THE FROZEN MEAT TRADE. By tlie successful placing of the Europa’s cargo in the London market, another important step has been gained towards the firm establishment of the frozen meat trade between Australia and England. British consumers will, henceforth, have a wider choice, of supplies of animal food than it has hitherto fallen to their lot to enjoy, together with a prospect of greater cheapness, as soon as the increasing com petition shall have done its work in beating down avaricious trade combinations and enhanced prices. There is more than a suspicion current that the inauspicious issue of some of the earlier ventures in this new line of export was due to the machina tions of the London batchers, who pursued the mistaken policy of giving the novel import a bad mime, in order that they might follow out the cherished commercial maxim of buying in the cheapest and selling in the dearest market. The objec tions raised against Australian frozen meat were based, in fact, on precisely the same ground as the tales that were wont to be assiduously circulated in the earlier part of the century concerning certain houses said to be haunted. “ The ghost walks ” as effectively in the shambles as in the fertile imagination of an actual or intending lessee, who has his own reasons for desiring a sub stantial reduction of rent. In both cases, the cifect, whether real or intended, is similar. The public decline to meddle with the article thus “ blown upon,’’ and the crafty disseminator of a well- calculated falsehood has the field to himself. More t’-equent shipments, under precautions favourable to the arrival of the carcases in prime condition, will do much to invalidate the prejudice with which Australian meat, whether raw or preserved, chilled or frozen, is still regarded by the retail consumer at home: and as justor views concerning its quality and nutritious value begin to pre vail, the dependence of the monopolists on the invincible ignorance of a grossly gulled public will receive many a scat,re blow. For all this, it would lie hardly wise of our meat-exporters to trust exclusively to the revenges brought about by the wlurh’gig of time for tbe inauguration of a brisk and profitable exchange of frozen products. They should endeavour, as far as possible, to effect the vending and distribution of the meat on arrival through agencies strictly under their own control, since it will he possible only by this means to roach the consumer at first hand, and thus to secure for the new Australian export that wide spread popularity which is essential to the realisation of adequate profits. At present, I owing to a widely ramified system of col lusion and combination between importers of American and continental live and dead stock, between Scotch and Northumbrian graziers, and the great carcase butchers of London and Liverpool, the British middle class consumer has no more idea of the source of the moat he eats than lie has of the ultimate ownership of the land on which the house lie rents is built. By an admirably deceptive mechanism of wheels within wheels, every fact affecting his personal interests is so carefully shrouded from his sight that he wanders through life as though groping in a dreamland where there is no reality save the very solid and undeniable one which is embodied in “rates and taxes.” No wonder that in a com munity thus systematically cozened and deluded bv their providers, the most obstinate prejudices against everything not sanctioned by the time-hallowed customs of trade should prevail. A proper apprecia tion of the above causes and their effects will enable the various enterprising Australian firms concerned in the frozen meat trade to await with patience the time whence the ice of reserve and suspicion shall have become thoroughly broken, and a brisk demand, somewhat commensurate with the inexhaustible supply, shall have taken tlu; place of former lukewarmness and apathy, Not the least interesting feature ot the new trade is that it is, in the best sense of the word, reciprocal. Hardly a vessel be longing to the Orient or I\ and O. lines now arrives without large consignments of British game, fish, fruit and other delicacies of temperate climes for the use and delecta tion of Australian gourmands. In a few instances the praiseworthy example thus set by our kin beyond sea has been imitated on this side the big- water, and we read of Australian butter, grapes, oranges, apples, etc., being sold at remuner ative prices in Covent Garden market. But the experiments hitherto made in this direction have lacked method, sus tained perseverance, and that, well- judged adaptation of means to ends that can come only of experience. Queensland, especially, would find her account in encouraging to the utmost the interchange of minor pro ducts. Her scmitropical and tropical range of climates admits of the cultivation of a copious list of highly-prized fruits, which the other colonies cannot produce' in sufficient perfection and abundance to render their shipment as part of a frozen cargo profitable to the exporter or grower. We have also various natural productions, such as turtle, dugong meat and bides, rock oysters, specimens of natural history, etc., the more frequent introduction of which under the antiseptic icgis of intense cold would be gladly welcomed in Kr.gbi.nd as gastronomic and scientific material. There seems, on the other hand, no reason why sundry desiderata of colonisation, from the enjoyment of which we have, ow ing to various causes, been debarred until now, should not, under the same potent spell, become actual realities. Several species of singing-birds, including the nightingale, to whom cither the long voy age' round the Cape or the fiery atmosphere of the Red Sea, invariably proves fatal, might be transported by the latter route, under the protective influence of artificial cold, so as to roach their destination in safety. In this category we might place the useful family of ily-eatehers and other insectivorous birds, as well as that despised, but no less useful quadruped, the mole, the presence of which in our fields, orchards, and pastures would soon make itself benefi cially felt in more ways than one. It is obvious that the above comprise but a small part of the potentialities of the new trade. As the latter becomes deve loped, more and more features of future promise and usefulness will become ap parent, until, from having through the agency of steam been enabled in a great measure to annihilate distance, we shall gradually learn to perform the equally im portant feat of annihilating differences of climate. 