IRovelist GRIT. A Story of the past and present; of ordi nary men and ordinary things, in ordi nary language, BY DONALD CAMERON. AUTHOR OF ' IN TITF. FOLDS OF THE SBBEENT,' ' SU.YEEW.ITEB BEND,' ETC. ' Be sure thy Bin will find thee out.' It is a beautiful belief : That ever round our head Are hovering, on angel wings, The spirits of the dead. CHAPTER XldX— ^Continued). 'I said, Men of Grit,' continued Buna kum witheringly. ' I address them, not the puppies' (Cheers). ' Once Istood on this spot when there was not a brick put up, and spoke to thousands. Then I ; began, with,* Miners of Grit!' yes; miners, diggers;, not a crowd of half rogues, half counter-jumpers. But they are gone — the honest, sturdy men of the past; and I am alone and deserted; yes de serted, even by my own son.' ' He's rich enough to keep you in brandy,' cried someone. ' He keeps himself in champagne,' cried Bunakum, ' and allows me to starve.' Here several cried, ' Shame.' 'Never mind old boy,' cried a broker, *? have another tumbler.' ' We drank it out of pannikins . in the old times,' said Bunakum regretfully as he took a sip. 'But the old times is gone, is gone,' here his voice became .strangely plaintive, ' and them as made then- fortune sneer at us old people. You think old White a big man, don't you? I remember the time when he was glad to beg a damper off me. I do, and he holds bis head mighly high now, and won't talk to me, his old friend. But do you know why he won't? Because his wife liked me a great deal better than she did him.' Jack started. He had often heard dubious stories about his father and Mrs. White, and had always been puzzled at the aversion White felt for him. The mystery appeared unravelled. 'But my own son cast me off,' said Bunakum, bringing all his old pathos to bear ; 'him as I reared so gentle, as I underwent privation for. Ah! inen of Grit, you are slaves to the viper that cuts into my heart, Jack Meldon, my son Jack. I have lost my power, or when I'd raise the shriek of freedom as in the old days, you'd burst your chains and become free men. But its all over now. I don't belong to yon.' He passed his hands over his eyes as if he were trying to clear his vision. ' No, no,' he said fatheringly, ' I don't know you, and you don't know me. You're strangers, you're not the men I knew. But they're here ; yes, I see them, rising on every side. Old faces crowd around me; there's Joe, there's Iiong Jim, iheres' Harry, yes, yes. Miners of Grit, down with the man who luxuriates in the camp, the regal tyrant who sits in his summer house ?while you swelter in the sun. Get away Janet; don't come for me so soon. I didn't do it, woman. I didn't do it. Go to Hector Macinnis, go to him. Miners of Grit, miners of Grit, save the old man— the flag of freedom.' Here, helpless and dizzy, he tottered, and would have fallen, had not the crowd been too closely packed. Jack at once pushed forward, and told two men he knew to carry Bunakum to the Garryowen, and obtain the assistance of two doctors, for he saw that his father was very ill. The words which had dropped from him, inspired Jack with an idea that Bunakum knew something of the terrible event that had taken place years ago. If so, Jack would do all in his power to worm the secret out. And then Ms revenge would come. CHAPTER XTJTT. Eleven o'clock had come, and still the crowd was greater than ever. Flushed and excited, they had deserted the Busy Bee, and were now congregated in the Garryowen, every inch of space being filled with the maddened crowd. Hesperus Extended con tinued to rise, and no one appeared to know the price they would ultimately command. Obadiah Sweetcomf ort moved about amongst She crowd, apparently buying all kinds of stock j but it struck some of the shrewdest men in the assemblage that there was less difficulty ia getting any stock they required ! than usuaL It was remarked, too, that Peanitoe's men had all kinds of shares, and, although they did not offer any, the moment a person asked for stock, he was immediately referred to them. ' Pennitoe must have made a pretty penny this evening,' said Jolliboy to Jack. ?' He's sold thousands upon thousands of shares, if he's sold one scrip.' ' Jack,' said William Brown, as they were having b quiet glass at one of ihe tables, for there was no .approaching the barEj ?*» what do you say if you begin to sell . onfc ail your stock. JFancy the enormous sum ypacojifld zealjse ?' Jack pondered. He ,}&^ty^i#iiti%h8 \ /'-? ? , '.. ?;.?-:''????? v-V ;- ?'' ^^):'i$p : i ??????.V-''---'.'-^-t#- ? wore to sell his interests, he would have a magnificent balance at his bank. 'It wouldn't do,' he said thoughtfully. 'The market is in such a feverish state that if they got the slightest idea I was selling out shares would tail -to nothing. I will do it, however, but I must be very cautious. To morrow we will begin the crusade, and let our stock slide quietly. But if wej-show our hand, all will be over. I will not sell Hesperus Ex tended, however, until I have taught Obadiah and his crowd a lesson.' -? ' Well,' said William, ' I will leave every thing in your hands, old friend. I must get home now, so that I'll have a little sleep, for I start for Melbourne to-morrow morning, first thing. O, Jack, you can't tell the joy I feel at the prospect of meeting the dear girl from whom I parted so many years ago.' ' Yes I can, William,' said Jack, sadly, a moisture coming into his eyes ; 'yes, I can. Go, William, go, and enjoy all the happiness your liard struggles have earned.' 'I wish you could toe happy, too,' said WiUiarn^. whose honest heart sympathised deeply %jth his Mend. 'Don't speak of it, don't speak of it,' said Jack, hastily. After shaking his hand, William went away. Jack walked out of the suffocating crowd, and stood under the verandah. The night had changed. The sky was veiled in clouds out of which the vivid lightning played, and clap after clap of thunder pealed along the heavens. Jack shuddered. It reminded him of the awful night and day when the tragedy of his life had been enacted. The trees shook, the wind tore madly around the hotel, driving the dealers in scrip inside. As Jack was look ing round, his eyes fell upon Obadiah Sweet comfort. He stood at the principal door as if waiting for someone. Presently a cab drove up, and out of it came Sniggle Snickers. A low conversation followed, and then the two walked inside. 'What evil are these men hatching?' asked Jack of himself ; and he followed them. Sniggle Snickers was immediately surrounded by the crowd, who inquired how the Hesperus Extended looked ; but to their questions he gave no answer. The crowd thought this strange ; but stranger still appeared bis conduct. He made his way at once to some of the directors, and, before many minutes, Obadiah and the other directors left the room, and jumping into the cab were hurried away into the darkness. ''What can be wrong?' asked everyone, with blank faces. In a time of such tremendous excitement the slightest event gave rise to terror. ' The reef has not broken up ?' asked one. ' Some accident,' said another. ' What can it be ?' was the general chorus. Just then the gaslight was paled by a flash of extraordinary brilliance, and then followed a peal of thunder that shook the building to its founda tion. CHAPTER 1OJV. All selling and baying ceased at once. The assemblage crowded around Jack, on whom all now leaned. For a time lie did not answer them. ITis mind was too busy with other thoughts. This scene reminded him of that terrible one when a coroner's Jury sat to enquire into his mother's murder. The terror- stricken faces, the ghastly light of gas and electricity combined, the rush and roar of the tempest outside, all brought back the picture so indelibly stamped upon his brain. ' It is nothing,' he exclaimed at last; 'only some dodge of the crew they have put in the Hesperus Extended management. They want to buy more shares, and will resort to some manoeuvre for that purpose. . If you are afraid, I will take every Hesperus Extended share in this room.' A few minutes before they would, in then- be wilderment and fear, have sold the shares to him at any price almost. Now, the moment they heard him speak in that way, their natural greed returned, and they at once named extravagant .prices. 'There is something wrong,' said Pennitoe, who had now sold out all Obadiah' s stock, and whose pockets were distended with cheques and sale notes. 'Some one had better go out and sec.' ' I will go,' said Jack. The crowd accompanied him to the door, but the fierce, elemental tempest drove them back quickly. The rain was descending in torrents, the wind was bellowing and roaring, and lightning after lightning illumined the pitchy darkness. 'Don't go,' said Jolliboy. ' Good God ! the night is fearful. Ho cabman can drive you out.' The drivers were congregated under the verandah. ' Is there a man here game enough to drive me to the Hesperus Extended?' asked Jack, in a voice easily heard above the elemental din. ' ' five pounds for him 1' 'Til do it,' cried a bold looking fellow. 'Where's your cab?' asked Jack. 'Here,' was the reply; and in a few minutes the vehicle was being driven up the street. The horse was a bold and strong animal; hut the terrible deluge of rain that the wind beat into his eyes, and the incessant flashes of liquid fire, almost maddened hini. But the driver held the reins tightly, and, knowing the road to a stone, he guided the horse without flinching. In sheer terror the animal shot along as if running a race with death. In less than fifteen minutes the driver drew him up, reeking with loam, and quivering close to the machinery of the Hesperus Extended. But for tlie fires which gleamed ruddily into the darkness, no one could have recog nised the spot, as the terrific atmospherical combat drowned the clatter of the stampers. _ Tn a few minutes Jack stood at the shaft. Obadiah and the directors were also there. ' Ha! Mr. Meldon,' said Obadiah with a sneer, 'have you come, too? Perhaps its as well, for you have as great a loss to bear as any of us.' ' What do you mean ? ' asked Jack, fiercely. 'Why, that the reef has broken up,' was the cutting replyr Jack almost gave a cry, but gulping it down, he stared foil at the man. Obadiah did not quail. ' That's a d — d lie,' said Jack. ' Go and see,' retorted Obadiah. Jack stepped into the cage, and was soon beyond the sound of the thunder. The transition from the rush and roar above to the quiet and stillness below, was strange. It seemed like going out of the weary world into the grave. The captain of the shift took him along the drive, andJack,takingacandle,examhiedthereei. There could be no. doubt about it; the lode had broken off abruptly, or rattier come to a- natural termina tion. Jack was a thorough miner, and a very brief examination sufficed to show him that the Hesperus Extended had seen its bsst days so far as this reef ?was concerned. At the best, but about four dividends could be obtained from it. Jack stood still when the awful fact dawned upon his mind. He saw at once that rum, irreparable ruin, was his. The shares would fall to as many pence as they were pounds now. His face grew white, his hands clenched. This was Obadiah's revenge. Standing there with the men grouped around him, the whole of his past life came, back to him, and he remembered the strange vision he had seen when imprisoned in that stony fortress. Then he realised the enormous fortune that he had lost. His heart almost stopped. Everything was lost — gone ! Not yet! Perhaps he could persuade these iron men on the surface to delay the publication of the' news until he could save even a tithe of the fortune he had lost. What if they had worked the reef so as to lead him astray? Again he examined it in the hope that it had been tampered with. No ! He knew too much of Teefs to cherish the slightest hope. Then Jack gave way. With a faint cry he sank to the ground. The millers dashed some cold water over bis face, and when he had sufficiently recovered, he was put in the cage and brought to the surface. The sight of Obadiah and his party, who had gathered in the office for shelter, infuriated him. He had gone down a strong, handsome man ; he came up years older, his face pinched and ghastly. Obadiah fairly sniggered with delight. 'Poor Mr. Meldon,' he said in a harsh and mocking tone; 'it is too much for you. But we all suffer.' . '. ? 'It's a lie; a damned lie,' cried Jack, all his strength coming back to him; 'you don't. hold a share in the company. Oh, my (Shod J 'How I have been deceived.' ' :. .lObauiah smiled demoniacally. It was very nearly ijjsJssJsBPle, JacKBprang atbim like a tiger, ant dealt hiin a blow that laid him along the ground as if dead. Nor would there have been any doubt in the matter had not some brawny miners seized Tack and held him. A terrible flash of lightning revealed the strange tableaux. Jack held back by the miners, his face ablaze with passion ; Obadiah lying white a corpse on the floor, while the other directors stood by with ashen faces. When Obadiah came to himself, he glared at Jack like a wild animal, and then burst out into mocking laughter. ( ' Good, Mr. Meldon ; this is not the first blow I got from you ; but I forgive you all, for I've had my revenge. You've lost your fortune; you've lost Bertha; you've lost alL' The directors, comprehending that all this might end .in murder, bore Obadiah away, and, putting him. into a cab, drove off. They were soon followed by Jack, who had again collapsed. Li vain he tried to think of some scheme to save part of his fortune. None presented itself. The only hope was that other shares would not depreciate to an alarming extent. But, alas, he knew what a mining panic was! ??.?'?? CHAPTER XLY. Through the storm and rain the cab drove on until the lights of the city were approached. Then, however, the horse gave ene or two wild plunges, and dropped dead with excitement, over work, and terror. Jack sprang out and walked rapidly through the blinding rain to the Garry owen. Obadiah and his party were there before him. As Jack entered, one glance sufficed to tell him that the blow had been struck. Every face was white with frenzied apprehension. A. rush was made at him. 'Will you buy any Hesperus Extended?' asked all in chorus. jack hesitated. 'Hlgsell you 1000 for £10 a share,' cried one. * 'Til sell you 1000 for £7 10s.,'' said another. ' Til give you 1000 for £5,' was the offer of a third. Jack turned away dizzy and exhausted. He was like the criminal who, after the first few strokes, feels no more. 'Oh! Jack,' said Joe Jolliboy, 'this won't do. Obadiah and his lot came in and told us the reef had broken up. Is it true ?' ' Too true, too true,' said Jack, with a groan. ' Then we're ruined,' said Joe. ' We've lived like grasshoppers, and now the winter's come, where are we to find a hive where the bees will be generous enough to give us a drop of honey until the summer comes again ? Stock is falling like leaves. What's to be done ?' ? Jack said nothing. He leaned against a pillar, and watched the strange panorama that passed before i'm Men rushed hither and thither in Frantic haste, offering shares that no one would buy. The prices first named rapidly came down, until stock that had been offered at £5 when he came into the room went begging for 5s. 'It's all madness,' said Jack.. ' To-morrow morning they'll recover then- senses, and stock will rise again. Because the Hesperus Extended reef has given out, is that any reason other mines are valueless ? They'll be sober to- morrow.' Surveying the crowd with a look of intense satisfaction, Mr. Obadiah Sweetcomfort quietly smoked a cigar. No one could tell how proud and happy he felt as he reflected that he, of all these men, was ihe wisest. He felt like the man in scripture who had built his house on the rock, and sitting therein all snug with a bright fire burning on the hearth, watched all his neighbor's houses, which were built on the sand, succumbing to the flood. Now and then Obahiah would take the cigar out of his mouth, spit, and enjoy a quiet chuckle. CHAPTER XLYL Amidst the din of voices, the roar of the thunder, and the beating of the rain, a terrible scream was heard. All conversation ceased, and the crowd saw at the door a man and a woman, drenched and dishevelled. Jack at once saw that the man was his father. TTis eyes were starting out of his head, bis face was flushed, and there was a wild ness about his aspect that reminded one of a savage beast. The woman puzzled him for a few moments ; but he soon recognised her as Hector's wife. TTjk heart beat with strange satisfaction. It was the only gleam of light that had fallen upon him since he had heard his doom pronounced by Bertha. 'Seize that wojnan,' cried Obadiah Sweet comfort, who was now all attention. ' Good heavens!' said he to himself; 'this is too much luck altogether. Perhaps the Fates are preparing something evil.' But his cogitations were stopped short. With an eldritch screech the woman disappeared ; and although a policeman, who stood near the door, made a frantic efiort to seize her, she was soon out of his reach in the gloom. But Bunakum did not stir. ? Glaring on the crowd he stood there like a baleful statue. ' Demons of Grit,' he cried, in a cracked, yet terrible voice. 'The last day of judgement is come. You hear the thunder, you see the light ning, you listen to the rain; but this is not thunder, it is the cannon of the Eternal Artillery that is overthrowing the world. These arc not lightnings — they arc the devils that have come in fire to take you to judgment. Thatis not rain — it is the brimstone that is to destroy the world. You have neglected the old man ; you have sneered at him ; and now the day of wrath is at hand ! Ha ! How the demons laugh and rattle their chains in mockery. Come!' Although everyone there knew the man, yet his words inspired the most superstitious awe. As if to confirm his words a terrible flash of lightning illuminated the hall, followed by a. tremendous clap of thunder that shook the earth to its foundations. 'Grit is fallen,' cried the maniac, in unearthly tones ; ' Grit, the Great, is fallen, and the day of vengeance is at hand. The demons of Drink and Gold are here to claim their victims, and take them to everlasting fire ! ' Here he became as it were paralysed. His face blanched, bis .eyes started from their sockets, and he put forth Mb hands as if to avert something. 'Away! away! woman,' he cried, 'I am not your murderer; I never touched you. Away, woman! Janet, ask your son why he has not avenged you. Go to Hector Macinnis ; call him to account. O, God! keep her from me. Hide me, hide me, in the deepest shaft of Grit.' Uttering an awful scream, he clapped his hands to his ears, and rushed out into the pitchy darkness. CHAPTER XliVIL It was some time before the people in the Garry owen recovered themselves ; but the moment they did, 4hey made a rush for the bar, and drank deeply. This was, it seemed to be, a night of horrors. There were two disappointed nien in the crowd, Jack and Obadiah. Jack had thought his father safe, but evidently -the delirium had come upon him, and he had escaped. Obadiah knew that Prudence was lost to him that night ; but he hoped to see her captured next day. The storm at last abated in some degree, but the excitement was so great that few cared to go to sleep that night. Obadiah, however, full of satisfied revenge, went home to sleep and dream of a yet greater success, his bank balance continually standing out in letters of fire hi his dreams. Morning at last dawned, revealing a crowd of beggared men, standing round the different bars, then- eyes red with want of sleep. A beautiful morning it was too. The sun rose in a bright, cloudless sky — the air cleared by the tempest of the night, was sweet and bracing — the dew shone in diamond drops upon the grass, and the birds in the woods sang joyfully. But for the people of Gritthere was no gladness, and heavy tidings reached all other parts of the land as soon as the telegraph wires l-egau to work. Never, in the history of Victoria, had there been so terrible a crash. In every city, groups were gathered together discussing the terrible event. Faces grew dark, as thoughts of ruined fortunes, lost homes and happiness, flashed through troubled minds. It was a day never to be forgotten— a day fraught with misery to many and many a human heart. Numbers had been so deceived, by the excitement, that they had invested then- all in the great gambling scrips of Grit. Now the earnings of years were scattered to the winds, and they would have to retrace their steps, and become workers again. Almost all Grit was gathered under the Busy Bee at an early hour. The panic re-commenced, and soon prices fell to nothing. Indeed, no one would buy anything; if one offered a sovereign for sale, he would only get 19s. Cd. for it, so terrible was the blow. Hundreds sought the Hesperus Extended, but there even greater distress awaited them. Few failed to remark the strange behaviour of Sniggle Snickers, who smiled a ghastly smile as visitor after visitor inquired anxiously what were the prospects of the mine. But even in such times poor petty human nature asserted itself. When Jack appeared there was a low murmuring. The lesser fry almost forgot their 'sorrows, in the consoling fact that the great man of Grit would soon be as poor as themselves. And yet how, generous the young man had been. But Jack heeded them not. He walked straight on to the Obscurial Bank, where he knew his fate lay. II Mr. Keenman would support him, all might yet go well. Seeing what Jack had done for him, surely hi his great hour of tribulation he would grant some help. When Jack entered, he noticed that Obadiah had just come out of the manager's room. This looked . ill. Keenman asked Jack to be seated, and said he would be back in a moment. On the table lay the Gritty Gvlly Trumpet. Jack glanced over it to divert his mind while preparing lor the great battle that was to decide his fate. Looking at the Melbourne telegraphic news, to see if thore was anything in it about the panic, his eye ' caught the f ollowing paragraphs: — 'It was rumored late this after noon that one of our merchants, once a wealthy quartz miner at Grit, is on the- brink of insolvency. Trie liabilities are stated to ie^nunensc.' ' This evening, considerable consternation was caused at Toorak, by a rumor that the daughter of a wealthy citizen, .Mr. White, had disappeared. The detectives are now on the search.' Jack clasped his hands. He could not think how all this -would end. Had Bertha, in despair, committed suicide ? A li ttle more, and his reason would give away. Keenmnn came in, and taking out a large satchel, began to turn over bills of exchange, now and then glancing furtively at Jack. 'It is no use beating about the bush, Mr. Keenman,' said Jack, at last, in sheer desper ation ; ' I have come to ask you to carry me through this panic.' 'Impossible,' said Keenman, stiffly; 'I am telegraphed instructions to draw hi all credits at once.' And he showed to Jack a telegram from Mel bourne. Jack groaned. ' How is my account ?' he asked. ' Everything has been drawn out this morning to within a few pounds,' said Keenman. 'Here's this scrip,' said Jack, taking out a bulky book. ' No thank you,' said Keennian. ' Consider what I did for you, Mr. Kcemnan. I made your fortune,' said Jack despairingly. ' I will consider myself first,' was the heartless reply. ' Ah, you want me, Jones,' he continued, as a clerk came to the door. ' Good morning Mr. Meldon. Bright weather insn't it, after last night's storm ?' Jack looked at the man as if he could have swallowed him there and then. 'But the imperturb able manager returned his glance without quailing, and walked out. Jack stood 'on the steps of the Obscurial Bank and looked out into the city, a poorer man than ever he had been, with a .terrible load of debt upon him. Himself penniless, his father mad — his darling disappeared, perhaps dead — his enemies triumphant, one rich beyond account, the other famous — his mother's wings unavenged. The blow was too heavy. The young man fell to the pavement insensible. Where was the shining reef ? CHAPTER XL VDX ' Vengeance is mine ; I will repay.' Though clouds and storms, and darkness dim The years that should be bright ; Unfailing trust, and lean on Him Whose mighty hand brings light. And all the drapery of woe, That veiled our life in gloom, Shall vanish in hope's heavenly glow ; ' And sin -will meet its doom. O ! blessed fact ; to think that God Keeps record of our tears, And that affliction's heavy rod, Us to Him more endears ; That weary years of Brief and pain ( Are' but the portals grand, That lead to future joy and gain, And to the Happy Land. The past, the stern and solemn past, With its accusing eyes, Looks out upon regret and shame, And Grief that never dies. The cold and cheerless sun of winter was setting, mumming the western skies with a pale flush, like that which paints the cheek of a consumptive invalid, who feels be is only a burden to the world, and desires to hide himself in the grave. The few clouds that straggled about the sky, or hovered aimlessly over the horizon, were tinged with chill, grey, and corpse-like hues that made one shiver. A searching wind was blowing from the south over a dreary expanse of country, deadened by the eternal dingy gums, except where the muddy city of Grit and its desolate expanse of bare country and uncouth streets formed a sort of blot. It was a landscape that would make even a Mark Tapley feel an inclination towards suicide. That great feature which gives so much lif e to a scene, that inspires hope and speaks of home and harvest and comfort, agriculture, was absent, and a stranger, dropping unprepared upon the spot, would have raised his hands, and wondered how any living soul could live there, and would hurry away as from a laud of starvation. Tn full accord with that desolate scene and its surroundings, was the soul of Jack, as he sat on the brow of a hill that commandedva view of Grit and its surroundings — the very hill upon which we first made his acquaintance. The hill was one of those bare sandstone ridges, covered here and there with rubbly quartz that abound in mining centres. Close to Jack was a shaft with the usual concomitant of heaps of stone that had been dug or blasted out of the depths, and a small wind lass that looked as if it was always expecting something, and was ever disappointed. In the gully was a humble hut, formed out of tin, bark, wood, and all sorts of incongruous materials, and so frail hi appearance, that hi all probability the next blast -would blow it away. It added to the despair that the whole landscape appeared to create. The man who could withstand the depres sing influences of earth and sky that day would be a hopeful mortal. With his head sunk down almost to his knees, Jack was thinking. A panorama was passing through his mind ' that shut out the dreary, real scene. He was much altered. His face had be come pinched, and old and careworn, the limbs shrunken, and a thick, uncared-for beard, made him look wild and reckless. There was little in him now to remind us of the boy, or the man of yore. Thinking! Of what? Of the past. Phantom army after phantom army of memories filed before him in orderly array, mocking and accusing, until his heart in very anguish almost ceased to beat. From these spectres we will learn his history since we saw hini last. Ruin could not have been more complete than that which had fallen upon Jack. Fortune had elevated him to an almost dazzling pinnacle of success, only to dash him down to the lowest pit of abasement. For a while, indeed, Jack hardly re alized his position ; he thought the tide would surely turn. But it did not, arid three months after the collapse Jack was without a shilling. Those few Mends who remained constant, had themselves become impoverished by the general calamity; and those who had weathered the storm, and were safe in the anchorage of a good banking account, reso lutely closed then- ears and their purses. These men, indeed, looked upon everyone who had fallen, as the victims of then* own folly. When they met Jack they would take him patronisingly by the hand, and say, ' Well, Jack, you've lost a great chance ; but you know it's your own fault ; if you had not been so careless, you would be a rich man now.' It was vain to give them any other reason for Ids downfall. And when Jack asked them for temporary assistance, they shook then- heads and drew in then- horns, metaphorically, saying that it was as much as they could do to tide over the disaster. Then they would go amongst then acquaintances and preach about Jack, in reality extolling their own prudence and foresight. There is Pharasaism in worldly, as well as in religious life. Grit had suffered a terrible blow, and with it the whole of the colony. There were a few who had money, and still fewer who had credit, who had not dabbled in scrip ; consequently when that security became worthless, and calls heavy, insolvencies followed in quick succession. Men's hearts died within them. They discovered that their gold had become like that in the fable which turned to ashes of dried leaves, then- valuable claims changed to worthless plots of ground, ever so many yards away from the line of reef, and, agriculturally-qjealdng, not fit to grow a head of cabbage. The yield of gold from Grit decreased with extraordinary sud denness, and on every side there were prophecies that the precious metal would soon fail altogether. This set all the political economists going, and one after another, they found out that gold mining was carried on at loss, and that if matters did not change, general insolvency would result, and Grit become a. wilderness of trees, and Melbourne a ruined village. But the large number of thinking men never wavered in their opinion that gold mining was in its infancy, and that ere long the cloud would be lifted, and Grit proved to be richer than ever. And, although beggared, and knowing not where to get another meal, Jack was one of these. He had studied the past of Grit, and was firmly convinced that m its bosom there was con tained a treasure a thousandfold greater than had ever been extracted. But for the present, it was all a f armicide feast to him. It must be confessed when misfortune came thick and fast upon Jack, his mind, to a degree, gave way, and he became reckless, seeking in a baneful lethe, to forget his troubles — of course he did wrong; but who is to stand in judgment' on us when we lose everything that is worth living for ?. Can there be imagined anything, more terrible than a sudden fall from wealth and happiness to poverty and misery? It is like toppling from the summit of a high mountain, up which, we have climbed by weary and tedious steps, into the slimy ditch at its foot. We view the terrible distance, and sigh that we have to labor up to the dazzling eminence anew. The fable of Sisyphus, ordered to everlastingly roll up the mountain a stone which tumbled to the foot the moment it neared the top, must have been suggested to the poet by such a fate. And when Jack, soberly and calmly looked into the future, it seemed impossible for him to ever regain what he had lost. He had no money, no friends, and he knew only one way of getting a living, by returning to his old occupation as a miner, to do which, he was somewhat incapacitated by the luxurious and irregular life he had led. But there was a deeper sorrow than this. How could he retrieve what he had lost — the love of that pure and beautiful girl, who was to him more than life itself ? She had faded from his vision for ever. The papers told him the story that Mr. White had gone insolvent for a very large amount ; but no one knew what had become of him or Bertha ; indeed, the latter had never been heard of by the people of Grit, since the paragraph had appeared, stating that she had deserted her father's home at Toorak. How could he, without a farthing, find her out? The same desolating wave that had borne Jack down to the dust had been quite as hard on William ; and perhaps in many regards, his was a worse case. He had sent for the love of his early youth, Emily ; and the very day of the crash she had arrived in Hobson's Bay. Her lover, who had written to her that he was wealthy, met her when the great crisis had made hini a poor man. But Emily was a noble girl ; she had waited for him for many long years, although willing to niarry, even on the means he then possessed, and she would not now turn back. So they were married, and William brought his bride home to find that he had not as many pence as once he possessed pounds. But the presence of his noble and beautiful wife strengthened him. When he married her his fortunes were wrecked. He at once took a situation as mining manager, at a somewhat small salary, and, cheered by bis devoted wife, he went to work to build up a competency for her sake. After all a man. never loses by marry ing, if his partner is a good woman; for she nerves him up to tasks of which a bachelor would ; not dream, for he has not the same incentive. Emily never complained of the difference between what she was led to expect and the reality. She took the world as it came, and bravely resolved to fight at her husband's side to the death. Such is the true woman. Would we had more of them! William knew very well Jack's position ; but the proud young fellow would not for some time be persuaded to go and stay with his only true friend — the sole friend who remained as constant when the night had fallen and the storm had risen as when the sun was shining and the sky was unclouded. Jack was reduced to the extremity of sleeping out in the park, along which a few months before he had driven in his handsome carriage. Had he been less honest, less proud, this would not have happened, for he could have saved something from, the wreck— enough, at least, to enable him to make a start somewhere else. But Jack was honest, sternly honest, and paid his creditors to the last shilling he had. But that didn't satisfy them. Those who had come off worst, being in at the death, vilified him to their heart's content, called him swindler, rogue, ruffian, and so forth, and deeply regretted that, owing to tlio laws of a foolish country, they could not put him on the roads. At first they thought that he had secreted some of bis wealth ; they could not believe that it had all been swallowed up ; but when they saw him going about with a ragged coat, and delapi dated hat, and knew that he could not get credit for a meal, then they rejoiced in then- hearts that vengeance had overtaken him, and went to their churches and thanked God he had come so low. Poor Jack ! With what strange company he be came acquainted now. He bad to go to the lowest restaurants and hotels, places where the filth of the town swarmed, there to lay his weary head ; for he had no money or credit. He hardly ever moved about in the day time now. His spirit and independence appeared to have died witliin him ; and he slunk up and down the streets in the night, afraid to encounter those whom he knew in better days. He would have gone to work as a miner, but he could get none ; for the first effect of the crash had been the stoppigg of a large number of the unproductive mines — the share holders refusing to pay calls. So great was the pressure that fuHy 3000 miners found themselves out of work. Can Jack's humiliation be des cribed, when he was refused work over and over again by the very men whom he had appointed inininfT managers? Some of them exulted over his fall ; but many would have given work if it were possible, which it was not, as every billet in prospect was promised months ahead. He had nothing to do except to wander about the streets and starve, unless be chose to throw himself upon William, and his nature recoiled at that. So, from day to day he fell lower and lower, until at last he was compelled to sleep, a lonely exile in the park, along with some other poor outcasts. CHAPTER XLEX. One night, cold, hungry, and miserable, Jack sat on the hill in the park that faced the principal street of Grit. It was Saturday night. Beneath, in the shadows, walked lovers, conversing in low tones, planning the future which was to be so pleasant ; enjoying then* fleeting hour of happi ness, . regardless of the terrible future of pain that was in store. In the street, the glare of gas lit up a. crowd that was only the phantom of the vast army that a few mouths before moved and had then- being there. The Busy Bee was the ghost of itself , surrounded by a few spectral figures, broken down brokers, insolvent speculators, and money less loafers. Was it all a dream ? In the back ground was outer darkness, save the red light of an engine fire gleamed ; and in the distance the mighty monster man had called into being to help him in the search for gold — that search which was almost fruitless now — groaned, and puffed and snorted. Gazing on the scene, the tears came into Jack's eyes, as the memories of the past came crowding into his soul, filling it with agony. Phantoms of the past they were to him now: days that had passed away — faces cold in death, or lost to him for ever ; eyes that met his love — hands that clasped his in frieudsliin — gone ; all gone — and he was alone ! That day he had gone as a last resource to the Hesperus Extended, where once he was lord supreme, and asked for work. While he was talking to Sniggle Snickers, Obadiah Sweetcomfort came up. Snickers had kept up a sort of sneering conversation with Jack. The moment Obadiah saw him, a demoniacal smile overspread his face ; he could not conceal his glee. He was not afraid of Jack now, for the poor fellow was too wan and tbin to give him a blow as he had done in the old times. What a difference there was in the two men now. Jack was a mere scarecrow, while Obadiah had absolutely filled out, and looked comfortable and wealthy. As he stood there he handled his massive watchguard, pulled out his heavy chron ometer to look at the time, and twirled liis fingers so that the valuable diamonds might-scintillate in the face of his old enemy. Obadiah was now a great man. He had ceased to dwell in Grit, and had betaken himself to Melbourne, where he lived in state, having become a laud-owner there ; and he bade well to become a bank director and share holder hi permanent companies, and a great man in the land. He generally deigned to visit Grit, however, once a fortnight, and then its impecunious inhabitants waited upon him as a lord, and begged, but in vain, for loans. Obadiah did not care for the security they could give ; he could invest his money to a greater advantage in the metropolis. But he had still a few shares in the mines, and took a very active interest in the welfare of Grit, attending every political demonstration most religiously ; for he had an eye on the constituency, and thought that he would attain the desire of his sonl at the next election, and oust Hector Macinnis. Only this was wanted to make liini the happiest man in the world. Obadiah, however, said nothing to Jack that could be construed into insolence or cruelty, but he acted in such a way that the unfortunate man felt as if he would sooner have been thrust into the furnace and slowly incinerated. When Sniggle Snickers told him there was no prospect of work, he tottered away ; but Obadiah followed him, and, in his slimy way, held out a sovereign. ' You may want something, Jack, just for the present,' he said. Had death stared Jack hi the face, be would not have taken this giftjso insultingly offered. His old spirit returned, and he felt as if he could have killed this heartless, relenttessman. As he walked away, he heard the low chuckle of the twp wretches who stood watching hun. Jack had never seen Maggie since the day be met her at the station, being resolved to give no more cause of offence to Bertha. Now, however, it seemed to him that she was the last support he could lay hold of ; so he made his way to the house where she had lived. He was surprised to see strange ladies sitting under the verandah sewing. When he rang the bell, a servant came out, and looking at Mm with all that superciliousness which these persons assume towards the poor, asked him what he wanted. Jack inquired whether Maggie was in, upon which the servant flew into a righteous rage, and asked him how dare he inquire about ' sich people.' Jack humbly replied that the lady had lived there once, and he had not known she had shifted. ' Well,' said the servant, with that gleefulness which characterises people when im parting bad news, ' that lady, as j-ou call her, sold this 'ere house to my master, and cleared out to Melbourne,' and with a laugh, she slammed the door in his face, stating ' she wasn't going to stand there talking to rubbage all day.' This was a terrible Wow to Jack. He wandered aimlessly about the gullies, where, in the old times he and Spot, poor Spot — dead years ago — tended sheep together, happy as the day was long. And, when the night came, he sought the Park, and sat there watching the panorama of life below. Was it to be wondered at, that undep such cir cumstances, Jack began to ponder whether it were not better to quit this sphere of sin and suffering, and seek refuge in a world that could not be by any means worse ? He had contemplated suicide often since his downfall. At night time, and during dark days, the idea was ever present, at times assuming the form of a shadowy being standing at his side, and tempting him to rid himself of his troubled life. But, although Jack was not religious, although he had been brought up in darkness, his maturer years had been too busy to permit of self -education in religious matters, he combated the Phantom successfully, not on religious, but on manly grounds. After all he argued that the taking of one's life was a cowardly act, and that the suicide would deserve and receive a coward's fate, if there was such a tiling as another world. Besides, the hope ever clung to him that after all fate had a better life in store for him ; that he would yet be happy with Bertha. That strange vision which had three times visited him, seemed to give him fresh heart every tune he thought of it. But this night the Phantom was more powerful than ever. When he passed a shaft on his road down to the town, the Phantom seemed to drag him to the brink, and then when looking into the depths it whispered to him, what a happy release it would be to fling himself down, and end all Iris miseries. Who, said the Phantom, spoke of another world ? They were fools ; there was no other world, and eternal punishment was a silly bugbear, only fit to frighten children. He that would be free, should strike the. blow himself. When he went by the glistening miniature lake in the park, whose mimic waves washed its slippery sides, the same dreadful Presence was near, and suggested a refuge in its sullen bosom. But the vision of the bright Spirit that had promised him the Shining Reef, seemed to hover over the water, and to point to happier days; so he passed on. Now, however, when sitting here alone, cold and wretched, the baleful demon returned with twofold power ,? and crowded into Ms visum the past until he was stung to desperation. How, whispered the fiend, could he ever attain to the wealth and position that had been his ? Only in the course of very many years, and if they ever returned to him, it would be when he was a hideous old man, with all his power of enjoyment gone. Was this worth the pain and misery that must be his — hard work, disappointment, perhaps death. No, no ; it would be better to cut the knot, and at once solve the great mystery. Jack rose from his seat. His mind was at last made up. He glanced at the great street wluch had seen liis rise and fall, and bade it farewell for ever. The phantom of destruction was before him; it gaily guided him on in the direction of a partially filled shaft that was in the Park. Jack followed it quickly, clenching his hands firmly, and shutting his teeth, as if to nerve himself up to the terrible deed. He paused at the brink. An army of dancing demons seemed to flit about in the gloom of the shaft, beckoning out of the dark water where a star or two were reflected. He drew in his breath, took one glance at the shining firmament he would see no more, and — ' Hollo, there ! ' cried a strong, manly voice, and a hand was laid upon his arm ; ' ' what do you mean ? Why, another moment and you'd have been down there beyond the art of a doctor.' Jack put his hand over bis eyes. It was William Brown who spoke. 'Good God!' said William, recoguising his wretched friend. ' Have I saved you, poor Jack ! I was coming home from work, when I saw a man standing suspiciously near this old shaft, and laid hold just in time to save you.' ' I am mad,' said Jack. 'No doubt, no doubt,' said William, kindly; ' and you have suffered enough to drive a Samson mad. Why didn't you come to me? Here I've been sending ami searching for you, but you've become such an owl, and I have so little time, that I never dropped across you. Come, Jack, you must come home with me, and you shall have half of what I have, even if its my last sixpence. Emily will soon put you to rights. Poor fellow! poor Jack ! But don't think I will, interfere with your independence. A few others, and I have found what we think a good show on the hill, close to where I live, and we are thinking of starting some one to prospect it. You shall have a share, Jack, and you'll work it, while the others and I will pay in ; and if we get a golden reef, the old times will come back again. Eh ? Jack, old man — dear old man.' ' God bless you, William,' said Jack, the tears gushing from his eyes. 'You are still the same.' ' Still the same; forever the same,' said William. ' Could I forget what you have been to me, dear Jack? Ceme along.' CHAPTER L. Ere the week was out, Jack was sitting in William's hut, clothed, and in Itis right mind. A co- operative party was got together, and Jack began to sink on the lull. The shaft was sunk in a straight line with the Hesperus Extended, and, although a considerable distance from that mine, it was thought by some experienced miners that there was a fine show of striking the Hesperus reef, if it carried so far ; and the general aspect of the 'country,' and the specimens found, seemed to warrant the belief . Jack led a very quiet and reasonably happy life for some time. He found in his friend's wife a noble, intelligent woman, with a heart open to all, and ready to while away the dreary hours with fluent conversation. She was ever cheerful. Nothing appeared to daunt her ; and poor as were their means, the hut was always tidy and clean, the meals well cooked and palatable, however plain. A new sunshine came into Jack's heart ; and he worked very hard in the shaft, hoping, praying, that he would strike the shinning reef the vision had promised him, if it were only to make this glorious woman and his friend wealthy, as they had deserved to be. The remembrance of Bertha still clung to him ; but every day it was growing fainter and fainter, and she was becoming to him like liis mother — a memory oi the past; dear, very dear, but gone for ever — a dream that had faded with the rosy light of early life. But it was not long before the darkness came, again. Grit continued to go down ; and several of the shareholders in the co- operative company lost their employment, and conld not pay their trifling calls. So, after a while, all relinquished the claim except Jack and WiUiani. The latter's income was very small, and it took all Emily's manage ment to make both ends meet. Besides, the claim in which WiUiam was engaged as mining manager was not gold-producing, and at any moment it might stop working. Still William kept Jack going, and the poor fellow did as much work as two men, on the apparently obscure hope that he would strike a rich reef. He did strike several spurs and one flat reef, but there was no gold in them. Th.e day we find him sitting on the bill discon ORIGINAL solately reviewing his past life, he had come upon a bar of sandstone, so hard that he despaired of getting through it with the appliances he had, especially as his powder was exhausted. So he had come up out of the shaft, and was thinking what to do. But bis cogitations afforded no relief; and when the sun had sunk behind the western lulls, and the ghastly colors of the wintry evening had faded into sombre gray, he walked down to the hut. The first thing he noticed was that Emily looked troubled. He had never seen her sad before. Under the most trying circumstances she had worn a cheerful face. ' What's the matter ?' asked Jack. Emily burst into tears. 'I have been to the butcher and grocer to-day,' she said, ' and they refused any more credit. So-^o, Jack, there isn't a morsel in the house.' Jack looked at her. She had become pale and thin ; and now the thought struck him tliftt, to give thoso who were doing heavy work a good share, she had starved herself. He felt as if he could there and then have taken a pistol, if one were handy, and shoot himself through the head. 'But don't take on. Jack,' said the good creature, 'I'll run to Mrs. Fogarty's and get some ; and WiUiam will be able to borrow some money.' ' No, Emily,' said Jack, ' I must go. I have been eating you out of house and home. It seems as if I were a curse wherever I go.' ' No, No,' pleaded Emily ; and she look hold of Ms hand. At that moment William appeared at the door. His face was dark and troubled, too. Jack and Emily looked at him, and despair took possession of them. ' ' I know you can see it in my face, ' ' said William , in a husky voice. ' It is just as you tliink ; the company stopped work to-day, because the bank came down and seized the property. They owe the men a fortnight's wages, andthereis no cliance of ever seeing a penny of it.' Emily sunk into a chair and sobbed. Presently a light came into her face. She went to the bedroom, and after being absent for a few minutes, returned. In her hand was a beantiful brooch. A fine diamond scintilated brilliantly in the firelight. ' WiUiam, go and pawn this,' she said. ' It was my dear father's present — the only valuable we have left; but if he were here he- would forgive me. Go and get some money for it, and let Jack and you give the claim a good trial.' ' No, no,' said Jack ; ' I must go away ; I will .not hear of this.' ' But you will,' said WiUiam, calmly. ' This is our last resource. Emily has freely given us the chance to retrieve our fortunes, and let no false deUcacy make you throw that chance away. She has done what you would, dear Jack, were you in her position.' Jack sat down. He could not speak. A great mist came over Ids eyes. WiUiam kissed his wife, and taking the jewel, hurried out into darkness. CHAPTER LL How evil is the world ! What vice and sin, Are to be found in its narrow house within ! In Flindcr's-Iane, Melbourne, are congregated the warehouses of Australia. Immense stucco or bluestone structures rise on each side of the narrow thoroughfare, forming a lane of almost palatial buildings, adorned with showy brass door plates, on which are engraved the names of the mighty firms who carry on business witliin. ' Straight is the gate, and narrow is the way,' said a great authority ; but in tliis instance the aphorism does not apply; the street is straight and narrow enough to aU conscience, but the ways of the merchants are crooked indeed. These gigantic buildings are the business places of those who deal in soft goods. The warehouse of Click, Clack & Sons, is one of the inost gigantic of these buildings but, like the goods that are sold witliin, it is all sham and pretence ; its friezes, and comics, and entablatures are simply a hoUow pretence of stucco. It is full of goods and deception ; employes — effeminate, womenlike men — flit about, attending to the numerous customers who are selecting goods. These employes, nice aU men who are in the drapery trade, or in trades akin to it, are too milk and waterish to yield us material. The proper place of man is the field, the engine-room, the -mine; and when he takes up the duties of a woman, he is out of liis element. Passing on, we come to the workshop, where a large number of pale, sickly women, very wearied in their looks, are engaged at their sewing machines, the noise of which vexes the passers-by ; for the sound of the sewing-machine is one of the most grating in the world. It speakes of hard tasks; of little mercy. The appearance of the women in that workroom bore full evidence of the truth of this. The fairer and younger portion looked fagged and weary ; and the way they kept glancing at the clock showed they devoutly wished six to strike. The older females presented the most miserable spectacle. Many of these women had faces from which the blessed light of hope seemed to havo faded for ever, to be replaced by the stony lineaments of despair. What had they in prospect to make life a desired boon ? A heavy family at home; — perhaps a drunken husband ; the only future one of work and ceaseless effort, to end at hist in a wretched death. That was the prospect: but perhaps the mercy of God hail ordained that this dreadful lookout was veiled from their eyes by some delusive picture painted by hope — the affection for a daughter, the trust tliat a loved son would cherish them in the days when they would become helpless. God has ordered it, that the human soul weaves for itself some curtain that shuts out the misery and want, the woe, and death that are to come. Amongst the crowd of wearied spiritless workers was one who could not have escaped the notice of the most superficial. Her plain print dress could not conceal the correct outline of her fomi — the nameless air of one who liad seen better days. Her face was pinched, and months of care had thrown a web of lines across it, still it was one of great beauty — not mere animal beauty, but that which teUs of a sonl witliin. There was not a girl in the workroom who did not know that this woman was beautiful ; but, strange to say, no one hated her. There was a loveableness about the woman : ail utter ignorance of her own beauty, a true naturalness, and a winning consideration for others that nipped bard thoughts in the bud. When a weary sempstress, aged by toil and sorrow, raised her eyes off the monster that was dragging her down day by day, it was only necessary for her to encounter the gentle face of this comrade, and receive a smile, to take a whole burden off her mind, and to infuse new energy into her soul. Few there who had been in difficulties, could look at tliis woman without remembering some land and 4 thoughtful action that was as balm to then- hearts. That woman was Bertha White. It seems superfluous to teU her story, for the reader wiU have guessed it. After she had finiUly rejected Jack, and, at the instance of her father, accepted Hector Machuiis, Ufe appeared wortliless to her. She knew well enough she could not bo happy without the man she had loved from her childhood. As she took in the situation in the loneliness of her chamber, and understood all the terrors of its surroundings, she lrecame appalled. What ? -join herself to a man she, at the very least, detested and feared. She felt that she would lie doing herself a great injustice, and destroying her future Ufe. Rather poverty and toil, than this. In a kind of delirium she wandered away from her homo, and took refuge in an obscure lodging. The storm that had been hoveling over Mr. White's head, burst very soon after tliat ; shortly after bis daughter departed. Obadiah Sweetoomfort had taken care of that before he wont back to Grit. Nothing, indeed, could have delayed it. His bills had been floating about until they had come to be looked upon as waste paper, and at last a creditor who held bundles of them, took steps to conipul sorily sequestrate liis estate. Need we say the creditor was Mr. Sweetcomfort's creature. Mr White implored Hector to save him; but when tliat gentleman learned that Bertha had flown, he declared his inability. Indeed Hector eould not have tided over the difficulty, had he been so inclined; it was of too great a magnitude. Deserted by his daughter, by tne world, Mr. White found himself a ruined man. He could not blame his child, for he now saw that she would have been, sacrificed for nought. So he returned to his house, at Toorak — his house no longer — a penniless,, broken- down man. The blow was too much foi him. He had seen liis wealth, acquired by hard industry and years of plodding calculation, melt away like the frost on the window panes when the morning sun shines, and now there was no spirit, in him. He was too old, too helpless, to begin the battle of Ufe anew. (To be continued.) ~t 