iTffiB'FISH AND FISHERIES OF NEW SOUTH WALES. By tho Rev. J. E. '' Tbnison- Woods, Jd.L.S., Vice-irresidenr. ot fchoXinnean Society of N. S. Wales, &c;, &c;, &c.; Sydney: Thomas Richards, Govern ment Printer. 1882. The want of a book like the present has been 'felt, since the Royal Commission on the Fisheries of N. S. Wales gave its report to tho world in 18S0. We must confess, however, that we hardly expected that it would come from the pen of the present author. For many years past Father Tenison- Woods is familiar to us as an [author of weight in geology, palaeontology, and botany. But we cannot remember that he has until now given us anything on the fish fauna of our colony. A perusal of the book itself will nevertheless prove to uio most; fastiaious uiac the work could not have fallen into abler hands. Wo have no doubt a greater authority on our fishes, in the person of the Hon. W. Macleay, and we will admit, too, that we have men better acquainted with tho practical side of the matter than Father Woods — as we lovo to call him. But have we one who is so thoroughly an accurate man of science, and who, at the eame time, is gifted with the pen of a ready writer — two qualities which it is saidjsoldom go together ? Accurate scientific work and an engaging style characterise in a marked degree the work before us. For men learned in ' fish lore' little is needed since the completion of Mr. Maeleay's ' Descriptive Catalogue of Australian Fishes,' which, however admirable in its way, must ever remain a sealed book to the many who lack either time or ability to g9 deeply into tho subject. The 'Fishand Fisheries of New South Wales, ' on the contrary, is meant to be simple and practical, '?' so that, not a word in it may be above the com prehension of those not specially trained to scientific phraseology.' In tho words of the author the work has boon undertaken with a two fold object. The firat is to givo a popular account of our useful fhhos to tho colonists, together with all that relatos to pisciculture and acclimatization, with a view to promote u, development of our fish raaourcee. Tha second object is to givo an account of old fish and fisheries such as will be required for the great Fish Exhibition of 1883. With this view all that relates to our laws, markets, and fisheries generally is given. A valuable feature in the work is that a very intelligible compendium of the elements of scientific classification is given in an introduction. By this means every fisherman of ordinary educa tion will bo able to gob the scientific namo of any species he may find. ThiB would seem but a small gain, but when it is known that under this namo can be found that all science has recorded about the fiab, its uses, habits, structure, and its place in nature, the gain of knowledge is great. The difficulties whifih hitherto rendered this al most irnpoaaiblo tiro reduced by Father Tenison Woods to a minimum. Once a few technicalities are mastered one cannot help reading page after page, so racy is tho style and so deftly are items of interest introduced. Nearly 100 pages are devoted to descriptions of the most useful of our food fishes. The whole work is rondered attractive and made more valuable for the general reader by the addition to the text of more than 40 plates, prepared from nature by one of the beautiful photo- mechanical processes. fcions cannot bo surpasSbd. From tho second chapter we take the following : — ' But of all the curious fuhes that ever were eoen Phi/llopteryxis the most extraordinary. It is the ghost of a soa-horse, with it's winding sheet all in ribbons around it. And eveji as a ghost it seams in tho very last stage of emaciation, literally all skin and grief. The process of development by which this fish attained to such a state must be the most miserable chapter in the history of 'natural selection.' If this be the * survival of the fittest,' it is easy to understand what has become of the rest. Natural selection must have inflicted upon tho family harder terms than those which wore imposed on Count Ugolino by his enemies. There is a good liko neas of one species in Giinther's Study of Fishep, p. G82. Never did tho fam ishiug spectres of the ancient mariner's experience present euch painful epoctacles. If these creatures bo horses, they must be the lineal descendants of thoso who were trained to live on nothing, but unfortunately perished ero the experiment had quite concluded. The odd thing about these utrango fishes is that their tattered cerements are like in shape and isolour to the sen-weed they frequent, so that they hide and feed with safety. Thus the long ends of ribs which seem to poke through the skin to «8xcite our compassion are really 'protective ^resemblances,1 and serve to allure the prey more effectually within reach of these awful ghouls. The Phyllopteryx is therefore in Bpite of his rags and emaciation an iinpoBtor,' and like many a sturdy human beggar puts on the aspect of misery more effectually to ply his trade. The appendages to the Bpineo are well worth a study. Just as tho leaf-insect is imitative of a leaf, and the staff insect of a twig, so here is a fiah like a bunch of sea- weed. If this is development, it slopped here only just in time. One step more and it would havo beon a bunch of kelp.' Tho description is indeed admirable, bufc tho compliment to evolution is doubtful — aB doubtful jts that of De Koninck the now (?) Niso from 5Taw, to the late Charles Darwin. - There are many other passages well worth (jjuoting, but we forbear as the book itself is ac cessible to all interested in the Bubject. Father Tenieon- Woods has done more thor- any rtther to popularise science in Australia. This, tiia latest work, is but a freBh effort in the axme .(liroction, and wo hope it will meet wih that jiharo of suecesB which is due for its 1 rilliant uithor, and which tho work itself undoubtedly deserves. 