?JRovetist. GRIT. A Story of tlio past and present; or oidi nary mon and ordinary things,' in ordi nary languago. BY DONALD CAMERON. AUTHOR 01' ' IN TUB l'OI.DS OtymiS KlSIUUSNl',' ' bll.VI IIWA1I U 111 MJ,' 1.10. ' ' Bo suio thy bin will inicl thco out.' II is a liouuliful lmliaf. V , ' 0 That o\oi lound om held Aio ho\ cung, on ungol wings, , Thospuilsof thodead CHAPTER XLII.— (Co.minuld). ' ' I said, Mon of Giit,'' continued Buna kiun willienngly. ' I nddiess them, nol the puppicb' (Chcoiis). ' Onpo Iatood on this srjot when llicic v\ab not a buck put up, and spoko lo thoubnndb. '1'lion I bogo.ii with ' Minus of Gut I' jos, minois, diggois; not a ciowd of half logucs, half countci-jumpcis. ,But they aie gone — the honest, sluidy mon of the pnsl;and Iain alone and debated, yes do .soiied, o\on by my own son.' *? 'lie's noh enough to keep you m bia'ndy,' tned someone. ' lie keeps himself in champagne,' eiied Bumikum, ' and allows mo to bUivo.' Ileio tevouil ened, ' Shame.' 'Nc\ei mmd old boy,' ened a.biokei, 'lmveimothei lumbla..'. . i i 'Wo diauk it out of pannikins in the old limes,' bmd Bunakum lcgiotfully .is ho look n Hip. 'But the old limes is gone, is ({one,' heio his ^ico became blmngely pln-vntrvc, ' and them as made then loilunc biieei at us old people.' A'ou think old White a big man, don't jou ' I louiemboi. the liinoiilicn ho was glad to beg a dampci off me. I do, and ho, holds hib head ,iniglily lngh now, and won't talk lo me, hi!- old fiicnd. Bui do you luiow wliy he won't' Beeaiibo his wifo liked me .i gie.il deal boltei tli-in hlio did him.' , Jack bt.nlcd. IIo had often h&ud; dubious btoncb about hib latlici and Mif,. White, and had ahvnyh been piu/led at the avcibion Whilo loll foi lilm. The mysteiy appealed uiu.ivellcd. - , 'Bul,inj own bon cast mo , off,' said Bunakum, bunging .ill hib old pathos lo beat ; 'him .ib 1 leaiod bo gontlo, as I undoiwont jpuvalion foi. Ahl men ol Gut, jou aio slave's to the vipci that cuts mlo my haul, ?fuel: Moldon, my son Jack. I ha\o lost my /jowei, oi when I'd laisc the shuck of Iieedo'iii as ill the old days, you'd buibt youi chains ;ind become ficc men. But lls all o\ei now. I don't belong to jou.' He passed his hands ovei hib eyes ns'if ho wcio tiying to cloai his vihion. -? ' No, no,'lio baid fathoiingly, ' I don't know , you,-uul you don't know mo. You'iObtiangcis, jou'io not the men I know. But thoy'io here ; jos.Ibeo thorn, using on e\eiysido. Old faces 1 fiovd luound mo; there's Joe, Ihcic's Long Jim, llieies' ITauy, yes, yes. Mineis of Giit, down with Hie man who luxuriates m llio camp, Uic legal tyrant who sits in hibsummci lioube while yoiiiaweltei, in lhc,sun. Getaway Janet; don'l como foi me bo boon. I didn't do it, woman I didn't do it. , Go, to llcoloi Macmnib, go lo him. ^Miiiom.ofjGnt, mincis of Gnl, fHM,a thu, old man— llio ^lng ,of Iieedom.' ' _, 1 Hoio, helpless ,andi di-t/y, he loltciod, and wouklhavo fallen, had not tho ciowd boon too t closely packed.'' Jack at onto pushed foiwaid, and told two men he, knew to cany Buuakuiii , to llie Ganyowcn, and obtain tho assistance iof ijvo doclois^foi' he saw that his fathci was n'Oiyill. ?' , ; The woids which had diopped fiom him, Snfipiicd Jack 'nilh an idea , that Bimakum ' jknow soinetliinvg 'of tho toniblo event that had itaken place yema^ago.. If bo, Jack would do , &]l in' hib powci, tb woim the .secicl out. And v ihen his levengo ,would come, i , \- , .-!.«, -plIAPTBIl' XLIII. ' \ 'TSlovon o'clock ; had como, and still the \ cipwcVwasigreiiter.lhan oyoi. Flushed and \ excited, thby had 'deserted the Busy Bee, and \wero''now congiegated m the Gnnjowen, 1 \o\ciy' inch of space being (died with the v1' -'maddened piowd Hespeius L\tonded con ' - turned, to lise, and no one appealed to know \l\\- tho mico they ?would ultimately command. ' 1 ObadiahSweotcoinfoitmovedaboutainongst 'no'ciowd, appaicutl} bujmg all lundb of , ?- ,t*'ek; but it .shuck homo of tho sinew debt , t ' Jbn in the assemblage that there was Iesn Mioulty in gelling any utock they required tUn usual. It was remarked, too, that l'Qnitoo's men had nil kinds of shares, and,' jillVnigh they did not oiler any, tho moment si l'\son nbKcd for stock, he' was .immediately -.o(«W to them. , ' wimtoe must have made a pretty penny this Wing,' said Jolliboy to Jack. 'He's mold Vaiibnnds upon thousands of shares, if he's fiV\ ono scrip.' „?« - ' JaV' said William Brown, a« they wore havinguiuicl (jlafi.s at ono of the tablna, for theio wiAio approaching the bars, ' what do you nay \VU begin to noil out all your stook. Vanoy thUjonnous sum you could realise?' Jack pWcied. Ho know well that if ho wcio lo iicll )ih iiiLpiciIm, ln- would lime a inagniiiceut(b.ilance .it his Imnk , 'It wouldn't do,' ho baid llioiightfullj ' Tho maikot is in such a feverish stale UiaL if they gotilhc Bhghtes t idea I was selling out shaii'H would fall lo nollung. I will do it, liowmor, but I must bo vpiy cautious. To jiionow -wo will begin tho ciusado, and let oui slock slide quielly. But if we^siiow om hand, nil will bo ovei. I will not hell HoHpoius In tended, howevei, until I ha\o taught Obadiah 'mid his crowd a lesson.' [ r ' Well,' baid William, ' I will lea\o ovoij llhing in yom hands, old fueiul. I must get homo now, so that I'll have a hi tie sleep, foi I slut foi Mclbourno to-nionow morning, Hint 'thing. 0, Jack, you can'l tell tho joy I feel at llio piospeot of meeting tho deal gnl fiom !wj[iom 1 piutcd so many yeais ago.' . . '! Yes 1 can, William,' said Jack, sadly, a moisLuio coming into Inn eyes, 'yes, lean. ?Go, William, go, and enjoy all the happiness youi haid sliuggles havo oainod.' ' I wibh you could bo happy, too,' said William, whobo honesl heart sympathised deeply with his fnond. ' Don't hpeak of it, don'l speak ot it,' baid Jnok, hastily. Aflci .shaking his hand, William went away. Jack .walked outof the bitfloi aling ciowd, and blood undei llio vciandah. The night hiwl changed. The sky was veiled in clouds out of whioh,lho vivid lightning played, and clap .ifloi clap of thundci pealed along the heavens. Jack shuddeied. It leniinded him ot tho awful night mid day when the liagcdy of his life, had been enacted. The ticcs shook, the wind tore madly aiound tho hotel, dnving tho doaleis in tsciip inside. As .Tack was look ing round, Ins eyes foil upon Obadmh Swcct comfoit. lie stood at the principal dooi as if wailing foi someone. Piesontly n cab diove up, and out of it came Sniggle Snickeis. A low conyoibation followed, and then the Iwo walked inside. 'Wh.it evil mu tlicic men hutching,1' usked .Tnclc ol himself , mid ho follow oil tan Smgglo Sniiikcm wns nnmedmtch Huiouniled l)j lliu nond, who mqtiucd how tlio Ilesiicnifl lAtcntlcd looked; but to then questions lie gave no ansnci Tho cioud thought tins stimigu , hut bli nugci .still apjicaicd Ins coiuluct IIo mndo Ins «nj 'ut onoo to homo of tlio ducctois, and, licfoio nmnv liiliiuto, Olmclmh nml tlio otlici ilncctoii left the loam, nmU jiunpnig into tho cab wcio liiiinul awav into tlio diulaicss 'What enn bo wiohr'' nsked e\ci\ono, with 111 ink faces In a timo of Midi ticmcndous excitement tlio slightest o\ont ga\o nso to tenor , ' Tlio lccf linn not lnolion uji?' nskcil ono. ' Some accident,' said anothci ' Wlmt can it bo ?' wns tlio gcucinl choiiin Jiibl then the gaslight was puled liy a ilftbh of c\ttaoidniiu\ liiilhauco, aiul then followed a pcnl of thuiiilu that hhook tho Inuklmg to its founda tion. , CILU'TEIl XLI\'. All helling ami lmjiiig censed nt onio. Tho nssciiililugo clouded around Jack, on whom all mm leaned l'oi a tune ho did not aiibnoL them Hib mmd was too linby with othci thouglils. 'J'lus- SLUio lcmnidcil him of that tcinble ono when a colonel's jmy hat to oiiquuo into Ins moUioi's muidci , The teuoi stnclicn fncci, tho glmbtly light of gas mill clcchicity continued, tlioiush mid 10 ii of tho lemiiest.oiitsido, nil In ought hack llio pictiuo fo indelibly fit. mined upon Ins brain. ' It is nothing,' ho exclaimed at lust ; 'onlj somo iloilgo of thociowtliev lin\o]nitni tho Ilespoiiis Extended 'manngoment Thov wnut to buv moio slinics, and will lcsoit to homo maim uvio foi that puinoso , If jou nio nfinid, I will tako o\ci\ Jlcipcius Extondcd hIiiuo m tins loom.' A few minutes before thov would, in then be wildeiment andfcai, bnvo sold tho slimes to him at anj puce almost Now, the moment thev he ud linn spenk in that way, then niituial giecd letiuncd, and they nt onco named cxtia\agant pin or. ' ' 'Theio is something wiong,' said l'cnnitoc, who had now sold out all Olindiah's stock, anil whoso pockets woro ihstendcu with cheques and bido notes 'Some one lmd liettci go out mid see.',', i i' I w ill gij,' haul Jack. i Tho ciow'd nccomimmod him to the dooi, hut tho heico, element il, tcnijicst dioiu them luck quickly Tho inn wns dcsccndiiig m toncnts, tho wind wiib h(llo«ing and loiuing, nml lightning iiftci lightning illumined the pitch} daikncss. ' ' Don't go,' smil Jolhbov ' Gooil God I tho night is fun fill. \ No cabman can dine )ou out ' Tho dm cis .wcio congiegated , undci the vci.uidah ; ,' t 'Is thcic a mini hcio gnmo cnnugli to dine mo to the ltcspeius Jlxtcnded I' asked Jack, in a voico cnsilyhcaid iiboio tlio elcnieiitnl dm ' li\o lioundb foi him I' ' 'I'll do it,' oucil a hold looking fellow ' 'Whoio'sjmu cab?' asked Jnck ' 'Hue,' was thu icjiIj , and in n low minutes the vehicle wns being din en lui'lho hticct Tho hoi so wns a hold and stiong animal; but tho tcinble deluge of lam that tho wind bent into his ojes, and tho liiccsbiiul Hashes of liquid iiie, nlmrist nnddened him But tho duvci held the lcms tightlj, nml, knonnig the innd to n stone, ho gmded the house without flinching In hhcei ten oi the animal shot along as if miming a nice with death In less than lifted! minutes the cunei mow mm up, lcoiang wun loam, ami quivenni? close to Uro limcmnuy of tlio llEspenib Jlxtcndcd But foi tho lues winch gleamed nuldilj into tho dm kni'ss, no ono could linvoiccog nibcd the spot, as tlio tenihc atmosphciical combat diowncd tho clntlci of the stampeih In a few minutes Jnck stood at tho slutt Olmdinh'nud tho dura Kirs wrio also thcic 'Ha! Jn. Moldon,' hind Obndinh with a sncei, 'hi»o jou como,' too' l'oihapsits asuell, foi jou havo ns gicnt a loss to beai as any of us,' 'Whit do jou moan?' abkcil Jack, licicclj. 'Why, that tho icef has biokcu np,' was llio cutting ioply. ' ijv Jack nlniost guvo u ciy, but gnlpnig it down, ho staled full nt tho man. Obiidiah did not quail ' That's a d— d ho,' fi.ud Jack ' Go and see,' lotmted Obndinli Jack hteiiiicd into the cage, and was soon bojotid the hound of the tliuudci. Tho tiaiibitinu fiom tlio l ush mid l om aboi o to the qiuol mid stillness holnw , ?wns btiaugc It seemed like going outof the ueiuj woild into the giavo Tho captain of the shift took him along tho drivo, and Jack, taking a caudle, oxamiued tlio icof Theio could bo no doubt about it ; tho lode had hrokeii oil abuiplly, oi lnthci come to a uatuial tcimuia tion. Jack was a thoiougli liunci, and a vcij laicf examination bulhccil to show liuntliilttliollcfcpeiils Fxtendcd lmd been its best dnvs bofm us this icef wns concerned Af'tlio'liost, liut ulioutfour dividends could bo obtained from it: Jack stood still when the awful fact dawned upon liis mind. Ho saw at onco that ruin, irroparalilo ruin, was his. Tho shares would fall to ns muiiy lienco ns thoy woro pounds now. His fnco grow white, Ins hands douched This wns Obuliali's loienge Standing tbcio with tho men gioupcd aiound him, the lvholo ot his past lifo camo buck to him, and ho lcmcinbercd tho htinngo usion ho had seen whon imprisoned in tlmt stony fortress. Thou ho realised tho enormous fortune that ho had lost. Ills Irani t almost stopped. Jj\ oi j thing w ns lost — gone ! Not jot 1 i'eihnps ho lonld pci.smulo these lion men on tho .surface to delay tho publication of the news until ho could snvo oven n tithe of tho fortune ho bad lost. Wlmt if thoy bad worked the reef so ns to lead him astray? Again ho examined it in tho hope Hint it had been tampered with. No 1 Ho know too much of reefs to cherish tho slightest hopo. Thpn Jnck gnvo wny. With n fniut cry ho sank to tho ground. TlinminnvE .lnuitml ermin i-nld u-ntnr nrnr liic fiw-o and whon ho hurt aumcienUy rccovercil, ho wiib put in the cago mid brought to tho surfneo. Tho sight of Olmdiiih nml bis jmrty, who had gathered in tlio oilico for sholter, infuriated him. Ho had guno down a stiong, haiidsomo man ; ho ciiino up years older, his fnco pinched and ghastly. Obndinh fairly sniggered with delight. ' Poor Mr. Mclilon,' ho said in n hiirsh and mocking tono ; ' it is too much for you. But wo all sillier.' 'It's a lio; n damned lie,' cried Jnck, nil his strength coming bnck to him; 'you don't hold a share in tho compnny. Oh, my God I How I havo been deceived.' Olradkh smiled demoniacally. It was very nearly his last smile. Jack sprang at him like a tiger, and dealt him a blow, I bat hi id him along tho ^mimcl a- if dead. Nor would there havo been any doubt in tlio matter had not some brawny miners seized Jack and held him A tunblo Hash of lightning lcvcnlcd tho sliuugo table ins. Jack held buck by the niinerii, Ins faro ablaze with pnssion , Obidiah ljing white acoipso on the floor, while tlio other directors stood by with n dim faces When Ohndmh (ami) to himself, ho glaicd at Jnek like a wild animal, and then hurst nut into mocking laughtei. ' Oood, Mi. Meldon ; this is not tho lust blow 1 got from you ; but I forgive you nil, forl'vo bad my loiougo. You'u) lout mhu fnituno; j'a'u'vo loht lieithu; jim'io lost nil' The directors, cmnmohmtdmg that all this might end in miudei, boio Olradiah away, and, putting him into a cab, ihovo oil. Thoy wcio soon followed by Jiu k, who bail again collapsed Ju tnm bo tucd lo think of Mime scheme to sn\o pni t of lux foi turn) None mchoulul itself. Tlio, only hope was that otbci shines would not dopicclato to an alaimmg extent JJut, alas, ho know what a inining panic wns I ' CHAl'TJOn,XIiV. . Tluougli the stoim and tain llio cab diovo on until this lights of llio city wcio amnoichcd Then, -lion o\ oi, tho hoise gave one in two wild plunges, mid diopped dead mill exciteinout, ovei woilc, nml ten oi Jack spiang!oul mid walked lapidlj Uiiough tho blinding lam lo llio Garry owou .Obadiah mid hispmlywno llieio bcfoic bun. As Jaik entoicd, ouo glance sulhccd to toll him that tho blow had bcou struck J^veiy faco wns white with fieu/icd, appioheiihioii. A msli was niado at him. 'Will jou buy any, Hespeius Extended?' asked all m choi us. Jnck hesitated. , ' 'I'll sell you 1000 foi CIO a slime,' died 'I'll sell jou 1000 foi JL7 10s ,'' smd nuoUioi. ''I'll guo von 1000 foi £:-,' waslhoollci ot a thud. Jack turned awny di//y and exhausted Ho was hko the cnminal who, aftci the lirst fow stiokes, feels no moio. ' 'Oh! Jnck,' hmd Joe Jolliboy, ' this won't do. Ohndmh mid bis lot enmo in mid told us tho reef lind biokon up Is it ti uo ?' , ' 'J'oo ti no, too tiuo,' smd Jack, with a gionn. 'Then wo'ieinmcd,' hind Joe 'Wo'vo lived hko giasshoppeis, mid now llio w intei's como, whcio aio we to lmd a lino wbcio the bees will ho gciicious enough togno us a diop of honey until thu sunuuci comes again I Stock is falling hko leaves What's to bo done?' Jnck said nothing. Ho leaned against a pdlai, and watched tlio stiango pnnoiama that passed hefoio him. Jlon lushed hitbci and tluthei in ft mtic haste, olleting bhaies that no ono would buy. Tho puces lust named liipidlv camo down, until stock that had been olleied at £5 when ho enmo into llio loom wont begging foi !is 'It's nil madness,' said Jnck 'Tomonow moinuig thcv'll iceovcL then senses, and stock will use again. Uccauso thollcspcius Extended iccf has given out, is that any H'ason othci mines aio valueless I They'll bo sobci to mouow.' Smvoving UiOjCiond with a look of lntcnso satisfaction, i\\[i Obadiah Swcctcomfoit quietly smoked a cigm No ono could tell how pioud and bnppy ho fell nb ho lcllcotcd Hint he, of nil these men, wns llio wisest IIo felt hko the man in scniitmo who hid limit his house on tho lock, mid hitting tboioin all snug with a bught Ino hm mug on tho health, watched all bis neighbor's bouses, which weio built on tho sand, succumbing to the flood. Now mid then Obalnah would tako tlio cigm out of bis mouth, spit, and onjoj a quiet chuckle ^ CHAPTER XLVI. Anmlht tho dm of voices, the roai of llio tliuudci , mid tho beating of tlio lam, n touiblo scioam wns hcud' All coineisiition ecu'bcd, and tho ciowd saw at tho dooi a mnu mid a woman, dicuehcd mid dishoicllod Jnck nt onco hnw that tho mnu wns Ins fnthci. His ojes weio stalling out of bis bend, hib faco was Hushed, and theio was a wild ness about bis aspect Hint lemmded ono of a sa\ngo beast Tho woman pu//lcd bun foi a fow moments ; hut ho soon lecogniscd bei as Hectoi's wife His hc.ut heat with btiungo Bntisf.ietion. It was the only gleam of light that had fnllon upon him hineo ho lmd bcnid his doom pionoiinccd In Ucithi 'Sim-!0 Hint woiiinn,' cued Obndinh Swcct comfoit) who w.is now nil nttention 'Good bun ens I' said ho to himself ; 'this is too much luck altogctbi i. l'ciliaps tho I'atcs aie picpaung bomctbnigovil' I But hih cogitations woio stopped shoit. With an cldutch fceiccch tho woman disappeaied ; and although a pohccmnn, who blood lie* the dooi, made n frantic elloit In seize hci, sho wns boon out of lus leach in tho gloom. liut Buunkiuu did not hlu Glniiug on llio crowd bo blood theio hko a baleful statue ' , 'Demons of Gut,' hooiiul; inn clacked, jet leinblo voice 'Tho last dny of judgement is como You hem tbo tliuudci, jouseo the light ning, jou listen to tbo mill ; but this is not tliuiidu.itislhccaiinonof tbo Eternal Aildleiy that is mcilliioning tbo woild Theso aio not lightnings — tboj aio the douls thai bin o como in fno to lakoj on to judgment Tliatisnol linn— il is the biunstono that is lo destioy tho woild You luuo neglected tho old man ; j on lino sneeied at him ; and now tho dnj of w lath is at hand 1 Ua 1 How tbo demons laugh and i attic then chains in moekeiy. Como 1' Although eioijono thciekuow tbo ninn, jel his woiils liispncd the, most supoislilious uwo As if to conhim his woids a leinblo Hash of lightning illuminated tho hall, followed bj a ticmendous clap of tlmiidoi Hint shook tho cm Hi lo its foundations ' Gut ib fallen,' cued tho maniac, in uncnilhlj limes ; ' Gut, Hie Gicit, is fallen, ami tho dnj of veiigenneo is nt lmnd Tho demons of Di ink and Gold me heio to (bum then \ lctini ., mid tako them lo uvcilnstiugfuol' Hcio ho became ns it weio paialyscd. His faco blanched, his ojes stinted fiom then sockets, and ho put foi Hi his hands ns if to aveit something 'Awny! nwny! woman,' ho cued, 'I am not join uuudcici; I novel touched jou. Away, woman 1 Janet, ask join son whj ho has not avenged jou Go to llcetoi Macmms; call bun to account 0, God! keep hci fiom mo. Hido me, hide mo, in tho deepest shaft of Gut ' Uttcuug an awful scieam, ho clapped hib bauds to his cms, and rushed out into tbo pitchy daikncsb. ' ' ' ' CHAPTER XLVH. It was somo timo liefoio tbo pcoplo in thoGanj owen iceovcrcd themselves; but the mamciit thay did,thoj madoiiiushfoi thobai, anddiankdecpl). This was, it bcemed to bo, a niglit of houois Theio wcio two disappointed mon in tbo ciowd, Jack mid Ohndinb. Jack had thought his fnthci safe, but ovidoutlv tho dolirium bad como unon bun, and ho had csenped. Ohidinh knew that Prudence w in, lost to him that night ; but ho hoped to ste hci cnptuicd next dnj. Tho storm nt last nb itcd in somo dcgico, but the oxcitomont was so great that fow cured to go to sleep Hint night. Obndinh, howovcr, full of satisfied ravaiigo, wont homo to sleep mid dream of a yet gicateL hucccbs, lus hank hnlauce ctmtimmltj standing out in letters of lire in his dreams Morning nt hist' dawned, revealing n crowd of biggnred men, standing round the ilillcient bais, their oyes red with want of sleep. A benutiful morning it was too. The sun rose in a bright, cloudless skj— the mi denied bv tho tempest of tho night, wns sweet and bracing— tho dew sliono in diamond drops upon tlio grass, and the birds in tho woods sang joyfully. ButJorthopeopleof Gritthero wns no gbulncKs, and heavy tidings ranched all other parts of llio land as soon ns tho telegraph wires began to work. Never, in the history of Victoria, lmd there been so torribln n crush. In every city, groups wero gathered together discussing tho terrible ovont. Fnces grow dark', as thoughts of rnincd fortunes, lost homes and happiness, Unshed through troubled minds. It was n dny never to bo forgotten— a day fraught with misery to many and ninny n human heart. Numbers ' had been so deceived by tho oxcitenioiit, that thoy bad invested their nil in tho great gambling scrips of Grit. Now the earnings of years woro scattered to tho winds, and thoy would have to retrnuo their stops, and become workers again. Almost all Grit wns gathered under tho Busy Hoc nt an early hour. Tho panic ro-comraonccd, and soon prices fell to nothing. Indeed, no ono would buy anything; if ouo oll'orcd a sovereign for sale, ho would only get His. Ud. for it, so torriblo was Iho blow. Hundreds nought tbo Hesperus Extended, hut Micro oven greater distress awaited them. Few failed to remark tho strange bobnyiour of Snigglo Snickers, who smiled a gbnstly smilo ns li.lloi nfki Msitoi mqmiid niixmll Ij whit wen ihopiohpcUsol tbo mine But oven in sin b limes pool pi fl\ human nnlmi assiMlcd itst'lf Whin .link iimi mil Ihcin wns a low iiimniuiing Thohssu f i - nlmosl fin got then Min own, in lliu iiiiisulingfiu t (hat tin- gn il mnu of Tint would Bonn be nspooi us thiinsclus And vi t how gi ncious tho voiiiik m m h id hi i'o Hut Jnek liiiMlcdUiPiii not Uo w llltnel ntinight on lo the Obsiuinil Bank, whiio ho knew his fulo lay. if Mr. Keonnmn would sujiport him, nil might ji I go wi 11 bei nig what Ta. k had done foi him, suiely in his gieit houi (if tiihulntiou ho would giant homo help 'Whin Jink cnteicd, ho noticed that Oliaduh lmd juil como out of tin mium.'Pr's loom This looked ill Kecnmiui nskfd Jack to bo 1 1 nted, mid said ho would ho bark in n moment. On tho tnblo lny tho flrilli) Gulli/ Tiumprl Jnek Rlnninl mei it In dniil bis mmd while pi epai ing fni (ho gn il liattlo thiil was to docidu his fato. liiiakiitg nt tho Melbourne lelcgiaphic nuws, lo sec if theip w is nuj thing in it about the paini, bis e\o i night tho following pnrnginphs1 — 'Jt wns lumoiod Into this nftci noon Hint ono of our merchants, once a wealthy qumi/ nuuci at (Jut, is on the bunk of insolvent j Tho liabilities mo .stated to bo immense ' ' This ( \ clung, i oiihidcrable eonstci nation wns caused al Tooralt, by a rumor Hint the daughter of a wonltlij citi/cn, Mi. White, bad disappcaicd Tho detectives no now on tho seal eh ' Jack clasped his hands Ho could not think how all tins would end Had Ijcillia, m despan, committed muudu ' A little moiu, and his lciison would gnounnj t - ' Kcnnmiu eamo in,, and taking nut a lugo satchel, begin to tin n o\ei hills of oxclxingc, now and then glancing fin In el) at Jack , 'II is no uso boating about llio bush, III. lvcminnu,' hmd Jack, ni lust, in hheci despot ,itiim;-'t have como lo ask jou to cnuy mo tluougli this panic.' 'Impossible,' Mild Koonnian, stillly; 'I nm tclcgiapbcd nibti uctious to ib aw m all cicdits at onco.' ', i , t i And bo showed lo Jack a telegram fiom Mel bourne Jack gioaned. ' How is my account t' ho nsked ']j\oivthnig has been di.iwn out this inoiiiing to within n fow pounds,' smd Kconumu. 'lloio's this bcnp,' Bind Jncky taking out n bulky book ,' No thank jon,' biiil Kcciiinnn. 'Considci what I did foi jou, 3H Keeumau. I m.ido join fortune,' hmd Jnck despan mgly. 'I will coiihidoi mjsolf lust,' wns tho hcnitlcss lojilj'. 'Ah, jou wnnt me, Jones,' ho continued, ns a clcik camo to llio doni ' Good morning Hi Moldon Blight wcalhei uisu'tit, nftci lnst night's fctmm ?' Jnck looked nt the man ns if ho could Inno swallowed him thcic mid then But the impel tuib ablo niiinagcr, returned his glance without quniling, and walked out. Jack stood on tho steps of the Obsciiunl Bank and looked out into tho citj, a pool oi man than cvci ho bad been, with a tcuiblo loud of debt upon him Himself penniless, bis fnthei innd — lusdmling disnppcnicd, pcibnps dond — lus ciionucs tuuinphniit, ono lich hejoud account, tho othei fniuoiis — lus molhci 's w ings iiuin cnged Tho blow wns too bc.ivj. Tho joiing man fell to the pavement insensible Whcicw.isthosluning iccf / z ? / CHAPTER XLVHI 'Vengcmico is niiiio ; I will lepaj.' i Though clouds and stoims, and dnikncss dun , Tho jenis Hint should he blight ; Unfading tuist, and lean on Him \ Whoso migbtj hand bungs light And all the diapen of woe, That veiled om life m gloom, Shall vmubh in hope's heavenly glow ; And sin w ill mccl its doom 0 1 blessed fact ; to thmk Hint God Keeps leeord of om tc irs, And that ailliction's hcai j lod, t Us to Hun moio endcnis ; Thatwonrj jeais of giiefrnud limn Aie but tho poitals ginnd, Thnt lend to fiitmo joj and gam, And to tbo Happy Land ' Tbo pnst, the stoiuaud bolemu past, With its accusing eves, Looks nut upon legict and shame, And Guef Hut no\ci dies. Tho cold mid checilcss sun of wintci wns setting, llliiinuung the western sines with npalo Hush, hko that which paints the, check of a coiibumptivo imnlid, who feels hcisonlj a hm don to tho woild, and desucb to hide himself lit tho giavc Tlio fow clouds that stiaggled about tho skj, oi hovoicd aimlcsslj ovci the lionzon, weic tinged with chill, grcj,.md coipsc hlio hues that made ono hlmei ,A hcaicbing wind was blowing.fiom Iho boulh mei a dieaij exp.niso ot countij, deadened bv the eternal dmgj gums, except whcio tbo muddj cilj of Grit and its desolate oxpauso of haic cnuutiy and uncouth slicuts founcd a soil of blot It wni- a landheajio that would make c\en n MmK Tnpley Jrol nn nicliuntioii townids suicide That gioat fe.ltiuo which gives so much hfo lo a scene, that nispiics hopo and speaks of lionii mid baivcst mid comfoit, ngucultiuc, wns absent, and a httangCL, dioiiping uiipicp tied upon Hie spot, would havo liuscd his hands, and wondeied how any living soul could Ino thcic, ami would huuj away ns fiom a laud of stiuwitinn. In full'iiccoul with that desolato peeno and its suuouudings, wns tho soul of Jnck, ns ho hat on Iho biow of .i lull Hint commanded a mow of Gut and its smiouudings — tbo vcij lull upon which wo hut mndo his ucnunmtaiicc ,Tbo bill vsab ono of tboso bnio sandstone uilges, cpvcicd heio and there with mbbly ([111111/ Hut abound in miiuugceiities ClosotoJnekwns a shaft with the usual concomitant of heaps of stone* that bad bcou dug oi blasted out of tlio depths, mid a hinall w ind lnss Hint looked ns if it wns nlwajs expecting romethiug, ami was cvci disajipoiutcd In llio gully w.is a lumiblo lint, founcd out of tin, balk, wood, and all soi ts of mcoiiRi nous niatei nils, and so find in appeal ance, that m nil piobnbihtj tbo next blast would blow it away. It added to the dcbpnu Hint the whole lnndsinpo appealed to ci cute The man w bo could w llhsttvml Iho dojn es sing lnlluoneeb of caitb and sltj that day 'would bo a hopeful moital With his head sunk down almost to bis knees, Jack was thinking. A pnuoimiin _wns pushing tluougli lus mmd Hint shut out tbo dicaij, lull scene. Ho wns much nlteicd His fneo hnd bo como pinched, null old and uuowom, tho limbs sluiiukcii, and a Muck, uiicucd foi heard, made him look wild nnd iceklcss. Theio was little m Jum now lo lemind lib of Hie boy, oi tho mnu of JO1O i' - Thinking! Of what ? Of tho past Phantom mmy after phantom army of memories liled bcfoio him in ol doily auay, mocking ami accusing, until lus hcnit in very anguish nlmost censed to beat Fiom these spectics wo will leant his lustoiy bineo wo saw lum lnst limn could nothavo been moio complete than Hint which 'had fallen upon .hick I'm tune hnd cloMited him to nn almost dn//hng pinunelo of success, oulj to dash bun don n to tho lowest pit of nhnsoinont. l'or a whilo, indeed, Jack hnrdly re ah/ed Ins position ; ho thought tbo lido would suieh turn. . . But it did not, and three months after tho collapse Jnck was without a shilling. Tboso few friends who remained' constant, hnd themselves become impoverished by tbo general calamity ; nnd tboso who hnd weathered the storm, and were snfo in the anchorage of a good bunking account, rcso lutclj closed then cms and tliou pluses. These men, indeed, looked upon overyouo who hnd fallen, ns tbo vii tuns of then own follj. When thoj met Jnck thoy would talui him pntronisingly by the bund, nnd snj', ' Well, .Tuck, ynu'vo lost n great chance, but jou know it's yim own fault, if jou hnd not been so cureless, you would hs a rich mnu now ' It was vnin lo givo Uioin imy other reason foi Ins downfall. And when Jnck nsked them foi temporary assistance, they shook thoir bonds and 'drew in their horns, niotaphoricnlly, saj'iug that it was as much as they could do to tide ovor tbo disaster. Thou Ihoy would go amongst their ncnunintnnciia and preach about Jack, in reality extolling thoir own prudence nnd foresight. Thoro is Phnrnsnism in worldly, ns woll us in religious lifo. Grit had suflbred n torriblo blow, nnd with it tho wholo of tbo colony. Thoro weio n fow who hnd money, nnd Btill lower who had credit, who hnd not dabbled in scrip ; consequently when that security became worthless, and culls heavy, insolvencies followed in quick succession. Men's hearts died within Hieni. They discovered Hint their gold hnd bpconio liko thnt in the fnble.whiub turned to nsbes of dried leaves, their vnluiiblo claims chnnged to worthless plots of ground, over so many yards nwny from tho lino of reef, and, ngricultiirnlly-spenking, not lit to grow n bend of cnbbago. Tho yield of gold from Clrit decreased with oxtrnordinnry sud denness, mid on every side there wero prophecies thnt tho precious metal would soon fail altogether. This sot all tbo political economists going, nnd ouo after another, they found out that gold mining was mined on at In s in,l thai if matters did not (han^.guuoial msolu m v would result, and Grit Ihioiik i wildiiness of lues, mid Melbourne u milled vill in- Hut tin 1 ugo number of thinking nun ucvd uimml in tb, ir opinion that gold mining wns in its infancy, and that ern long tho c loud would In lifli d, nnd d lit proved to ho richer Hum evet And, nltlinugh beggared, nml knowing not wlmro to got another meal, Jnck wns ouo or these. Ho hud studied llio past of Grit, nnd was lumlj romimcd that in its Ihisoiu there wns con tained a treasure a thousand fold greater than hnd oii'i heon citincted But for the present, it wns nllafinimcidofiHsllohim It inn tbo confessed when misfortune cmno thick nnd fust upon Jack, his mind, to a degree, gave; wnv , and lli he. imo n ( kli ss, socking in a baneful lethc, to forgot his troubles— of cnurao ho did wiong; but who is to stnnd in judgment on us when we loso even thing Hint is worth living for? Can tluu ho iinngiiu d anything more titniblo than a sudden fall fiom wi iltb and happiness to pnverky nnd misery ? It is liko toppling from tho summit of a high mountain, up which wo have climbed bv we u j mid tedious steps, into tho slimy ditch at its foot. Wo view tho tcrriblo distance, nnd high that wo havo to 1 ibnr up to tho (bizzling cininciico anew Tho fable of Sisvphus, ordered to ( vcrlnstingly roll up tho moiintniu n stono which tumbled to tbo fool tbo moment, it ueared tbo top, must hnvo bcon suggested to tho poet by such a fate And when Jai k, soberly nnd calmly looked into tbo future, it seemi'd impossible for him to o\ci l eg un whit he hurt lost. Ho hart no nionoy, no friends, nnd ho knew only one wny of getting a living, bj lotiiiiiiiig lo his old occupation ns n niinei, to do which, howns somowbntinenpneitnted bj tho luxuilous nnd uiegulnr lifo he bad led. But tbcio wns u rtccpu sin row tlinu this. How could ho retrieve what bo bad lost— the lovo of thnt puro mid beautiful girl, who wns to him more than lifo itself? Sho hurt fndod from bis vision for over. Tbo piijMirs told him the stray Hint Mr. White hnd gono lusoKontfoi n vci v l.ugo amount ; but no ouo :know:wlint had become of him or Bertha ; indeed, tbo lattei hnd no\ci been heard of by Iho pcoplo of Oiit,~sineo tlio pmaginph liad appeared, stnting that she hnd dcseitcd hu fatlior's homo at Tonrnk. How could be, without a faithing, find her out? The snmo desolating wave that hnd borno Jnck down to tho dust lmd been quite ns hard on William ; nnd pcibnps m ninny regards, his wns a woiso case lie had sent foi-tho lovo of bis early joutb, Emily ; and tho very dny of tho crash sho hnd arrived in Hobson's liny. Her lover, who hnd wutlcn to hci thnt ho w is wealthy, mot hor when the gicnt ensis hnd mndo him a poor man. But Knulj was a noble gnl; she hnd waited for him foi ninny long jenrs, although willing to .ninny, even nn tho means ho tbon possessed; and sho would not now turn hack. So thoy wero married, mid Wilhnm biougbt his bndo homo to lind tliitt bo hnd not ns many pence ns onco ho possessed pounds. But tho presence of bis lioblo nnd b'nutiful wife sticugthoned bun. When ho married her his fortunes wore wrecked. IIo nt onco took a situation us mining manager, at a ' somewhat small snlnij, and, cheered by bis dovplcd wifo, bo went to work to build up a competency for hci sake. Aftei all a man never loses by marry ing, if bis ptatnci is a good woman ; for sho nerves him up to tasks of which, a bachelor would not dream, for ho bus not tho name 'incentive Lmdy ncvci complnined of tho'diflereuce botweon what sho was led Lo expect and tho reality. She took the world us it camo, and bravely resolved to fight at liu Imbband'b udc to tho death. Such is tho tiuo womrin. Would wo bnd moro of them! ..':'? ! '. , William know veiy woll Jack's position ; but tho piond joung fellow would not for somo timo ho pereuaded to go and stay w ltb bis only true friend— the sole fuond who lcinnuicdns constant when tho night bad fallen and tbo storm lmd risen as whon tbo sun wns shining mid tho sky was. unclouded. Jack was lcdiiccd to tbo extremity of sleeping '6ut: in tbo paik, aloug'whicli a few months beforo bo bnd di n en , in his hnudsomo carriage. '. ??'??, Hnd : he been less honest, less pioud, this would not havo happened, foi ho roiild bnv o saved something from the wicck — cnougbj nflenst, to cnnblo.liim to innko a still t somewhero else.- But , Jnck wns honest, stem]} honest, nnd paid bis creditors to 'the last hbilling bo hnd But Hint didn't satisfy tliouu, Thoso who bnd' como off worst, bouig;in'nt;tho dcilb, vilincd.bim tothoir heart's content, called bun bwindlci, I rogue, rufliiiu, nnd so 'forth; iaild deeply lcgiettc'd: Hint,, owing to .the .laws. of. a foolish enuntij, Ihoj could not put him 'on, tho. 10 ids. At fust tbcj thought tbnt lib.bad.spcrotcd; homo of lus vvcnltli;',tlioj',couldnqt belioyoitbnt'.it', had nil boon swallowed up ;'biit wlieii(tliOy*snw': him going nbout with a lngged'conti' mid? dcliipi dalcrt lint, and know that ho could hot get .credit foi aincil, then thoy lOjoieediri'Hioir.benrfsVHint; vengeance bnd ovoitnkcn lum,iaiid^yeiit:'tp.tbeir; cluuclicb aiid''Uwultid\:'Qbd:Mio';Iia^-icamo^iip^ low. fHi?$£ti4-lvi!i\i-' £??'??? Pool Jick! WitlMilinthtrnngo'cbmpnny.liobc-. enmo ncqumnted now Hb-'hnd \to.gb:!to.3 tbo lowest lcstntuunts and, holuIS|,:plncqs^,wberpt|tlj6'. ldtb of tho town swmnicd, tlicrp;toiayius' weary held ; foi bo had no mouoj or ciediti -Ho'liaidlj'' cvci mined about in tbodaj timonow.'i.'His'Bpint, and liidepciulonco apjicaied to hnvo djed'vyithuij him ; mid ho slunk upwind idown'jtho 'streets' hi tlio night, nfinid to'oncbuntortlibsb.wbom- lidkriowjiu' betlct dnjs. Ho would havo.goho:tqiwork-jas:;a miiici, bill ho could get, nono; for the first ell'cct of' the cuibh lmdbccii the stbppigg' of rii.largo numhci of tlio I unproductivo'.inincSTT-thp slinro-; boldcis rofiising to: pay,;calls.;v:Sq'grent ,wns tlio' picssuio that fully, 3000 miners '-.found thoinsolvos1 out of woik.v ' ' Cnn 'Jack's1 liiiniilintioii', bb:-.'dos-; cubed, vvlioii lib whsix'fHsed^vybrk''bverrnnd'6yef ngniii bj tho very luon'whomrboibnd appointed liiimng managers ?..-Somo: of: tboinoxultcd- over. Ins full ; but liiniiy ..would'ihnvo.giveniwbrkiif it wcio possible, which it wns not, /.ns;oyery billot 'in pioipcct was piomiscd monnis;;abead;.-i::Ho;':bnd;; nothing to do except to' wandor about tlibjistrcbts'; and stano, uiiless bo choso to'Hirbwjbmlsolf uiibi'l; William, and lus lialmo iccoUcil*at that.'j.So,' f i am daj lo dnj ho fell linvcr'aiid' lower, ?lintil. at': last ho wascoinpollcdto'sle'opiailoncly'milp in Hib' paik, along with homo otbei poor outcasts.; vv^' -.'X'/; CHAPTER \LX^$j^^:S^ Ono night, 'cold, liungrj', aiul-riiisdrnblbi^Jncfc hat on tbo lull m tho paik^tliat'facedtlibiiriuciptti sticcl of Gut It was Sntuidny. jiigbti viBoiientlv in tho shndoivs,1 wnlkedlovoi's, .coiiyorsing'iii low' tones, plnnnnig;.thb' future: which' wns tp:bb-W plcatant; oiijojiug then libeling hour of . biippi ncss, lcgmdlcss of \tlio tcrriblo f iiturb of pain that was in stoio. In the sheet, tho glare of gas lit up n eiowd Hint wns only tho pbnntom of tho vnst nimj Hint a fow months beforo moved and bad, then being there.1 Tho Biisy Boo was tbo ghost of itsolf, sin jniinded by a few spectral figures, broken' down biokcrs, insolvent speculators, and money loss lonforb. Whs it nil ndrenm? In tho hnck giomid wns outer darkness, envo tho red light of mi engine Iho gleamed ; and in the distance the mighty nionstci man had called into being to help him in the branch for gold— that search which wns nlmost fruitless now — groaned,', nnd pnllc-d nnd hiiorted. Gazing .on the scono, Hib tours camo into Jack's eyes, as the memories of tbo past eamo crowding into his soul, tilling it with ngony. Phantoms of tbo pnst they woro to him ?ion dijs Mint bnd passed awny — faces cold in dinth, oi lost to him foi e\or; oyes that mot bis lovo— hnnds Hint clasped his in friendship— gono ; nil gone— nnd ho was alone I Tlmt rtin bo hnd gom) as a last resouruo to tho Hespeius lAtcnded, whcio onco bo wns lord supreme, nnd asked for work. Wbilo bo was talking to Snigglo Snickers, Obndinh Sweotcomfort eamo up him ket s had kept up a sort of sneering lomcisation with Jnek Tbo moment Obndinli sn» bun, n deiuonuu id Hiulo ovcrsprond bis faco ; ho ( ould not com eal lus gleo. Ho wns not afraid of Jnck now, for tho poor follow wns too wan nnd thin to givo him a blow ns ho bud douo in tho old times. What a dill'crcnco there was in tho two men now. Jnck was a mere scarecrow, whilo Obadiah bad absolutely lilled out, and looked comfortable and wealthy. As he stoort Micro ho hnndlcd his massive wntchgiuird, pulled out bis heavy chron ometer to look ut tho lime, nnd twirled his fingers so thnt the vnluiiblo diamonds might scintillate in tho fnco of his old enemy. ObndUJi was now a great man. Ho hnd censed to dwell in Grit, and bad hotnkon himself to Melbourne whoro ho lived in stnto, having beenmo n lnnd-ownor there ; nnd ho bndo well to become a bank director and shnrc boldcr in pernnincnt companies, mid n great mnn in thu land. Ho genornlly deigned to visit Grit, howover, onco a fortnight, nnd then its impecunious inhabitants waited upon him ns a lord, .and begged, lmt in vain, for loans, Obadiah did not rare for tho security thoy could givo ; ho could invest bis money to n greater advantage in tho metropolis. But he had still a few shares in tho mines, nnd took u very uctivo interest in tho welfare of Grit, attending ovory political demonstration most religiously ; for bo had an oyo on tho constituency, and thought tbnt he would attain tho desire of his soul at tho next- oluulibn, ? and bunt Hector MncinniB. Only this wns wanted to' make him tbo happiest mini 'in Iho world. ? ? . Obndinli, howover, said nothing to Jnck thnt could bo construed into insolence or cruelty, but ho nctcd in such a way that the uiifnrtiiiinln mnn felt ns if ho would sooner havo been thrust into the furnnco and slowly incinerated. Whon Snigglo Snickers told him them wns no prospect of work, ho tottered away; hut Obndinh followed him, and, in his slimy wny, held out a sovereign. 'Yoiimnywnnt something, Jack, just for tbo Hnd (lenth sin rod Jnck in the fneo, bo would not hnvo taken this gift|so insultingly offered. His old spirit returned, 'nnd ho felt nsif ho could hnvo killed this lionrflosw, relentless limn. As ho walked nwny, ho hoard tho low chuckle of tho two wretches who stood vvntching him. Jack had never scon Maggie sinco tho dny ho met bin- nt Mm station, being resolved to givo nb moro cniiso of offenco to Bertha. Now, however, it seemed In him that sho wns tho last support ho could lay hold of; so ho mado his wny to tho bouse whore sho hnd lived. Ho wns surprised to sco utrango- ladies sitting under tho vomudnh sewing. When ho rang tho boll, a servant enmo out, nnd looking at him with nil thnt superciliousness which theso persons nssnnio townrds tho poor, nsked him what ho wanted. Jack inquired whether Maggie wils in, upon which tho servant Hew into a righteous rngo, nnd nsked him how dnro ho inquire nbont ' sich people.' Jnck humbly replied thnt tho lndy hud lived thero once, and bo hnd not known sho hnd shifted. ' Woll,' snid tho servnnt, with Hint gleefiilness which cbnrnctorises people when, im pnrting hnd nows, 'Hint lndy, ns you call her, sold this 'era houso to my master, niirt cleaved out to Melhouruo,' and with a laugh, sho slammed tho door iii his fnco, stntuig ' she wasn't going to stnnd tbero talking to mbbngo nil dnj\' This wns a terriblo blow to Jnck. Ho wandered aimlessly about tbo gullies, 'whoro, in tho old times ho and Spot, poor Spot— dead years ago— tended sheep together, hnppy.ns tho dny wns long. And, when the night came, he sought the Park, and sat thero watching tbo pnnornmn of lifo below. Wns it to ho wondered nt, Mint under such cir cumstnnccs, Jnck begnn to ponder whether it wero not hotter to quit this sphere (if sin and suffering, and Beck rcf ugu in n world tbnt could not bo by any means worse? Ho hnd contemplated snicido often since his downfall. At night timo, nnd during dark dnj's, tho idea wns over present, at times assuming tho form of a shadowy boing standing nt his side, and tempting him lo rid himself of bis troubled life. But, although Jack wns not religious, nlthougli ho had bcon brought up in darkness, his mnturcr years hnd been too busy to permit of self -education in religious matters, hp combated tho Plmiitom successfully, noton religions, but on manly grounds. After nil he nrgucd thnt Iho tnliing of ono's lifo wns n cownrdly net, and that tho suicide would desdrvo and receivo n coward's Into, if thero was such a thing ns another world. Besides, tho hopo over clung to him tbnt nfter all fato hnd a liottcr lifo in store for him ; that bo would yet be happy with Bertha. That strnngo vision which had three times visited him, seemed to givo him fresh heart overy timo ho thought of it. Bnt this night tho Pbnntom wns moro powerful Hinn ever. Whon ho pnsscd a shaft on his road down to tho town, the Phantom seemed to drag him to tho brink, nnd then when looking into tho depths it whispered to him, wbnt a hnppy relenso it would bo to Hing himself down, and end all bis misories. Wiib, said tlio Plumtomj spoko of .another world ? They wero fools ; thoro .wns no other world, and eternal punishment was a silly biigbenr, only fit to frighten children. Hb Hint would bo frco, should striko tho.blow' liimspU., : ': Wibu'lio vveritby ,tho glistening miniature lake in tho'pnrk, wlibso miriiic waves washed' its slippery sides,- tbo:.saiho 'dreadful Prcsbnco was near, mid suggested a ref ugo ; in its sullcni bosom; Biit: tbo. .vision of ?the bright'Spirit that had promised him tlio.Sluniiig'Ecefj'seemed.tbdioypr overJtho water, aikV.tb /ppuit io '; happier' drij'S ; so. bo pnssed mi; Nowvilibwbveiv^vbon- sitting hero alone, cold and wretched, tlio.bnleful.demou returned with '.twofold. ?powmVan^ctpwdM.iiitb^h'is'y^ioii.flippttslp^uiitil- :hb'was; stiiiig-tbs desperation. Hoir, .wliispored tho Tibnd, could -?lib over1 attain to , tbo wealth and position Hint! hnd -'been his? Only in tbo coiirsp of very, trniiiy ycnrs',;'a'nd if'tbbyovbr returned' to. ,hiiii,df,wbHld.bo;wlibn hovvnVa hideous old /mn'nj' with nll'his powor of^ bnjbymoiit 'goiie; Wns this vyortb Hio'iiniu and iniseiy .that must' ho his— bnrd work, disnppoiiitnipiit,-.pbrhnps deatb.'-.- No, no ; it .woidd.bo .better to out tlio ](uo.t,,and: at bnco:solvo ;Hwgreatinysteryr:ii;i;V'i?,iK^'.'v '';?;:, .;;;;S ?:?-: ,'i'' 'Jnck/rosOifrom his 'sent. 'Hllisiinind.vvns nt. last inn'd9i.upiV'iv:Hp.''g1nn^nt'tu^'^nt'B^eetvv]iiclilihd' sbcn'liis 'rispmid f nil; and bade it ''fnrowbll forever. Thp.pbaiito'in 'of:'dcstriictibnfwas(:bcforb.Jiiin; it gaily guided IiimbniiiHib'direction'bf'apnrlinlly lilled slinft.'tlint'vvn^iii^lib'Pni^'- Jnck followed itquickly;cleiichirig his linnds firmly, and sbutting his;:.tcoth,:asif:.to:iiorv6ibimself .up to'tlio: tori'iblo deed.. Ho paused nt thp.bnnk.'. An army of dancing demons- scorned tb.flit ahbiit. iii|tlipiglooiii of ithpV shaft, bGckbning but of the dark. wator where a stnrV orhv6:were*rcUqcted:',\'HoUrcivVii'riu^''lin!athVtpi'%-:' bnb glnucoat tbo ? sbiiiingYirninmont lib woiild'sco: uO.niorb, and— -'-'C^'/':^' ?'?'-'' 'Cii^ic^i'-'fvb'1:,^^:-1; ?;'.. 'Hollo,: thorp I 'cried a'strpng.'mniily- vpico, and; a bnnd was laid iipoii his nrm ; /'.wbntdp j;ou iiiban ?? Wliy,-aiiother'inomcntmid ypH'd'OlaTO.beou'dbwn! therp boyohd Hio'nrt pf^a-dpetor;'!;:^' ;-;/^i:¥'';^A;S- ?' v JiiekTpiit bishnndovcr bis cye'sV, 'It vviis William1: Bromi-flib^poko.;.w;ti::y'!*S.v^^J^9''-df,H ;.{i'-.VGbod*'God!.',:'smdiWiilianiV:rbcog'iii^^ vvratcIicd.fribnd.-;r.;!;Ha'vo I ;snyctUyon,'ipbqr^jiiek J5 r^S'cdnung.'libmo':foiin'-ybrk,\whoirl8nwin';ni'an''' BundutgMBpicJbualyXncaiittiiB'ioldsIiiUt/'nnd'iliiitV liolcl'just, ill. timb.tb''sayo yoiii';-j'.;:;S.%;'S '.$ti':»-i-j(i ' -VI aiirinadi'^iud-^ck;i';KC'J5i;;;'!;^.:. K^'f-iV:;'S'' i: '-No idoubt;^' ySulit, V *)iiiidi William/; kiiidlyr '. and you '?hnvo suffered pnpughtb,drivp n'lSnuison',' mud1;|iWljy;:,'didn't'jioiiacbi& beonCseiidiug};nnd'i8e'nrcbingCfor«yoUjVM libcbiuo such an bwl/andl hnvo fib'littletimo.'tb'nt' I^nbyprSlroppedVhcrossiyp'u/iiComp^'J^^ niUBt cbmo'lioiijbiwiUi irio,i and you sliiiU have half; pf-wliatT-liavo, oyoiiiif .its.in'y last siipbnco.'/iEmily will/BqoVi-put-.ybii'to'rights.iJPoor.'follbw Jack! 'ii';But ^^ don't;; tliiiiki;vvill;.intorforp.witli'yoiir, iudbpomlon^^ vyljat;wo.tliihk;a'!gbpd;Sb'bw^ou;;tlio':TiUli':closb^^ W'lio'rb i X'liyo,';'an'd vyo 'arb.jtlniuuug of ;'stnrtiug spnib. ono to prospobt it;-'- Yoii'slinllUiavp a'sliaro; Jiick,^ miiV'you'll 'work 'JtiiwlifW.llip bthors' lindl vyill 'pay in ^^;'!iind;if.wb;gbt:a:gbldon:recf,'tho olditiinos will coiuo,baclc iigain;-;SEli?s Jack,:pld Jmanifiloarpld' N-'^GpdJblbss.ymiiV,WuUiam,-''-Eaid^ giislung.froiii51iis'pyo8.;Pj'!,\rpifai'b still tho siihio.!'; .;.'V.StflJ'thYsanio;'fbrpycrthp~sauio','^ Jack ??^.C«nip along.'/j|vi, JjvvJ; '.: 'y'i '$ v; ^i!fi. ^?^???S ?'?' iih'b'lho: wobk iwasf piit,':;Jack'' wiisfsittihg ' iii Willinm's luit^clotlicdj'niidrm'liis riglit'.iiimd. « k\ co-oporativo'pnrtj' was got tbgotbor, mid Jiick begniV to sink, on tho bill. iTlibisbnft . was' sunk in ii straight lino with, tlio -Hesperus Extended, mid, although a considerable distance from that mine, it was '-'thought -.' by soino oxporioiic'ed minors that thoro wns a jino' show of striking tlio Hesperus rcof, if it carried so' far; and tho general aspect of tho ' country,' nnd tho specimens found, ' sconioil. to wnrrnnt tho belief . Jnck led a very quiet and 'reasonably happy lifo for somo timo. Ho found in bisv friend's wifo a noble, intelligent woman, with n heart open to all, nnd ready to wbilo away tho rtvenvy -hours vvitli lluont conversntion. ... Sbo .wns ovoiy/chcbrful. Nothing nppenred to daunt hor ; and poor ns woro their menus, tho hut wns 'always tidy and clean; tbo meals . woll cooked nnd pnlntablo, . however plain. A now sunshine enmo into Jack's heart ; and ho worked very bard in tho shaft, hoping, praying, Hint ho would striko. tho shinning roof the vision bnd promised him, ; if it wero only to: make this glorious womnn nnd his friend wealthy, ns thoy had deserved to bo. ' . ! . .. Tho romembrnnco of Bortbn still clung to bun ; hut ovory dny it was growing fainter and fninter, i and sho wns becoming to him liko his mother — a nioniory.of tho pnst; (lenr, very denr, but gono for ever — n dream thnt hnd faded with tbo rosy light of early lifo. But it was not long before tho darkness ennio again. Grit continued to go down ; nnd 'several of tbo shareholders in tho co-opcrativo company lost thoir employment, nnd could not pny thoir trilling calls. So, after a while, all relinquished the claim oxcept Jack and William. Tho hitter's; iucomo was very small, and it took nil Emily's niniingc mont to make both ends meet. Besides, tho claim in which WUlinut was engaged as mining ninnager wns not gold-producing, and at any moment it might stop working. Still William kept Jnck going, nnd tbo poor fellow did as much work ns two mon, on tbo apparently obscuro hopo thnt bo would striko a rich reef, 'lio did strike sevevnl spurs and o*o Hat reef, but thero was no gold in them. Tho dny wo find him sitting on tbo bill discon solately reviewing his pnst life, lib bnd come upon a bar of sandstone, so hard that bo despaired of gotting through it with tbo npplinnccs ho hnd, cspecinlly' ns his powder wns oxhnusted. So ho hnd como unMit'nf tho shnft, nnd wns thinking what to do. But bis cogitations nfl'nrdcd no relief; nnd when tho sun hnd sunk behind Iho western bills, nnd tho ghastly colora of tho wintry evening . hnd faded into sonibro gray, ho wnlkcd down to tbo hut. Tho lirst thing ho noticed wns that Emily looked troubled. Ho hud never seen her sad before. Under tho most, trying circumstances tilio iind wo m u cltccrful fficc, ' Wlmt's tho mntt6r ?' asked Jnck. Emily hurst into tears. 'I havo been to tho bntelicrniul grocer to-day,' sho snid, ' and thoy refused nny ninro credit. So— so, Jnck, Micro isn't a morsel in tbo houso.' Jnck looked nt her. Sho hnd becomo pnlo and thin ; and now tho thought struck him that, to give thoso who wero doing heavy work a good slinro, sho hnd starved herself. Uo felt ns if ho could thero and then hnvo taken a pistol, if ono woro handy, mid shoot himself through tho henrt. , 'But don't tnko on, Jnck,' snid tbo good creature, 'I'll run to Mrs. Fognrty's and got some ; nnd Willinm will bo ablo to borrow somo nionoy.'. ' 'No, Emily,' snid Jnck, ' I must go. I hnvo been eating you out of house nud homo. It seems ns if I woro a cureo wherever I go.' ' No, No,' pleaded Emily; and sbo took hold of his hand. At thnt moment Willinm nppenred nt tbo door: His fnco wns dark nnd troubled, too. Jnck nnd Emily looked nt him, and despair took possession of them. 'I know you can sco it in my fnco,' suid Willinm, in n husky voico. 'It is just ns you think; tho company stopped work to-dnj-, because tho bnnk enmo down and seized tho property. They owo tho mon n fortnight's wages, nud thero is no chance of ever seeing n penny of it.' Emily sunk into a choir nnd sobbed. Presently a light camo into her fnco. Sho wont to tbo bedroom, and nfter being absent for a fow minutes, returned. In her band wns a beautiful brooch. A flno diamond scintilated brilliantly in' tho firelight. ' William, go nnd pawn this,' sho snid. 'It wns my denr father's present— tbo only vnlunblo wo linvo left; but if bo wero hero he would forgivo mp. Go nnd get some raonoy for it, and lot Jack and . you givo tho claim a Rood trial.' , . ?.?'?'. . ' No, no,' snid Jack ; ' I must go away ; I will not hear of this.' ; .-. ' 'But yonwUl,'said William, calmly. 'This-: '. is our last refiourco. Emily has freely given us' '':? the chanco to retriovo our fortunes, and i lot ho' '. false delicacy mnko yon throw that cbnnco nwdy. Sbo has dono what you , would,- dear Jack, wero you ? ' in hor position.' - ?:'-'-;-:,1 ;'i- ^.S-. '. ' Jack sat down. Ho could not siieak/.. Aigrenj1 ?'''??: mist cmno over his ej'es. '. :.'?;. . '* ..'f;;^j :'.:' Willinm kissed bis' wife, and taking -tlio! jbwel,r; ''::.'' hurried out into darkness. ; X ; '1' -:: ' '.v!-- :;; ' ;-.' ;M ? :CHAPTER;Li.' ^ : '.v.; Vyt ,';;-. , '..,;, ; Ho\V pvU is the.wprld I ''Wbatvico and sin, '. '; '?''.' '. ' Are tbbb found in its narrow houso within ! ''??':? ? ? In Fliiidbr's-lano, Molbonmo, nro -congregated ' Hip. wai'obousos of Australia. Immcuso stucco or , bluostoho --structures rise on ench sido of- llio '-narrow , 'thoroughfare, forming a Inno of nlmost palatial buildings, adorned with showy brass door plates, on which nro engraved tho names of. tho mighty firms who cnriy on business within. 'Straight is tho gate, and narrow is tho wny,' snid a grcnt authority ; but in this instance tho aphorism does not apply; tho street is- straight and narrow onough to nil conscience, but the waj-s of .tliO; merclinnts nro crooked indeed. These gigantic buildings nro tho business plnces of tboso who deal in soft goods. .: Tbo warehouse of. Click, Clack & Sons, is one' of tho most gigantic of theso buildings lmt,-. liko' tho : goods that nro sold within, itis'nll.shnin nnd pretonco; its friezes, and . comics, and --entablatures are simply u hollow protenco of stucco. It is full of goods and decoxitiou; emploj'iSs — effemirinto, woinonlilto men: — Hit about, attending to tho numerous 'customers ? who aro selecting goods. Thoso emploj-es, liko all men who aro in tbo drapery trade, or in. trades';' '.I- 'akin to it, aro too milk and waterishio;jioldUis ? '?; materinl. Tho proper plnco of mnn is tho field, ?'?':? tho engine-room, the mino; and wlie'n ho takes up . tho duties of a -woman, lio is'oatol hir, cloniont.1 Pnssiiigon,' wo como to tho workshop, w-hoi-o a .largo. number. of pnlo, sickly women, very -wearied .'? in', their looks, nro . engaged at their sowing machines, the noise of which voxes tho pnssers-by ; for the sound of tho sewing-machine is one. of ? tlio.most gro'tiiig in tho world. It speakes of hard tasks ;? 'of littlo mercy. Tho appearance of tbo 'Wonibii'hi' Hint workroom borofull evidence of tho -.truth pf'tliis. Tbo fairer nnd younger portion -'looked-' fagged ''nnd weary ; nnd tho way they kept ?glaucuigat the clock showed they devoutly wished :six:to).stril(e.: Tbo older femnles presented tho niost miserablo.spectaclo. Many of theso women bnd fncos from w'liich tho blessed light of hope scorned tobnvofnded for over, to bo replaced by 'Hip, stbir/.luioamoiits of despair. What had thoy hvprbspect to mnko lifo a desired boon ? A heavy fniijily'nt libmc— porbaps a drunken husband ; tlio only future 'ono of work and ceaseless effort, to ,.eiid at lnst in a 'wretched death. That was tbo prospect ':'? but ? pqrlmps tlio - mercy of God hnd ordained tbnf this dreadful. lookout wns veiled from tlioir ej-os by somo delusive pictnro painted by::ilibpo^-tho affection for a daughter, tho trust: that a. loved son would cherish them in tho : days vvlion thoy would becomo helpless. God linn ordered it,' tbnt tho human soul weaves for itself somo curtain Hint shuts out tbo misery and want,' ' ? Hib w;oe, mid dentil thnt nro to como. ': \ '.'/.'Amongst tho crowd of wearied spiritless workers w'asonbwho cpidd not havo escaped tbo notice of thb nibst suporficinl. Her plnin print dress could ? ii(itr conccnl tho correct outline of hor form — tho nameless niiv of ono who bnd scon hotter days. Hor fnco wns pinched, nnd months oi caro bnd s '.thrown awob of luies across it, still it wns ono of : great- beauty — not moro animal beauty, but tbnt ? whicli tells of a soul within. There wns not a girl , in tbo workroom who did not know Mint this woman 'was'' beautiful; but, stningo to say, no ono hnted her. There wns a loveablcness about tho woman : an utter ignornnco of hor own beauty, a trim naturalness, and a winning consideration for others . Hint nipped bnrd thoughts in tho bnd. Whon a wenry sempstress, aged by toil and sorrow, raised her oyes off tbo monster that was dragging her down dny by day, it wns only necessary for her to oncountcr tho gentle faco of this comrado, and receive a smile, to tako n whole burden off her. mind, and to inf nso now energy into her soul. Fow , thoro who bnd been in difficulties, could look nt this woman without remembering somo kind nnd .thoughtful action that wns ns balm to then' hearts. Tbnt womnn wns Borthn White. , It seems superfluous to toll her story, for tho render will havo guessed it. After sho had uimlly rejected Jack, and, at tbo instance of her father, nccopted Hector Mncinnis, life nppenred wortliloss to her. Sho know well enough sho could not bo bnppy without tho mnn sho hnd loved from her childhood. As sbo took in tbo situation in tbo loneliness of her chamber, mid understood aU tbo terrors of its surroundings, sho becnino appalled. What ? join herself to a man sbo, nt tho very least, -'detested nnd fenrcd. She felt Hint sho would bo doing herself a grcnt injustico, nnd destroying her future lifo. Bather poverty and toil, than this. Li a kind of delirium she wnndorcd nwny from her home, nud took refuge in nn obscure- lodging. Tho storm Mint hnd been hovering over Mr. White's head, burst very soon nf tor thnt; shortly nfter his dnughtcr dopnrtcd. Obndinli Sweotcomfort hint tnkon euro of Mint before ho went buck to Grit. Nothing, indeed, could havo dolnyed it. His hills bnd bcon floating nbout until they hnd coino to Iki looked upon ns wnsto paper, nnd at lnst a creditor who held bundles of them, took stops to conipul sorily sequestrate bis estate. Need wo sny tho creditor wns Stir. Sweetcoinfort's creature. Mr. White implored Hector to snvo him; but when Hint gontlcinnn Icnmcd tlmt Bortbn hnd flown, ho declared his inability. Indeed Hector could nut. . lmvo tided over tbo difflculty, hnd ho boon so inclined; it wns of too great a magnitude. Deserted by bis daughter, by the world, Mr. AVhito found himself a ruined man. Ho could not blaiuo hit child, for ho now saw Hint sho would havo bcou sacrificed for nought. So ho returned to his houso nt Toornk — his hoiiso no longer — a penniless, broken-down mnn. Tho blow was too much for him. Ho lura seen his wealth, acquired by hunt industry and years of plodding calculation, molt, away liko tho frost on the window paiios wlion Iho ? morning sun sliiucs, and now thoro was no spirit . in him. Ho was too old, too helploss, to begin the battle of lifo anow. (To be contimted.) ?' ? 