tan&magaroo.; i from our corresponden t.'! The Weather. — The weather in litis locality is all that could- be desired for "tank clean- ing." x, ' Our Public School. -This school is pro- gressing well, in so far as attendance. &c.;, is concerned. I think I'm within the mark in stating that, since the opening, it has averaged fully up to eighth class. I may also state that this school has been open about nine months. It is built of canvas, and although wc are get ting well into the second year since the school site was surveyed, there is not the " ghost of a sign '" of a more permanent structure being erected. To say that this slate of things exists in a settled district like Tangmangaroo, is, according to my humble opinion, to prove that we arc, in reality, more than a century behind the age. The author of these tent-schools mav have a great admiration for canvas : so have 1, but it is rather when it (the canvas) clings well to the bolt ropes in beating off a lee shore than when it is used to permanently supersede brick or stone. There is another item in connection with this school worthy of note, viz., that during the hot weather the children are half roasted ; in the winter season they are hall" frozen. Fancy children being the greater part of five hours under a tent, and such weather as we have had this summer, without a drop of 'watcrrsave.Tharwhiche;iUrtake:sQiraboUle. — My better-half's great aunt says that the Council oDEducation ought to he put on its trial for cruelty to animals. Our Progress Com.mi i ti-.l met last even ing. The business of the meeting was con fined to agitating for a bridge at Tangmangaroo crossing. A resolution was unanimously passed accordingly, that a petition be got up for the purpose in question. A sub-committee was appointed to draw up a petition, gel signatures, and when completed, hand 'the same over to to the secretary for transmission to Messfs. Iieydbn and Slattery, M.'sL.A. The neces sity for a bridge at" the place indicated is obvious. The crossing is n very had one, at best. I n dry weather, i; is very heavy : in wet, it is (from the nature of the bottom — shifting sand) positively dangerous. The voad to this crossing is the main one from Yass to Burrowa, so that, besides the residents of Tangmangaroo, those of the towns mentioned have an equal interes' in getting the bridge. I may mention that the secretary'' of the Pro gress Committee has received 'a tvplv aneiU resolutions passed at a previous meeting, "re'- school, &c.;, which were forwarded bv that gentleman to Mr. Heydon. M.I. .A., in' effect that they had been presented to the propei authorities: so I suppose you will hear of these in due course. 'March 21, 1882. 