NEWS AND NOTES. In chambers yesterday, before his Honour Judge Trench, an application was made by Mr Salter, on behalf of the defendant in the case of Clacton (official assignee) v Quinn —heard at tbe last Court of Insolvency sittings—to re* visecosts. Mr S. P. Mann appeared for the assignee. Decision waa reserved. An applica tion was also made to settle the appeal in the cate of Bibby v.Lowe, heard at tbe last County Court sittings;' 1 The appeal was settled; - - ;! An amusing incident which has been related to us in connection with the recent visit of tbe Russian naval officers Ballarat, js worth relating, although telling it may be considered as rather a slight breach of secresy. The officers were’all aise'mhled'inarooih at a leading'hotel; in Lydiard street, when a gentleman present, who occupies a high position.in thecity, ordered cigars for tbe company. Several were brought up by tbe waiters in tumhlera, and handed round to the guests- One of the officers looked attentively at a tumbler and Its contents for a’tppment, and,then- addressing the waiter in broken; English,'exclaimed, “Is dat all you bring up; why you not fetch de box 1" The waiter brought up the box, whereupon the cigar-loviog Russian dipped his band into it, ;and .-.taking out as many cigars as be could hold, deposited them in his pocket tor further use. The gentleman who had to pay for. the cigars wilt nbt probably ask a company .of Rus sian officer* to join him in a smoke again—at least, not if he: baa to pay. for the.weeds. . It is-very seldom that anyone bears of a Mongolian assaulting a Hibernian, or, indeed, any Enropeab. The Celestials, as a rule, do not assault any person, and when they do have recourse to harsh measures it is mostly for tbe purpose of chastising unruly lads who annoy them. An Irishman named John Doolan, how ever, fell a victim to a Mongolian's wrath on Saturday afternoon. About 3 b'clook oo tbe day named Doolan was- working at Dead Horse. - A Chinese vegetable hawker was trot ting past, when Doolan asked him for a carrot. The Mongolian did not comply with the request, but kept on the trot. The; son- of Erin again pressed John to give him a carrot, but instead of doing so, tbe Chinaman, it is said, dropped bis baskets, drew out a " neddy,” and brutally assaulted Doolan about the head. Doolan’s wounds were. subsequently, dressed by a medical man. A warrant has been issued. for the arrest of the Chinaman. ” ■ Acircular baa bean, issued by tbe Superin tendent of Police, calling the attention of tbe force generally to, the fact that a vary large number of street•[ lamps .ate broken every night, principally in tbe outlying - portions of tbe town., A reward of {2 2a has been offered by tbe'Qas Company for information which will lead, to the conviction of the o&oders.; We have 1 been informed, on very reliable authority, that a large proportion of the damage done to street lamps is caused by the Umplightere not exercising sufficient care when putting out the lamps at night..Our informant states that on several occasions be has seen the' pole used by them to turn oil the gas thrust right through the side of the lampV Two miners employed in the Mazeppa Tri bute Company, Canadian Ranges, bad a narrow escape,' on Saturday afternoon, from wbat might have been a serious accident. The men were descending the shaft, which is about 160 feet deep, when .'the horse took fright, broke oat of harness, and bolted for its stable, which is situated at the rear of Ur Turpie'a store in Humdray street. Tbe miners descended by the rub, and had it not been that the well boards at tbe bottom of the shaft were not on, lamentable results might have followed. Both men escaped with a drenching. Many persona, no doubt, will regret to learn of the intending departure from Ballarat of Mr:A. Kortlang, a gentleman who. during bis three years' residence - in the ‘ city' has done.. much to forward A number of .movements, Mr Kortlang, who was a leading : member of ;the City Rawing Club, distinguished himself in aquatic. circles, having .successfully. repre sented iBallarat'in many senior boatracea., He also, we understand, has the bdnour of- being one of the founders of the Friday half- holiday movement in Ballarat, and up till within a few days" ago held the position of secretary to the Ballarat Salesmen’s Union. Mr Kortlang, it is said, is to be , presented with a purse of save-, reigns this evening.; , A company which'deserves every success for the enterprising spirit displayed by its shareholders, and their, endeavours to get re-.' , munerative atone, is the Magdala Company, the operations of which are carried oh at. Stawell.V iFpryeara; past this company has' resolutely ; pnt ite shoulder to the wheel, and notwithstanding many adverse circumstances it appears financially to be in a'prosperous .condition,,. while ', the shareholders ,have not lost heart in. their venture. At tbs balfryearly meeting, which was held last evening, it was evident .that .the faith of many who have,been; interested in the cbm*, paoy since its inception remains -unshaken, notwithstanding the various calls that must havebeen made during that time. Now, how ever, the company: may be said to have taken si fresh; lease of ' life, and with the aid of the diamond drill it is thought that the hopes of long, anxious i jears will bo, .fully realised. With ai balance in the-bank-of nearly £1200, backed 1 up by shareholders whose faith in the future t of' the ..mine is unbounded,' there is every reason to believe that ati importaut dis covery ! may not be far .distant. -When the time does come for a golden harvest to be; roapedithere will be -hone that , will not wish the shareholders joy of the success they so well deserve... Such discoveries as may be made in tbe mine will do milch.to improve the present prospects of mining in Stawell, and impart, to operations .there an increased vitality. A curious double anniversary will shortly be, celebrated in a certain family residing not many 'miles from Ballarat, ' Rumour has if that advantage will be taken of tbs occasion to have unusual festivities in honour of: the event, and certainly, the social world; is anxiously awaiting the'result of the invitations. It appears that a few years ago a youth about 17 years of age got married to a dame exactly double, his years; and that. in a few weeks .he ■ will have attained his_ majority. . The natal day..of hia blooming bride will fall upon tbe same day. ' „ ' v The celebrity attained by.the “ghost" that perambulated for some time at the old Princess .claim, Ballarat East, has apparently influenced other ghosts to disport themselves in various parts of Ballaraf The' Creswick' road ghost has made its reappearance, and another, it is said,’has.been: viewed upon the rubbish hisap at the Western railway station. Alt donbta as to the identity of the Creswick road visitor has been solved, and its fleshy proportions: were plainly visible at the time, so that credulous people may pass the place in question withont apprehension. - Tbs antics of the supernatural visitor; to the rubbish heap are described as infioitely.grotesque, but a}l attempts,to solve the mystery have failed. Immediatoly ou the dangerous approach of any person the ghost vanishes, and a ■ luminous streak of light follows in its wake! . Indications of .the use of phosphorous, are; not wanting, but bow the ghost disappears is puzzling. We are sorry to hear that the wellrkaawn. legal manager,’Mr Alexander Clark; is suffering from si severe attack of illness; The sufferer' : has been confined to bed for several days, and Dr; Woinarski has been in constant attendance upon him.- It is thought that the malady is ■rheumatic gout. . . . r, , . ' ; The net proceeds of the fecenf Ballarat City Rawing Club bazaar amount, it is stated, to ‘the sum;pf ‘£25(. At a. meeting.held the other evening votes of thanks were passed to the lady aaaistants and 'to the secretary and treasurer of the bazaar'committee, . Aboy named James O’Neill was admitted to, tbe : ;Hospital.' yesterday' suffering from, si broken leg caused by a fail of eai th'at a claim ,he was working in at Canadian dully. child named Minogne died from diph theria, at its parents' residence nvar the 'Orphan.Asylum ye»terdsy' | morning.; This is the second child of the same family that has -succumbed to diphtheria. The first victim died last year.. It,;-is;,stated, that, twomorq cases have developed iu the family of Mr . Huldred, of Rodier .streat/Melbourne road. Considerable annoyance has been caused in Raglan street sou’fh'td various residehta by the' ' presence of two vagrant goats. These peats at first confined their attention' to' gardens and hedges, hot they have now become so bold >(fla( (bey actually enterad the passage of a tome yesterday la the locality above‘named, t and began to tear up and eat a pieae of cocoa* ■ -put matting. The irate owner “went for. them with an axe. The presence of Mr J K kWeatwood la much required in the locality in question. The Norwood team of footballers will be .met at the Western railway station on the. -aTrival of this morning's train from Melbourne by members of the Ballarat City Imperial Club, who will escort them to Pitcher's Royal George hotel. After luncheon the visitors will be driven in .drags to .view. the principal. sights of BallaraVand, doubtless, if ~ time and \- permit, the QoogGoog and Kirk's dam reservoirs will also be included in the pro gramme. Subsequently the match - will take - place at the Western Oval,- commencing- at three o'clock," when" an excising* contest is expected. Members will btf admitted on pro duction of their tickets, and the general public will be.ofaarged at the low rate of 6d for ad mittance. A Ballarat bellman got into on Saturday evening. The campanologist it is reported entered the shop of a Bridge* street butcher, and asked to be served with some sheep's trotters and a piece of suet. The shop man fulfilled the order, and .In payment the . bellman threw a shilling on the counter. v Tbis 'coin, however, did not represent the value of the goods,'‘and upon..being : Informed’.of the' fact, the bellringer stated-tbat '* it would,have to do,’* The butcher became enraged at the remark, thd laying hold of the parcel took a portion of the meat away, exclaiming,Now, it will do," This -proceeding caused the ; customer to become uproarious, and in con sequence, he had to , be.*' ejected: from' the premises. :He was subsequently, Amoved on*.', by a policeman. . ' : Avery lame defence was made by a man charged with larceny at the Town-Court yea .terday morning. The prisoner was'accused of of ateaiipg.a' pair of. trousers from the shop of SolomdnMartin, Bridge street. 1 In reply to.fche, usual question from the bench, the thief stated that he entered the shop to purchase a shirt,'* and as he .was -leaving theestablishment the pair of ' trousers dropped from a pile, lot.goods near; the door. \ He had picked the unmentionables' up, and was; about; to restore them to>their place, .when the proprietor pounced upon him, and accused, him of theft. While the prisoner—a resideut of Warrenbeip named Guthrie,and, the father, of seven children—was making this statement the chairman of the bench, Mr Anderson, was glancing over hia spectacles at him,'.and L when the man bad fioished the magistrate exclaimed, “That will do; don't tell us that, 11 Sergeant . BMParlaod^r- 11 Ha has been here before on a charge of'larceny, your worship.*' “Tau.are j sentenced to one month's imprisonment" announced Mr Anderson, and the prisoner was removed. '.'J A constable had to be despatched yesterday I morning in of. a magistrate to assist in conducting the business at.thetown court, but without avail. Ooa justice of the peace could, not leave bis business to * attend the court, another was unwell, and a third was about to leave home, 1 Our; Smytbeadale correspondent, writes:—, "The wholesale destruction of. young timber which has been carried on in this district is not,-it appears, confined to the * classic regions of Ross’ Creek, but is taking place almost daily in other-portions of the district also. A per*, son who bad occasion to travel between the old ; SmytUesdale.Consols Quartz claim and Had don, bn Saturday last, reports that for more than a mile along the bush track he passed a Urge, number of saplings, with which the boah abounds, considerably under the pre-- scribed size, which had evidently been recently felled for the purpose of carting away, most .probably to Haddoo. . Should this .state of things be permitted to go on for a few. months longer; the result will be that the bush in this direction will be completely denudd of young timber, the old and larger growth having long since been cut down and removed.” ■ A young man named Robert Long was fined £5 at the City court yesterday, in default one. months' imprisonment. Long was refused drink at! the Guiding Star hotel, Albert street, ■ Sebastopol, on Saturday night, and he became The police were called in and they removed the man, but he subsequently re turned and threw stones at the house, endan gering the lives of those inside.. For this offence he appeared at the court yesterday and was fined.as stated, Mr R. Lewis, chairman of the bench,.remarking at the same time that a fine of £2O, or in default six months' impri sonment, 1 could have'been inflicted; We have received from Mr R. D. Bannister, i secretary and superintendent of the Grand Intercolonial, Juvenile Industrial Exhibition, to be held; in Sydney on November of the the present year, a circular addressed to tbe. youth of Australia on its behalf. The docu ment recommends'the young people to care fully read through the schedule of; regulations, and prlza list which have been published; Tbe committee are anxious.that the young ? people in this district should take, up .the matter. -warmly, and set a good example to others in making their homes hives of industry, and contentment^ A Swede named Charles Olsen met with a painful accident yesterday at. the claim of the Post Office company, Ballarat East. It appears that - he was working in the shaft, directly under a bucket of debris that had just gone up, when, a large piece of reef fell from .it, striking him on the arm and causing a frac ture of the bone above the elbow.. He was taken to .the Hospital where he was attended to, after which be left for home. .. . . The following remarkable case lias just been brought under.our notice:—“-Thomas Homes,. alias Possum Tom, who is rabbiting oo Mr H. \V. Wilson's Barringille station, near Skipton, met with an accident to his foot about, ten : days ago 1 while cutting wpod. It appears that the axe ha 'was using slipped, by : which, he„ received a trivial cut in the upper ;part of his' foot. He thought nothing of the matter-at the time, bat gradually findipg ebme difficulty in opening bis mouth widely when about to take food or drink, and becoming alarmed, he sent for Hr Nolan, of Linton, on Saturday last, who found him suffering from traumatic tetanus .(lockjaw)i and entertains very little hope of his recovery.” . A lifctle boy, aged 11 years, named Alfred Q. Rose, met with a nasty accident in Urqu- . hart street yesterday. It appears that he was coming home from school, and while, skylark ing with some other boys he tripped ;a‘ud broke his log; He was taken to the Hospital, where,; after‘hia injury was attended to, he was placed in the casualty .ward.. ' The adjourned meeting of the Humffray Committee' will be'held this evening' at-the George hotel, 1 at half-past 8. Any old friends and sympathisers; of tbe Hon. J. B, Humffray will be gladly welcomed. On Monday afternoon a man; who gave.bis. ‘name as Daniel Reddy, and said that, he came from pallarat, was * arrested at the Geelong railway station, on a charge of passing a num* her of forged cheques. Several cheques were found concealed abont bis body when he was searched at the lockup. He will be brought up at the,police court this morning. . A respectable-looking young man named Francis Reynolds was yesterday brought before : the Town Court by bis master, Ur J. Long, J.P., on a charge of absenting himself from bis : indentured apprenticeship. Mr Loug informed 1 the b*nch tbit Reynolds had absented himself from bis service on 50 different occasions. ! He did hot care sixpence for the lad’s ; services, but be had merely ; taken action 1 for the purpose of setting an example l to tbe. other lads employed in the establish ment. 1 Reynolds-denied that he had absented I himself on fiO occasions. He, however, ad* mitted that be bad been three times absent without his master's permission. The accused further stated, that be could not wish for a better master than Ur Long, but he could not tolerate.tho otber people holding authority in tbe factory. 'Hr Anderson, the presiding magistrate,, gave the youth a lecture.. He t&formed; him that he (Mr Anderson) had never known a.man to come to any good who did not serve hia apprenticeship honourably. .Hr Anderson said that a bench of magistrates had power to send a refractory apprentice to pricon for three months, but be (the. magis trate) trusted that such would not happen to Reynolds. 1 As the'accused promised to return to bis employment, he was discharged. . *. A An old mao oam*ed Rober* Parsons, 60 years of. age, a butcher by trade, was; arrested last evening by Constable Nelms, of the Rallarat 'East; police, on a charge of destroying a window valued at ,8v the property of George Ruby, draper, of the Mein road. Parsons , was the only prisoner in . the. Cistern lookup last night,; - ■ Ip Mrs Foley's letter in yesterday'* issue the amount submitted* by the Band and Albion Consols was stated to be £Bl2iodl instead'of £lB 12a 9d. ■ •- '. w . \- A correspondent' writee;~“ A poor man of the name of known as Yorkey, 69 years of age, and long, a resident of Cape blear, where be obtained a precarious living by shooting" and Belling game in. the season; was . recently tbrougheicknoAsconfiaeii lito his. hot,. Becoming worte, fhe-al .last’ reluctantly, con sentoj to jp to tbe Hospital, whither he was kindly taken on Friday mornifag v bj Mr Armv strong, thereby-hiring much satisfaction to bis neighbours/whb now know bsfwill be cared for, 1 * / ; v ;!The rdeaof baskets', of Osh; being conveyed; from Portland vid Arar.it to Billnrat, and consignments! forwarded from here to Ararat," Stawell, Horahatn, andeven-Hamiltnn,. sounds .yery much: like carrying coals..to Newcastle, It appears, however, that the wholesale fi<h* dealers, Meaefa' Jenkins and Cos., have coo signed to them from Portland • baskets of fish, whichare forwarded back to dealers in the towns above-named, -immediately upon their arrival here at the Western Rui way' Station. It certainly speaks well for the ehterpriae of BdUrat-dealers that they should not only have the command of the local market, but that they are also ablo to com pete in towns through jvbicb their merchan dise has actually to > pass on its way to Bal larat. • • * /- ; 1 ... A Chinaman named Ah Hea was arrested by Constable Hilliatd at the Chinese Camjp, Deep Lead, op Saturday, on the charge. of stealing £45 from the estate of a countryman named Going Wong. ''From the.particulars which are supplied by the P . 0. News it ap. [ pears that,on-the I3th February last Ching Wong went with the accused. Ah He©, to the Oriental Bank, and placed therein £43 as a { fixed-deposit for six months. ChingAVong subsequently -r met : with an t accident by. falling out of a cart, from..the. effects of which he died in' the’ Pleasant- Creek Hospital on the night of Tuesday, 18th April The deceased had sewn the receipt ' for bis money in hiehlankete,-and of tbese'tbe accused Atds. alleged obtained possession, haying abstracted the receipt, cashed it at the Oriental Bank opAbe 14th June. ' The accused' set about .spending bis ill- gotten gains quickly, and thus aroused, the suspicion qf 'Constable Hilliard, who at once took the necessary steps to arrest him, ’On being' searched 'at the .lockup, Ah Hea was found to be possessed of '£2o tied op in a little canvas begin bis purse, the latter-also containing a £1 note and-lp4d’ in silver .'and copper.; The prisoner was charged ifith 'larceny at. the Stawell Police Court' yesterday; r <\- - . ArgumentB‘were (aay9 the Agt) heard by the Full jCourt on Saturday in respect to a rule • n&i; to quash an order of the ‘justices at Sand hurst, directing, one.'Wm. Henry. Fickel to re-; turn to hiafapprenticesbip with Messrs 6. F. Pickles and Cos., of- Sandhurst, coachbuilders. Fickel was. apprenticed to the firm named, but left tbeir employment upon • the dissolution of partnership of the firm. It was held by the magistrates that the dissolution of partnership did not, terminate the ..indentures,.and con- | sequeotly an; order was .made directing the apprentice to return to bis work; Mr Hood, who showed cause,.raised a preliminary objec tion that the direction of the justices was not an “order” within the.meaning of the act, and , that consequently, there was. nothing to be ! quashed* The proper course of procedure,' it i was contended, was to ask the magistrates to state a case for the opinion of the court. | Their Honours considered-the. objection a good 1 onej and discharged the rule. I On Thursday evening last, a young girl, ; named Walsh;-was (saya graph) treated at Che Melbourne Hospital for < injuries to her head, inflicted with a pair of j scissors by a fellow employee named Margaret | Johnstone, aged: 17, at Goldberg’s clothing manufactory, Flinders lane. The circum- ! stances which led up to the infliction of the injuries go to .show- the. animosity existing amongst some of the young females employed in the large-factories in the'city; ..In one of tbe outbuildings attached to Goldberg's fac tory, Eome obecene words had been , written. The girl Walsh was first taxed with the offence* which, it appears, was repeated, although the walls of the outbuilding were'whitewashed, but .she cleared herself of the imputation. Johnstone' was then accused, and. seems .to have harboured enmity towards Walsh iu con* sequence, for oh Thursday, while they were' both in tbe workroom, after,some words bad .passed; she struck Walsh with the scissors, causing a nasty wound, but not one, however, which necessitated Walsh remaining in the Hospital. A warrant was issued for the arrest of Johnstone.on Friday, and she was appre hended bn Saturday evening at her. father's house in-Lonsdale street west, by Plain clothes constable Holland, and locked up io rbe.Cicy watchhouse, to appear before the City Police Court this morningi The Sale Board of Advice held:(says the Telegraph) a special meeting on P.iday, at the, ; request of the bead teacher, in consequence of statemeunts made by Mrs Anderson, that her daughter Elizabeth bad been cruelly punished in February lest, Jby receiving a beating on tbe head, which, it is said, has caused her to ; have r fits constantly since. The head teacher denies having administered severe punishment, and it is stated that the girl was- subject to fits bafore the‘dace mentioned. Sheia abimt-15 years of age. The enquiry was held with closed doors. \- Yesterday's Age says:—-“A man named Simuel Dargaviile, charged with fraudulent insolvency, made bis escape from England a short time ago, and landed : at Adelaide, but the authorities, having been put on the alert by a cable message, kept him under s.urvelh lance; and be has now been taken in charge by Inspector Dowdxng, of Scotland. Yard, who came'out by the Garonne with a warrant* for Dargav.ille’s .arrest. Inspector Do.wding. .will return with bis prisoner by the Liguria," The! Orient Company's . new steamship Austral may (says Monday's’ Age) be.looked-, for to arrive to-day or tb-morrpw. Should she come in will ba and,.to effect this sbo v will have to steam the distance at Abe rate' of 141 miles per hour. . The I 200 Martini- Henry carbines recently ordered by the Governmeob.from England, on ~ the recommendation of Mr Chomley, Chief Commissioner of Police,’for .the .use of the police force, have (sajstho Age) been received at the Victoria barracks police’depot. A suffi-; cient number were at'once cleaned and ad justed by the Government , armourer to equip the mounted police in the North-Eastern dis trict,, whither they have been despatched. These troopers are in ,cbarge of .Inspector Montfort, and as they are excellent marksmen/ and have been furnished with able weapons, they will no doubt ; be able to suppress any attempted bushranging promptly. - * ; Sir Arthur Gordon, the Governor of New Zealand, expresses la bis recent.despatch to the Colonial Office on native affairs a most favourable view of the character and actions of the Maori prophet Whiti, who was the leader of the recent disturbances.on the West Coast. Te Whiti the Otago Daily Times) is alluded to by Sir Arthur in the following, terms:—** Though; himself a chief, be ii cot one of tbe highest.rank, and owes his power mainly, to his individual qualities. He was oneof those who bad declined to take part against the Government in 1865, though many, if not most, of bis tribe then did so. In 1868 he successfully used bis already large influence iq keep back those 'who were, under his authority ‘ from "joining .'the outbreak "Under Titokowaru, during tbe whole continuance cf which be and his people remained quiet at Paribaka. The next 10 years witnessed the rapid growth and development of his influence. Educated by a Lutheran missionary, and deeply versed In the Christian teachings, he preached a vague and mystical religion, of. which be himself ,is the prophet. Eloquent and subtle, and animated by an unquestion ably earnest patriotism, be has for many years exercised a powerful, and for the most part beneficial sway over the hearts and lives, not only of bis own tribe, but of a large section of the Maori population. ‘ Where bis influence extends drunkenness is unknown, industry is exacted, and peace sedulously inculcated.” Yesterday’s Oreswich Advertiser says:—“ At St. Andrew's Church on Monday morning the Rev. C. Robinson, B A., alluding to the meet ing to be held at tbe Town Hall this evening, said that ho should refrain from taking* any part in the proceedings, for the reason that there was a tendency in these meetings to stir up sectarian differences and national prejudices, which it would be better to forget and allow to pats into oblivion. Further, because under a pretence of loyalty- these meetings were evidently got up for a political purpose; and that if a political party were not launched upon the strength of these meetings those who pulled the wires knew that it would! only ha because they would not prove strong enougb;.or enthusiasm enough be thrown into the movement to : justify the adoption of such a course, and that therefore he refused to. be made a tool of .for advancing«the interests of any particular r -, ' 5 • : • Some'extensive -alterations. were: (says■ the .Age) to be proposed-by the bill- to amend the ‘regulations of the Post and Ttdegraph Depart ments, which, however, have pot seen the light io consequence; of Mr Francis? recent motion' condemnatory of ..the budget proposals of the Government. Besides reducing ’ the, 'postage on tetters from 2d to Id,Mr Bolton, the Post* master-Gteneraly had inserted,iti the draft bill a clause tp the effect that all letters ; and /tele grams addressed to persons* at dubs, hotels, restaurants, and other places not" claimed within a specified time should -be returned to -.■the d»partment by orcoaduc- 1 JtjiMof such establishments. Anotbei. „i presided for increased facilities for the c. •' UB of postal parcels, the weight beine :„‘ aga , to BO lb. The introduction of th“bid I * been postponed the Mini.terh,7 us consideration the euhj-ct of •?] *! letters," which has been brought nrnmU. under his notice. At present a leite“S 7 if not dinned, must necessarily remoA .f' post office for a month, when it is wtnJV the sender. It has been represented" 4 1° merchants end others that this dela, ,£L“J Kreat deal of inconvenience and tnmbu , Ur Bolton is endeavouring to work ont tp remove it. His great difficulty *• nee turn with letters containing remittaS*’ which might perhaps be oiannerf bv ihoßun* man improper manner. * 08fcnde f w , e are requested to notify iw •.the bonded warehouses at the port nf v 7 bourne will be closed for the purpose of f ¥ taking on Thursday next, 29 dr Ju ue Qs S date no-goods can be received or delivers The Commissioner of Cuatoms rtqueeU at any duty-paid goods not removed prior to k. date may be so stored as to proven", fusion in stocktaking. * mu ‘ at. law unprecedented, K . (TForW; believe, in this or any other rale under the •‘ meteor fl. B " of hngU-i,fi/ ere long to occupy the attention of S ■Supreme Court For a Couple of year, before the cessation of the payment of member 0 | the Legislative Conned, the late Hon. Willi,m Hrghatt, who represented the Eistern P r * Vince, with others of bis co- eenatcre, decline to accept any remuneration for their mentary services, and something like £ Z remained to his credit in the Treasurv US™ Mr Highett dicd intestate, leaving the value of some £200.000. His next of ku took out letters of administration t ‘ satisfied with the large dividend, to whiebth , succeeded, the, are now going in far the hce ,°f f public money which the deceased le.isk™ refused to draw. The Government, it h i demur to disburse, and legal proceeding, I ■consequently en tram. What the Ueue Z be. time and the •■ glorious uncertainty of Z. law can only tell. 3 ‘ 