1 — ? ? 1 ' ' ' (T-oloifrums from tha Ane.) I ? Crisis in Eoypt.— London, 19th July:' The Govorhor of the city of Cairo has sup-* pressed an uttompt on tho part of the natives to commence plundering tho' Eiiropenn quar ter. It is ithoiight that order twill -now be maintained without difficulty...... Portions of the city nf-Alexandria aro still on fire, though every effort has been made to extinguish tlie flamos. Arabi Pasha has threatened to cut off the water supply of tho city ? Tho Anglo-Proncn occupation of tho Smtz; Canal is to commcnco at once. : Tha occupation; by express agroernont botween the powers, i- limited to a period of tlirso months ? The urgent necessity of immediato. steps boing taken to protect tho Suez Canal ha* boen further demonstrated bv tho roceiot of intel ligence to tho effect that 10,000 Arabs are encamped in its vicinity, threatening to cIobo tbe traffic.... ..Dorvish Pasha, ' tho' head of 'the commission seat by the Sultan to inquire into tho affairs of Egypt, -has quitted tho ^British fleet and again landed at Alexandria.1 ,Ho will shortly leave Egypt, ? having 'been recalled by the Porto to Constantinople ? General Grant, tho late Presideut of tho .United States, has been delivering a1 speech -on tlio affairs of Egypt. IIo cordially ap. proves of tho action of England in: forcibly interfering ? So groat has boon tho exodus of Europeans from Cairo (luring the past few day's (hat there tirb now only .20 Enropoans left in the city ? Tlio to mi of Saez, a sea port at the head of tho Gulf- of' Suea, i« now almost des6rtod......Tho British troops which ' recently' arrived in the harbour at 'Alexandria undor tho command of Major-Goneral Sir Archibald Allison, have not yet boen landed. Tho delay iii their disembarkation has aroused great indignation at Alexandria, as the Kho divo and his'party consider they should havo been sent ashore at once to assist in austain ing tho authority of Tewfik, and repelling any contemplated attack on the part of Arabi ? ? In consequence of tho manifesto issued by Sir P. Beauchamp Soymour, and tho steps taken to restore, law and- order, increasing confidence is boing shown by tho native in habitants'of Alexandria, many of whom are now returning to their ordinary vocations. Fire at, Smyrna. — A disastrous fire lias broken out at Smyrna, the chief seaport of Asia Minor. One hundred houses are al ready in llames, and the fire is spreading. .Risi.va op Arabs in Algeria. — The Arabiehiefs.in the vicinity of Oran, a forti fi.-d city in Algeria, on the Mediterranean,: are assuming the ofFonsivo and arming their followers, in expectation of a general rising of Mohammo.ians. This movement was quite unexpected. -The Ballarat Courier says that Judgo Hol rqyd evidently believes in walking as a re creation. His Honor spent Sunday afternoon up to 6 o'clock, in a walk that covered a lino of over twenty miles of country. The Chief ?Justice is also a lover of pedestrian exercise. It is said that he walks from his residence to tbo Supreme Court, when adjudicating there, -every morning, and hom e -again-'1 in tlve even ing, at a pace that would tako the tone out of many a. younger man, ......... . .. At the half-yearly moeting of tho A. J. 3 Bafik a dividend of 10 por cent and a bonus of 2s ..per.shnce was declared, . leaving a ba lance of £7,7.80 lis. : . . ' Thb members of tho Friendly Societies' Commission returned from Newcastlo, where they took voluminous aud important evidencs in regard to the varioui lodges of friendly societies. In tho Hnute'r district, it appears, some of the lodges have only about £2 las per member to their credit to meet all liabi lities; .... - ? ? ? It is stated that Mr Elsdon, lately Engi neer-in-Chief of the Victorian Railways, hns decided to settle in Sydney, with; a view of practising his profession. ! ?' Ddrinb the first quarter of this year tho Rail way, department' issued 2016 suburban first class season tickets; and 1982 second class. Tlioso figures show a very large in crease upon the corresponding poriod of last year. Messrs Griffith and VY eavor on W ednesday held their first annual sale at Havillah, Mud gee, of Mr fl. G. White's, noted stud mid; flock rams, selling over 1700 at an a'veriigd of 5 guiuoas oacli. / .! MES8iisiGoldsbrough & Co, in ? writing to the papers re tho amalgamation with Messrs Mort and Co., oxpross tho beli»f that a fusion of the two oldest wool firms in New South Wales aud Victoria will not only be advuu tageous to both colonies; but also prove a step, towards federal ntiioti. i \ , IJtilization of Sua ^VVatki. — The re cent progress of electric machines has largely directed attention to. tlio'econoniical produc tion of force. The soil with its tiles and surge, offers stores of- forco little' ritilisod as yet. Two scliomos for turning the wave motion of tho sea to good account have lately appearod. -Mi Victor Gauihez (whoso me thod is described Jn La Nature) . would sus peiul'a large'float by ropes froni a pulley out side of a stono enclosuro built a short way from the beach. Wit/bin the enclosure is a bell-shaped iron vessel, suspendod from a central pulley system, connected with tha 'floiit-pnlley. This moves up and - down in correspondence with the float, on a ? block of' -masonry,; which lias passages: communicating with the air space above and with a rope be low, which extends to a rusprvoir on shore. The boll,-' in: rising; - sucks- in', air' through' ralVos in its tipper surface, and, in fulling, forces the air along tho passages to tho re servoir. Tha ropes aro kept ulways taut bjr means of a weight hung! in air from a pulley connected with the central system, and tho bell has at its lower pa'rt a caoutchouc mem brane connected with the 'block of maBonry. M. Gauchez specifies tho dimensions which ho thinks would ensure a rapid flow into the re servoir and involve no excessive heating! In the other scheme, by Professor VVellnbr, 'of Brunn (au account of which appears in Dinaler't Journal), thero is fixed along a sea wall a sort of air trap—a metallic case, : open belotr,' now in 'air, now in water, as the wa,ves beat on it. At tho top of this com municatoB through- valvo and pipes with a reservoir, in which Hits ^ air' is 'compressed, and the force thus supplied may be directly uti lised for somo purpose, flerr W elltior brings the pipo frpra tho reservoir to the iower part ot an air wheel, which is like an ovor-saot water wlioel, immersed in water. The air displaces the water from tho cells, and drives the wliool round, whileiejfpanding and rising to the surface'. Tho system works with dif ferent degrees of compression, if the air con ducting tube b'o providod with sovaral valves, so that tlio air may bo admitted to the wlieol i at, different depths, according to the pressure Willi Binall waves nnd compression it l is . ad mitted higher; This apparatus the 'author purpoijos alao to use by.; way, af ' supplying coiled air for boer cellars, larders, &o;, in hot climates.— Times. ; ; At' tho hearing ot a ense. against -Willium Rowo, a publican, of Melbourne, : for- using poisonous adulterants, in Uquor3 sold by him, tho following evidonc# (reported in the Argus)- was givdn by. Mr William: Johnson, Govornmoht analytical cheniist : — Ho ha;l made ail analysis of tho bottle con'.nining acid produced, an I he found that its strength Wns at tho rato of 1060 grains of oil of vit riol to the pint. It was such a liquor as was fraudulently used for the purpose of sdul toratiou. Oil of almonds and oil of vitriol were used for adulterating spirits, for the purpose of making liquor appear to bs vory much stronger than it roally was. Thoro was a prevalent opinion among tho public that agood 'band' iiidioated a good ' quality ami atrengtli of spirit. Somo publicans used vitriol and other similar poisons for the pnr poso of- producing' a Uoad upon poor and woak spirit. . 'It had a soapy efisct when' shaken, and produced a good 'bead.' Tho sample 'of .'whiikey, produced had contained a. quantity of the oil of vitriol, or somotliing analogous, whon he receivod it from tho Excise Depart ment on the 22nd ultimo. It contained 71 grain's -of- oil of vitriol to tho gnllon; and it was 18 d eg. under proof. Sulph.irio aei l was very deloterious iu largo quiu.itiei, or if taken in small doses for a long ii ne, but iu small quantities it was only a pUusant tonic. He did not think there was enough i - i the whiskey5 to be injurious. ?' Acids were injuri ous to some people, and quito beneficial to others. Tho stuff in tho bottle containing the oil of vitriol was a most atrocious poison. ? Buitirs' native cottage is a pnblichouso ; tho spot where Walter Scott was born is oc cupied by a beor shop; Coleridge's residence at Neither Stowey, and Shelley's at': Great, Morlowe are beer sliops^ while Mooro's birth place is a whiskey shop. Sensational pianists are at present the rago in London. A Hungarian has arrived who has only one hand, the left, with which he is reported to do: marvellous things, and a still more remarkable phenomenon is about to appear, a young lady,. Miss Weiss, who, having lost the use ot her left hand tlirough paralysis, performs only with her right. Concerning Madame Patti's engagement with Mr Mapleson, that gentleman says Madame Adelina Patti is engaged to him for six months, commencing in October next, to sing at least twice a week, for which sho is to receive £917 a night. The sum of £9170 has been already paid to' her credit at her bankers in New York, as u guarantee for the payment ot', the last ten nights' services. In addition to this Madame Patti will havo her private Pullman travelling carj containing: drawing and dining rooms,: kitchen, and sloeping accommodation for tho wholo of her servants, as well as two cooks, who, will accompany the expedi tion. *? Riveiiina Trade. — Tho Government of Victoria huve decided to allow a rebate equal to about 20 per cent on the carriago of goods forwarded by rail from Melbourne, Williams town or Sandrid go to Wodonga for Hay. ? Advantages of Railways.— As an in stance of what can bo done in speedy travel ling between Sydney and Riverina since the opening of the railway to Hay, the ? Ss M.\ Htrald states that '.'a gentleman left Sydney by train1 at'eigh'i. o'clock on Monday night, and after spending the whole of Tuesday afternoon in :Hay, proceeded to Deniliquin, and thence' to Aloaina) Echuca, Rochester, Sandhurst, ami Melbourne, in which place he spent thirteen hours, and returned to Syd ney-a little after seven o'clock on Friday, having been absent from Sydney only throe days, andjiiut of bed only' one night, whilo crossing the Old Man Plain between Hay and 'Deniliquin.' Colour and Constitution in Stock.— For. many years an opinion prevailed amongst breeders that colour influenced constitution and' with those holding such opinion white was- .ji tabooed colour ambngst shorthorn c;ittla. Asso manyol the' very host short horns of lata years have boon white, it had | almost , becpnio the favourite colour with rnany breeders, and it was thought that the idea of its beiu- ah ihdox'of want of vigour, had; boen entirely dissipated. Not so, how ever, for tho question is again boing warmly disc.ussod ia tha pages of somo English journals.! ? So far; ihoweyer; tho objectors: to the j' all iwhite's '? hiiy'ei by far the 'worst' of, the i argument,' as the practical ' testimony is entirely against thom, The opponents of the; white.; colour roason thus:;: — ''/White means a diminution 'of vigour; ' a ' failing 'of power to prodnco the original colour; just as iu ii man tho procoss of growing gray eventually white — is a suro sign of failing vigour.' On the other liand; : it is shown, according to Darwin, that cattle when allowed to ran wild - havo a tonJoncy,; to became white witli'coloured oars; mid ii is objorved that amongst certain lines— notably, soma of tho Duchess 'families, which have long boen bred within -themselves— the . ten dency is to run to white. This, according to some,' verifies the correctness of Darwin's observations, that they are' reverting to their original colour, tho process not being pro vontod or disturbed by 'crossing. This may ,bo dismissed as''a pretty little theory, in no way, as yot, , supported by- practical proof., Tho discussion, however, has brought to light-one fact worthy the attention of short horn brooders even in' this remote ' portion of tho globe. It is well known amongst breeders thatlthe'oelebratcd Bates ^trib'el: of ': cattle (known- as' the ' Foggathorp'a ' tribe) was notorious for its yellow tint, , and it is' now given as. a fact, by . practical observers, that tlio uso of a white bull upon a yellow, cow is apt to produce a bluo-roan calf. It is needless to say that, in Australia* as well as, ! iu England, 'bltio-roan is ''tho' most objectionable of all colours ''in*, shorthorns — . that no animd! of thftt colour, will command a fiiocy price, howovor long and unalloyed its pedigree.— Queen'slander. ' ', :' ;l Ketten^ '.'recently-' gave a concert at Naples'/where the receipts aro taxed, and tliQireveudo officer as u consequence de manded 12 percent., the customary \charge. The piano-gymnast rosistod thia duty being levied on the ; ' deadheads (wliioh , repro: sehted 945 lire)' and .Mr. Inspector had ultimately .tolgo'to court.1 ! - Galleotti,-, tho.Italian boy .nin'o years , of oge, who is,. creating a , great, impression:, in tho; London drawing-rooms by ? his- remark able powers a3' ? an ' improvisatore at tho pianofortb,.'w'as at a party rooontly. given -by - Sir George;.; Wo.mbwa'll'.1 to ,tho ' Prlnoa- of Wales. The first subjects, two bars of melody, given by- Mr ? Grpsamith, 'and ; Mr Alfred. de| Rblhscliild; ; wero treated './with' much skill.-. The Princa: then asked 'Mr i Grossmith to play the ghost im-lily from 'i Tho ,Corsican Brothers.' ' This (with great 8nccess'Galleotti treated in turn as inarch, fuguo, and waltz. : Bratikg Tim Fitzrot Boukds. — A. novel ceremony in tho colonies \r»i perfonnod lait week on tho occasion of boating the bounds of the city of Fitzroyy in honour of the, annexation of a portion of the Bruns wick borough. A procession was formed at tlio town hall, consisting of ten boys with wants as boundary beators, tho city in spector, tlie city surveyor on horaebaak, somo juvenile boundary beatorj, tho band ! of the Fitzroy State school, the banner of I the city, tho mayor and totrn clerk iu robes of office. Fitzroy councillors and councillors of other districts; manicipal officials, board of advice, toachors, fire brigade, and the band of the lifeboat crew. The children of the State schools woro bands indicative of the proclamation: of the municipality in 1858 as borough in 1863, town in 1S70, and -.ity in 1878. The most extraordinary part of the ceremony took place when the pro fession arrived at the Victorian-para'do Bowling Green Club house, which is aitua Lted on the boundary line ot tne jntzroy municipality. The mayor iu his official robes, in company with the town glerk and two boys, went through the feat of climb ing over the building, to the groat amuse ment of tho spectators. After the accom plishment of this feat refreshments were partaken of in the club-room, and the pro cession then traversed the remainder of the route until the Edinburgh Gardens were reached, where shorts were provided for th» children, wha seemed to thoroughly enjoy the day's amusement. In the even ing,' about 250 ladies ' and gentlemen as sembled ia the Fitzroy to?rn hall at the in vitation of the mayor, and dancing was kept up until an early honr. Amsterdam Exhibition 1883. — Ponding tlie'orgahization of the ltoyal Commission under the great seal of the colony, it has, under sanction of tho Hon. the Minister for Mines, been deemed advisable, in conse quence. of tin close approach of the shearing season, to at once invite the high-class wool- growers of our colony, :to send ]a credi table display of our staple product to tha International Exhibition at Amsterdam Exhibitors are iuvited to fend some or till of the undermentioned descriptions: — 1 box 30 lbs. washed rams wool; 1 do. do. ewes do. 1 do. do. hoggots' do. 1 box 40 lbs. groasy rams' wool ; I do. do. ewes' do ; 1 do.: do hoggets' do. Anyone desiring to, send a good bale of ordinary Commercial wool can do so. It is recommended that tho wool should consist of fleeces well skirted. Each lot of wool should be the growth of one person or firm, whose name must bo stated. Forms of entry will be sent in due time' to l-o' filled and returned to tho secretary. Thbre is no charco for ontrv. The Govern ment will carry all exhibits free of charge, on the New South Walo3 Railways. The Commissone'rs will be proparad in Sydney with, suitable cases of uniform size in which to display the wool at the exhibition. Ex hibitors are rscommended, when sending the^ wool to Sydney, to pack it without pressure in cases lined with calico to keep out the dust. Tho wool thus forwarded arrives in much bettor condition than when sent in sacks or bags. The Commissoners confidently rely on our flockmasters sending such a collection as will enable them to maintain the position our colony has already attained as la high-class woo 1 producing country. The wool will be sold in Amster deom at the cloie 'of: the Exhibition, and account sales \ rendered to the owners. Until the appointment of Secretary to . the Comtnissonerf, any information required may be obtained from P. N. Trebeck, 24, Hunter-street. ' A most melancholy story comes to us from Jimboombah,' says the Brisbane Courier, - '-' concerning the accident which happened on tho Logan Eiver, between M'Lean's and the Logan Villager ? Our telegram stated ihat Mrs Evans and her three: children had been drowned. ' Our correspondent says that four children were drowned. Furthermore, ous correspondent's narrative runs as follows:—' Dick Evans, the father, had been away at work the begin ning of last' week; biit came homewards sn Wednesday, and when -on ' the opposite Bide from where he lived lie called out to be brought across, but no one came. Thinking his family had gone to somo of their neigh bors, ho went and slept at Mr. W. , Markes'.: Next morning no one being yet at home, he made inquiries, but his wife- or little ones had not . b'eeu seen. Surmising something was wrong, -he, with soma others, searched the river, and soon found the punt (used for crossing) full of water, and in it tho dead body of his.'eldest : daughter.- Drags were procured, and then - the 'woman and her other children were brought upi' Tho bodies were interred in one grave in the cemetery. . The - Crisis ' rar, Egypt.— London, 20th' July : The Porte has at length intimated its -consent . to , a -Turkish occupation: 'of. E^ypfe. 1 The conditions of 'the occupation have yet, to be settled. . With a viow ''to arriving at an auiicable arrangement of the terms upon which the Sultan will undertake the ' pacification of Egypt, the Porte has suggested that a fresh - conference of the powers should bo summoned to, decide as , to tho course to be pursued. ? Taking ad-; vantage of: the delay, of the British -in renewing; operations against, him, s Arabi. i as ii a naB comptetedtne erection- «t formi da.blo fortifications at Kafradowar. He has also', received reinforcements' of troops and ; has brought his'army into a' reasonable state of., discipline. Having completed arrange ments he has carried out his treat to eut off tho jwater supply of Alexandria and is now nearing the city with a large :force..... .In .order that there may be no interruption, to tlio | passage of tho various mail steamers ['through the;Sue«. Canal, it has !).eon decided; to; secure the safety of the mails, and to prevent delay in their :delivory, by placing, the mail steamers under the special :protee-' tion ofthe 8hips:of:war of the powers. - Each mail stiamor will for, tke future be escorted : (hroush thecaualbv bne:,or'm'6re menof war..... .Lieu tenant-General Sir, ,I?rederic(c .Roberts, V.C., has arrived at Suez.... ..Tho ?Spajnish GbVerhmedt areatioiii! fo' despatch several vessels of the ironclad fleet to takev part with tho ships of tho other powers iu protecting the Suez Canal... ...In accordance ?with tho understanding arrived at when the Egyptian conference waa convened, the as sembled plenipotentiaries have', decided that j it is outside thoir province to diBcuss any quostions affecting tho Suez - Canal. They express- tlie:opinion that the .integrity of the; Canal ;being a matter ofiinteEnational- imrrL poijtanco, must bo considered, as outsido the: I ordinary ratine of tho Ensteru quojtioa ? 'I'he Ottoman ' Porte, in replying to the identical noto addressed by the representa tives of tho powers raquostin^' the Sultan to send troops to E-ijypt, has returned a favor able roply, and Turkey has now coiisepted to join tho conference of- tho powers with tiie view of concerto I action in tho aff.iirs of Egypt. ; ' ; A well- written iin l well-displayed adver tisement, kept constantly before tho public eye, will bring w-ro trado. to a merchant than a million hand-billa.— Last words of Henry IV. of France 