ALBURY. (from our own correspondent.) Wednesday. A shocking accident occurred at the railway extension works, Albury, on Mon day. One of the tracks was on the swift run which the drivers cause them to take. \- > preparatory to the truck being tipped, when the driver's feet caught in one of the points, and he fell, the truck going over his thigh, and smashing it completely. The poor fellow lingered but a short time, when death mercifully put ah end to his sufferings. A veritable ghost story from Albury. Scene : Two attached cottages, in one of which some time age, a woman was pushed into the fire by her husband during a drunken carousal, from the effects of which sh8 died. 1 am positively assured by the tenants' wives in both cottages that the manifestations of the ghostly visitant are to be heard nearly every night. These consist in shaking the beds in both houses, opening and shutting the doors and gate, and kindred noises usually indulged in by nocturnal visitors from the realm of shadows and spirits. Yet this is the latter part of the nineteenth century. Maccabe performed last night to a crowded house. A close, oppressive day was yesterday — the thermometer, I don't know what in the shade, but very little short of the three figures I am sure. In the evening we had a heavy thunderstorm and a tropical downpour of rain which extended through out most of the night. As the ground has been getting rather parched lately, this rain is a blessing for which we ought to be thankful to that beneficent Providence who showers down his mercies so liberally upon us, and for which we show leas thankfulness than an ordinary Mohammedan, for ho never fails to kneel, wherever he is, twice a day, and thank God for his mercies and implore his blessing and protection. A little retrenchment is heing indulged im by our paternal Government. The chief oierk's position in the Albury Cus toms, vacant by the removal of Mr Farnell would hi thB Colonial T">asury, there fro« l be a vefy different style of re zn New South Wales th tIrv nffiULbe the.abolishment of one soli- ? e bere and there, but an organised and severe system of retr«nm "form. auu I Tb "ta ted in my last effusion that nine of xs adesmen &c.;, of Albury were the ttu>. according to public report. The " dowL 1 rfchy intelligence says there same tru. ,, jQ0 ready to follow, are at leasi >. 0f our go-ahead and What with n. ,or3 selim„ out to enterprising sem <>i. and 0UYutter want neighboring squatters, v BOrt fop whidl of manufactures of evei, od through her Albury is especially adapts ifc llot situation on the Murray, «. a few years unlikely that in the course of . ,-3 S(,a. on a Beechworth artist will take h. Albury the ruins of the Union Bridge in %erted and sketch the remains of . the de.. ,gej£ village which was wont to boast hoi as the Border City, and the future cent, of government of a federated Australia. Pride will have a fall. Tho river is very high, and is still rising. 