SPORTING NOTES. i|Bv PLEHIPO.] On Tuesday evening a meeting of the Norinanby Cnicket Club was held at the Criterion Hotel.: Thefellowing members were present, Messrs J. Hagger, vicepresident, Pencraft, H. Allan, Maokintpsli, Lloyd and Scanlon. The secretary said that tlie treasurer was absent from Sale and he was unable to give the financial statement, but frcm what data lie had to go upon lie...thought the total amount of the liabilities of the club was £17 0s 9d and' againet tins they had about £5 in hand, £5 6s subscriptions due, £5 value of material, leaving adebt balance of £114s 9d. The question of the amalgamation between the Sale and Normanby clubs came on for discussion, the tone of the meeting being thoroughly favorable to the' scheme, and it was decided to send Messrs Hagger, Mackintosh and Benoraft, as deputation to the meeting of the Sale club to be held this evening, they to use theit. own discretion entirely in the matter, and. the Normanbyites to be bound by. their action. The secretary was instructed to write to the secretary of the Sale club and inform him of the proposed delegation, and at the same time to send liiin the, statement of the club's accounts. I trust that there will be a large meeting 'of the ;Sale ' club, and that both they and-the Normanby delegates will enter on the matter in a purely cricketing spirit, when I am sure that they will both agree, that the only thing that can benefit-.cricket in. Sale is amalgamation. I.believe that there are only about 30 members altogether in both clubs, so that the folly of having a division, between these few is apparent. It is an old saying that if you want to hear, news.of yourselves you must go away from home, and that there is some truth in it will readily be acknowledged when the following par is read. It is from the Manchester: Athletic News, and runs thusly—" The Australian Cricketers ought to have supported the winner of theDerby, as Shotover is the name of two of the largest gold claims out in their part of the .world." Now I want to know where these claims are situated, for I have spoken to a few well-known mining men and not one of them seems ever to have heard of the Shotover mine. . I am told that Mr Carpenter has ordered from Mr Drakeford a chain, and medal exactly similar to the one presented for the champion prize by the members of the club. Fadelma, the winner, is the iproperty-of both Mr Carpenter and Mr J. M'Farlane, and as each desires to 3iave a trophy to commemorate their victory, Mr Carpenter lias determined to spend the added money on a similar trophy to that worn by his partner in The last contest of the Gun Club for the present season takes plaee to-day in Mr gSwan's paddock. The secretary has scoured the" district and Melbourne to get sufficient pigeons, and although he has managed te scrape enough together for ihe match, there will not be sufficient for any sweeps, so that they will be shot off at the glass balls which have now become so popular amongst shooters, as a means of recreation. : The great race for the Metropolitan ended in the return of Masquerade as the winner- He liad only the light weight of Gst on his back, and when the others were done with he came home an easy winner in 3min 33sec ; Comet, 6st lOlbs, was second; Britisher, 6st l01bs,tlurd. The favourite, Sting, was inaprommentpoBition until 150 yards from home, when he collajpsed and could only get sixth. Masquerade started at 4 to 1 and Sting at 5 to 2. . A very largely attended meeting of the Sale Rowing Club was held last night at the Royal Exchange Hotel, Mr John Wishart, vice president of the club, Occupying the chair. The treasurer reported that the amount,.of cash m hand was £53, and there was a further sum of £12 due for subscriptions. It was resolved that circulars be sent to those in arrear, requesting them to pay their subscriptions, and that those in arrear for nine 1 months have their names struck off the list, unless they pay at once. It was then decided that , the secretary write to Edwards of Prince's Bridge, enquiring tlie,price of a new four oared boat with all the most modern improvements. The 4th October was fixed for the opening day for the season, and as this will be on a Wedhtesday,. the.;Mayoris to be requested to declare a Jhalf holiday for the occasion. Some other routine business was transacted, and the meeting closed. \ ' R ; - THE MELBOURNE CUP. ..-. It is now my duty as a sporting scribe to analyse the performances of tlie horses left m the great handicap of the south; There are few more difficult matters to touch upon than prophesying the winner : of a race so open to market operations. It is never very difficult to pick the winner of a small race, but when it pomes to selecting the first horse for a race upon which depend hundreds and thousands of: pounds and that ..money too, influencing the .race, the task is by no means an easy, one • -The popidarity : Of : the Melbourne Cup' is annually increasing, and indeed it may truly be styled the great Australian holiday, *for averyone tries to get to Melbourne to see "the Cup" race. This year - promises to be no • exception, for there is not, so far as is known, any great "chuck in." Mr Barnard has .framed Ins • handicap with such' foare vthat -there is not yet any very hot: favourite, as has been -the ease in- 'past years. This being so, the at-, tendance wdl undoubtedly be even greater than last year. Well I must to my task,., disagreeable: though, it be, and I trust tliat my vaticinations will be near the mark: ' The top weight , has been awarded to the well-known son. of .The Peer, and Lurline, the gallant Darebm, . who has, the severe impost of 9st 91bs to carry. It is generally conceded that Mr Barnard has handicapped;the Derby winner right; out of the-, race,: unless he be such a wonder as wo have never yet seen. Com-; pared with ;.many 'horses below- him :he must have 110 show, and as I cannot believe in his ability to accomplish two miles tn .suoh company as he will-meet: ln thiB raxiej Imust dismiss him/at once. Next on the list stands -Mr Pearson's fouryear-old colt. Commotion, by Panic from Evening Star, who has 9st 51b to; carry: Thu.js undoubtedly a big weight, but I believe jfc is not -an ounce too much for him, as last season Ae--showed himself to be one of the most superior animals in training. That he can sstay the distance no-reasonable'inau -can doubt; "for ho got second.! to 'Coriolanus :;:m:;the .Champion: race, winches three miles. And "besides this ihe won the St. Legerm3mial6sBc; Ihe fastest-time m which it has been run: •age, and now lie is only called upon: to • cany Bib over his -weight for age. Now as all: the Panics improve with .age, I must certainly say-that I think Commotion really well in. The next 011 -the " scroll" la Lord Burleigh, who. has 8sl 12lbs to his name, or 151bs more tban hp eould do anytlimg witb last year. As his lordship is now getting into the sprp and yellow, I cannot stand him for this race. Barber, has 8st ;91bs, and .here again is a horse that has not the ghost of a. show, for the distanee is teo much f or the black-; son of the " demon;":. I now. coine to Savanakaj who is called upon to carry. 8st : 91b8. Now if the gallant-grey were onlythe horse he once was we shouldnct liave to look any farther fpr tho winner, but I: am afraid it is.no use going into his: perfoi manceB, for lie is too much used up: to make any more sensational wins.. Proctor is a six-year-old and has 8st; to his name. He is by Warlike: from Prioress by Magus; and runs back to old Peter Finn and Spaewife; Warlike was imported from England, and was by Weatherbit, and Ins grand-dam was Pocohontas, the dam of the mighty Stockwell. Now on paper this seemB ?ood enough for anything, but we also lave to look at his performances. He ad three winning brackets to his name last year all in Queensland, but his best performance was carrying 8st. 131bs to victory in the Brisbane Cup, which he won in 3mm. 38Jsec. Now considering that the Queensland turf is faster than ours, this time is not nearly good enough for the Melbourne Cup, and I fail'to see how the 51bs less which lie lias to carry will allow him to win. Doubtless, he may be improved, and it must also be remembered that his company m the Brisbane Cup was not by any means of a high class. I must say, taking all things into consideration, that I think Proctor a really good outsider but I do not think he will 'win. Martindale does not require a word, as I would not take a hundred pounds to a gooseberry about his starting. First Water is a geod little horse, but he is too small to carry 8st 61bs, and therefore I need not waste room in noting him. Suwarrow was once the undoubted eliampipn pf his year, but a long spell does not seem to have benefitted him, and much as I would like to see him in his old form, I am afraid he is out of it. The next under my eye is Cunnamulla, a four-year-old with the moderate impost of 8st 21bs, a really nice weight for a well bred young horse that has distinguished himself by winning tlie Sydney Cup. He iB by Maribymong from Jessamine, who was from. Lilla the grand-dam of Woodlands, Hecla and Bathurst, but whose pedigree is very uncertain, as in it comes "from a mare belonging to the Rev. Mr Walker." Whether thoroughbred or not there can be no two opinions about the quality of the strains. Last year Cunnamulla's performances were 3rd in Railway Handicap, 1£ mile, 7st; Hawthorden, 7st lib, 1st; Rainbow, 6st 101b, 2nd. Time, 2min. 16sec. Won Sportsman's Handicap, 1 mile 3 furlongs, 7st 31bs; Rainbow, 7st 31bs,.2nd. Time, 2min. 28sec. Nowhere in Doncaster Handicap, 1 mile 1 furlong, won by Stella in lmin. 57B<?C. Won the Sydney Cup, 2 miles, 6st; Sweet William, 6st 101b, 2nd. Rainbow, Gst, 3rd. Time, 3inin. 34sec. Won Randwick Stakes, lj mile, carrying 8Bt 61b ; Bathurst, 9st 101b, 2nd; Rainbow, 8st 131b, 3rd. Time, 2min 15Jsec. I have been thus careful in searching the Turf Register for his per-, formances, so that my readers may know what the favourite lias done. The stable has cleverly executed their commission in favour of Cunnamulla, so that there is no doubt he must be " good goods, very." I believe he will be about on the day, for the stable have plenty of good trying tackle, and he must have answered tho question satisfactorily or he would not have been backed so heavily by his party. The Drummer has 8st lib to carry, and not an ounce too much for him. He has been returned a winner very many times, and is an undoubted stayer, for he ran a dead heat fpr the Cumberland Stakes with Lord lair. The time was very long though for it took them 3-45sec. to accomplish the two miles. He carried 8st to victory m A.J.C. Plate, but here again was a slow race, as the 3 miles took 5-44f. do not thmk The Drummer will be returned the winner for the Melbourne Cup this season, unless lie improves tremendously on his last year's running, I reserve my opinion on the other horses until a future issue, no more space being allowed me tins time. 