IMoveltst, BY SLOW- DEGREES' A STOllY OP AUSTRALIA. CHAPTER XVIII. BY ALEXANDER MONTGOMERY. AUTIIOU OI' " THAT FELLOW J-AHKKSli." Cintra was a moderately sized house of the villa order, standing in somewhat extensive grounds, and situated in the outskirts of St. Hilda. The house itself occupied the summit of a rise, and had thus a clear view over the thick belt of plantation which secluded it from the road. Entrance to the back was given by a narrow lane, which, diverging from this road, made a loop round the premise. 1 -: and rejoined the main thoroughfare about a quarter of a mile further on. In front of the house was a broad terrace, and on this terrace I was pacing up and down a few days after our arrival, when I saw WaJtereoming up the drive. The Count and his daughter, as it happened, were both from home, and in Walter's face, as I told him this, I could detect that contradictory mixture of relief and disappointment, which most people have experienced at the postponement of an anxious crisis in their affairs. " He. has come to ask the Count for hid daughter," I said to myself; and so it was. After a few turns up and down the terrace without speaking, Walter laid hi;-: hand on my arm and stopped me. " You are the Count's intimate friend," lie said. " I want you to tell me candidly what chance you think I haye of gaining Paola for my wife'?" The blue eyes were very troubled; the strong voice shook as lie put the question, and it was with a keen feeling of regret that I answered— " Very little, I fear, my dear fellow! You remember what I told yon about the Count's resolve to avoid any connection with your father!" "I remember 1" he answered, letting his hand drop from my arm; but I thought that perhaps his irritation on that point' would have subsided by this time." " You mistake the Count much," I said. " He is incapable of irritation in the sense in Which you use the word. His dislike to your father is founded on the caha conviction that he is a bad man, and an undesirable connection. You will excuse my plain speaking; but it is best that you should understand the position." " Certainly it is best," said Walter; " hat I think Count Giustiuiani judges too harshly of my father, or, rather, of me on my father's •account." " No Walter !—the Count does not judge -harshly of you ; he likes you much, and has -said so in so many words ; but as he does not hastily form a judgment, so he does not hastily alter one, and I fear you will find him in the •same mind as he was when he spoke to me, But come !—I do not wish to discourage you; ! you can but try. I need hardly ask how you etand with the lady herself." " No," said Walter—" I am all right with her ! But she would never run counter to her father's wishes!" " I am much mistaken in her if she would," I replied. " Then there is the question of religious opinions 1" " Why, surely, from what I know of the Count, lie would make no difficulty on that score !" 4 1 The Count—no! I3ut I meant the young lady herself 1 Walter remained silent for a few moments. " I have something to say on that point, " he answered then, " which may probably excite your ridicule." " Say on, and let me judge!" " I know," he went on, " that men of your school of thought—or at least of the Count's —would scout the idea of a man's beliefs being influenced through his affections, but the fact remains that my opinions on religious matters have latterly undergone a great change. "Am T^to understand, then, that you attribute this change to the influence of Signorina <Giustiniani ? Well, I nee nothing in that to ridicule; though I think you would be more correct in attributing the alteration to the lady's arguments than to her fascinations." " I have always envied her pure, lofty, untroubled faith," said Wither, " and I seem to have unconsciously imbibed a portion of it." "Do you call yourself a Christian, then?" " I do not know what to call myself; but I do know that I believe now in many tilings which I questioned when you first knew me." " All the better for you," I said. " You may remember that I told you at the time that any slate of belief was preferable, for the .sake of mental quietude, to a mental attitude •of universal scepUeism. But here come the -Count and the aif/mrina With a heightened color and a loss composed air than usual Paola greeted Walter. "1 have had such trouble with the padre shet said, laugh,ng "Coming out of the Public Library he picked up another person's hat instead of his own, and we had eot to the front gates before the owner arrived in hot pursuit. Absurdly angry he was, too: I really thought he would havo given the •Count m charge, though anybody could have seen that the exchange was far from being in the dear father's favor. Really he urows more absent-minded every day." "Only at times, Jhjlia mial' said the Count—"only now and then! y ou have something to say to me," lie added to Walter, as his swift, keen eye perused' the young man s ingenuous countenance " Yes, Count; if you can spare me a few minutes. "This way, then. P, r dma, Raymond: Paola will keep you company!" But Paola, who guessed what was coming had fled ere he spoke, and so, pacing the terracc alone, I awaited the result of the interview. In about a quarter of an hour the Count sent for me, and, going to his study, I found him twisting his long grey moustache in much perplexity. Walter stood by the window, and near the door was seated Paola, with a sparkle in her eye and a flush upon her cheek which betokened an emotion unusual with her. " I have sent for you, my friend," said the Count, " to have your opinion on a matter that nearly concerns my daughter's happiness. In a word—Mr. Addison,here, wishes to marry her 1 You are already aware of my primary objection to such a match, but I find that my daughter's affections are more seriously engaged than I had imagined. Perhaps I am to blame for not interfering sooner to put an J2ud to the acquaintance; but let that pass 1— the harm is done, and I wish now to hear if you can put the matter in any new light which would weaken my objections. I do not deny, you see," he added with a smile, " that I am willing to be persuaded, any more than I have concealed from Walter that I have a great personal liking for him. But there still remains—his father!" "But, sir," cried Walter eagerly,—"my father is not what you think him 1 and, even if he were, I do not see that lie need make so much difference. It may sound unfilial on my part to acknowledge that his habits are such as to make him an undesirable acquaintance for a lady, but by his own choice we should see but little of him." " My dear boy," said the Count, " you forget that you are still dependent on him! Your profession would not enable you, for years to come, to support a wife." " I can wait," said Walter. " I am no friend to long engagements," was the reply; "and my daughter shall not form one with my consent." Paola came swiftly forward and clasped the Count'^hand. " You loved my mother!" she said—" take pity on us!" " Cora min " was the dry reply, " it is just because I take pity on you that I wish to secure you bread to eat, and so forth. Now, Raymond," he added, turning to me with something like a twinkle in his eye,—"you have not given your opinion yet." " My opinion, Count, is all in favour of these young lovers; though I must admit that the want of means is a serious objection. But perhaps you and I could" " Stay, my friend!" interrupted the Count; " I know what you would say, but that is not to be thought of for a moment—as far as you are concerned, at anyrate. Listen to me, Walter! Should you marry my daughter, I am able and willing to support you both until you are in a position to dispense with my assistance ; but I tell you plainly that I shall think the worse of you if you accept the proposal !" "Then you shall not think the worse of me on that account, at all events 1 " returned Walter warmly. " I could not think of such a plan for a moment! But you forget—my father is rich ! It will lie easy for him to give us the necessary income." The Count took a few turns in silence, " Your father," he said then, " would certainly not approve of your marriage with niy daughter. How that would affect his relations with yourself, you ought to be the best judge." " Believe me, sir," returned Walter—" whatever he may appear to others, he has always been a most kind and indulgent father to me. Give us your consen, land I am confident of his!" " And you really love this young man so much?" said the Count, turning to his daughter. " With all my heart! " she said ; and then, with a noble simplicity in no way akin to unmaidenly forwardness, she went up to Walter and took his hand in hers. A remarkable-looking couple they made, as they stood side by side, gazing eagerly at the Count's inscrutable face. The girl—of equal height with her lover—appeared the taller of the two, and her lofty southern beauty contrasted strongly with the square, sturdy, Saxon aspect of Walter, whose bright blue eye alone seemed to denote anything of a kindred spirit with Paola's. " Tall and short! " muttered the Count, meditating aloud as he looked at them. " This predilection of tall women for short men—but I forget! This is what I decide, Walter. If, as you expect, your father lie willing to make a sufficient provision for you, I will consent to the marriage; but it is only fair to te!I you, at the same time, that I make this concession in the full belief that I shall not be called upon to fullil it. You think differently ? Very well; go and talk the matter over by yourselves, but remember that I will not relax the conditions I have fixed !" " What were you saying just now, Count, about tall women and short men ?" I asked, when the lovers had left the room. " You interrupted yourself, you remember." " Ah, yes You must have remarked, your- | self, that persons whose stature is much above or much below the average generally select j from the otlier sex a partner who possesses the opposite characteristics." " Yes ; it is a matter of common observation." " How do you account for it ? " " 1 suppose it is the attraction of opposite:-;." . ! " It is more than that! It is a provision of Nature for the maintenance of her average standard of growth. If over and undersized men and women preferred mates of corresponding stature, the human race would gradually run to giants, on the one hand, and pigmies on the other ! " " That is a new view of the subject to me," 1 replied, " hut it certainly seems to rest on a reasonable basis." " Yes ; you will find the same force at work all through Nature. Any divergence from her normal types inevitably contains within it the seeds of reversion to those types." " You appear to think, then, that the promptings of Nature will not be carried out in this particular instance." " With regard to Walter and Paola, you mean ? No—I am as certain as that I stand here that Addison will refuse his consent to the match. As you heard me say to Walter, it is in that conviction that I make the marriage contingent on his father's approval. Had I the least fear jf that approval being obtained, I would not make the conditions I do, for my detestation of the elder Addison remains undiminished; though, as Walter might begin to think I was indulging in an unreasonable degree of animus, I have chosen to make the monetary objection the ostensible one." " But m a few years," I remarked, " Walter's profession will make him independent of his father, and thus dispose of the monetary objections." The Count smiled his caustic smile. " Is your hair thin and your heard grey, friend Raymond, he said, as lie tapped me on the shoulder, " and do you calculate like a boy upon what may happen in a few years?" CHAPTER XIX. Walter lost no time in writing to his father upon the subject of the marriage, and so confident was he of a favorable answer that he looked upon the matter as already settled. I was much less sanguine in the matter, however, for my confidence in the Count's sagacity was great; but I kept my misgivings to myself, and made no attempt to damp Walter's expectations. " Are you anything of a sporting man ?" he asked me, rather abruptly, on the morning following the conversation detailed in the preceding chapter. " 1 used to take a good deal o£ interest in such matters," I replied; " but not latterly. Why do you ask?" " Uecause I wish to tell you that, even if we take the worst for granted—if we suppose my father refuses his consent, 1 have still got a string to my bow J" " Indeed! But what lias that to do with sporting matters ?" " I will tell you. You have heard of the Melbourne Cup ?" " Of course ; the great race of the year." " Yes. Well, it will he run in a couple of months from now, and King of the South is first favourite." " So I see by the papers. The public appear to put great confidence in him." " So much the worse for the public ! I know of a horse that can run away from anything in the race, and that horse is not King of the South!—nay, more, he ia scarcely mentioned in the betting at all!" " Indeed! And this wonderful animal I presume you have backed." "Yes; I have got immense odds against him. I am not at liberty to mention his name, but I can put something on him for you if you wish." " Thank you !—I am not inclined to speculate ; and if you'll take uiy advice you'll have nothing to do with him either!" " Oh, I have not much to lose, and I stand to win enough to make me quite independent of my father 1" I shook my head. " My experience teaches me to place little faith in ' tips' of any kind," I said; " and these very mysterious and wonderful pieces of information are doubly suspicious. But I hope you know your man." " I do; there are two of them, and I believe they are both to be relied on. I am going to see them this evening; and, if you like to come with me, I'll show you a little Melbourne sporting life." " Agreed!—provided it be not of too low an order." " Oh, wo ! Quite respectable, for the sort of thing. I'll call for you in the evening ; goodbye in the meantime—I must get back to the office." " I wonder what the Count would say to this betting business," I said to myself when Walter had left me. " I'll sound him on the subject at the first opportunity." . But, though I carried out this intention in what I thought was a most diplomatic manner, the quick- witted Count saw how the land lay in a moment. "All!" he said—"I suppose our friend Walter has been dabbling in it. This betting mania," he went on, " is nothing more than the lottery-fever of the Continent, in another form. Your English law theoretically forbids lotteries, and so the inherent delight in the worship of chance must find another outlet. Not that there is any difference in principle. It is all very well to talk of the delight in a good race—the improvement in the breed of horses, and so forth; absolutely prohibit the betting, and horse-racing will sink into insignificance, instead of being, as now, the all-engrossing amusement of this community. As regards any proclivities which Wakcf may have in that direction, it will he time <^fc»ugh for me to consider that question when this matter of the marriage" is settled." Seven o'clock the same evening found me approaching with Walter a well-known sporting hotel in one of the principal streets of Melbourne. The front was a blaze of light, and, as we entered at a side-door, Waiter in- formed me that the landlord was the celebrated Bill Crusher, ex-champion of England. Paswing along a narrow entry, through various openings in which we caught occasional glimpses of the bar, resplendent with carving aad gilding, we readied a small, comfortably furnished room, the very atmosphere of which seemed to he charged with "sport." Oji the mantlepiece was a stuffed bull- terrrier in a glass-case, with a legend setting forth his apocryphal doings in the rat-killing way;, above that again was a surprising work of art in which all the colors of the rainbow had been lavished upon the representation of a celebrated "finish" for the Derby, whilst, round the walls the portraits of English scullers and American trotters alternated with those of various ornaments of the prizering, preparing in the most exemplary pugilistic attitudes to do battle with nothing in particular.. " My men will be here directly," said Walter, as, having looked at his watch, lie, rang the bell and ordered a bottle of sherry ; and by the time a broken-nosed barman returned with the wine the expected persons had made their appearance. Evidently both of the " horsy" genus, they nevertheless presented a widely different aspect. The bigger of the two, who was uiimistalseably a son of Abraham, was wheezy of voice andlleshy of face; his dress was of ultra fashionable and horsy cut, and the coarseness of his dirty red hands was enhanced by the numerous cheap rings which bedizened his fingers. The other was a low-sized, wiry man, with hard, square features, small, piercing eyes, and a twist in the corner of his wide, thin-lipped mouth as if he carried a straw in it. " Aw'll take a drop o' gin hot," said the latter, in a strong Yorkshire accent, when asked what he would take. " Aw didn't think 'at yo'd a brought anybody wi' yo' t'neet!" " Oh, it doesn't matter!" said Walter— " this is a friend of mine, who is just as safe as myself." • He—lighted to see any friend of yours, Mishter Addison," wheezed the other worthy, lighting a villainous cigar as",he spoke. " 1 shuppose you've come prepared for us, eh ?" " Yes," said Walter, and, talcing out his pocket-book, he handed each of them a small packet of notes. ' S'help me !" said the Jew, when he had counted his, " you've got the hinformation cheap—dirt cheap ! Ain't he, Jem ?" »Tlie Yorkshireman did not answer until lie had slowly counted his money over twice; then, placing it in a greasy pocket-book, lie squirted a stream of tobacco-juice from the corner of his mouth and sententiously ejaculated, " Worth foive toimes t'brass !" " Come, come!" said Walter with a laugh —" it's too late to talk about that, now ! The bargain's made 1 Now, Raymond, we'll go upstairs and see a hit of sparring. That's the cause of the noise up there," lie added, alluding to a mysterious shuffling and trampling which had been going on for some time over our heads. I now began to see that Walter was a much greener hand in sporting matters than I had supposed. He had evidently been paying pretty smartly for what was in all probability a worthless piece of information, and as we ascended the stairs I determined to take the first opportunity of opening his eyes. Turning into a dark passage, we paused at a door, upon which Walter tapped in a peculiar manner. A sliding panel was immediately withdrawn, and, after a muttered colloquy with the guardian of the door, it was cautiously opened, and we found ourselves in a large and brilliantly-lighted room, in the centre of which was a space covered with sawdust and fenced off with ropes. Within the enckwure two devotees of the fistic art were pui^jKelling each other with might and main, and on the benches round the walla sat a crowd of spectators, ranging In degree from the most elaborately dressed " swell" to the debased-looking creatures who formed the link between the low-class pugilist and the thief pure and simple. " Why all this precaution ?" I whispered to Walter, as we took our seats. " Sparring with gloves is not against the law here, is it ?" " No," he returned, " but these men are using what are called ' skin gloves,' which afford scarcely any protection from the blows. An encounter with them is virtually a prizefight, so there is a possibility of the police interfering," and, at that very .moment, as if to illustrate his meaning, one of the combatants was knocked down by a blow which sounded upon hia battered countenance as if it had been dealt with the naked fist. I felt somewhat disgusted, for, though not unacquainted with the pugilistic mystery myself, I heartily disapproved of prize-fighting, and had entered the room with the expectation of seeing only a display of harmless sparring; but before I could make up my mind whether to sit the thing out or not, a thundering knock resounded on the door, and a stentorian voice demanded admission " in the Queen's name!" All was confusion in a moment. The com- batants sprang out of the ring, the spectators jumjied down from their benches, and a confused rush was made for the door at the other end of the room. Carried along by the press, I lost sight of Walter, and found myself hustled helplessly down a flight of stairs leading tq the back of the house. Presently we came to a small door; it was hurst open ; the human stream poured out and scattered, and I found myself in a narrow passage, apparently leading from one street to another. Ignorant of the locality, I turned in the wrong direction, and reached what soon turned out to be a dangerous neighbourhood. A narrow street, with mean, dingy houses, and suspicious looking forms hovering furtively about ihe corners of the numerous lanes which led off on either side. "A villainous looking place!" I said to myself as I turned to retrace my steps ; but, before I had gone many yards, I found myself confronted by two dark figures. "Can you give me a light, sir?" came from one of them, but I was on my guard, and ready for the rush which followed before I could reply. One of the men I avoided altogether, and dealt the other "a blow in the chest which staggered hini. " Oil! that's your sort, is it ?" he cried savagely, as he recovered himself. "Come on, Bob, and we'll settle his hash for him! " I cast a rapid glance around; not a soul waa in sight but my two antagonists—botli men of nearly my own size—and, after a rapid interchange of blows, I received a stroke on the head which staggered me; but, just as the fellows were closing up, a crashing blow sent one of them to the ground like a clod. The other immediately took to his heels; pnd, turning round, I saw beside me a.powerfully built man of middle size, with bowed legs and disproportionately long arms. "Thank you, my friend," I said. "That was a timely blow. Will you help me to give this fellow in charge ?" " No, sir—no," was the unexpected reply. " If I have done you any service, I ask you to requite it by letting the man go," and, before I could answer, the thief settled thejnatter himself by scrambling to his feet and running away. " That decides it," I said. " I think your request a strange one, but, nevertheless, 1 am much beholden to you for your assistance. I am a comparative stranger in Melbourne." " So I supposed. Let me put you in your way again." " I have seen you before," I said, as wo passed a lamp and the light reveal (id my companion's features. " Were you not in the sparring-loom just now?" " I was, and I saw you there; I suppose yon missed your friend in the crush." " Yes, but I shall s®on find him again. May I offer you any money?" I added, with some hesitation, for, though my rescuer's broad shoulders were clad only in a, rough pea-jacket, and 3»s head in a rough fur cap, his language was that of an educated person, and his physiognomy had struck me in the boxing-room as being that of no common man. " Thank you—no," he returned briefly. " There's your way ; good night!" I found Walter looking out for me in front of the hotel. " I was beginning to feel anxious about you," he said, " for there were a good many rough characters about. You didn't think wc had tins sort of thing in Melbourne, eh ?" I did not answer immediately, for I was divided between my good wishes for the speaker and my dislike to anything in the way of " preaching." " Do you approve of ' this sort of thing,' Walter?" I asked at last. " Of prizefighting, for instance ?" 'Well, no; I can't say I do. But you don't think there's any harm in learning how to use one's fists, do you?" " C'ertainlynot! I can do a little in that way myself; nor is it many minutes since I found the knowledge useful." "By Jove!" said Walter, when I had briefly described my recent adventure; " there's a case in point, you see." " Yes, I don't deny it. But such an exhibition as we witnessed to-night can do no possible good, and it would be better to remain ignorant of the 'noble art' than to acquire it among such debasing surroundings. Then there is another thing 1 wisli to ,speak to you about, if you will forgive me for lecturing, and put it down to the interest 1 take in you." " Speak plainly," said Walter. " I am ready to be guided by your advice." " You cannot lie guided by it in this instance, unfortunately, for the harm is already done. 1 refer to the money you paid those two scoundrels for the ' tip.' " " Why, Raymond!" laughed Walter, " that is not like you—to put men down as scoundrels solely on the score of their looks." 'No," I admitted, "it is not like me; but my impression is all the more strong on that account. May I ask what you paid them?" " Fifty each!" " Thrown away!" " If I thought so," began Walter—" if I thought they were deceiving me"— " You could do nothing !" I put in. " They would say they were deceived themselves." " So they would, no doubt! Well, never mind; I have no fears about the matter. Have a weed ?" "' Lucrezia Borgia' to-morrow night," I said, looking at the bill on the gate of the Opera-house, opposite which'we had stopped to light our cigars. " My favorite opera! Will you come and hear it ?" " Yes, if you wish. Perhaps the Count and the ziflnorina would come too." " I'll ask them when I get back." " Very good. And, by-the-way, I think you had better turn back now to catch your train. I'll come out to Cintra to morrow afternoon." CHAPTER XX. " Baldovino," said the Count, in Italian, to his old servant next morning; " did not I yesterday see thee working in the garden?" " Of a truth, Ecccllenza,' answered the old man, " I did therein Jabcr a little—only a little !" " That was not well, my friend," Said his master. " Thou growest old and feeble, and such work is not for thee. I will engage a man to attend to the garden. See to it, figl'm mi a /" "I will advertise to-aiorrow," replied Paola. " Baldovino shall in future take his ease with his cigarette, while he superintends operations," she added, with a laugh. "The sifliiorina. is pleased to tie merry," said the old fellow, with a Joiv bow, " but the idleness it likes not Baldovino, and with the niguorinds permission he will still do so much as is possible to him." " Well, well—as thou pleosest," fiaid the Count; " but take care of thyself, for thou hast been a faithful and haid-working servant ! National prejudice,' hi went on, in English, when lialdovino had 'lobbied out of the room, " calls the Italian lazy ; but I fear me that what passes for laziness i,*- too often the want of something to do. The tiaveller sees the I/izznrani lying about in the sun ail day. 4 What an indolent people lie says ; forgetting that work must be lml before it can be done, and shutting his eyes to the fact that those Italians who hare, -it—do it with might and main. The history of Italy would prove—ah ! by-the-way, that reminds me, Raymond—you want us to go and hear 'Lucrezia Borgia' to-night. Did you think Italian opera in Melbourne would be worth listening to ?" I don't expect much," I answered,*" and so I cannot be much disappointed." "Well, you will find this company sur- prisingly good. The pieceB, of course, cannot be placed on the stage with the splendour of London or Paris; still, they are fairly mounted, and the singing is not to be despised. Indeed the basso—the Duke Alfonso of to-night—is at present under engagement to London, and in my opinion he will do no discredit to the boards of Her Majesty's. But you will be able' to. judge for yourself this evening. I see by the papers, too, that a new tenor undertakes Gennaro, but I do not expect much from him—the tenor is always the weak point of second and third-rate companies." Donizetti's " Lucrezia" is everywhere a favourite, and when we reached the Operahouse in the evenitag it was filled from floor to ceiling. The overture was played—the curtain raised—the opening chorus sung— and the new Gennaro made his appearance. Though evidently not young, he was slight and undersized, and certainly looked more of a stripling than the robust young woman who played Maffeo Orsini; but his voice was good, and had something in its tones which awoke a vague recollection within me. His face, too—despite the tinted cheek, the blackened eyebrow, and the pointed beard— struck me as one that I had seen before, and for some time I vainly tried to remember where ; but no sooner had the singer approached the footlights and commenced the beautiful " Di pescator' ignobile" than the truth came to me like a flash. The voice was Dumarlay's ! I looked round at the Count and saw by his face that he had made, by the eye, that discovery which had come to me through the ear. Yes!—scarcely less sweet and powerful for the passage of over twenty years, these were the tones which had made such an indelible impression upon my memory on that long past night at Monkton-Edgett. My mind travelled back to that time, and, absorbed in a painful reverie, I heard as in a dream the increasing applause which greeted each successive effort of the new singer. Would lie recognise the Count or myself, I wondered; hut no—his eyes, as they roved over the house, rested upon our party several times, and no look or motion betokened that he knew either of us. But after a time something occurred which did make him start. Towards the end of the second act there flounced into the stalls a party of flaunting, overdressed women, and no sooner did Gennaro's glance alight on them than he gasped, faltered in his music— and then went on again with an evident effort. Directing my glass upon the group which had caused this emotion, I was startled in my turn to recognise another link between me and my unfortunate past. Amongst the impudent jminted faces—altered by years and dissipation, by rouge and violet powder, but unmistakeable through all—was the face of Glika Nasilovitch! That she had—wholly or partially—recognised Dumarlay was evident from the fixed gaze with which she regarded him. Singing or silent, moving uhout or standing still, she never took her eyes off him, and so. uncomfortable did he grow under this scrutiny that his performance deteriorated until people bejran to think if he was ill. At List, however, the Russian relieved him of her presence by leaving the house, and the last act was sung as well as the first had been. The opera came to an end ; Gennaro, having duly died in great agony, was called before the curtain to receive, with his supposi-ti-tious mother, a final tribute of applause, and then for the first time I thought of looking at the play-bill. " Gennaro—Signor Claudio Dimarelli." " Claude Dumarlay, Italianised," I said to the Count, as we left the theatre. " That removes all doubt!" " Yes," he replied; " but I knew him the moment I set eyes on him." "He is not the only ghost of ihe past that has risen before me to-night," I said, and was proceeding to speak of the Russian woman, when the all-seeing Count interrupted me. He had recognised her as soon as I had. " Put these wretches out of your mind, my dear Raymond," he said. " They were not in it when you went to the theatre, and a little effort will drive them out again." But even as he spoke, and as we crossed the street which skirted the rear of the Operahouse, wc saw a dense crowd collected round the 'itage-door, and soon gathered from the scraps of conversation around us that Signor Dimarelli had been accosted, upon leaving the theatre, by a low woman, who had not only claimed him as an old friend but had assaulted him upon his repudiating the acquaintance. "The traps is taken 'er off to chokey!" shouted one delighted yaniin to another, and in a few minutes two constables made their way through the throng, dragging between them—struggling, yelling and blaspheming— Glika Nasildvitcli. " I thought as much," said the Count, as, having seen them disappear into the neighbouring police-office, we pursued our way to the raihvay-station, whither Walter and Paola had preceded us. (To be continued.) 