AMUSEMENTS. \- The Gaiety Theatre will , re-open this evening with Simonsen's Roysl English and Italian Opera .Company, in Balfe's " Batanella." Miss Martina Simonsen ia the prima donna, and appears in the title role ; Mr. A. Brennir takes tho part ot Bnpcrt, and the cast of characters will inclnda several artistes new to Sydney. The company number CO performers, and every preparation has been mado to produce the operas in their repertoire with duo effect. The sensational and spectacular drama of " New Babylon " was performed to another large .audi ence at the Theatre Royal laBt evening, when the thrilling sbipwrecksand other scenes were received with manifestations of satisfaction. The drama is announced far repetition this evening an t n ;-..l the end of Mr. Holt's season. The eighteenth representation of the comedy " The Gnv'nor" was given last evening at the Opera Honse, that theatre being again well filled, .dr. Frederick Marshall's eccentricities as the dnf boatman elicited rapturous applause, and a con tinuous flow of merriment, and the actors -mil actresses supporting him played in a manner highly becoming the characters they were oast tor. " The Gnv'nor" will be repeated this evening. At the Queen's Theatre last night, Mr, Birdett Howe again appeared as Hamlet, supported by Hiss Jnlia Iiayward as Ophelia, Miss Marian Willis as the Queen, and Mr. J. B. Steela as the Ghost. There was a fair attendance, and the repre sentation of the tragedy was not without many evidences of cnrefol acting and of study on the- part of tha exponents. This evening tho company will appear in tho drama 11 After Dark." At the Victoria Hall this cvoning, Mr. and Mrs, Hart will introduce themselves to the Sydney public with an operetta and musical comedy com pany. Their programme will include tho comediettas, " Diamond cut Diamond " and 11 My Wife's Relations." Mr. and Mrs. Hart havo been "successes" wherever they have beon, and there is every reason to believe they will tustnin their reputation in Sydney. Their performances arc very amusing and full of fan. 