-£attw mid trifles. DAYDAWV. SlXSiUNc and bright, from oat of the misty Esst The Morn comes, ushered in by joy bells pealed From each sky -hunting lark, each woodluid bird. The happy Kartli U dntbed an«ar. xfar In fi&r1-; so fair, ho mystically woven Of many- tinted crosses, 'bmidered o'er With flowers a-rtroopmz neiUi tne neavy «e« Deep in the pinevood wakes a little vrind. Wooes from the primrose cap of perfumed cold Thar hiriden hreatli— then dies a tit, to leare A lingering wire of f raznnce afl around ; While new-Mown violets trembling, ope their eyai In wonder at the beauty of the world. The cIowidc parple of a Rm-kist=ed bin. Uprising like a link 'twist firth and sty, A cascade fla-sbinc o*er a mos^-clad stone, sunbeams and sliadovrs minzlin^ drtaraBv : Ml all combine to mate one perfect Whole ! Ah, lonely heart, a-weary of tfiy care. Some time wilt da«m for ttiee a c1ieH]«k Ifern, ' More liricht because of shadows in the Past ; For joy is born of sorT'iw-. eren as Spring Steals from the xrms of Winter, and the Day From darkt-st Kiciit emerges, pnrified. — ChnvAfn; JavrnaL The work of the hardy miner is all in rein. The best way to afford instant relief to any one suffering from water on the brain is to give him a good tap on the head. The man with a corn who imprudently kicks an old hat off the sidewalk, not knowing there is a brick inside of it, can appreciate tbe feelings of the French ia Tunis. ' CoSDnroar.1*— Drill Sergeant {to Recruit) — ** Throw oat yoar chest and keep in your stomach! A eoMicr shnnld always have a fall chest and an empty stomach ! ! There is nothing like being graphic & man who attempted to git*e an idea of eternity said : — *' Why, my friends, after mfllioos and billions of years had rolled away it would be a hundred thousand years to breakfast time.' 4i The wisest of all sayings ' said some one in the hearing of Charles Lamb Kenney, an old joaraalirt who has just died in London, 'is the old Greek maxim ? knoir thyself-1' 'Yes,' said Kenny, 'there's a deal of wisdom in it 'Know thyself/ bat never introduce a friend. One day, daring the absence of tbe operator fBom his post in a western. (.A.merician- telegraph, office, all the instra kept np, a terrible tickling, wfaiib, frightened a man who happened to be present, and who bad no notion of the principles of telegraphy He thought it must be a call for this office and probably conveyed important news. So malrincr a dive for one of the instruments, he canght the ' gronnd-wire' firmly between his teeth and shrieked vat :— ' Operator's gone to dinner ; be back in half an hoar V and at the same instant received a shock' from tbe wire coming in contact with bis moist tongue that he will remember to his dying day. « GOXISG OF AGE— A DoKELTIC D&JJU.; — My Lady—*' No, no. General ! Dont talk to me of school and college ! There's nothing like home influence for boys ! My precious darling has never left my side since he was torn, }ust 'ill years apo ttis vtry iUiy, General, and he has kept the heart of a child. and never erven me an hour's anxietv in au his innocent life !' The General- *' Ah, thell soon be wanting to marry the lady's maid, or something of £hat sort '. Bee if he dont 1' My Lady -'Good heavens!' (To footman, who enters)— 'Adams, where's Barter F* The footman — ' She just stepped oct for a 'airpvns. she s*.vL Bat they do cay down stairs as Master George were waiting (or ber ronnd the comer with a fourwheel cab and a small porkmanteaa. Leastwise Bbe never came home, nor Master George hasn't neither. lAmch is waiting, my lady \n — Pouch. Lever nsed to tell with infinite drollery the following efeory of Mr. McGlasban, Dublin publisher, who, by-tbe-way, was a Scotchman, At a certain dinner, fearing to be made ** f au ' fev tiie wild Irisn antnors and scribblers, 'he left the table, ha ving taken his fair share of wine to join the ladies in tbe drawing-room. After .a time the company heard unearthly noises in tbe pantry jast behind the dininp- rof-m. They listened and they wondered. 'What cnnM it be? Were there really ghosts io the house, as bad been whispered in its ancient traditions ? and they found that worthy McGiashaa hvi, under the impression that he tras pning apstiirs to the ladies, ascended shelf after shelf of the pantry, and was at that moment lying at fall length no the uppermost, kicking furiously at the ceiling and eide-walls, and expressing^ the utmost surprise that he coald not 'get upstairs.' A stoby ia carrent in Paris, illustrative of the readiness and tact of Alexander Dumas. Two play-wrights, MM. De Coucy and ThOauion, had been requested to write a play rallM? ** lv'«».n ?' -it hi eli thpt- difl tint heinp unsatisfactory it was nut accepted. The same propositinn was made to Dumas, who produced a piece thai vras successful, and in compensation the manager of the *' Variety1' agreed that if tbe first twenty Jtve per formances gave to the treasury GO.OOO francs, Domaa should be paid 1,000. 'I accepted the proposition,' said Dnmas, 'and at the twenty-fifth performance I entered hie office. 'Have yon received 60,000 francs from the piece ?' ' By Jove yon are an enlucky fellow, my dear author ! I have just added tbe total receipts. We bare 59t99S francs, so we lack three francs of the amount which would entitle you to your compensation.' I said nothing. I quitted him, went to tire ticket office, and bought a parquet stall, which cost five francs. Then I returned to his office with the ticket in my hand, and said, *' You are an unlucky fellow, my dear manager; you have more than 60,000 francs in your treasury, for I have jost purchased a five-franc ticket.' He was a fellow of intelligence, eo be opened his till and gave me 1,000 francs.™ 