GUILTY, MY LORD. of (Continued from Saturday last.) The next morning, when Mount Sandal took his seat at the breakfast table, he missed the tutor. "Where's our friend Mr Hallam this morning ?" he said, glancing questioningly at Lady Trewarden ; "he's not usually late." " Mr Hallam has left us," the Squire, said briefly. "Dear ice, how oxtraordinary. I Iope, fc H1yde, you deducted a month's wages," cl Lady Trewarden exclaimed, with a curi- w ous, puzzled expression' inl her eyes. y " 1- certainly was a most unsatisfactory 11 paerson ill ulany respects, and I'm very glad you'vea got rid of-hima --He quite ex i pected to be treated as an equal,"; shit al continued, turning to Mount Sandal. Tie S, Squire was silent; anything ;he -might b veuture to say in Mr Hallan's favour ri would only create a discussion, . which l could not but be painful to Maud. "I' tr suppose we must look out for. another ts tutor," Lady Trwardlon continued, pur- t( posely oblivious to the fact that there s wore at least two of her hearers to whom si the subject was distasteful. h, "'Yes, yes, I'll see to it," the Squire r answered, without looking up from his b paper ;" you lneed not troulu yourself, h Lindal." Mount Sandal smiled as he glanced a, fromi Maud to hera father, and shar~ged his shoulders slightly. They carried it off bravely, both of then, but they-kad I not heard tile last of Mr Damoer.Hallamu yet, by a long distance. Just at first he fancied MIaud's self-possession aud )perfect unconcern arose from the fact that sho had n, made up her mind to refuse tile honour of h beIcoming his wife; but s little reflection sl convinced hint that was not likely. The o1 Squire dare not defy him, and if he did, ,; Mount Sandal know the very first .nct of B his authority would be to order liim out it of his house without an hour's .dlay. And lie had no idea of 'givinjg up a Maud, merely because selo was silly I enough to fall in love with a w handsome tutor, and talk sentiment to hint in the moonlight; but .ho would Ii punish her when he got the chance, and si had the power. In the mceantime, as the 1i olbjectionable and muscular tutor was tl gone, he would say nothing about the oc- o: currence of the previous night, and he a would dimninish the clhances of the scene s ever being repeated by pressing for an speedy marriage. When the thought forced itself upon hlim that the woman he b was about to make his wife did not love t, lim, and entertained more than a passing q fancy for some one elso, Ie set his teeth, and smiled grisly. It was not flattering Is -not particularly comfortable ; but it did s not seem to him a sufficient reason for e giving her up. So he sought the Squire and told. lim of his wishes with regard to the marriage. "It's as well to get it "i over, for, you see, Maud is not as prudent y, as she might be," lid said with a sneer. "I don't half care to have my future wife, , spoonili about the gardens and terraces d at midnight; it does not look well." He I couldn't forbear giving the Squire that o, thrust, and he winced under it, but rue- i mained silent. "I have told you already lwhat I mean to do," Mount Sandal con- : tinued. " On the day we're married, I b hand you over all the bonds, deeds, and is mortgages belonging to the Cl verly es- t0 tates ; under the circumstances, I think t: it will not be necessary for mis to mako a hi settlement on Maud. You will, of course, J leave her everything." I "Of course," the Squire replied. It would be years before he could so far re- t1 cover his losses as to have nuclh to leave, p except the more estat : and hlie wished earnestly that Maud could hase soeo- d thing of her very own, entirely indepen- - dent of her husband ; but he was power- tl less-he could only resolve to be very Scareful and ecoinomical in the future, and i' save for her, in case she ever should be in need of his assistance. "You have no objection to ai inis- s mediate marriage, have you, Squire T' ti No-if Maud consents." d "I think she will. .'Shall 'I speak to lher, or will you'e"' c " You had better mention it yourself, Mount Sandal.' T " I tlink so too," lh said, with a grim i1 little smile. " 1 can explain ally wishes, perhaps, more clearly than you could." Tihe Squiro bowed submissively. He had ' not the heart to toll Maud that hlier fate was so near at lanld. and yet he thought, h with Mount Sandal, that it was butter 1 over-the longer she thought about it, R the more horrible it would seem to her, 1 and once his wife evroytlhig would be , easier. M?ount Sandal had no delicacy about r the mission he was going on; he did hot ti mean to spare her one iota-in fact lie rather enjoyed the idea of her surprise and entreaty for a little more tilne. It would be very pleasant to have the cold, h proud beauty suing to lim for a reprieve o fromnt the brilliant fate he had in store for her. She would be in no hurry to have tihe Mousnt Sandal coronet encircle her brow, a the Mount Sandal diamonds gleam on her i beautiful neck and arms. She would like a to bo Maud Daventry a little longer, to dream sentimental rubbish about herl tutor- lover, and he would not allow her, he would save her from herself-and he laughed as he thought of his own mag- a nanimity and her distress. She was in the drawing-room when he f sought her, arranging some flowers in a 1 vase, and Mount Sandal noticed the ( delicate white azaleas were not whiter I than her hands, the lilies more colourless I than her face; but she smiled as he joined her, the conventional lip.smilo of t society, while her eyes never softened for a moment. " How beautiful she is !" he thought, as he stood beside her, I "there's no woman I know can compare e with her for a moment," and the thought * pleased and softened him a little. "I've been talking to your father, and ho's given me permission to speak to you, to 1 ask you, in fact, to fix an early date for our marriage. I hope you have no ob jection." "Not the slightest I why should I i" and shel raised her eyes for a moment from the flowers and looked at him coldly, curiously; but not a gleam of colour came to her face, not a nerve or musclo quivered-sho could bear anythling that morning. "Well-will-will a fortnight be too soonl " he continued, nervously, utterly 1 taken aback by her acquiesonco. 1 Whlenever you wish, James; lix rely date that will be imost convciialnt to you, she replied, still in the sasma calhi, cold, measured voice, still arranging the lilies and anzaleas with steady lingers. "Thansks, MBaud ; this day fortnight will suit admirably. One word miore -dear-I should like the wedding to be a quiet one-that is, if you don't mind, if you have not set your heart o a0 graund lurn-out at St. George's." "No; I sall be guided entirely by your wishles in that matter also." " Thanks; you'ro awfully good; donl't bother about much of a trousseau, Maud, because we will go to Paris, and you can get everything you want there. Shall I make arrangnmuets for thie ceremoiy takinlg place in the private chapel of tile Castle-would you like it ?" "Yes, thanks. I thlink it would be very nice !'" Still the samne utter, calm indifhereneou ; she talked of the imatter as cooly as if it were thle trying on of a niw dress, or tle inspection of ua new piece of furniture lie was proposing to lher. 'rhougll disappointed, Musunst Sandal coulld not liblp feeling flattered ly lher lready acquifscsence, anti he certainly was proud of her. It'pleased him to 'tlink' that at a: the end of two short weeks aho would el belong to him-that the graceful, stately, beautiful girl would Io as much--his property as his hound or his hunter. How tl thb world would eniy'hJmu when theypanw as his wife tricked out in 'all the braiy' of i fashion, seated beside hint at the Opera sa or in the Park ! and it pleased him, toon al to feel that not one o.unongst them but Ic would kuow that he bouglit hii, and paid for 'her ; a ost he asired himself with a I chuckle of self-satisfaction, that he tielly'g was getting good value for his stoney. v Maud was perfect at all points, in spite of 01 her icy coolness. . 0 So they were mariried by special. licenso al in the exquisite little chapel oftlio Castle, al about eleven o'clock at night-the Mount 'iv Sandals were' alwvayh ;siniirised and'bitriod I by tyrch-light-ani. Maaud. sigied the I register with a firt hand. Site' did\n' ot iI shrinlk as 'her husband pressed a fiist, truiitiliniit lkiis -'oit;. her lips-dlil` n tii troenble as her.fathlor pressed hotwildly fi to his heart in a voiceless farewoell--his f misery was too deep, for words. Not a h sigh, nor tear, not even is look betrayed ii her foelings--she was simply a beautiful, o passionless statue, with liquid iio for re blood in. her veins, .and,marble ,for a re lieart. But she was Ladly Mount ~Sandal, and her father and Ohovorley were hI saved. n 'Have you had eiough" of Paris, ii Maud ?" I " Yes, thanks, James.' :: " Because the alterations and improve- d iments at the Castle atre!quite complete npw, and.I. think. we, might as well go el back ilnd take oir 'place ini asliety, I. should like to keep (hristmias in good g old style-fill the houseswith visitors, anud have a ball and theatricals, anud all that. S But you don't seem tho take an interest o iWi'mhsythiung;" 'l f "Pardon me, I do,!'" ud she glanced b at her reflection in 'an opposite' mirror. l I" hav ei' bbrn cnllid"'tlheio bolt-drdsead' woman i i'Phisi' !" . .' I' S" Well, you certibly do dress ivwell;' rj he said, glancing at her with.proud posses- t1 iaon ; ' and yoI de' 'seunmistakably 'the P handsomest woman out--that's some- a. thing ! but in spite of that you are' very n exasperating. "" Can't you"sontr~idict me li sometimes, just for a change ? 'Pon my g soul, I'm sick of your eternal sweet- ti nasa I" - ..n "Yes, perhaps it is a little fatiguing, 11 but I really can't bicker; it's' too much sl trouble; and it's bad taste," she replied tl quietly. . , " By Heaven, Maud I I believe you. hate me !" he cried' passionately-" hate b me too much to rcae in the least whaet I' 15 say or'do.to .you." ' L" What an absurd idea I" she said: ith? ; a slight curl of her haughty, short;, upper tl lip. "Why should IL trouble to hate It] yout 1" . . "I don't knos ; natural' contrariety of 'I womaiin, I suppose," he muttered: "'Why d don't you take an interest in our move;., mente ? Why don't you say you're glad, ' or sorry,, or something, that .we're going S home?", ...'' ' "hmecaueo'Pin not glad, nor sorry, nor Jt something, I suppos?. ,Why, .should I 0 be'?' My dit thi. ,life,.j'ouhve told me, tl is to dress well,, display yodij, wealth andl the family diamonds to .tlis best advans' tage, entertain your'frieiids, and 'ilways look pleasant. I tr; to do..my, duty, James,; but 'where I.do it,.ie really a matter of no monlont to me !'t ., i He gnawed his nether lipfor amonment,: tlhoi S'wallked up iand down lho room ini piatientlj,. " Have you heard froim home, -from sCheverly, lately 1" he asked, aud 1 denly. , " Yes. I had a noto fro .',my father h this mornhing." i' "Did lib' mentlois thati i'Mr' Dainr ,Hal lamsinia back agains " S"No;, 'hIedid not.'! . ".Well,. Iin glad .to be thl beat r of such pleasant't intelligence. He has re turned to Choverly as Mir. ictor 'Prowar. don's tutor, aid. the Squiro's. secretary. Doesn't that ieconoilo your. miid'to, goiug to the.Chstle '?" " ' , ' ,- " " What possible influtnce can. Mr Da mer Halliun's iovements ihave upon use ?" she asked in her coldest and hauglhtiest toes: '"If you occasionally foiget that, you are Viscotint Mouint Sandal, I never forgot' that I ant your vfo i" !" No; your menl'ory as inot so good Ii before your marriage, though ; you were, not, so- insousible then to the' mirits of Mr Daiuer Hallann!" Hoerepeateod the 1in6io deliberately,looking:at hcer.steadily, amxious to discover somo, signfof , w5c te noss; but there was none.'. She mot arid' retirned his look unflinchingly, . mid' he turndd away with a smothered oath . - Such calm, heroic endurance was ahlnost intolerable to a man like Mount Snildal- by naturo and habits tyiant. Power wta 9 essential to Ihim, and those who did not bend to his sway would ultimately brceak' \--ho:possessed such latent power of perse- 1 cution anld jetty malice. If he could only t find one weak point in his wife's armouir, one spot where he could wound her, he o would have been more contented. But' she was impervious; she might break. 11 some day, but she would never bend. ' SWhoen they returned to theo Castle, y every one said how much iniproved she t was, and low well she looked. Even her t father was almost deceived, and congratu lated himself that things were ino worse. s Only once she showed hint a glimpse of t her real feeling. It was when site stood t Sbeside him in the granid drawing-room, t 5 waiting to receive her husband's guests at a their first state dinner. She was dressed 1 1 in white, a robe of satin, embroidered f with seed pearls; diamonds gleamed iTi' her hairs, on hier throat and arms. ." My t Sdarling, hiow beautiful you nardl" the 1 SSquire said, glanchig at. hear.,roudly. 3 "Maudie, dear, are you lijyappyl.". "' : "Happy, father I" she replied, touched by the old pot name, "yes-as the dead are haIpp. I aii but a ghost, and play miy part. And she played it toi porfection t stately, smiling, gracious. With porfecdt ease and. self-possession, and just the touch of hauteur that gave tlhlinal charm to lier manner, she welcomed her iuests, s and moved amongst them, thid admired of all, as wall as tile envied. . Mourit Sandal was forced to admit she was perfect thereo wais not room for a fsult anywhlero ! B ut vwhen the play was over, and the lilghts put out-lwhen Viscountess Msount SSandasl at last reached her dressng roomi, ansd having laid aside her gorgeous traplings, and disriissed her maid, turned the 'ky in the bhmnbor Sdoor--thelon, and thienoonly, she laid aside thle maslk'and stood face to face writh hier Smisery. It was pitiful to sob the girlbow her golden head asd weep quietly, as if there was a real comfort in it. .She' did not give way to any frantic expressions of despair-did not march theatrically Sshout the room--slhe only buried her fisce Sin helir Ihands and wept, as she had done when helr mother died. And when hlier tea's were exausted, she knelt doswn and Sprayed for patience, for comfort, for mercy-for deathl. She, the beautiful, the Sgifted, the fortunate Lady Mount Shudal \--WhloIn every wolnian envied, aid every Sman admired I n She had nearly a month at home, and 1 . she had not as yet seeon Damor IHallain. SIHer daily, ihtnost hourly pnrayer was that I she smight he spared' meieting him, aniss h yet it comforted liher to lknow that lhe was >t with her father, sand Inear' at hanid. Sie y noer for a molnent lost the strange sense0 d of danger that he lhad saein :once in her eyes. Shli'dreadedhor ? hlsliabid;, though to she did not fear him. lu "Oh, great Heaven ! how long will b this misery last 1" Maud' Mount Sandal or asked herself,'as she'stobsd"'nt hie dress- lI ing-roomin indow, looking out across the ot snowy fields in the turrets of Ohoverly, he shone in the grey moonlight. "Hovw i long shall I be able to bear it?" th 'The housod was fhll of isisiors; i But an th hour' bofo'ro'"shle hi d stoid:;b'ineath the us great chandelier, in trailing robes of vel- th vet, with jewels worth a king's ransom on lier ineck and arms, and a bright smile i d on liher lips. Never, said her guests, had tl lo..beoon so ,brilliant, so charming, so H alto?otlidr graciodsiss t tha ovening .e.r. re 'iot 1qld jbeenh do'okeen anod pointed, aid to hlar laoligh ifojoyous'; ;andill the tioto her S heart was saching, with a dull, ceaseless, ii meroiloss pus \ai . s. ,ouiut gandal haild bioon iiusually at- hi "toiltiVo 'hiid liVo.likvt"'-i t "?i"n somes Ti frodlisi dininty or porsnecutiol~was in store or for" liar wlis thliy wore 'alonle. He had w hovered, near ier all the oveninlS, flatter- at ing, alnidst carossing her, and iTho had to at ondureu it ,all... Alone in her room, slte br reoad once niore a fw liastj~ lines she had 13 received by post that morning--read them at swith a bitter sigsh blit ianlulshaken roso- w lution. Shte locked the note in her dress- tli iing casoe it swasubi6f :--" Can you meet fu me," it ran, " to-morrow (Thursday) oven- m ing, at Hector's Oak, about seven o clock? s. I have sopmotlhing of importanco which you tu should know. I will wai till the first a dressing boll rings. D." t1 " No, I must ilot, dare not meet hisl," II she said to herself. "I will not," shb p added,. with gathbring reiolution. "'N' ti 'good?' ould ceomubf it." ' . w Tihe noxt day, ;after luncheoon, Mount cW Saidal exprossed Isis intention of riding im over to Weatlherby -t market- town some N fift'dli mniles".diistaIk.'t" 1filall. not! be 'ei back a moment before eight, I'm afraid," D lie :sid tbsiiud with a smilo; "so don't wait for'm 'dear."'-I1 l'm"a litbo"`lator, u( I'm sure' oui'l'?ll'xc''duso me. It's along Il ride,.and the roads;'are:deep."" Eight wias in theodinner-hour at .the Castle; at half past seven the first dressing-ball rang; tli and itswas at seven she had boon asked to meet some one at -Rector's Oak, a quiet vs little gladoe, near ,the river, with one gO gigantictree inthol midst, and a thick tangle'bf brushwood all around. It . was not more thall six minutes' walk from the H house,,if one know the way through the slhiubbories, inid Lady Mount Sandal slid, ar thorouglily; ino ,more quiet spot could s have boon chosen for an assigilation. ca As the great clock ini the centre tower L loomed odut tIhe hour. of seven, Lady Mouit?t Sandal wvent to her window and th looked oiut ' It wiei'i clear,. starry night, m wIsith a 'light frost, just. eouigh to make or thei snow crisp and dry under foot. All tl the guests ? tor e ini'tliir 'rooms, or cosily ia settled in three librasry, or billiard- room. w Thei broad terrade' was dleserted; the bi diuiing-room.win dows, whore the servants 1] twore busy, looked oanother way:: there H ias.; niotlingu. to iievent Lady . ount tl Smuidal front keephg. the aplioiltthfont- w ,Osi tlhing,, ins fact, seemed ni favour of L jt, ands shoswrapliod, a soft, fleecy shawl hii ovor lier ldad and stoipped on the terrace, of tlhrough the Fronch window, cl " Alas for her that met mo, gr That lheard mu as tly call, or SCame glimmering through the laurels At th'd ijuisot ovonfall I" " What broughltttlhe line back tq hpr ti with such: startling vividness' that eoveo ing? Danisor :allam's voice 'seomed to be ringiiigin her ears; soft, 'misical, as it sounded orio ngvoi-to-bo-forgotte i nlight ian the terrace at OlovorIy, whein he had roed'". Maud" to hhdr. i " " "Sliill:I'go just" for one mooment to hoar hat he lias to ay ?" sh o asked her self," pausing at 'tlthe foot bf 'tli:e broad 'white stops.' "No, no', i.-it` is 'better' P :' Just'tlieo, sharp and cloaron the quiot, P' frosty hii '"thoro'rans'diot'thd report of 'a pistol,'fitodsonitilhere noar the river, in thl :direction 'df Hoetor's "Oak.=`: Maud 'itood isill;'Wiithlclaspbd Ihands,' aud" vild, wlite faco--- ould Mount Siandal have re turned 1 could Ith htove iorad "of 'tie ap- i pointutenit ?' 'A tliosaid nanioless terrors chsasld aclh? obtlibe, yithi lightninig-like oi rapidity across licu bruin, ts iliio listened n intently, 'ifitfno othdit sound broke the stillneso; and she turnied -ouiid' to enter thodioise. QOiio of the sorviiiits, who lad h, heard tlhe report,.mt her in the hall;,and w was startled'd at' hlor:"ttrifid face. Slheo l was conscious of liis 'buriiti'look, and sh' stood'for an iidn!'Oilt'intho salldow to l recover her self-poioseleisii. .!'I h'iOad aa shqt iis the shrubbdries aid 'it frightened mo '"I stippose tliori's 'aiilthibfi"'jiaching affray. I wish you would inquire, Briggs, i whether any one is liut." :' "Yes, my lady," the nas turned away t mo)re piuelqd still I his tmistrcss did not - I often' condescnd .to take ;ar interest in ouch matters:; s i,,Wsat was tits kept' her standing tlheore:inthogreat hall, witll her land pressed to. her, heart to still its tlhrobb~gs-lhoer car:strained to catch the umostdistanft footfall '? Suroly,.a preseonti- ° ment of coming evil., Long before Briggs returned, slo knowtlhat something awful t Ihadlhappeoned at Hector's Oak. '. Pleaso, lmiy. lady, there's been al accident--if you would go, upstairs, my lady, or any. ti wh- esc.". She pushed passed him, and withl her 0 own hauds throw. open the o.groat oaken door, just as a strange procession case is Sup tllostops-Damor I~allamu and one of I the gaomeleepes carrying betwoeen the a the lifeless body of Mount Sandal. MIaud 1p t stood before tlhem, the shawl still wrapped 0 1 round lier, the lsoar-frost glittering oil its I fleecy folds, and Darner Hallaul's leart i sitnk within hintm. Sle hadlboen out, then, I muotd she had writtens the letter which lured n him to tho'fatail spot, and this was the 'result ? Mount Sandal was dead, and lie couldahscarc fail to be suspected, if not 'aceused;of the nmurder. "lDaner," soe swhispored, after one glance at the face of her ldead husband, ."spars me ! shield For a'momeilthe looked into ler foce with a strange, questioning glance. Then lie bowed his head, and mrmured so low 0 thatshe. scarcely hlear? hlin, "'I will W ivith my lifo I'! In, a few momoents more the wholhoe household .woer assomhbled in the great bhall, some in tears, all in holpldss terror sand dismay. They could scarcoly realiso that tlheir lord, who had beeon in their midst bit a foew short hoiurs before, so well and strong, so full of boisterous lifo, I slhould be lying thero, so still and silent. Dsoiadi It w~ s terrible !--lIMurodero d It 'wsas .inconsprohenosihble! Some one leds Lady Mount Sandal away. She was Sdumb, passive, stunned by thle suddenness I ibf the bloss.' Her fears had all been for 'Datsher Hallanin, and he stood before hler d'aliave 'nd well; while ber husband wsas niurdorod-sont to his account, "cut ofi oven in the' blossoms of sin," with all hisI 3 Simpnerfections on :is hsead. It was fear 0 ful I Slib had often longes and prayed for o release, but never in that way; anld nlow oeven the thought that slhe was free failed I to comfort; it did not seill to reach her 1 lheart, it could not piefretrato through thle t dull opatisg of surprise and horror. I iMeantiumn a surgeon arrived and probd ( Stho.wound. Lolrd MIount Sandal was quite deahl : a bullet had entered beneath t d the shoulder and passed through the I lheart, nld death imust have Ieen instan- i it tanleous. SuicidRe was out of the questiou, o as the shot had beeCn fired froms the back. I ts Tien tlhou gamokbeler told hIis story. At I .t few lilluteS behofore sevell li he hiad soon a t Silllansii cross 'tlh river frons thle Cheverly 3 r side, and walk ini the direction of Heoe tors Oak ; about ton minutes after o heard a pistol shot, and hurrying to the r spothlie saw Mr Hallam bonding over the body of Lord Mount Sandal. "'Some one fired from behind, and I'm afraid his i lordship is wounded,' lie said, and If stooped down and laid miy hand on Ilia I heart. I know it was all over in a moment. t I think I saw a form movingawaythroughl the treeo, but 'm not sure. I picked up the pistol, it was quite warm ; the shot I must have been tired within a few yards- that's all I know. 1 Dainer Hallam listened like a main in a t dream. Slowly it began to draw upon him I that lie was in a very awkward situation. I He was alone with the deceased, in a I remotp.tart.of thagro.unds-lho had gone I to keep an appointment with Lady Mount I Sandal-her letter was at that moment in I lis pocket. If that were discovered there 1 would certainly be a scandal, and sieo had asked hinm to shield and spare her. i Turning into the library, lihe took iup all I enivelope, and enclosed the fatal letter m which had drawn himi into such a scrape, I anud addressed it to Lady Mount Sandal, t and stamping it threw it into the letter bag, which lay on the table ready for post. i Before lihe left the roomn a scryant came in I and took it way, and Lady Meount Sandal c would receive lier note in duo course in 1 the morning. It was. brief, and care- I fully worded, but found on him it might l mean ruin, and lie breathed more easily I when lie was free of it. Whemn he re- i turned to the great hall there were about a dozen gentlemen grouped together, and I they glanced at him rather suspiciously, lie thought. Many of them were I personally known to lim, as they wore in I the habit of dining at Choverly, and one 1 with whom lie was a little more intimate I cane forward reluctantly. "It's a very 1 mysteribus affair, Mr Hallam, this about I Mount Sandal. The doctor says the shot 'must have been fired within a yard or two. 1 Did you see no one ?" "No." He hung down his heae as he I uttered the word, remonembering the tall, slender figure that had glided past him I into the shadow of the trees. "You will, of course, have to attend t the inquest to-morrow 1" "You and Lord Mount Sandal were not very good friends, I believe ?" another gentleman remarked. , 'No-not very." " Had you an engagenment with hint at Hector's Oak 1" "No, our encounter there was quite accidental, gentlemen," .glancing round I with anairof proud deflance. d' Toll moe I candidly, do you suppose I murdered Lord Mount Sandal l" " Oh, no," one or two murn ured, "but the circumstances are so peculiar." The I majority of the man wore silent. Some e one had told how Damer Hallaim hadl once thrashed James Penfold at Cambridge, and added, without knowing ainything I whatever about it, that they had beeni bitter enemies ever since. If not to meet Mount Sandal, what brought Damer I Hallam to Hector's Oak at that hour of I the evening ? and if not to meet Hallam, wlhat could possibly have brought Lord BMount Sandal there, wlen lie had openly expressed his intention of going to Weathlerby 1 On being I closely cross questioned, Jackson, thle ganickoeoelr, said that lie fancied, lie scw the figure of a'womcan imoving swiftly through tlhe trees, but he could not swear to it, and the point was not pressed. Oneo or other of thogentlomen had 'perhaps an appointment, but no onie saw how that fact could throw any light on the subject; some one or two remembered that Lady Mlount Sandal had been in the grounds, but she could not add any particulars. The more people thought of it, the more coniiinced they became that Damner Hal lan had done the deed. The more Ile pondered on all the circoumstances him- t self, the more convinced hle was that ap pearances were against him, and that he could not clear himself without impli. I cating soume one else. . There was all inquest the next day, and I tihe jury brought in a verdict of wilful murder, and Daemor Hallam was taken into custody. There was no neeood to give r hiim the usual caution about crimicnating himself, for he kept utter silence, acnd mnade no resistance whllatever, and did not seem to realise what had befallen hIilo. Hyde Daventry stood by lhim all tlhrougl; I he did not believe hibm guilty, and lie wrung his h]and warmnly as he said fare well to him. "Keep a bravo heart, Ilal lam, things will come all riglht- tlmey ij ust, I knoc- I'm sure you'oe inei, S"Tlianks," lie said, with a melancholy smile, "but low if I cannot prove cily innocence ?" "We'll prove it for you, Daoner, I'll stiand by yoq in this V" Mr Daventry cried, warmly; and people looked aston ished and shocked to see hinm talking so familiarly to the murderer of his son-in .law ! 'I doll't believe he did," Mr Daventry said, gravely. "Dalter l]-allati is a gentleman ; hie could not strike acoward's blow. He'd fight, but lie would not assassinate ; only a coward would strike a man from behind and in the dark." People listened, but they were not for a moment convinced. If Hallam was not the murderer, who was 7 Theoretically, every man is innoccnt till lie is proved guilty ; practically, every one accused of any crime is guilty till lie is proved innocent; and Danmor Hallam stood already convicted in the eyes of those people who met liull oi termls of equality only a few days before. They did not give him the benefit of the cociventional doubt. WYheot they told Lady blount Sandal of it, slhe refused to believe it. Danner Hallam accused of wilful murdcler, arrested, and sent to prison I Impossible ! "It soaoms so, dear," her fatlher said, yet it is a fact i" "But you don't believe him guilty, do you ?" shle asked, looking imploringly into his face; "you ldon't think hIe could do it, father 1" "Not for a momoent, darling. I amc satisfied of hlis perfect innocence, but some one fired tihe slhot !" "Yes, and that person must be dis covered. Spare no pailns, fiather, set every one to wrork; tIle murderer miust be found. Atcd, father, you will go and see Damer ? You will not forsake lhim inc this great calamity that has befallen him oil our account 1" '0 I will not, my darling. I will stand by him as if lie wore mcy son; aud nowc, Mnaud, you must try to rest ; tIle horror acnd excitemeont of all this is too isuLclh for 1 you. Promise ne, darling, do try to ibe calmi, and rest assured overythlingshall be Sdoie for Dauner." S" Acd you will lot mo know whlon there is any noews I You will not leave me in Ssuspense, father 1" t "Not a monlelcnt, darling; and now you nmust lie down and try to sleep !" " Sleep I Shall I ever sleep again, I cwonder 1" she said, as shlo paced up1 aind e Idocn her dCressing-room, wclen her father I left her. "Shall I ever rest, I wonder. Not till I tell hlim I never wrote that let a ter-that it was a vile, cruel forgery. His letter to me was one teeoo, no doubt. 1 Oh, if I could only discover whlat enemy Sdid tllat thing--and I fancied no one iii the world hated me! I might have known he would not ask me to do such a cmad, wickied hing as to meet him alone and at night; and surely Ile might have Sknocwn I could never have written such a letter as this," and she glanced again at Stile note he had enclosed to her. "And yet thoro's my crest and cmonogram, and the writing is not unlike. It was so generous of himll to return it to me, before there was a chaihco of other eyes perusing it. Oh, I am glad I did not go--he would think so ill of me I and yet if I had gone, this frightful tragedy might not have hap pened: And what brought Mount Sandal there 1" That was the question which psrplexod and troubled her most of all. Had hler unknown enemy acquainted hiin of the possible imeetingat Hector's Oak ? or had lie, himself, sot that cruel trap for her unwary feet That selo could never know ; but the thought that such might be the case hardened her heart against tlhe memory of the man who had been her husband-the man who had persecuted her with suchlseartless malice, and maude her life a splendid misery. Shie could hardly believe yet that it was over for ever-the taunts and the sneers, the cruel insinuations, the daily, hourly torture the I proud, sensitive spirit hadto endure. He would nlever msore accuse Ier of sins sle never dreamed of-faults she would scorn 3 to be guilty of. Yes, her martyrdom was over; she would no longer have to dress, and dance, and sing, and smile, while her heart was breaking and achling. She could lie down now in some dim, silent place, and let her sorrow have full vent lot the tears sile had so often andi so bravely hold bacek flow freely; but her r release brought no thoughlt of joy or gladness to Lady Mount Sandal's mnud- it was purchased at too fearful a price for that. Better hlie had lived and worn her very life out with his gilded cruelty, than that other man should suffer one hour. At last she 3 broke down under the weight of bitter thoughts, and illness brought a blessed t unconsciousness. For days hel lay per- I fectly still, moaning occasionally, but showing no other signs of life, and the local doctors deemed it advisable to call 1 in other aid. A celebrated London phy sician was telegraphed for, and when he came and looked at her, lie shook his head sadly. " Utter mental and physical prostration," he said. "She haIs had a terrible shock. I wonder, with her highly strung nervous organisation, it did not kill her !" " But she will recover I" Hyde Day entry cried, seizing the physician by the arm. "lOh, surely there is hope s She is so young, and she never had an hour's illness in her life !" "Her youth is certainly,in her favour, but she is far frdm strong. While thero's life there's hopse that's all I can say now," was the oheerless reply. " Noth ing but the most watchful care and I skilful nursing will bring her through. Have you any one-any nurse, I moan you can depend on hero 1" "Only her aunt, Lady Trowarden." " No, no, we must have a professional I I'll send some one from London. In the meantime, keep her quiet. Do not allow any exciting topic to be mentioned in her presence ; for the rest we must wait and hope. Poor lady I it is very sqad so young, so beautifsul and so recently mar riod !" Hyde Daventry did not reply to the condolences-hio was sick of them ; but he did all in his power to persuade the I London physician to remain with them, s ly dear sir, it is impossiblo; andl tlere's really no necessity. Lsady Mount Sandal is in excelleot hands. Evenl if I remained here, I could do nothing but watch for some clhango ; and I liaveo ar ranged with Dr Phipson to telegraph iio every symptom. I will come again, if need be by special train, but I cannot stay," and with that Hyde Daventry was forced to be content. Meantime, the remains of James Vis count Moount Sandal lay in state in the private chapel of the Castle for a week, and at midnight of the seventh day he was buried by torch-light in the finmily I vaulit, with only a few intimate friends present-the precarious state of Lady Mount Ssundal s heilth making anytling like a public funeral isipossible. Tler I was no will, and failiiug direct heirs, the whole property wouldgo tothue next of kin, excepting the widow's salro of tile pori sonal -estate. Who wEqs the heir-at-lair no one seeoled to have an idea. Mount Sandal had never been heard to speak of a relative. The lawyersprofcesedtleosuaelves at a loss. The only one who miglf be able to throw any light on the subject was Lady Mount Sandal,. and she luay bo-. tween life and death, moaning at intervlas only one naime, and the ftll signiflcanco of tllat heor father alone understood. .( To be continued.) 