OUB PARIS LETTER (FBOX OUB OWN COKBBSFONDKHT.) May 20. The Chamber of Deputies has been oeenpied with a kind of Penelope work to discover a form of oath suitable at once to saints and sinuers, and where all aIIbbiou to Providence would be excluded. It seems that Society here lias made such progress, that nume rous individuals decline to invoke the aid of Heaven to tell the truth, the wiwjietra'h. and nothing but the truth. ''The short form of, ' Upon my Honor' MS rejected: that applied to cuiffon f filers seemed, even taking into account ^k*. the principle oi equality, to be droll. _**! swear for the good of the country 'and for liberty,' was a model also declined with thanks ; such could uot be bind is v on patriots whose Vater land. stretches (mm Indus to the Pole, and stall less applicable to those who adopt Dauton's notion of liberty — you above and your adversary under you. As ail tln'ngR mast come to an end, the pattern, *? I promise upon my honor and conscience, and before the French p'wnle,' etc., has been vecom ? mended. The question to baptize it an oath or ;iUhi:ia.tio:i has been po*t ... posed. No Lycu--»us proposed to swear by . the *' foot i-f I'haroah :' nor by 'u»y mother!' now the latter is a very solemn u'ljurnticm with Krcuchiueii; a * declaration c.uld Le uiaiie on the altar of tiie_couiitry,nr by the innocence of doves! In Uic'crnse of the Collect ivu tjifaaeii&ts;, tilm boast to have no cons cience ai id who aim to abolish every ♦ thing, the new affirmation will be :is binding'' as lover*' or dicers' oaths. ' I love,' said Goldsmith, ' old frieuds, 'f oM pimes, old .manners, old books, and ota wine,'' and he might have added, the-oM form of oath. ?^JKespecluig Egypt, it is not con sidered we are yet out of the wood. The india-rubber character of Tcwfik -?? :» not & less troublesome element than the three times rebel Arabi. Until the hitter be. removed, placed on the e half-pay list with three-fourths of the ; , army, tin; combined fleet will be kept ;.--, Bailing to and fro. It is not expected that, the Kgyptian Warwick will go \- under without a struggle, whether it , ... be. the Westerns, tlie Turkish Bobbies, or the Bedouins that be called in. If matters come to this pass, the other i great powers will also send a few iron- 1 \- dads to protect their nationalities. England has scored so far an import ant inning — the official admission by France that her interests are prepon derating as those of the Gauls. Ad ? mitted or not, she has ever intended they should be so. . M. OHivier has turned up : he was ( .believed to have joined the l^ost Tribes. ' However, he has been in Italy, and the pilgrim brings back in his wallet a few items of news. Italy, it appears is no longer to be regarded as a member of Hie latin family. : she has gone over body and soul to Vaterland ; she leaves then to France no other souvenir of ? Solferino, but Nice and Savoy. He .— ? jhadV several interviews with Leon i ? XIH., and assures ns the Po|je has uo intention of leaving the Vatican. It \- may be presumed on such a point His Holiness wooJd keep his mind to liim , ? self — he Ls caution itself towards inter r . 'viewers. The famous minister of light hearted fame, begs it to be remembered ? that he is agaiu a republican. Oh ? ' revient toujours d ses premiers amours. If he became prime minister under : Kapolen III. in May 1870, to demon strate that the Empire was peace — . till the following July, he was not the iess a sturdy republican. It was Bat tom the nearer alter all. He considers . - the Bepnblic — this time to be a fixture, provided it keeps out of foreigu ware, and steers clear of the Socialists. ' There is no possibility of the Empire _, , being restored, but M. Ullivier knows, by the itching of his thumbs, perhaps, ,. that a Napoleon can become a Presi ? . - dent — the preliminary step to Emperor *-?'?* -^--jnly-he must wait a little longer. The ** syrnptomotic' news, to adapt '' ?.. -the newest classification of intelligence, ''from Russia, is bad. The Czar is :\ reported to be in the last stage of .. timidity: the Empress dare not quit .?,?;_ Jum for a second: not only does he ? . - pass nis time musing with his children —Henry IV. did the same — but aids y the governnesB to teach them their * lessons. The palace of Gatschina is ' now reported to be haunted by the ghost of the murdered Emperor Paul, trnicfi is strange, as not a nook of the ? building, as wells as the grounds, but is illuminated as noonday by the Jab . lochkoff electric light. Darkness, -± .- however, is not essential for spectres: \ that for example of Hamlet's father, 1 . promenaded under the pale glimpses ' . ? ?'.'. of the moon. Evidently light ought to be necessary to show off a ghost — '' ' . mediums excepted. At Gatchina, : where all is Bplendid and sepulchrally '.: £3ent» the sentries have orders to fire ?? on every creeping thing that does not reply to the qui-vu-la. ? It is thns that a reindeer was shot some nights ago ' as a presumed Nihilist. The army is getting more and more discontented 1 at the Emperor's role of permanent Tefagee in his own realm ; business is r at a standstill ; Ignatieff still holds \- that the cure for Holy Russia lies in the expulsion of the jews, now since they commence to show fight, to resist extraction — not the painless operation of their teeth. The diver sion of the foreign war project has not at all been replaced in a pigeon bole. Perhaps matters may mend, when the Emperor will be — crowned ' at Moscow. The more Gambetta labors to restore harmony among the : divided republicans, the more they ? continue to bark and bite. The most ^ popular man of the moment, and with ~j£,~- ne ladies especially, is M. Naquet, r- ? HHata uepnty who has, it may be pre ., sumed, carried the repeal of the divorce law. He is a hunchback, and they are considered ever to have inck ; just as fonrerly an idiot in a family was accepted as a special gift from ., - heaven. Nanquet is an ' Israelite' in whom there is no guile, and for some years has been amiably separated from bis wife : though a noted materialist be consented on his wife's wish to 'allow her to bring up the children Catholics. Bow many Christian pa t pas would be as gallant ? Respecting , ' ' divorce, the Cliaravari has much truth in its skit : a law is required not so much to separate husbands from their wives as from their misti esses lime. MacCraith, not by any means a Greek looking name, is sister of Sarah Bernbardt's husband ; she has just been arrested at the Louvre for shop- lifting, but liberated by the police Inspector, as she was suffering from ' typhus fever' — an exception a thoo, sand times clearer than kleptomania. Indeed the aristocratic world mast be getting sadly ont of joiut: the Marquis de Vernou demands to be separ te from his marchioness ; she not only has a shop assistant for paramour, but she thrashes him; she was guilty of throwing shee'p's eyes at the English officers delegated last autumn to follow the manoeuvres around the town. The Marquis is in terested in a porcelain factory at Mar seilles, celebrated for making a cciiniu chamber utensil, at a very low price : to bring him into ridicule, lii.s \vi:u hail the family escutcheon eiiirr.-iv. ,; ou that article — a strange kind n( trade mark, and distributi-d specimens among his friends. Since Kantipnc, that utensil has been a terrible wea pon in the hands o, a turmau'.iiir.. Latterly it has been employed in Paris to bonnet editors. The Marquis is 60, and his \vi!e 50 years of age. The Contesse ilo M rspiessy has also demanded a separation from her husband. It is a clean, though a lamentable suit. She was married at 18, almost without haviug seeu her husband, a navy captain .-igt-il oS. He belonged to the 'peculiar' peoplu; he maintained the husband and father received their authority and mission direct from God, aud that womau, whom he maintained had uo soul, was merely a slave destined to bear chil dren. The marriage bsred twenty years, and tise issue was seven chil dren ; the husband desired to ' sac rifice them to Gixl ;' so three of the five girls are nuos, the boys are at school, destined fop the priest-hood, but the mother objects to her other two girls being torn from her, and she is likclv to win. lu lt'60, after mar riage, she wrote, ' my heart is void ' on- in;; to yonr departure, and from lliu lowers oi the r.isilo L Klv;ii-i siiv -/cs l.i catch tiio last glimpse of aiuoku from your ship ' In 1872 she wrote, ' I have sueli :t horror of yon, I would cut off my hands to be free.' Yet she swore ' by the heads of the children ' — auother form of oath, that she could still love, if her husband allowed her; her counsel Maitrc Rousse, called; the Lamartine of the liar, said her homo was a donjon of the feudal ages, where her husband governed according to the law of the Twelve Tables and of Moses. The husband is :i mystic. l^autna'-, a tanner in the Herault, is a ** broth of a boy:' he fxiisoned his mother-in- law, and uaturally was found guilty with 'extenuating cir cumstances' — to avoid pay «ng tor an annuity ; tie did the same to his wile, out of jealousy, and renewed the ex periment ou his mistress, to inherit property that she willed him. One can hardly believe their eyes, bat it is a fact, the Municipal Council of Dieppe has accorded an annuity, of SOGfr. to a Friar, as a mark of sympathy to a faithful teacher after 52 years service. The Hotel des Invalides accom modates 500 military pensioners, who in return for this Chclsoa Hospital care, have to relinquish their pension less one half-penny per day for pocket money; they are free however to accept work outside, provided they return at roil call. They are iu re quest as bauk porters, more especially if' they have plenty of medals ou the:ii breast. They die quickly as the hospital has now 50 vacancies s.fter the wiuter. Cardinal Passionnei bad the most beautiful library in Ifciiy ; the librarian was an ignorant poasaut. 'My library is my harem,' s«ud his Eminence, ' aud guarded by in.yeuuuch.' Autoiue ue Latour, a distinguished Itterateur aud huntsman, who died la&t; year said, ' God decided not to send a second Deluge, after witnessing the iuutility of the first.' Mine, de Lambert urged that we should always regard servants as friends Buffering from a reverse of fortune. A war is being waged against the grocers : they employ the heaviest clayed paper, of winch the ordiuary size weighed in with articles, represents a quarter of an onnce. Garden parties have struck root here; the guests can either indulge in Jlawn tennis or dance on the sward. Signs of the ti mis: two advertise ments, from ex-bankers, for the situa tion of clerks. A tailor promises deputies ' the same discount on his clothes, as they have obtained from the railway companies.' ** Between two gamblers : ' Better borrow at 20 per cent, from a Jew, and get it, than from a Christian banker who leads at 5, but who refuses.' 