THE BEECHWORTH AND COROWA FIRE-BRIGADES. " Honor to whom honor is due ;" and everyone io the north-east will be pleased to see that, as against all the colonies who wished to compete in the late fire- brigades' demonstration, two of onr teams especially distinguished themselves. We count Corowa as one of ourselves, be cause, although a small stream and absurd duties divide us, the heart of the people on both sides of the river beats the same. In fact, the cultivation of the feeling which is engendered by such competitions, as have just taken place in Melbourne between - Yictoria and New South Wales "will have a considerable effect in breaking down the barriers which have been artificially set np between the two colonies. In Beech- worth we are perfectly willing to accept the fact that our boys were " not in" the specittlengine trial, in consequence of their apparatus not being in accordance with the conditions of the event ; but they deserve the greatest credit for the victory they/achieved in the Engine Practice com petition. It is almost unworthy of us to say that the" Britannia Cup was lost to Beechworth through an accident to one of the men. All are liable to accidents, and accidents must be taken into accohnt; The trophy was won by the Carlton Brewery Brigade fairly and on its merit?, and it is not for U3 to say that Boech- worth would have won it if an accident had not/occurred. But it is for us to say and to hope, with great confidence, that if 'the Beechworth Fire-brigade will have improved so much more in pro portion to the crack brigade of the colony, next year they will have a fair chance of becoming the premier brigade in both colonies.. It was said by Mr Cunningham, in ans.vor to the toast of " Prosperity to the town of Beechworth," proposed by Mr Foster, P.M., at the supper given te the brigade on their return from Melbourne, that. ' 5 the hill cities were in all times renowned for their valor bnt ihu Corowa.. ..men, - are '?.s"DU'ally men of tho plains, and wo Believe t:;ev must -have -won. the first -.ngir.e trial es easiest Beeclr- yorfch. which j — — — . : — n : — 77 they subsequently had ...the chivhcefioi wiping out. It is not : alone 'in; the- wqrk which these two brigades .h|i,YO df.'ne. ih Melbourne, tot ' ;the honor ; . off ' - tbifr district, in ihe/?inatter of firqffirigade, competitions ; but they have hohored.u'8 "and themselves also by their proper con duct. In this respect we can, pf-course; speak more intimately of the Beechworth than of the Corowa men, although we be lieve both were equally. circumspect while in the metropolis. The first Australian cricketers who went (o England, and every .succeeding tam, made a decided impression on English people by their uniform steadiness of character. We have every "rea-jgn -to believe that all the young menj whbwent down from this district' mr-ihe — occasion - in question conducted themselves in such a way as to be au example to tke-Molbonrae lads of th9 same age,, and Captain Crawford bears almost unnecessary testimony to the demeanor-- of .his own men, outside their grand successes. We are bound to add our - tribute of praise to the general public opinion as to tbe Beech worth Fire-brigade. The corps has for the last few years- been admirably con ducted. Captain Crawford, Lieutenant Mc Lean, Mr Bil'lson, (the secretary), and the subalterns having devoted themselves with tbe greatesf;eiarhestapss to the dis cipline and cultivation" of "exceptionally good I material, the result is that the Beechworth Fire-brigade stands first 'in Yictoria at present; taking all the events, and |?e may therefore justly be proud of the vigor, constancy and. piuck of the yonng men who "have .taught the whole of the holonies t'o know" -that there are snchf places1 as Beechworth and Corowa. S . »- / r - . ; i : The Blind Asylum Concert at Ru- theglen. —The concert given , by . the p u p ils of-the-Soho ol.f or_the B lind , at the Town Hal!, Rutherglen,-. on Tuesday evening was, nqtwithtandihg .the very u n favefsffie state"rof-£he>.wdather, well at tended. A steady rain set in early in the morning, and continued, with very little intermissjon, throughout the day. At 7 o'clock? it xamedjinj; torrents, and, in consequence, the residents outside of the town were prevented from attending the concert, otherwise the hall would have been crowded to excess. The chair was occupied by Mr Thomas Reeve, j. P. , who, in a few apprbpriathremarks, pointed out the good, objeefcfpr' which they" had assembled on ;"thafcSi occasion, viz., the alleviation of the sufferings of tlie afflicted inmates of the Blind Asylum. An excel lent programme of solos, duetts, quartettes and chorouBes were gone through in a manner that called forth marks of appre ciation from the audience! Miss M. A. Raufer and Mr P. Strachan were greatly applauded and encored. In the interval the band, comprising a number of blind performers, played choice - selections of music in a creditable manner. At the con-; elusion of the entertainment'the Rev.1 Wil liam Moss addressed the audience; and took the occasion to compliment, the -Ruther glen Borough Council on their possessing such a splendid pianoforte as that en whicli the accompaniments had been played. (The piano was a new one, and had only been received from Melbourne that day, and played upon for the first time that evening.) He also proposed a vote of thaak3 to the chairman, who had taken great trouble and exerted himself for the sake of the concert and the com fort of the blind pupils ; the arrangements having been left entirely in his hands. The concert was brought to a - close by the pupils singing the National Anthem. After the concert many; persons stopped to purchase basket-ware, brush-ware, and fancy work, the work of tbe pupils ; and a very fair sum was realised by the sale of these articles. It is to be regretted that the weather was so unfavorable, otherwise the attendance would have been much larger. Before closing, we must not omit to mention the names o£ those, residents of the town who kindly: ac commodated the pupils, free of all ex penses, during their stay at Rutherglen. Mr William Booth, Mr Thomas Douglas, Mr John Lord, Mr C. Schwenzel, . Mrs Kirlcup, Mr D. G. Hamilton, Mr William Taylor, and Mr Geo. Hunter. The visitors left on Wednesday by the one o'clock train for Corowa, where they had a very successful concert on Wednesday even- ing. Land Selections.— The following con ditional purchases were made at the undermentioned land-offices on the 1st in3t Albury.r— P. Murphy, 63a, Wal- bnndrie ; Bank of Australasia, 92 Ja, Wal- bundrie ; M. Keogh, 45a, Mullengandra ; F. S. Scammell, 100a, 'Tudi ; J. M'Laurin, 320a, Coocook ;C. Juppenlatz, 50a,Burra; M. Ryan, 40a, Bulgandry. Corowa. — Agnes Edols, 40a, Lowes ; John M'Donald, 273a, Gereldery ; Thomas Dunn, 57a, Wahgunyah ; David Aitkin, 314a, Wah- gunyah ; Bank of New South Wales, 70a, Corowa. Skating Club. — A skating club is about to be formed among the young men of Wandiligong; and practice with roller- skates will be indulged in in the M.U- Hall, affording pleasurable recreation during the winter months. Promotion. — Mr D. M. Dyte, the railway station-masterlat Rutherglen, has been promoted to the office of station- master at Yendon, near Ballarat, and left for that place on Tuesday afternoon last. Just . previous to his leaving, Mr W. Booth, the mayor, and other "gentlemen met at the station aud drank Mr Dvfce'a health in champagne, and at the same time wished liim success in his new sphere of action. Mr Dyte has, by his courteous manner and willingness to oblige, gained many friends during his stay in. Ruther- gleii. In a few . well chosen words he thanked those; present for their good wishes towards him. He . lias been suc ceeded by Mr McAllister, late station- master at Wodongr. . . Political Apfointments. — At the sitting of the Education Commission on Thursday Mr G. W." Brown, the secretary of education, gave evidence that, during the year 1880, Major Smith -appointed 13 teacliois contrary to the recommendations of. the officers of the department, and 96 more without consulting the department at all. ' The Police Commission.— The Police Commission met .on Wednesday at the Chief Secretary's department, Melbourne ; Mr Longinoro occupying the chair. The witnesses; exammed:vw;ere three senior- constables, a mpgted-.constable, and a member . of the detective; force; who each gave . evidence! " particularly referring to their respective grades. The commission will. iheet again on Tubsday.1; Beechworth Police Court.— At this court on Thursday, before Mr W. . H. Foster, P. M. j Frederick -C. - O'Brien sued William Osborne to recover, the -sum of £8 6s 6d; due for goods sold. A11 order wa.3 made fyr the 'amount, = with, 253 costs. 'Thft'fthpjw nwforred 'Afrninst: Ah $'<<» ;The Projected Spring Show. — A meet ing of; gentlemen' interested in the estab lishment of a spring horticultural. show, under the auspices of the Beechworth and North-Eastern Agricultural - and Horti cultural Association, was held in Mr John Turner's office, Camp-street, on Wednes- : 'day evening. Mr D. Fletcher occupied the chair ; and there were present- -Tlie Rev.: Canon Howard and Messrs Forrest, Harris, Harper, T. A. Graham and R. Thomson (secretary of the association). Me Harper suggested that in order to in duce the younger members of the town and district to take an interest in flori culture and the industrial and fine arts, an annual subscription of five shillings be charged for membership to all persons under the age of twenty-one years — such members to have the privilege of entering two exhibits, at each of the society's shows, and to receive one ticket of admission to the same ; and that a second class of members be admitted who are over twenty- one, and under twenty-five, years of age, 011 payment of an annual subscription of 10s 6d — such members to have the privilege of . entering four exhibits . at each of the society's shows, and to receive two tickets of admission to the same. After some conversation with regard to the amount constituting membership, the programme to be submitted and other matters con nected with the show, in which it was thought advisable to make the affair self- supporting, and not trench upon the funds of the association, Mr Harris proposed that the sum of os constitute membership — members to have free entrance to the shows and the right of entering two ex hibits ; members of the association to enjoy similar privileges. Mr Forrest proposed an all- round charge for entrance to the 3how and for entries of exhibits. It was resolved, on tlie motion ©£ the Rev. Canon Howard, seconded by Mr Har per, that the above propositions be sub mitted for consideration at the next general meeting of the committee of the association, on Wednesday afternoon next. The meeting then adjourned .till the evening of the latter day. In con nection with the projected show, we would suggest to the committee that in the preparation of their prize-schedule provision be made for not only horticul tural and floricultural exhibits and works of art, but also for song birds, pigeons and suchlike pets in which the youth of the district take an interest and pride in rear ing ; and we would, at the same time, point out that a fine show would, without doubt be made in this respect, as in the spring; time the birds are' in their best condition in every respect. Mr C. E. Jones. — Mr C. E. Jones,, the popular orator, will on Monday next, in St. George's Hall, Warigaratta, deliver his celebrated lecture, "The Four Presidents. " He will re-appear iri the . Oddfellows': Hall,- Beechworth, to deliver a course of three lectures; on the evenings of the 12th, 13th and 14th inst. The "Weather at Oxley. — Our corres" pondent writes :: — Wednesday morning a drymg wind from S.W. set in. It drove the .moisture-laden clouds to S.E., over the Bowman's Forest ranges. The wind was'chill, as well as dry, and quickly made exercise or fires necessary. During the whole of Wednesday this wind continued, and facilitated greatly the work of tlie farmers. During Wednesday night and the early morning of Thursday a white frost took the place of the drizzling1 rain of the previous day3 and nights. The weather is now (Thursday) truly enjoy able ; a fine sun, tempering tbe cool morning breeze, makes it a real pleasure to follow the plough, and inhale the health- bearing odors of the freshly turned-up soil. - Festivities at Tarrawingee. — A grand ball and supper was held the other night by the young men and maidens, of Tarra- wirigee at Ladson's store. There were- fully 150 ladies- and gentlemen present.. The music supplied by Mr' A. Ferguson and Mr Clements was excellent to dance, to, and the dancers were, as regards the ladies, pretty, graceful," and well dressed ; and as for the partners, they , were manly young fellows and good dancers, writes our correspondent. So . with; . "youth ; a£ the helm, the- ship of pleasure glided 'swiftly through the;.hpurs>_ and - it was """a" great surprise to many to perceive rays, darting from Apollp's chariot-wheels ari'd gradually dimming the "artificial lights of the ball- .room. A f t er waimadieux, arid warm tea aud coffee, the happy young people started for their respective 'homes, and to resume their usual occupations. . Much" pre lit is due to Mr M. A." Kay, hon. secretary, for the efficient arrangeinents made for the comfort of all, as well as for the. enjoy ment of a most agreeable night's dancing. Duriug intervals in the pleasant' worship of Terpsichore excellent songs were con tributed by talented singers, both, male and female, arid were greatly enjoyed. A Government; Hotel.— It is the in tention of the New South Wales Govern ment to erect a large hotel, containing two hundred rooms, at the Albury rail way terminus. Excuses for Non-attendance. — The Minister of Public Instruction has ' in timated that State-school head-teachers must' accept the excuse of pupils for being absent, when .with, the knowledge of their parents, and uuder sucl) circumstances the pupils. must not be punished for being absent. Complimentary Banquet.— Mr. W. J. Lyue, member for the Hume, was on Wednesday evening entertained, by his con".U! neni3 ul a complimentary banquet at German ton. - Entertainment at Hurdle Flat)— a promenade concert, in aid of the fife and drum band, was held m the Public .Room, Hurdle Fiat, on Monday evening, 29 ch inst., which, in spite, of the threatening look of the leather, proved a success, socially, and fihaupially. .. The vocal: part of the entertainirient was rendered by well-known loeai amateurs, who each, in his and lier turn, received great applauselfrom the audience, whicli 'was deservedly merited. The music, under the conductor- skip of Mr F. Hollister, senior, assisted.by members of .the baud, - was .thoroughly appreciated. Dancing was kept up with a lively spirit .unt il one o'clock a m. , when the company broke, rip to return home, there to enjoy a few hour's of " nature's sweet restorer,"; to prepare them for jtlieir soveral call ing%ori the; following day. V.' Dental.— Both :b'y circNlar and , ad vertisement : :in this issue Mi Albert Burbank, snrgeon-dentistj Aiotifies' that he will be in Beechwdrtfi on/_ Monday arid-' Tuesday, and may be consulted -upon! all matters pertaining ;:tpY the - teeth; "at Mr Gammon's! . . ' j / " j ' Mr Matthew Burnett.— Mr Matthew Burnett, during the past month; has been pursuing "his - unwearied labors in ? -.the south-eastern portion of South Australia, , with his usual success. In a letter t »j the " Cliristain Weekly," dated the 2 2nd' May, it Is stated .that his last campaign' involved 8Q0 miles of. travel, : and1 the delivery of upwards -of 100 addresses. Over 1400 signed tlie pledge. II 13 ne::i . or.1,,-. re of labor is in the neighborhood-:!... L 1 » . Death of Mrs J. A. Wallace.— It is with extreme regret we notice that the wife of the Hon. J. A. W?.llace, M.L. 0. for the Eastern Province, died at her resi dence, Balaclava, on Wednesday, 31st ult. The deceased lady was a daughter of Mr Thomas fMonahan, of Erindale, Brighton-road, Melbourne, and was only thirty-seven years of age at the time of her death. Universal sympathy is felt for Sir Wallace throughout these districts for his rather sudden bereavement. The funeral will not take place until Monday next, and we understand that it is the intention of several leading residents of the district to be present, and thereby give practical proof of their respect for the memory of Mrs Wallace and sympathy with one of their honored representatives in his affliction. Drapery. Sale. — Attention is directed to the important aale of new drapery goods to be commenced to-day at London House, Ford-street, Beechworth. Wangartta Police Court. — On Wed nesday, before Messrs Bickerton and Geo. Phillipson, J.P.'s, David Evans was charged with being drunk and disorderly at the North-Eastern Hotel, and was fined 10s, er 24 hours' imprisonment. The same person was charged with wilful destruction of seven panes of glass, the property of Ellen" Whitty, of the North- Eastern Hotel, of the value of £2. Fined 40s, and ordered to pay. 40s -: damag.es ; in default of payment,- to be Imprisoned for 14 days. Oil: .. , Thursday, ; before Mr M'Cormack, P.M. ,'. Margaret Hennessy was summoned, by Constable Baird for not sending her son, Deiris Hcn;ibs3y, to school 30 days for the quarter eru '-ing 3Ut March. She produced a'niedicxi certifi- cate from Dr M'Farlarie, dated June 1st, 1882, stating the boy had been an inmate I of the hospital, suffering from the effects of an accident. The truant-officer said the summons was for default between January and March, 1882. There was no excuse given of an accident for that quarter. It was necessary, by the pro visions of the 13th clause of the Act, to give a schoolmaster notice of any excuse. The police magistrate considered that clause" was only directory, not inaudatory. Mr Tilt read the clause, which used the word ".shall," and con-, tended that shall was mandatory! The defendant, however, admitted that the accident occurred at Easter time, which was after the period sued for. . The police magistrate inquired if the de fendant had previously been coiivicted. The truant-officer replied that the defendant had been fined on the 24th March, 18S1.. ; The police magis trate said he could not . entertain : any previous conviction that was more than 12 months' old. . The medical "certificate produced did not show when, the accident occurred. It might .be a good excuse for the current quarter, but riot for that ending in March last. However, .under all the circumstances of the case, he would only fine the defendant Is. ' The Dookie Water Supply.— Mr G- W. Hall, M.L. A. for Moira, has received the following letter from the Department of Mines and Water Supply. ".Sir, - -I have the honor to invite your attention to tho'subsidy promised in connection with the water supply to the township of Dookie, and t© remind you that the vote from which the same is payable will' lapse on the 30lh" proximo. ' If 'there ,;iare any claims to be proffered in. connection with this vote, the. vouchers! "for ''expenditure slionld be sent, to this office "on or before that date." ; ' Benalla Police CouRT.rtrOn'jTuesday, before Mr A. Robertson, J.P:,: Joseph ; Dennis and Simeon Weatherill were fined 10a and 5s) respectiyely7vfpr'-rinsiiltirig behaviour in a:.piiblic;..place.A j;On Thurs day Mr McBean, J.P; , fined r,' drunkard 2s 6d, or 12 hours' -imprisonment. . ' Guardian of Minors.; — Mr Robert McBean, of Benalla, .has dbferi'; wmmis- sioned to act as a guardian of miner#. . Goldflelds Warden. — Captain- Hare, police magistrate atGorbwa7vbas"been ap pointed warden of the Tum'ut and Adelong mining district. : : I V : ' ; Municipal Assessment.— An1? appeal court will be held /at Albury bn Tuesdriy, 13th J une, and all persons '.etesirqus : of appealing against the assessmentfof . their properties must' give notice in writing / of such intention seven days before the date mentioned." : ' 'Upper Murray/ Rajltva v./-£THe com- mittee of the OUppor - Murray : Railway League held a largely attended meeting on the. 27th inst.. at the Oorrjrohg, .Hotel. Public meetiEgs should by all means be held iu the Gorryong Athenaeum, .as the place where the meeting iri-question was held would only accommodate' about . 20 persons, and the rest-had' to stand outside.. Stock Report.— Messrs Charles L. Griffith and Co. report :— We Held our usual fortnightly sale at our Albury yards, on Wednesday last, at which we had a large attendance of buyers, and satisfactory. prices ruiea tarougnout tor all descriptions of stock. Cattle.— About 450 head came to hand,, one-third consisting of /medium to .prime quality beef (principally extra light bullocks well suited to trade requirements), the balance mixed stores. We sold drafts for Mrs C. Hore, Messrs S. Bowler, Wm. 'Huon, John Huon, Seymour, Heppner, Richards, and others, light nice-quality bullocks realising to £8 15s. per head ; cow3 to £7;lp3!/; stores selling at improved rates./ Calves. —We sold 10 held .--.for/ /various ' "owners. Sheep.— 1500 harded./ rWb /sold! 200 mixed hoggetB at / 6's. for "Mr A. Lindner, and io00 full-' moii th--ewe3 for Mr D. Cassidy, at highly satisfactory rates. Horses.— About .twenty- head! yarded, a large proportion consisting " of inferior, worthless horses, anyfchinsr useful selling well — light hacks and harness/horses to £14 10s. - ' " . " TheBethanga Stores.— Mr C. Dyring, of the Bethanga Stores, by adyertisement iri another column ijif or ms tlie /public of Bethanga anisurroundingbistrict'tliafc lie 13 now selling his goods, .for /cash only; ift prices which will defy conipetitiori. !"1' : , Store,Sheep.— The sale of stbre.slieep' advertised to' be cdrid ucted by jiess'rs Dal--' Campbell and Co. at 'tlie'Hiirdle ' Creek station) . Wliprbuly, lva3 bee'n : postponed until Friday; the/ 9th-insb; / owing to tlie .iuclemency of.tho- iveather preyeiitirig/the 8heep beirigjnvisterecl." :'."I / The AIy rtleeo rd Railway- line. — At six o'clOck on'ThursdAy evening-.a - public meeting, to. consider the alteration of tbe lino' of . railway .from -..Everton to :Myrtle-. ford, ' will bo". ; held at ' Dodd's /hotel) 'Whorouly. . As the-' subject .to -.bevdis- cu3sed is an/impqrtanfc ©ne, we-. expec!; to"" see/a-numerous attendarice Of persons in- :terested-;-for,.lfc is/felt'.:thaf;.:tfee site" pro-' posed for the Tailway statibri-wril be a most inconvenient one itommbers of the residents "lofche, locality! t/and therefore before it is definitely fixed upon decisive action sliould-be publicly, taken in repre senting the maiter in a proper -light: to the authorities. If the niglu. is tiao,-- several If/.tl j n j-esid ei 1 ts of- Beechworth .r-iii-O'io.- Third Beechworth Building Society. — The first monthly meeting of the com mittee of the newly-formed Third Beech worth Building and Investment Society was held on Friday evening ; the pre sident (Mr Finch) 1:1 the chair. Seven shares were solol at par. The receipts at the close of the meeting amounted to £152 153. It was decided that new shares may be takeri up until the date of the next monthly irieeting at the same rate as at present ; and we have no doubt but that the opportunity of becoming share holders on such liberal terms will be taken advantage of by a large section of the public. Stock Sale. — The usual fortnightly Beechworth stock sale will be conducted on Wednesday, 7th inst., by Messrs J. H. Gray and Co., at their Beechworth yards, at whicli an unusually large number of cattle, sheep and store pigs will be sub mitted. Fire-brigade Trophies. — Some of the trophies won by the Beechworth Fire- brigade at the recent demonstration were exhibited on Friday last in the shop- window of Mr A. W. Forster, Ford-street. They were the centre of attraction to a large number of the townspeople, and were un iversally admired. They consisted of a beautiful nickel-silver plated hydrant (valued at £25), the gift of Mr" John Danks, "which was the secsnd prize in the Britannia Challenge Cup event ; a fine large solid silver cup, the first prize (with eight medals) for the Engine Practice event ; and six silver medals, third prize for the Hose Practice for Six Men. The eight medals for the Engine Practice event and the large silver medal awarded to the brigade for gaining the second largest aggregate number of points in connection with the competitions have not yet been received. The trophies above enumerated will be on view to-day and until Tuesday, when they will be taken to Melbourne to be engraved. Public Draughtsman. — Mr George Butterfield has been authorised by the Government of New South Wales to pre pare plans and make tracings from the maps in the Surveyor-General's office, Sydney. Police Changes. — Mounted-constable Keegan, of Bright, has been promoted to he charge ©f St. German's Police-station ; his successor at Bright being Constable Crimean. Constable Christopher Wilson for the last four years in charge of the Wandiligong station, has resigned his position in the Victorian police force, and retires on a pension, having completed twenty-seven years' service. Constable Wilson, reports the "Observer," was highly respected by the residents' of Wandiligong, and he takes his departure with general expressions of regret. He, in turn, sgeaks in complimentary terms of the locality, stating that during his four years residence there it .had been necessary to take action in a solitary case of a criminal, and he had executed only four warrants for debt. His predecessor, Constable Duane, effected only one arrest in thirteen years, the offender in that : instance - being a Celestial who stole a fat porker. Mr Wilson, with Mrs Wilson and family, left by coach for Beechworth on Thursday. Constable Lyons is now in charge of the Wandiligong Police-station. - A Clever Surgical Operation.— The advances in modern surgery and the liberties that can be taken with the human frame, if. directed by skilful manipulation) were well exemplified in a case of hydatids of the lung which we ("North-Eastern Ensign") . had the opportunity to see operated upon by Dr Nicholson about three week's ago. A Mr Cain, of Youra- rang, had been a long time suffering from some affection of the chest") which the medical men he had consulted had been unable to diagnose, and which, instead of being benefited by any treatment pre scribed, only continued to increase in: severity until, at the time he consulted -Dr Nicholson, ho was unable to get any ress in consequence of continued severe pain and urgent cough. The doctor :at ouce pronounced the case one of hydatids, occupying nearly two- thirds of the right lung, and he proposed an operation as the only hope of ultimate cure. To this Mr Cain readily assented, and Dr Nicholson performed the operation three weeks ago. The operation consisted'in the removal of a large portion of one of tho ribs and the insertion of a large tube into the hydatid cyst, which, as it was six. inches from the sit.uation of the external opening, was a very hazarduous undertaking arid one /re quiring skill arid coolness, combiued with exact anatomical knowledge. The patient has progressed wonderfully well siuce the operation, and the cyst and Its contents have been entirely removed, it now .being a mere question of a little time for ;the system to recover itself. The air goes in aud out of the opening at each act' of respiration, bufc the doctor has no doubt of its very soon closing up. Altogether the case is fully deserving of notice, as we are riot .aware that such an operative pro cedure has hitherto been resorted to, and we believe that it will form a subject of a communication to the Medical Society. The Tobacco Crop. — The tobacco crop, which is now being harvested in various parts of the Albury- district, is considerably, less : than that, of : last years, reports the " Banner." , In the im mediate neighborhood of town, tke total yield js estimated at about 25 tons,, one buyer 'alone" purchasing three times that quantity last- year/' On the Yictorian side of the river tho total crop is con sidered likely to reach 250 to us. ; The quality" of the leaf generally is good; and tlie' price obtained so" far hasrraiigecl from od'Io 7d per lb. ' A Narrow Escape.— At the Wagra and Bungil ford, on Monday last, states the " Albury Bauner," a man on horseback attempted to cross from the Bungil sta tion. He was warned that the river was rising and had not besn fordable for days, but persisted in his attempt. Soon after entering the river the horse was taken off its legs by the powerful current, and the rider slipping out of the saddle, clung for , some time to the stirrup-leather. Ulti- . inately he mauaged to scramble on to a log, from " which he was rescued. The Ho'rse was carried a considerable distance down the stream, and when it was got out of -tlie iiver had to be shot, as it had sus tained a fracture of the thigh. ; j . Funeral . Festivities..— Some of the revelations lately made , public-concerning tlie Congressional delegation in connection with the. funeral of President: Garfield are disgusting, and indecent in the extreme! For members of the House of- Represeii- tatives alouri the expenditure was "ahont- se vea thousand dollars, including, says the / Washington- correspondent . of thy "New '-York Herald," "Seventeen hundred dollars paid for champagne, /brandy, whisky; "/cigars, and lunch' ;" adding, '"three ; hundred: dollars are charged for cocktails." - A Republican lr.eiuber- of-the House is reported by the New York " Tribune" as saying : " There was an unlimited quantity of wine-and. a very-ex pensive lunch... Some Congressmen took, too :: much --wine, and, :> the tru : h ; is, - bo- : came very much disgusted, ft .'ppearuu w- .thoinvli-'i.a .':«freafcjAMianv.v--' OunTri-ssmnp . r .. . . . i he Budget Speech, , , the budget was resumed m/ri T . ,te Assembly on Thursday whom only a moderate large "au?!' c'lilsctsd to hear, reports the cc Fro,, the the Wohe5Vbot£ were numeoru3 absentees Mr "R criticised the Treasurer's statement charalable spirit. He was seized vrfft grave doubts as to whether the estinS of revenue tor next year would be reality and examined the items of Customs' ceipca one by one, for the purpOSo £ showing that they had beeu made kn»« than the experience of the current vlZ would warrant. The land revenue S also been rated too high, and even if a! " Government could realise £160 000 t auction in 1882-3, they ought not to r. Z with so much of the public estate pr regarded the land sales as au expedient whicli should be resorted to in times nf emergency alone. The Government 0» the one hand, proposed to reduce tatitm! by £140,000, and the other increase expenditure by £493,000. Having misgivings as to whether the reveal would be realised he feared that tb Government could not safely make tb!! reductions they proposed. To those ductions in themselves Mr Berry had no objection, for the Treasurer had remitted the duties and imposts which he himself would have chosen had he been in office, and had the state of the finances justified it. Mr Berry disapproved of theW expenditure contemplated for defenca purposes, and questioned the advisability of increasing the numerieal strength of the poliee force..- If the force was under tbe control ;of the local bodies, and had to be maintained by therii, the colony wonll get on with one third of the existing number of .police. After several other members had spoken progress was re ported, and the .House at a quarter past eleven adjourned until Tuesday. A Marsupial Ghost. — The Corowa correspondent of the "Albnry Banner" writes " For years it has been reported that a ghost of a murdered man haunted the Billabong. I have much pleasme in informing any travellers that the reported Billabong ghost, owing to the late stringent measures adopted by the Stock and Pas. tures Board, had fallen a victim t© the riB# of the hunter. It turns out to be a white kangaroo, the skin of which ha3 been pur chased by Mr H. Culley, of Urana." Culture of the Opium Poppy.— He following answer is given in the "Weekly- Times" to " J. L.," Kiewa, in regard to the culture- of the opium poppy We think that wherever you can grow tobacc# and maize, you ought to succeed with the opium poppy. Obtain, iu the first instance; good seed, and although the juice er sap of any kind of poppy will form the drag called opium, the "Turkey" opium is the most valuable. We think, perhaps, that almost any chemist could procure you half an ounce or more for a trial. It is sold in this market in very small quantities, and we do not think the supply exceeds that of a dozen years a«o. Such a crop -requires cheap labor ; a maa with a large family might make its culture pay, but the worst of it is, at the time tbe capsules are ready to give out their juice harvest, the grain crop is ready, and all family help is needed there. If you desire to try a few rods, break up the land at once and prepare to sow the seed next month (July). The land should be ia good heart to produce large capsules. Sow in drills 2ft. . apart. Thin out the plants to 18in. Keep the rows clean. When the capsules are of a light green color, they are considered to hare arrived at maturity. There are knives especially made, Invented, we believe, by the late Mr Hood, chemist/for the purpose of making incisions in the poppy head in the evening, and the exuded juice is gathered in the morning. The raw opium is worth about SO3.' per lb. in this market. . Ginger VYine. — Ginger wine is one of the neutral drinks of which some abstainers are in. the habit of partaking, believing that it' Is unintoxicating. A case lately before the Camperdown Court of Petty Sessions has come under our own notica which conclusively proved that it is not the harmless beverage pretended, remarks the " Temperance News." A charge was laid, against a storekeeper for sailing liquor without a license on the grounds that three men were described as " pretty boozy" by one witness, and by the police magistrate as "drunk," though sworn evidence , was given that the only liquor drunk was ginger wine, of which ten or twelve' bottles were sold, and the intoxica tion ; of the drinkers was fully admitted. One witness; 111 his evidence, stated that he had been a teetotaler for twenty-sis years, and that -ginger wine was " looked upon as. a teetotal drink." A teetotal drink which produces such effects should be releaated to the liquor- dealers, and eschewed by all teetotalers who desire that their profession of abstinence should be above suspicion. Mr Heron, the police magistrate; -said it inust have been dark brandy to .-make three men drunk. The case was postponed till the 25tb June, 33 fie;did not wish to give a hurried decision, a case with similar' surroundings never having previously .come before him. .-A "Fortunate Esc ate. — Fr;;in the " Argus" we learn that Mr J. B. Caatieau, the inspector-general of penal establish- ments, had a very narrow escape w:thm the last few days from a singular accident. He and Mrs Castieau had risen from their breakfast table. Mrs Castieau had left about a minute, and Mr Castieau remained a little longer, lingering over a momento of old times which lay on the table. J"3' as Mr Castieau turned arid walked awayj a large ornamental centre piece, about 5ft in diameter, and weighing about 3 cwt., fell with a terrific crash, and smashed the table to splinters.. Fortunately 110 one was injured, but had Mr. Castieau loitered a moment longer at the table be would have been seriously injured, or perhap3 killed. -The building in which the acci dent occurred is" Government property, and within the stockade boundaries. 