Mesi and ffctidws. SETTING THE SNARES. CHAFTEB V. Texas Dick's judgment was Dot at fault ; for it iww a white man whom he bad seen in company with two Apaches, and this wbite mail was not dd known to him. Nor was the fact of these Apaches being seen there at that time, devoid of a certain ominous significance ; for the tnbe were away, and Done bnt loafing, or as they are expressively termed in the West, * bad ' Indiana would be in the district apart from their chiefs and comrades. Texas U1CK naa a ISO, as nc ej^ulij ensjjcwtcu, ucai Been by the white stranger ; for the latter had harried to the shelter of the broken ground, in order to avoid him. The two Indiana so seen, either understood the design of their companion, or obeyed withont questioning ; for nothing was said among the three until they stood in a little ravine, and the white man had made sore of the Texan's disappearance. 'Seoor Tony,' then said one of the Indians, in his broken jumble of English and Spanish, * that not the man you go far show us — oro. V ' That !' exclaimed the wbite man, in a tone expressive of supreme contempt. * That is Texas Dick. You should know him rarely, Pedro. The man 1 want to show yon is the new boss at the ranche. I know that old man Holt is to ride through Crowsfoot Canon to-day, and this boy will be with him. I have never met him alone, or I wonld have' ? The speaker ceased abruptly, and tapped the revolver in his belt with a glance which was meant to he fierce. The red man of the West has his features well nnder con trol ; he rarely laughs or shows — to white perceptions, at anyrate — what he thinks ; bat there was a momentary roll of two pair of dark eyes which met in their glance, and the expression was as near an approach to a sneer as an Indian would allow himself. The white man noticed nothing of this, bnt of the Indians— both of whom bad fallen a little behind — stepped close to him, and laying a hand on his shoulder,, said : * Baeno, bneno sen or ! Injun ronch tired : Injun want whisky. ?To can walk over this mountain without whisky.' 'You shall have whisky goon, Pedro,' returned the white man ; * bat I want to show directly ; then, after they have gone by, you shall have whisky.' ' Injun atop here. Injun go to sleep, if no whisky,* sullenly rejoined Pedro, who at once without further notice, seated himself on a fragment of rock. The second Indian, being either of a taciturn disposition, or under standing even less Eaplish than Pedro, granted out the invariable * Ugh !* and imitated his comrade. 1 Yon are a sweet pair,1 growled Tony, as he looked from one to the other of their obstinate, animal-like faces, so stolid and expressionless. He added some bitter and very strong words ; bat these also were growled in an nnder key ; for Indian ears are eharp, and are never sharper th*n when the barbarians are apparently most stnpid and Abstracted. With some more half -intelligible grumbling, the white man produced a bottle from one of his pockets. The two Indian faces lighted they uttered guttural ejaculations of approval. Making the best of the situation, Se∨ Tony first drank a deep gulp himself of the raw spirit, then handed the bottle to hU com panions, who drank with immense gusto, and with repeated exclamations of 'Good — very good,1 until the whisky was exhausted, very few minutes being required for this. As soon as the bottle was empty, &nor; Tony exclaimed : ? Xc-w th**», boys ! hurry on to 4 Bat to his disgust, Pedro insisted Ttpoa & still further supply of liqaor : * More whisky. Injun no had plenty enough whisky.' ?I have no more with me,' protested the white man. ' Search me if you like. Come, my good men, let as hurry on, or we shall be too late.' * Senor Tony ought nave brin£ along much more whisky,' said Pedro. 'Injon no had plenty.' Curling round like a dog as he said this, the Indian disposed himself for sleep, which eo exasperated Tony, that he seized \\\\{m by the shoulder and shook him violently. In an instant the Indian was erect, his broad knife glittering in his hand, while his eyes wore so diabolical an expression that Tony fell back appalled. For a moment the Indian pai=cl, and then broke into what was iateuded far a langh of approval, perhaps of contempt for thescared face of the wbite man. It was bat a grunt or chuckle, yet it awoke the risibility of Miguel, who langhed in concert, and the danger was over. Tony, wbo had turned ghastly pale, also tried to join in the laughter, bnt only partly succeeded. As they again walked on, he wiped the cold perspiration from hia forehead, and while appearing to be calm, was really mad with rage and quivering with fear. ? Tony, however, was pretty well acquainted with the temper of his companions ; and by submitting to their rude jokes with apparent enjoyment, and by frequent references to the 'heap of dollars' which would be earned by them in this enterprise, he got over the crisis safely, so that by the time they entered Crowsfoot C&Hoa;, the Apach63 had somewhat toned down. So much time however, had been wasted, that Tony dreaded lest those they bad come to see bad already passed ; but, happily for his plans, it was not eo ; and ere they had been at their post of espial many minutes, they descried a small party of or 'bluff,* and ride op the canon towards them. 'Hist; keep down, Pedro; keep down, Miguel V exclaimed the white man in a whisper, for his allies shoved signs of breaking out with shoots of defiance and flourishings of knives. 'If they see you to day, there will be no dollars, no whisky over the job.' * Ugh !' ejaculated Iris two associates as this convincing logic reached their ears. Then crouching down behind the broken rocks, they watched patiently the approach of the The horse-track ran close under their lurking-place. The party w»a fix id number, consisting of Mr. Holt, and Arthur, Mr. Gaisford, and three of their men. They were so near, that any attempt on their lives might have been executed with every prospect of success ; bnt the survivors would infallibly have discovered their nssiilfln*iai 9-nH there was some deadly marksmen in the party, as Tony knew right well. Neither would it have suited bis plans to bring a melee in which Mr. Holt was exposed to danger. These plans, whatever they were, did not include the death of the farmer. As the riders passed within pistol shot of the spies. Tony silently pointed with bis finger foil at Arthur, who for the moment had fallen back * little, and was riding separate. The gleam in the eyes of the red men and their silent nod, showed that he was understood ; and no word was spoken until some minutes after the cavalcade bad passed. ' Yon. know him now V eagerly whispered Tony ; ' yon know the muchacho — the boy f ' Know him enough,' said Pedro, touching his knife. f That is right !' exclaimed Tony. * The soonerthe better boys. Mind! I have promised yon fifty dollars, when I know he id dead ; and now I say that I will give yon a keg of the best whisky as well — the real old rye. You shall get drank like white men for a At this promise, so delightful to their ears, the dark eyes of the Indians blazed again ; and Pedro, in whom the fumes of his late potent draught were still working strongly, forgot in this ecstasy bis habitual caution, and plucking his knife from its sheath, waved it above his head, aud gave one long hideous yell, or 'whoop,' which rang throughout the canon, and reached the ears of the horsemen, distant as they were. They instantly palled up, and listened ; but the yell was not repeated. Had Mr. Holt and his friends been at the entrance to the canon, they might have been more suspicious ; bnt they had reached a spot wticre the great breadth of the valley forbade all fear of an ambnsh * hyrjcp, after a brief pauqf, they rode leisurely on. CHAPPEE VL Friendly meetings on the part of Mr. Holt and Mr. Gaisford, and tbeir respective house holds and servants, were by no means uncommon ; and Arthur, among others, had come to know the roads and passes between the two farms extremely well. Indeed, it had even been remarked by friendly observers how frequently Arthur found it {necessary to ride over to Gaisford Ranche, and how often hie business was such as to detain him there for a whole day. It did not, moreover, fail to be noticed, that should Miss Rachel at any tune happen to go out for a ride, it was almost certain, by the most ccrions coincidence of circumstances, that on that very day it would happen to Arthur to go oat for a ride likewise ; and not only bo, but it further happened, through an equally surprising series of coincidences, that though both started to ride towards opposite points of the compass, their paths were almost sure at some point to cross each other ; and when this occurred, it was of course necessary that Arthur should see the young lady safe back to her father's house. This Beries of recurrences was, as must needs be, known to Squire Gaisford, for do endeavour was made to conceal it from him : and as it was noted by all the * helps/ it was probably known also to Mr. Holt. There is, however, good roason to believe that it met with tho approval of these elders. On one particular evening, when Arthur had accompanied Eachel home, and they and the farmer were sitting at supper, tbe conversation turned upon the Indians. Mr. Gaisford, in his antipathy to them, vowed himself willing to give a- whole section of hie farm — by which he meant one hundred and sixty acres — 'to bury as many of the red scoundrels as could be corralled within its four corners-' ' Bat the 0tes are not so bad,' father/ said RacheL ' I am sure old Cuervo' ? ' Bury the hull outfit !' exclaimed Mr. Gaisford, who was strongly imbued with the prejudices almost inseparable from the frontier fanner's life. * Some may be a little better, some a little worse ; but the best of them are only jast good enongh to shoot.' Rachel ; ' but was fetched away suddenly by one of the young men of his tribe- ' * I thought I saw him,' said Arthur, *as we rode np the slope ; but when I came near the place, I found I had mistaken the trunk of a tree for his brown body.' ' Maybe yon had, maybe yon hadn't, Arthur,' returned the farmer; 'there's do telling with these red robbers. He might have been larking there, for all you can tell, and shifted as yon came near, ' ' Cuervo seems very ranch attached to Mr. Bichmond,' interposed Bachel ! 'and, I am sore, means him no harm.' * Harm !' langhed Arthur ; * no, indeed ! If I dread anything on tbe port of Cuervo, it is his great demonstrations of friendship. For some odd reason or another, he has certainly taken a strange fancy for me,' 'Yes,' said the fanner reflectively — 'yea; that is so. You might depend on Cuervo. I will say that, although he's an Injan. When tbe Injuns or Mexicans do take a liking to a man or a woman, they will do almost any thing to serve them.' * By the way/ eaid Arthur, * I called at the post-office as we came in, to see if there were any letters ; bat there were none. I do not Jike your post-master very much.' 'What have you against him? asked the farmer. 'We saw old Setfa. Bixnble,' »t1**w* Bachel; 'and there was something very etzange about him. First of all, as we rode np to the chanty where he keeps his office, we found the door fastened. We might have gone away, after knocking, but that I had seen, for sure a face peeping at as as we rode np, and saw the door gently closed. So we knocked again1 ? ? Kather loudly/ interposed Arthur. 'Yes; rather loudly/ continued Rachel, with a smile ; 'and then old Seth came to the door. He looked as ekeered as if he bad seen a ghost He stood just in the opening of the door, which he held in bis hand, aa though he wished to prevent us from entering, which we no intention of doing. When we asked about the letters, he answered so gruffy, we could scarcely understand what he said, and then slammed the door close withont another ? Whisky/ said the farmer sententionBly. *I have noticed something uncommon about Seth for a long time. He is pretty nigh played oat, I reckon.* ? Perhaps yon are right,* replied Arthur ; 4 bat he did not look like a drunken man, to my thinking.' ?Whisky,' again repeated Mrs. Gaisford, in a tone that showed he, at all events, was perfectly satisfied with the explanation ; and neither of his listeners caring to dispute its correctness, the subject dropped. It was somewhat later than usual when Arthur set out on his homeward ride. The night was clear, from the moon being in her first quarter ; and there was no difficulty in a rider, tolerably familiar with the road, finding his way safely enough across the country. Arthur had not proceeded far, when to bis surprise, and a little to his alarm, three mounted figures suddenly emerged into the clear starlight and approached him. He saw they were Indians, and that they separated as they drew nigh him, so that two would approach on his left side, and one on his right. Seriously alarmed at observing this dis position he checked his horse and drew his revolver. The action was noted ; and a deep guttural voice, which he instantly recognised, said : ' Indianos amigos [friends]. I am Cuervo ! No shout ;* and the next instant the friendly Ute was by his side. Besoming his journey, all four rode on towards Mr. Holt's ranche. Cnervo talked a good deal ; but owing to the frequent occurrence of Spanish words in Tiia conversation, Arth*1** could understand bnt little of it. He was much pooled also in the style in which they * crowded ' him, as they rode along. At last, when about half the distance had been traversed, the Indians either saw that he did not like each close quarters, or their zeal, from some cause, slackened, for they fell away from him ; and then, after riding a few hundred yards farther they quitted him abruptly, with a brief 'Good-night,' and in another minnte were lost in the gloom of the prairie. There Toad been something so odd in their sudden appearance and disappearance, that stances to Mr. Holt on reaching home. The farmer on bearing mention of Cuervo's name, said r ' If it had been any other Injan, Z should have thought less of it. I should have pat it down to whisky. Bat Cuervo ! he is different. Who were the others with ' They were Cuervo's sons,' replied Arthur. ' Oh/ said Mr. Holt ; 'I know them well ; very decent boys for Indians, Whatever Cuervo could want away from his camp after nightfall, I can't imagine ; it is so different from his conduct in general. I don't half like it.' The farmer shook his head as he concluded ; and no more was said foe tbe time on the subject. One brigbt afternoon not long after this, Arthar bad ridden early over to Mr. Gaisford's, Goldthread was speedily saddled, and Miss Rachel and be set out for an easy canter towards the high broken groand known as the foot-hills/ beyond which in tbe distance rose the great summits of tbe Rocky Mountains. This was a favourite ride, as the views there were more extensive and picturesque than from the low-lying country 'Yonder/ said Arthar, pointing to a group in the distance, * is Texas Dick and some of oar men. They are going to build a sheep corral there— they see us !' With this, he waved bis hat ; the signal was returned, and then the men went on with their work. While they had been exchanging signals with Dick, a man had come to the edge of a thick copse which grew jast there, and although he drew back instantly, paused within the shelter of the little wood to watch them. It was only fora minute, and then he disappeared ; and they, unconscious of this espionage, proceeded on their ride. The man wbo bad thus watched them immediately struck through the wood, emerging at the opposite side. Then at a quick' pace he descended the sloping ground, and made towards the cluster of huts which we have described as calling itself Andrew Jackson City. On approaching these dwellings, the man's gait became slower, and he paused occasionally in places where he was screened by a tree, bash, or mound of earth from the observation of any one who might chance to be looking from the buildings. At last be reached them without seeing a sool ; and climbing a low fence at the back of the post-office, entered the open door, closing it carefolly behind him. He then turned the handle of another door and steeped into the front room, in which a man was seated. With a startled exclamation, the postmaster half drew a large pistol which hung at his belt, bat replaced it when he saw who was the intruder. ? There's baseness to be done to-night, Birrable/ said she intruder. ?Is thar?* replied tbe other. ? Well, look here! Squire Tony \ I have bad enough o! your work, and not enough of yoor dollars. I know what yon want ; you want the young Britisher at th-Holt Ranche Bent op, and I don't propose toVun that line any longer. I I opened old Holt's letters and took copies tg for yon, and I opened the BritaaWa. You m met him at New York ; and why you didnt m clinch the business then, I don't know; as yon own you had plenty of chances. You » him at Kansas too, and there ain't a better place in the States for such work than Kansas. You have not the real grit, Squire Tony, that's where the trouble is* ? ?Now drop this,' interrupted Tony. I mean business, and if yon can only Bay —7 'So do 1/ interposed the postmaster in turn. ' I mean business, and I am coming right to it. But you must really let me show what I have done. The other afternoon that gal would have seen you here with me, if I had not etuck around that doorway; and then where would yoor plans have been? And yon get your precious Injnns down here and catch the boy riding home after dark, and then are afraid to touch him.' .,,.., 'We should have shot him that night 1 exclaimed Tony, 'but for those blackguard Ctes, who rode so close beside him that -we dared not fire. I will never believe that was chance * Bome one must have told them. ?Shoo V ejaculated Birrable contemptuously. ' I would have shot Utes and all, and been glad to have taken each a chance. However, that*. a how it stands. You know what I have done, what you have not done, and what you want me to do now. All I have had is fifty dollars and promises. I want a hundred dollars before I stir another particle in your business ; the promises to stand the same as they do now.' After some argument, Tony drew fifty dollars from his pocket, and this was accepted as a compromise. They then entered upon a kind of whispered conversation, which was broken off by Tony saying : * Now, there is no time to be lost ; for if you can't meet that Britisher before be gets to Gaisford Uancfae, there wfll be some questions asked which inll be difficult to answer ; bnt if you catch him and the girl alone he will believe anything/ * 1 have got jast the man for the messenger,' replied Birrable ; ' leave it to me/ chapter vn. After a brisk canter, and while the snn waa. still above the horizon, Arthur and Rachel were returning from the nde mentioned in our last chapter, when jast as they reached a hollow or * dip ' in the ground at no great distance from the farm, Bachel exclaimed ; * There is a man on horseback m^kf«g signals to us. See ! there he is, by that patch of cotton-wood trees/ Arthur looked in tbe direction indicated; and there, surely enough, was a man waving his hat, as he rode briskly towards them. They reined up ; and in a couple of miootea the man who was a stranger, came alongside. * Say !' he cried ; * air you Sqnire Arthur from the Holt's Eaache V Arthar replied tbe affirmative. * Then, boss, Squire Holt wants you to meet him at the Ogley Ranche, as soon as you, can.' ? At the Ofrfey Ranche ;' echoed Arthur, in surprise. * Why does he wish me to join him. there? * Goess that ain't none of my business,* said the *»«' salkQy ; * and it ain't oons o£ my business whether you go there, or whether you don't. Bat I reckon I heard him talking about the reason. ; he has concluded to bay & piece of land away in the hills. The man that belongs to it has come down about it, and Squire Holt proposes to stay at Ogley'a to-night, and go on fresh in the morning.' * It is very carious ' ? began Arthur. Bat the stranger interrupted him. 'Wai, boss,1 said he. * it ain't no affair of ip''*. When Squire Holt found I was going past the Gaisfotd Ranche, he asked me to call and tell yon, bat said I might cross the track of you aud Miss there, and to do so, if I could, aa he wanted you at once, * Fve done it ; I*vq earned the two dollars he paid me, and I don't care a single cent what comes of if With this the man trtrnck his heels into die pony's side ; and ere Arthur could fairly make up his mind what to say, he was beyond hearing. ' I suppose I must go, ' said Arthar rnefally ; ' bnt it will be dark loug before I get to the Ogley Ranche.' *I did not like the look of that straager/ said RachcL ' I noticed that he would never meet your eye. I cannot think why he should deceive us ; but you ought to ride over to Mr. Holt and learn if the message was genuine.7 ' It would take me as long to get to to the rancbe and back to this place, as it would to ride to OglcyV replied Arthur ; ? eo I should have all the bad part of my ride in the dark, and perhaps offend my uncle. *No; there can be no great harm in obeying. So good bye, Sachet/ he eaid, as thev shoot hands; 'and tell your father why I have not returned.' Arthur, as he reached the crest of the Bwell on his side of the hollow, turned for a moment to wave his cap ; then he vanished, and Rachel rode slowly home. Mr. Gaisford met Rachel as she rode up to the door of the farmhouse, and naturally asked what had become of Arthur. On learning what had occurred, he expressed » - considerable surprise, as he bad heard nothing t of Mr. Holt's intention to buy land in the M vicinity of Offley Ranche. He smiled. A however, at Rachel's strongly expressed ^ dislike of the messenger, and said that out West it did not do to be too particular. While they were speaking, their Old Mexican woman -servant CarJota came out from her diary. 'Senorita Rachel !' exclaimed Calorta, * what ia that you say ? Senor Arturo cone up to Ogley *s Ranche ?— that very bad thing.* ^ Hereupon the farmer, as if suddenly ^Z recollecting himself, said to Rachel : 'Oh, I '' remember now that Oariota came to me to day, asking very anxiously if I had seen Mr. Arthur ; and ou hearing that he was out with yon, she seemed more satisfied.1 *Y«?/ continued Gariota, who had attentively listened to the farmer; 'I think. Senor Artnro safe then. But now he is murdered/ * What !' ejaculated the farmer. * Merciful heaven ! what do you mean T coed SacheL the colour deserting her fgjx* ? yet, as she spoke, she felt that Ciriota's words did bat cany the realisation of a dreadful fear which had haunted her from the moment she parted with Arthur. *Capriano ! Cipriano ! come here !' screamed Calorta. In obedience to this summons, a young Mexican, her nephew, presented *™wlf ' Now, Caprian o, ' began Carlota, 'yon tell to the Senortta what you have hear about Senor Arturo !' The Mexician spoke very briefly and to the point. He said that Cuervo the Dte captain bad met him, and warned him that men were lying in wait to shoot Senor Artnro, if they could get him near the hills that night ; that these men, were a white, and two 'bad' Apaches ; and that Arthur wasonno account to ride out to the mountains alone. He was to «ay also that eome attempt would be made to decoy him there by a feigned message from his uncle. Gaisford paused for an instant ; and then, with the air of a man accustomed to act promptly, exclaimed : * I sec it all ; — Bide, Bachel, to the Holt Ranche ; tell them to send every man they can muster, well armed, through the gulch to Ogley's Eanche.' 'No, father; send some one else,* cried Rachel, as she shook the reins of the pony and prepared to ride oft ' I shall follow Arthur. Hie cannot be above a. few miles up the pass, and I may overtake him before any danger happens.* And before her father could reply she was off on her swift little steed The can was already ont of sight, ind twilight, beautiful but short-lived, was Betting in. 'Brine up three horses !' shouted the sight. — * Cazioto ! 1 will ride with this man and Cipriano to the lord, and meet Texas Dick. You can tell the others as they come in where we are gone to ; and send them on, Ranche. I will fetch the weapons'. Saying this, the farmer entered the house, leaving Carlota and the young Mexican intently watching the progress of Miss RacheL 'Golly! how Senorita Rachel U riding!' exclaimed Cipriano presently. * But the pony splash very little water at the creek. By tnnnder ! she have swim through, to save time. She mucha brave girl. The creek. twenty foot deep there.' I was even so ; and the farmer, who bad just emerged, laden with firearms, knowing the deep, treacherous holes of all the streams in the vicinity, turned pale as he saw his daughter plunge through the * creek ' at a spot dreaded for its danger, evidently doing this to save the time which would be consumed in riding round by the ford. She emerged, safely, however, on the other side, and rode swiftly away. 'Now mount, Cipriano! — And you, Ned,' continued Gaisford, as the horses were led up ; ?here are rifles and cartridges. — Seud on the other men, Carlota, as I told you. — Now, boys, are you ready ? — Off witHyon !' The party started at a sharp trot, taking a line somewhat different from that followed by Rachel, as their aim, in the first instance, was to meet Texas Dick and his men, who, they knew, would remain at work at the new corral j^ptii sundown. Idttle was said * but many an anxious glance was cast towards the distant foot-hills, until a group of five or six men* easily to be recognised as Texas Dick and his assistants, came in view on the farther side of the creek. A piercing ' hallo * from the fanner drew the attention of this parry ; and some signals were wanted ; and so, without losing time in ^-J'»ta he and hig comrades quickened their pace, crossed the ford, and were soon alongside the farmer. A very few sentences sufficed to convey the position of affairs to the frontiersmen * frhpT?, with merely an ejaculation of ' Come on, boys !' he turned his horse's head, and followed by his men, rode off at once in the direction of the hills. * I told you I saw a white ^hett in company with some Apaches,' said Dick, as they pushed ?on. The farmer assented. * Wai/ continued the Texan, 'that white man has been seen with them ns^tin ? and one of our boyB saw him with old Setb Birrable the postmaster.' 1 Me see strange white man elinV into back of post-office this afternoon,1 said the T^pyT**gTi ? * then be run out of front, and hide and creep in bosh till he get away.' * That Sirrable is a bad nn, * said the fanner. 'That is so,' assented Dick ; 'and if anv ^mifn ^otp*^* off this business to Mr. Arthur, we will lynch him. I had a good mind to take him out to a tree last winter, for I know he was in those horse-robberies. Bat this time we will string him up for sure.' A low murmur of approval from his hearers followed this speech ; and the party rode on in silence. The twilight was now beginning to thicken in the distance, shortening the perspective ; and as if spurred on by the nearness of the night, both horses and men bent to their work with a vigonr. They were going over the rough ground with wonderful speed. All at once the Texan, keenly scanning the ?country towards the hills, suddenly exclaimed pointing to an open patch which lay between two jutting piles of rocks and mounds : * By ?snakes ! there's Senor Arthur ! You aee his gray horse ?' One or two others of the party declared ?they could just make out in the dim light the 'figure of a horseman ! bat from the distance, it was impossible to feel certain. Dick was -positive, however, and rising in bis stirrup. Be cave a loud and peculiar halloo. 'He heard me!' cried the Texan. 'I saw him turn hia his horse round. Now he goes on again.1 A second time the shrill halloo arose ; but it was impossible to decide whether ifreeonnd reached the rider or not. Suddenly Cipriano the Ttfyiicsn cried t ' Senor Gaisford ! there is firing ia the foot hOIs. I hear a shot just now.' *^ie Mexican is right!' exclaimed Dick, after a brief, painful pause. * I heard shots again,— Pnsh on, boys ! Don't spare your horses!' Nor did they ; and tbe ground being fortu nately level in itself, although of course with an upward slope, they made rapid progress. They had approached nearly to the last spur forming the boundary of the broken country, and were about to enter the pass into which they had seen Arthur ride, when suddenly they heard several other shots fired, and were even near enough to see the flashes. * Give a shout, boys !' said the Texan ; * it wOl cheer our friends and frighten our enemies. Now for it !' The ' boys' complied, and two or three tremendous yells rang throogh the night, which most have penetrated far beyond the canon from which tbe firing proceeded. {To be concluded next issue.) 