BUMMER AND LAZABUS. A Sas 'Tbak ciaco Sketch. In the good old days when immigrants, not tourists, wended their way by land and eea to San Franoisco— thut is to eay, eomewhero in tho 'fifties' — an insinuating and almost too friendly dog made his appearance one evening, toward dinner-time, in a Montgomery. street restaurant. He was not, Htriotly apeaking, a yellow dog ; but a critical eye might havo deteoted that plebeian tinge in bis hidu. Hia head, however, was well posed ; he was strong nn^ DnnftrnW Hpf nnii wnrrt i»n nit- ('if mirnnQit :hough hiB vacillating tail betrayed a wistful .vrigglo at times, and a glance at onco sneaking ind calculating stole out from tho corner of his )ye as he took in the reatuurHnfc and itn occu Hints. With this exception, he maintained an :asy, indifferent demeanour, liko un animal of teaurcd position — ono, in fact, who owna a inuian attendant — and tho waiters, accustomed though they were to canine audacity, were deceived thereby into permitting bis prem'ni'e. For a moment he stood irresolute, looking aurriedly about him, but oveu then covering his mental anxiety by a Bportive fiy-suup. Seeing two gentlemen enter by different doorn at tbo same moment and ap proach the euine table, his uccoitainty vanished. Hu instautly placed himself between them, and observing that they woro miners' ebirU (whioh was considered u guar antee for generosity in thoHe times), he beat the floor ouco or twice with hia t-iil in uncou trolUble satisfaction. While they talked to tho waiter be divided his attentions botwoon them, always appearing most doeply engrossed with tbe one who waa not looking at him, and in this way beguiling each into the belief that ho belonged to the other. Their repasts ap pearing, he permitted himself to display a sincere but modest interest ia their character, and as each gentleman, in the progress of his meal, threw him smaU portions, ho swallowed them with great speed and an unmoved counte nance, following the movement of his bene factors' jawa with unspeakable eagerness ao long as they moved or tho viands remainod within view. 1 Your dog f ' one miner inquired of the other. Apparently aware of tho query, tho animal began to retire with modest haste. 'I tbonght ho waa yours,' answered num. her two, who had called tbe waiter to inquire ?iboul deBsert. ' Dog belong to the ranoh ?' ho asfc8. ' Not much,' retortB the indignant servitor. ' Wo had a terrier, but he's petered out ; passed iu hia cheokB last week. That's Bummer — Git ! Vamose ! No, you don't — Blamed if he aintr though; nnd what'a more, you can't atop that dog ; he will do it. Ha, ha ! see him put, will you. Just see him dust.' xne ammai inus aesoriDca ana upusiruimizcu had hurriedly backed away nnder the recogni tion of the waiter, keeping ono eye on a partly emptied dinner-plate, the other on the door, and, disregarding the personal remarks and ? xpletivos addressed to him, seized the remnant of food on the 3rat, and slipped through the i utter just in time to avoid a kick, whioh a person entering at the moment received vicariously. ' Beg pardon,' aaid the waiter to tho now comer, who rubbed his shin with an aggrieved air, ' meant it for Bummer.' ? Who is Bummer ?' demanded the injured party of the small group who had actually taken the trouble tolookuptheloosolyplanked and brilliantly-lighted atreet to soe him dis appear round a oorner with hia dishonest booty. The waiter replied frankly, 'That'* him,' and added : ' I judge that beaet'a been kicked out'h here more'n forty times; but 'tain't no U6O. He's back as reg'lar as he goes.' ? Who dons he belong to ? ' ' Nobody ;. that dog' a- hia own master.' ' And hia namep ' 'Why, that camo to him, natural,' aaid the reatauraut funotiouary, with a grin 'Ain't he a bummer? a reg'lar one,. too ! ' and ho laughed with such a genuine enjoyment of thefUnesa of the title that he waa evor after believed to be the dog'a sponsor. .. ? But tho waiter was not in possession of Bum mer's entire biography. The dog had an inner life that waa not to be read by the careless eye of a chance obaerver, and, though he bowed to no master's collar, was the slave of no imperious whistle, he waa not alone ; he had a friend, or rather a dependent. About a block nnd a half distant from the restaurant whonce hn had fled, Bummer paused in Leideadorff street, opposite tin old Clay-street market honae. Making his way through and under, piles of loose boxes, old champagne baskets, refuse oyster and fruit cans, ho oame to a sheltered and secluded nook wherein reposed a fellow-canine of helpWs and miserable appear unco, before whose languishing eyes ho depo sited the food ho had stolen, sniffing at it to encourage hia invalid charge's appetite, and' complacently prioking his ears and licking hia own ohapa ua ho montally reviewed tho feat, Poor l.nzarua — such was tho name of Summer's protege — hud Buffered from a painful turn iu fortune's wheel ; ho had been run over, and, ifter a fow ear-fplitting yelps, had aunk in silence and eeoming death on the cobbles jnsnnguined by hi' gore. He wub a parti-coloured, looso-limbod, waggly -headed bonst, with flaps of drooping ears, a grovelling mouth, and a Bolf-convicted ayo thut never stood the teat of an honcBt, gaza. Ho was u gutter-dog, with moan ideas, a cowardly temper, and a servile tail that wagged propitiatingly at everything and nothing. Without intelligence or fixed principles, ho was ready to attach himself to uny one,, end. had passed the greater part of hiB life— when not experimenting with longevity under waggon-wheela — in following and being re puhed by atrangors. Tho fate ho had bo long tomptcd at last befell him, and, stretched bleeding on the hard etonep, he would in a fow momentB more have received hia final quietus from a second attack of wheola had not Bum mer, with licka and aniffu of consolation, re stored hiaconsciouaneas, and induced him to movo out of danger. His injuries had been hevere, hia Uluesa long und complicated ; but for the f.iith and energy of Bummer he must havo expired of want of pain. Now, however, ho waa convalescing rapidly ; tbe remnant of porterhouse 8toak brought atrength and vigour to hia uhuken frame, so that ho eat up iigainst an old orungo-box, and, as ho gnawncd it, told his companion how happy he should bo soon to tako one of thoHe zigzag runs up t-Bd down .the street, sniffing and careering aim lessly about, aa only a lunatio dog onn. Soon wan thia ardent hope to bo realised. Within a week of the evening of Bummer's appearance at the minors' tablo ho entered tho restaurant, according to custom, with a wary cyo for tho boots of the waiters, and laggiug behind him, with a half-uncortain, wholly- apologetic air, came tazsrus, his dprawliog riguio looking all logs and cars, and un all pervading sense of his own lack of graces giving him the appoaranco uf just having dodged ono kick, and confidently expecting another. At that time tho genus from which Bummer received his title was a distinctive one in the city of the Pacific In the rapid and not quite healthy growth of tho place, how could it bo otherwise ? Bummer and his compuuion soon becamo city foatures, and by and by, in tho scarcity of Home— albeit unconscious of the honour boatowed on thorn — they received occasional mention in tho columns of the press. Fortune'o smiles did not apcil or alienate them ; they preserved their original characteristics most consistently, and wero tho samo dogs in full tide of popular favour ns whon they covortly begged and stole by turns, and foregathered under bulkhoada und market lumbe' to orunoh and knfiw their filched menta. Bummer, true to his Bohemian inslinolB, pre ferred tbe atreets to a settled dwelling. Too amiable to wound any patron by an akrupt rofuenl to accompany him homeward, aud bocomo acquainted with the conveniences of hia back yaid and hia dog houao, he preferred, ufter apparently accepting his invitation, and going along at his aide somo diatanco, to Bud. donly remember an engagement mudo previously with Lazarus, and, with bont head nnd lowered oars, to turn about and mako off down hill at a koeo van, leaving hia beguiled companion to fltaio after him, and perhaps aoiid a fow verbal compliments and a flying missile in the same direction. As to Lazarus, no. one evor thought of adopting him, and, an h» Boomed well am.rs, he was merely tolerated because of his more showy friend's regard to? him, wolsh sou tinuod as firm as it ever was through' all the mutations of the three yeara of thoir known osietenco. Whother Hie drooping dulness of tbe timos had anything to do with it or not, tho increase and multiplication of street dogs at thia period booamo an alarming pest. Tho oars of tho City Fathers becamo disturbed, and by slow degreoB thoir mental forces were eot in motion. An ennetmont agnin --t unowned — and, there foro unnmzzled— dogs waa tho result, a potmd wob established, nnd stray animala slunk into corners to uvade the terrible aria of the low. It was in thia trying moment that Bummer and Lazarus were onubled to test that popu rity that has so often failed thoso it has allured into trusting its evanescent charm. How they learned the meaning and force- of the atutute no ono over proved satisfactorily. It was printed iu good typo, on a certain day, in all tho pa;ieri. that uny dog (withoutfavour) found unmuzzled in the atreotd should bo ar rested, oarried to the pound, and, if unclaimed within four uud twenty hours, should be shot. On tho morning of the appeurunce of that publication, Bummer camft alono to bieakfost in tho rcBtuurunt. Ho eeimed troubled and uneasy, und many persons in lined to tho belief that ho had purused an early edition of tho Jll\, and wus nnturully depressed in nonso qutnee ; but this has never been substantiated. Bummer wua certainly un accomplished dog, a doep thinker, and a keen student of human na ture; but it has failed to bo established that ho c juld read, and it is host to rest tho source of hia knowledge on tho fact that he waa a close obnerver and a good listener. What more likely than that ho overheard hia own name in discussion in this very connection, and, by attending to what wua said, understood all f It iB huffieitatto know that he advised the non appearance of his friend Laz- irue for the pro sont, and Ssazatai, h»ving ihti wisdom to be guided by his moro astute companion, retired behind the truck pilo on Leideadorff- street, where he had «pont the days of hia affliction, and received his rations duly from the sagiciou-i purveyor who atill dared to face tho public and watch hia interests. Bummer's next movo waa to address himself by a persistent guzi and immovable attendance to two. young Bohemian newspaper ' boya/ who were always bountiful to him on pay day, and who had even— as ho was well aware — in flush times, increased their order at the restaurant table on hia account Speech was invented to disguise thought. Bummer had no need of it ; he looked his wishes) und the two Arabs to whom he appealed were not hard hearted. Such us they had they gave unto him — namely the help of their pens ; and to their uueelfi.-h credit lot it stand that, while the work fur which, they were engaged and paid was always left till the laat moment, they at onos set about their task in Bummer's behalf, and' paused not until it waa completed. It waB a petition, addressed to the city counoil, praying that the dogs Bummer and Lazarus (being masteries* and dependant on thoir own efforts for u livelihood) be exempted frommuzzle.wear irg and arrest. Its tone was at onoe respectful and colloquial-, boasting tho double charm of simplicity nnd terseness. A very short bio graphical sketch of the appellants was given ; in allusion to the numea- borne by them, an ex planutory word was offered thuB :. ' The elder or more responsible ot' the pair reoeWed his title from his meek audacity and presuming humility of his manners, .his j«unty insolvency, and the admirable instinct with whioh he copies the bearing of hiB human modelB, unnumbered apeoimona of the g«nua-. as your honours pan eee by reference to your constituency, being im n odiutely under his no tioe at all tim. s The other animal received his name from an ufflioted party whoae history is chronicled is a aaored and ancicnb volume woiuu is oeuevea to uuva hitherto escaped your honour's attention,' With thia introduction, and an entreaty for their exemption, made up in good style and properly eigued by the best meroantile and professional names on the coast, tho friends of Bummor and Luzarus conveyed the two animals to the lobby of tho City Hall, then on Eearny atreet, opposite the Plaaa, and on the second floor. A modest rap was heard at the door uf the conncil chamber ; the whole body was in convention, but each grave and *iso signor glanced towards the entrance aa the janitor . opened the door, and aaw Bummer, in advanco, with the petition tied to hia collar, and Laztrua sprawling iu the background. At a word from the presiding spirit o£ the solemn con clave,. tho paper was detached from his neok, and, with a short howl, wrung from hia agitated feelings, Bummer retired baok into tho lobby to. await notion on his and. his friend's case. It waa during this trying ordeal that the only . eyidanoe of tomper ever betrayed by thia remarkablo dog was noiiced. Luzurus whose levity only dam aged hia own intareste, was foolishly sniffing at everybody's feet, and gyrating round the place in a ubiquitous manner,, with.neithor objeot nor roasou in his conduct.. The full muusuro and weight of- penning fate prossod Bummer's heart alone ; aud, disgusted with his companion s silly conduct, he yielded for an instant io anger, and snapped at one of his loose-jointed legs as he passed him in full careor of idiotio motion. Within, an hour the great minds assembled in the inner hall hud ugrcmi, and thoir agreement war- favourable to the two friends, .who were thonoeforth per mitted to rove at will, free from muzzle or fear of arre.st; though ono of the dignitaries after ward obBerved that ' it wrb a put-np job, for thoro wu'n'c :i dog in tho Biblo, for he'd looked it through a purpose/ After this ordeal tho favoured, animals knew no care but of their own creating. Too muoh favour is sometimes diiugerous ;. in their case it had tho drawback of indigestion; for, not understanding how to refuse- food^ and much being offered, they were sometimes obliged to suffer tho consequences uf over- indulgence. Bummer grow very stout, and one night, being seized with a &t; of curiosity on the subject of , fires, ho accompanied the ongincs to South Park, whore a conflagration was going on. Tboro woro a number of buildings burned ; tho excitement waa groat ; ia an evil moment Bummer, who had so fur forgotten himself aa to become oaoited too, got in tho way of tho hose, nnd was thrown over, trampled on, and killp'j, being no longer quiak or agile enough in hie movements to get nut of the way in timo to biivo himaelf. 'VVhen hii death was an nounced to his faithful and attached comrade no one waa by to witntsa the effeot of tie dreadful tidings, and a correct judgment of tho aorrow of Luzarus can only be formed by tho sequel. For somo days, if not weeks, tho unhappy survivor did not appear in puWic ; he muat have remained in seclusion during tho day, aud issued forth at night into streets aa dreary and deaarted as hia own altered life. Meantime, tbe fire company, in whose service, or in his ill- judged attempta to serve which, poor Bummer had lost hia lifo, recognising in him a public horo, bad his skin stuffed and mounted in their engine. room, in euch an ex'.remoly, natural manner as to elicit much admiration. On the occasion of a civio display very soon afterward, thb company ' turned out,' and, mounted on a stuud, poor liammer'e vivid ofagy accom panied them in parado. Tho day choeon chanced to bo oue on which poor 'SiOzaruB bad ventured forth;, u wretched ghost oi hia formor self, in reaching Montgomory-stroot ho met the pageant, asd, wising his Bui eyes, behold hia formor pution's figure carrbd aloft boforo tho ungino. The howl bo nttered is aaid by thoso who hoard it to have bsea blood- curdling. It was tho last sound he woo evor known to make, fir, raising his head higher than ho bad over hold it before, ho eeeme4 lautoly to appeal to heaven against Buch mummery, and thon started homeward, nuver uxreo to appear io tho theatre oi San Francisco :»2aus. Whon, ou tha removal of some rubbUh on tho coraer of Loidesdariff-Btreot, hia reuiuinB were diacovorod, no ono was by to suggest a taxiderintat ; but that may not have been from lack of good feeliug ua muoh aa from tho necessity for ohlo ride of lime.— Moirgarel Souner in Lippincott for Ttlruary. When George tho Third reviewed the fleet at Portsmouth, in 17S9, he waa atruok with the agility of a sailor lad in mounting the shroude, and aaid to Lord Lothian i ' I have heard mnoh of your simblenesB ; let us aee yon run up after that boy.' ' Sire,' replied Lord LoXhli'Sj * my duty is to follow you* Majeity/ 