TME OfSMSE CELEBRATION. By Paso.hin. T. II y a biPM des 'gens [qu'on estiine parcecju'on ne les connoit point. — EO CHEl'OUCATTLD. ! Tra et verba locani. — Martial. ' ? i i j The xuliug passion, be it what it will, ! The ruliiis1 passion conquers reason still. i — P0PJ3.— Moral Essays.. P.icrotry murders Keligion to frighten fools with her ghost, i Coi/rox. — Lacon, ' i Son ! , The I) rant, slumbers. Who tho tyrant f Is it a bearded swashbuckler armed to the gums with swords and daggers, who curses, dreaming in the tented field whilst tho army trembles ? Is it the big-boned boarding-house keeper who, sleeping at supper-timo, \ enables1 tho boarders to have the run of their molars unchecked over the dry hash and oleonaargaiine ? Something far more terrible. Extended on a borrowed pillow, which is inserted into a cradle ingeniously manu factured by the capricious chronicler of this facetious page of history out of a sewing-machine ;box and perambulator wheel, is a little bundle with a head to it as bald as one of Barry's ser-' mlons, and two little hands as trm i parent in their pinkness as Jamieson's enthusLam in the Parkes Welcome. This is the tyrru t. Wot content with partaking of refreshment sometimes for eight hours at a stretch — a proceeding which causes considerable modifications to be made in the family meals — three courses of hread-and-dripping with cold water a discretion, at those times, com prising the midday meal— he repeatedly requires, in addition, to take snacks of something that is being 'warmed up' continually in a .little tin saucepan. The apparatus by which this consum-, mation is effected I purchased some, time since of a fipnd inside the apron of a smiling iron monger, who assured me that it 'was ' self acting.' It has a little tin lamp mounted on a a little tin stand upon which is placed the sauce pan. Then — as the misguided tradesman Baid — 'you light the wick, and there you are.' Precisely! Only if the door happens to slam over goes the saucepan, and if a kitten sneezes, out goes the lamp. Yesterday, the man for certain reasons (which we need not go into) having neglected to leave the wood, I chanced to stamp my feet to warm them. The effect which followed was singular. It brought down upon me at once a torrent of infant's food, and almost .simultaneously the third notice that , week 'from the landlord. In the silent watches of the chilly night I have countless times trimmed, the wick, and Btirred the pap, until the cold has frozen me aB blue as a dungaree jumper, and, all this while the tyrant has howled his IoudeBfc, , and the , landlord (an invalid -gentleman who has been ordered ,' perfect quiet,' by , the faculty) has banged the wall , , with' ? his crutch ) ,in ,a phrenzy of agonyj and hia.good lady has chipped' in with remarks upon the naysterioui disappear ance of her guinea coal, 'as painful as they were uncalled for. There'B one comfort now, anyway. He's fast asleep as I write. There is therefore nothing to disturb' me, except perhaps Mrs. Pj, who is performing with a broom within a few yards of ray-writing table, and tho voices of the people (the attics I think) who are cheapening greens downutairs with a Chinaman. While this pleasant state of things exists let me at once plunge in medias res. The night of the ' glorious twelfth,' an anni versary always looked 'forward to byJme with lively satisfaction as boing-^-to use the words of Mr. Joe Gargery— -' calco'rlated' to lead to larx,' broke cold and cloudless fand being armed with' an' oighteen-penny ticket of admission to the annual carnival of -the' brotherhood, I picked up -with several hilarious brethren -' about 8 o'clock, and set out for the Exhibition v ' '? Building. Our party was a merry one. , It con-' ,' sisted of three gentlemen and. two ladies.; The,-//' names of the former appeared to be ' Sharkey,' .'. 'Nuts,' and 'Fowler'; those of the ladies -j* Sis, and Liza. Sharkey was a 'moulder,' and bei, ,7 longed to TSo. 18 Boyne Lodge ; Nuts was ,a . ,j ' striker,' and both he and Fowler, who was a.boofr ?!? closer, were officers of distinction in ' 54 Dia-!',, mond.' Tho social rank of the young ladies was not very difficult to determine. When at work they wero cigar- mnkers ; when not at work, why' they were Sis and Liza. There' was no pride '' about them anyhow. Liza adjusted her hose on j ',' t the top of the tram in the most unassuming -, manner possible, and Sis, with her mouth full'of ' * dates, inquired sf ' Sharkey' (pointing to an en- - graving of William on her programme) ' who was agoin' to play' the bloomin' King?' evi dently being under the impression that she was going to a dramatic performance ? '~ with a dance afterwards. When near Alfred Park we all g»t down, and entered a small pub- ? lie-house, a proceeding insisted on by Liza on her ascertaining from ' Nuts' that. ' no booze' wks to be procured 'at the fake.' This hotel was positively crammed with bedizened persons ?' - of both sexes, and the uproar waB terrific. The amount of beer that was put away by- tha brethren was surprising. Rum was also in con siderable demand. The ladies partook of gin-. 7 and-perpermint warm, and drank to the memory of ' William of Oranges,' or as Liza added^ ' whatever tke old buffer is sailed.' Then, in a little while, we all trooped over. , , .,??} The Exhibition building was one blaze of light, a' id each was the vaearme emanating from that historic structure, that had we not known that a ' religious celebration was going on inside, . wo should have thought that the circus had got ^ drunk, and tho menagerie was having a time with tho audience. Flitting about tho ' dark 'grounds' were a number of defenders of Pro testantism who wore ' larking' with some ladies of the Liza school, while other gallant knights sat upon seats with their adored, and discussed rum-and-water out of flasks, wolfing at' the same time something from a paper bag — probably sausages. On entering the building a surprise awaited me. My ticket waB taken by a tall sandy-haired youth with weak knees, and a facial expression which denoted an intellect of a similar '' character. Directly my eyes, lighted , on this youth , an exclamation of horror escaped me. Staggering ;back upon something inside a purple horse-collar, I' trembled violently. Could it be a phantom, or iv^as he back from the grave ? That was the very youth who,-at the last general election, had, when ? I was nearing the polling booth, pressed intc my hand a'yelloW'tioket, and in a sixpenny restau rant -whisper had said — ' Give- Sammy Lees a vote, sir.' . -. . . Later I saw him taken i j j across to the infirmary, and heard tho house surgeon say—' Dead as The Australian. ' Order up his cherry-case.' Yet here he was again. It .- was either a vision, or else a case of 'extra- ordinary tenacity of life in a youthful politician.' $ut stern duty was before me, bo with a plunge i' passed the grisly phantom, and mingled with the 'giddy'1 throng. A1 curious sight, truly. ?' The centre' of ' the building was occupied' by closely packed chairs, but there was ' - a tolerably ' wide ' prbmenade, round which ! eddied the, drolleBt collection of 'mortals' 'a shre'et dog ever barked at. Such hats, such clothes, and such ' regalia !' The boots of these loyal and living libels were' particularly notioeable. The floor being laid with a mixture of dust from the saw and dust from the highways, the ' trotter-cases ' of the bizarre assembly at an .early stage of the proceedings turned a complete ; ruBset colour, and, as nearly all tho men's shoes would, have been about four sizes too large for Blunderbore (not , to say Bowie Wilson — who , seems to be one of the giant's relations !) the appearance of their feet suggested the idea that, i unable. to get their boots out in time, they had,. \- for 'the nonce, jumped into mediaeval candle- boxes.. Their attire was, as a rule, a curiouB combination! ;6f idirt and splendour — the latter predominating.. In some cases, it is true, you didn't find the splendour/ but you always found the dirt. One* gentleman in a great Bta'e of tinsel^, - tind with a visible ' high-wator-mark' round his loyal neck, attracted my especial' attention. His collar had on it almost evory device you could think of except a cork- ' screw. There were' crowns, and emblems of hoper half moons, 'jewels' (pewter), Skulls, and I be lieve mule- shoes.. I knew that man well. He was a vanman. His face will be imprinted on my memory for ever. It was he who not long ago! called at my residence and took away the , time-payment ,piano. I little thought, at that '0^ ^^ ^V. OT!S fXU'IU 7;nii-,f;rr.rt ????-'!?.- ™ ? --if.-- M'-;!:Vi (lii./ 'h'. ?' time, a3-£ wafted an airy anathema' after himjia'sj he clattered off with my fullicpmpasBed trichord, tiaat I was oursing a grand ' bftcer of an amazing order noted alike f«r its lore pf'loyalty and'iboerj ,Iiots of familiar faces were in the ' crowd and oh thfl, pi&t;&orm.; That clean-shaven party, for £n8t*ne&, who has a Bible engraved on his col lar, is a gentleman who is always getting a efraation ' up country, and always short ^si of; tho. 'legal fare.'; , This r.oyBtering ypung,. blade .who is Bmoking; a, short , pipo, drives a baker's cart. The man with the black foea«Sj who is talking to Sammy Leee, bdth- hav- ing teniporari]:y escaped from the platform, is; ^?^^Murra^.thJB 'member 'for Inyerell. , At '% ??4# is ^^Pt1 ? tW?,'.' gentleman, who ; is I a local squatter (we*U say squatter;, it. costs nothing to be;ootaplimeQtaryl)riwa3 opposed by that emi- '? nenfe politician, 'Qi^BJ Maclean; and Qt^J nearly ^e$f '$$\ .Q^'tfiti esteem which Mr. Murray's a^/H^o?^jnapd_!be.gauged;'by.tnii»;!' However, ho got ia— -and G. E. walked back. Mri,Murray- will; speak,. by -and -by;:1 They are.; doing Dr. M^Qibbdn's' : favourite ?' hymn ? to the '? tune'of {Jie\ '' %%** -WffpK tn Saui '', ; (fact!) ' ; ,ap;. the '^ hbn.- ' tteinbeirihps .'mingled, with the prpwd^BO; that ? his emotion may not be noticed. Lees, that dis interested Ve8sej} is fche same' as ever. Conscious -in the glories of an enamellod-iron shirt front and a celluloid collar, he beamasmilingly on mankind. He ia conscious of his devotion to the cause, so nothing disturbs him. He :has done the printing, and has the bill in his pocket. No wonder therefore he feels seraphic; M'Ooy was there alsovr ? He had mouhfjed'a pair of patent leather misfits' and the white ^aisteoat: of a Brobdingnagian ancestor' ' His face had that delightfully -wooden expression bo much admired in the boot 'emporium' 'and his hair h^ Sichard jrould realize a handsome ; competency; by letting it out, to ; charwomen ; as : a 0 bobweb cleaner.; Mr. MfOoy ia '? out'b'f it' now. ?Ttfo'years ago he was 0-rand Master Of 'a j-ig. Society; ' Now he fc'only; Grand Master of ashoe^sho^.'' .How are thV'mi— — — Np,vreaders, I'll ;spare you that , bald-headed anhoriam . ? : - /:!' ! -V Oh',i that interior ! How droll it looked with1 ifcs ^P^bars, and mysterious'; numbers on 'the , walls, felling, of othor , shows . all paBsed.away and , .forgotten. ....iWhat -a' flavour of Bartlemy ? Fair, i lingered about the place1 still- . I had only to s?Vi^H^;e^s to hear tke hicbup 6^ th^beadle, an4^Pging pjf ] .the, dr urn .at^Eichardspn^ ;Shpw. '? The.piaoe looked pretty at Fair time;. It is true that the; bellerines had rather a consuinptive ap pearancei arid the.clowns used tip be 'indisposed'.. tnri98 ^ailyj but'jthere were- bright stalls, pre sided ?ver.by^etty/girls. Now all was changed. The,;;gay;; company' had given wav 'tbf baWWH1 and bedizened dullards^ The waiisjpncepb skilfully hid^eflV(n9wr8tpod'out'in ^ all r their, dirty r bareness, and'oW.ere -linediwith iriiit andlgirigerbeer: stalls, these refreshing:! artieles being retailed'1 by 'other ' disiJit^rested^ memliers';of !the^orpler,!all,mora; or ^htyfyπ&W;&ki;*? jewels.^ t;These dis- tinguished /members of the order were, ,in 'most cases; assisted by— (she term is certainly, apt-1—, ©rar^ewpmery and the ! business- like .manner in w'li(i4v.^8e . ladies i pressed, their iwaresf on : the public during the most touohingipart of the pra tors'-addresses bore testimony to their entHusiasin ! in the1 cause. ' '''?''' i '..'?'?'[]'??' '?':!r-:;'-'-v-;.v/l'.J The candle— the only one— is burning low. now, the baby is crying, and the makGis.ibecomirig : frozen on the doorstep. I shall therefore have to defer my notice of the ' celebration' proper'— as the Protestant JPotterer facetiously calls',it^-until next; xyeek. Then for the apotheosis of HickB and Oo. (Limited). .;???-? ? ??- i : ? -l- 