THE AUSTRALIAN SYDNEY SATURDAY, DEC. 23, 1882, Christmas, 1882. ÓNLY the moments linger. The months and years fly past with a speed only too fast for us all, when we look back over the time that has gone, never to be recalled, and begin to realise how little we have accomplished, and what little time there still remains before tho end pf onr journey is reached, in which to amend in the future tho negleot of the past. Once moro the good old Christmastide is upon us, and although there may have been weary Hours sinco its last appear ance, the recurrence of this joyous period, with dil its associations of festive gatherings and ancient records, will be sufficient to wipe out the remembrance, at all events for a time, of the unhappy moments. Christmas is the time for rejoicing. At all events, it is so re garded by all Christian people. And why not in thia bright land of oura, whero the Bun shines bright and warm, where prosperity-or, at all events, plenty for all reasonable wants-is to be found in tho great majority of homes» The poor we ßhall always have with us. But there are few so poor or so wretched to whom Christmas will not bring some rejoicing-nono so cast down by woe that ib will not bring at least some surcease of sorrow. There are numbers amongst us who have vivid recollections of Christmas in other lands, when the season brings associations of yule logs, of blazing fires, of snow, hail, frost, ice, and ghost stories. In this sunny land of ours, where everything is bright, and warm-where there are no cold winds to set us shivering to the very marrow in our bones the conditions are different. It is true that we may not enjoy the season more here than our friends in the Old Country whence we have nearly all Bprung, and concerning which many of ús have many pleasant reminiscences and associations. But it is cer tain that we shall not enjoy it less. Our wealth may not be so great as that of tho older countries pf Europa. But it is certain that our poverty is less widely distributed. In proportion, there fore, to population, it is highly probable that a larger number of people will be able to enjoy to the fullest extent the festivities of the season than is likely to be the case in the thickly popu lated cities and villages of the old world. Our individual celebrations of tho season may bo less splendid, but our rejoicing will bo more generally felt and distributed. It is the season for rejoicing j therefore, why Bhould not all rejoice P There is, unfortunately, too much time for sorrow. Let us, therefore, I take the season as one in which it is right and good to enjoy the present, forgetting, if only for a brief season, the troubles of the past, and the ! undeveloped possibilities of tho future. Tho i TOWN AND COUNTRY JOURNAL reaches many I homeB throughout tho wide expanse of Austra lasia. "We sincerely hope that it will roach none where there is not happiness, if not merriment. They are sisters, or, perhaps, moro correctly, mother and child, and should not be separate whenever it is possible that they can be together. To each and all of those to whom our Christmas number may come, we wish a Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year ; and as Tiny Tim said, " May GOD bless us, every one." Tho Colonial Troasuror having had under con sideration roprosontations mado to him by importers of medicines and medicinal tinctures, has given further directions in addition to previous decisions, "That all medicinal tinctures imported for bona fido uso as modicinos, oontainod in bottles not exceeding sixtoon thirty seconds of a gallon each, and not boing preparations of or containing opium, bo admitted freo of OuBtoms duty, on a declaration to bo made by the importer or his agent that such medicinal prepa rations aro imported for use as medioinea only,'1 