The Advertiser. PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY, TIiURSDAY AND SATUnDAY MOtIxIxD. Bairnsdate. Tuesday, Jun. 27, 1S82. The R.M.S. Malwa will leave with the European mails next Tuesday. Post oflice orders must be obtained at the Bairnsdale Post oflico by 3 p.m. next Friday, and letters registered by 9.15 n.m. next Saturday. Accounts are awaiting payment at the receipt and pay ofice, Bairssdale, for C. H. Cooper, N. Cameron, H. Coussns, A. Clarke, J. W. Heath, Theo. Hanson, W. Kellie, T. Laughton, P. Mesnell, R. M'Intosh,. D. Phela,,, . l)'Reilly, H. E. Robhison, C. Sechssen and J. L. Stormont. We learn that whooping cough is still very prevalent i the district amongst children,, and that one died from it last Saturday. Ilmneltitis asnl iinfluenza have bho, attackiag both old and young for some time. There was no quorma at the mnotiog of the colusittee of the Rasisg Chsh convened tor Saturday last. The ad joureed meeting will be held at Rolir-t' Conunercial hotel next Saturday at three o'clock, to decide all matters "elea live to the testinuateil ts the lete secre tary, Mr. Thomas Rlatt, The satom disease, says the .lertcury, which cotunitted such have' asmonstit horses in Sale soe thiso ago, twas, we hear, agaiit lrro|eli t utonasttt thems, One hlise hlis already seaottlstil t> the mshuley, aitd others see thissighlyv tpt etratid with it, 'lihi utnsith ,f the diseai seemais t' Ib that the hissd titter" tire cUnlimletely loei sit ll\i\'r, eeld thi hlieses vifite to est aythiin whan\'tset', in our relTet ci' the lest iehtqh? o the inedtters if this ,iiltstal St''lt~, it was elated thiet a tli'Aset w1OO tltiv'l\' at iti ilasose of thup i ~shitot wistt i Mt, I Ihig hietsts'," 'thee tsettl he i<ti'tl et, CIS n11\W IttdetesedWtS iww p sentled tie the seelistyk ,1w ht'ihhashit1 tie 5itt loeteatt's eyelet, 'h'(ts ttttahtds wile net tihtie iNY tult tehiitei', te that elhtteletlet se ,isiehitelyv WhTe teh t as oliitli el hethii ysII sh hets Itwho Intts nioltti hitlit n hetsh pr\ tat thhtih e We have seen two splendid colhe of mnaie grown by Mr. Counihan. Each 00o appears to be over 12 inches in lengtlh, ain1 iin tho longest row of on there are 57 grains and of the other 55. They are both within a fraction of eight inches in circuniference at the base, and i)y a cnlculation each would contain more than 900 soeeds. These cobs, to g?ther with others which linhave been shown to us as having been grown iu the district are encouraging ovidolces of the suitability of a great deal of our local soil for the culture of mainze. The owners of blood stock in the district are informed by Messrs. A. Nlnearthur and Co. that their next an unal horse parado will takeo plaoe on Saturday, the 2nd September. The firm nre deserving of commendation for their early notification of this interesting event, as owners require some little no tieon of the proposed diate. A most determined case of suicide is telegraphed to the metropolitan papers from Port Albert. It would appear that a man named James Smith was arrested last Wcdnesday on a charge of cattle stealitig, he already being on bail pen:l ing his trial on a similar charge, having be:en committed for trial at the last Pahuorston Sossions. lHe was lodged in tihe Tarravillo lookup, but during the niglit hung himsel0 by his braces, and when out down he was found to be quite dead. Mr. Howitt proceeded to Tarra villa to hold n inqueost on the body, at which the jury found that deceased had died by strangulation. We have received from Messrs. James blorrow and Co. a pamphlet containing an authentic report of the discussion be twcon the Roy. B. Butchers, B .A., Methodist Ministor, and Mr. J. J. Halley, Disciple of Christ, on the "Sub jects, design, and the mode or notion of Christian haptism." This debate, which was conducted publioly on the 24th, 25th, 20th, 27th and 28th April last, in the presence of about 1000 persons nightly in the Temperance Hall, Mel bourne, evoked the greatest interest in religious circles, and the proceedings were under the direction of a joint com mittco of Methodists and Disciples of Christ. The pamphlet containing tmhe the report will be valuable to those who were interested in time debate, and as it can be obtained in a complete form for is 6d, its circulation should be largo. In reference to the accident which oc curred to Nathaniel Jones last Wednes day at Clifton Park, we learn that he was engaged in yarding cattle for Dr. Morrison, and was riding after a calf, when the mere lie was on put her foot in a W\Vombat hole, and, turning over on Jones, fractured his collar bone. The injured man was brought in to Dr. Mlor rison, who soon set the fracture and put Jones in a fair way to be about again very soon. We are pleased to hear that Mrs. Presser, who met with the buggy acci dent on Friday, has so far recovered as to be able to get about. She desires through our columns to return her thanks to the inhabitants who rendered her and Mr. Tucker such timely assist ance in their late buggy accident, and she also wishes to exonerate Mr. Tucker from all blame, it being purely accidental. The teun to represent the B.F.O. in in the match with Sale on Saturday next will be chosen from the following : -Bailey, Bishop, lirearley, Ellermano, Findley, Gregory, Gordon (3), Kirk patrick, Loyou, M'Allester, H. Mae arthur, II. Morrison, Murphy, Huggins, Smith, t'Carrick, Quail, Rogers, W\oodgate, Hosea, O'Connor. The -' Board of Advice of Salo have been investigating a charge made by Mrs. William Anderson against the head master of the school, to the effect that by ill-treatment of her daughter Elizabeth the giri had been subjected to fits, and is at present in a dangerous state fronm one of them. The evidence was taken with closed doors, but the members of the board promised the press that it should all be carefully taken down in writinig, it is assoerted that the Government will not countenaice the proposal which is to be submitted to the Legislative Assembly by Sir John O'Shanassy, to the effect that in the opinion of the House the tax on live stock comning into Victoria should be repealed. Scratchings have already commenced for the next Melbourne OCup S Euclid and Sardonyx having had tie loen put through their na?s. lThe s .A.T.O. liidies' Trophy has been the meliuni of soane speculation during the past day or two. Transferred, 'T'he Ghost, Squiren,' Tumult, li?g's }lead and Goaago are backled fom 100 to n to 1t00 to S. The curator of Inttestate estates has obtai?inel rules to adminiseter the folllow. ilg estate --Jamen pestle, of Devon, near YaVcram, died luly 28, 18T?, ,:;TO, Connihllor (Grant, Aho wats reently oteeoedkIl agailnt fthe usinl aeusive |lhln lihtle eoulli, pul~lho s iit+is,-,l, htuguage to 31\\\Gause,~ of the diosst, at a qiweial meeting of tie' comiavi hald hast hi day. 'she vane, \hau inwa i gated ley mthe level ha neh, ens dismallid, on the tethiilefl satetitiin tiat thia ahtit hall was nit a pidilee ses The rb i lent scid lie wees led the elitit u ai tiaile, tie ('f traiit'a ioitiilii tier;;hl~1 tltnetitetylk nt the retiltetltt ,+ Ihi 'titu- ttsittw Mesate, lhagtishi 1' andl th i, ull sell at their wtimei is dlh alh N1lehis hlne lit otf tO tersesis hi ail, Igiti Alttilisah 'I'hie acheit viiiise1ts at 1 llhtt chith, alharp, 1tlt\1hettlhlle N~tleat shliet NI nIlto cllj tit~is'li timtttllete5 l! t1 Itlgatt 1this iint ltaa hsrtsit 1ttstteii tttih l leessa liiiti tI ,+ hillsl tlhsltt 114ti~t Ian itehtºsshIiit all h 