ipEratoe, TWO ON A TOWiB. BY THOMAS HARDY, Agthok of 'Fas. From the Madding Crowd.' [Published by special arrangements with the author. All rights reserved.] Chapter XXL From that day forward their life resumed its old channel in general outward aspect. Perhaps the most remarkable feature in their romantic exploit was its compaiative effec tiveness as an expedient for the end designed — tbat of restoring calm assiduity to the studies of these astronomers. Swithin took up his old position as the lonely philosopher at the column, and Lady Constanttne lapsed back to her immured existenee&t; the house, The enforced narrowness of life which her limited resources necessitated was now an additional safeguard against the discovery of her relationship with St. Gleeve. Her neigh bors seldom troubled her — as much, it must be owned, from a tacit understanding that she was not in a position to return invitations as from any selfish coldness engendered by her want of wealth. At the first meeting of the secretly united pair after their short honeymoon they were compelled to behave as strangers to each Other. It occurred in the only part of Wel land which deserved the name of a village street, and all the laborers were return ing to their midday meal with those of tbeir wives who assisted at outdoor work. quite untrustworthy group Swithin and his Viviette could only shake hands in passing, though she contrived to say to him in an undeitone, 'My brother does not return yet for some time. He has gone to Paris. I will be on the lawn this evening if you can come.1' It was a fluttered smile that she be stowed on him, and there was no doubt that «very fibre of her heart vibrated afresh, at meeting with such reserve one who stood in his intimate relation to her. The shades of night fell early now, and Swithin was at the spot of appointment about the time that he knew her dinner would be over. It vfss just where they had met at the beginning of the year, but many changes had xti ulted since then. The flower beds that had used to be so neatly edged were now jagged and leafy ; black stars appeared on the pale surface of the gravel walks, denoting tufts of grass that grew unmolested there. Lady Constantine's external affairs wore just that aspect which suggests that new blood may be advantageously introduced into the line ; and new blood had been introduced ia good sooth, with what result remained to be seen. She silently entered on the scene from the same window which had given her passage in months gone by. They met with a cordial embrace, and St. Cleeve spoke Iris greeting in ?whispers. ' We are quite safe, dearest,' said she. ' l-ut the servants :' *? IvTy mesgre staff consists of only two and ?fcbe boy, ar-d they are away in the other -wing. I thought you would like to see the inside of iny house, after showing ma the inside of yours. Ho we will walk through it instead of staying out here.' She let him in through the casement, and they strolled forward softly, Swithin never before having gone beyond the library. The whole western side of the house was at this time shut up, her life being confined to two or three small rooms in the south-east corner. The great apartments through which they now whisperingly went wore already that funereal aspect that comes f rem disase andf inatten tion. Triantrular cobwebs already formed little hammocks for the dust in corners of the wainscot, and a close- smell of wood and leather ieasoEed with mouse-droppings pervaded the atmosphere, So seldom was the solitude of these chambers intruded on by human feet that more than euce a mouse stood and looked the twain, in the face from the arm of a sofa or tbe top cf a cabinet without any great fear. Swithin had ro residential ambition what ever, but he tfss interested in the place. ' Will the house ever be thrown open to gaiety as it was in old times ?' said he. ' Not unless vou make a fortune,' she re plied laughingly. ' It is mine for my life, as you know; but the estate is so terribly saddled '-with annuities to Sir Blount| distant relatives, one of whom will succeed me here, tbat I have practically no more than my own little private income to exist on.' -' And you are bound to occupy thehouse?' 'Yes ; that was one of the capricious con ditions.' ' And -was there any stipulation in the event of your lis-mprriage ?' ?' It waa not mentioned.1' *. ' It is satisfactory to find you lose nothing by marrying me at. ail events, dear Viviette*' ' I hope you lose nothing either, at least of corsrquerce.' ?'What have I to lose?'5 ' T meant your liberty. Suppose you be come a popular physicist (popularity seems cor-lirig towards art aud coquetting with science now-a'days), and a -better chance offers, and one who would make you a ne'-v»r and brighter wife than I ana coBes in joar way, will you never regret this; will you never despise me V Swithin answered by a kiss, and they again went on, proceeding like a couple of bur glars lest they should attract the attention of the cook or Green. In one of the upper rooms his eyes were at tracted by an old chamber organ, which had once been lent for use in the church. He mentioned bis recollection of the same, which led her to say, 'That -reminds me of some thing1. There is to be a confirmation in our parish in the spring, and you once told me you had never been confirmed. What shock ing neglect ! 'Why was it V ' I hardly know. The confusion resulting from my father's death caused it to be for gotten, I suppose.' 'Now, dear Swithin — you will do this to please me— be confirmed on the present occa sion?' ' Since I have done without the virtue ot it so long, might I not do without it alto - gether?' 'No. no !' she said earnestly. 'I do wish it indeed. I am made unhappy when I think you don't care about such serious matters Without the church to cling to, what have we I' ♦'Each other. But seriously, I should be inverting the established order of spiritual things — people ought to be confirmed before they are married.5' ?* That's really of minor consequence. Now don't think slightingly of what so many good men have laid down as necessary to be done And, dear Swithin, I sometimes feel that a certain levity which has perhaps shown itself in our treatment o£ tlie sacrament of marriage — by making a clandestine adventure of what is, after all, a solemn rite — would be well atoned for by a due seriousness in other points of religious observance. This opportunity should therefore not be passed over. I thought of it all last night; and you area parson's son, rem ember— in short, Swithin, do be a good boy, and observe the church's ordinances.' Lady Constantine by virtue of her tempera ment was necessarily either lover or devotee, and she vibrated so gracefully between these two conditions that nobody who had known the circumstances could have condemned her , icconsistences. To be led into difficulties by those mastering emotions of hers, to aim at escape by turning round and seizing the appa ratus of religion {which, however, could only rightly be worked by those emotions already bestowed elsewhere) — it was, after all, but nature's well meaning attempt to preserve the honor of her daughter's conscience in the trying quandary to which the conditions of sex had given birth. As Viviette could not be confirmed herself, and as the first Sunday in the month was a long way ofi\ she urged Switbin thus. 'And the new bishop is such a good man,' she continued, 'Do you remember seeing him in the Cathedral Close ? I liked the look of him much.' ' Very well, dearest, to please you Fll be confirmed. My grandmother too will be de lighted no doubt.' They continued their ramble — Lady Con Etantinc first advancing into rooms with the candle to assure herself that all was empty, end then calling him forward in a whisper. The stillness -was broken only by these whis pers, or the occasional creak of a floorboard beneath their tread. At last they eat down, and shading the candle with a screen, she shewed him the faded contents of this and that drawer or cabinet, or the wardrobe_ of fconse member of the family who had died young, early in the century, when muslin reigned supreme, when waists were close to armpits, and muffs as large as smugglers' tubs. There researches among habilimental hulls and busks whose human kernels had long ago perished had gone on about half an hour when the companions were startled by a loud ringing at the front- door bell. Chapiee XXII. Lady Constantine flung down the old fashioned lacework, whose beauties she had been pointing out to Swithin, and exclaimed, ' Who can it be — not Louis, surely ?' They listened. An arrival was such a phenomenon at this unfrequented mansion, and particularly a late arrival, that no servant was on the alert to respond to the call ; and the visitor rang more loudly than before. Sounds of the tardy opening and shutting of a passage door from the kitchen quarter then reached their ears, and Viviette went into the corridor to hearken more attentively. In a few minutes she returned to the dressing room in which she had left Swithin. 'Yes; tit is my brother,' she said, with difficult composure. 'I just caught his voice. xxe n£ba3 iiu uuuul, wuiv uixur. uuiu j- mis «j stay. This is a rather vexatious indolent way be has, never to write to prepare one.' ' I can easily go away,' said Swithin. By this time, however, her brother had been shown into the house, aud the footsteps of the page were audible, coining ia search of Lady Constantine. 'If you will wait there a moment,' she cried, directing St. Cleeve into her bedroom, which adjoined, 'You will be quite safe from interruption, and I will quickly come back.' Taking the light she left Mm. SsritMn waited in darkness. Not more taan ten minutes had passed when a whisper in her voice came through the keyhole. He opened the door. ' Yes ; he is come to stay,' she said. ' He is at supper now.' 'Very well; don't be flurried, dearest. Shall I stay too?' 'Oh, Swithin— I fear not!' she replied, anxiously. ' You see how it is. To-night we have broken the arrangement that you should never come here, and this is the result. Will it offend you if— I askyou to leave ?' ' Kot in the least. Upon the whole I prefer the comfort of my little cabin and homestead to the gauntness and alarms of this place.' ' There now ; I fear you are offended,' she said, a tear collecting in her eye. ' Would that I was going back with you to the cabin ! How happy we were those three days of our stay there. But it is better perhaps j ust no w that you should leave me. Yes ; these rooms are oppressive. They require a large house hold to make them cheerful. Yet, Swithin,' she added, after reflection, ' I will not re quest you to go. Do as you think best. I will light a sight-light, and leave you here to consider. For myself I must go downstairs to my brother at once, or he'll wonder what I am doing. She kindled the little light, and again retreated, closing the door upon him. Swithin stood, and waited some time, till he had con sidered that upon the whole it would be pre ferable to leave. With this intention he emerged, and went softly along the dark passage towards the extreme end, where there was a little crooked staircase that would con duct him down to a disused side-door. De scending this he duly arrived at the other side of the bouse, facing the quarter where the wind blew, and he was surprised to catch the noise of rain beating against the windows. It was a state of weatberwhichfullyaccounted for the visitor's impatient ringing. St. Cleeve was in a minor kind of dilemma. The rain reminded him that his hat and great coat had been left downstairs in the front part of the house, and though he might have gone home without either in ordinary weather, it was not a pleasant feat in the pelting winter rain. Retracing his steps towards Viviette's room, he took the light and opened a closet door in the corridor, that he had seen ajar on his way down; it was a closet in which hung various articles of apparel, upholstery lumber of all kinds filling the back part. Swithin thought he might find here a cloak of hers to throw round him, but finally took down from a peg a more suit able garment — the only one of the sort that was there. It was an old moth-eaten great coat, heavily trimmed with fur, and_ in re moving it a companion cap of seal-skin was disclosed. 'Whose can they be?' be thought, and a gloomy answer suggested itself. ' Pooh,' he then said (summoning the scientific side of his nature. ) ' Matter is matter, and mental association only a delusiorj.' Putting on the garments he re turned the light to Lady Constantino's dreesing-room, and prepared to depart as before. .Scarcely had he regained the corridor a second time when he heard a light footstep, seemingly Viviette, again on the front land ing. Wondering what she wanted with him further, he waited, taking the precaution to etep into the closet till sure it was she. The figure came onward, bent to the keyhole of tbe bedroom door, and whispered— ?? Swifcbin ; on second thoughts I think you might stay with safety.' Having no further doubts of her rersonality, he came out with thoughtless afcivptrcss from the closet behind her, ard icoking round suddenly she beheld Ms tfcadowy outline. Raising her hands in bcrrcr, as if to protect herself from him, she uttered a shriek and turned shuddering to the wall. He came still nearer, and she crouched completely down on the floor, covering her face. Switbin would have picked her up in a moment, but by this time he could hear foot stops rushing upstairs in response to her cry. In consternation, and entirely with the view of not compromising her, he effected his retreat as fast as possible, reaching the bend of the corridor just as her brother Louis ap j.e£rcd with a iight at the other extremity. ' 'What's the matter, for Heaven's sake, Viviette V said Louis. *' Mv husband ?' she involuntarily ex claimed. ' Whatnopsense !' ' O, y«'s— it is nonsense ; it was nothing.' 'But what was tbe cause of your cry?' She had evidently by this time recovered her reason and judgment. \- ' O, it was a trick of the imagination,' she ssid, with a faint laugh. 'I live so much ajooe that I get superstitions — I — I thought for the moment I saw an apparition.' ' Of jour Jate husband?' 'Yes. But it was nothing; it was the outline of tl-e tall clock and the chair be bind. Would you wind going down and leaving me to go into my room for a moment?' .When Switliin was a short .distance from his home, at a point where his track converged on another path, there ap proached bim from the latter a group of in distinct forms, whose tones of speech revealed tlvrn to be Hezzy Biles, Mat Chapman, Fry, and other laborers. Swithin was about to say a word to them, till recollecting his dis guise, he deemed it advisable to hold his tongue lest his attire should tell a too dan gerous tale as to where he had come from. By degrees they drew closer, their walk being in the same direction. ' Good night, stranger,' said JVIat. 2So reply. All of them paced on abreast of him, and he could perceive m tbe gloom that their f *oes were turned enquiringly upon his form. Then a whisper passed from one to another of them ; then Chapman, who waa the baldest, dropped immediately behind his heels, aad followed on there for some distance, appa rently taking close observations of his out line, after which the men grouped again, and whispered. Thinking it best to let them pass on, Swithin slackened his pac-.*, and they went ahead of him without much reluo tance. There was ro doubt that they hai been impressed by the clothes he wore ; and having no wish to provoke similar comments from his grandmother and Hannah, S«rithin took the precaution on arriving at Welland Bottom to enter the homestead by the out bouse. Here he deposited the cap and coat in secure hiding, afterwards going round to the front and opening tbe door in the usual ?way. In. the entry he met Hannah, who said, 'D'ye know what hev been seed to night, Mr. Swithin? The workfolk have dropped in to tell us !' lithe room were the men who had out stripped him on the road. Their countenances instead of wearing the usual knotty irregu larities had a smoothed-out expression of blank concern, and Swithin's entraiicehaviag been unobtrusive and quiet, as if ho had merely come down from his study upiUirs, they only netted him by enlarging their gaze £O as to include him in the audience. 'We was in a deep talk at the moment,' continued Blore, 'and Nat had just brought up that story about old Jeremiah Paddock's crossing the park one night at 1 o'clock ia the morning, and seeing Sir Blount a shutting niy lady out o' doors ; and we was saying that it seemed a true return that he should perish in a foreign land, when we happened to look up, and there w&s; Sir Blount walking along.' 'Did it overtake you, or Hid you overtake it ?' enquired Hannah. ' I don't say 'twas it,' returned Saaimy. ' God forbid that I should drag ia a resurrec tion word about what, perhaps, was still solid manhood and has to die. But he, or it, closed in upon us as 'twere.' 'Yes, closed in upon us,' said Hay moss. 'And I said, 'Good night, stranger,' ' added Chapman. ' Yes ; * Good night, stranger,' that wez jer words, Natty. I support ye in it.' 'And then he dosed iu upon us still more.' ' We closed in upon he rathar,' said Chap man. 'Well, well— 'tis r.o difference in these solemn matters. And the form was Sir Blount's, my nostrils told me, for— there, 'a swelled. Yes, I could smell'n, being to lee ward.' ' Lord, lord, what an unwholesome scandal about the ghost of a respectable gentleman !' said Mrs. Martin. 'Now, wait — I don't say 'twere a low smell, mind ye. 'Twere a high smell— a sort of gamey flavior — calling to mind venisou and hare ; just as you'd expect of a grate squire not like a poor man's 'natomyatall : and that was what strengthened my faith that 'twas Sir Blount.' (' It was the skins tbat old coat was made of ; I smelt them too,' said Swithin to him self.') 'Well, well, I've not defied the figure of starvation these five and twenty year on nine shillings a week to be afeard of a walking vapor, sweet or savory,' eaid Hezzy. 'So here's home-along.' 'Bide abit longer, and I'm going too,' con tinued Fry. ' Well, when I found ' twas Sir Blount my sperit dried up witbir ms ; for neither hedge nor bush were there for refuge against any foul spring a might have made at us. 'Twas very curious, but we had likewise mer.tionsd his name just afore, in talking of the confirmation that's shortly coining on.' ' Is there soon to be a confirmation ?' 'Yes. In this parish— the first time in Welland Church for twenty years. As I say, I had mentioned that he was confirmed the same year that I went up to have it done, as I have very good reason to mind. When we went to be examined the paraon said to me, Rehearse the articles of thy belief ! Mr. Blcunt (as he was then) was next me, and he whispered, 'Women and wine;' 'Women and wine,' says I, as innocent as a lamb, and for that I was sent back till next confirmation, Sir Blount never owning that he was the rascal.' ' Confirmation was different at that time,' said Biles. ' The bishops didn't lay it on so strong then as they do now. Now -a-days yer bishop gives both hands to every Jack-rag and Tom-straw that drops the knee afore him ; but 'twas six chaps to one blessing when we was boys. The bishop that time would stretch out his palms and run Ma fingers over our rows of crowna as off hand as'' a bink gentleman telling money. The great prophets of the church in them days wasn't particular to a soul or two more or less ; and for my part I think living was easier for't.' ' The new bishop I hear is a bachelor -man ; or a widow gentleman is it?' asked Mrs. Martin. 'Bachelor, Ibelieve.ma'am. Mr. Sanpleeve, making so bold, you've never faced him yet, I think?' Mrs. Martin shook her head. ' No, it was apiece of neglect; I hardly know how it happened,' she said. 'lam going to this time,' said Swifchia, and turned the chat to other matters. (To be continued,} 