TO TUB KDITOK. Sir,—I have road friend J. C. Kirby's sermon on "Lawful Swearing," and do not agree with him at all. I believe that swearing is unlawful at all times. It is no use taking the Old Testament as a guide ; we are under the new dispensation. We might just as well say it is lawful to keep slaves and go to war if we adopt the old Mosiac Law as our standard as to the use of the oath. I do not see that it nets as a preventative to a man who is determined to tell a lie ; besides, to my mind, many people believe they are not bound to speak the truth unless under oath, which is a sad mistake. I think it says somewhere in the Bible that "liars shall have their portion in the lake that burnetii." Then you go on to say, nil oath is not wrong in itself, and set at naught what Jesus said liimsolf. St. James said—and I suppose you will admit that, lie was inspired by the Holy Ghost -—" swear not at. all, neither by heaven for it is God's throne, nor by the earth for it is His footstool." Then you go on to say, " no party, not even the Quakers or the Mennonitcs, maintain that, oaths seriously and truly taken are in themselves wrong;" there you arc mistaken. Wc say they are decidedly wrong, and strictly forbidden by Christ, and for that reason we object to take them. As for what God sware we have nothing to do with; it is not for the creature to call him to account who is Almighty and Omnipotent. Then you go on and quote Matthew v. 34, Christ says, " But I say unto you.' Swear not at all, neither by Heaven,' " etc., etc. This is quite sufficient for me—"swear not it all," that includes everything; but you argue that as the name of God is not mentioned wc can swear freely Him, but the words come to me again and again—" but I say unto you, ' Swear not at all.' " Then you go on to say that when Jesus was before the High Priest the High Priest said, " I adjure you by the living God tell us whether thou be the Christ or no! " Well what, does it matter to our argument in hand what the High Priest says. Jesus did not say it, and you cannot put the words in his mouth. The oath was simply put to Jesus and lie did not take it, and the High Priest like a sensible man did not insist, and heard his answer without. Christ says, "let your communications be 'Yea, Yea! Nay, Nay!' for whatsoever is more than these cometh of evil." Yet in the face of this strong testimony, a minister of the Gospel stands up and recommends swearing, and says that the Bible is not to be understood with equal ease upon all points, but of this point I am quite sure in my own mind Jesus was no dissembler; he spoke plainly and clearly. Why, if we doubt him on this we might doubt him altogether and set his words at naught, and I hope that friend J. C. Kirby and all other thoughtful people will look into this subject and think it over, asking for the Divine aid from on high, so that we may see clearlv. Bertha'Tcrraee, North Adelaide, Aug. 10. A NON-SWEARER. 