Heavy Storms in Victoria. (Sg telegraph to Herald.) Melbourne, Monday. From all parts of the country reports have been received of plentiful rains, In some of the drier districts the downpour was the heaviest experienced in the course of three years. The farmers are elated at the unexpected and almost.unhoped-for improvements in their prospects. The dams and tanks every- where are filled and running over, and the creeks are all running. The Avoca river is rapidly rising, and a flood is expected at Charlton. In the Inglewood district, however, where during the storm blocks of ice two inches square fell, considerable damage has been done to the crops, which have been completely stripped. Holes were knocked in corrugated iron roofs, and at the foot of Kingower Hill yesterday drift ice was lying in places to a depth of five feet. Trees and bushes were stripped and fencing destroyed, while other damage has been done. Advices received from Birregurra, this evening, give an account of a very melancholy occurrence on Mr. J. F. Strachan's run. "All the lowlying lands in the district were flooded, and Walter Beasley, the overseer, with two young men John Roberts and James Clifton went out for the purpose of removing sheep from an island in the river to a place of safety. At 2 o'clock to-day the horses returned to the homestead riderless. A mounted search party was immediately organised, but only succeeded in finding a hat belonging to one of the men. Beasley was only lately married. At Portland the gale moderated to some extent, but it has done considerable damage to some of the craft in Portland Bay. The lighter Perseverance was driven ashore on the north beach. An old Scotchman attributes the dbappeRiaoM of ghosts from the Scotch moors to the custom of tea ddnUig at social meetings. It requires Scotch when the top of old ale to, enable a monto seen. ghost really worth talking about. Whosoever lends a greedy eatJo slanderous report to either himself of a radically bad disposition. or a mere child In sena«.-Ifaandw. - 