BRIEF CHRONICLES. The English mail steamer Suflej arrived at Albany on Tuesday, and may h0 expected in Hohsou's Bay ou Tuesday next. Mr. W. Reeves, of the Union Hotel, had a spurious sovereign passed on him during the recent races. The Alaiy borough people intend having their say about the seditious address, at a public meeting this evening. Some evil- disposed persons have frightened a newspaper-boy at Ballarat by playing ghost, and the lad is now lying in a demented condition. A nugget weighing nearly a pound has been found by a navvy of the Charlton railway line, while making a hole for his tent-post. Arthur J. Icke, postmaster of Baldwins- ville, has been arrested for embezzle ment. A heavy fall of sncw took place at Launceston on the 17th instant. Ballarat has seDt £150 for the relief of the Russian Jews. A public meeting is to be held next Fri day evening, to express loyalty to tho Queen and the British constitution. Branches of the Constitutional Associa. tion have been formed in Dunolly and Inglewood. Horsham is to bo lighted with gas m about four months. Thirty tons of Albury tobacco have been sold at 7 d per lb. Sham th cat re tickets Lave been primed and used at Sandhurst. Sunday was the 7 Gth anniversary of tho- battle of Waterloo. Johnson, who shot at tbe governor of the- Geelong gaol, is declared not to. be in sane. The Zolmer is the first steamship flying the Danish flag which has entered llobson's Bay. British supjects becoming voluntarily naturalised in a foreign state forfeit their nationality. Air G. E. Jones declares that lie will op pose Air Berry at Geelong when the gene-, ral election takes place. The ordnance survey of great Britain, be gun iu 1S73, has cost up to. the present lime nearly £5,000,000. Air Justice Higinbotham holds that a stainless reputation is not inconsistent with a man falling into crime. Carpenters and joiners are on strike in Sydney over an increase of wages of three farthings an hour. A private dock is projected at Ade laide, to cost £350,000, and to be large enough to accomodate 10 of' the largest steamers in the world and seven of the small steamers. The number of assistant teachers em ployed by the Education department in ex cess of the act is 25. TV hen Mr Grant as sumed office it was 92. A large number of pigeons hare beer, poisoued at Alalvern through eating the berries of the nightshade. A boy the other day discovered a litter of eight dingo pups in the thick of the selections near Yaudo Swamp, Boort district. Burglars entered the French Ba.uk in Syd ney, on Tuesday night, and worked several hours unsuccessfully at the Alilner safe. For the first time siuee the foundation of a university in Great Britain, a Jew has been elected to a fellowship. What is more, the Jew is a native of Melbourne. The (ravelling reporter to the Bendige. Advertise) states that, in journeying from. Boort to Kerang, he only saw two rabbits, where he used to see hundreds. A fond mother wrote to an enthusiastic young lady who had established a physi ology class for young girls : — "-Please dc- not teacli my Alary Ann any more about her insides. It will never do her no good, and its very rude." The Commissioner of Railways has called for tenders for the supply of 13,000 tons of steel rails, which are wanted for the renewal aud repairing of existing hues. Thirty-five new railway carriages will ar rive from England iu September. About 561b of Yictoriau grown oatrich feathers await shipment to England. Tbe comet lias lost much of its brilliancy, but will be visible with the aid of a teles cope until September. The Geelong Political Reform Association does not approve of a coalition between Air Francis and Air Berry. " Chinese Gordon" lias accepted the post of military adviser to the authorities at the- Cape. Two of the released Irish suspects hare arrived iu Sydney. Cobb and Co.. at Wilc-annia, treated some friends to a drive iu a coach drawn by camels. Air Berry describes the recent differences between Mr Francis and the Alinistry as a duel " fought with blank cartridges." Of the Nihilists exiled to Siberia many succeed in effecting their -escape, notwith standing the exercise of the utmost vigi lance. The weights for the Melbourne Cup were posted on Wednesday. David Thompson, a publican at Chowder Bay, lias been fined £10 for allowing mu>k- to be played iu a pavilion, part of his licensed premises, on a recent holiday. The dead body of a man named Heath was found under the cliffs near Watson's Bay, Sydney, on Tuesday. It is conjectured that he must have fallen over. Air Joseph Clarke lias given £100 to wards the completion of St. David's Cathe dral, llobart. Distemper in dogs has been cured at Ararat, by administering chopped gum, leaves, made into a bolus with butter, with milk of sulphur the second day. and castor oil on the third. Air. Fawcett, a member of the Buin Buln Shire Council has been fined £5 for assaulting a reporter. Alining matters are looking bright in Sandhurst again, recent yields have been exceedingly good. Airs. Garfield recently received as a pre sent from a Dresden artist a portrait on porcelain of her late husband. Judge Williams is said to be the best amateur boxer in the colony. It came out in evidence at the Alelbourne City Court that discarded beer was made use of by distillers, who turned it into whiskey. larmers in Victoria are recommended to undertake the breeding of large-framed cross-bred sheep in preference to relying solely on wheat. The effect of the destruction of timber in the AAUiittlesea district is being felt by the diminishing of the sources of water supply to the Van Yean. Air. Barnum forwarded the Consul at Bangkok, for presentation to the King of Siam, a formal petition for the loan, on his Alajesty's own terms, of a white elephant. Archdeacon Dunbar has harp music per formed during service at his church of St. Barnabas, London. He says that the harp is distinctively the instrument of religous music. The Talbot agricultural show will be held on the 17th October. The statement that the N.S.W. Govern ment are paying the expenses of Sir Henry arkes' trip to Europe is officially contra dicted. Arthur Sieber, of the Russell street tra gedy, was taken before the police court on Tuesday aud remanded for a week- 