.. ROMISH ROMANCING OR WORSE. The, fqilqiying is one of the late Paul Cul-; lin%: pastorals. .We, says the Victorian Banner, ! publish it \yith the,obje'ct of obtaining,a;little information on the subject from the reverend gentlemen of the 4 which we hope; they will kindly afford ns. " Paul, by the grace of God and favour, of the Apostolic, See, ! Archbishop, &c.;, Primate: .of all Ireland, to. the clergy and Jaity, ofr>tbej .diocese-' of !. Armagh. The : day ..is, now' ap- 1 prqaching ori which wecelebrnfe the asstimp- ; :tiori,;bf :ithe ' Holy Virgin ! Mary into, heaven, j Tbe. Chufch on this occasion,, invites us . to commemorate an event which is the cause of ; joy to the .vyhole universe, j and; raises our minds above all the'; transitory things of this world. | Yes,' this festival recalls, to our jrecol- j lection' :th'e last; , moments , of the great Mother of; God upon earth,', and'jputs before ! our eyes the sublime Spectacle of .her passage into heaven—her pilgrimage, through this, valeiqf ; tears, is t at .an ; end—her, trials, and, sufferings ' are! terminated— the sword, of grief shal 1 no mpre pierce.'her tehder soul. She, passes from i tlie 'd arkness of tliis. wprl d , io the , regions ,pf-; , eternal', bliss,,. where, (1 slie. receives from ...her ; Kyinp,Spn';B_craw"n.'o giory:;ahd; an eternal | reward,; corresponding to greatness, of her ! digiiity and' the sublimity of her merits, Valid : where, she shall be for all ageB i the health of the weak, the consolation ,of the, afflicted,, the refuge of pbbrsinners, tho squrceqf all spiritual graces, and; | favour's. fler . body, which had beeh the .tern ple qf :, . the ! Holy Ghost, and giyen human flesh . to the , Re- . deepier exempted 'from, the., lot; of , other de scendants, oil j Adam' .is, \nqt ,; condemned,, to .moujdey.intd -dust, .hut united again iwjtji.her 'pure soul, is, hyipiyine poer; translated into heaven, and placed, at, the right hand -of .her eternal Son. Here, to use the wor.ds of , Scrip, - .tare,' she„appoars,.lbright . .as wthe morning rising, elect' as riie sun, 'beautiful as .the.mpon, terriDle'''as Jllie array of batUe.riCaritivi;1 9). Th'eangels and saitita of heayeh, filled .with ' ; ' .tfi'e" Splendour,' .of her ma- ; 1 jesEyi cry out j' ' Who is,': si 1 e thaty comerii ;ii p 1 ri'nV'the.fi \ : lfghjbsVyi.eariing , yii.e?", ' > el oy erif, ?;'y<C3a rlt. ; viii; 5)., V.With jyJmtfrapIurjS, ' tial, 'spirits receiyej their .quVen'iitli-w.liat exultation do Uiepat'r : ; all'j'thA saints;!ri .heiVthrhugti whom! they'1 received Hlieir Retiee 'whom'" they1, were "thus r indebted' "'fo'r" .their glory ! Oh, how. .on,, this happy occasion life earth itseli .rejoices,; its(iruits are7no longer thefruitsof malediction.,;! f The,. land ; that was/ desolate,; hnpable 8halVh.e'glad:i,. says .the. Scripture,' rand , riiq wilderness , shall rejoice' and shall.flouiish like, the. lily. jlt,sljail hud' forth and.blossoin and shal) .rejoice with joy and praise !L!,W(l8aiahxxx.)_. ,. Now .we, earnestly beg to. call .the, attention of the 4rfi70cafe to the foregoing pastoral, and ,to ask' tlie writers of. that journal to . let us '.know wlierb the' late Archbishop Ciijleri ob tained all his information and ascertained such precise knowledge regarding the movements of1 the' Virgin Mary in heaven and the pro ceedings there 'which he describes. Did he see it' all, and has a second Revelation been afforded through him to mankind. If so, wliy did he not state the fact ? Ah, no human eye ever beheld what he has described, and there is not a passage even in his' own Bible to warrant his assertions. His pastoral is the production of a brain diseased by supersti tion, or is the deluding expressions of a spirit inspired by the enemy of man. And that the latter supposition is the true one may be in ferred from one line in the production, That lino is this : — " The source of all spiritual graces and favours." Thus this prelate of the Romish Church, by a stroke of the pen, puts the whole blessed and Almighty Trinity aside — indeed, out of the question altogether, and tells his people that tho Virgin Mary is the "source of all spiritual graces and fa vours." Why then should we supplicate or even think of the Father, Son, or Holy Spirit ? Is not the pastoral subversive of the worship of. the Godhead? Is it not blasphemy ? and as tremendous a crime as ever pen, even Romish pen, recorded on paper ? Does it not delude tlie unfortunate dupes of Rome, wean their spiritual allegiance from the Almighty, and counsel them to render it to a being of whom the Scripture speaks as simply mortal, and about whose power or ability to confer " spiritual graces and favours," there is not a word; to be found between the two covers of the Bible, God's own Eternal Word. 