THAT LITTLE SQUARE BOX ' At.t, aboard ?' said the captain. ' All aboard, sir !' said the mate. ' Then stand by to let her go.' It was nine o'clock on a Wednesday morning. The good ship Spartan was lying off Boston Quay with her cargo under hatches, her passengers shipped, and everything prepared for a start. The warning whistle had been sounded twice, the final bell had been rung. Her bowsprit was turned towards England, and the hiss of escaping steam showed that all was ready for her run of three thousand miles. She strained at the warps that held her like a greyhound at its leash. I have the misfortune to be a very nervous man. A sedentary literary life has helped to increase the morbid love of solitude which, even in my boyhood, was one of my distin guishing characteristics. As I stood upon the quarter-deck of the Transatlantic steamer I bitterly cursed the necessity which drove me baek to the land of ray forefathers. The shouts of the sailors, the rattle of the cordage the farewells of my fellow-passengers, and the cheers of the mob, each and all jarred upon my. sensitive nature. I felt sad too. An in describable feeling, as of some impending calamity, seemed to haunt me. The sea was calm, and the breeze light. * There was noth ing to disturb the equanimity of the - most confirmed of landsmen, yet I felt as if I stood upon the verge of a great though indefinable danger. I have noticed that such presenti ments occur often in men of my peculiar tem perament, and that they are not uncommonly fulfilled. There is a theory that it arises from a species of second - sight, a subtle spiritual communication with the future. I well remember thatHerr Raumer, the emin ent spiritualist, remarked on one occasion that I was the most sensitive subject as regards supernatural phenomena that he had ever encountered in the whole of his wide experi ence. Be that as it may, I certainly felt far from happy as I threaded my way among the weeping, cheering groups which dotted the white decks of the good ship 'Spartan. Had I known the experience which awaited me in the course of the next twelve hours I would even then at the last moment have sprung upon the shore, and made my escape from the accursed vessel. ' Time's up !' said the captain, closing his chronometer with a snap, and replacing it in his pocket. 'Time's up!' said the mate. There was a last wail from the whistle, a rush of friends and relatives npon the land. One warp was loosened, the gangway was being I pushed away, when there was a shout from the bridge, and two men appeared, running rapidly down the, quay. They were wavin their hands and making frantic gestures, ap parently with the intention of stopping the ship. ' Look sharp !' shouted .the crowd. ' Hold hard 1' cried the captain. ' Ease her ! stop her ! Dp with the gangway !' and the two men sprang aboard just as the second warp parted, and a convulsive throb of the engine shot us clear of the shore. There was a cheer from the deck, another from the quay a mighty fluttering of handkerchiefs, and the great vessel ploughed its way out of the har bour, and steamed grandly away across the placid bay. We were fairly started upon onr fortnight's voyage. There was a general dive among the passengers in guest of firths and luggage, while a popping of corks in the saloon proved that more than one bereaved traveller was adopting artificial means for drowning the pangs of separation. I glanoed round the deck and took a running inventory of my compagnons de voyage. They presented the usual iypesmet with upon these occasions. There was no striking face among them. -I' speak as a connoisseur, for faces are a specialty of mine. I pounce upon a characteristic feat ure as a botanist^does on a flower, and bear it away with me to analyse at my leisure, and classify and label it in my little anthropological museum. There was nothing worthy of me here. Twenty types of young America going to ' Yurrup,' a few respectable middle- aged couples as an antidote, a sprinkling of clergy men and professional men, young ladies, bag men, Britishexclusives, and all the ollapodrida of an ocean- going steamer. I turned away from them and gazed back at the receding shores of America, and, as a cloud of remem brances rose before me, my heart warmed to wards the land of my adoption. A pile of portmanteaus and luggage chanced to be ly ing on one side of the deck, awaiting then turn to be taken below. With my usual love for solitude I walked behind these and sitting on a coil of rope between them and the vessel's side, I indulged in a melancholy reverie. I was aroused from this by a whisper be hind me. ' Here's a quiet place,' said the voice, ' Sit down and we can talk it over in safety.' ' Glancing through a chink between two colossal chests, I saw that the passengers who had joined us at the bast moment were stand ing at the other side of the pile. They bad evidently failed to see me as I crouched in the shadow of the boxes. The one who had spoken was a tall and very thin man with a blue-black beard and a colourless face. His manner was nervous and excited. His com panion was a short plethoric little fellow, with a brisk and resolute air. He had a cigar in his mouth, and a large ulster slung over his left arm. They both glanced round un easily, as if to ascertain whether they were alone. ' This is just the place,' I heard the other say. They sat down on a bale of goods with their backs turned towards me, and I found myself, much against my will, playing the unpleasant part of eaves-dropper to their conversation. ' Well, Muller,' said the taller of the jfcwo, ' we've got it aboard right enough.' 'Yes,' assented the man whom he had addressed as Muller, ' it's safe aboard.' 'It was rather a near go.' ' It was that, Fla'nnigan.' ' It wouldn't have done to have missed the ship,' , ' No, it would have put our plans out.' 'Ruined them entirely,'isaid the littleman, and puffed furiously at his cigar for some minutes.' ' I've got it here,' he said at last. ' Let me see it.' ' Is no one looking ?' , ' No, they are nearly all below.' ' We can't be too careful where so much is at stake,' said Muller, as he uncoiled the ulster which huns over bis arm, and disclosed a dark object which he laid upon the deck. One glance at it was enough to cause me to spring to my feet with an exclamation of horror. Lucidly they were so engrossed in the matter on hand that neither of them ob served me. Had they turned their heads they would infallibly have seen my pale face glar ing at them over the pile of boxes. From the first moment of their conversation a horrible misgiving had come over me. It seemed more than confirmed as I gazed at what lay before me. It was a little square box made otsome dark wood, and ribbed with brass, I suppose it was about the size of a cubic foot. It reminded me of a pistol-case, only it was decidedly higher. There was an appendage to it, however, on which my eyes were riveted, and which suggested the pistol itself rather than its receptacle. This was a trigger-like arrangement upon the lid', to which a coil of string was attached. Beside this trigger there was a small square aperture through the wood. The tall man, Plannigan, as his companion called him, applied his eye to this and peered in for several minutes with an expression of intense anxiety upon his face. ' It seems right enough,' he said at last, ' I tried not to shake it,' said his compan ion. ' Such delicate things need delicate treat ment. Put in some of. the needful, Muller.' The shorter man fumbled in his pocket for some time, and then produced a small paper packet. He opened this, and took out of it half a handful of whitish granules, which he poured down through the hole. A curious clicking noise followed from the inside of the box, and both the men smiled in a satisfied way. ' Nothing much wrong there,' saidFlanni gan. 'Eight as a trivet,' answered his compan ion. . ' Look out ! here's some one coming. Take it down to our berth. It wouldn't do to have any one suspecting what -our' game is, or,, worse still, have them fumbling with it, and letting it off by mistake.' ' Well, it would come to the same, whoever let it off,' said Muller. 'They'd be rather astonished if they pulled the trigger,' said the taller, with a sinister laugh. ' Ha, ha ! fancy their faces ! It's not a bad bit of workmanship, I flatter myself.' ' No,' said Muller. ' I hear it is your own design, every bit of it, isn't it?' ' Yes, the spring and the sliding shutter are my own-' ' We should take out a patent.' And the two men laughed again with a cold harsh laugh, as they took up tiie little brass-bound package, and concealed it in Muller's volumi nous overcoat. 'Come down, and we'llstowit irrour berth,' said ilannigan. ' We won't need it until to night, and it will be safe there.' His companion assented, and the two went arm-in-arm along the deck and disappeared down the hatchway, bearing the mysterious little box away with them. The last words I heard were a muttered injunction from Flanni gan to carry it carefully, and avoid knocking it against the bulwarks. How long I remained sitting on that coil of rope I shall never know. The . horror of the conversation I had just overheard was aggra vated by the first sinking qualms of seasick ness. The long roll of the Atlantic was be ginning to assert itself over both ship aw! passengers. I felt prostrated in mind and in body, and fell into a state of collapse, from which I was finally aroused by the hearty voice of our worthy quartermaster. ' Do you mind moving out of that sir, he said. ' We want to get this lumber cleared off the deck.' His bluff manner and ruddy healthy face seemed to be a positive insult to me in my present condition. Had I been a courageous or a muscular man I could have struck him. As it was, I treated the honest sailor to melodramatic scowl which seemed to cause aim no small astonishment, and strode past ? ? -? bun to the ' other side of the deck. Solitude . was what I wanted — solitude in which I could r brood over the frightful crime which was being hatched before my very eyes. One of '-; the quarter boats was hanging rather low ; down upon the davits. An idea struck me, , '- and, climbing on the bulwarks, I stepped into the empty boat and lay down in the bottom of it. Stretched on my back, with nothing but the blue sky above me, and. an occasional view of the mizen as the vessel rolled, I was at least alone with my sickness and my thoughts. I tried to recall the words which had been spoken in the terrible dialogue I had over heard. Would they admit of any construc tion but the one which stared me in the face ? * My reason forced ine to confess that they would not. I endeavored t» array the various facts which formed the chain of circumstan tial evidence, and to find a flaw in it ; but no, not a link was missing. There was the strange way in which our passengers had come aboard, enabling them to evade any examination of their luggage. The very name of ' Flannigan' smacked of Fenianism, while ' Muller' suggested nothing but Socialism and murder. Then their mysterious manner; their remark that their plans would have been ruined had they missed the ship ; their fear of being observed; last but not least, the clenching evidence in the production of the little square box with the trigger, and their grim joke about the face of the man who should let it off by mistake, — could thes1*'' facts lead to any con clusion other than that they were the dea perate emissaries of some body, political or otherwise, and intended to- sacrifice them selves, their fellow-passengers, and the ship, in one great holocaust ? The whitish granules which I had seen one of them pour into the box formed no doubt a fuse or train for ex ploding it. 1 had myself heard a sound come from it which might have emanated from some delicate piece of machinery. But what did they mean by their allusion to to night ? Could it be that they contemplated putting their horrible design into execution on the very first evening of our voyage ?? The mere thought of it sent a cold shudder over me, and made me for a moment superior even to the agonies of sea-sickness. I have remarked that I am a physical coward. I am a moral one also. It is seldom that the two defects are united to such a degree - in the one character. I have known many men who were most sensitive to bodily danger, and yet were distinguished for the indepen dence. and strength of their minds. In my own case, however, I regret to say that my quiet and retiring habits had fostered a nervous dread of doing anything remarkable or making myself conspicuous, ?which exceeded, if possible, my fear of personal peril. An ordinary mortal placed under the circum stances in which I now found myself wouM have gone at once to the captain, confessed his fears, and put the matter into his hands. To me, however,- constituted as I am, the idea was most repugnant. The thought of be coming the observed of all observers, cross questioned by a stranger, and confronted with two desperate conspirators in the cha racter of a denouncer, was hateful to me. Might it not by . some remote possibility prove that I was mistaken ? What would be my feelings if there should turn out to be no grounds for my accusation? No, I would procrastinate ; I would keep my eye on the two desperadoes and dog them at every turn. Anything was better than the possibility of being wrong. Then it struck me that even at that moment some new phase of the conspiracy might be developing itself. The nervous ex citement seemed to have driven away my in cipient attack of sickness, for I was able to Btand up and lower myself from the boat without experiencing any return of it. I staggered along the deck with the intention of descending into the cabin, and finding how my acquaintances of the morning were occu pying themselves. Just as I had my hand on the companion-rail, I was astonished by re ceiving a hearty slap on the back, which nearly shot me down the steps with more haste than dignity. ' Is that you, Hammond ?' said a voice which I seemed to recognise. ' God bless me,' I said as I turned round, 'it can't be Dick Merton Why, how are you, old man?' This was an unexpected piece of luck in the midst of my perplexities. Dick was just the man I wanted ; kindly and shrewd in his nature, and prompt in his actions, I should have no difficulty in telling him my sus picions, and could rely upon his sound sense to point out the best course to pursue. Since I was 9 little bid in the second form at Harrow, Dick had been my adviser and pro tector. He saw a glance that something had gone wrong with me. 'Hullo!' he said, in his kindly way, 'what's put you about, Hammond? You look as white as a sheet. Mai de mer, eh ?' ' No, not that altogether,' said I. ' Walk up and down with me, Dick ; I want to speak to you. Give me your arm.' Supporting myself on Dick's stalwart frame, I tottered along by his side ; but it was some time before I could muster resolu tion to speak. 'Have a cigar,' said he, breaking the silence. x ' No thanks,' said I. ' Dick, we shall be all corpses to-night.' ' That's no reason against your having a cigar now,' said Dick, in his cool way, but looking hard at me from under his shaggy eyebrows as he spoke. He evidently thought - that my intellect was a little gone. * 'No,' I continued, 'it's no laughing matter ; and I speak in sober earnest, I assure you. I have discovered an infamous con spiracy, Dick, to destroy this ship and every soul that is in her ;' and I then proceeded systematically and in order, to lay before him the chain of evidence which I had collected. ' There, Dick,' I said, as I concluded, 'what I do you think of that ? and, above all, what am I to do ?' To my astonishment he burst into a hearty fit of laughter. 'I'd be frightened,' he said, 'if any fellow but you had told me as much. You always had a. way, Hammond, of discovering mare's nests. I like to see the old traits breaking out again. Do you remember at school how you swore there was a ghost in the long room, and how it turned out to be yonr own reflection in the mirror? Why, man,' he continued, ' what object would any one have in destroying this ship? We have ; no great political guns a-board. On the contrary, the majority of the passengers are Americans. Besides in this sober nineteenth century, the most wholesale murderers stop at including themselves among their victims. Depend upon it, you have misunderstood them, and have mistaken a photographic camera, or something equally innocent, for an infernal machine.' ' Nothing of the sort, sir,' said I rather touchily, 'You will learn to your cost, I fear, that I have neither exaggerated nor mis-: interpreted a word. As to the box, I have . certainly never before seen one like it. It contained delicate machinery; of that I am convinced, from the way in which the men , handled it and spoke of it. ' You'd make out every packet pfperishable ' goods to be a torpedo,' said Dick, ?' if that is ; to be your only test.' *~ .; . ' The man's name was Flannigan,' I con. - tinned. (Concluded in our next.) f 