THE ENGINEER'S STORY. Mayhap, stranger, you hev run over the Pennsylvany Central Railroad. As you may say, I was born and brought up on that line, first as fireman, then engineer niah on to twenty years. Ifs alien excitin' to ran a machine, and wen I was a fireman I used to think it was better to be top of one of them splendid engines than to be President of the United States. The day they first; pnt me on the footboard and I took the lever in my hand and knew it was my engine, I reckon I was the proudest man between Pitteburg and Altoona. I kinder thought that everybody was goin' to be out, thet day, to see how the train made her run, and you kin bet all your specie that ehe went smack up to the minit, the whole 117 miles. But this kind of spirit wore off, after a while, 'n I settled down into a sober steady goin* man; *n they did say tbas I wor as safe *n reliable a man as they bed in the business, f her to say it, stranger, as there's nobody else to do it ; elsewise you wouldn't know it. I was turned §3 wen me and Mary was married. Twenty-eight years ago! Yon hev a wife, stranger P Hevn't got no wife ! Welll'mayhaps it's just as well! Ihed Mary some eight yeare, but it don't seem like no time, now. I left her there in the old Keystone State, her an* the boy. Sometimes I think I'd like to go back agin, and see the place where they both lie, but I suppose I never shalL Don't seem as if I had the heart to do it It wasn't in any church-yard, you know j but a little way op the mountain there was a green quiet spot among the trees, and they are there— not more *n 100 feet* say, above the tzack —end I often wonder if Charley doesn't j&gB; ^drfeagn, whe$ the New ToA expxen thunders by, that his old father is holding the throttle. I put up a snug cabin by the side of the road where I bad a small clearin', and be tween whiles I used to plant my potatoes and things, enough to keep us going, and Hazy had her garden, Mary aliens took to flowers, as I used to tell her, jokin' like, 'oos ehe was one of the family. Then we had a cow, and Mary raised chiokwiB, and I never see no person could do as much with chickens as Mary could. Jest seemed like those hens were alien strainin' of theirselves laying eggs. Yon never see rtothin* pay stricter attention to business than what they did. Never standin' about and foolin' around, but aliens -at it. And then they'd set an hatch incredible. Mostly two broods a year, and brought 'em all up. juary raised ins eow. uns oiine neign boon gave it to her when it was a calf, and she made muoh of it. I used to tie it to a stake near the cabin when it was a little thing, for it to eat grass. Mary didn't know much about things then, she was young like; and one day she thought she'd pat the call in the stable. I told her she'd better not try it— she just a slight girL Now a calf, yon know, is the most deeeivin' waimal in the world. It don't look as if it had any strength, and yet it'll upset -«a foil-grown man. So-Mary unties the rope and starts for the shed, and the calf fcieked up its heels and away it went. Mary held on the tope and away she went — thrown down, rolled over— and there was a eonfaefen of calf and ealieo all over the plaee. There wasn't no bones broken, bat Mary was the most amazed girl yon ever saw. That ealf grew up to oe a ntowin' eow. one UBea to ran oat on the track just on purpose to frighten people. She'd stay on till the train was dose np, but never got hit. The men soon all got to know her and didn't mind her. Bat whenever a new engineer came along and «aw her he'd whistle brakes and raise a rumpus, often bringing the train to a dead stop. Bat she'd walk off j nut at the right time, and seemed to understand the ioke* Oar little cabin was in among the moun tains, a good ways from any other house, and I need to sometimeB think that Mary most be lonely, with me away so much of the time. You see, I was alien oat three nights in the week. I went up in the day time, passing my house at noon, and down again that night, passing at midnight. Bat I was home two or three days in the week and alien Sunday. - The plaee where we lived was,a wild region of oonntry, and the storms we used to have np there, so high in the air, was fearful. I didn't tell you anything about the boy ? No ! Well, do you know I took to him the very first moment. And that's a very curious thing about babies. Now I never fancied 'em much, but I tell you, stranger, it makes all the difference in the worid whether Wb your baby, or whether it belongs te somebody else. Fve seen a great many of 'em in my time, and acoordin' to their parents they was the most uncom mon babies ; but I could never see much of it. I used to laugh a good deal when people made such fools of themselves over their children, but I know exactly how it is now, for I suppose I was the greatest fool over my Charley as ever lived. Mary named him Charley. That was after me. Seems to me that boy took to a locomotive fretm the time he was six months old. TTjh mother would sit out in front of the house, with him in her lap, when I was up at noon, and she'd kiss her hand and wave the baby at me. By the time he was 3 years old he'd got so that I used to take him up to ride with me. There was a water tank near the house, and when I stopped to water he was allers there, and I'd ketch tiinri up 'n carry 'im off ten or twenty miles, till I met another train, and some of the boys 'd carry him back home. 'Twasn't long afore there was scarce a man on the road as didn't know Charley Latham's baby. They'd pick *im up wherever they could find him, and sometimes he'd be gone nearly all day, but somebody 'd set him down afore night, *n he'd come ieddlin* home. Sometimes I think ifs queer how the men used to take to that baby. There was fellers just as rough as bears— brakes- men; they'd get drunk and crazy with liquor, and cut or shoot a man quicker 'n lightnin*; 's' section men — up in them mountains them section men were mighty hard cases. What for fightin' and quarrel lin* they'd beat Sam HilL An' yit there Wa8H V OIM3 O UtOUt isUOpD UO RUUIU B£fl«UL Cfc cross word to my baby. They was all fond of 'im, and if anybody took to imposin* on 'im, why, there'd be a mus quicker'n the drop of yer hat. There was Bill Walker. You didn't know Bill Walker, did you? No! Of course you didn't. Dead now. Let a switch open on 'im and he run off. Never spoke after they picked 'im up. Bill, he was a crusty old bachelor— one of them fellers what never ees nothin* if he can helpliisself . He didn't have no relations, and he was so sot agin everybody the boys nsed to say they didn't believe he ever had a father or mother like other folks. He'd hard lines in his life, for a fact, and it made him what they call a misen — . Ycb! that's it — amisenthorp. He seemed to hev a particular grudge for every body he had seen, and a sorter general disgust tor everybody he hadn't. Bill picked up the baby for a ride one day, and when he stopped at the next station he was goin' 'round oilin* his engine and the little tyke taggin' after, holdin' on to his coat tail and getting his Belf all covered with oil and grease, jest like a reg'lar engineer ; and there was one of the station men as didn't like Bill, no how, and he sob, ses be : ' Hullo, Bill ! is that a left-hander of your*n ?' They say Bill just turned ashy. He sets down his can and reached for that feller — jest one,square in the juggler, and he didn't git out o* bed for ten days. One day there came down from New York a rocking horse, and Mary found it at the water- tank with a piece of paper tied to the bridle, 'n it said like this : ' If Bill Walker could ever wish for a baby of his own it would be little Charley?' That rocking-horse cost Bill a whole month's wages. One of the first things Charley learnt to say wen he was begumin' to talk, was this : You see the men on the road used to call one another ?' Pazd'— short for ' pardner.' Charley he caught it, and he always called me ' Pard.' I don't think he ever called me father or papa, like other children do; but it was allus 'Pard.' -( You and me is pards, isn't we t'. he used to eay. An' thaVs what we allus called one another, and he went by the name of 'Charley Latham's pard' all over tEe road. I'd be goin' by the house on the noon train, an' leanin' out o' the cab watehin' for 'im, *n he'd be out in front, with a white rag or something to wave at me, and Fd see by the motion of his lipe— I couldn't hear for the noise of the cars— that be was sayin1 ' You and me is pards, isntweP' As I was tellin', Sundays I laid off; 'n in the mornm*, after breakfast, Mary would fill np a backet with some bread 'n butter 'n meat *n tilings, and we three -would go off into the mountains and stay all day. W* need, to do tim every Sunday, and bo Charley got to caUin' it his pard's day. You see, he got a notion that it was the best day in tbe week, 'cos I was alias home with him. I didn't neverjgo to church —it was a long ways ; and then I thought Charley would get as much religion by going around in the. woods and among the mountains, where the trees and leaves were so beautiful aid the rocks so grand, as any other way. If they don't tell us that the Creator who made 'em all is powerful and good, too, there ain't no xreacher can. doit.* . - ' xou went up to the top of Pike's Peak the other day. - F.w» been there too, 'n I'd like to know if a chap can go up there among those awful precipices and* gorges and look over the country for 100 miles and see the mountains around, and the plains 'way off in front that don't seem to have no end, and then look at bieself and say whether he does reaUy amount to a row of pina. You see, I never was any Christian, and never give Charley no such trainin', and sometimes I think maybe I didn't do quite right by him. But, Lord love you; stranger, wen he went among the angels, I'm jest certain there wasn't none of 'em had any oleaner soul *au what be had. There was a place about three-quarters of a mile from our place, where we used to go a good deal Sundays, and Mary would read the Bible to us and sing. She was a good singer, Mary was. We used to call the place ' Devil's Bun.' It was a sort of a creek, but didn't Shave no water in it, 'cept after a hard rain. It came down between two high mountains, where it was as steep as could be. Wen a storm came up] Fve known it in half an lioiir to have six foot of water in it. An* then it would bringdown big trunks of trees and great stones, roaring that way you could hear it for miles. ? Ifs got it's name because it was such an infernal place. Often Fve been- woke up at night by a heavy shower, and Fd hear Devii's Bun howling as though it would tear everything to pieces. There couldn't be no worse place fixed for the road, if they had hunted the whole country through, than right there. There was «a sharp curve, and on the outside of it was a straight-up-and-down precipice for hundreds of feet, so that if a train went off it would be smashed into ;kindlin' wood and tenpenfly nails. Devil's Bun went underneath the track, near the point of the curve, through -a barrel culvert, and once there came on a hard storm, 'n the trees 'n the stones, and so on, choked up the culvert, which wasn't large enough, 'n the water dammed up and rose, till by'n bye the whole embankment gave way, and twenty feet of the road went npplin' down the mountain. : They found out the break before any accident happened, and the culvert was rebuilt, a good deal larger than before. But that place the whole road was af eared of. . . - As I wasa tellin', if it hadn't been such a wicked place Devil's run was the prettiest one on the whole mountain. The bed of the stream was deep down, 'n full of ferns and grasses that Mary was alters gatherin', and we could set there in the hottest day 'n the sun could neverfind its way through the trees overhead. As I was tellin', Charley was born to be an engineer. By the time he had got to be six years old he knew the name of nigh all the parts of a machine. He'd learned all the signals that was used on the road. He knew that a red flag or red light meant danger. That a lantern, at night, swung backward 'n fortrard slowly across tbe track, would bring a train pp, ei\ standin'. All that sort o' thing he jest picked up hisself . He knew the sound of every whistle and bell on the road, 'n could tell what ingine they belonged to, and I believe he knew the tread of No. 29J whenever she went by, night or day. .No. 29, that was my ingine, I run! her about three years, and there -wasn't nothin' in God's world I couldn't git out of her wen she was in a good humour. We sort o' understood one another, and she hardly ever went back on me. Once in a while she did, and then she was a perfect cuss. YeB I he was seven that winter. Jon seven years old a few days before Christmas. After Charley got a year or two old I allers made muoh of Christmas. Mostly I contrived to lay off that day so as to be home with my little pard. Some of the boys was alters ready 'n willin' to take my run that day— them ae didn't hev no wives or children. They'd come and say: 'Now, Latham, there's your little pard, hell be a wantin' of you to-morrow, which is Christmas. So Til jest take your run down. An* thU 'ere basket, why, the boyB, you know, they ses, we ain't got no chick nor child, and we'll send this along to Latham's little Charley.' The first time they did that I was took back that way I stood and gaped, a looktn' around like a natural, and couldn't say a word. And the things they used to send Charley was astonishing toys and so on. Why, one Christmas they sent 'im a real silver mug. Oh ! stranger, them days was such times ae Fve never hed sinoe. There wasn't bo other children around for Charley to play with, but me 'n his mother was all he seemed to care for, 'n we'd carry on together all day just aB if none o! us was more'n seven yean old. Charley nea a unie room oy tniseu, wnere he slept, which had a window that looked down the traok. I gave him ? railroad lan tern, which he trimmed and filled hisself after I showed him how, 'n wen it was my night down he'd light his lantern 'n pat it in the window at the head of his bed. I eonld see it a long way before I got to the house, 'n you don't know, stranger, what comfort it was wen I was a comin* down to see that light and know that my little boy was lyin' there fast asleep and dreamin' that the roar of the train was the footB*epB of his old pard flyin' at forty mile an hour. It waB my run down Thanksgiving eve. I was goin' to stop off in the mornin', and Bill Walker was to take my train goin' back. We started from Altoona late in the evening and a good deal behind. It had been a bad day. The weather had been warm for some time back, and it began to rain in the morn in', and had rained all day. By night the wind chopped around to the north 'n began to torn cold, so that wen we started it was rainin' and aleetin', with an outlook for a heavy storm. A darker eight I never saw, 'n wen the conductor palled Che bell I sea to my fireman, ' Crazy, this is goin' to be an ugly ran.' My fireman was a crazy, harum aearom sort of a boy, and so they had nick named him 'Crazy JTake.' Bnt they soon dropped the Jake 'n left him Orazy, and that's the name he alien went by, So he ees to me, ''Boss I J gueBB you're right there.' Crazy was one o' them boys thet's often in desperate tight plaeeB, bnt Fve never known 'm was, aleard e* nothw'. Fve never seipi 'm to show the white feather. I don't believe man or devil could scare /m but this night he eeeme£ to be uneasy like. Sometimes there's something makes you think beforehand that something is goin' to happen— a kind of — of— presentiment ? Yes t that's it Presentimen'. You cant tell erafttly how it is, bat i! there is speerits in accidents or disasters, seems like they was tryin' some way to let folks know in time, and couldn't quite do iU Evetythwg itemed to go wrong with us ttu|nlght. Thepa*wn gurwasaU argroWUn' Wwehnrriri'eWup t» *mut; Wriw I F&Uafl; opt, my machine had the very old boy in her. No. '29, as I was tellin' ye, was one of the surest engines on the road, but when Bhe did git into her didos she was more obstreperous *n a government mule. Ingines is Hke these sewin' machines or planners, and them things. They git out o' kilter without no reason, ana yer oatft tell Vat'e the matter with 'em, only they jest won't and that's all there is about it. She wouldn't steam, she fretted and snorted and foamed, and wouldn't do her work no wayB at alL Me and Crazy fussed with, her, and worked with her, and coaxed and cussed her, but it wasn't no use. We kept run t»jtt behind all the time instead of '»'-V'»* up 'n the conductor swore like a pirate. He was a engineer hisself, and he came out into- the cab and for five or ten mile he fussed and worked and coaxed and cussed. I believe that ingine knew just as well tbat Satan was out loose that night as if she'd been a real human. IngineB is like women— they can't tell you why a thing is so, and can't give no reason for it, but they jest know it is so. Mebbe we'd made thirty ™fl-» or sich matter. The'rain and sleet and hail and snow was comin* down fearful. The water was pourin' down the mountain and fillin*. the qitches andrunnin' much as you saw it last night. The wind was blowin' a tornado, and come learin* through the passes — gulches they call 'em in this country — -in gusts that would strike the locomotive like a big wave striking a ship, and almost throw her over. It was so dark, too, that I couldn't hev seen Crazy on the other side of the cab but for the lantern, and wen he opened the furnace door. But I had to get along all I could. It wouldn't do to slow up, as I was runnin' for a. meetra' point Just before you get to the curve at Devii's Bun there's a short stretch of straight track. Soon as I struck that I began to look for the light in Charley's window, which was the ^other side of tbe run. Strainin' my eyes through the dark just at the point of the curve I saw a light swinging backward and forward slowly across the track. You know I was a-tellin' you as everything went crooked that night. Soon as I saw that light I knew what it all was in a minit. It came on me with a rush like. My hair stood on end. I blew brakes, I screams to the fireman, ' Crazy ! Devil's Bon culvert's gone, by the livin' God 1 ' He jumped 'n Bot the tender brakes, and slid the wheels in a flash. The brakeBmen behind didn't answer. They was dozin' in the oars, I reckon. I blew brakes agin with a blast to wake the dead, and threw her over. The drivers ground and groaned under me, but the rails were sleety and slippery, and I was forging ahead to a gulf 500 feet square down, and 150 human livee behind me. I was tellin' ye as No. 29 that night was dead square ag'in goin' ahead ; but when I threw her back seems like she knew her biz and how mooh laid on her doin' of it well. Women, agin, is engines. Crabbed, crooked, cantankerous cusses wen they don't want to, bnt where its works of goodness or mercy call on 'em and they're right there. No 29 took hold on that reverse with a grit I never seen on no engine afore. She put all there was in her into every turn, and the whole affair took less time than I'm a tellin' of it till the dancer was bv. Woen we stopped within twenty feet of the light, whioh was swingin* stiil, backward and forward, slowly across the traok, I ecz to Crazy, ' Who's got that lantern ? ' Knew it couldn't be the trackman, for we'd just met him three miles below, and 'oept him there was nobody nearer'n ten miles at that time of night. So I gits down from the machine and runs up the road. As I comes up I Bees a little figure in white. It was still a ewingin' of the light backwards and forwards, slowly across the track. He was in hie nightgown, just as he got out of bed, hadn't no hat, and was barefoot The sleet had froze in his bair and his nightgown was stiff with ice. I comes np to 'im— well, I was took thai way I couldn't speak. An* he kep' awingin* the light backwards and forwards, slowly aoroes the traok, and he see to me, he says, ' You and me's pards, isn't we T' I looks at 'im a minit. His eyes was open and looked queer. He was dead fast asleep. Crazy ketohes me or Fd gone over, whioh it were my legs seemed weak like. Then I sets down on the rail, and Crazy pioks up the child, 'n' huggin* of 'im up buated right out a eryin', he did. The conductor and some of the men got out of the cars and come where we was. It was sleetin' still, 'n' growin' bitter cold. The boys carried the baby into the baggage car, -where there was a stove and took off his night clothes and wrapped 'im up in blankets and great coats. There was a doctor on the train, and he ses if we kin git 'im -back to bed without wakin' of 'im up p'raps it wouldn't hurt 'im ; but if he was to wake, what with the wet, 'n* the cold, 'n' the fright, like as not it might kill 'im. So the boys takes 'im up to carry 'im to the house, and I fotlered along, but I could't hev carried a kitten. The doctor he tells 'em to be keerf ul and not wake J'jh for it was as much as his life wag worth! So Crazy takes 'im and two of W holds a a blanket over 'a to keep the sleet off, 'n' one goes ahead with a lantern, and two or three more about with lanterns, so's to light the way. W'en we got to tbe break it was just as I expected, track, road, cul vert, everything gone, clean as if cut out with' a knife. The water was pitchin* round the run rax feet deep, carryin* big rocks and boulders, that bounced and bumped from side to side, and up into the air, dear out of the water. It was awful to look at. How the child got over the gap, whioh was at least twenty feet wide, I don't know. A tree hed come down and lodged crossways, and I suppose he most hev gone over on that. Wen we come to it we was most afraid to try it, for if you slipped off the log it was all day with you. I didn't Uke to trust the hoys, and I sea to Jake, 'Crazy, you won't drop the baby, will you ?' He points down into the break and ees, '-Latham we'd all be down there every mother's son of us, bnt for your little pard. I'd drop my soul first.' Well ( we got 'im home safe at last. Mary was asleep when we got to the house, and waa seared aB bad as me when she heard what was up. We put 'im back in his bed and sure enough he never waked up. Next mornin' they threw a trestle over the break and trains was tannin' agin. But the doctor stayed with as. Just oat of his own head, you know, bnjt he seemed anxious. Seemed as though he took to the child. Don't wonder at that, neither. Most everybody did. J, watched by Im all that night, and toward day X got out all bis old Christmas things and set 'em on to a table near the ted, where he eoold see 'em the first thing. But a fever came on -tin, »n- W(m ne vg£* be was out of bis head. I speaks to 'im and ua, ' How goes it, Pard ?'? But be didn't S^ '* t Tha* Wft8 Thanksgiving Day, you know, V I sat there by him, hopfaTeVery minit U he might come round, bo I give ?£ his things and we could hey our holiday jeBt as we used to do. Bat he' kep' gettin' worse from hoar to hour. He. was aiok jest a week and wanderin' and Wild from first to last. I stayed with 'im all the tune, lev I hadn't wits enough Isft to handle a machine, and the boys sent wori not to bother myself about business V the£ Mew throng So, fettrce* 'm&fm; my doty an! No. 29 went up ana down in her reg'l»r runs jest as if I was jit ihe lever. Yon know I -waa tdfin* abort the water-tank near the house. It didn't use to be used anen, *n* that week it seemed as though there wasn't a train either way that didn't get out o» water jost there, and some of 'em would «ome over to see about Hie boy. And their wives kept sendin' nibs things and they ware poor people, too. Yon see, somehow it travelled about as fast as what little Pard had done, stoppjn' the train that night, V neeieh a miteof a chad. An'lt got into the news papers, and tts President of the toad earns up to see 'im and aD that. But faeinst went on from day to day, ior death struek'imbom the first moment as he stood there in the winter lain. . . ?? ?? jr-Om SIS ;T'»'ig WZUIS SB WBB OBUXMM1B-WO found out pretty much all bow it was. I reckon he beard the storm in bis sleep and the roarin' of the run and that set him to dreamin'. Of course he knew it was my night, 'n' I bad often told 'im what a bad plaee it was, and what to do if anything happened— never thinking that he'd go to doin' of ithisBett. But he gitB up inhifl sleep, takes his lantern and goes out to meet me. rdbeasitto'therewatehia'of'imby bis bed, 'n' he'd begin first, jest kindo* mutterin', and I'd hear him say, softly like, as ef he was talkin' to hisself : 'Pud's due at the main twenty nunits. I kin get there in time.' 'Pears like it was all goin' through bifl mind agin and he was doin' over jest what he did that .night We eould tell wen be got to the plaee where the road broke, for he see, 'Efa I git over on that log? £f I don't my . ptrd '11 be Idttefl.** ^7 : . : Then seemed as though he was goin'- down ' to the carve where we found him. An' he'd shiver like asef the cold Mitt was stzikin' *im. -.-..- You Bee we eould mostly folter 'im by watehin' 'im and ketohut' what he said. Onotortwiot he shook right hard, and his teeth chattered. We thought it was the cold he was feelin' agin as he felt out therein the night with nothin' on 'im. Then be keeps - still awhile like he was a waitiu' and liatenin'. for the train, and you'd see 'im hold hie breath fearin' he couldn't ketoh the sound. Pretty soon he speaks agin, gently like, and seB : ' Kin he see the Sight in time?' 'N he waits a bit. Nex$ he jumps right up in bed on bis knees and screams out at the top of his voice : . . ' Stop her, Pard ! Sfop 29 !' Stranger, I've seen fpgfitful things in my time, but I never see anything so awful . as that was. . Pale and wild,- with the fever on 'in±, that mere baby wasxtryin* to make me hear, and the wiiul-howliii' and the train roarin' the way it wag. An' we'd try to keep 'im still, 'n' his mother would coax him, and I'd try to quiet h»n 'n' he'd scream agin : ' Culvert's gone ! Stop her, Paid !' An' rd take 'im in my arms 'n' he'd fee all of -a quiver. Then it seemed like be heered me whistle, for he ees : 'All right! he's blowin' brak€B.' An' I puts 'im back in bed and be lays still a minit like he was listening and ses : 'He's a reversal' of 29, he is! Mj pard— pard's safe.' xnen nea snut his eyes and drop off, and smile in his sleep, like he was satisfied. By-ahd-bye he'd begin and go all over it agin, and so, day after day, allers the same. He seemed to hev it in hiB mind ali the time. The doctor, you know him I was a tellin' about, well, he stopped off that night and stayed with us the whole, week and nursed baby like he was his own. 'N wen it was all over I thought it was right, V I ses to Mm, 'Doctor! cau I pay youP' 'No!' ses he, 'Latham, you can't. TTiR ]ife saved mine. 'N besides that, Latham, 'n* he filled up like, 'besides that, Latham, I've got one jest Ms age. There ain't nothin.' yon kin give me but that little curl there on his forehead.' So Mary takes the scissors and outs it off. He kissed it, 'n put it in his pocket 'n went away. On the night of the break at Devil's Bun, wen I got off the machine to see what was the matter, I pulls out my watch and it was twelve o'clock and three minits. It was exactly a week after that I took out my watch and it was twelve o'clock and three minits. Some of the neighbours had come from around in the mountains, 'n a minister had come from a village about fifteen miles off. I didn't give no atten tion to nothin', for I was stunned like and didn't know haw it all was. Iswas aettm' in front of the house on a large stone where Charley used to eit and wait for me wen I was comin' by, and I heerd a whisttei. An' I see a train. It stopped near where L was. The locomotive was No. 29. The boys had her dressed, in mourning. Bill Walker was runnin* her and Crazy was inn. Thf-A ware three nnashaa fill/*? wim me hoys and their wiveB and children. They was in their best clothes, 'n when they came by where I was sittin* — they all knew*it was little Charley's place— the men took off their hats and the women had their handkercaers to their faces. I allus knowd they was very fond of him, bat it seemed as though they had loBt an only child. There were six little boys, all the same size, and they took 'im up, and we all follered;upthe side of the mountain. It was a mild day, and the sun ahinin* bright. We crossed Devil's Sun and came to a place of level ground where there was some large pine trees. It was just over the cliff, a little ways from the road, say 100 feet, and in plain sight of where he stood wavin' his lantern back ward and forward slowly across the track when he said, ' You and me's pards, isn't we?' After all, it was harder on Mary th-jn os me. In three months' time I tox-k her there, too. I stayed on the line, a little while after that, but I couldn't never go back to my house agin, and whenever I was goin' by and saw than two heaps of fresh earth it worked on me so I couldn't As I was tellin*, I sometimes think I'd like to baqk there, and see the place once more, but seeme as if I was afeerd. I doirt believe in ghosts but on a dark night. rdBMjmy little Charley waving his light ashe did that night when itc^sfc hirnhia life.— Hetraa FreeH-est. Ltjoc,— The gifts that luck is supposed to ahower, feasibly remarks an exeha5ge7are wwava to be found in possession of people wno have strong arms, dear heads, or baiy fingers, and he who ean combine all of these desirablequalitieB is among the luckiest of men. The man or woman wno is always nnluoky iB the one who always iv blundering, either stupidly or lazily. The best ' luck' tbat ean fall upon any impecunious young man is * determination to so to work, eves if his only ehanee is to beadle a shovel on -? railroad track, and the 'young woman who ii sighing for a rich hanbawfl will strika lack - when she makes op her mind Co use **+r*mi. and fresh aixaa eotmetiMt try a Dewoookina- recipe everyday, and xead somethinR ses^ tJWe *n«om» of her spare mom ante. Lsak. M anally worshipped, ia the cod olthX 