ALL SORTS AND CON D1TIONS OF MEN. A NOVEL. BY WALTER BESANT AND JAMES BICE, I Authors of: " Beady-money Mortiboy," " Tli i Golden Butterfly," " By Celia's Arbour," " The Chaplain of the Fleet," Ac., &c..; CHAPTER XXXVII. TRUTH WITH FAITHFULNESS. To possess pare truth—and to know it—is a thing which affects people in two ways, both of them uncomfortable to their fellow creatures. It impels some to go pointing out the purity of truth to the world at large, insisting upon it, dragging unwilling people along the road which leads to it, and dwelling upon the dangers which attend the neglect of so great a chance. Others it affects with a calm and comfortable sense of superiority. The latter was Rebekah's state of mind; to be a Seventh Pay Independent was only one degree removed from belonging to theChosen People, to begin with; that there is but one chapel in all England where the Truth re- i poses for a space as the Ark of the Covenant reposed at Shiloh, ' in curtains," is, if you please, a thing to be proud of! It brings with it elevation of soul. There is at present, whatever there may once have been, no proselytising zeal about the Seventh Day Independents ; they are, in fact, a toipid body; they are contented with the conviction—a very comforting one, and possessed by other creeds besides their own —that, sooner or later, the whole world will embrace their faith. Perhaps the Jews look forward to a day when, in addition to the Restoration which they profess to desire, all mankind will become proselyteB in the Court of the Gentiles. It is something little short of this that the congregation of Seventh Day Independents expect in the dim future. What a splendid, what a magnificent field for glory—call it not vain- glory!—does this conviction present to the humble believer ! There are, again, so very few of them that each one may feel himself a visible pillar of the Catholic Church, bearing on his shoulders a perceptible and measurable quantity of weight. Each is au Atlas. It is, moreover, pleasing to read the Holy Scriptures, espe cially the books of the Prophets, as written especially for a Connection which numbers just one chapel in Great Britain and seven in the United States. How grand is the name of Catholic applied to just oue church ! Catholicity is as yet all to come, and exists only as a germ, or seedling! The Early Christians may have experienced the same delight. Rebekah, best and most careful iff shep womenand accountants, showed her religious superiority more by the silence of contempt than by zeal for conversion. When Captain Tom Coppin, for instance, was preaching to the girls, she went on with her figures, casting up, rilling in red ink, carrying forward in methodical fashion, as if his words could not possibly have any concern with her; and when a" church bell rang, or any words were spoken about other forms of worship, she became suddenly deaf and blind and cold. But she entreated Angela to attend their services. "We want everybody to come," she said; "we only ask for a single hearing, come and hear my father preach. She believed in the faith of the Seventh Bay. As for her father—when a man is paid to advocate the cause of an eccentric or a ridiculous form of belief; when he has to plead that cause week by week to the same slender following, to prop up the limp, and ill body of believers; to keel) together nis small when ne has to maintain a show of hopeful ness, to strengthen the wavering, to confirm the Btrong, to encourage his sheep in con fidence ; when he gets too old for anything else, and his daily bread depends upon this' creed and no other; who snail say what, after a while, that man believes or does not believe? Bed hot words fall from hiB lips, but they fall equally red hot each week; nis atguments are conclusive, but they were equally conclusive laBt week; his logic is irresistible: his en couragement is warm and glowing; but logic and encouragement alike are those of last week and many weeks ago—surely, surely there is no worse fate possible for any man than to preach, week by week, any form whatever of dogmatic belief, and to live by it; surely nothing can be more deadly than to simulate zeal, to suppress doubt, to pre tend certainty. But this is dangerous ground; because others besides Seventh Day Indepen dents may feel that they are upon it, and that beneath them are quagmires. " Come," said Rebekan; " we want nothing but a fair hearing." Their chapel was endowed, which doubt less helped the flock to keep together; it had a hundred and ten pounds a year belonging to it, and a little house for the minister, and there were scanty pew rente, which almost paid for the maintenance of the fabric and the old woman who cleaned the windows and dusted the pews. If the Reverend Percival Hermitage gave up that chapel he would have no means of subsistence at all. Let us not impute motives: no doubt he firmly believed what he taught; but his words, like his creed, were stereotyped; they had lone ceased to be persuasive; tney now served only to preserve. If Angela had accepted that invitation tor any given day there would have been, she knew very well, a sermon for the occasion, conceived." written, and argued out expressly for herself. And this sne did not want. Therefore she said nothing at all of her inten tions, but chore one Saturday when there was little doing and she could spare a forenoon for her visit. The chapel of the Seventh Day Indepen dents Btands in Redman's-lane, close to the Advanced Club House. It is a structure extremely plain and modest in design. It was built by an architect who entertained humble views—perhaps he was a Churchman. —concerning the possible extension of the Connection, because the whole chapel if quite filled would not hold more than two hundred people. The front, or facade, is flat, consist ing of a surface of grey* brick wall, , with a door in the middle and two circular windows, one on each side. Over the door there are two dates—one of erection, the other of resto ration. The chapel within is a well-propor tioned room, with a neat gallery running round three sides, resting on low pillars ana painted a warm and cheerful drab; the pews are painted of the Bame colour. At the back, are two windows with semi- circular arches, and between the windows stands a small railed platform with a reading-desk upon it for the minister. Beside it are high seats with cushions for elders, or other ministers if there should be any. But these seats have never been occupied in the memory of man. The pews are ranged in front of the platform, and tbey are of the old and high-backed kind. It is a wonderful—a truly wonderful thing— that clergymen, priests, ministers, padres, rabbis, ana.church architects, with church wardens, sidesmen, vergers, bishops, and chapelkeepers of all persuasions are agreed, whatever their other diiferences, in the unalterable conviction that it is impossible to be religions, that is to attend services in a proper frame of mind, unless one is uncom fortable. Therefore we are offered a choice; we may sit in high backed, narrow seated pews, or we may sit on low-backed, narrow-seated benches; but sit in comfort we may not. The Seventh Day people have got the high-hacked pew (which catches you in the shoulder-blade, and tries the backbone, and affects the brain, causing softening in the long run), and the narrow seat (which drags the muscles, and brings oa premature paralysis of the lower limbs). The equally narrow, low-backed bench produces injurious effects of a different kind, but simi larly pernicious. How would it he to furnish one aisle, at least, of a church with broad, low, and comfortable chairs having arms? They should be reserved for the poor who have so few easy chairs of their own. Rightly managed, and properly advertised, they might help towards a revival of religion among the working classes. Above the reading platform in this little chapel they have caused to be painted on the wail the Ten Commandments—the fourth emphasised in red—with a text or two, bear ing on their distinctive doctrine; and in the corner is a door leading to a little vestry; but, as there are no vestments, its use is not apparent. As for the position taken by these people, it is perfectly logical, and, ia fact, impreg nable. There is no answer to it. They say, " Here is the Fourth Commandment. All the rest you continue to observe. Why not this* When was it repealed ? And by whom ? If you put these questions to Bishop or Presby ter, be has no reply, because that law never has been repealed. Yet, as the people of the Connection compiain, though they have rea son and logic on their side, the outside world will not listen, and go on breaking the Com mandment with light and unthinking heart. It is a dreadful responsibility—albeit a grand thing—to be in possession of so simplea truth of such vast importance, and yet to get no body ever to listen. The case is worse even than that of Daniel Fagg. Angela noted all these things as she entered the little chapel a short time after the service had commenced. It was bewildering to step out of the noisy streets, where the current of Saturday morning was at flood, into this quiet room with its strange service and its strange flock of Nonconformists. The thing, at first, felt like a dream ; the people seemed like the ghosts of an unquiet mind. There were few worshippers; she counted their all — four elderly men, two elderly women, three young men, two girls, one of whom was "Rebekah, and five boys-»-sixteeii in all; and standing on the platform was their leader. Rebekah's father—the Rev. Percival Armi tage—was a shepherd, who from choice led his flock gently along peaceful meadows and in shady quiet places. He had no prophetic fire. He had evidently long since acquiesced in the certain fact that under him, at least, ■whatever it might do under others, the Con nection would hot greatly increase. Perhaps he did not himself desire an increase which would give him more, work. Perhaps he never had much enthusiasm. By the simple accident of birth he was a Seventh Day Chris tian, being of a bookish and unambitious turn and of an indolent habit of body, mentally and physically unfitted for the life of a shop, he entered the ministry. In course of time he got this chapel, where he remained, toler ably satisfied with his lot in life, a simple, self-educated, mildly pious person, equipped with the phrases of his craft, and comforted with the consciousness of superiority and separation. He looked up from his book in a gentle surprise when Angela entered the chapel. It was long since a stranger had been seen there, Once, not long ago, there was a boy who had put his head in' at the door and shouted "Hoo!"and ran away again; once there was a drunken sailor who thought it was a public-house, and sat down and began to sing and wouldn't go, and had to be 6hoved out by the united efforts of the whole small congregvtion. When he was gone they sang an extra hymn to restore a religious calm; but never a young lady before. Angela took her Beat amid the wondering looks of the people, and the minister went on in a per functory way with his prayers and his hymns and his exposition. There certainly did seem to an outsider a want' of heart about the service, but that migbt have been due to the emptiness of the pews. When it came to the sermon, Angela thought the preacher spoke and looked as if the limit of endurance bad at last almost arrived, and he would not much longer endure the inex pressible dreariness of the conventicle. It was not so; he was always mildly sad; he seemed always a little bored; it was no use pretending to be eloquent any more; fireworks were thrown away; and as for what he had to say, the congregation always had the same thing, looked for the same thing, aud would have risen in revolt at the suggestion of a new thing. ■ His sermon was neither better nor worse than may be heard any day in church or chapel; nor was there anything in it to distinguish it from the sermons of any other body of Christians. The outsider left off listening and began to think of the congregation. In the pew with j her was a man of sixty or so, with long black hair streaked with grey, brushed back behind his ears; he was devout and followed the prayers audibly, and sang the hymns out of a manuscript music-book, and read the text critically; his face was the face of a bulldog i for resolution. The man, she thought, would enjoy going to the stake for his opinions; and if the Seventh Day Independents were to be made the National Established Church he would secede the week after and make a new sect, if only by himself. Such men are not happy under authority; their freedom of thought is as the breath of their nostrils, and i they cannot think like other people. He was not well dressed, and was probably a shoemaker or some such craftsman. In front of her sat a family of three; the wife was attired in a sealskin rich and valuable, and the. son, a young man of one or two and { twenty, had the dress and appearance of a gentleman—that is to say, of what passes for such in common city parlance. What did these people do in such a place? Yet they were evidently of the religion. Then she noticed a widow and her boy. The widow was not young; probably, Angela thought, she had married late in life; her lips were thin and her face stern. " The boy," thought Angela, "will have the doctrine adminis tered with faithfulness." Only sixteen altogether; yet all, except the pastor, seemed to be grimly in earnest and inordinately proud of their sect. It was as if the empti ness of their benches and their forsaken condition called upon them to put on a greater show of zeal and to persuade them selves that the Cause was worth fighting for. The preacher alone seemed to have lost heart. But his people, who were accustomed to him, did not notice this despondency. Then Angela, while the sermon went slowly on, began to speculate on the conditions of belonging to such a sect. First of all, with the apparent exception of the lady in sealskin and her husband and son, the whole sixteen—perhaps another two or three were prevented from attending— were of quite the lower middle class; they belonged to the great stratum of society whose ignorance is as profound as their arguments are loud. But the uncomfort ableness of it! Thev can do no work on the Saturday—"neither their man-servant nor their maid-servant"—their shops are closed and their tools put aside. They lose a sixth part of the working time. Tne fol lowers of this creed are as much separated from their fellows as the Jews. On the Sunday they may work if they please, but on that day all the world is at church or at play. Angela looked round again. Yes; the whole sixteen hod upon their faces the look of pride; they were proudof being separated; it was a distinction, iust as it is to be a Samaritan. Who would not be one of the recipients, however few they be in number, of Truth ? And what a grand thing, what an inspiriting thing it is to feel that some day or other, perhaps not to-day nor to morrow, nor in ones lifetime at all, the whole world will rally round the poor little obscure banner and shout altogether, with voice of thunder, the battle-cry which now sounds no louder than a puny whistle pipe ! Yet, on the whole, Angela felt it must be an uncomfortablecreed; better to be one of the, undistinguished crowd which flocks to the parish church and yearns not for any distinctions at all. Then the sermon ended, and they sang another hymn—the collection in use was a volume printed in New York, and compiled by the Committee of the Connection, so that there were, mani festly, congregations on the other side of the Atlantic living in the same discomfort of separation. At the departure of the people Rebekah hurriejl out farst, and waited in the doorway greet Angela. " 1 knew you would' come some day," she said, " but oh 1 I wish you had told me when you were coming, so that father might have given one of his doctrine sermons. What we had to-day was only one of the comfortable discomses to the professed members of the church which we all love so much. I am so sorry. Oh! he would convince you in ten minutes." " But, Rebekah," said Angela, " I should be sorry to bave seen your service otherwise than is usual. Tell me, does the congrega tion of to-day represent all your strength." Rebekah coloured. She could not deny that they were, numerically, a feeble folk. "Werely," she said, "on the strength of eur cause—and some day—oh ! some day— the world will rally round as. See, Miss Kennedy, here is father; when he has said good-bye to the people"—he was talking to the lady in sealskin—"he will come and speak to us." " I suppose," said Angela," that this lady is a member of yonr chapel ?" "Yes," Rebekah whispered; "oh! they are quite rich people—the only rich people we nave. They live at Leytonstone; they made their money in the bookbinding, ana arc consistent Christians. Father"—for at this point Mr. Hermitage left his rich fol lowers in the porch—" this is Miss Kennedy, of whom you have hoard so much." Mr. Armitage took her hand with a weary Emile. and asked iiebekah if Miss Kennedy would come home with her. They lived in a small house next door to the cbapeL It was so small that there was but one sitting-room, and this was filled with books. " Father likes to sit here," said Rebekah, " by himself all day. He is quite happy if he is let alone. Sometimes, however, lie has to go to Leytonstone." " To the rich neople ?" "Yes," Bebekah looked troubled. "A minister must visit his flock, you know ; and if they were to leave us it would be bad for us, because the endowment is only a hundred and ten pounds a year, and out of that the church and the house have got to be kept in repair. However, a clergyman must not be dictated to, and I tell father he should go his own way and preach his own sermons. What ever people say—Truth must not be hidden away as if we were ashamed of it. Hush ; here he is." The good man welcomed Angela, and said some simple words of gratitude about her re ception of his daughter. , He had a good face, but he wore an anxious expression as if something was always on his mmd. And he sighed when he sat down at his table. Angela stayed for half an hour, bnt the minister said nothing more to her, only when she rose to go he murmured with another heavy sigh, " There's an afternoon service at "three." It is quite impossible to say whether he intended this announcement as an invitation to Angela, or whether it was a complaint, wrung from a heavy heart, of a trouble almost intolerable. 