"Wdveliet. ' GRIT. ..AStory of tho Post anil Present; of Ordl- nary men and Ordinary things, in Ordt> . nary language, BY DONALD CAMERON. ' Aurnon or mix tub folds or run sKurjirrT," vsilvkiwatbr bhwd," btc. i "Bo sura Uiy lin wilt And thcoont" II is a beautiful belief ; That mrpr mtinil nnr lifl.il ' > Am hovering on migri wlngv, , , Thfl spirits of tlio dead. CHAPTER V. — (co.ntcnmti). "Tlicn you won't do It again," said Jack; and ho, let ont lib fli)t, and, with ono blow, considerably damaged Obadlnh'a long annoti- monloua now. Another hit dcoldcdly Inter- foreil with Ubnuialrs optical xtwara. That worthy did not make much o( an attempt to rejoin ; ho did wildly flourish hla honcla In a clawing faahion at first, but tlio accond blow made him think n maatarly retreat cxpodicnt, and away ho ran, with Spot at his hoela. Thcro waa a littlo pnddlo a bit ahead, and into thin, in hla blind fright, Obadinh fell, emerging covered with mnd. But bin terror would not allow him to ntop, and owny ho scudded, while Jack and Bertha fairly laughed until tlio team ran from their byea. Perhaps, had thoy nocn Obadlah'a ovillaco when ho was a safo distanco off, thoy might liavo felt inclined to fear inntcad of langhing. ' Bertha explained to Jack .that sho had come out to bring homo the two goats her ' mother kopt when tha storm began to gather, , and that sho had mot with Obadiali, who had V began to tease her, and tried to snatch n kiss. .'A, Jack' helped Bertha homo with tlio goats, SY .' 'lyrhichjvas an easy matter, as Spot end Lossy T. 1 "j'ft/chargo of them, glad of onco ; more . J-S uVIrig ohargo of something, although Lossy wak, a; littlo jealoua-of Spot,:and showed her . . , ' . teeth onco or ' twioo whon he became too \- .'officious. Eight had gathered when thoy . got to Bertha's -place, and already drops, forerunners -of tlio, great' storm; began to, foil..- Jack . hurried Homo. It was all in darkness. , Ho founjl his mother lying, on the bed, moaning. AVhon ho came ap, sho folded him . to hor breast, and began to weep bitterly, i .. . , 'f Jaok, dear Jack," slio said plaintively, ".Ws.hcan homo and beat me. .1 went to , ' " ,tal(o him aiyny fiom tlio meeting, and lio was . . cross, But I was tcron/j at the time. You : know; dook." . Yon know I Poor Janet, what meaning .sho threw into these simplo words. Jack's heart beat fast, and tlio blood o! early manhood rushed through his - veins, ',' He almost felt Btrong enough to punish tha man . who, had - dared to raise his Hand to hia V. , mother. What if .sho had erred, was sho not '"his, mother? Tears, indignant- tears, came ,. V into his eyes, and he wopt bitterly. > ,V"God. bless. you, Jaok;- God bless you,". \ ; sajd tlio. poor woman., "Oh! liow I havo , gono nstrayrhow I hnvo gono astray I i Was this what my mother taught, mo, , Jaok? Ho, no; no," . And sho moaned in. a: manner tliat went straight to tho boy's heart. Ho gneved to aeo . lier tako on so. . f . " Ohi»r , up, i dear . mother ; clieor tup," bo, said/ "I'm strong;, enough. now, and I'll . work for you very hard, and yon can lcavo that, man." ;'> vi" . .,i ; But sho shook licr.licad; and moaned.' Tlio ' thunder now bejgan , to roar, tho lightning to tear aoross tlio gloomy heavon.s, ; and tlio- wind , to, moan around the dwelling. . ,-Thoh camo, tlio deluge of.rain.pouringdown , . , , aa if from an' ocean .overhead. And in- that 1 , torriblo storm the . mother, and Bon . sot ,'togotlidr. . , . , .. At, last a lull came. - Jack stepped to the . door, -and. looked, ont. Tho clouds wore , soudding.away, and here and there patches of . liluo flky were to,- bo seon. . : TIhp moon, which ..yvas in lier last,, quartevi oooasionolly peeped /.out tq reveal a sodden- world, and o.grcat . flood of yellow waters tumbling down Gritty , . , Gully,; overturning in its wrath all that man nau uonc uicrc, . . "f .j.V.PB go out, mother," said Jadk... " I want to sea what damago tbo flood's dono. - Look at all,. thq ; men gathered about to savo' their olaims. U's vory oioitlng." Jaok," ' said poor. Janet; n forgivo your poor mother for what-sho's done. ' I liavo been so bad,- so bad Good, Lord, look 'down from lieavcn and pity mo. 0 1 mother, mother, if you saw nio now 1" . , v Don't take on so, dear mother," said Jaok. i ,'f I'll bo book soon.". , ; "it yon noyor see mo again, don't forget jour mother,", paid Janet. "Jack; if 'I die, I will como baok and watoli over you. I liavo , not, dono what is right, and 1 must watch aver you, dear Jack.V i . . " Don't talk of dying, dear inotlior," said tha boy. " All will bo right in timo." : , By tho pala light- of tho moon Jack Baw , , liip mother's faoo. It was ghastly, drawn in . , ...witlv montal ogony, and tho largo oyes wcro , , , very mourniul. . Ho felt his heart breaking. . Blia, kissed him passionately; and folded ' jiim to her breast. . Then Jack wont out. . Ho never snw hor nlivo again. . ' , ' OHAPTEB VI, : How glad Jack , felt when lio got out into tho ircaliencd air. Youth is always buoyant and desires to shako oil melancholy fcohngs. Jaok' did feel troubled about his iiiothcr; but tlio"»o had boon accustomed to these scenes, ! >' an( 'fit sura ilint it would all blow ovoras ' '.u««s . Btjll tlio torriblo face,. lio had' Just V been haunted his miriil, and aioso every now ' . and thou llkp a speotrcirom tho .tleacl, Tho life and bustlo nronnd- Jnolt, however, 'soon : dissipated all nuoh;thoughtn. . Men harried too and fro,' in Gritty Gully, I ttrying to ascertain tin), damago dope by tho ( waters which still tumbled, down, foaming l "niid roaring. ' Thoflo wlio liad clliiuis in tho I bed of tho creek looked particularly rhoful ; I but thd-.. generality of the diggers were ' heartily glad, for there would bo plenty of I water to wash tlio'dirt. Thoy were all agreed onono thing— that.tho event should be eela. brdteil with somoliquor.. Those; whosoj Claims.- had .been swamped, declared thoy must havo somotliing to raise their spirits; while those who had dry claims, and looked forward' to being ablo to rapidly redacs their heaps ' of wsshdlrt to' piles ol gold dust, " shouted" energetically. . Thoreiorb, the landlords reaped ' quiio n' harvest. Tho irincipsl street was swamped in water, it is rgo; but, sinco there wore bo many pcoplo ready to kcop .it out by imbibing brandy; what abont that ? 1 So all tho hotels remained ' open; disployinghns . mu(ili light as thoy. possibly could in thoso godless, kcrosoncloos days. Tilers was SOma law that hotels should bo oloscd ot a reasonable hour; bnt, as all tho avhilablq constabnlary wcro lying in tho back parlor of tho Garryowon Hotel — (a weatherboard and tin atrnstnre, thought quito a palace), oxhanstcd after their day's laboar— a mild way ot putting it — arid tho commissioner and some confreres wore playing cuoliro in tho select parlor — there was no ono to aeo tho law pnt in force. Jaok, alter paddlingtjabont in tlio water with all tho excitement a youth foels when anything fresh tuma up, thought ho would look -in at tha Garryowen, to boo what' fun was going on.- Tho bar was crowded ; and behind it stood tlio landlord, Mick Bynn, and his handmaiden, Frndcnce, smiling, of course. A tremor went through Jack's framo as bo noticed that Hector stood in front of tho bnr, talking to ' her. How sweetly sho spoko to him, and what a slave to her he appeared to ba. Jaek'o lists began to clench, and ho felt na if ho could go np to Hector and foil him to tho ground. Jack noticed thnt his father camo np to to Hector, and began to hold animated con versation with him. Frosontty Bnnnkum jumped on to a form. Instantly tho crowd left off drinking, talking, anil smoking. "Miners of Grit," ericd Bunaknm, "tha tima has cotno and tha man. Let ua all adjourn to tho largo room, and hold a public meeting, at which (measures will bo pre ponderated; to' yon for tha redress of yonr grievances. Como I miners of Grit, como I" A stsmpola at onoo took place, and, of course, Jack was not to bo left behind. AJVWIQ IIIQUJ Itllliuivn HU llllJIIUllltU JUUilUfill. had been got up at tho end of tho largo room, and a tablo llxed', whereon'Vas a decanter of brandy anil a bottlo of water. Mr. White, Bertha's father, took tho chair, and, after a few romatks, introduced their old and esteemed friend, Mr. Biinakum. (Cheers.) Rurvojbig tho strange assemblage, Bnna- knm threw himself into an attitude, and delivered tho following oration— pausing fre quently to hare n'sip,. forgetting always to have anything to do with tho wntcr-bottfo: — "Miners of Grit," said he, "tho honest, hard-working worm will walk in tho dost, attending to its duties, and for a timo heed not tho tramping oi tho proud oppressor, thnt spams it witfi'his foot. But only for a timo" (a nip). " Only for n timo. Then it will tum and sting; and tho tyrant will bo laid low." (Great cheers.) " Miners of Grit, yon are tbo worm, tho prond tyrant tho commis sioner." (Immense applause. Several chairs smashed.) " For months ho has been tramp ing npon yon, oxtorting from you license-foes. For what ? To savo you from tho flood ? To ' covor you 'from thosuri? To protect yoa from rapaofty? Not To dine luxuriously ovory day in his cool arbor on the hill.'" (Terrific applause.) " But tho worm will turn, and the' time has come. Ho saw tho olpiids arid the' rain coming;- bnt, did ho save yorir property ? No I" (Deafening ohoers.) "Ho aflo'wed tho: hard work of months' to bo swept away like the dnst'ofl his'well polished -boots. Who nsck o toothbrush? who 'wears a stove-pipo hat, and a boiled shirt?" (Cheers and countor cheers.) " You, who havolivcd on'the Pacific Slope, in tlio great land of California, will you stand it? No! ' Nero, gentlemen, fiddled when Borne was burning, 1 Tho oom- miBsioricr played cuoliro whilejGritty GuUy wob destroying our work." (He laid great omphttBls on our, as if he were tho hhrdcet worker there.) "Yon will cry, 'Lead ub to death and viotory !' How, gentromcil ? Yon must bo cautious how you proceed. You havo a subtle oncmy. I will (tell fyou how to meet tho foe." (A long draught.) "Establish a paper." (Cheers, countor cheers,' and frantio destruction of furniture. The speaker could not proceed for ten minutes." Cries'of " That's1 \- the idea," &o.;, ifco., rcsbrindirig through tlio room.) " Estsblisli-'o pa'pcr.'-Sub'scrlbo, sub-' , scrlbol A poworlul pen is at your'disposal. Hector Macinnis" — (Trmiendous chccring)— : is known to .you all. His pen in tho great Melbourne journal has often dono yoa good service. Give it iv chance iri s lociu pdper." ' (Frantioapplauso.) "My humblo soil"— (great oheering)— " will help to make 'tho Gritty Gully Trumpet rcjpccted throughout tho land;" ' (Oheofs, anil somo ' Ohs I1) " ' " I move that a journal, to bo called tho Gritty Gully Trumpet bo at onoe established Mr; Macinriis bciri editor, and myself lrinnngcr."' . Bunakum now sat -down amidst thunders of applauso. Boveral enthasiastio admirers at once rushed -to him. with brandy bottles. " - Mr; Obadiali Sweeteomfort, sen., roBO to- second the motion; and it was put and carried liem. con., amidst checranndVcitefiilcdbhccrs;: with groans- for tlio commissioner, 'and 'cribs of" "Lynch liiml" IVlicrcupoh'sovernl'Call;' fornians at onco drew their bowic-kiiivcs. = ' . Bunakum jumped up, however, at one?, and cried oat, Down with tlio dust, gentle- men 1 Give ua lifo.nt once. I have given £10 ' myself" — (whence, come the £10?), — "Mr. White, £10, and Mr. Bwccteomidrt, £10,'; Suhsoribol" And they did. Ono niter tlio other wont up to tno , piauorm, anu, ore um tutu u tlidnks to Iho olinirrann was passed, £Eu0 had 'been' collected by 'Bunakum. Hector Maoinnis, liowovor, knowing where tho monoy would go i! in that worthy's hands, quietly- 'took it as treasurer, Littfc did -the' men who, at tho bidding oi Bunakum',. founded that journal that evening, guess the great result that would accrue— the lighte and shadows it would cause I Tho meeting over, there wps once more a. rush to tho bar. Jock sow that Hcotor at onco mndo up to Prudence, and that slio neglected, tho thirsty customers to listen to' " Frudoncc, dear Prudence," Jack heard him say, amidst tho ilin, " I am now ablo to offer you a home. Bo mine, dearest— mine '"she blushed, and allowed him, to tako her hB"Sho will not bo in tho way," Jack heard . h How iho boy's blood boiled. Ho know who was referred to. Tho agonised fnco he hud scon so lately haunted him again. . with hci te Ncv apeak of her ngain." , . . . :i OHAFTEB VII. .. Jaok rushed ont of tho hotel. . I! u'< stand no more of this. With his blood at fever beat; lie sploshed away up ond '",'1'0 township, heedless of where ho «»» 8?in8' trying to calm his mind. Wlmt could lie, » more boy, do? Gradually the '''SRar quiet. Tho men who were ablo to got to tlicir tents staggered thither through ,, mirp, tolling about tho new paMt'. wh o l.osQ who had hUlen in tlio battle, slumbered in tlm wot bars, gathering rheumatism wherewith to lio tormontcd hereafter. , Tlio fleecy olouds wore scouring nIonB, paa mittlrig glimpses' of a sky, dcnr end lapis lasuli, and spotted with stars, hto U mantlo Of a great king. Beneath, th. were rushing and roaring, but gradua J siding. Jack walked np and down by the sido of the creek, watching, with tho pleasure a boy ever derives from snah a eight, tho play of tha current as it swept by. Ho had got to where a littlo bridgohail been erected, when he heard a sort of atillcd cry, and, in a second, a dark body floated by him in tho water. Jack was' a splendid swimmer, nnd ho at onco junfpod in to sava tlio drowning person. Ho found tho stream very strong, bnt, carefully striking Out with it, ho was soon ablo to reach the drowning man, who was wildly clutching at tho stieks that wcro careering on tha water, and caught him by tho lioir. Tho drowning man, howovcr;- mado wild attampts'to catch hold of Jack ; and it needed all tha Iattcr'a ingenuity to provont this, or, oi course, it would havo scaled tho doom oi both. Getting into a by current, Jaok managed to reach tho boat. Whon lie hauled his flotsam on tlio batik ho discovered ho had saved nono other than his own father— tlio great Bunakum. Not muoh damage had been dono, as tho clothes of each bad rather benefitted by im mersion. "Hallo, old man, is that yon?" said Jack. "Yes, it's mo," said Bunakum, disgorging somo water, and indulging in a general shako. "I was crossing tha bridgo whon it broko down. Tho commissioner, knowing I wns going to cross, no doubt, had it sawn in two." "Now, tclUhc truth," said Jaok. " Wasn't yon gono?" " No, Jack," replied Bunaknm. " Nothing crossed my lips this day, except a drop of brandy I took when I won speaking at tho Garryowen. Jack you've saved your father, and I'll do great things for you. I'm to ba manngcr of tlio new paper, my boy." "And, general rum drinker," said Jaok, very nniiatifnlly. "But, look hero, old man, don't yon talk to me. I'm almost sorry I dragged you ont. It was elenr wasto of time. I bcllcvo such as you are better out oi tho world. Look hero I Wlmt have you dono to my mother?" " What lins sho dono to mo?" said Bunakum, "Alter I'd kept her decently for years, didn't sho—" "Shut up I" eriod Jack, In a voice that struck terror into tho soul of Bunakum. "Haven't yon rnlnod her? She, who kept your Sntiont. She, who wns on angel to both of us. ho would liavo starred for you. And I, laxy hnlk that I am, I even lived on her earnings. Oh 1 I feel as if I could jump into tlio gully and drown myself, when I think of it. But, I'll bo different after this, I'll keep her com fortable. And don't yon show your ugly face round,, nor camo palavering about. I'm ashamed to think you're my fnthor. And, when such as mo's ashamed, things are very crookod. Clear out." And Jack walked away, his heart filled with loathing. "Don't go liko that, Jack?" said Buna knm, in a whining tone. " Don't leavo your poor father shivering here. You haven't lialf- a-crown about you ? I'm dying for something to ntop tho thirst." . "Plonty of wator in tho creok," retorted Jack, withont looking round. . " You'd bottor look after your mother,'! said Bnnakum, with a sneer. "If she carries/on tho way sho is going, Hoctor Macinnis '11 settle her, my fino boy." "Ho had better leave her atone," said Jack, shutting his teeth firmly. - . t "What an undutifnl child," said Bunolrarii; "to' 'lcavo mo, as is his own father— mo, as roared him and worked for him I" " Whntr are you doing thoro. old blowhard?" \- said a voico ; and Banakum beheld ono of his confreres, "Dying," solemnly replied tha vctoran. 11 Dying. And my own son wouldn't bury mo," nor revenge my death on' tho fell tyrant who oaused the bridgo to bo broken." " Dyin' isn't pleasant just now," said tho digger. "Hadn't you better get up and havo amp?" "Thank you, kind friend," said Bunaknm, getting up with oorisidorablo nlaority. ' " Bopro- sentativo of tho goneious riicn of Grit, you haven't any small change abont you? I must got now clothes," ' ' "I havo nothing smaller than osovoreign." "That will do," said Banakum, pockoting tho coin. I'll pay you back in tho.morning." ' And the two mado off to tho nearest hotel; \- Jaok httil dragged Bunaknm out on tho main -street, so that lio was soparatcd irom his homo/ But ho. did not caro for that; ho did not. desire to go homo that night. Ho would- return when tha bright sun oi another day had rison in tho heavens, and his mothor would have -recovered. Then all would be well. He - began', to settle in hia mind how to riot in future. .'Ho would' tako up a claim with ono of his mates, mako monoy, would havo a nice place for his ihothcr, qntl no doubt,, a fortune in timo. Then ho wouldgo down and' Uyo in Molbourne, arid become a great gcntlc- mrin; | Ho would triumph ovor young Obadinh, Sweeteomfort, and break liis head at parting.' Wouldn't' he astonish all his acquaintances, and mako :thcm respect' his . mothor. And, porliaps hii would ask-Bcrtha to bcconio his wife;' although at tho timo, Jaok had no very olear ideas as to wlmt getting married entailed. At1 all events; ho woiild not quarrel with her; — they ! would live o happy life.1 ;. Poor' dreairierl Littlo oan'st.thou forcsdo what tho iuture Ihoa .tlunkest'Bo pleasant will 'boi- But' do ivo not rill dream, 'as Jaok did? And is it not well that wo should? Is it not a moroy 'that tho dark clouds of tlio .future are hidden fron\ viow by a 'silver veil of our own' weaving? ' . > ' ; ' " Blow pass our days ' In chUilhoed. And the lioura of light are loug Betwixt tho morn iriul bvo." With swifter lapse Thav riido in. mniihnnd! nu<l in acta tlmv.flv. Till dnyii mul aonsons flit before tlio mlml, . / As flit tho snoiYitakcH in a winter's storm — Scen rnthcr than distlugulslicd." , ' . ... ,'YEternAUoYO doth kcop (In lilowmIacentnrnis/tliQ earth, tho air, tlio deep.!. ;j v CHAPTER ;Vm. ' ' ' Jack iqurnoyed on to his favodrito hill of Grit. Tlioro lio jgazed upon; tho panorama that tho moon revealed— tho lights and fihadowar-nnd heard tho distant flound of ruflliino Waters. Young as li'o yas, camo tlio rememhcranco of n' few years baok, when this plnco was all in Holitudo— when a forest covered the hiUs of- Grit, and the only living beings -wero Bqrtha and himself, and their dogS and flocks of 1 sheop. "What' change would ho sco hero in another fow years ? Ho wns too uneducated tb" apply tho words of Bryant to tho fioohq-"" ' ' "Tlio clouds ! Bwocp Over with tho shadows, niid beneath Tho surfneo rolls and flnctuntes to tho cjje. ' Bark hollows seen to glide along and olinso i.i i Tho moonlit ridges.'! . << Sitting again bonoqth.hls favorite trcoj Jnok uvuTUijj , uiuuuin Ul IUU IUbUTUfl Gradually tho, sccno began to fade. His eyes, dosed in. sloop;. and, leaning against tho tree,, ho slumbered peacefully, notwithstanding his .wot. clothes. Blessed sloop! Thou cora'st unbidden to. tho young, but flco'st from tho aged and oaroworn, though wooed on beds of -down! ... Sleeping pp&oefuUy;, in tho nlmdow of tho treq, unconscious of pain opd Borrow, Jaok hooded not tho, change that camo over nature, . Tho clouds passed away, and tho moon sliono bright and clear in tho intensely bluo sky. Pcaco fell, whoro thoro had beonBuoh wild comuio tion— pcaco liko. that of eternity 1 This Bleep nt flpit was a perfect blank, No Images fitted aoross liia brain. Iut gradually tlioro appeared as if thoro wero an intonsoly black veil in front of him, which was lifted now and then, roveallng hia .mother's agony- stricken ;faco. ; Then tho voil .was. slowly, lifted, tlio' sad faco faded away, and tlio land- ,t Jcapo remained just as it was cro tho great gflood" of humanity had changed its fair features. ' His flock vas feeding by his side, and Spot' snapping at tho flics as of old. There' .was no nun, however ; only a golden light appeared to como from tho cast. Was it dawn ? It must be. Dawn over was of that delicious, glorious, golden tint. In expectancy ho looked towards the cast, and his glanca was rewarded by the appeatdnco of a beautiful face— from whcnco camo- tho golden aureola. Bright amber hair fell down from tho fast emerging head, like tho glory around a saint. Slowly tlio flguro rose until it assumed tho form of a beautiful female, clad in gossamer gold, with pearls and diamonds sparkling liko stars in her vesture. Then the flguro giidod to his side, and, hovering near hiui, smiled sweetly. Who wns this beautiful, but awful being? Ho had never seen aught human that rcRomblcd her. jBertlin was beautiful; but this being was too tplritucHc to bo of this this world. Ho felt awu-strickcn in her pre sence. Who must bo ono of tho angels his mother spoko of sometimes. She npoko not, but lightly touched tha ground beneath his feet. It slowly opened until n great Assure, oxtonding, it seemed to liim, for miles, resulted. Then lio saw thnt in tho ccntro of this thcro was a wall of whito rock. He had seen a suhstnnca like it, nnd remembered thepniners called it quartz. Tho strnngo being touched it, and nt onco thcro issued from it streams ofvgolden'light. By that light ho saw streaks of gold permeating tho lovely whito stone. There wcrb also Bpccs of a bright bluo metal, which lie did not know. Then a voico camo from .the bcnutifnl unknown— a voice rippling with music. ' Yours— tho shining reef. Remember." Tho vision faded fast from his view, and was followed by a dead blank, succeeded by a gloom so intenso that it pained his eyes. A great horror, a fearful chill, camo upon him, as ho gazed into tho ebon darkness. In this, as if illuminated by a lurid light, appeared tha face, of his mother, now livid and (lis tortcd, nnd gnzing upon him as if striving to speak. He sirovo to wako himself. A terrible shriek appeared to echo through tho air, and Tho moon wa3 shining peacefully on tho quiet sccno; tho roarot the watersliad sub sided, and there was peace. What was this? Spot, whom ha lmd left at home, stood near him, whining nnd scratching with his feet, and licking his hands. Somothing was wrong. Tho dog gavo a short, joyous bark when his master awoke ; and prepared at onco to go. Jack rubbod his eyes, and got up. Ho felt somewhat stiff, soro, and cold. Ho thought, ; therefore, tho best thing would bo to go homo. Yet, as ho went down tho hill, ho could not but think of tho Rtrango dream ho had had. Ho looked carefully at tho ground, nnd saw that it was exactly in its usual condition. He could hot help smiling at his own slrango fancies. ' CHAPTER IX. Jack walked down to tho valley. Tho flood.fcftfl now completely subsided. The flat' wasi sloppy and; wot, it is truo; but. nature had been so. completely revived that these slight disadvantages wero compensated by tho generally improved appearance of every thing in the soft -light of tho moon. 'Jack felt littlo inclination to go to sleep now ; the air was so pure and buoyant, that it infused fresh life into him. But Spot's eager wjunes attraotcd bis attention, and oaused bim to Wonder.. Had anything wrong taken place at - homo? . . , ; v , i What did tho, dumb animal mean- by his half-human appeals? Jack, in response to his eager, looks, crossed the crook, and wont to tho tqnt whioh ho called home. There Spot bccamo greatly excited, wagged his tail, jumped on his master, and uttered sundry sharp, angry barks. The door of tlio. tont was open, and , the. moon shono into it. : The boy looked, ond saw; his mother lying asloop in tho s&mo; placa whero ho had left her; In the moonlight , her faco looked terribly ghastly, and - Jack turned away, with a shuddor. ,; AVhat good would it do hini.to enter and awaken her. Ho turned away, anxious to spare himself tho tortnro ho knew would result,, and walked up the township, whioh was now .wrapped in slumber, regard less . of the demonstrations of Spot, who appeared to havo absolutely lost his sonsjjs. . "Got out, you old. fool," said Jack, thrust- iny tho dog away from him. u You'vo got tho distomper, I Hunk. 111 givo you such a hammering as you novcr. had, except on that this .way." . , . Spot slunk, away behind, in a very melan choly mood > no doubt arguing in his. simple mind that ho was laboring under a dolusion, and'fhat his master was .right. Just as Jaok . was walking past the Garry owen, Spot gavo. a. spiteful bark, and rushed upon a man who had omerged from that hostelry, accompanied by another. . Jaok saw it was Bunakum.. Ho stared at him with great surprise. Tho man absolutely looked white with: terror, and .gazed on him .as if horror-stricken. Jack sot it down -to' fear of tho dog. . ... "Shut up, Spot!" ho cried. "Don't , you know him ? Ho deserves barking at ; but you'd better lcavo; him alone. "Why, you. needn't bo frightened of Spot." "Is that you, Jack?" said Buuakum, in. a tremulous .voico, which, of courso, his son set .down to drink.: " Keep youn dog- off, will you? Iio'smad." Behind Bunakum wero two men whom jaok rccogniscdroB. Hector. Maoinuin and tho district, coroner— a gentleman, who sought Bacchus to enable him to diachargo ; his Rhadamantlican duties. Dr. Rouso was ono of. tho greatest lotu vivants and most unjust judges ju tho world. An invitation to drink would suffice to turn tho scales of j-ustico with him at any moment. ' But Jade paid littlo attention to him. Tho aspeot of Hector was a ca»ofor more surprise. That ; mail was equally palo an: Bunakum. Jaok wondored what all this meant. All; tho timo Spot kopt snarling and sniffing around, liko a demented animal. . , - " Got, out of that, you young rascal I" cried Dr. Rouse, lifting luHc(jnQ, ".or I'll havo 'you committed as a night prowler and vagabond." "Prowling round, to see what ho can lay liold- of, no doubt," said Hcotor, "All. these boys ought to be taken up.!' iI declare tho cold's got completely into me," said Bunakum. " I can't flunk of going homo." (Where that homo was, no, ono know) . M Let's go in again, and havo something to put life into us." 1CS| yiia i DUiUMvu(ui)Uutnuuij'i t YYUVUU liavo a quiet gamo ot euojito till daybreak." . " Hurrah I" said Dr. Kouso. Just tho thing. I don't sco tho good of going to bed to-night." ; > And tho trio turned 'bnclc into tho Garry owen, whoro tlio sleepy landlord, was still dis pensing elixir vlhe to thoso oi hia customers who had not succumbed. t Jack walked up to tho end ot tho strcoj, and then tumod to go homo. Tlio east was already showing signs of tho dawn— brighten ing, not with tlio glorious, gojdon effulgcnco ho had scon in his dream, but with a cold grey light that mado 0110 shiver, . , Dawn on Gritty Gnlly, ' Achilly.light, growing stronger and stronger, filled tlio eastern sky; nnd tho moon began to palo, gradually,' while tho taw. stars that wcro. still visibla glimmered ; faintly., : Shreds ot : olouds flitted across tho sky, changed; as thoy ncarcd tho light of dawn, into a sombre gray. Beneath was tho damp earth— its' outlines shadowed in tho orosslights of tho cast and tho west. ' Already, tho birds wore preparing to catoh tho early worm; tho laughing jackass uttered his discordant ou-bu-ca-coo-coo-coo ; and tho magpio filled tho .woods with his musical trill; while tho smaller birds twittered and shook ' off tho damp. Here and there a stray bat, or mopokc, that had kopt lato hours, fluttered uneasily, anxious to get back to its holoinsomotrco; but, liko biped revollcrs who stay out into, their oyesight was at fault, and thus had to seek a resting-place wherever thoy could. In tho grey light of tho dawn Jack sought his home. Tha locality was very, quiot. Not a soul was stirring. Evon tho dogs lay aBlcop in front of tho tents. Jack entered qnietlpr; but tho first glanca at his mother made him start back horror strioken. Ho bad novcr seen any tiling liko this belorc. Her face was. purplo nnd distorted — contracted, — and tho eyes stared out in a fearful manner. She was lying on tho sola, liar clothes disordered, and her limbs drawn up as though in terrible agony. IVbat was it ? Dkatii 1 lie know it. Ho had novcr seen n dead body; but tho awful faco bcforo'birii told too powerfully oi tho great enemy. Death — ft horriblo death I Her hands were clenched firmly; -her form drawn, up as it a great struggle had taken placo when life was departing. . Tho boy gazed on tlio still form of his mothor until his eyes rivalled thoso of tha dead, Htnrting'with horror. Then, with a great cry, ho rashod out, and, opening tlio door of tho next tent, cried out : " Mother's dead L. Mother's dead I" Two young men Wire sleeping together in n rudo beil mado of leaves and gross. Thoy turned round sleepily; and one, with an expletive, asked what won tho matter. " Mothor 1 Mother I" Baiil tho terrified boy. " Why, Jack, is that you ?" cried ono of tho young fellows, sitting up in bed. " What's tlio matter 7 You look liko a ghost." " 0 ! Mother, mother I" cried Jack, recog nising in tho speaker tha young fellow who hail so kindly niuiiitcd him to separata tho flookri nn tlin dnv thov hnd ont hntnl. " Mother's ileail 1 Mother's dead 1" In his excitement ho lmd entirely forgotten that tiio young fellow had been his neighbour (or somo time. . In tha condition of his mind now, it is impossible to doseribo tho feeling of relief ho experienced when ha recollected this, nnd found a friend so near. " Dead I" said tho young man. " Why, I saw her last ovening, all right. "Foor, Jock I" bo continued, gazing npon tbo boy with compassion ; " Your troubles havo como early. Got up, sleepyhead, can't you ? Hero's something dreadful taken place." Tito other youth turned round sleepily. " Bother you, old clium. Don't wako mo. I was in such a lino sleep, and dreaming I'd made £10,000." Springing up, tho young man who had compassionated Jack, jumped into his olothes and accompanied the boy to his tent! Tha other yonth, after looking ronnil sleepily, turned around and wont into tbo land , of dreams. ' ' Tho young man looked carefully, at tho corpse. Going up oloso to it ho, too, soemod horrified.. Ho camo baok to Jaok, and; taking liis arm, said, in a low, torrifiod voico : > " Jaok, your mothor has boon murdered. On her ncok nro the distinct marks of forir fingers arid a thumb. Sho has been choked to death I" ... / : OHAPTEB X. '-V; 'Tis only a worthless weight'of clay, From wliloli lifo's spark -has passed away. , Mingla it with its uativo dust," .- . From light and moriiory cvor thrust. ' - Stay I' Though a thousand miles below V Tho cofiln iiud its inmnto go, ' 1 Tito memory of tho child'of woo, 1 \Yi!l liugor like tho fight of day, Till wa ua woll shall pass away.- - , - When ovonlng comes, and weary .caro < ' .- - A momont disappears, V Her face will liauut us sfill, and wear Tho smilo of other years. . The sun had barely 'had, timo to liavo a good look at Gritty Gully, nnd to noto its altored appearance, when (groups began to collect around,.thp..tant whore tho ghastly corpso of poor Janet lay. Aftar nil that has been said and written of the lawlcssnossof the timo about which wo write, orimo was really rare. A better' class of men had oomo to tho Victorian goltl-flolds, than tho wild desperadoes who had invaded tho goldori land oi California. ' Thoso who havo lived on tho early gold-fields, iuted by gentlemen who would mako it appear that thoy passed through wondrous adventures. To a great dogree, iu thoso times, tho diggers wore tho piek oi every country. Yonng and handsomo honest fellows, with tha lessoris of their mothers ! still strong in their minds, intont only on amassing a competency with which to mako tlio last days of thoir parents ooBy , or to onablo tliem to wild somo dearly- beloved ono in - distant lands, wore In tlio majority., Tho'1 moan, tho dopraved, wore not to bo found. Fooplo wore so lavish with what thoy earned that tho incentives to crime wore fow, and poverty : was unknown. Gambling there was, arid immorality ; but neither oi theso vices over reached tlio height thoy did in California, as tho soil was not suited to them. Indeed a desperado, "or ".Callorhidn," (was soon hunted off a diggings— the majority of tho peoiilo zealously, guarded against > tho admission of black shcop. : ! ' Tho occurrenco, therefore, of a murder in thd community; of Grit, was something so uiiusual, so fraught with interest, ' tliat it seemed as if no. ono would do a stroke of work that day. Tho bnrs wore crowded early ; and tho hbtelkeopers smiled as thoy refloated on tlio probabihty of a Bplcndid business, Tho diggers, liko all liard workers, liked n holiday;' and took every occasion to havo ono. . What better chance than this, whon two' great events followed, each other so qaiokly — a flood and a murder. ' . ' Pcoplo talked in whispers about tho horrid deed. Thoy said all sorts of strange things, nnd many of them hinted that thoy -knew a lot about tho matter. On boingolosoly pressod thoy, with oominendnblo \viadoro, dcolarcd it would not do to tell. A timolwould come, ikoi, &o.; -.1. Thcro lay tho last ot poor Janot, stark In tho growing sunlight ; tlio eyes that wcro wont to beam with joy gleaming . Ajith- unearthly light ; tha hands, generally, busy at that hour, olutohcd togothor, novcr to-opon. Mori looked in upon tho dead faco, and than withdraw tlicir gazo with a dread ahuildor. Two police men kept guard, 'and excited tho commisora- tiuu oi ,i>iiu tiiutru uu AJiuu uuciuuo uuu uin- agrcoablo tank to such an extent that bottles, containing something- stronger than water, Wcro lilted to their lips ovcry fow minutes. Amongst tlio crowd was. tho Irishwoman who had so warmly taken poor Janet's part tho day boforei.and this worthy lady, fore most in giving vcfrcslyncnt to tho policemen, was loud in her1 denunciations of Bnnakuin, whom sho doclared'tobothocauso of every thing, regretting forcibly that tho', flood had not oarrlod him with it tho night , before. Slio hinted (hat ho could liavo boon better Bporod, than, , sundry tonts, oradlos,' and Hi- luralap llvo stock— her property — which had been carridil dqwn tho gully during th night;' And with: lior tho majority; of 'tlio nudlonco agreed, although a fcw.stuck up for the mpn of many , words, stating thnt liis- fallings wore of tho; head, not of tho heart ; and. to which tlio Irishwoman replied tlint that was not to bo. wondered at, aa ho possessed nothing tq -::r : spoak of in tha way of tho latter. ; , What hnd bccomo of Jack ? Tho poor boy, who had at onco boon raised to a position oi importanco by beiiig connccted with' tho mys- ' tcry of tlio' night, wns 'immediately taken in hand by boncyolont persons who diiBired to obtain every pnrticular'iibout'thd tcrribla oc currence. Two gentlemeri , who were corres pondents of Melfaourno papers, lit onco mado a sot nt -him, and, utterly ignoring the boy's feelings, proceeded to extract information, overy lino of which wrung his heart. His captors soon succeeded in gotting him into the Garry Owen, whoro ho was at once: plied with "comforts," muoh against his' will. Hero ho had to retail, ovor and over again,, all ho know. This, in some measure, sorvoil to distract liis grief. After all, hoys are mightily planned by anything that raises them into importance. . Bat, about breakfast time, when from in numerable tont.flrcs arose tho smoko of sac rifices to tho. gods , of tea and coffee and mutton ohopa, Gritty. Gully had been thrilled to tho core. Tho murderers had been found 1 i(To be continued.) 