A Remarkable Seance. gHAKTTCG HANDS WITH GHOSTS. ('?Mr. E. Cyril Haviland, of this city, who has lately (been on a visit to Melbourne, and who was present at tone of the ?spiritualistic' seances*' given .^ay the cele-. fbrated meditun Spriggs, Cowards -us the following (account of his experiences ; — ? .: ! From the manner in which you allow people pf jell opinions to express themselves in vour columns, Tftrust't'h.o following account, the veracity of which I iam prepared to maJce oatn to, may ds penniEcea. space in your ver7 widely read journal. Some of ?your readers, doubtless, hare already heard of the materialising circle ' which meet twice a week in a iroom at the back of Mr. Terry's shop, 84, Eussell iistreet, Melbourne, and without discussing the why ior wherefore of the facts, I shall simply state what I !witnessed myself at a sitting on Friday, the '3rd in .jetant, in that room. Merely premising that I know the room well, and have been in it ntunberless times, and that just before ?the ' Bitting' I examined it thoroughly, taking 'a.p ithe coir matting to Eee there were no trap-doors, and. -fvnrlTn«T neither these nor holos in the solid walls, nor (Cellar under the room, nor opening of any kind, ex jcept the usual window end door, which were not jaccessible to the medium without our knowledge, and :fnrfhnr lirnmisiiifj' that of the seven sitters (three [ladies and four gentlemen, including myself) none were jSncapable of applying tests, I shall proceed to relate (what took place between the hours of half- past seven (and ten, a candle burning in the room all the time in {the niche of the mantelpiece. We took our seats at 7.30 p.m. in a semi-circle, the knedium, Sir. Spriggs, sitting near me. Presently he i'was ' controlled' by a spirit (Indian), known as ?Bwiftwater, who/ spoke in broken English, and was jintroduccd to me* (as I was the only stranger present), j and then he walked the medium behind a curtain that lliangs across the comer of the room, round whiehswe (eat. The curtain (red rep) was then drawn, the Bnedium beunr behind it, and -is I have before stated, it i was impossible anyi'raud cauldhave been practised, for -4here were no exits or entrances except the window j«nd door, and neither of these were accessible with iout discovery. After the lapse of a f ew minutes a voice was heard ispeaking to us, apparently above tha medium, asking (who I was, and stating vro should have good manifes tations and then suddei^iv tlia voice ceased, tlie ?curtain was drawn to one side and there stood a figure. ;dressed in white, with a rod sash, round his waist, ibar© leg's and feet. This form measured himself in imy presence at a measuring apparatus, and his re gistered height was 5i't Siin. His jiume is Zion 'Krupp. Presently he went behind tka curtain and 'there was a sound similar to that caused by gas escap iing out of a bag, a long low whisile, and in a few minutes the second figure appeared. He is knowiias ' Peter ' and is tiie same epii-itas that coining through ;Mr. C. E. ?Williams, of Lonacn. Peter Miook hands with 'mo as well as with the other sitteis, ami seemed quits lat homo with us. He measured iiimssii' and regis .tered oft 1-iin. Ho picked up some looso flowers that ]had been brought into the room and prkk^d his hand with a rose thorn. Then, picking out iktfc piece, he handed it to me, F-avin.^ ''Hare, ilu,vilj.^d, squtoze ?tfcat.' Peter W£3 with us. a tangible solid body, as ?much like flesh and blood .is I aw, i'uiiy 10 minutei, 'and then lie too went behhid the cm-tain, and disap peared. I ought to mention that ssveral times the medium ,was shown to ine by tho materialised .spirit lifting up ithe curtain, and I' distinctly saw him sitting in his i chair quite unconsy;ous. that is, in trance. ' Geordie,' of wl: na I iiava a photograph taken in daylight in Lcntlon i.jn-o!:gh tho medhiicslup of JEss 2?airland was th'3 next to come. With the exception of a very low ' G.;cd evening,' Geordie didnot spaak, but lie shook hands with me, rubbed niy hand over his face, put his face so close to me our noses almost 'touched, motioned for tlae caudle to bo brought out of ,the recess, and thus stood beside me in full light, measured himself (5ft 4iu';, picked up a jneee of rock, weighing- 14ylb, with one hand, and tossed it to me, and then ho went to the writing desk and wrote me a letter, which I have now got in my possession, and in various other ways spent quits 20 minutes with us. One j^ontleinaa present said that Mr. Harrison, of London, had published a state ?mentthatin 'materialisations' the spirits wore masks and to disprove this, Geordie earns ever to me, and 'j'wiih Ms face within. two indies of mine, distinctly -moved his eyes, eyebrows, mouth, .and other fea tures. After Geordie came, Itlrs. Cobha-m' but nothing of iciiy particular interest occurred either through her ior through two other female friends following' her, ' ' Tho Nun ' and 'Charity.,' the last-named being a ?beaTjtiful girl of apparently 19 or 20, with long black 'curls. Then followed a child, 'Lily,' whose aunt sat ;next me at the sitting. Lily spoke to and was reeog iaised by her aunt, but scorned shy of me (a stranger), lily's height is 3ft liin. r After Lily came 'John 'Wright,' but he did not rEtay lon.g ; and then we had further manifestations in [ihe 'direct voice,' that is, spirits speaking diject 'and not through tlie organism of the medium. .1 was informed of friends and relatives standing near me and their names given, although they were unknown i to all present. I have now to state that the medium's height is -5ft ;-5|in, and that none of the figures resembled 3iim in the slightest, to finish the record of one of the most remarkable seances I have witnessed, s-ud if it will satisfy anyone of tho truth of my statement I am ,ready to take this letter before a magistrate and jewear to it. Sydney, 15th February. 