CRUMBS. Have you soen tho ghost ? Complete chango in the weather at Melbourne. Fc ur horess burnt to doath in a stabiu at Collingwood, Victoria. Echuca bacholors intend to remain single till the weather changes. One hundred persons vaccinated from animal lymph in Molbourno on Saturday, last. Mr. Julian Salomons, Q.C., got 1000 ? p ? n _ n ? i. a ? guineas irom ulu ixovuriiiuuiirj jur jlh& Milburn Creek report. The Hon. John Sutherland suvs he loft the Lower House because of the impure politics in the country. Mr. E. O. Lindsey is the successful tenderer for the cottage to be built on the Roman Catholic church ground. Tho foundation stone of the first Lutheran Church to be. erected in Sydney was laid in North Goulburn-street last week. Seventy cases set down for trial at the January sittings of the Metropolitan Quarter Sessions, commenced m Sydney on Monday last. William Canoll, a blacksmith, in the emply of Messrs. Amos, on the railway extension near Dubb-, dit-d from the effects of excessive heat. \ Larrikinjssm is becoming bad enough in CootamundEa. ? ^Sunday night last was rendered hideous by :he shouts and yells of some prowling blackguards. Several thousand pounds worth of property destroyed by a bush fire in the Lancefield district, Victoiia. The dividing range for about twenty miles was wrapped in flames. . Dan. O'Connor says if people in England were to act in political matters in the way the people of New South Wales do, they would be considered lower than the South Sea Islanders Mr. IcSWsend watchmaker (of Qnfi^ofcy.the best Jpns oT%|midonJejtie*t»^ aud wiyjroe gladJ^-ftl^SSyrepairs mL watches and ck*ck§^--3Ieis stopjjfri^at t]jp Royal Hotel. The Earl of Mount- Cashel is about to enter into the bonds of marriage in his 90th year. It would be a pardonable mistake if the clergyman read the burial service instead of that for marriage. [ John Devine committed to take his trial on 17th February. He wantonly rode among I a lot of horses that were racing at Dubbo, on 26th January, whereby Thomas James Fanning received inj aries which caused his death. ' Sweet sixteen' must now take a back seat, as the Americans say. The aesthetics declare that the quite too-too age of quiver ing sensibility and sudden sympathy is two-and-twenty. It is impossible, they say, to be ' utterly utter' that age. 'I remembor,' said Brewer, 'I re member two young men who used to board at my house — they are both dead now.' The crowd broke into a meaning smile, and Brewer wondered why they didn't wait for the funny part of the story to come. Mean folks in this worid ! There are ! A West End father asked his son if he felt too tired or lame to go to the circus, and when the boy said ' no,' told him to go and bring up a scuttle of coal and the boy couldn't say he wasn't able. ' Yes,' said a witness, ' I remember the defendant's mother crying on the occasion referred to. She was weeping with her loft eye — the only one she has — the tears were runuing down her right cheek.' ' What !'' exclaimed the judge, ' how could that be ?' 'Please, your honour,' said the witness, ' she was awfully cross-eyed.' A larrikin last Sunday night landed _ a stone on the roof of a house in town, while the occupants of the house were seated in a dark corner- on the .verandah,, and saw all that was going on. That larrikin will no doubt accidentally fall in the way of the householder one of these days; and if he does, two minutes afterwards his mother won't know him. It is notified by the Railway department that, in consequence of the destruction of the station and refreshment rooms at Junee Junction by fire, tho mail train will, until farther notice, stop the usual time allowed for refreshments at Wagga Wagga, and the down train will, therefore, leave Jui.iee Junction twenty-five minutes earlier, and the up train arrive twenty minutes later than usual. A real live ghost appeared in town close to the Cootamundra Hotel at 5 o'clock on Wednesday morning last. Queen - Anne white skull cap, while unmentionables down to the knees, and open in front, and- gaiters, was the stvle of dress. It was engaged for some time playfully tapping its nether end with a stick, and then after covering its nakedness it stalked majestically into the hotel, the door appearing to swing open on its hinges as the ghost approached, a kind of open sesame. Its fanciful occupaticn with the stick leads to the belief that it was of aesthetic tastes, and the sight was decidedly j 4 ' utterly utter,' as- the Yank would say. The S. M. Herald learns by cable from its San Francisco correspondent that Sir Henry Parkes, Premier of New' South Wales, ^ is receiving much attention from the leading public men of that city. He has visited and inspected several public works, and has had fully explained to him the mode- of working the wire tramway system, in whioh he appeared to take great interest in view of the requirements of New South Wales in the shape of tramways. Sir Henry was also present at a special parade of the San Francisco Fire Brigade. The organization of the fire department was explained to him. Sir Henry Parkes and Miss Parkes have both much improved in health during the voyage. Sir Henry proceeds to Sacramento oity, where ho will be the guest of the Governor of the State. After, a stay of a day' or two I thero, ho will go on to New York. ? ' ¥ 