gPtratart. STORY OF A SIN. IBy the Anther of ' Comitf iknf the Rye. BOOK H.— REAPED. Chapter VI. On eagle's wings immortal scandals fly, Wiiilc virtuous actions are but born to die. During the week that elapsed between the introduction of Frank to his consti tuents by the Duke and his subsequent return for the county it was Lady Sophia's opinion that Mr. Eyre's scandalous flirta tion with the Duchess bid fair to thiow bis wife into the arms of her former lover. Mr. Eyre would not leave the Duke till Frank's interests were safe, and Madcap must fret a little longer for a sight of her children, though the ride to Lovel that Frank took each second day to bring her news ot them enabled her to bear her banishment pretty well, and make her companionship with the young fellow more close. Bat those who saw and heard him de liver hie address under the Duke's auspices at Marmiton would never afterwards believe a word against him; his manly, straightforward speech, in which his sins seemed to have slipped his recollection, his charming loots, that combined freshness, delicacy, and strength in an extreme degree, won all hearts; and although the balcony on which he stood almost faced the gaol, with its recent painful recollections, a cheer went up from the crowd when he ceased speaking that stood earnest for his subse quent success. Mr. Eyre said ' Thank God !' when the young fellow stepped back into the raom where he was, and Madcap took his hand and said, ' God bleBB you !' and no thought of Hester just then crossing his mind perhaps he ventured to look forward with hope to that honorable life from which his own act had seemed to sever him so com pletely. But when th« election was over, and they had returned to Love?, Frank's new brightness was clouded by perceiving the return in Mr. Eyre of all the symptoms that bad previously so alarmed him. Madcap, being once more in the company of Let children, happy, too, in her friend ship with Frank, who came and went in the house as he chose, d5d not eeem to ob ssrve how Mr. Eyre each day shrouded himself more and more against companion ship, how he would often speak and move like a man in a dream ; though at times he would eeem inspired with those violent spirits that by some are looked upon as the forerunner of death or disaster. lie rarely visited the Duchess, but though his manner towards her showed no change, gradually the conclusion forced itself upon her that he had but used her as a tool to serve the intereets of his friend; though even then the longing to see him was no intense that she would frequently drive over to visit Madcap, in whom each day her jealous eyes discovered a thousand charms that had formerly escaped her. But on those occasions Mr. Eyre waa never visible *, he seemed to dislike seeing Madcap and the Duchess in each other's company, though he made every opportunity of throwing Madcap and Frank together, so that he was as much blamed in the one affair as he was censured in the other, and was rapidly losicj: the character that for more than half-a- dozen years he had been steadily building up. And meanwhile the season stole onward, the corn lay in golden seas beneath the August sun, and the farmers wiped the sweat from their brows and praised God for the weather; and the reapers looked each one to his sickle, and thought of the wife and little ones who would be left un provided for if the sunstroke, which eeemed inevitable, struck him down. The storm-cock had not been heard for a month ; the harsh cry of the swift sounded like music in the ears of those who desired but fine weather for a few days longer to gather in that which bad taken so long to grow; the slaughter of the innocents, other wife that of the drones by the bees, was over, and the wild cherries had ripened and been eaten by unpampered village lips. The fools'-paralev had emerged to look forte brethren above ground, and gone tome again, not having learned much that was new; tie asphodel had come again, asking the old question that so few of us canawwer ; and the flying aste been re ceived with hatred and seen to depart with joy. In that ripe, still splendor of field and wood and aky there was a gorgeous solemnity, a superb hush, as though, having run its utmost limit of perfection, the hand of the dial now struck the hour in one grand j perfected note, then tamed to retrace its fteps, a little of tne wealth and life lessen irg with i.s every step, and growing greyer aid colder as it retreated. It was on one of these burning days that Frank met a pretty young woman walking in his wood, with two boys running beside her, and be stopped as usual to speak to herandtothem. ' He is coughing more than usual,' said Fxank, anxiously, as he lifted Dody, whose brilliant color was too beautiful for health. 'Ob, no,' said Josephine, with non chaku.ee ; *? it is no worse than usual, and I give him cough mixture always before he goes to his mamma. 8he is not to be worried — master has said so.' 'What is all this nonsense I hear as to an apparition at the Manor?' said Frank presently, when the children had run on ahead. 'Oh,' cried Josephine, crossing herself, *? it is the father of Monsieur who wanders always, trying to tell the secret of the house. It is said that they all struggle to eay it when they an dying, but never say it quite. Somebody will die soon, the house keeper says.' ' But who has seen it ?' cried Frank im patiently. 'All in the house save Monsieur and Madam, to whom no one has dared to speak a word on the subject,' declared Josephine. All had heard or seen something— a tall shape, that passed along the galleries like a chill wind an hour after midnight, seme times in darkness, sometimes with a light in its hands, that one and all swore to be Hue — coming and going in spite of locked doors and shuttered windows— a gruesome thing, that never appeared when watched for, and sometimes not for a week together, though when the watchers nodded it was sure to be heard, its mysterious footsteps tapping on the polished oak of the gallery that ran round the entire middle porcion of the house, which formed three sides of a square. The apaxfanents of Mr. and Mrs. Eyre were situated at one side, those of their children on the other ; the middle of the building consisted of apartments rarely used, while below them were the ordinary dwelling zooms of the family. Frank, as he listened to this story, thought what a clever actress this woman was, and wondered if she really thought to deceive him with the tale ; for of course she knew that the apparition was no other than Herter, who in her love for Dody would not content herself with seeing him by day only, hut obtained admission to him by night; and to screen herself from Mr. Eyre's displeasure (should he ever come to know of it) the story of the ghost had been set afloat by Josephine. 'A figure walks to and fro, but no one has courage to grapple with it,' he said, with a smile. ' And you admit no friends, Josephine? or if you do, are foolish enough to make them travel the whole length of the gallery before reaching you.' ' Monsieur !' she said, drawing herself up with no pretence at a blush, but with a play of feature that with a Frenchwoman does duty for shame, ' you insult me. To be imprudent is to commit a iault, but to commit such a betise as that would be a crime.' ' Hester Clarke is your friend,' he said quietly. ' Have you ever admitted her to the house on a visit either by day or by night?' Josephine faltered. ' By day,' she aaid ; ' in Mr. Eyre'fl absence; but never by night. Besides, the apparition was a man, as everybody knows !' Frank walked for a little way beside her, lost in thought. He knew that he could not depend upon Hester now ; since that shot tired by Mr. Eyre her mood had changed, and a strain of recklessness had shown iteelf in her character for which he was unprepared. She seemed to exult in her power over Mr. Eyre, and that inter view with Madcap being so long ago, that gentle influence over her had in a degree waned, and from a word or two dropped here and there Frank had reason to believe that she meditated a deed from which she foimerly would have shrunk. ?? He will kill me sooner or later if I re main here,' she had said to Frank one day ; 'and I will live — live for the child's sake, and there is only one way out of it ; and she has others to love, and there will be more — she might spare me that one.' Frank had not ventured to breathe his dread that Hester would eventually steal the child to any one. He dared not still further inflame Mr. Eyre's mind against her ; to speak to Madcap was out of the question; the utmost that he could do was to watch her, and to make an ally of Josephine. ' 1 should like to see this apparition,' said Frank, looking down,' and, if possible, without acquainting Mr. Eyre of my intention.' A look of intelligence flashed across the woman's face ; she began to understand. 'I should like,' said Frank, still thinking earnestly, 'to be hidden in some place where I might watch for and surprise it ; till I can do this I am bound to believe that you are in the secret.' Josephine's eyes sparkled; greediness takes an attractive form in the grisette, who looks charming and means money, yet stipulates for nothing, knowing that her interests are secured. ' It is quite simple,' she said. ' You shall watch for it any night you please, and ro one will know. My mistress sleeps soundly, dreaming of the children ; Mr. Eyre is all night below in his library ; it will be 3, 1, 5, before he will see his bed.'' ' When does the ghost walk ?' he said. '?Never two nights running, though we are too frightened to keep account. It has not now appeared for three days ; it may appear to-night.' 'To- night!' exclaimed Frank, at last convinced that Josephine was not in Hester's secrets. 'To-night,' said Josephine, her eyes meeting his. He divined the thoughts she dared not express. For a moment he sickf ned ; theD, remembering that in matters of moment it is safer to be in the hands of a knave than a fool, he controlled himself, hnd eaid, looking on her with eyes so clearly pure, so sternly honest, as to unsettle her tbcuib.18 — ' 1 shall obiain Mr. Eyre's permission firet ; meanwhile,' and lie gave her gold — ' you will say nothing to Airs. Clarke, and you will watch Dody, securing your door each oi^ht ; you will also be careful not to leave him alone with her for any length of time.' Josephine promised obedience, but all the vivacity had gone from her face. ' Ce jiauire /eu7ie fioiume,' she murmured, as he disappeared after the children ; ' si good, alas ! £o pood, and it comes so hard to him to be naughty ! Si bel — and nobody — not even a Josephine — to be the better for it !' Chapter VII. Our !if-- i- ''»t a iiil.^rimajr*' of W:i-ts, Anil cvfi-y l-la-t 'brings furtli -jl /-????; Ami cvory --«r a. death. The firet of September had arrived, and Irani-, who was entertaining no house party himself, had joined that of the Duke for a few days. Mr. Eyre ^having excused himself on the plea of his wife's health, in Frank's absence watched Madcap keenly, thinking that ehe drooped ; and this notion accord ing- with the fixed thought in bis mind made him assume still more towards her the protecting kindness of the middle-aged guardian rather than that devotion of the lover to which she had been accustomed. Madcap thought that his fancy had for saken her for the Duchess ; and if she did not fret or permit herself to show jealousy, it was only because that fine proud spirit within her would not endure him to see that she suffered, so that he thought her absorbed in her children, or happy with Frank, when in reality she was thinking of him. iJPj&IP;* a Frtok'- company was ^?fcA^fy ?ttt fa hw * *»P«»w-d youth that had always made her so bright a companion to her children— laughter and jests tbat may hnve no meaning to older ears are natural and easy to young spirits who look out upon life with clear eyes and unshadowed hearts, that meet happiness half way, and to whom the hueB of sun light are more natural than those of night. . A curious observer would have noted that Mr. Eyre constantly put Frank forward w- Perform those little acts of attention to which she was accustomed from himself, and Madcap's pride being touched, she took them willingly, and grew into the habit of looking to Frank on every occasion, and that too without any apparent disrespect towards her husband. Her health was so sound, and her spirits so good, that often Mr. Eyre would forget her situation, nor feel that it called for any special tenderness from himself. Indeed, it was his settled aim at this time to repress each impulse towards her as it arose, so that after a time the habit of coldness seemed fixed ; and a stranger seeing the two together might have supposed this proud reserved man to be bitterly repenting the folly that had joined him to the joyous girlish creature that he called wife. Per haps Dody was the only one who got a peep into her teal heart at that time, or saw the tears that never fell save when her arms were round him. Perhaps, too, he guessed the cause of them, for one day, as he kissed her eyes dry, he exclaimed triumphantly — '* -Poppy makes you cry, I make you Mr. Eyre would have Frank at his house at all hours, and the children must go to the Towers and fetch him if a day passed without his appearance; and often from his window Mr- Eyre would look out at these two young people, and the happy children, feeling himself as far away from, all four as though he inhabited another world. Frank understood little people, and loved them. The real bond between Madcap and himself was that intense love for Dody, which he had felt from the beginning, and mutual satisfaction in Dody's wise or tender speeches; and mutual anxiety as to that delicate chest would bring the chesnut and the yellow head so close together that a looker-on might easily have suspected lecrets between the two. But no twinge of healthy jealousy or pain moved Mr. Eyre ; a sullen apathy held him in its grip. If formerly he had struggled against fate, now he seemed passively to resign himself to it, or rather, having decided on his course, he permitted himself to drift with the current, feeling no stirring of love, sorrow, hate, or revenge, and even looking on Heater one day when she crossed his path in the village with an indifference that was not assumed. Frank breathed more freely, thinking that there was no longer anything to fear from Mr. Eyre's hatred of Hester, while she, herself was his best ally in preventing that interview with Madcap for which the latter longed. With that wicked purpose hidden in her heart, there was no woman on earth Hester so much dreaded meeting as Dody's mother. More than once Madcap had approached the children when they were with Hester, only to see the figure in black shrink hastily away out of sight, and often would fold Dody's arms, warm from Hester's neck, about her own ; while he would tell her how the black lady had been helping him to write a letter to ' mummy,' or she had been telling him a story all about the sea, and the shells beside it; to which he would add that he had told her, he could not go all that long way if ' mummy ' didn't go too. I suppose that such a thing as falling out of love with a person for no particular reason, just as one may suddenly tire of a food or an occupation that has satisfied one for years, is natural enough, sines change is the essence of creation, and it is only the stolid and stupid fools who go through life shutting their eyes and souls against the possibilities that meet them at every step, turning them now in the direc of good and now of evil. Unconsioualy to ourselves, little things — trifles even — may have been undermining a person in our regard, and one day we awaken with a shock to the knowledge that what we most valued has forfeited our regard; that by no conscious volition of our own he has been tried by a secret tribunal within us, and sentence passed upon him ; so that it ie a corpse only that occupies the place of the living object of our worship of yester day ; and deeply as we may regret it, pas sionately as we may seek to recall our tenderness for it, we cannot bring it back to life again, for love and it have died together. Madcap had not anived at this pass of condemnation of her husband, but she was a little out of taste with him and her married life — more keen than she had ever been to regent Mr. Eyre's disregard of that motherhood which Frank reverenced and appreciated so strongly ; and unconsciously she was drifting, not into apathy, but into a habit of considering her husband from a distance, and not as a real living entity beside her, that estranged them still further. The children occupied her day. There was no greater sign of the absence of jealousy in Mr. Eyre than the unrestricted companionship he now allowed, her with them. His evenings were spent in hia study, and scarcely had he fallen into his first troubled sleep at dawn, than she would be awake and running to the nursery, even breakfasting there hours before Mr. F.yre sat down to Ms lonely meal below. If sometimes her careless glance, as it flitted past him, caught something of the charge in his face, it nioved her more with ( the irritation of youth against a self-' centred, preoccupied man than with the pity that had formerly tlmlled it at any sign of anxiety in him, and the look, the word, which might have brought their hearts in unison, remained unspoken. Perhaps if he could have told a fairy tale as Frank did, with a curly head resting on each shoulder, or stooped to the ex quisite fooling that can alone make men and women the companions of children, Madcap might have forgiven his coldness towards herself. But what was the young fellow's charm, his strength to Madcap, showed in the light a weakness to Mr. Eyre. He chanced to be looking out of hia study window on the morning after Frank's return from the White House, and saw him cross the garden to where Madcap waa titticg with a morsel of work in her hand, acd the boys beside her learning to spell. And first Dcune threw down his book, and rusbirjg to tbe youug fellow got hold of his hand and ehook it man-fashion ; tlren Dody got Lis oibtr, and nui6t kiss his 'dear, beautiful Frank,' and so reach his shoulder ; then Madcap, all rosy with delight, ad» vanced and placed her little hand and tl imhle iu his unoccupied one, so that un consciously they made one of those mo3 beautiful pictures that the gazer may be permitted to thiik so much liner because it is r-ever painted. Mr. Eyre looked on con tented. This was as it should be, as he had willed it to be. While feeling the vital' forces decaying within him, he had resigned himself willingly to death, seeing happiness for Madcap, with Frank, in the futuie. In that curious sense of dual existence tbat had long possessed him he seemed at that moment, to be looking on at something that had been, or was about to be, no sense of outiage to himself piercing the insensi bility that enwrapped him; but Frank, catching sight of that face beyond, and as though a glance had power to dissolve the group, Madcap and the boys wera left behind, and the two men brought face to face. 'All well, Frank?' eaid Mr. Eyre, brought back to realitiea by the grip of the young fellow's hand. 'All well,' eaid Frank, with a sigh. ' The Duke bas duly whitewashed me, and I em accepted by tbe county. But what does it matter f '' ho added q uicbly . ' Mad cm- is out of eciiits, and you are looking ill.' 'I have not slept since yesterday,' said Mr. Eyre. « We will so out, and ym shall take us through your woods''— and he stepped through the open window with Frank beside him. He noted if he did not enquire into the blush with which Madcap met them, but as they took their way to the Towers a curious sense of unreality KKseesed him, and an odd idea occurred to his mind. He thought that he was dead, and that ttese two, whose happy voices and laughter sounded in hie ears like echoes fiom a distance, were alive.and he — all unseen— a spirit who kept pace beside them, and of whose presence they were ignorant as bis memory by them was for gotten. He seemed to walk on air, his head l'ght as his shadow cast before him — through a long, long arcade tbat had no end iop, and in which he was doomed to walk with these two who knew him not for ever, though even then he had a vague sense that he was asleep and dreaming over again something that had happened to him yesterday or the day before. Air, fcky, and earth were lulled to an ex quisite calm ; the very birds, cheated into the belief the spring had come again, poured out their songs as sweetly as in that brief time of love and happiness. It was the hour of tbe year's repose, the quiet folding of its bands as it sank peacefully to sleep, its preparations over, its fruits garnered in, lite one of those saintly lives whose evening is even more satisfying than its vigorous, stirring youth. Half way down the avenue Madcap paueed suddenly, as a sound like the regular blow ef the woodman's axe sounded in tbe distance. 'Hark!' she cried. 'You are cutting down these trees ?' and she turned to Frank with eyes of reproach. 'It is only the woodpecker,' he said. 'No,' he added in a lower tone, ' not one of these trees ever fell at my bidding — never shall as long as I live. There is something appalling, even blasphemous to me in the eight ef one of these grand old heads, that have weathered so many storms, crashing to earth at the bidding of man, not God. ' It is like a human life/' said Madcap, looking wistfully up at the interlaced boughs overhead. ' How much better to be struck down by a thunderbolt— the short, sudden pang quickly over, bearable because of the happiness and vigor lasting to the end— than to die gradually. First one's illusions, then hopes, then per haps love, then by -and-bve, youth and one's soul and heart drying up last of all.' Frank's eyes sank ; he supposed her to be thinking of Hester, but Mr. Eyre looked up, while Dody, struck by the word die, exclaimed — __ 'Don't die, mummy; don't die,' and clung with desperate fondness to her hand, while Doune passionately announced his in tention of killing any one who hurt her. ''You have overtired yourself,' ex claimed Frank, seeing how white she had suddenly gone, and as he spoke she stag gered slightly, and involuntarily putting out her hand, seized that of Mr. Eyre. It was like a stray clasp recalling a wan dering soul to earth. He took the hand, and drew it under his arm, looking down at her with a glance that made her steps still more uncertain as they traversed the remainder of the avenue. Job saw them approaching, and indulged in a pantomime that expressed intense hatred of something or somebody, though when they had entered the house he was assiduous in bringing wine and waiting upon Mrs. Eyre, who had long ago won his heart. When she was settled in an easy-chair by the library window, Frank took the children away, looking back once as he went to where she sat, as in by-gone years he had so often pictured her sitting as his wife; though this was a paler Madcap than the one he had hoped to win. 'It is a place to dream in,' ehe Bald, almost timidly, when she found herself alone with Mr. Eyre, her eyes turning from the avenue to glance round the room in which ehe sat, lofty and beautiful with its ceiling and walls of oak, blackened with age, and decorated with arms and trophies of the chase. Eut Mr. Eyre noted that a blood-red stain was thrown across her bosom from the stained glass of the upper window, in which the colors glowed like a tulip-bed through which the sun is shining. ' And to be happy in, as well,' eaid Mr. Eyre. ' And this was to have been your home, Madcap. How much more suited to your youth and brightness than the Bed Hall and its old master.' ' Are you sorry that I am not here ?:J she said, looking up, her lips quivering. ' You should have thought of that before. I am afraid — even to oblige you and the duchesB— it iB too late now.' 'I was thinking of Frank,' said Mr. Eyre, not yet free of his character of on looker. ' And of course Frank is the first con sideration,' said Madcap gravely, with a suspicion of mischief playing round her mouth. Mr. Eyre turned quickly, and looked at her. As' their eyes met, something in hers turned the stone in his breast to a living thing that leaped towards her and brought him to her side. ' Madcap,' he said, and the old lover like ring had come back to his voice, the old fire to his eyes, ' you would rather ba up at the Red Hall than here.' [To be rontiiiufi.!.} ? ^ ? 