Josli Hilling' INilIosopIiy. Tho best mediciuo I know ov for a sorrow is to think ov a bigger one. If muskectozc bight, tlmnk tiio Lord they nint elephants. Real happiness is skarse, probably never hnz existed in a perfekt form ; so there iz no ghosts, hut we have got a right to tnlk ghost, once in a white, just for phuu. Children overindulged soon loam to want every tiling, and bo satisfied with nothing. Mi dear disciple, you are entitled to one half the road az ytt journey thru life ; nnd if vu don't insist upon it, pretty soon yn won't hnv enny road, nnd will find yourself travelling thru the bak lots and klimbing over stun walls. lntelekt. iz a man's brains at work. I hav herd Infidels renouncing their unbelief on their doth bed, but I never herd ov » Christian renouncing liiz faith. It iz hard to understand whi so base a pashun az ingratitude should ever be found in tbe human linrtc. Lozyness iz tlia father ov bad Ink, but who the mother wax I don't justreinom- hor now. Smn tramp, I suppose. Tho mini who begs for brand owes cveryboddy, while lie who works for it owes only Heaven. A woman, will excuzo envy in a man who luvs her.' This iz more ov a kom- pliment . to- her vanity than her good sense. Tiisre iz this diffrenco between in dolence and lnzyiioss. One iz a lcetle more shiftless than the other, but I for- git which iz which. Our first thongts are the purest ; our seckond the most politick. Lazyness ivili cat a man up az cifek- tunlly az tho Skrofulln. Tlinro iz no trukblo in getting a religious krend a yard in length, if yu wish, but to git a piety to fit tbe krecd is wlint's the mutter. Sciphissncss iz tlio most common pashun; vanity cuius next, then ambishun and I forgit now what iz the next mean tiling in human liatur. That man's edukasliuii hnz been sadly neglected who hnz nover been cheated but there iz time cnuff yet. Impudence iz sed to be tho effokt ov ignoransc. I guess not ; the man who knows euulT to he impudent knows en 11 if not to kc. Iinnginnslum without teste is liko strength without judgment ; the strong mnn tries to lift a barn when he iz only registered for a dorg's kcnnoll. Ideas are few and obstinate, the some now that they were 5 thousand years ago or more, when tiioy waz fust krentcd ; thare iz no sutch tiling az nil original idea in moral philosophy ; originality in stylo exists, and often the best yu kail say or that iz sum ov it iz less muddy than others. Ho man iz jealous ov what he luvs more than he luvs himself. Men are more vain ov their judge ments than ov enny thing else they possess, and yet tlicy liavo nothing in whitck they differ so mutch from each other. Mercy is a gift. Justiss iz every man's due. Tlinre iz probably more kindness in tho world than the world gits kredit for. I luv to think so, at all events. 