THE JAPANESE BALLET. Wo return to our box to find tho stage cleared for a species of ballot. Numorous .dances' follow ono another— somo very merry somo xnoro subdued, but nono so rigidly grave as that which nnannri thn nvnnfcn nf fhn rlnv Pantomime outers freoly into this performance There is a fan-dance, in which the omnipreseut toy is to put moro to coquettish uses than ovor a Rosinadroamedof.There,isashuttlo-cockdmco, tho implements of which, liko Mnebeth's ghosts, aro but of tho mind, but aro capitally sugges ted by appropriate gesticulations, A favourite gamo with an elastic ball is worked into u dnnco ; and it is dolightful to sco with what mock onorgy the supposod ladies compote for tho posKOSBion of tlio plaything— which does not exist— and, having obtained the airy nothing, bow oach one in a stooping posture chases it about, witholding it to tho ast possible momont from the other claimants.. Thoro are plonty of dances by men as woll, and thoy amply supply all that womon lack in activity, Thoy havo their own shuttlocock gamo, and tho violont struggles they depict, tho collisions and overthrows, tho mortification at missing a stroke, and tho olation when cs- peciallysuccessful, aro irresistibly ludicrous, particularly na there are no shuttlo>cock aud battledore all tho whilo. In the same way they go through tho movements ot tlio butterfly trick of a certain doxtrous foat with a loopod nandkorcbief, and of vaulting exercises, tho material fabrics boing equally baseless in ever) case. Towards tho oud of this divcrtiso- mont an "umbrella danco is introduced, full of ingonious dovolopmonts and strango surprises. Tho umbrella danco3 which wo havo scon at homo aro stupid bores. Here tho instrument is so contrived that although whon shut it is quito ordinary and insignificant in appearanco, "with no points that any umbrella might not havo," whon oponed it assumes, at tho will of the holder, a dozen different shapes, colors and dimensions. Tho various combinations are thus made to re semble a brilliant pyrotechnic display. And tho variety of uses to which thoy are put! Half closod, they are worn as high poaked hats. With tho handles bont,' they are disposed npon tho stago to imitate beds of flowors, among which tho dancers promen ade. Rollod edgewise over tho ground thoy bccomo tho wheols of a harlequin-coach, in which the queen of tlio ballot booms to rido. Wo really havo seon nothing liko it on any of tbo continents, Tho closing danco is not so entirely < foreign in character. Tho womon stUI retain thoirjjgontle statelinoss, but, on tbo part of the men, it is a raging cancan, worthy of tho babitucsof tho Mabille or ovon their coarser caricaturists, thoso fomalo Bedouins of tho stage, who(unsexoi from tho orown to tho too, figure in tho modern English and American burlesque,— fcpOHQ&Q; Episode by E, H, Houso, 