Prom Sandy-hook to the Light Ship. By John V. Seaes. ' See here, mother; here's a dandelion, as bright as gold ! Spring is here at last, and I '11 have to be making garden in a day or two.' ' Yes, David ; spring has come, and I suppose we must get about our work pretty soon.' Mrs. Throekmorton had opened the sitting-room window to talk with David, and, as the warm sun streamed in, and a soft air stirred the sweet-brier which he was fastening against the side of the cottage, it seemed as though spring was not coming, but going, and that summer must be near at hand. But there was little summer in her eyes. ' You don't seem to feel very glad, mother ; I thought you 'd be teal pleased to see the'first dandelion.' ' Ob, I am, of course. It is always nice to see things growing, and the flowers coming out again: but it just reminds me that I must be writing to Mr. Wilson.' «' What about 'i They '11 not want to come down these two months yet.' ' Thoy want flcmscn to come down as soon aB the weather 's mild enough.' ' Konison alone 'i ' l-' Yes, I supposo so. You know he 's delicate, and they want him to lire 'longshore awhile.' ' He eats too much, and makes himself sick ; that 's all the 'delicate 'he is.' ' Hush, my son ; the doctor says he needs a change.' ' Yes, he does need a change^-any change would be for the better ; but I wish he would n't come here for it.' v ' David ! David ! you must n't talk so ! I dare say he 's a good hoy enough, only he 's been too much petted at home.' ...:.' 'Item Wilson is not a good bay; he's mean, selfish, conceited, and overbearing ; that 's what he is ; and I know he does n't tell the truth, either.' ?' My dear son, don't say such things, even if you think them.11 ' Well, mother. I never do, only to you ; but it 's a fact, and I don't like him.' 41 1 know it, and I 'm very sorry ; but it can't be helped now. 1 've promised to take him, and besides, they pay well, and we need the money.' The Throckmortons lived near the mouth of the Shrews bury ltiver, and at that time — many years ago— the old Shrewsbury inlet was open, making a navigable water-way between the river and the sea.; A steam-boat plied every day between the river and New York, running through the inlet at high tide, as at low water the sand was nearly bare. In about a week after the finding of the dandelion, the steam- boat brought down Item Wilson and his trunk, and Smalley was sent to the Ocean House landing with a little boat te bring: the gueBt home. : Smalley was a young coloured retainer of the Throckmortons, about the same age as David,— 13 or 14 years. His real name was Charles Feck, but he was so little that the boys called him ' Small Measure,' and this title degenerated in time to ' Smalley,' or 'Smalls.' David did not go to meet Remsen, as he was busy in the garden, and this work pressed so hard that for some time the boys saw very little of each other. Remsen tried his hand at digging and planting for a day or two, but he soon tired ot it and wandered off 'longshore. He wearied of the shore, too, presently, and began to tease David to go out sailing or fishing. David refused, on account of his work ; but his mother intervened and asked him to go. ' It is dull here for Remsen,' she said, ' and we must try to entertain him ; besides, his mother has written espe cially to request that we shall not cross him in anything more than we can help. The doctor says it is bad for his nerves.' David owned a seine-skiff, 18 feet long and pulling four sweep?. She had a centre-board, was rigged with mainsail and jib, and was a good Bailor with any wind. This boat, called the Alice, was overhauled, and put in good trim, and, on a pleasant afternoon, Remsen was taken for a sail. He was satisfied for a while, tacking about the river, but presently he wanted run out through the inlet and take a good long stretch on the ocean, where they would n't have to jibe every five minutes. David said no ; it was too late in the day, and, further, he never went outside without letting his mother know. Remsen jeered at him for being a baby, tied to his mother's apron- string, and sharp words followed, of course, so the excursion was not a pleasant one, afterali: Remsen appealed to Mrs. Throekmorton for permission to go out on the sea, but she, too, decidedly said no. He persisted in teasing for two or three days, and she finally resolved to refer the matter to his father. On the following Monday, Remsen walked over to Fort Washington, and returned with an open letter in his hand, declaring his father consented to an occasional trip out through the inlet when the weather was fair, provided the boat was safe and that David should sail it. This message, written in post script at the bottom of the page, was shown to Mrs. Throek morton. She read the paragraph with a good deal of surprise, as, from the explanations she had made in her letter to Mr. Wilson, she expected Remsen's request would not be granted at all, or, at least, not bo readily. As she remarked, however, there could be no gainsaying black and White, so the boy carried his point. There was no peace in the house thereafter until the arrangements for the expedition were all made, and the tide served right for an early start, and the weather promised to be fair all day. The settlement of these various conditions occupied several days, and, during the time, Remsen con tinued to fret and worry until the family were glad enough when a morning came that David thought would suit their purpose. A very early breakfast was hurried through ; a pair of plump roasted ckickens, some beef sandwiches, and a basket of goodies were packed away in the stern locker of the boat; the fishing lines and a 'blickie' ot eoft clams for bait stowed in the forward locker, a comfortable armful -of oil-Bkins and wraps was 'bundled under the thwarts, and before sunnse, the three boys, Remsen, David, and Smalley,' started to spend the day on the sea. ' . . 1 Thej- hatt some crooked'work to get out of the river, with light airs baffling about the Navesink Highlands, but after clearing Sandy Hook, they found a steady breeze from the Bouth-west, balmy and pleasant as a breath of. midsummer. Remsen thought he would like to see [how Long Branch looked from the sea, so they made their jib, hnuled the sheets close, and stood down the shorn about' six miles, until they ran past ths town. Then they put about, lifted the* centre-board, and squared away for a race before the wind. There were a good uiauy coasters and Fuiall craft going up to New York with all the canvas spread they could carry, but the ' Alice ' passed them all, Bwooping along over the low, broad billows like an osprey in its flight. The boys enjoyed this fun heartily, and shoutel in high glee whenever they shot ahead of a sloop or schooner on their course. The whole morning was spent in giving chase to one vessel after another, and at noon they found themselves well up toward Romer's Shoals. Then they dropped the jib, slacked the peak, and laid the ' Alice' to for dinner. The centre-board was laid athwartahips for a table, the provisions were unpacked and spread out in tempting array, jack-knives and jaws were plied with industry, and the chickene and crullers disappeared with amazing speed. After dinner, they put off shore about eight miles to the fishing grounds, and tried their luck for eodlish. They did not catch anything for a long time, and Remscn got tired of waiting for iish that did not conic. Just as they were about to give it up, Smulley gat a bito, and, in the course of an hour or so, they caught several fine cod. When Remsen had pulled up his second fish, David decided it was time to start for home. The sun was yet high, and Hanson wanted very much to 'catch just one more,' so they waited another half-hour and then sail wa6 made again. ' As they got underway, Smalley discovered a school of porpoises, the first of the season, just off their starboard bow. David started the sheet a little, and the ' Alice ' glided quickly in among them, without disturbing them in the lcust. They rolled lazily over in the sea, and grunted and snorted like a drove of pigs, playing around the bowa of the boat, so close that the boys could almost reach out and touch them. Even David had never before enjoyed an opportunity to become so intimately acquainted with porpoises, and the boat was allowed to drift along with the school, while the boys leaned over the side and watched the motions of the clumsy creatures with intense interest. Finally, Smalls straightened himself up, and taking a look about, exclaimed in surprise : ' Hi, Marse Dave, if dere aint do big light ! ' Dave sprang to his feet and there, sure enough, was the great light-house on Sandy Hook, square on their weather beam. The Alice had drifted into the ship-channel, and the wind aud tide together had carried her along much more rapidly than her crew realized, busy as thoy were in studying natural history. 'Boom out that jib !' cried Dave, as ho jumped aft, cast off the sheet, and put the Alice before the wind. ' Why, what are you going to do ? ' asked Remsen, surprised by the sudden activity of his companions. ' Are n't we going home?' 'If we can get- there ! ' answered Dave. ' We 've missed the inlet, fooling around with those plaguy porpoises ; can't make it with wind dead against us, and now we must push for inside the Hook, and then work our way home as best we can.' They ran on at a lively gait for a mile or two, but then the wind began to fall as the sun sank behind the High lands, and an anxious shade came into David's frank face. ' Here, Rem,' he said, 'you take the tiller, while I go forward and look for the black buoy.' As he stepped upon the forward locker, he could see the buoy which marks the point of Sandy Hook, about half a mile ahead, and, noting that it stood straight in the water, he knew that the flood was full, and in a few minutes the ebb tide would set in. The boat still rippled along fairly well, but the boom swung ominously to and fro as the wind came in light puffs, each fainter than the last. If the breeze would only hold a few minutes to carry them inside the buoy, they would be all right. It might take them some hours after that to reach home, but they 'd get there safe and sound before midnight. David watched the sail and the buoy with the closest attention. The black cylinder drewnear and nearer, and his hopes toeg every moment. He was actually counting the rivers on the side of the buoy next the sun, when a lonp, crooked lino of dirty-white foam came dancing by, on the surface of the sea. At the same instant, the wind died out with a long sigh, and a flat calm fell upon the water. The boat lost way, and her head swung slowly round and pointed toward the open ocean. The tide had turned. .' Out sweeps! ' cried David, dropping the jib and letting the mainsail run down at the same time. ' Take an oar, Rem. I '11 pull .against you and Smalley. Give way for your lives, fellows ! Bend to it now, smartly ! ' The boys pulled with a will, and once more the boat began to crawl up toward the black buoy. The tide was beginning to run strong, however, and it required -their utmost exertions to force the heavy boat against it. ? She moved slower and slower as she neared the goal, and David had to urge the others by voice and example at every stroke. Just as he was thinking, ' We shall make it, after all,' Remsen threw up his oar, exclaiming : ' I can't pull this thing; it hurts my hands.' David's 18- foot sweep gave the boat a sheer, the rushing current caught 'her under the counter, and. in an instant she was whirling out to sea ten miles an hour. Smalley broke out in loud reproach and lamen tation, but 'Marso Dave' had nothing to say. He could not tru6t himself to speak, and so, wisely, kept silent, vigorously setting about Stowing the sails and making evervthing snug aboard. ' What are we going to do now 'i ' asked Remsen. ' Nothing.' ' Where are we going?' 'Nowhere.' 11 Come, you 're not going to stay here all night I Let s be going home.' 'All night it is! No home for us till to-morrow morning ! ' When Remsen fairly understood that they must stay out all night on the ocean In an open boat, he was frightened out of his wits. He wanted to get out the sweeps again, and try once more to pass the black buoy, promising to pull twice as hard as before ; but David said : 'Too late ! the tide rips through there now like a miU race ! Twenty men could n't stem it ! ' As the Alice drifted out with the ebb, the twilight deepened into darkness, the land disappeared, the stars shone in the sky wonderfully near and bright, and the awful solemnity of solitude on the sea encompassed the benighted young voyagers. David was very anxious about his mother, and he also had some fears of the storm signs noticed at sunset ; but otherwise he and Smalls were com fortable enough, making a hearty supper of sandwiches and crullers, and stowing themselves on the thwarts, afterward, wrapped up for a nap. But Remsen was too miserable to either eat or sleep. He fretted and moaned incessantly,— was so unreasonable, pettish, and absurd that the others lost all patience, and finally paid no more attention to his complaints. . .... During the evening, the wind rose again, ana backing round to the south-east, began to blow quite heavily. This wind against tide made an ugly, chopping sea, which pitched the Alice about with a sharp, jerking, motion, exceedingly trying to any one unaccustomed to the water. The two 'longshore boys 'did not mind it, but the city-bred youth was made deathly sick. He had made so much ado before, that no notice was taken of him for a long time, and he lay neglected on the sternsheets, tumbled about from side to side, as the boat tossed and twisted in the sea; sick, bruised, frightened, thinking he surely should die-j-the most forlorn and wretched object imaginable. After a tune, David discovered that the limp heap on the locker, wet, draggled, and half unconscious, was really Rem Wilson in distress, and he accordingly bestirred himself to extend help. But it was very difficult to do anything for the patient. He slid off the locker and rolled around in the bottom of the boat, too dolefully sick to know or to care what was going on about him. David was troubled, and knew not what to do, until, after a while, Smalley had a bright idea, as, indeed, he often had. ? ,.,.,.. ' Dere *s de light-ship off to wind'ard,' said that diminu tive person ; 'let '« get 'em to take him aboard and put him to bed V AccordinglY, they made sail on the Alice, trimmed her flat, and ran down to the two great globes of fire that showed where the beacon-boat lay. ' Light- ship, ahoy ! ' hailed David, as they drew along side. . 11 Ay, ay ! ' answered a gruff voice. ' If Ned Qsborne'is there, tell him Dave Throekmorton wants to come on board.' Ned Osborne, the light-keeper, answered in person, and, on David's explaining matters, he rigged a whip used for taking in stores, and presently had the sick boy safely slung from the boat to the deck of the ship. Rem was then carried below and put in a berth, where he was taken care of a6 best he could be under the circumstances. The boat was made fast, and the two other boys were also given berths aboard the ship. Next morning, Dave was astir before daylight, and, find ing the invalid unfit to be moved, he decided to put off without him, as the wind was rising and the storm threatened to grow more violent. The cod-fish were brought aboard from the Alice, a breakfast of fish, potatoes, and hard-tack was shared with the watch on deck, and then the seine- skiff was headed for home, under double-reefed mainsail. The breeze was very stiff, and the boat fairly flew through the water, making the seven miles between the light-ship and Sandy Hook in half-an-hour. It was still early when the two boys reached the house, and they found that Mrs. Throekmorton had been waiting for them all night, wulking the floor most of tho tiino iu restless anxiety. ' 1 should n't have felt po bad about it,' sho said, '* but j'ou were hardly out of sight when neighbour Simmons came in with this letter he had brought over from Port Washington tho night before. It is from Mr. Wilson, and he very decidedly forbids Remson's going outside the Hook before settled summer weather. I can't understand why his letter to Rrmsen and this one to me should be so different.' 'I can,' said Dave; 'Rem wrote that postscript himself.' ' Dear ! dear ! do you really think so 'r ' ' I thought so from the first, and now I fool sure of it.' ' Well, I look for his fathor this afternoon or to-morrow, and then we '11 know. I wrote him again by the first mail yesterday.' Mr. Wilson arrived toward evening, as expected, and wns very much alarmed and distressed to find his boy was off on the light-ship. By that time the storm had set in furiouply, and there was nothing to bo done but wait for better weather. When asked as to the postscript, bo merely shook his head and walked quickly away ; eo there was very little said about it. A terrific tempest raged on land and sea for three days and nights, flinging many a wreck upon the coast, and causing sad destruction of property on shore, beeide. Mr. Wihon chartered a sloop at Port Washington to go off to the light- ship; but it was late on tho fourth day before they could venture to go out. Just as they were getting underway, Smalley discovered a sail coming up the river, which he declared was Ned Osborae's cutter. As the craft drew near, it proved to be Ned Osborne, indeed, bringing the sick boy«home. The agonies he suffered on the light -ship, his terrible experience during the storm, and the shame and contrition he* felt on coming back, worked a wonderful change in Rem Wilson. He looked like the ghost of his former self as they carried him into the house. 11 This will be a lesson for him that he '11 never forget,' said David. And he never did, being a different and a better boy from that day forth. — St. Nicholas. 