Religious Consecration of the Right Rev. Dr. Dunne, Catholic Bishop of Brisbane. THE ancient and stately ceremonial of the Roman Catholic Church, with its splendour of effect, its mystic symbolism, its impressive solemnity, has ever forcibly appealed to the heart of man and entranced his imagination. Even if with the old Benedictine writer, Dom Claude do Vert, we look only to its literal and obvious meaning, we cannot fail to be struck with ita grace and beauty; but, if we penetrate the veiled and spiritual sense, our natures must be dull and insensible indeed if they do not respond to the charm with which it is instinct In the great temples of Catholic Europe, whose immense proportions permit the dignified flow of long processions, and the graceful grouping and easy movement of a large concourse of ecclesiastics—in the majestic basilicas of Rome, teeming with the noblest efforts of artistic skill—in the historic churches of Paris, whose lofty pillars and pointed arches and endless perspectives raise the soul unconsciously into the nigher regions of devotional thought—in those great monuments of ancient faith and piety, where everything, from the tesselated pavement to the fretted roof, speaks a hallowed language and harmonises with the worship for wluch they were erected, the soul is touched as it is nowhere else by the more than regal pomp with which the offices of religion are performed, and the effective use made of every influence by which our feelings can be moved and elevated. The homage so solemnly offered to God in per fume and incense, amid the sparkling of gems, the play of painted light, the accompaniment of inspiring music and the unequalled archi tectural surroundings has won admiration from the sturdiest opponents of Rome—those for whom she is the Traviata of Babylon. Before so noble an expression of man's adoration the voice of the scoffer has not unfrequently been hushed into reverence and the large sympa thetic hearts of such "heretics" as Scott and Coleridge, Gnizot and Goethe have been conscious of the most elevated emotions. In this new country of ours we have neither the sublime structures, the precious adornment of art, the number of exalted dignitaries, the variety of ecclesiastical and religious costumes,. normany of the other accessories which lendsuch beauty and dignity to the Roman ritual in the great centres of Catholicity. Still even here in Brisbane the "functions" at St. Stephen's have a fascination whose influence is not con fined to the Catholic community, but which attracts, almost every Sunday, large numbers from the other denominations. It is not astonishing, therefore, that on Sunday, when one of the most imposing ceremonies of the Catholic Church was to be witnessed — when the Right Rev. Dr. Dunne, the lately appointed Bishop of this diocese, was consecrated to his high and important office —a sight such as few amongst us have beheld or are likely again to behojd—the concourse as sembled in spite of the unfavourable weather was one of the largest and most widely repre sentative ever seen within its walls. No doubt the motives which brought together thedifferent elements of the crowd were varied, but it may be safely assumed that besides those of curiosity and piety, one of the most general was a heartfelt desire to show the esteem in which the new prelate is held by people of every creed and grade amongst us. To his own flock his highest recommendation is the com mission of the Holy See with which he is charged, but they do not forget the qualities of mind and heart by which ne has endeared himself to them during his long residence in Southern Queensland, while on persons of other denominations his culture, his Christian courtesy, his spirit of tolerance and concilia tion have given him claims which they readily acknowledge. Before the ceremony commenced the large assemblage had ample opportunity to examine the preparations which had been made, and all must have been struck with the tasteful decora tion of the high altar, the credit of which is due to the Sisters of Mercy. The lower part of the unsightly wall behind it was covered with a curtain of crimson damask, along the top of which ran in bold letters the appropriate legend, "Ecce sacerdos magnus gui in diebus illis placuit Deo et inventus est Justus." On the portion of the curtain immediately behind the tabernacle was stretched a magnificent piece of Indian embroidery, wrought in thread of gold —a combination which gave a warmth and rich ness of colour generally wanting in the altar adornments at St. Stephen's. On this really artistic background the lights shone and the flowersgaveouttheir beauty with amostpleasing effect. Thchigh altar was prepared for the conse crating prelate, that for the Bishop elect being the Altar of the Blessed Virgin, in the right hand aisle. The chair of the Archbishop was on the Epistle side, and appropriate seats were placed for the other Bishops who were to take part in the proceedings—the episcopal throne of the diocese of course being vacant. A handsome Brussels carpet presented by the Catholic ladies of the city for the occasion covered the floor of the sanctuary, and added not a little to the completeness of the arrange ments. The wet and, for the moment, unwel come weather, shed its sombre hue over the entire cathedral, hardly in keeping with the joy of the event to be celebrated, but not unbefit ting its solemnity, reminding one of the "dim religious light" of other cathedrals and other climes and bringing out into better relief the beautiful details of the high altar and its sur roundings. The ceremony, which commenced a little after half-past 11, was carried out with all the fullness prescribed in the Pontificate Romanum under the able direction of the Very Rev. Dean Dwyer, most efficiently assisted by the Rev. J. J. Horan, and was one which will not soon pass from the memories of those who witnessed it. As the processions poured out from the two sacristies all even were strained to catch sight of the dignitaries who had come to take part iv the proceeding*. From the Epistle sine came the enfant* di- r/in-ur. in great numbers, the acolytes and priests in surplice ami soutane, and from the opposite sacristy tin; deacon (the Rev. J. A. C'amili), the sub-deacon (the Rev. J. M. Cummins), and the assistant priest of the Mass (the Rev. J. P. Connolly), fol lowed by the Most Rev. Dr. Vaughan, Arch bishop of Sydney, the Metropolitan of the province, who was the consecrating prelate on the occasion. As soon as hia grace was vested for the solemn function, the assistant Bishops, the Right Rev. Dr. Murray, of Maitland, and the Right Rev. Dr. Lanigan, of Goulburn, with the Bishop elect and the Right Rev. Dr. Cani, all four attended by their chaplains, came forth into the sanctuary, and the whole body of the clergy approached the foot of the high altar together and remained there for a moment in prayer. When his grace, clad in bis full ponti ficals, and bearing the pallium which the Holy Father conferred on him some years ago, was thus surrounded by his assistants in white copes and mitres, the Bishop of Rockhampton in his purple garb, the richly vested clergy who were to take part in the mass, the elect in white cope and purple biretta, and the other ecclesiastics, each in appropriate attire, the spectacle was one rarely ix ever surpassed in an Australian Church. The varied hues, the chaste and graceful decorations of the sanc- tuary, the sacred insignia that flashed like the Urim and Thummim did of old, the flowers, the lights, the well trained voices of the choir singing the Ecce Sacerdos, the reverend heads bent in prayer, the rapt attention, the solemn stillness of the immense congregation, oould not fail to strike even the most indifferent spectator. Besides those whose names have been already given, there were present in the sanctuary the Rev. D. J. Byrne, chaplain to the Bishop elect; the Rev. P. Hand, chaplain to Dr. Murray; the Rev. A. Horan, chaplain to Dr. Lanigan ; the Rev. T. O'Connell, chaplain to Dr. Cani; the Very Rev. Dean Kenny, the Rev. Dr. Capra, the Rev. J. B. Breen, the Rev. B. Scortechini, the Rev. P. Corrigan, and the Rev. J. P. Fitzpatrick. The Rev. D. Fouhy and the Revi. J. O'Reilly had charge of the arrangements in the body of the church, and it is only justice to them to say that they dis- charged the trying duties which devolved upon them with admirable tact and courtesy. After a moment spent in prayer, as has been said, the consecrating prelate took his seat on the fald-stool placed for him in front of the high altar, and the ceremony commenced by the assistant Bishops presenting to him the elect. The senior assistant Bishop then addressed his grace as follows:—" Most Reverend Father, our Holy Mother, the Catholic Church asks of you to promote the priest here present to the heavy office of a Bishop." The consecrator de- manded the apostolic mandate, and this having been read by the Rev. J. B. Breen, who was acting notary, the elect was sworn to be obe- dient to the Holy See; after which, his examination commenced as commanded by the Fathers of the Church, and recommended by the Apostle, who says—"lmpose not hands lightly upon any man." The father teach that he who is chosen for the rank of a Bishop must be most diligently examined with a Christian charity concerning the Trinity, and interro gated upon the different matters and morals befitting episcopal government. This is a very solemn part of the rite. The Archbishop and his two assistants being seated and mitred, and the elect also seated, the following questions were put, which are interesting, as snowing the qualities on which the Catholic Church most insists in those whom Bhe calls to a share in her government:— " Wilt thou," said the conseorator, " both by word and example teach the flock for which thou art ordained those things which thou un derstandest from the Holy Scriptures?" and the Bishop elect, rising and lifting his biretta, answered, "Volo"—"I will." Again he was asked: " Wilt thou reverently receive, teach, and keep the traditions of the orthodox Fathers, and the authoritative enactments of the Holy and Apostolic See?" and again he answered, "I will." "Wilt thou uniformly render to Peter, the blessed Apostle to whom by God was given the power of binding and loosening, and to His Vicar Leo. XIII., and to his successors the Bishops of Rome, fidelity, subjection, and obedience, according to the injunctions of the canons r "I win.* "Wilt thou restrain thy practices from all evil, and to the utmost of thy power, God helping, direct them to all goodness?" "I will." <rWfltthou, with God's assistance, observe thyself and teach others to observe chastity and sobriety ?" "I will." "Wiltthou forever continue a bonds man in the affairs of God, and estranged from earthly affairs and base lucre as far as human frailty permits thee?" "I will." " Wilt thou preserve humility and patience in thyself, and teach the like to others?" "I will." "Wilt thou, for the sake of God's holy name, be affable and merciful to the poor, to the stranger, and to all in need ?" " I will." The interrogatories being over, the elect made a profession of his belief in the several doctrines of the Church, anathematising every heresy, and acknowledging the Almighty God as the Author of the Old and New Testaments. After these important preliminaries, the Pontifical high mass was commenced with, which, from this point forward, the rite of con secration was interwoven. When the intro ductory psalm was recited, and the Archbishop was ascending the steps of the altar, the elect was conducted to his chapel, and was vested with sandals, pectoral cross, flowing stole, tunic, dalmatic, chasuble, and maniple, and proceeded to recite the ser vice of the mass, simultaneously with the con secrating prelate, at the high altar. After the Tract he was presented again to the Arch bishop, who instructed him on the duties of his office, saying that the duties of a Bishop are to judge, to interpret the Scriptures, to make oblation, to baptise, and to confirm. This pithy but comprehensive summary of his func tions being delivered, the consecrator knelt before his seat, the other Bishops and clergy knelt in their respective places, and the elect prostrated himself while the Litany of the Saints was being sung, with especial suffrages for the ceremony. The Archbishop then took the Book of the Gospels, and, with the asßiß tance of the other Bishops, silently placed it on the neck and shoulders of the elect, and in this position it was held till it was delivered to him at a later stage of the ceremony. And now took place the first solemn imposi tion of hands, each of the three Bishops touch ing the head of the elect with both hands, saying Accipe SjnrUum Stinctum, "Receivethe Holy Ghost; " after which the Consccrator's mitre being removed, he offered up the prayer Propitiate Domiiw, and proceeded to intone the Preface of the Mass, which is a leading feature in the rite. In the middle of the Pre fnce he commenced the Veni Creator Spiritust, which was immediately taken up by the choir, and while this beautiful hymn was being rendered the head of the elect was anointed with chrism, and the grand Preface, ao full of sublime prayers and beautiful thoughts, brought to a close. The next interesting featuro in the ceremony was the anointing of the hands, after which the crozier was blessed and given to th§ new Bishop, and the ring, having been likewise blessed, was placed on his finger. The crozier and ring having been given with due forms, the Archbishop received the Book of the Gospels (which had been hitherto held open over the shoulders of the elect), closed it, and presented it to the touch of the newly-con secrated, saying, " Receive the gospel and go forth and preach it to the people committed to theo, for God is powerful to augment His grace to thee, who liveth and reigneth world without end. Amen." After this the new Bishop re ceived the kiss of peace from the consecrator and his assistant prelates, and returned to his ohapel where the chrism was wiped from his head and hands with crumbs of bread and linen. Mass being continued down to the Offertory, when the elect, with the prescribed reverence, made offering of two wax candles, two loaves of bread, and two miniature casks of wine to the consecrator, who received them sitting and mitred. Mass was again con tinued to the Communion, when both the con secrator and consecrated prelate partake of the same host and chalice. At the conclusion of the mass the mitre of the new Bishop was blessed and set upon his head with solemn form as "a helmet of defence and salvation;" the gloves were blessed, and, his ring being re moved, are placed upon his hands with appro priate prayer. Then the ring was put on the gloved finger, and the consecrator, rising with the assisting prelates, placed the newly-conse crated in ins seat, put the crosier in his hand, and, bowing to the altar, commenced the "Te Deum." While the great Ambro- Bian hymn was being magnificently given by the choir, the Right Rev. Dr. Dunne was led by the assistant Bishops round the church, giving his first episcopal benedicton to the congregation, when they returned to the sanctuary an anthem was sung, and the con secrator prayed aloud that God, the Shepherd and Ruler of the faithful, may grant to the newly - consecrated prelate, by word and example, to benefit those over whom he presides, that with the flock committed to his care he may come to life everlasting; and then the customary reverences and salutations brought the long but highly interesting and impressive ceremony to a close. The barest description of its leading features and the most compressed summary of the language which the Church f uses on the occasion—such alone as is possible in these columns —will not fail to impress upon the mind a high idea of its solemnity ana of the important lessons it is intended to convey. But those who are skilled in ecclesiastical lore will not need to be told that there is a depth and a variety of meaning connected with every form, every sign, every vestment in this imposing rite to which a volume could scarcely do justice. The pallium, for instance, worn by the Archbishop will remind him of the words of Pope Symmachus, who calls it a symbol of unanimity, and of Isidorus Polusista, who says that he who wears it is to be an imitator of the Great Shepherd, who carried on his shoulder the sheep he had lost and found. The gold and jewelled ring put upon the finger of the new Bishop designates, amongst other things, that he has become the bridegroom of the See of Brisbane —that he will love her with that love which surpasses all others; that he will defend her, in season and out of season, from every danger coming upon her; that he will keep her in peace; that he will be a light and a guide to her; that he will adorn her with the splendid results of his labour and his learning; and that he will beautify her with monuments of his seal and devotion, so that when death shall come to separate him from her he may look with satisfied heart on the rich inheritance of schools and churches, of colleges and convents, of faithful, loving, and united children that he leaves behind to be her comfort and consolation. The loaves and the wine, which are so quaint a feature in the rite, remind him of the duty of hospitality, which is one the Church especially impresses on those called to the episcopal office. It is one of the ancient customs most honoured in the Church, and which has been practised on the grandest scale by the most eminent of her children. We know that Gregory the Great entertained all strangers who came to Rome, and Pope Martin told the Emperor that the most wretched of men were hospitably received in that city. " St. Peter," he sayß, " rejects no one, sends away no one without gifts." St. Benedict prescribed in his rule the constant practice of hospitality, and Isidore goes so far as to say that "a Bishop, if he receive not all men, is inhuman. tf St. Csesareus, of Aries, had always a table prepared for those who travelled, and the house of St. Charles, at Milan, was open to all the world. But perhaps the symbolic meanings attached to the gloves placed on the new prelate are the most touching of all. They are emblems, we are told by an ancient writer, of the secrecy which should envelop most of the charitable actions of a Bishop. His hands should ever be out stretched in pity to the poor—especially to the widow and orphan, but the alms should be con cealed, as these gloves conceal his hands, as much as possible from all men. We might go on enlarging upon the infinite variety of truths and lessons impressed not only upon the spec tators but upon the new Bishop himself by every portion of this magnificent ceremony, but this is not the place to enter more minutely into such matters. Suffice it to say, that the ideal of the episcopal duties which the Roman Catholic Church sets before her children in the rite witnessed on Sunday is an exalted one indeed, and we can wish nothing better to Dr. Dunne and his flock than that his episcopate may be modelled in every particular after so high a standard, and that it may be prolonged for the benefit of the whole community ad mullos annos. We have hardly left ourselves space to say a word of the music. The choir of St. Ste phens', however, has bo high and well merited a reputation amongst us that it is enough to say its performance was of the character we should have expected on such an occasion. THE SERMON. The Right Rev. Dr. James Murray. Bishop of Maitland, was the preacher for the day, and delivered an eloquent sermon from the words of the 28th verse of the 20th chapter of the Acts of the Apostles :—" Take heed to yourselves, and to your whole flock, wherein the Holy Ghost has pledged Bishops to rule the Church of God, which he had purchased with his own blood." The right rev. prelate commenced by stating that a few weeks ago a steamer arrived on the shores of Moreton Bay carrying an individual whose advent in this city gave great joy to all classes of the commu- nity, and especially to the Catholic people of this diocese. At different times before that the same individual took his departuro from Brisbane, and returned again without any notice whatsoever being taken either of his departure or return ; and the cause of the joy and exultation manifested on his last arrival wa* because he brought with him the document (the apostolic mandate) which they had heard read. In obedience to the wishes, conveyed in that document, of the successor of Bt. Peter, they were present that day to finish the great work com menced by the Pope as head of the Church, and they were assembled, his dear brethren and, he believed, many friends of other deno minations, to show the joy which they all felt at the elevation of the Bight Rev. Dr. Dunne to the dignity of the episcopate. The conse cration of a Bishop was at all times an occasion of great importance and of great interest; but it was especially so on the present occasion, because he believed he was right in saying that, for the first time in the history of the Catholic Church in Australia, one of its priests had been raised to the episcopate. And the circumstance recalled to his mind another consecration which took place in Dublin twenty-three years ago, at which he had the honour of assisting. On the 29th June, 1859, the Bight Rev. James Quinn, an most of them knew, was consecrated Bishop of Brisbane. In that year there were in this colony something under 8000 Catholics, while to-day, as could be learned from the Government consus, there were 54,380. In 1859 there were only two priests in the diocese, and they all knew far better than he, a stranger, did, the large number ofpriests there now were in this vast colony. They all came there that day to join their prayers with those of the Bishop elect that he might have a happy and long reign—that he might live for many years; while the prelates of other sees in another colony who were present, had come here, not only to meet this noble, this vast con gregation which he was addressing, but because they were not unmindful of the great honour conferred upon them by the laity, not only of the Catholic Church, but of other denomina tions, when they were in Brisbane in 1874 on the occasion of tho opening of this noble cathedral. Turning to the words of his text, the preacher called the attention of the Bishop elect to three points. Firstly, a Bishop must attend to him self ; in the second place he must attend to his flock; and this second point ho would divide into two—a Bishop must attend firstly to his clergy, and, secondly, to his people. A Bishop must be "a light to the world," but if he was to carry out his mission, he must first attend to himself. Look over the history of the entire Church—look at those men who had laboured successfully in founding churches, and you would find that to themselves, who sanctified their own souls first, who kept in retirement for years to devote themselves to prayer and study. In like manner it would be the duty of the new Bishop of Bris bane to attend to himself—that was, through continual prayer, that should be offered up for his priests and people, that they might work well with him in carrying on the work of Ood in this city and diocese. The Catholic Bishop of Brisbane was an old friend of his—in fact, they had been students in Rome together; and when he looked back on the newly-appointed prelate's career, he could not deny himself the pleasure of saying that all he knew of him as a student gave him every reason to hope that his life, now that he was raised to the episcopacy, would bo a most holy and saintly one. At all times he had been fond of retirement; and his per sonal character always attracted the respect of his fellow-students. He (Dr. Murray) should say nothing now about the Bishop's talents, which were very considerable indeed. As a priest, he laboured with him (the preacher) for some years in Dublin—at least, they were very well acquainted there, and often met. He supposed it was not necessary to refer to his career in this colony. They all knew with what zeal he laboured both in Brisbane and Toowoomba. He believed the piety, tho practical religion which existed and which could be seen at Toowooraba, would over remain a monument of the great zeal of their new Bishop ; and they had every reason to assume that his career, now that he was a Bishop would be one of great piety, of great religion—in fact, that he would lead a most holy, a most virtuous life. The second duty to which the new Bishop would have to attend was to instruct the clergy to rule the people of the important diocese of Brisbane. It must be a pleasure and satisfac tion to them that one amongst themselves had been considered worthy to be elevated to the dignity of the episcopate by their holy father tho Pope; and it must be a consolation to all present—who, he took it, were his personal friends—to know that he was unanimously recommended by the Bishops of these colonies for this sec. He had no doubt that Dr. Dunne would rule with wisdom, with prudence, and with firmness, and that a glorious future was in store for the Church in the diocese of Bris bane, because he (Dr. Murray) was quite certain that, with all the qualities he had mentioned and with his great learning, he would do great things for tho Church, tho clergy, and the people of the diocese. Ho would have one very important duty to discharge in this respect, and that was to provide priests—one of the moat difficult duties which colonial Bishops had to perform. Tho question of where these priests were to be got was one to which he (the preacher) had been compelled to give consider able attention. He did not wish them to imagine he was speaking merely as an Irish man, which they all knew he was. He was speaking as a Catholic Bishop, and as far as he could see—and he knew other Bishops of Australia entertained the same opinion—there was no other place to which they could look to provide clergy for these colonies except that little land of theirs, Catholic Ireland. He said he had recently spent two years in Ireland looking for priests for his diocese, and dwelt at some length upon the wonderful vitality of the Catholic religion in that country, despite its sufferings and wrongs, upon the many institutions there for training clergy, and upon the readiness of ftrießta and the good Sisters of Mercy to go to orcipn lands for the purpose of spreading the principles of their Church. He said this subject brought him to another point—the great duty that would ddVolvc upon the new Bishop in providing for the education of the rising generation of this colony. He believed Government aid had already been withdrawn from their schools in this colony, and on the Ist January next similar aid would be talioii from them in Xew South Wales. That did not menu that the Catholic Bishop* of those colonies were to fake no further trouble with regard to education ; but, on the contrary, it afforded every reason to stimulate them to work more zealously in the cause of Catholic education. It compelled them to go to Ireland to get Sisters of Mercy, Sisters of Charity, and of other congregations to carry on this great work of education, because Catholics held with as firm a belief as they held, with regard to any other articles of their faith, that educa tion must be founded on religion. It was no matter to them what steps the Government might take, either in their favour or against them, the same responsibility devolved upon them to provide for the religious Catholic edu cation or the young. Therefore their right rev. prelate would have a great, a solemn duty to discharge to secure Catholic teachers, to multiply them, and to send them throughout his diocese. If children were trained without religion, they would live without it when they grew up, and would very likely become infidels. Already there were evidences of this in Victoria; complaints were made about immorality, and so it must be in schools where no religion was taught. After referring briefly to the necessity of a Bishop looking diligently after his nock,and to the evidence that Dr. Dunne intended to make this a special duty given in his reply to the addresses presented to him on his arrival in the colony, the preacher, in con clusion, said that since his arrival here he had had instances of the respect and veneration which were entertained by the priests of the diocese fortheirnewßishop. He knew they were anxious to give him every assistance in their power in the discharge of the difficult task that nad been assigned to him. He (Dr. Murray) gave a hearty welcome to the new Bishop on behalf of the other Australian prelates present and absent, to whom his talents would make him a great assistance in their councils; on behalf of the priests of the diocese; on behalf of those devoted Sisters of Mercy who had done so much—would, he was sure, continue to do so much—to alleviate the responsibilities and lighten the labours of their Bishop ; and on behalf of the people of the diocese, who, he was certain, were pleased to see him elevated to the episcopacy that day. All assembled there would, lie knew, join in hearty prayer that the new Bishop might have a long and prosperous reign. There was one absent from that church that day whom the good God had, after many years of hard labour, called to his reward. He was not here in body, but he (Dr. Murray) was sure he was hero in spirit with his honoured successor, and would secure the prayers of all the saints and of all the angels in heaven that that successor might have light and a long, prosperous, and useful reign ; that his years might be many; that he might guide the clergy, protect the people under his care ; that he might have power to carry on the great work of the Church of God in this colony; and that his people might continue in their prayers that he might carry out this work—the great work which the Vicar of Christ had assigned to him. 