EATIA'G AND SLEEPING. l'KACTIOAL HINTS. TO. BUSINESS MEN. These !.two occupations havo a closer connoction than most people in active Iifo aro* willing to admit. We gave some advico to our readers on this subject a year or two ago, drawing largely from oxpeiicnce in confirmation of our theory, and have reason to know that many profited cruntly bv. what was to thorn a n«w ravnliifcimi.. Wo have been asked by several correspondents, who changed their habits at our. .suggestion, to repeat tho lesson for tho benefit of othors. The notion is widely provalont that it is.nnhealthy to eat lato at night or just before retiring. This came from the sovoro denunciation -of 'late suppers' contained in nearly all tho popular works on diet. 'JJIib argument in these publica tions was not directed agiinst tho food at a late hour in tho day, but against what was involved ?in, a lato supper, at a poriod when .the .revellers slipped from their chairs and spoilt tho night under the table, or wore carried by waiting lackeys' insensible to their bods. It was the midnight debauch that was the object of attack ; and even hmo'ifc was less the gluttony than the drunkenness which alarmed 'tho doctors and called forth their ruprehonsions. A man may induce apoplexy by gorging himself with fond at any hour 'of tho day, but thn bottle after bottle of heady wine or the bowls of hot punch at fho evening revol were what did tho business for most who fan a brief career of dissipation to an untimely grave. ' Man is tho only animal, that can be taught to sleep quiotly on an empty stomach. .Tho brute creation resent all efforts to coax thorn to such a violation of tho laws of natuie. ' The lion roais in the forest until he has found his prey, and when ho has devoured it ho sleeps ovor until he needs anothor meal. The horso will paw all night in ' the stable, and the pig will squeal in the pen, refusing all rest or .sleep unlil they are fed. Tho animals that chew tho cud have thoir own provisions for a late' meal just^ before' chopping off to their nightly sluinbeis. Man can tiain himself to the 'habit of sleeping without a preceding, 'meal, but only after long years of practice. As ho comes into the world nature is too strong for him, and he must be fed before he will sloop. A child's stomach is small, and when perfectly filled, if no sicitnt'ss rnssurns it, sleep follows naturally and inevitably. -As digestion goes on liie stomach begins to empty. A single fold in it will make the little sleeper restless ; two will wakonit; if it is hushed again to repose the nap is short, and throe folds put an end to the slumber. Paregoric or other narcotic may close i.ts eyes ngain, but without either food or some stupefying drug it will not sleep, no muttoi how hoalthy it may be. Not even an an;?ol who loaine'l the art of minstrelsy in a celestial choir can sing a bjiby to sleep on an empty stomach. We use the oft quoted illustration ' sleeping as sweetly as an infant,' because this slumber of a child follows immediately after its stomach is completely filled with wholesome food. Tho sleep which comes to adults long hour.s after partaking- of food, and when tho stomach is ncarlv or quite empty, is is not after tho typo of infantile repose. There is all the difference in tho world between tho sloop of refreshment and the sleep of exhaustion. To sloop well the blood that swells the veins in tho head during our busy hours must How back, leaving a greatly diminished volume behind tho brow that lately throbbed with such vehemence. To digest well, this blood is needed at the stomach and near the fountains of live. It is a fact establishes! beyond the possibility of contradiction, that sleep aidos digestion, and that the process of digestion is conductive to refreshing sleep. It neods no .argument to convinces us of this mutual rotation. Tho drowsiness, which always follows the. well orflorcd meal is itself a tostimony of nature in this interdependence. ' The waste of human life by tho negloct of this losson is very great. The daily wear and tuar of tho body might be re stored more fully than it roally is if this simple rule was not systematically violated. Sleep is wonderfully recuperative, -.-but.. it may, be shorn of half its benefits by' unfavourable' conditions. Foul, air in tin.1 bedchamber loaves the si on per almost exhausted in the morning as when weary with tho riay's'laboursjie sank upon tho bed. A gnawing stomach, empty of food, takes out of the nightly sloop that refroshin-i sense of comfort which proporly belongs to it. It loaves tho blood to throb in tho heated brow, and haunts the slumbeier with an ever present source of diaquit It is like the sleep' which the mother takes while her sick child is .under the care of- watchers in anothor room. An unoasy stomach is just, like an aching heart in its effects upon the nightly roposo. A hoalthy porson who, »oos to hod on a full stomach will alway awake in tho morning with a bettor appetite for his breakfast If dinner .is eaten in tho middle of tho day and a light supper is served at C- o'clock in thn aftoruon, a lioarty luncheon should bo provided at 10 in the even ing, or just before the hour of retiring. Tho rule should be to oat at the last moment before going to bod, whatever that, hour may he. And this latest moal should not bo of ' light '.viands, as this phrase is commonly understood. Tho less a person eats at any of cake or pin, oi the countless llummories that go to make up a fancy tea table, tho bettor; but none of these should bo oaten at bod timo. Cold chicken;' cold roast boef, cornod hoof or wholesome treat of ;any kind,; with well-baked broad and huttur (sauco and pickle will do no harm), will serve, tho substantial requisites for this collation. Milk is perhaps the host of all whore tho pure article can be obtained. ' Bui den's Condensed ' will supply it in the hest shape to suit our taste, and, if this is used, it should be mixed with warm or hot water, instead of .cold, and eaten before it is cool. With bread and fruit (baked apples will servo when borries and peaches fail), this makes a very wholesome ov&ning; mn.al. All persons should bo cautions when they reform thoir habits in this respect. A mouthful or two each night at first is nil that should bo attempted, gradually increasing the. quantity until tho luncheon be comes a pretty substantial meal. If indigestion follows at any timo, chnwing tho montof one or two pooch pits (for the pruRsio acid in Thorn) is bettor than sending fora doctor. With ii clean conscience and a full stomach, any man in toler able health may derive from his nightly sleep that recuperation which ought to come from this sweet restorer of life's daily wear and waste.' He oot what he Wanted. — ' You had bettor got rid of that stove- pipe hat ; you'll bo livelier without it,' said a powerfully-built, rod face.d young truck-driver tho other day, as he nearly drove over a dolicate-lobking gentlenvm. Tho podostrian had to skip in an undignified manner to escape. ' You want your neck wrung badly,' ho said as he gained tho sidewalk, and looked af tor tho truck. Tho driver hoard him and pullod up the horses at once. ' Will you wring it ! he askod in gruff t»nos. The gontlo m-in took a f'w seconds to consider tho question. Then he said—' No, I'll loavo that job for tho hangnrni ; but I will flatten your nose, if that wi'l suit you.' It appoared that tho proposal suito'l tho drivor, for in thirty seconds ho stood before1 tho fragile-looking man. ' Now fla-tton my noso,' ho said rioliantly. Tfc was dono before tho words wore woll out of his in -uth ; and as he lay on his back in tho gutter the ''xpro.-sio» on his spattoro I countonance was that of pain and amazoment. ' What did you strike tho man for'?' asked a policeman hurrying up, and soizina tho gentleman by tho arm. ' Bociuiso ho asked me. to strike him, you know,' was tho roply ; 'and as ho looked like nn honest, good- | nat.nrod young follow, I didn't like .to disobligo him.' Tho policeman looked at the truckman, who rososlowly, and without making any com plaint mounted tho seat of his waggon and drove off. ' Woll,' said the policeman, impres sively, as he walked away, 'There's nocountin' for tastes.' -New York San. The Rcvuc Politiqua ct Literairc of Paris con tains an articlo on England in Egypt, attributed to tho p_en of M. Gambotta. The writor sets himself to show his countrymen how England, in working after her own particular interests, is really acting fdr the general welfare of Christen dom, so gravely menaced at the present time by tho hoavings of Panslavism. England, by hor vigorous proceedings, has, he says, rendered a signal sorvico to Western ' civilisation. Ad mitting that it 'was' a gravo error not to have taken measures for following up tho bombard ment of Alexandria by an immediate disembark ation, tho writor finds an okcuso for Mr. Glad stone's Government in their reasonable fear of piovoking international jealousies. When,how ovor, the massacres of Alexandria took place it was evident, ho says, that to have taken no action would havo heen to give the Mussubnen world tho impression that Europe was practi cally impotent. The interests of all the Powers concerned with Mahometans imperatively de manded that tho fanatics who .had established ovor Egypt a reign of terror should suffer an exemplary punishment, and no power bnt Eng land was willing to undertake the onerous duty of inflicting that punishment. Thus England has once more plaved the part of tho policeman of Europe in the East, and her intorest in tho matter coincidus'with the interests of all. Un less there is tranquility in Egypt, in which tho entire Christian world is deeply concerned, tho safety of tho Suez Canal cannot bo assured, and that passage is absolutely indespensablo to the greatest colonial and maritime power of the universe. The Uirittu (Italian journal)containsan articlo protestii/g strongly against tho telegrams re cently published by some London morning papurs, which, 'it declares go as far as to insinu ate that the safety of English subjects in Italy is in danger. The'journal .continues : — ' Tho policy of England is brought before the bar of public opinion' in Italy jiist as it is in Germany, Austria, Russia, and Franco ; but tho idea of .Italian antipathy to England has never entered into the question, such a feeling having- abso- lutely no existence. No one can have any doubt regarding tho friendly feelings onturtained by Italy towards England. Tho, services rendered by the latter to onr country remains vividly in her' recollection'. With England we have the; same institutions and aspirations, and tho samo ideal of progress and liberty. All those circum stances tend to the maintenance of tho friendly ties which unite us to Great Britain, which is Even though there may be discussions on souio; juestions, these do not partake of the character )f hatred, bnt of the loyalty displayed in tho uturcouise of friends.' At a fair, 'of tho Congregational Church at Palestine, Tex., forty young wonion gave an ex libition drill with fans, showing how gracefully md bewitchingly these articles can be used, rhen the fans were sold by auction, tho prices Jopending on tho popularity of their contribu tors, tho whole profit reaching 350 dols. When Sir .George.. Ross was- dining on one occasion with tho lato Lord Langdale, his host was speaking of tho very diminutive church in LangdalH ? of .which his lordship, was patron. ' It is not bigger,' said Lord Langdale, ?' than this dining-room.' ' No,' returned Sir George ' and. the living not half so good.' A Stouy av Fouu Funs. — There were once Four flus, and, as it happenod they were hungry nne morning. Tho first sottlod upon a sausago of singularly appetising appearance, and made si hearty meal. Hut he speedily died of intesti nal inflammation, for, the sausage wits adulte rated with aniline. The second fly breakfasted upon fliur, and forthwith succumbed to con traction of the stomach, owing to the inordinate quantity of alum with which the flour had be.6n adulterated. The third ily was slacking his thirst with tho contents of the milk jug, when violent cramps suddenly convulsed his frame, ami h6 soon gave up the ghost, a victim to chalk adulteration.... Seeing tins, the fourth fly in ut tered ? to himself, .'?'. The ? sooner its over the sooner to sleep,' alighted upon a moistened shoet of paper exhibiting the counterfeit pre sentment of a death's head, and the inscription ' Fly-poison.' Fearlessly applying the tip of his vjroboseis to this device, the fourth flv drank to hisj heart's content, growing more vigorous and cheerful at every mouthful, although ex pectant of his end. But he did not die. On the co'ntray, ho throve and waxed fat. You soo even tho fly-poison was adulterated. Tub Sajib Girl.— Tho girl with the long hair has appeared again, or more correctly speaking, the usual paragraph as to hor has (says tho New York Times) begun to ;;o the rounds of the pro*8. She is, of course, young and beautiful ; her hair is jiit black, and moasuros exactly 5'foot 7 inches in length, so that it.trails on the floor when sho walks with her back hair down; it is. per manently attache.'! to her head, and sho hits' never felt a moment's headache. This samo girl — or .paragraph — appears every two years. Tho first recorded appearance was in a country town in 18-1:2, and anyone who consults the file of a good daily newspaper will find hor. recruiting every two years sinco that flatn. It should, bo noted that she has novor 6n'c» app6are.il in any city, but always in a romoto rural village, and that sho invariably assorts that sho has never felt a mnmont's headacho. Now it must have struck many though I fill persons that it is very odd that this girl, with her wealth of back hair,' has never followed tho example of bearded women, and put herself on profitable exhibition. It is still moro odd that no 'reader of the Times has over seen this long-haired girl, or evon personally known anyone who has 8eon hur. Tho evidence of her oxistanco is strictly confined to newspaper paragraphs, and of direct .personal or pictorial testimony to hor oxistance thoro is not a scrap. The conclusion which inevitably suggests itself to a man of cool judgment and scientific habit of thought, is that no such girl oxists or over has oxistod. Thoro, is however, a very simple ex planation of the'inattor. It is a well- estiiblished fact that different varities of ardent spirits when drunk to excess produce difforontsortsof visions.: Thus, Now England or Jamaica rum leads. its victims to see soa-sorpents, tho New England variety differing from tho Jamaica in tho longth of thoir alleged nvinos. Brandy invariably reveals vast quantities of snakes, and when adulterated with strychnine produces visions of swarms of insocts. Our own native whisky con jures up visions of rats, and from the sizts and colour of the rats tho expert physician can tell whothor the patient has been drinking rye whisky or wheat whisky. Now, what is more probable than that girls with long back hair trailing an tho ground are tho result of indulgence in that favourite tipplo of the country — cider brandy or applejack; The victim of over 'indulgence in this deceitful bovorago finally reaches tho point whoro to his disordered vision thoro presents har solf.an imaginary girl with long back hair.' If ho happons to bo addicted to writing to or for newspapers' ho instantly sits down and writes an account of his vision. Before investigators can dfecnvor him he dies and is buried, and no ono suspects him of having pnlmod off upon an innocent newspaper a delirious dream as a valu able news item. We should think so, indood : — Apropos- of Egyptian affairs the Globe says : — ' Ono man of the 49th had an extraordinary escape. A shell passod botweon his Iol's, and tho oxpldsion carried away tho seat of his trousers. Ho was knocked over by tho shock and covorod wilh mud, but after being raised ho was found to bo ontirely uninjnrod.' A novelty in the way of boats has boon intro duced on the Thames. By means of an ingeni ous joint in tho oars tho 'rowers sit with thoir faces to. tho lioa-2,' and while' pulling in the ordinary fashion the boat moves forward. Sound Advice to Females.— Womon, as a goiioral rule, aro more apt, to suffer with lassi tude, debility and nervonsnoss, than men. In lion of consulting tho family physician, much trouble and inconvenience could be saved by taking- a simple prescription, which is always feasible and will invariably prove efficacious. Let them try UnoLPHO Wolfe's Schiedam AuoMA'nn Schnapps. Five Uentuhies of Success. — Towards the closo of tho loth century, tho Swiss discovered among thoir mountains an aromatic, and tonic herb, which on being incorporated with a ,pnre stimulating element, proved to be a most potent appetizer, tonic and assimilant. The compound was thenceforward known as 'Dew of the Alps,' and under that name has enjoyed a well-desorvod celebrity for nearly five hundred years. Of all the liqueurs wo have over tasted it is the most refreshing and agreoable,. and of all tonics, ro stoiatives, and assimilating preparations, it is tho most refreshing and agreeable, and of all tonics, restoratives, itnd assimilating preparations, it is said on good medical authority to bo the best. For its introduction into this market we are in debted to Messrs. M. Moss and Co., solo agonts for Australia. It is immensely popular in the mining district, and indeed everywhere as -a healthful restorative and delicious cordial. ' Hollo-way's Ointment and Pills. —Cough's, Influenzi. — The soothing properties of thoso medicaments render thorn woll worthy of trial iu all diseases of the respiratory organs. In common. colds and. influenza, the Pills taken in ternally, and tho Ointment rubbed over the chost and throat, are tsxooedingly efficacious. When influenza is epidemic, this treatment is easiest, safest, and surest. Holloway'3 Pills purify tho blood, remove all obstacles to its free circulation through the lungs, relievo tho overgorgod air tubes, and render respiration free, without re ducing tho strength, irritating the nerves, or de pressing tho spiiils, such are the ready means of saving suffuring when anyone is afflicted with cold, coughs, bronchitis, and other. chest com plaints, by which so ninny persons aro seriously and pormanuntly afHiotod in most countries. 