THE PARLIAMENT. ECHOES FROM THE SMOKING ROOM. [By A Scribbler.] A great deal of the time of the House last week was taken up with discussions on news papers—first, on Sir. Kingston's non-anony mity motion, and afterwards on the News paper Postage Abolition Bill, which has not the shadow of a ghost of a chance of being •carried. Referring to the non-anonymity debate, the speech of the younger of West Adelaide's representatives on Tuesday was " various," if 1 may drag in an Americanism. It was prodigiously, wearisomely long; it was monotonous in its repetitions, and mournful in its constant reiterations at the beginning of each sentence of the oracular " I say." One member who sat the speech out stakes his reputation as an arithmetician upon the truth of the assurance that " I say" occurred fifty-five times therein. But yet the address was highly interesting, and for an honourable and learned member it was thoughtful and earnest and temperate. Had it been but half as long it would have been entitled to the high honour of being one of Mr. Kingston's beBt speeches this session. But what robbed it of most of its weight was its honestly avowed foundational fault—" It is not necessary that writers should be compelled to sign their names to their articles; past expe rience has not proved such a thing to be needed; the respectable papers have never yet sinned against the laws of fairness of criticism. But here's the point—they may so sin. Or if the present editors don't, the papers may have unprincipled conductors in twenty years or so, and we'd better punish them in the meantime for the possible Bins of their successors." It 1 was that which fairly took the life out of the speech. It was as though the speaker, bewigged and begowned as a prosecuting counsel, were to say to the Jndge —"Don't misunderstand me, your Honor, I beg. Oh, no; ttiis man did not steal the purse—indeed, there is not a suggestion that he stole it; but it is just possible that he may take one by and by, or that his sou or his successor may take one. So he'd better be punished now." This is the reductio ad ab surdum which the Smoking-room has put forth with, at least, a show of reason it must he confessed. The Attorney- General's clause was evidently suggested as a compromise, and was carried as such by the members who, voting, understood what the compli cated jumble meant. Did they notice the peculiar ingenuity of the clause'! It says in effect" Whenever anything published in a newspaper shall be injurious to the character of any person a Judge or Special Magistrate may by his order direct the publishers to furnish to the person mentioned in the order the name of the writer or author." Look at the italicized sentence. That means, if it means anything, thisJjones, a notorious con victed ruffian, may be strongly commented upon iu a paper after his conviction. Smijth, a relative of Jjones, may wish to know who wrote the article, and he may get the Special Magistrate to insert his name in the order, and he can compel the publisher to tell him. •who wrote it. The clause does not say that -the man affected shall alone hai'e the infor mation, nor does it say that one order only shall he given. If a Judge he criticised he can give an order to himself or to any friend of - his to get the name, or lifty orders to give it up to fifty people may be served upon the publisher. Supposing there should by any chance or mis chance be an unprincipled Magistrate iu a small, isolated settlement—Port Darwin, for instance. Why, if this clause is to be en forced one of two things will happen. Kitlier abuses will not be touched upon in the news paper at all, or else those who do touch upon them will not live out half their days; whilst the business of undertakers, the calls of Coroners' Juries, and the fearful mortality of Pressmen will be the most notable features of the place. Now, more matured Legislative Couucilmen, the eyes of sensible, peace loving colonists are turned towards you. Shall this monstrosity live, or will you strangle it offhand ? There have been few South Australian politicians who have made progress at such a rate as the fortunate, straight, and honest Commissioner of Crown Lands. He is not a great frequenter of the Smoking-room, so he hasn't got so much of a certain kind of popu larity as some members have. He has a more respectful xjopularlty though; and when his political backbone shall liave become more rigid his usefulness and weight will be much greater. He is a trifle too impetuous, but is clear-headed after all; and he has evidently been working with Dc mosthenean ardour, if not with that old Greek's success, to imx>rove his oratory. He is still a highly nervous speaker; but he works uji bis facts and figures before he begins to speak, and his sxiccches read better than they sound, for his matter is better than his manner, and his voice is not a very tractable one. He is withal in the second class of our Parliamentary speakers, and those who heard him move the second reading of the Pastoral Leases Bill on Tuesday will agree with the Smoking-room when it predicts for him sjieedy transference to the hrst-rate list. Cunning as any oft-chased Keviiard is the affable Treasurer, or else singularly absent minded. Discussing the taxation proposals on Thursday, as soon as Mr. Bower had finished trying to make himself heard in the gallery amidst the tempest of talk which the House kexit up in competition at the same time, there was a minute's pause, which the Treasurer occupied in pondering xirofoundly over some documents on his desk. The Chairman put the motion and declared it carried, ana then the Chancellor of our Ex chequer got up with an excellent show of surprise—simulated or real, according to his " foxiness" or absent-mindedness. His look was meant to say—"Bear witness, gentle men, I—I really meant to reply to the speeches made against me, and I bad no idea till it was too late that the resolutions were so soon to be put." But the hot-headed Oppositionists in the room quote something like the laconic iihrasea of the namesake of ( the honourable and wealthy member for Noarlunga—" When you have nothing to say, say nothing. A weak defence strengthens your opxionent, and silence is less injurious than a bad. reply." In any case, would it not have been more in accordance with the fitness of things if the Treasurer had said at least—"Sir, I didn't introduce these resolutions against my will—indeed I didn't. Ex-Public Works was wrong when he said I did." , « : The Ornate Mcwber for Onkaparinga has been a somewhat prominent character m the House during the last few days. The Room has been smiling at one or Wo of his recent experiences. On Wednesday he fell to lecturing the Treasurer, who was speaking rather loudly to a choice coterie on the Ministerial cross-bench while Mr. Bees was addressing the House ox>posite. Turning round he said—" When the Honourable the Treasurer delivers a speech I ; always listen attentively to him, and do not interrupt him. May 1 ask him to extend the same considerateness to me i" The Treasurer, with the utmost cool neBS and suavity, remarked—"Oh, certainly," i and kept his word—for a while. Do members accustomed to talk to the anoyance of others | remember that there is such a thing as self love to be wounded? But there is another little story told of the last elected member for Onkaparinga, leaving out the little ei)isode between him and the honourable member whoBe longest and only speech is an unspeakably irritating, sarcastic '■ Hear, hear," aud wnose most vigorous effort in the House is a laugh, in competition with which Professor T'eufels drock's and a certain Australian bird's would have no show of success. To the tale, how ever. The Ornate was speaking on Briday, and an eloquent, liberal, and really able siieech it was, on the Newspaper Postage Abolition Bill; and soon after he had commenced a lady entered the House. Thereupon went round the benches an un mistakable murmur; for members had regard to Mr. Hawker's speech the other day—the speech in which he said that when ever a lady was present that particular lion, member indulged in an elaborate oration— and they felt that they must listen for at least an hour, if the lady stayed so long. \Vell, the address proceeded, the Bpcaker soating higher and higher in his liights, and becoming more and more effective. At length, unperceived by the orator, the lady lelt, and the Mischievous Member thereupon agreed with the Sedate Member to play-off'a nice little joke. The orator was laymg-on the finishing ornaments of liiB speech, wnen the Sedate Bidled up to him and said, jerking his thumb over his shoulder in the direction of the strangers' gallery—" Oh ! it's all right, i old chap; tue laciy's gone." The speech did < not last much longer, and it will never have the crowning glory which it would have had if the builder had not been interrupted. But au apology was demanded, aud given, so the Boom says. The Corporations Bill discussion showed how slight a veueration members have for the I City Council. The same thing has been shown in other ways too. Un Wednesday, for instance, Mr. Smith, referring to a provi sion suggested as to the stopping of tramcars at the intersection of streets, said—"T'lie City Council have lull power over the streets now. Their by-laws are quite sufficient to meet the case.'' "Oh," said the bigger of the 1 members tor Encounter Bay, " the City Council are great on by-laws. I wonder they ha\e not a by-law to prevent people sneezing in the public street." Parliamentary grammar lias heights and depths and widths and lengths too great for common minds to compass. Some day—one of the members threatens—there shall be a Smoking-room Joe Miller. In the meantime, one specimen of what that book shall con tain may suffice. A member is to move this 1 new ciuuse in the Corporation Bill this week: — "Notwithstanding anything con tained in the Municipal Corporations Act, 1880, or any by-law made thereunder, it shall not be necessary for auy person to liave a licence lrom any Municipal Corporation for thepurpose of trading or carrying afxmtforsale any fish, lruit, victuals, timber, tuci, vege tables, bay, straw, or other food for cattle." The hungry cow that ate up a line of clothes for dinner and the props for dessert was not "a circumstance" beside the omnivorous animals that this clause contemplates." The member for Noariunga, in his Smokers Bill, refers to cigars, cigarettes, pipes, " or other tobacco whatsoever." Is a pipe a sort of tobacco'! 