COUNTRY LETTERS. ALBANY, Dec. 22. Wool is passing into town on each successive day. After arrival it is dumped and shipped in the P. &0\. Co.'s. boats to London. All the wool from this end of the colony is to be taken by the company's steamers to England, they having afforded specially low rates to the wool sniped here. There are two boats from Albany now down the coast (east) which have gone to fetch the wool of the settlers from those districts. The clip has been good all round, most farmers having several bales more this season than last. There has been a stimulus given by Government to nautical men at this port desiring to be able properly to navigate the " launches, and " cutters" and " schooners" of the port. Several are reading and studying the pass examination as masters of aforementioned craft on coastal service. The examining board will sit soon, when these candidates will present themselves for examination. A little mishap which might have turned out very seriously for those concerned occurred on the last trip of the RMS. Peshawur the pilot crew of this station. After taking in mails for the colonies she lifted anchors at about break of day and as usual the pilot, boat was attached to her by a line, when, after clearing the harbour, the order was half speed. The Sound was ragged at the time. This, coupled with thesnrgeand roll of the steamer and the speed she was going at, made such an impression on the frail and rotten boat the pilot's crew were in at the time, that all the bottom fell out, and almost every nail and plank sprung, leaving scarcely anything but the frame of the beat. As soon as the crew found themselves suddenly plunged up to the middle in sea water and not able to find a foothold, they roar- ed out most vociferously that they were sinking, and that theboat'sbottomlhadfallenout. Happily for them they were heard, and fortunately the coxswain had the presence of mind to cut the tow rope or they would have been swamped. The Peshawur stopped her engines. Her officers and crew were one hour and a half in lowering a boat. Rather too long a time for a fast ocean steamer carrying a good complement of passengers to be in letting down a boat. Such slow work is a bad omen, if any serious accident should happen to her when not so near the land. During this time of waiting the men were in the greatest jeopardy, every wave sweeping over them threatening to swallow them up and wash them nearer to Point King rocks. At last the long expected ship's boat hove in sight just as these unfortunate men were about to leave the boat and swim for the rocks and to have got to these would have been full of danger, the tide being very strong at the time. They were taken to the Pilot quarters. One of the crew suffered a somewhat from cramps afterwards, which is not to be wondered at, considering they were several hours in the water. All of them were good swimmers. The boat would undoubtedly have sunk had the crew not slung buoys, which fortunately they had with them, at the bow and stern of her. I understand that the boat did not belong to the pilot station but had been borrowed from the water police. Greater care should be given to these boats, and they should be properly examined before venturing into rough water To say the least the, boat was rotten very rotten. Precious lives were risked in it and were only saved as it were by the skin of their teeth, and all on Government service and on Government duty at the time. Some foolish man dressed in a white hood and other snowy habiliments who has earned for himself the sobriquet of the " ghost " has been playing pranks in different parts of the town. If he is not careful his amusement may end in corporal punishment on his disguised body, the marks of which may be seen or felt for many a day. The Albany Printing Company's new premises on the terrace are now almost finished. The presses and machines with type have been put up, and in the course of a few days the "Albany Mail" will be issued. New business premises are being opened and old ones strengthened in various parts of the town. Messrs. Rose and Co. amongst the number have opened a drapery establishment in Mr. Treasure's new shop in York Street. This firm advertise themselves as wholesale drapers ; but the retail is virtually the most patronised now, any person may purchase from a £1 worth of cloth to a penny worth of pins. cannot agree with your contemporary's statement from its Albany correspondent regarding this new business. He states that the afore- mentioned firm has broken up the "storekeepers' monopoly." Thanks for this information. I had yet to learn there was such in Albany. I think this " monopoly " is still intact. I believe that for a long time past the old storekeepers have been able to offer a good article at a reasonable price, and that what is now a public boon' as declared by your contemporary's correspondent, might prove a calamity of no small order were the ' storekeeper monopoly' only to press the many enjoying the public been for the 'needful.' The storekeepers' monopoly' are giving credit for other goods to the parties who are taking their ready money to purchase this public boon' Now to say the least of it, it is very unkind of the Albany correspondent of the Inquirer to drag this matter before the public of the colony for its execution, especially when those most particularity interested have been enjoying the indulgence of this monopoly for years in the shape of long credit. When accounts are left un- paid for years it is necessary and quite legitimate to add fair interest on goods sold and delivered. GINGIN, Dec. 24. Old Christmas comes bringing many pleasant recollections, and although our climate excludes the yule log we can enjoy our roast beef and plum pudding, our cake, and the cup that cheers etc. in good old English fashion. The examination of the Government school took place yesterday when Messrs. Jones, Bayn- ham, and McGowan examined and awarded the prizes. The examination gave much satisfaction, and the demeanour and progress of the pupils reflects great credit on their teacher. The thanks of all the settlers are due to the District and Central Boards of Education for having established this school thus supplying a want that was long felt in the district. The prizes were distributed in the following order : Hamlet Jones, 5th standard, first prize, Minnie Dewar second ; Aubrey Dewar, 4th standard, first prize ; Ada Sands, 3rd standard, first prize ; 2nd standard, Cecilia Hackett, first prize, William Baynham second, Charles Jones third, Robert Collett fourth ; First standard, Flora Rhodes 1st, Catherine McGowan 2nd, May Baynham 3rd. The children went through a searching examination in reading and spelling, and displayed great patience through the tedious operation. Afterwards they sang the National Anthem, and retired in great glee to spend their holidays. a BUNBURY, Dec. 25th. A spell of exceptionally warm weather has prevailed since my last, and yesterday's heat was something excessive. Towards evening, however, dense clouds, heavily charged with electricity, obscured the eastern sky, and a cool refreshing north-westerly breeze set in, and this morning the heat is considerably modified. There is every appearance of our festive sea- son passing off quietly, nothing having been organized by way of a departure from the even tenour of our ways- save an entertainment at the Good Templars' Lodge on boxing night. Investigations into the troubled waters of domestic life have of late occupied the attention of our Resident Magistrate, and within the last seven days two individuals have been called upon under recognizances and sureties to keep the peace towards their better halves. In the absence of the customary Bacchanalian excesses which formerly necessitated an extra staff of police to preserve the peace at this merry period, our peace preservers have been directing their attention with an exclusiveness worthy of a better cause to the nomenclature on teams, and numerous instances have of late occurred in which owners of vehicles have been fined for neglecting to have their name and other necessary particulars painted on them. Notably amongst this number appeared on Saturday last our worthy representative, Mr. H. W. Venn, in answer to a summons for a neglect of this nature. From the evidence it appeared that Mr. Venn's dray had been recently painted with his name, and the name of the licensing body, together with the number of the licensee, but, in removing the sides for the purpose of loading wool last week, a portion of this inscription became obliterated, and on the next occasion of its proceeding to Bunbury the defaced portion of the lettering was chalked in. This temporary expedient, however, failed to escape the Argus eye, or satisfy the inquisitive mind, of Policeman X, who approached the dray, coolly wiped the particulars out, and, then, not finding the particulars as required by the Act, laid an information (the third that day) Mr. Venn, naturally enough, was loud in his denunciations of the absurdity and injustice of so trumpery a charge, involving his travelling a distance of twenty miles, to the great neglect of his business at this busy season. The Bench, however, failed to see any excess of zeal in the conduct of the police, and held them justified in ascertaining in this manner whether the name was painted as required by statute and whilst regretting to have to investigate a charge of this nature against a gentleman of Mr. Venn's position and station, they held the charge substantiated, and inflicted a fine of 5s. and costs. The Attorney-General has not yet left for Sydney, and a very general feeling of satisfaction pervades the community here at his elevation to the dignity of the bench. I believe Mr. Onslow has been inundated with congratulations from all quarters since the intelligence became public, and I am happy to say our climate appears to be bringing about some improvement in his health. Pertinacious enquiries continue to be made as to the date fixed for the Vasse show, as regards which there seems to be no definite information obtainable. Opinions here differ as to whether it is to be on Wednesday or Thursday next. E The lateness of the season, and its isolation from kindred exhibitions, will doubtless military against its success and the quality of its exhibits, and matters have been somewhat complicated by a rumour of a minority meeting having been held with a view of a further postpone- ment. His Excellency the Governor is expected to honor our town with a visit next Friday, and a demonstration of welcome is to be organized for the occasion. The sad intelligence of the demise of Mr. Inspector Howard, at York, has cast a gloom over our town, and created a void in our social circles, where he was very highly esteemed for his many endearing qualities in private life, whilst, far and near, he was equally respected in his public capacity. In shipping matters the Armistice and the Phoenix are both loading at the jetty, and the Annie Taylor arrived yesterday, under charter to the Bunbury Jarrah Timber Co., having discharged general cargo from Adelaide at Fremantle, and anchored in the stream here, twenty days out from Adelaide. The Johann Carl made a splendid run to Adelaide in fourteen days, with the last cargo of timber shipped from here. The Annie Lisle is expected at an early date, under charter to Mr. M. C. Davies, whose mills are now busily engaged on an extensive contract for 79,000 sleepers for Port Augusta, to be shipped in March next, at the rate of 7000 per month. YORK, Dec. 22nd. (From a correspondent.) In your advertising columns I notice that the Northam people are about to hold a bazaar on New Year's Day. The proceeds from the sale of useful and ornamental goods that will be offered, are to be applied to liquidate a debt on the Temperance Hall building, where the bazaar is to take place. The Northam band is to be in attendance during the day, and will, no doubt, prove an attraction. The evening is sure to wind up with the inevitable " hop, the usual termination to the pleasant gatherings for which our Northam friends are famous. It would not be an easy matter at this stage to venture a decided opinion as to the result of this year's harvest. From what I am able to gather, however, the crop returns will probably be far more satisfactory than anticipated a month or two ago. Prospects then, and previously, were by no means cheering, but late showers, almost amounting at times to heavy rains, have had the effect of filling out the grain, and a fair average season throughout may, I think, be calculated upon; in instances that I could name the yield of wheat is turning out better than it has done for years. It must be borne in mind, however, that where such is the case, something more has been done than merely scratching in the seed. Breaking up new land and careful farming are already repaying the outlay upon them and where the pursuit of corn-growing is to be followed up, with any prospect of being made remunerative, the same system must be persevered in. New wheat is beginning to come into our mills, where I am glad to see that steam is once more up again. Of the ruling price I can not speak with any certainty, as the same figure does not appear to be given at all the mills. In short there is no regular market. One merchant gives one price, and another merchant another; the ledger, in many instances, regulating the figure. Upon inquiry I find that something between 5s. and 6s. will be the price for the present, although as much as 6s. 6d. was given for the earliest deliveries. Of barley and oats I cannot speak confidently as yet, but hay is plentiful, and that means cultivation for next year. All things considered, the prospects of our bona-fide agriculturists are far brighter than they have been for some time past. A fresh stimulus seems to have been given of late to the sandalwood trade. Large quantities of very fine wood are being delivered daily in York, where I hear the ruling price for good samples is seven pounds per ton ; while as much as seven pounds ten shillings has been given for very large wood. Town property is increasing in value very considerably in our Eastern metropolis. The inn known as the " King's Head," in the occupation of Mr. J. T. Davis until the end of the present year, has recently changed hands, Mr. R. Chipper having been the purchaser, for two thousand five hundred pounds. Mr., Mrs., and Miss Edwards, and Mr. J. T. Monger, arrived in York at the beginning of this week, after a short visit to the other colonies. They are amongst us in time to pass, I hope, a happy Christmas with their families and friends' privilege I could heartily wish to be within the reach of all. The York band has lost two or three of its members of late, whereby their efficiency has been to a certain extent crippled. It is to be hoped that the vacancies will soon be filled up again, and that the York people will not be deprived of the pleasure which their band afforded them on nearly all public occasions. At an adjourned licensing meeting on Monday last, the 18th inst., a license was refused to Mr. Davis, of the " King's Head" Hotel Now that these premises have changed hands the granting of a license for another landlord will be considered at another adjourned meeting to be held on the 27th instant, when doubtless Mr. R. Chipper, the new proprietor, will resume the management of the King's Head, which was made a very popular house of entertainment during his former tenure. I see that the Roman Catholic Cathedral in this town is being got ready, as far as practicable, for the opening ceremony next month. A great deal, apparently, remains to be done to complete the building, but I have no doubt that our Roman Catholic friends will take care that it is in a sufficient state of forwardness by the time it is thrown open to the public. It certainly promises to be a great ornament to our townsite, and is a monument of the untiring zeal and activity of the Rev. Father Gibney,' in collecting funds towards its erection both in this and the neighbouring colonies. Our old and kind-hearted friend Mrs. Craig has so far recovered from her recent disastrous accident as to be able to take exercise in her bath chair, in the cool of the evenings. The injured limb, however, is not sufficiently restor- ed for Mrs. Craig to take walking exercise ; but, seated in her arm chair, she looks as well as 