OBITUARY. Henry Kendall.—Our obituary notices of August 2 contain the announcement of the death of Mr Henry Clarence Kendall, the well-known poet, on the previous day. This sad event creates a great gap in Australian literature that we have little hope of seeing quickly filled. Rhymaters we have in shoals, but a true poet, such as Kendall was, comes to us seldom, and unhappily does not tarry long. He has been ungrudgingly recognized as an exponent of the poetic sentiment of those young com- munities—as one who had communed with the spirits of our forests and hills and plains, and had been gifted with the power of interpreting the voice of nature in smooth, soft measures, and depicting her moods in brilliant imagery, To quote his own aspiration, he was one upon whom shone " A Flood Of light, ineffable, that made me feel As felt the grand old prophets, caught away By flames of inspiration." With the exception, perhaps, of Adam Lindsay Gordon, there is no poetic writer whose works breathe a purer Australian spirit, or are more deeply marked with the influence of the life and scenes of those lands. His poems gave evidence of close acquaintance with the " sweet singers " of other countries, but in and through- out all he betrayed the influence of his surroundings in his lonely forest homes, where he was frequently a self- condemned exile from the everyday world. English critics have acknowledged and commended the local colouring of his work, and they have also cordially wel- comed him into the ranks of poets, and expressed their hope of great things from him in the future. His work was of a character that improved as his powers matured, and had his bodily vigour not been so sadly impaired, he might have lived to raise a greater monument to his memory than even his " Songs from the Mountains " Each succeeding publi- cation showed greater power, deeper thought, and finer execution. His first book, "Poems and songs," which was published in 1862, was uneven, and in portions crude; his next," Leaves from Australian Forests," contained much better work, and established his claim as a poet of high merit; and his last " Songs from the Mountains," published last year, won for him the fullest measure of praise from the most capable critic. Fifteen years ago Mr. Kendall re- ceived commendatory notice from English literary journals, and in the London Athenaeum, one of the leading English critical organs, his work was noticed at considerable length. Two of his poems, " The Song of the Cattle Hunters," and " The Ghost Glen," were published in extenso. Mr. Kendall's career was chequered and gloomy, and and overshadowed by great troubles, of which he may have been partly the victim and partly the creator, but the few who gained an insight into his inner life knew that he often went out into the wilderness and wrestled terribly with his temper in a mental and physical struggle, of which, happily, few know the terrors. His work was tinged with the sorrow of his life. The dedication to his last collection of poems said:— " These are broken words Of blind occasions when the world has come Between me and my dream.No song is here Of mighty compass; for my singing robes I've worn in stolen moments. All my days Have been the days of a laborious life; And ever on my struggling soul has burned The fierce heat of this burned sphere. " The shadow of death has passed over the sufferer, and a career that was marked by few joys and many sorrows has closed just when it should have been at the zenith of its usefulness. In life he know much of the heat and burden of the day, and latterly he had learned to look forward to a period of eternal cessation from trouble— " Of folded hands closed eyes and heart at rest, And slumber sound beneath a flowery turf." Mr.Kendall, who was 40 years old at the time of his death, was born at Ulladulla, New South Wales. When only 18 years of age he commenced his career as a contributor to the Sydney press, and two years later published his first book, " Poems and Songs.'' His later publications were "Leaves from an Australian Forest," in 1889, and " Songs from the Mountains," in 1881\. In 1863 he held an office in the Lands Department, and subsequently was transferred to the Colonial Secretary's Office, where he remained until 1869, when he resigned and went to Victoria where he resided for some time and became a frequent contributor to the Melbourne press. He subse- quently returned to this colony, and accepted a situation at the Messrs, Fagan, of Camden Haven, where he resided till 1881, when he was appointed Inspector of Forests. He was the composer of the cantata for the opening of the Mel- bourne Town Hall, and the cantata for the opening of the Sydney International Exhibition, and the prize poem in commemoration of the last-mentioned event. Latterly his health broke down completely, and after a few weeks' severe illness he died of phthisis. The mortal remains of Mr. Kendall were buried in the Waverley Cemetery on August 3, the interment being wit- nessed by some of the dead poet's closest friends, and a number of gentlemen who know him only through his poems, and even thus had grown to love him. The poet's grave is situated in the most sheltered nook of that swelling upland which looks out upon the Pacific Ocean. A space suffi- ciently large has been bought to allow of the erection of a monument, should such a course be decided upon. The burial service was read by the Rev. Mr. Mitchell, of Waverley; and at its conclusion, as the first sounds, of earth dropping into the grave were heard, a lady, who seemed to be merely a chance visitor to the cemetery, advanced and showered upon the coffin a profusion of the lovely wild flowers which flourish so luxuriantly near at hand. MRS. WILLIAM HENRY.—Our obituary announces the death of an old colonist, Ann, relict of the late Rev.William Henry, one of the pioneer mission- aries to the South Sea Islands, in her 85th year. The deceased (who died on July 29) lady was born at Ryde, on the Parramatta River, was married at the early age of 16, accompanied her husband to the islands, where for many years she devoted herself with unflagging energy to mission work amongst the natives. She had a perfect knowledge of the Tahitian language, and greatly delighted the native teachers for New Guinea, during their recent visit to this city, by the vigour and ease with which she addressed them in their own tongue. In a leader which appeared in the columns of this journal more than 20 years ago, the life and labours of her husband are summed up in these terms of emphatic commendition:—"In whatever light the labours of Mr. Henry, the Nestor of missionaries, are surveyed, the world will unanimously pronounce him worthy of honour. As a pioneer of civilization and commerce, and as a teacher of the Christian faith,he maintained an unblemished reputation through all the trials of his long public life. As few men have lived so long, so few men have been permitted to contribute so largely to the elevation of the human race." For the success of his labours Mr. Henry was indebted in no slight degree to the courage, devotion, and ability of the good woman whose remains were interred on Tuesday last beside her husband's in the churchyard of the pretty village of Ryde, near to the spot where 84 years ago she had first seen the light. The deceased lady retained clearness of faculty to the last, and sank peacefully to rest, surrounded by many relatives and friends, esteemed and loved by all who knew her. Before the cortege left the residence of the deceased at the Glebe, a short service was conducted by the Rev. J.P.Sunderland, of the London Missionary Society, the Rev.James Rickards, of the Glebe Congregational Church and the Rev. Warlow Davies, M. A., chairman of the Congrega- tional Union. The service at the grave was read by the incumbent of Ryde. 