ACTA POPULI. By The Flaneur. Another glorious victov as juBt been acliievod by the British braves in Egypt. Unfortunately however this Bplendid triumph partakes very much of the victory gained by a young softhead named Abner Hopkins over one Jim M'Fadden. The usual woman was at the bottom of the trouble of course, and this is the style Mr. Hopkins related how ho successfully thumped his rival. ' First of oil T ohmnV Hio tno nf Jim'o Vinnf: wi)-.Ti TTITr lrni»n ? then I rushed in, hit his right fist an awful smack with my nose, and then I twisted my hair round his left hand, got down on my knees and belted my face against his right fist till I actually got tired of the dreadful punishmont, so I lay down on my back, and compelled Jim to fall heavily on me, taking care at the same time to hit him a sounding whack on the kneo with my stomach. I could have given him lots more only I -wanted to scoot down to the Oreek to wash the blood off. This appears to be the style of the fight between Sir Garnet Wolseley and Arabi Bey on the 9th, and in all probability Arabi has often been thraBhed before just the same as Mr. M'Fadden was. The Bengal lancers admit the Egyptians were just a shade too many this time. Lowe's cavalry in at tempting to storm the back door were driven round to the front, and then started home a trifle quicker than they came out. Wolseley acknow ledges having loBt 200 men, and we can safely take his -word he lost no loss. The military critics are loud in their praise of the manner the children of Egypt peppered away during the scrimmage. Arid finally, the bravest troops in the world went back on their ear, and the marker seored another point to Arabi. This is very consoling indeed,, especially to Mr. Bey ; but it would be interesting to know what the home Jingoes think of alltheir glorious vic tories now, and it .would be equally pleasant to know if anyone can tell what this fight is really about. When the famous bombardment, which knocked down a few mat huts, was finished, it was. definitely settled by the Gladstone gang that the cruel war was over ; but the fact is it has only just begun, and how it will end is becoming a matter for serious consideration. We have just discovered that Arabi Pasha is not exactly the wooden-headed old fool we thought he was, and that his army is not wholly composed of a lot of half- naked 'niggers,' armed with bits of iron hoop sind Queen Anne, muskets that shoot out of both ends at once, and at the time split up up the middle also, and of men who, like Falstaff *s can. scarcely raise a single shirt, between them. IJp to the present time we have only interested ourselves in the interest derived from Egyptian bonds, but we are now commencing to study the land o£ SesoBtris from quite a different stand point altogether. Firstly, we now perceive this Egyptian leader Mr. A. B., is as a general quite A. 1. He has clearly out-manoeuvred our best officers from the start, and he has pulled the wool over the di plomatists' eyes in a style that to us is not quite bo satisfactory as some might think it was. Day after day he has led Downing- street to believe he was thoroughly beaten and that, like the pro' verbial pig, ho was running about nicely baked, and with a knife and fork in his mouth begging Sir Garnet to come right along and eat him. After receiving the War Minister's consent Sir Garnet troops up to enjoy the feed, but suddenly finds Arabi's vanished, or, as the Italian said, ' when y' get to where he is you find he ain't there at all at all.' This will-o-the-wiBp game is splendid fun for the Pasha, but is telling mighty rough on our soldiers' boots, whilst the wearers must bo pretty well full of fighting a man they can't find. The climate muBt also toll against thorn, and the immense cost of carting free lunches about from place to. place will doubtlessly soon compel William Ewart to order a big tax on the Britisher's tobacco and beer, and the other ne cessaries of our daily life. This is sad indeed, and once more let us ask, what's it all about ? Time was when warriors struck for ' the ashos of their fathers and the temples of their gods ;' riowj however, they simply fight for loot, and have re duced their once honourable position to that of a common highwayman. Gf course our braves are not to blame, but those who rule them are. In a letter to the Times one Captain Oolomb, points out only one-ninth part of British ; com' merce passes through the Suez Canal, and then ho pertinently asks what would become of the rest of England's trade if she had to blockade another enemy's ports now to prevent the escape of hostile cruisers, &c;, when so largo a proportion of her fleet has to ooacentrate in the Canal to prevent Arabi going down with a pint pot and baling out all the water. : Those are the Captain's sentiments, though perhaps not exactly his very words, but tho whole of his chat clearly tends to provo Britannia doesn't rulo quite as much of the waves as sho did in the days of Anson, Drake, and Nelson. Now is the time to lend our help, so let us at once cart home the Wolverene; ? She' might distract an enemy's attention until Downing^1 street found out where it could buy the cheapest powder. : ? After all this Egyptian trouble has done some good ; a recent ttcho genius haying discovered and printed the fact that ', soldiers must eat in peace as well as war.' ! This is a Btartling statement to make, however, when wo, are paying 6d. a plate for hash, 5d. a pound for ' keg meg,' and tho mysterious sausage is now so wonderfully made that no one is at all surprised when he or she finds in a ' string' a miner's right, or a heap of assorted buttons. As the ' JSoJio says nothing about the eating requirements of tho constabu lary foroe at present in Ireland, I presume they only oat in timeB of peace, and when the cat can be safely blamed for the hired girl's embezzlement of the cold victuals. It would therefore be most desirable to recall our troops and start off a squad of police to evict the Fenian Arabi. This is a true bill — true, in fact, as the solemn word of a C.M.G. with two hats on. Last Mon- day a Windsor lady and her little son aged 7 were jogging along up King-street, and as they passed that erysipelas-hospital-looking pile called the Supreme Court the youngster tugged at his parent's dress and gravely asked : ' Ma, is that big place the Poorhouse? ' Ma didn't know, but she thought that she had seen cleaner cow- sheds. By the way, why does the Mayor ' pass ' that rookery ? It should have been tumbled over long ago. This is the way a certain reliable squatter ae counts for the present high state of the milk in our provisional cocoanut. , To bring [a hundred head of cattle from a black block to Sydney for sale necessitates the paying over by the producer the sum of nearly £170. The worst part of the affair, however, is that if the said squatter paid £170,000 for the lot, he couldn't get his cattle to Sydney when he wished, as tho number of trucks kept at Dubbo would scarcely carry enough beef to support a blaekfellow's camp. Only the other day 3000 fat bullocks arrived at Dubbo, but jthe; 'Strongest Government' oould only supply trucks for 600. We are now depending on Queensland for our meat supplies, and the only explanation Mr. Lackey can give is, 'the trade i9 extending beyond tho most sanguine expecta tions.' It is doing nothing of the kind. Even a blind man could see how things would be when the great preserving business started ; but tho fact is the Ministry have been so occupied attending free feeds themselves, that they have had no time to attend to tho wants of their representatives. Meantime the free and ' independent' are paying , famine prices for ' keg meg,' but, copying tho French princess, Mr. Lackey no doubt will say, ' if the people can't get beef and mutton, lot thorn live on roast turkey and Marco bruner.' Tho gross incompetency of the railway department in this respect is — well, it's fully equal to that of most other departments. Whioh iB saying a very great deal indeed. : , A letter addressed Cleveland -street E,, Bed fern, and dropped into the G. P. O. at 2 p.m. on Saturday occasionally reaches its destination at half -past 10 on Monday morning, and as the return post closes about half an hour after, a person wishing to Bend a reply hag to grease his hands and heels to catch tho mailman. Any old crow-roost of a horse can do the journey in twenty minutes. The nearest telegraph office would take Scone Wataon an hour to ? reach by land ; and yet this particular end of Bedfernisas thickly populated- now, as- a 'sojur ant 'bed is during the grasshopper season. This is smart work .for the 'greatest country in the whole world,' but it is : satisfactory to know Sir 'Enry has at length woke up to the fact that a Sunday delivery is almost as important as the running of steamers and trams for 'boozers.' He works the telegraph officials all Sunday; but perhaps their salvation is not so important as that of a postman's. .It is told of a certain Australian aristocrat that on his recent tour to ' Yoorip' he put up at a boss American hotel. On entering tho best parlour tho first morning of his stay ho took a seat at a table , and was fooling around for the Daily 'Telegraph when he was ac'cootod by a most distingue looking gentleman in full dress : swallow-tail coat, white vest, lavender tie, and boots that shone like a blackf ©How's hide at a ' cobawn oorroboree,' and this party smilingly asked : 'What will you take milor?' 'Beally you havo the advantage over me, Sir,' replied ' tho Australian mugnato bow ing cautiously — ' lernmo see, '.where'' did wo meet last?' Was it iii the 'Ouso in Sydney P' ' Tho other gentleman blushed like a boilod prawn, but recovering, said once more, 'What will you take, sir?' ' Nothing thank you kindly,' returned the colonial, 'but pray be seated, and let us have a little conversation. Now my opinion of ; your oountry is, it wants expanding, more opening up in the interior, and so forth j but above all things it wants most a compotont leader, a man who can write — ' 'Excuse me, sir,' chipped in the friend, 'I'mcalled.' At dinner time our mag nate discovered ho had .been spouting away to the waiter. Tableau, and very slow music in deed. . t .!.?.. ; ?? :.'.?:?; - : .. ?;' .. ?.,' ;j ''; '? ;?/' I suppose everyone and his family have heard of a place called Balmain. It is situated' ' over there ;' bounded on the N. by Quserislahd, and oa tho S. by Frank Smith's Hotel at Botany, on the E. by South Head, and on tho W. by either a dead horse or the Erysipelas Hospital at Parra- matta. : This week I intended saying a word or two respecting Balmain, but the terrors' of a sea voyage prevented my going over by water, and I hadn't time to walk round. What I particularly wanted to say is that Balmain is the one spot about these parts where capital and labour seemingly; , stand on a fair and equal footing. This is good ; for when brains drive, and sinews pull,' the State coach jogs along nice and smoothly. , ,...,. There's a' leprachaun' in Balmain, however' in the shape of Alderman Eenriiffj and on thiB Alderman hangs a tale. Firstly, , he is the stauEchest friend the working class has ; he started life in Balmain on a soldier's supper — ? that is a pannikin of water and a go to bed, and now he is the man that our bleeding country pants to see in Parliament. As an alderman, -he' is a perfect SamBon with all his hair on, as he has never moved a resolution yet that was not carried, and he never gave mouth to a motion that was not for the public good. More of this anon. Not long ago . this aforesaid suburban Father was polkaing along up Sussex-street, when he saw the Wooden figure of a nigger hanging in front of a tobacconist's shop and suspended by the neck by the aid of a piece of rope. The mouth was opeD, the eyeballs staring, the tongue protruding, and tho tout ensemble ghastly to the last degree. ®ne glance sufficed to Bhow Alderman Kenniff there was something wrong, and one good stiff spurt; found him at the top of Bathurst- street, where he met full private constable Sullivan. ' There's a blackfellow hung himself below at tho Market Wharf,' said Alderman Kenniff. ' Th' divil there ia,' replied Constable Sullivan ; ' I'll bg there immajitely,' and so Baying ho rushed to the battle-field. In the meantime, a colt v/ho was fastened to a truck of oranges, and who had evidently been gaziug on the corn until it looked scarce, took tho liberty of standing on his head, and of course upset his cart, and then the usual crowd assembled. When the breathless constable Sullivan reached the spot, he turned upon his aldermanic friend, and roared, 'Why there's no hanging here at all ; it's only a case of spilt oranges.' Then tho irnacent Ke^Biff pointed up to the tobacco man's effigy, and as he made tracks for Balmain, Mr; Sullivan observed fortissimo, ' May tho curse ay9, the goese that ate th' grass off Judas Iacariot'a grave light upon yo ; may the ghost av Pontius Pilate's mother-in-law haunt yo till th' end of time, an' if showery thin until five days after ; and may the—' That's all that Alderman Kenniff heard — but as ho himself says, it was quite enough for ono innings. 