Taree. (FROM A CORRESPONDENT ) THE first step forward, or to the advancement or improvement of our township, by our Progress Committee, is to imitate or rather to go back to the early days of gum trees and brush &e.;, by placing an original stump as a pedestal for a letter-box on the foot path of one of our principal streets. Not only is it an eye sore by its crude appearance, but dangerous to any one coining in contact with it. Taree is not lit up with gas at night, so that the traveller might see this ornamental structure. I feel certain that il I by chance ran against it in the dark,' and in any way injured nivself, I should try and find out who it was that placed such an obstruction in the street. Its usefulness as a letter box is great; it was a want long felt, and all praise is due to those who moved in the matter in getting such a want supplied. But while they were about i why iot have something more ornamental ? what must strangers think or say when they behold such a sight. Since I wrote the above I have heard that it was not the work of the Progress Committee to place the stump in the street as described, but the .\Iavor or one of the Aldermen at the suggestion of one of the coming M.P.'s. and probable C.M.G.'s. The work of the Progress Committee will be simply at first to bring the road from Tinonee through the Taroe Estate via Steam Packet Hotel, right on through Mr. Bel ford's paddocks, along the river bank to Cundletown. This will be grand—mind you, this is not official. Nor yet is the proposed site of the School of Arts " agin ye'r own door" official—oh! no. It has been difficult to determine on any particular site owing to the uncertainty of the exact situation of the Railway station, and we are fraid to ask Henry or Jar;k as to its where- Vuts, owing to their losing so much by lie Ic-te fire. You see they might swear and say you won't have no railway at all. So we thought tn wait a bit. Somo talk of having the streets watered from the n;ain—that '11 be nice. Oh! but none of these things, not even the letter-box, comcs up to the Railway—no sea siffeuess—no schnapper fishing out side, and a chance of getting your ii-jad punched bv a Sir Benjamin if you happen to object. Bye-the-bye, have you seen or heard of the ghost ? oh ! yes we had a ghost the other night that quite alarmed some of the inhabitants—but it turned o-it to be old what's-his-name—bless me ! I can't think of his name. Well, it seems he was patrolling the streets in Adam's rig—and BO forth, &c.;, &c.;, &c.; The larrikins are carrying on some nice games. I think we have some of the nicest boys or set of vagabonds in creation. Tying tin cans to horses tails—smashing windows, &c.;, and if you speak to them they tell you it's no harm, as David Buchanan used to do worse thau that when he was a boy. No one of any common sense now-adays ever thinks of threatening a boy over two years by telling him that he will tell his father of his doings. Lor' bless you, there is plenty of fathers afraid of their children knowing what they do. Oh ! before I forget it, what w'll you give for a snake yarn ? I have several of the best sort and I can alter them a little. You had better give a good price, as I can get another party to give any money for them. Now the summer is coming in is yer time. Here, I'll give you one. The other night a farmer heard a noise amongst his pigs. On going into the stye he found a snake with one of his best pigs in his mouth—the head just disappearing. He hauled on to the pig, and after a hard struggle got it back, but nearly lost his own life, as the snake made for him. 