THE JEWS GIFT. A.D. 1200. XHE ADDot wiiieci it, aLd it was done. Tney hanged him high in an iron cage For the spiteful wind and the patient sun To bleach him. Fr.itb, 'twas a ornel age ! Just for no efrime they hanged him theie. When one iB a Jew, why, one remains A Jew to the end, though he swing ia ait From year to year in a suit ol ohains. 'Twae May, and the bads into blossom broke, And the apple-bonghs were pink and white; What gruesome fruit was that on the oak, Swaying and swaying day and night ? The miller, nrging hiB piebald mare Over the cross-road, stopped and leered ; But never an urohm ventured there, For fear of the dead-man's long white beard. A long white beard, like carded wool, Reaching down to ihe very knee, 01 a proper sort with whioh to poll A hereuo Jew to the gallows-tree. Piteous wt>men-folk turned away, Having no heart for snoh a thiDg; Bat the blhokbirds on the alder-spray For very joy of it seemed to sing. Whenever a monk went shuffling by To the convent over against the hill, He would lift a pitiless pious eye, And mutter, "The Abbot but did God's will." And the Abbot himself slept no whit_less, Bat rather the more, for this his deed; , And the May moon filled, and the lovelineBS 01 springtide flooded upland and mead. Then an odd thing chanced. A certain clown, On a certain monucg breaking stone By the bill-aide, saw, as he glanced down, . That the heretic's long -white beard was gone- . . Shaved as clean and close as you ohoose, As close und clean as his polished pate ! Like wildfire spread the marvellous news. From the alehouse bench to the convent gate. , v And the good folk flocked from far and near, And the^iaonks trooped do»n the.rooky height; 'Twas a miracle, shat was very clear-. The devil had shaved the Israelite ! - Where is the Abbot ?v Quick, go tell ! . ; s . Summons him, knave,'sdeath 1'^straight way ! The Davil has sent his barber from hell, Perchance there will be the Devil to pay ! Now a lad that had climbed an alder-tr6e, The better to overlook the rest, . ? Suddenly gave a shout of glee At finding a wondrous blackbird's nest, 'Then suddenly flung it from hiB hand, For lo 1 it was. woven of human hair, Plaited and braided, elvand upon strand No marvel the heretio's chin was bare 1 Silence fell upon priest and down, Each stood rivetted in his place ; , The brat that tugged at hiB mother's gown' Caught the terror that blanohed her faoe. Then one, a patriarch, bent and gr6y, - Wise with the grief of years fourscore, Picked up hiB staff, and took his way By the mountain path to the Abbot's door And bravely told this thing of the nest, How the birds had never touohed oheek or eye, But daintily plucked the fleecc from the breast ' To build a home for their young thereby. " Sorely, if they were not afc-ard (God's little choristers, Ires of guile !) To Berve themselves of the Hebrew's beard, It was that he was not wholly vile I ' " Perhaps they saw with their keener eyes The graoe which we missed, but which God sees Ah, but he reads all hearts likewise, fThe good in tliosa, and the guilt iu ihase, Precious is mercy, Oh my lord I " .x Humbly the Abbot bqwad his bead, And, making a gcsiure of accord «'. What would you have ? The knave is dead." " Oartes, the man is dead ? No doubt Deserved to die-as a Jew he died Bat now he ba'h served the sentence out (With a dole or two thrown in beside), Suffered all that.ha may of men-. Why not earth him, and no more words ?" The Abbot pondered, aad Bmiled, and then "Well,well| since.be gave his beazd to the birds 1" -THOMAS BAILEY ALDBICH, in the Atlantic Monthly. \ THE BOGIE OP OGILYIES,-Some curious statements are appearing in reference to a ."warning," ale^edto have preceded the death of Lord Airlie oat West. In the Airde family the death-token is the beating of a drum, and this signal has frequently been heard by reputable -witnesses. The late Dr. Norman Macleod, the. famous editor o.E Good Words, lent the weight of his testimony to some extent tf> it. Others declare that ju3b before the death of Lord Airlie's father in 1S49, they were staying at Airlie Castle, in Forfarshire, and heard the mysterious muaic .long before they were aware that he was dying in London. It is also reported that the ghostly drum mer-boy was again heard just before the death of the late peer in Colorado. One of the servants heard it first in the corridor, and it; i9 said that the sounds oleo reached the iocm of Lady Aiilie, whose great prostration was partly caused by this dreadful visitor. The affair has given rise to considerable correspondence on the subjects .of ghosts, wraiths and second* sight-.JiSzchcmge. j 