FIFTY LASHES. [BY ATHA.1 CHAPTER II. There are^ few scenes more charming than the Ohau Valley, Taranaki, the spot where the Volunteers had formed their bivouac on the 24th of December in anticipation of meeting the rebel Maoris. It was Christmas Eve, the time, night—a calm lovely night, with moon and stars studding the dark-blue canopy of heaven, and lighting up the dim outline of rock and chasm on the surrounding cliffs. The camp was composed of six hundred rank and file of the Auckland Rifles, together with one troop of Caversham's Horse. The latter had pitched their tents on a small hill where the commissariat stores had been placed and covered with a vast tarpaulin. Of the forty men comprising the troop, ten had been told off as guard under the command of Corporal Exley. The supply of provisions was only limited, and needed but one sentry at a time as watch and ward; but there were also several quarter-casks of rum, and these latter were dangerous to any poor tippler who chanced to have charge in the still dead night with no eye looking on. This idea appeared to take possession of the corporal, who gathered the guard together about the watch fire, and said:— " Comrades, I need not remind you of the general order issued this morning. We are under martial law here in the field. Colonel Bartopp is a, very strict officer, and will punisn the slightest carelessness with severity, mind that; and above all remember that any man found tipsy while on duty will assuredly be flogged. You understand." There were others around the fire that did not belong to the guard. One a short, broad-shouldered, jolly-looking fellow, who had evidently seen more of the sea than terra firmer, to judge by his gait and conversation. TTis name was Bob Staysail, and while the corporal spoke, was deeply engaged trying to balance a camp pot on the rough nose of a large black water spaniel at his side. This experiment with the dog appeared equally interesting to another individual— viz., a barelegged Maori lad, about fourteen years of age, who stood by with mouth agape. The Loy^ who answered to the nom de plume of feanfly, was one of that gender Known as a camp follower and general knockabout. He could speak English pretty well, so far as lying went, and was withal one of the most mischief-loving young vagabonds in Maoriland. As the night waned apace, there arose a keen east wind which made the air biting cold and set the white tents shivering like so many sheeted ghosts under the moonlight. The Maori lad, prowling round for some place of shelter for the night, found a snug corner beneath the tarpaulin which covered the stores, and there retired to rest without more ado. The party round the fire had gradually become less and less until only two persons remained—Charlie Stanton and Bob Staysail. It was easy to perceive that a warm and sincere friendship existed between these twain. Yet no two men were more opposite in person and characteristics. The one handsome, gentlemanly, and refined in bearing, but weak and yielding to pusillanimity. Tl.e other coarse, plain of person, yet obstinate and determined as a bulldog. How came these contradictions to be friends'! Simply through one little act of kindness. At the storming of the Maori stronghold "Te Banga," Bob Staysail lay bleeding to death from a severe fleshwound outside the enemy's trench. At the risk of his life Charlie Stanton went out and brought in the wounded man upon his back amidst a perfect hailstorm of Maori bullets. It was a gallant, kindly deed, and Bob Staysail had shown his gratitude in language more forcible than polite. And here they sit by the fire with the dog between them, and a small flask of nun which has been emptied to the drejjs in going over their experiences of the Waikato cam paign. Presently there is a call for number four, and Charlie Stanton being that number of the guard, he is marched over to relieve the man posted, on the commissariat. Silence now reigns throughout the camp save for the wild screech of the pelu out yonder by the lake. " Sanfly," couched beneath the friendly tarpaulin, is suddenly awakened from his rosy dreams by the sound of voices in the vicinity. The Maori noiselessly lifts one end of the covering and peeps forth. Corporal Exley is standing with a tin pot in his hand talking to the sentry in a low earnest tone. " Indeed, Charlie, I see no great harm in taking an extra glass of grog on such a cold night. Of course you are on sentry, and can therefore prevent me from taking any ; but with your permission I should like just a dram to keep out the wind." " Do as you please, Exley," answered the other. "You have charge of the guard. There are the casks. But, I say, what about your caution to the men respecting general orders and Colonel Bartopp's discipline/' T he corporal laughed. Surely you didn't swallow all that nonsense," said he. " Lord, I feel inclined to roar with laughter at all the humbug sent forth in orders, general or otherwise. Red tape and bunkum ; nothing else. I'll bet Colonel Bariopp has not retired to his couch without a skinful of good liquor. And why then should we, who Gave to watch the long night theougli, stand trembling here, when we have it at our hand. '' Bravo, Corporal. N ot the slightest reason in life, except that its against orders to" " Bother the orders." " With all my heart. How are you going to draw the grey ? Through the bunghole " No. That would be foolish. See, I have a gimlet," responded Exley, holding up the implement to the light. " Nothing easier than to spile this fellow, here, standing on end." "Good. Proceed." Tyerrell Exley cast a triumphant look at his companion ere he went down on his knees to bore the cask. Had the weak, inconstant fellow seen that look he might have been upon his guard against the craft and subtlety of the artful scoundrel before him. But Charlie Stanton, measuring the man by himself, saw nothing but a good natured friend and comrade who wanted a glass of gro^, and was bold enough to hazard his stripes for it. Crawling from his cove as silently as a serpeni. Sanfly beheld the sentry bending forward with the pannican over a thin stream issuing from the rum cask. How the liquor hissed and gurgled as it spouted into the pot! Ere it was well filled Charlie had placed Ms thumb to the spele hole, and had. taken a draught of the burning spirit. Then refilling it, sat him down on the puncheon with his leaded carbine between his knees. " Nan, this is what I call rather pleasant than otherwise, considering we're on guard," said he. " Come, Exley, take.a pull aud pass it round." " We must be cautious, Charlie, and not waken the others in the tent. It is now past midnight, and I dont expect the visiting officer before 4 o'clock. There's plenty of time—except you feel sleepy." "Not at all. I am content to remain on my post until daylight, providing I have this to keep me company, retorted Stanton, again placing the rum to his lips, and drinking deeply. The corporal watched him with glistening eyes. " Steady, comrade, you will be tipsy, he said, with a quiet laujrfi. *' Nonsense. Here, hold my rifle, while I replenish the measure." One p.m. by the corporal's watch—and the corporal's companion growing thick of speech, and rather noisy. In another half hour the poor dupe is staggering about, moralising, like one of Congreve's heros to the empty air. He will have another sip of the liquor, and he lias his way, for he is beyond reason now. The .fiery stimulant has mastered liim completely. Anon he is nothing but a grovelling bundle of humanity, his laugh cracked, sense gone, and talking ze Gods ! such rubbish ana ribaldry that- the corporal grows disgusted and leaves him alone in his glory. The officer of the night begins his rounds earlier than was expected. At half-past 2 the Comndssariat Guard turned out at his summons and was dismissed as correct. " How many sentries have you, Corporal ?" "Only one, Captain." "I will visit him." It was usual for two men and the person in charge of the guard to accompany the officer while visiting the sentries. ETxley called two of his comrades, who conducted the Captain over to the pile of stones; but of course there was no one to challenge their approach. " Halt," cried the officer. " Where is your man, Corporal Exley ?" he asked in a tone of surprise. H Before the question could be answered the Maori lad emerged from his lair, and pointed out the dark inert form of the tipsy sentinel stretched upon the ground fast asleep. A light was brought from the guard tent, and they tried to rouse him, but in vain. There was no need to ask questions or to speculate over the affair. The leaking cask—together with the gimlet, lying beside the panuakin half full of rum—told its own Etorv plainly. " This is a very sad thing," cried the corporal, with well feigned regret in Ms tone. " What is to be done, Sir?' "Done! Why your duty Corporal of course," responded the officer. "Carry the poor devil to the guard tent and post another man in his stead. I'll report to Colonel Bartopp on my return. _ Good night." Morning came with its rosy blush", tinging the Mil tops and kissing the slumbering en- campment into renewed life and activity. It found Corporal Exley pacing moodily before the guard tent where liis unfortunate victim lay sleeping away the fumes of intoxication. " Is this but the prelude to her dream?" lis muttered. " Gad it would seem so. Here are the circle of hills, bare and tree'ess overlooking the valley. Yonder the Ohau La'te gleaming in the sun like a burnished shield. What more? Shall the curtain rise to-day uj on the first act of the drama? the formed square, and the man tied to the triangles? We shall see. There is only one punishment for the crime of drunkenness while on duty. And now to snatch an hour's sleep ere the Court assembles. He turned into the tent, and at that moment the voice of Sanfly was heard calling for Snap, the dog, who rail frisking towards the boy in great glee, and the pair raced down tbe hill towards the tent occupied by Bob Stavsails. (To h. ccutimi'u.) 