THE PERPLEXITIES OF CAPTAIN FIERAMOSCA. L Doubtless you, reader, like evetybody else in these travelling days, have been to Venice. You have seen the great sights, properly admired the sunsets from the Lido, dreamed very delicious hours in a gondola, fed the pigeons and waited for And, inspired by the later prophets, you have explored the narrow calli is search of Byzantine fragments. Yon have dawdled on the little Bridge or by the stepB where the fruit-barges unload, and yon have watched the myriad sparkles of the lovely green water caressingly creep up the mournful walls of the houses. All this yon have done, and more ; bnt perhaps yon have never joBt chanced to stray into the Campiello Nnovo. When it came by its name it were hard to say, for there was nothing new abont it. Once, as an inscriotion on the wall records, it was a cemetery, and ceased to be one at a comparatively recent date. Something of the mild and melancholy grace of its former office clings to it still, and ,for all its woefnl sbabbiness, renders it instinct with a pathetic and pictnr- - esque charm. On one side (the moBt prosperous and least attractive) rises a white honse with red brick mouldings, behind which the acacias of a pleasant garden are jnst visible above the high stone wall Opposite is a jumble of irregular build ings, whose mildewed walls and gaping creviceB the weeds soften here and there with feathery tufts of green. Most of the shutters are closed ; those which are open hang often bnt by one rnsty hinge. From one house projects a little wooden terrace partly overhang with creepers and crowded with flower pots, «uu ouutKU tru oiunii fniovcu uiuuio columns. All about, up and down, with no order in their placing, are tiny windows opening obvionsly into lowly rooms. In front of another line of dwellings runs a low wall, and in the midst of this is a small, myeterions-look- ing green door which might be tbe entrance to the bonse of Bluebeard. A water-carrier with her bronze pails slung from her shoulder rings at this : the little door opens noiselessly, pulled back by nnseen hands ; a glimpse is given of a narrow paved court set about with flower-pots, and then tbe water-carrier (bearer perhaps of a secret note to Fatima) disappears with a Bplash and a jingle, and a greeting in her soft Venetian to some hidden friend within. Into all this dreaminess and decay Captain Fieramosca flashed like a meteor. He snddenly appeared on the grass- grown pavement one sunny morning, and be tween bis golden epaulettes and his raven moustache, startled the ' humans almost as much as he did the pigeons. With the difference, however, that to the former he was a very welcome sight, for Venice was still in all the fever of her liberation. For the smallest festa the tricolour was slung across every calle ; the canals still echoed to the sonnd of the Garibaldian Hymn ; the children everywhere still shouted for glee as the betsaglieri with their drooping plumes aod rapid steps strode past them. Consequently, when it appeared that the young officer was in search of some body, a dozen people came forward to help him. ' Was it the Siora Elena ? No, it was the Siora Maria ! Ecco 1 here on the left.' Aud on his finally passing nnder the green door (which turned out to have nothing to do with Bluebeard after all), quite an excited little group of friendly intruders followed him and gave him contradictory directions from mere excess of zeaL The persons whom Captain Fieramosca sought, it appeared, were three sisters, two old maids and a widow, who lived together on the third floor of a house. As he reached the landing indicated to him, and before he had time to ntter a word, the little brown maid who stood at the open door, after gaping at him wildly for one brief moment, suddenly darted back screaming, 'Siora Maria 1 Siora Maria 1' And straight upon her cry down a narrow passage rushed a stout, untidy woman, sobbing rather than crying, ' Mi fio, mi fio 1' and precipitating herself into the astonished officer's arms, be stowed upon him an embrace as loving as it was snuffy and altogether unsavoury. Captain Fieramosca staggered back, as well he might, the lady did the same, and there ensued a rapid interchange of ex planations from which it appeared that onr hero had been mistaken for the widow's sod. ' It was the maid's mistake in the first instance, and then the dark passage and the uniform. Bnt for her part she was not sorry to have kissed even that. Doubtless the Siguor Capitano under stood her feelings ?' said the still pal pitating mother. He understood them quite well, and being the softest-hearted of warriors for gave them, and the memory of the snuff becoming fainter, presently even sympath ised with them. And by the time that he had entered the little dwelling-room and been introduced to two more slat ternly and smiling womeD, had sat down and produced the package which he had brought from Signora Maria's son, he was on as friendly terms with the trio as though he had known them for years. Nevertheless, an inquisitive per- Bon might have wondered why, when the first outburst of conversation languished, uaplainJHeramoscasnouianoi havet&ken; Lis leave. And a very observant person, noticing how often his eyes wan dered towards a particular door, might have found in that fact the explanation of his staying. For at that door, on tbe young officer's entrance he had caught a brief vision of a pale little face with huge black eyes, and a cloud of goldeu hair. An untidy tittle head, but a very pretty little one as Fieramosca bad not been slow to discover. And interpreting sun dry movements behind the door to the effort to present a favourable appearance generally, he sat twirling his beloved moustache and growing every moment more monosyllabic and more determined not to move. And presently his patience was re warded. For a black veil on its head, a prayer book in its hand and its eyes de murely cast down, in tripped the virion. Captain Fieramosca sprang to hiB feet, staring with all his might of admiration and rapture. My daughter Clelia,' said the widow, adding in a quick, sub-add undertoc 1 Why, may I ask, have you dressed your self np tike that 1' 'Why J Don't we always go to mass ?' inquired Clelia, with an air of the most innocent surprise. ' To-day we are too late, child. And yon know it"— the last words again- in sotto voce. The 'child' probably had known it But to that she was not going to confess. And at any rate her object in so attiring herself was accomplished, for Captain Fieramosca was already fathoms deep in love. Since the days of Borneo in neighbouring Verona, no passion had probably ever been born so quickly at first sight But tbe truth was our officer had heard of Clelia already. Her portrait had been shown him by her brother, his bosom friend Enrico, and something regarding her had been related to him, which had stirred his chivalrous instincts. If Fieramosca grew visibly more lively after Clelia came in, Clelia's mother lapsed into a silence which even bordered on sulks. And Clelia herBelf, though Bhe looked bewitching, perhapB felt the chill of her parent's manner, for she also was mute. At least, her tongue was, but her eyes were very eloquent as the visitor snddenly launched into pat riotic descriptions of the recent campaign. It was rather uphill work for Captain Fieramosca, this one- sided conversation with two old maids who had not very much to answer beyond ' Good GraciouB 1' and ' Think of that On hiB rising at last to go, Annt Teresa— the youngest, bnt also the meekest and most depressed of the sisters — Annt Teresa, who never did anything as a rale bnt say a few prayers and take care of her health ; absolutely ventured on the initiative, and asked him if ' he wonld not come again ?' t HILL a. fc. ' nntd fVin \- ¥f liu UIO UblUUBb pieaouie, DBIU vue yonng man, eagerly. And perhaps I shall sometimes meet the ladies out of doors ? On the Piazza, for instance, of an evening ?' ' We hardly ever go, answered Signora Maria, stiffly, ' Only on a Sunday, and then always? added Clelia, promptly. fieramosca oaa toe raci not to seeui iu hear this welcome news. Bnt be bowed very low over the speaker's little band, outstretched in farewell. And tbe maid appearing at this moment with a message that very conveniently drew off the Sig nora Maria's attention, he found time to utter below his breath, ' Enrico bids yon have trust in him, aod write to him through me.' You had better go and take off that finery,' said the Signora Maria to her daughter, when the last clanking of Fieramosca'e sword had died away upon the stairs. ' And I should tike to know what makes you tbe colour of a slice of pumpkin ?' ' It is the first heat,' gurgled the fat, good-natured Teresa, who bad noticed the officer's aside, although she had not heard it, and who was almost as frightened as Clelia herselfi lest the mother sbonld have observed it too. In these days of cheap posts and con venient letter-boxes, it may seem strange that Clelia's brother should have re quested her to write to him through his friend. Bat onr poor little heroine was an Italian girl of the middle class. In other words, the free-and-easy ways of onr English damsels were just as un known to her as dancing on the tight rope. She slept with her mother, got np with her, went ont with her, went to bed with her, and had not a penny to call her own in the world. Before she conld have written a letter, she must have escaped from her mother's eyes, and from those of tbe hardly less watchful Aunt Giustiua. And before she could have posted it, she must have intrigued to obtain money for the stamp. As for the answer, there wonld have been no means of her obtaining that in secret at alL And yet she had sore need to write to her brother, for, except Aunt Teresa, who was too flabby to count for orach, he was the only creature on whom she could depend for sympathy and help. The Signora Maria loved her son with a passion which almost excluded her daughter from her heart. But, deter mined to do her best for the girl materially, and with no light of real tenderness in which to see the best clearly, she had made up her mind that Clelia should marry a certain well-to-do lawyer, forty years her senior. And Giostina, who, like her elder sister, loved her sister, loved money with a passion born of narrow-mindedness and sordid, life-long poverty, enconraged the project warmly. Enrico himself, fine fellow though he was, wonld bardly of his own accord have opposed his mother or meddled with so exclusively a parental question as the disposal of a mere girl's foture, had not Clelia, when he was last at home, fairly vanquished him by her tears and entreat ies. ' Whom am I to marry her to, if not to Signor Biagio V angrily inquired his mother, one day, when he ventured to protest. Enrico polled his moustaches in per plexity, Clearly Clelia most be married to somebody. She was too pretty to be allowed to drift into -a yellow and morose spinsterhood like Aunt Ginstina's, or an 'adipose and tearful one, like Aunt Teresa's. 'She has not any dower worth the mentioning, and who will marry her without?' further snapped the Signora Diana. Some disenterested young fellow,' murmured poor Eurico, vaguely. ' Find him,' was the cynical and curt reply. A brilliant image, compounded of a dashing uniform, sparkling eyes, white teeth, and. general impetuosity leaped id to Enrico's mind. ' There is Fieramosca,' be said, lower ing his voice cautiously, lest Clelia should overhear. A jackanapes, with more gold on his coat than in bis parse, I shonld sup pose f retorted Signora Maria, contemp tuously. \- In that . case, a jackanapes much resrmb ing myself,' replied the injured lieutenant. 'There is a difference,' mattered his mother. 'But .it is no nse talking, Enrico, No girl in. her senses would dream of refusing Signor Biagio. He is rich and well thought of ; and though, of course, he is not yonng, that makes him all the steadier, and, instead of breaking Cletia'a heart in a yew or two by mtmlqg after otbw poor women, he will take good care of her, and stay at home always. ' Poor Clelia 1' thought the yonng man; and the next day, before inarching, whispered a few words of comfort and hope into his weeping sister's ear. n Fieramosca intended to wait three days before reoavtne a fresh visit to the honse behind the green door. As a point of fact he waited two : then called with the excuse that be was writing to Enrico. ' Had the Signora any mes sage ?' The Signora was much obliged,but she bad no message, having written recently herself And she sat bolt upright on the edge of her chair, and consistently repelled the various little feelers in the way of friendly converse which the unfor tunate warrior threw out He inquired for the Signorina. She was not very well, he was told ; and in trath her door was inexorably shut. ' 1 will — ah '.—send to inquire lor ner to-morow,' stammered Fieramosca. (He was going to say ' call,' but' the Gorgon must have looked habitually more engaging than did the Signora Maria at this moment.) 'We are going into the country, for some days to-morrow,' replied the lady. Her visitor felt convinced that this was an audacious fib. Four people, with an income which in England, would render starvation a mere question of time, were not likely to make any excur sions to the mainland. Fieramosca rose to take his leave with a dignity which betrayed his wonnded feelings. A quiver of regret passed over the sour countenance of Eurico's mother as she responded to tbe farewelL But she would not unbend. The officer's eyes had said too much on the first visit, and Clelia had been too rebellious ever; since, actually going to the length of trading Signor Biagio. Poor Fieramosca went downstairs feeling very crestfallen. As the green door closed behind him, he looked up at the third floor windows regretfully. One of them opened, and Clelia's golden head appeared. Without seeming to notice the woe-begone lover, whose attitude had already let half the neigh bourhood into his secret, she called to a flock of pigeons that were brooding away the sunny hours ou the parapet of a neighbouring house. They flew greedily, one, the tamest, perching on her shoulder. She took it, caressed it, then throwing a handful of grain so that it fell just at the young man's feet, let the pigeon fly in Bearch of it. The whole flock followed, aud Clelia closed the window. Bat as the pigeons bnstled and fongbt in front of him, Fieramosca noticed a white something protruding from be neath the tame one's wing. To catch the little glutton was at that moment the easiest of tasks, and the next instant saw him in exultant possession of the note which it had unwittingly bronght. Just so much pradence he still had to resolve to wait before reading it until he was round the corner. Feeling very heroic on the strength of this determina tion, he was presently mnch disconcerted to discover that all his proceedings had been observed. A lady seated upon a balcony overlooking the acacias was watching him with smiling eyes. She was yonng and rather pretty. Had Fieramosca not been in love he might have thought her very pretty. Ae it was, he mentally consigned her to Jericho and marched oflj the colour of a poppy- Tearing open the note two minutes later, he found a harried, blurred, path etic scrawl, telling him that Clelia was now on the briok of despair. Her, mother watched her more vigilantly than ever, and hardly spoke but to scold her. Aunt Giustioa preached to her from morning to night, and, to crown all, Signor Biagio declared that he would wait no longer. Unless Enrico inter fered, another week would see tbe con tract signed, and she had no alternative bnt suicide. Let the sympathetic reader conceive the condition to which this news reduced Fieramosca. He telegraphed to Enrico and wrote ; then alternated between rage and the blackest melancholy, as every moment made him realise more and more how helpless he himself was to save tbe woman he loved. With the common- sense characteristic of his condition, be spent all his leisure in haunting the neighbourhood of the honse to which excess was inexorably denied him. Bnt that bronght him bnt scanty consolation, for Clelia spent her days in weeping' on her bed, and had ceased to even feed her pigeons. The lovers' cap of bitterness over flowed when Enrico, who had written earnestly to his mother, promising to come within a few days, and imploring that no decisive step might be taken without him, telegraphed that his regi ment bad received argent marching orders for the brigand country. Then, indeed, was poor little Clelia's last state worse than her first, for the Signora Maria declaring that her son would be killed, was not only drowned in teati herself, bat emptied the vials of her wrath and desolation npon the heads of evetybody surrounding her. ' Fate was doing its worst for her, but she would not be baulked in everything, on that she was resolved,' she said. And rising with the sun, to nurse her sorrow resentfully till midnight, Bhe stitched and scoured with a haste born of rage, and hnrripd on the DreDarations for the wedding appallingly. ' Oh, no ! I can do nothing for yon 1 Nothing ! Nothing V piteoosly sobbed poor Teresa, whom Fieramssca waylaid on her road from early mass. My sister is demented, I think, aud we are all .but wax in her hands !' _ The fluttered, fat, old cleatore evi dently terrified out of her cits lest she should be seen speaking to tie unhappy lover, was as incapable of help as of counsel. ' If Clelia would oily consent quietly to the marriage !' aho nanndered on, idiotically, at tbe very irament of FieramoBca's protest tbat le should survive tbat event. It was Ike a stage duet in which two people in the same key of dismay sing totally ctttradictory words. j ' At least, tell her I know this is her birthday, give her these flowrs, and tell her tbat I shall never forge her till 1 die,' cried Fieramosca implringly, too miserable to be angry. 'Yes, yes!" said Tcros clu'ching convulsively at the blossom. I wilt say anything in the world yo like, only l do pray let her be married in peace.' And with this characteristic speech she :eseaped. Such dubious comfort as ha may have derived from this interview evaporating very quickly, Fieramosca found himself on the evening of the very, same day, once more in front of the pitiless green, door. It was bright moonlight, and finish . flniBBM ad noBBaeona lia lavished all their fragrance on the balmy air. Poor Fieramosca, strong almost to madness by the combined spell of his sorrow and the hoar, paced restlessly np and down. And a shabby old priest, who had been on his way from the neighbouring church of Santa Stefano to play an innocent game of cards with the Signora Maria and her sisters, drew back into the shadow as he espied the offiaer, and stealthily took note of his proceedings. For a short time watcher and watched were the only creatnres stirring in the lonely little space. From the grand canal, very fall to-night of gondolas, floated the faiDt sonnd of sncceBsive serenades. All at once, like a single message detached from the volume of melody, the light twinkle of a gaiter was heard to draw nearer and nearer. The musicians — three altogether — ap peared, mounted the stepsoftbe Campiello, and planted themselves under Clelia's window. Conceive the jealous rage of Fieramosca, who knew they must have been sent by Signor Biagio ! Conceive the excitement of tbe inquisitive old priest, who thought they had been hired by Fieramosca. ! A light tenor lifted up his voice and warbled Venetian love ditties — unique songs, which combine the tenderness of Lindora with the malice of Harlequin. It was like a scene out of a comedy by Goldoni. Tint. Honfttin PiorftmnanA WAR in HO mood to institute literary comparisons, and execrated performance and per formers with the energy of a trooper. He only recovered a portion of calm on perceiving that the sole effect of the aspirant bridegroom's homage was to elicit tbe respectable bnt unlovely bead of the Signora Maria. ' Yon have been sent by Signor Biagio V she shrilly . and. prosaically inquired on appearing at the window. 'Oh, Signora, tbat is a secret,' was the laughing answer. 'Secret? Fiddlesticks! I wish to know V ' And we may not tell.'. ' Then yon may just take yourselves off for a pack of squealing wolves,' was the candid retort, and the window closed with a bang npon the wrath of Clelia's mother. ' I suppose that Jew will think he has had hiB money's worth ont of as by now,' presently remarked the singer to his companions. ' We might go back to him.' ' Andemo 1 Let us go.' And they departed, closely followed by Fieramosca, who in his torn was tracked by the priest. Love, unreasonable in itself as we know, is rendered more so by its familiar' — the green-eyed monster. It may seem inconceivable, and yet it is true, that the musicians' refusal to give the name of their employer had rendered our son of Mars uneasy. Perhaps Clelia might have other admirers, he thought with a pang. At any rate, he wished to be sure. And the old priest, in his zeal for his friend the good Signora Maria, wished to be sure also ; and was, moreover, as sapiently convinced as ever tbat the instigator of the music was the officer. . A short walk brought the serenaders to the marble steps, where a gondola was waiting. Captain Fieramosca lean ing casually over a parapet appeared to be admiring tbe moonlit ripple of tbe water. The priest, afraid of being seen, had to take up his position where he could hardly hear anything. A brisk haggling insatntly began be tween the musicians and a sharp-visaged, hawk-eyed old gentleman with a voice like a corn-crake — as obvionsly Signor Biagio as though his name had been written on his forehead. - Fieramosca was gratified to see how ugly he was, and to hear how avaricious. Only with the gratification mingled fresh disgust at the thought that Clelia shonld ever be expected to marry such a man. ' Siguor Biagio swore that he had engaged the musicians for three songs (selected by himself) and that they had only had time to sing two. They vowed that he must have been asleep, and conse quently oblivious in the flight of time. Venetian wit is keen and Venetian ton gues are rapid, so that there is no saying how long the battle might have lasted, had not another gondola glided np along side of the old lawyer's, and its occnpant, a lady, courteously requested to be allowed to disembark. She was yonng, and Fieramosca, some what lighter of heart now, remarked that Bhe was pretty, and a foreigner unmistak able. She caught her foot in her dress in ascending the steps, and stumbled. He darted forward to assist her, but sbe recovered herself, and thanked him sweetly. As he bowed and drew back to let her pass, she hesitated and said a few words in English to her companion, apparently a maid. Looking at her more closely, now in the bright light, her face struck Fieramosca as not entirely un known. To his surprise, she turned and addressed him by name. ' You are in the regiment of which my brother-in-law in rnlnnel ' she said. T have heard nf you. Perhaps you have heard of me. My name is Mrs. Walford.' He had, in truth, heard of her, as an eccentric, rich, aud beautiful young widow. The adventure would have been delightful, had his heart not been given to Clelia. I should like to say something to you,' she continued, in a tone of frank and friendly kindness. 'Would yon mind walking a few steps down tbe street with me. I know,' she added, with an arch smile, 'yon do not shun this neigh bourhood.' Astonished, interested, and rather amused, he protested his williDgoess to accompany her. ' I only wished to get you out of ear shot of that old lawyer,' said Mrs. Wal ford. ' I fancy he will stay bargaining there till dawn. No doubt yon think my addressing you in this way rather strange. . . Never mind protesting. . . I shall soon explain myself! ... I have seen yon before, twice. Once; for a moment) at a ball at , when my brother-id low was quartered there ; and the second time, the other day, in the Campiello Nnovo.' He remembered now. She was the lady who had been sitting on the balcony. ' I know quite well why yon are alwayB hanging abont there,' she continued, langhingly. ' I have one or two acquaint ances who know the pretty Clelia and her motherland thakdrcadftd old Biagio. I sVirailA «n lriiiftli likn fn nn vmi if YOn would only alto w -me.' Allow her ! at first Fieramosca was speechless with delight. Bnt heepeedily refound ids tongne and penred forth his gratitude. And as Mrs. Walford revelled in kind acts and took an amiable pleasure in being thanked for them, she grew every.: mnmpnfr. fifio mnrA AnrdiAl. RrmnftthflfclC and deligbtfpL My brother-in-law is jnst now at with my sister, who has not been well yon know,' she said. 'Otherwise T should have had yon introduced to me some days ago. I was only waiting for his return and now chance has .supplied his place. The feet seems to be of good omen. You will call to-morrow morning and talkyoor troubles over. ' No thanks, at least yet. Good night f And with a warm hand-clasp, which the old priest duly witnessed, they parted. ILL The next morning needless to say, saw Fieramosca in Mrs. Walford'e drawing- room. Sbe received him with the charm ing kindness that seemed habitual to ber, and told him she had spent a part of the night in muBing over the means of hel ping him. ' I have thought of an excuse for introducing myself to the Signora Maria,' she eaid, ' and I think tbat with a little patience I might induce her to let me have Clelia here somtimes. Thus yon wnnld una one another, and she wonld be inspired with fresh courage for resisting. It all sounds rather Jesuitical, I am afraid,' added the young widow, langhing, but we are told that everything is fair in love ; and it would be too bad if the poor child were bnllied into marrying that indescribable old man after all. Poor Fieramosca groaned. ' The plan would be nerfect. cara Signora. But alas 1 time presses. The marriage is fixed for next week.' Mis. Walford clasped her white hands in despair. She had no idea that matters had gone so far. ' And is there nobody to prevent .each infamy?' ' Nobody, now Enrico is away.' ' And will he not come ?' asked Mrs. Walford, apparently not needing to ask who Enrico might be. Fieramosca explained the state of the case. ' The brigand country !' echoed the hearer, with a strange catch of her breath. ' Is— is that not a service of great danger jnst now 1' ' Well — it is what a soldier wauls, answered the officer, rather wondering at the question. She made no immediate reply, and he added gloomily, ' I wish I, too, were in the brigand country.' ' Yon and Signor Enrico Renier though in the same branch of the service are in different corps. How is it yon are snch dear friends ?' inquired Mrs. Walford. He looked at her, again some what surprised. 'D'l I tell yon we were such friends ?' ' I thought — I have heard — I mean, I fancied you said so,' she answered, blushing doubtless with embarrassment at her little mistake. ' You only fancied what ie true theu,' replied Fieramosca, cordially. ' We were like brothers at the military college in Piedmont, where Enrico was sent because he wished to be a soldier and wonld not serve tbe Austiians. He ie a fine fellow, and has a brilliant career before him, I believe.' ' But is be not very poor ?' asked the lady, with an inflexion of pity — or was it -another feeling ? ' Yes,' Fieramosca admitted, ' that was so, unfortunately. Most Italian officers were poor.' He, himself, tbongh the reverse of rich, bad a small something beyond his pay. Bathe was an excep tion, and he often felt sorry for bis comrades. And Enrico's father was a patriot who had sacrificed everything to his country. Mrs. Walford exclaimed in admiration and compassion, even changing colour as she said, ' I am bo interested in —in these patriots. Please tell me more.' Onr hero, to do him justice, was generally ready enough to talk about his friend. But just now his one object was to talk about his friend's sister. Never theless, he lent himself to what he regarded as the young widow's generons caprice, aud launched into an epitome of the history of '48, with Eurico's father as the principal personage. Mrs. Walford listened with a singular attention, presently however lapsing Into reverie. By way of recalling her to the subject of his own woes, her visitor wonnd up his story with considerable tact, by saying, Can you wonder that J, should desire to marry the daughter of such a man ?' ' The daughter ?' said tbe lady, with a start. ' The sister yon mean ?' Fieramosca started. .'I was talking of Eurico's father,' Le said. 'Oh dear! I beg your pardon. I was thinking — that is — Whom Mrs. Walford had been think ing of did net transpire. Probably, on reflection, she would not have told. But, in any case, she did not have the chance ; for at this moment, the door opened, and in trotted tbe little priest of St Stefano. Vipramnam did not Irnnw him - hilt he knew Fieramosca, and his eyes twin kled considerably on discovering him there. He had come to talk to Mrs. Walford of her charities, and the officer consequently rose to take his leave. ' I mu3t see you again to-morrow,' said the widow, in low, urgent tones. ' And don't lose courage. We shall think of something. Difficulties only inspire me. The next afternoon the Signora Maria remarked casually to her daughter : ' I always thought that empty-beaded friend of Enrico's was not haunting this neigh bourhood for nothing.' Clelia turned a very lively colour. Had Aunt Teresa told about the birthday - gift of flowers ? she thought. An agonizing moment elapsed while the Signora Maria was apparently ab sorbed in examination of her work. She etnek a pin or two between her lips, then resumed : 'he is going to be married to the rich widow opposite.' It is not trne !' cried Clelia, passion ately, the swift denial wrong from her by astonishment and pain. The Signora Maris was wont to snob any snch flat contradiction of her words ; but in this' instance, she only said care lessly, " Don't yon believe it I Why ?' "Why, indeed? Clelia, with a whirling brain and a beating heart, sat mute. ' I think it must be true,' continued her mother, because it was told me by Don Giacomo, and he, .yon ..know, is always .at this Englishwoman's. -Fiera-. moBca' is there for honrs every day. and quite alone. . And the other evening— let me see, when was it ?— to he sore — the night of your . birthday —he met her, by appointment .evidently, as she got pat of her gondola at the . traghetto yonder, and went home with her.' Signora Maria had taken the pins from her month now. and was fastening them into, her. work ; and jnst so deliberately and placidly did sbe plant each dagger- thrast of news into her quivering daugh ter's; heart, Clelia never : feinted nor cried aloud ; but, as the rains of her happiness fell about her, she had a vague feeling of wonderment that evetybody shonld continue so calm. There was a ring at the door, and the little maid, going to open, came back presently rather flustered, and annonnoed lalady.' ' I trust 1 do not intrude,' said Mrs. Walford, smilingly, with a courteous bow to every .pne, and .a special kindly smile to Clelia. . The girl had risen, and stood like a statue. She knew quite well who the stranger was. Signora Maria, by no means in a trim to receive visitors, felt secretly pnt out, but ber. Italian ease of manner carried her through the difficult situation success fully. Instead of the repellent English formula, ' To whom am I indebted ?' she simply told Mrs. Walford that she was very glad to see her, exactly ae if ehe had known her all her life. ' I called said the widow, ' because I have heard that yon are the fortunate possessor of some old lace, with which, if yon found an appreciative purchaser, yon would be willing to part My informant is Don Giacomo. Is he right V ' Yes,' said, the Signora, ' so far right that. some time ago she .thought of dis posing of the lace. Bat now ehe had promised it to her daughter, who was going to be married.' Indeed ! Mrs Walford turned to wards Clelia : ' Was the Signorina to be married Boon ?' Instead of answering this question, the yonng girl, white to the lips, trembl ing! but resolntely composed, put another: 'Did the lady know Captain Fiera mosca ?' (' Madonna mia ! What is the little lunatic going to ask now !' was her mother's ejaculation ) Mrs. Walford positively blushed. Blushed with the secret guilt of ber mission and with the excitement of Clelia's interrogation. ' Yes,' she answered. ' She knew Captain Fieramosca very well. Had — had the Signorina any message for him ?' The blush, and the emphasis of her speech were fatal. Clelia was sure now, that Don Giacomo had spoken the tratb. ' Yon can tell him,' said Clelia, ' that I am going to be married immediately, and with my own fall consent. And when he writes to my brother, I wish nun to say cms. Ana rapiaiy, wiio a steady step and a face like marble, she passed from the room. Mrs. Walford sat in speechless amaze ment. ' What did it all mean ?' ehe asked herself. ' Were the words-she had jnst heard to be interpreted literally, or did they contain some hidden warning to be conveyed by Fieramosca to Enrico?' She was so bnsy revolving this question, that sbe hardly listened to Signora Maria's perturbed and mur mured explanations that ' Girls were so strange ' Clelia was excited ;' Her marriage to be an excellent one,' ha. he. And failing of any satisfactory solutiou, she rose, at last, to go, without having accomplished one fifth part of all that she had intended. Signora Maria extracted a rod from its pickle for her daughter, on the very first occasion : but, to her amazement, Clelia was as docile as a lamb. ' She did not know what her mother wanted,' she said, ' She was ready to inarry Signor Biagio as soon as anybody wished. What more was i-xpected of her V And iu ihis altitude of stony calm she remaiued, while her bridegroom was informed of bis happiness, and all the preparations for the wedding were "hurried on. Signora Maria could hardly believe in her own lack, bat sbe was jubilant. And what presently crowned their hap piness, was a letter from Eurico, annonncing that his regiment was already en ronte, had received counter- orders, and turned back. - Consequently, he had been able to obtain fonr days leave, and would follow almost immedi ately on his letter. ' Then if he arrives to- morrow, the contract can be signed the day after, and the marriage can be on the next day to that,' said the mother. Jnst as you like,' replied Clelia list lessly. \- When Enrico made his appearance his kind, face fell considerably on bearing that he was jnst in time for the wed ding. \- Why, Clelia, what is this I Are yon really going to . marry that old ahem 1 — Biagio after all ?' ' Apparently I am,' said tbe gicL Her brother laid his hand caressingly on her shoulder. ' But do you thoroughly wish -it, little one? Speak frankly to me before it is too late.' Her eyes filled at tbe kind touch, the affectionate words. But in her present mood martyrdom was a relief and she took a sort of savage pleasure in deliber ately increasing ber own tortnre. Turn ing her head away she repeated, ' I tell you I am going to marry him. Why cannot you be satisfied with that ?' 'One would think I was forciDg the child to hear you, and look at you, Enrico,' said his mother resentfully. Then, by way of distracting his attention from his sister, and rivetting Clelia's determination, she added : ' Your Fiera mosca is goiog to marry a rich English woman who, by-the bye, lives over there,' — pointing to the honse with the acacias. 'The beggar 1 To think of his never telling me 1' exclaimed Eurico, with an incredulous laugh. 'Who is she ? How is she called ?' 'Valfora 1 Yalmna I Do you suppose I can. pronounce it?' replied Signora Maris.. : ' Can you, Teresa ?' Teresa was equally incapable. But eaid, ' Enrico ought to know. For, according to Don Giacomo, it most be an old affeir, as the lady was sister-in- law to Fieramosca'8 colonel' What 1' shouted Enrico, and bounced to bis feet with an energy that shook the room. ' The saints have mercy on ub ! Are yon gone out of your mind ?' exclaimed hiB mother. ' What waB it you eaid, Teresa ? Say it again. Tell me everything. Qoick !' continued the yonng man, still unaccount ably agitated. Teresa did his bidding as well as her scattered wits would allow her ; then continued inquisitively, ' But what difference can it make to yon ?' ' Difference ?' echoed Enrico. ' None at alL I am very glad, of course I am. Only surprised, yon know, surprised.'. And he began striding np mid down the narrow room in a state which if it indeed expressed mere surprise, was certainly a manifestation of primordial energy. Clelia conld stand it no longer. All tnynBQBaHUUb, mia vAwtciucub icu uyvu the gaping wounds of her grief like drops of vitrioL . Unnoticed, or at least un challenged, by her brother, she rose and. crept away, yearning for the rare luxuries ci solitude and silence, . .' As soon as she was gone, Teresa, with that .yague delight in adding tool to a flame but vaguely understood, so dear to narrow, minds, observed, ' I think Fiera mosca. cannot be a very well-principled yonng man ?' Why not ?' asked Enrico, tugging at his monstache, and staring absently into space. He is going to be married himself, and he knows Clelia is — ' How does he know it?' interrupted the Signora Maria, auspiciously. Of course, Enrico wonld mention it to him,' replied Teresa, adroitly ; then re sumed : ' As I was saying, things are in this position, and yet ae can try to cany on a clandestine flirtation with Clelia.' ' What do you mean ?' blazed out En rico. Upon which Teresa, with eonm em bellishment, related the birthday gift of flowers, and the impassioned message which had accompanied it. ' He dared to insult us iu this way !' . . .i i. . a j L:. cried toe ueaceD&uc; ; ana uetuio mo mother, alarmed at his violence, could put in a word, he had clattered down stairs like a train of artillery. Once in the street, however, he began to reflect Perhaps, after all, old Don Giacomo's news was a mistake.. Fiera mosco had always written to him as though be loved Clelia, and Clelia alone. It was, in fact; these letters of his friend's which had brought Enrico to Venice. On the other hand, the old priest was not likely to have invented all his facts ; and, supposing any of them to be true, what but love coald take Fieramosca to Mrs. Walford's ? The notion that any body could be in that lady's company for five minutes without adoring her, apparently never entered the unhappy muser's mind. Revolving the questions with the wearisome iteration of one absorbing feeling, he paced np and down in front of the widow's windows, wishing that he might go np to her, and yet, for reasons of his own, not daring. AH at once, who among the sons of men (mm 4Via KnfMMflfOa BUUU1U lOOUG A1UU1 vuv uunw V». — — - mosca ? And, to make matters worse, simultaneously with his apparition below, Mrs. Walford stepped cat upon the bal cony. The Captain looked up at her ; she looked down upon the Captain ; they exchanged a smile, a wave of the hand ; Mrs. Walford said, ' This evening, then 1' and vanished. Vanished without seeing the other watcher, whose heart was in bis mouth, and whose livid f&ce; and flaming eyes confronted the startled Fieramosca on his turning. ' Enrico !' cried the latter ; and, Italian fashion, would have embraced his friend. But Enrico stood like the image of the Commeudatore, and further increased his resemblance to that personage by nodding portentiously. ' It is myself, he said, with the solemnity of concentrated rage. ' Heavens above !' exclaimed Fiera mosca. ' What has happened ? Why do yon look like that ? Is — is your siBter ill ?' ' I will thank you not to mention her,' replied the other. ' And, since you seem desironB for farther ioform&tion;, I have the pleasure to tell you I consider you a blackguard. Moreover, I shall be happy to afford yon satisfaction for my candour, not later than three days from now, when a family event, which demands my pre sence, shall have taken place.' And, with the ceremonious salute of a subordinate to his superior officer, Enrico turned on his heel and marched away, leaving Fieramosca overwhelmed with distress, choking with rage, and dumb founded with amazement. IV. The next evening the Signora Maria gave a little dinner before the singing of the contract of Signor Biagio and the witnesses to that document It was not a very lively meal, although the bride groom elect was in the highest spirits. Clelia was as pale as a ghost, and as silent ; Enrico profoundly gloomy ; the Signor Maria preoccupied. Even Teresa and Guietina were plunged in a little retro spective melancholy, for the sight of their niece on Buck an occasion, and in her pretty dress, recalled the unrealised dreams of their own vanished yonth. ' Bnt Signor Biagio did nothing bnt chatter, and when the contract was signed and eberybody was pouring forth congratulations, he positively went to the length of trying to kiss the pallid little bride on tbe forehead. To his extreme discomfiture and the embarrassment of everybody Clelia shrank away from him with a shaddering cry of disgust. ' Diavoli !' said Signor Biagio, and looked exeessi ve'y put ont. Nerve',' smoothly, suggested . .a wit ness, divided between obsequiousness and compvssioi). The Signora Maria glowered at her daughter, but had the tact to be silent. Not «>, however, tbe Signora Giostina. Tbe spectacle of her niece's resistance somehow rendered ber snappish, and rongbly sayioe, ' Don't be a baby,' she pulled Cietia forward as if to force her to submit to tlie loathed caress. With a passion ite movement and a -stifled sob, more expressive even than her previous cry, the poor child wrenched herself free, and darting into the next room, locked the door upon her tormentors. Whither by another entrance the Sig nora Maria straightway betook herself, | and began an appropriate lecture, I Let me be,' moaned Cietia, wnthiug on her sofa in the friendly darkness. Leave me to myself for a little, and I will try to do as yon desire.' ' Come with me, mother !' sternly commanded Enrico from the doorway. And Signor Biagio ?' exclaimed the perplexed woman, wringing her hands, feeling dreadfully sorry for herself, and, now that her hopes were so near fruition, a little sorry even for her child. If yon say another word abont that old ape, I vow I will drop him from the window into the canal,' cried Enrico, angrily, and by main force took his mother away. (To be concluded in our next. J 