NOTES FROM JAPAN. No. I. BY "THE VAGABOND." We start from Shanghai down the Hwangpo, into the Yangtze, under the charge of my old friend Chang Yu. In spite of his fondness for opium, there is no doubt that he is a very skilful pilot. He engineers us through the fleet of junks and fishing boats which lie anchored off Woosung in a manner which arouses our admiration. "The Heaven-sent barrier," as the Chinese, thankful for all things, call the bar at the junction of the river, is safely passed. European pilots generally think that these obstacles are evolved in another place in which we wish them. But it is very close work sometimes, and Chung Yu has acquired British nautical habits to the extent that he freely uses the English shibboleth in enforcing his orders, and d——ns the sailors as freely as a master mariner. Rather tedious work was that dropping down from Shanghai stern foremost with the anchor trailing at our bows as a break. It was the first time l had ever sailed on the waters in this ignominious way. We got into the Yangtze with a head wind, but strong current in our favour, and here adopt another mode of progression—going sideways like a crab at the rate of four miles an hour. Two nights we are at anchor until clear of the dangers of the Blue River, so called because it is of the muddiest yellow, its waters being thick as pea-soup. But Chang Yu does not afflict us with the fumes of his opium any more. His own junk lies along- side, and into it he retires when his work is over to get his chow and have a debauch of opium. All day long the fish are leaping out of the water around us. One shoal is of a beautiful pure golden colour, not red but yellow, as gorgeous as any seen in the reefs in the coral lands. The rivers as well as the land of China are wonderfully rich. Here, again, I notice that the finny tribes have a hard time of it, and small chance of ar- riving at any very great age. They are allowed to go up the river with the tide, and then hundreds of fishing-boats are anchored, with miles of net between— scarcely a fair thing from a piscatory point of view. But the inexhaustible sea still pours its thousands and millions of finny inhabi- tants into the tributary streams, to become the prey of the fisherman, and a staple food of the people. There had been a change in the command of the Woodbine, a change considerably for the better. Bound for Nagasaki in ballast, we bowl along at the rate of 11 knots an hour. Soon after leaving the Tungsha light we are again in the Kuro Siwo. The sea assumes all shades of tea green, from the very lightest until one black as the fluid in a swagman's billy. Nowhere on the face of the waters can such curious colours be seen as in the Black Stream of Japan. Next to the Gulf Stream, this is the most extraordinary cur- rent in the world. It runs sometimes at the rate of over 100 miles a day, but it is a rate ever varying and which can never be de- pended upon. The mariner here has to keep a sharp lookout, and be very nice in his cal- culations. Every now and then the vessel runs into some waves of "chow-chow" water. On a smooth sea with a fair wind this comes hissing along like a geyser, and will often sweep over the decks. These extraordinary tide rips, which resemble heavy breakers on shoals and reefs, are caused by counter currents or inequalities in the bed of the ocean. The dangers of navi- gation here are evident, when it is recorded that a vessel in a heavy gale with stormsails set was once borne dead to windward 98 miles in three days. In 36 hours we sight Kiusiu, one of the Japan Islands. But too soon we are congratulating Captain Steel on his successful run. We are struck by a sudden squall, which, I am certain, is a juvenile relation of the typhoon family, and well developed for his age. It is pretty smart work taking in sails. M. says the masts will come out of her before this is done. I don't think that could add to my discomfort in being knocked about in the cabin, and with all my belongings wet and upside down. Suddenly there is a calm, not a breath of air, and now there is a danger of drifting on a lee shore. A fog rises up also. Travellers who gush about Japan say that the climate is like that of England. Not much to its credit, but this fog favours the theory. The current is taking us to the north at the rate of a mile an hour. The fog lifts, and I can analyse the difference between the coasts of China and Japan. High hills and bluffs, thickly wooded in places, with no cultivation, wild as any part of the Australian continent, the northern part of which it resembles. Miles and miles we coast along, not a habita- tion to be seen, not a boat on the shores. The Japs do not appear to utilise their land as much as the Chinese do. But this pro- vince was the stronghold of the ancient feudal system, of the warlike lords, chiefs of samurai, two-sworded retainers whose reign is only just over. Here Prince Satsuma made the last stand for the ancient rights of the nobles. Four or five years ago we might have seen the smoke of battle on these shores, or the transports con- veying the wounded to Nagasaki. They made a gallant fight of it, these old obstructionists, and at one time it was a question as to whether the Japanese Government would not be beaten. But, as in our civil war, one party held the sea and the control of exterior supplies, and foreign sympathy and aid was with the Government; for 15 years before had not Mr. Richardson been murdered by swordsmen of the Satsuma clan, chiefs and people of which were loudest in their threats against the foreigners? The reprisal taken by Great Britain in the bombardment of Kagosiona, the capital of the province, was very much criti- cised by the peace party in England, and the course taken was not justified by the Govern- ment of the day. But lately translated Japanese records show that at the very time of the outrages at Yokohama, the daimios were clamouring to the Mikado to give orders to the Taikun, or Shogun, to appoint a day when the foreigners should be driven into the sea. There was a party at the Imperial Court which believed that this was the easiest possible thing in the world. An edict actually was issued, and a day named when the barbarians must depart. But the unfortunate Taikun, the business man of the empire, who had been brought into connexion with the foreigners, and knew the power behind them, never at- tempted to put any such decree in force. "Turn them out!" said the Mikado and the daimios. "I can't," said the Taikun. This was the beginning of the revolution whereby the Taikun, mayor of the palace, became a thing of the past, and the Mikado, name for a roi fainéant for 200 years, nominally took the business of government into his own hands. The daimios kept up a continual outcry. "Call yourself a Taikun, and can't turn out these foreigners! See what we'll do when we get a chance!" It was this spirit which caused the murder of Mr. Richardson and other outrages on foreigners, and the attacks made on American, French, and German vessels by the daimio of Choshin at the Straits of Simonoseki. The unfortunate Taikun had nothing to do with these—he couldn't stop them. The potentates who committed them were opposed to him as to the foreigners. Last of his rank, he had a more unhappy time of it than any of his pre- decessors. It would have been fairer if the Mikado had been superseded as useless, and the Taikun made sole ruler of Japan, an event which was very possible at one time. But as art is long, whilst life is short, Satsuma will be known for generations as the home of the porcelain ware, the best in Japan, when the rebellions and wars of its last prince are heard of only in the ballads of the people. For the ruler of this province was not satis- fied with the punishment inflicted by the burning of his capital by the English, or the indemnity he had to pay. He put his house in order, employed foreigners to drill his troops and to supervise his arsenal. The Satsuma influence became everywhere power- ful in Japan, and when at last the clan rebelled General Saigo, the most gallant soldier in the Japanese army, commander in chief in the war with Formosa, "sechesed," and headed the fighting men of the province which gave him birth. It was a bloody war, Saigo was as hard to beat as Lopez in Paraguay, and, like Brutus, died at last by his own hand. Future romance writers may celebrate his praises in high wrought fiction. "The Last of the Daimios" should be a taking title 50 years hence. The only result of this piece of out-of-the-way history-making to the present traveller is that it furnishes some sort of historical in- terest to a barren coast, and accounts to a certain extent for the lack of cultivation. But it may be that as the struggle for existence is not yet so pressing nor so hard as in China, only land around the villages and towns is cultivated. The calm still lasts, and we still drift northward. If we were not quite so far to the east, at this rate we might stand a chance of going ashore at some part of the Corea, last of the closed nations, which refuses to have anything to do with any Europeans, barely tolerating diplomatic intercourse with her old enemies the Japs. Lying so close together it was hardly possible but that these two jealously- guarded neighbours should in the course of centuries have some cause of dispute. Adja- cent nations always quarrel. So the Japs have before this invaded Corea, and I believe got well whipped, although their account doesn't say so, and the only result is that Japanese larrikins are furnished with a special term of abuse. "Corean with a false heart" is considered to be a very cutting term. There appears to be an excite- ment amongst Western diplomats in the East to have this country "opened." Another outlet for Manchester and Con- necticut goods is needed. "The un- known is often taken for the mag- nificent," and people out here appear to have persuaded themselves that there is something very wonderful in Corea. Nothing is known of it, and I have an idea there is very little to know. There are no longer any undiscovered El Dorados for trade. A typhoon is bad enough, but a dead calm on a lee shore, with currents setting hither and thither, seems worse. We drift into the entrance of the Gulf of Simabara. The ship is being con- tinually hauled about, and cunning sea- manship has to be displayed to keep us off the shore. Our skipper, on deck for 36 hours in a pouring rain, must be glad enough when morning breaks and he can see his whereabouts. Just to the north of us is Cape Nomo; round it 20 miles off is Nagasaki. High in the clouds towers the volcano of Simabara. All day long steamers are running backwards and for- wards up the gulf from Magi, a little town on the other side of the penin- sular from Nagasaki. All this coast is historical ground to me, and I trace out each spot on the chart. Simabara was the last stronghold of the Christians, and in the 17th century, 37,000 were killed at Mogi. Some say fugitives were driven into the crater of the volcano. These harbours and gulfs of Japan are the best in the world. One would imagine that there would be a far greater number of native craft on the water. But neither as fishermen nor sailors are the Japs equal to the Chinese. For two days we lie in this bay, and hardly see a sail. In China we should have seen hundreds, if not thousands. Then the wind, not much, but enough, comes at last, and we manage to weather Cape Nomi, the outline of which I don't think I shall ever forget. A few miles further on and we are boarded by the pilot. An American he, who has been cruising about in a native-rigged boat, with a crew of five men, who bear more resemblance to the Solomon islanders than the typical Japanese on fans and lacquer ware. Of medium size, but tall for their country, they are nude, with the exception of a breach clout—a thin strip of calico like a surgical bandage, which is the stock article of male apparel in this country. Some of them are tattooed, and their colour is darker than that of many Pacific islanders. Having hauled down their sail, secured their boat by a tow- rope, and spread a mat awning, these boat- men proceed to go to sleep, three of them first putting on the one national garment of both sexes, an open robe, secured round the waist by a sash or left open in front, at the wearer 's convenience. What a distance between these naked savages and the smart young gentlemen who, in lacqueered boots and store clothes, every detail of their apparel European, made such a display of themselves and their amiability at late international ex- hibitions. The suspicion crosses one that there is a good deal of lacqueer about this people. Two such extremes as Mr. ——, my Sydney acquaintance, who made such good speeches on public occasions, and these tattooed boatmen, both belonging to the same city, Nagasaki, imply a good deal of show for the outer world and little decency in home life. Someone started the shibboleth, "the French of the East," as applied to the Japs I am gauging their claims to that title closely. In their boat-building the Japanese follow a different model to that of the Chinese. The latter build squared-bowed, deep waisted craft with high poops and forecastles, the three masts set out of line—the original idea of first class seagoing ships, as witness the paintings of English vessels before the time of the Spanish Armada. When one first sees a fleet of Chinese junks there is no surprise felt. They seem perfectly familiar objects. It was some time before I dis- covered that this arose from youthful familiarity with the argosies of the middle ages, as pictorially represented. Chinese junks are exactly on the same lines as those built in mediæval times, and no doubt were originally in use at the date of the Seige of Troy. They are a little old-fashioned now, but still, well handled, will live through many a typhoon. A Japanese junk is smaller, longer, narrower, flat-sided, with a sharp prow, one mast in the centre, a large square sail, and jibs and spankers instead of the three square sails of the Chinese. These are not, the pilot tells me, by any means such good sea-boats, nor are the Japanese such good sailors as the Chinese. But let us give the former every credit due to them. They constructed the first ironclad on record. Captain John Saris, who was sent out in command of the Clove by the East India Company, on a trading mission, writes that at Simonoseki "there lay in a dock a junk of a thousand tons of burthen, sheathed all with iron." As we approach the harbour— which, guarded by a number of islets, is completely land-locked, strongly resembling some of the New Zealand ports—junks and boats are seen more frequently. The white sails of American cloth with the background of green hills remind one somewhat of the Mediterranean. The bamboo floats of some fishing nets are to be seen. But small boats, with four to six rowers, contain each one or two fishermen, who, with rod and line, whip the water like one does for trout or salmon in Wales or Scotland. They don't seem to catch much, and the rowers, true savages, who appear to go to sleep on the slightest pro- vocation, have the best time of it. When they have to row they stand up, the oars resting on pins in the boat's sides. These pins fit into holes in the oars, and so they work as on a pivot. This is the general way of rowing in Japan, taken from the Chinese, and founded on some theory of justly-applied power which our civilisation does not understand. The hills covered with pine, all the beau- ties of chiaro oscuro strongly defined in the landscape, afford a striking contrast to the flat plains of China. The white lighthouse on Iwo Sima, with the keeper's residence built in European style, with a well laid-out garden, might be on the Australian coast, except that through the glasses there is a neatness never seen in things colonial. As we get nearer the shore, sometimes I fancy it resembles Norway, or part of New Caledonia, or the Swiss lakes. To right and to left the remains of old forts are seen, and batteries masked, or where guns fought en barbette would rake the entrance and make this har- bour impregnable. But the guns have been broken and melted up, and grass grows over the earthworks. Nagasaki is perfectly de- fenceless except for the ironclads, the expen- sive toys of the Japanese Government built by Sir E. J. Reed. From a military point of view, looking at the admirable situation for defensive purposes, one groans at the folly of these people. Little fishing villages come in view; through the glasses the cross can be seen rising over humble churches. On the shore, and perched up in nooks in the rocks, are little wooden huts, shrines of the joss who makes it his business to watch over fishermen and seamen. But the pilot tells me that the Cross rules in all these villages. The ground and waters around us are historic, and of a history we can take interest in. This high, conical shaped, ver- dure-covered island, which rises abruptly from the waves, with a sheer precipice at one end of it wooded to the top, one of the most picturesque spots in the landscape, was, 250 years ago, the scene of a great massacre. The last Christians in Japan, under the guidance of the Fathers, took refuge here. By the bloody-minded Pagans they were driven over the cliff, and to the number of 300, or 3,000— the stories differ on this point—were mur- dered. Christianity was now stamped out. Until 10 years ago, no foreign nor Christian foot was allowed to tread these shores. Now the island is used as a picnic spot, and young Europeans, reckless of ghosts, get sentimental and "spoon" on the cliff over which these martyrs were driven at the spear's point. Pappenburg, as the Dutch christened the place, has indeed touching memories around it. Why is there no fitting memorial, no cross erected in memory of these martyrs to the faith, of whom Rome should be so proud? I have recounted the tradition, as written by the Fathers, and told to every traveller. But a different version of the story may be gathered from historical records. The cause of the massacre, if one reads the old records of the Japanese and the Jesuits is soon discovered. It was not religious, but political and social. The missionary teachings offended against the traditions of a people among whom filial obedience was held to be the highest virtue. The severance of all family ties, "leave father and mother and follow me," preached from the Bible, must have seemed as the voice of the evil one. In preaching the kingdom, not of this world, nor made by hands, the fathers were bound to lessen the value of the "social virtues," the respect which the vassal owed to his Daimio, the superiority of the temporal power of princes and emperors. So, according to the records of the great and wise ruler Iyeyasu, discussions in families led to discussions in communities, and the fathers who landed with such bright professions of peace and goodwill towards men seemed to be but preachers of domestic disturbance, and organisers of rebellion against all the social and political creeds of the empire. The Com- munistic side of the teachings of Christianity might endanger the social life, and soon the policy of Rome showed itself in the dis- orders promulgated by the fathers amongst the feudatory princes. At first working like the Apostles, true Christian Rome's need came afterwards. The Fathers sought, as in the old world, to form a political alliance with the state. Working with no aid but faith and zeal, they had acquired a footing in Japan; now they wanted temporal power. We have seen the same thing in the colonies. Their own records admit their intrigues with many of the princes, and the endeavour to make a bold stroke to rule the empire. This caused the edict for the expulsion of all foreigners and the so-called Christian massacres. Will Adams, an Englishman, who was an officer of the court at Yeddo, writing in 1617 to Sir Thomas Smyth, "Governor of the East Indian Company in London," ex- plains how a powerful prince, supported by many nobles, made war on the Emperor, encouraged by the "Jesuits and Friars, who made believe he should be favoured with miracles and wonders, but in fyne it proved to the contrary." For Iyeyasu smote the rebels root and branch, and, "hearing of these Jesuits and Friars being in the castle with his enemies, and still, from time to time, working against him, commandeth all Romish sort of men to de- part out of his country, their churches pulled down and burnt." Another edict decreed that "no stranger merchant shall abide in any of the great cities." The Japanese re- cord is that the wise Emperor saw his coun- try distracted by internal dissensions and likely to be more so. He said, "Perish trade, that my country may have the blessings of peace." There was no religious bigotry in this. It was a calm statesmanlike measure— that of expelling all foreigners, except the Dutch at Decima and the English, who were confined to two places of trade. But the establishments of the East India Com- pany appear to have quietly "fizzled out" in a few years, the directors not finding Japan to be by any means the Eldorado they had imagined. The mis- sionary movement had now become alto- gether a political one. Encouraged by the Fathers, who did not wish to give up quietly such a field of labour, the local chiefs who had declared themselves Christians, banded together to the number of 40,000, threatened Nagasaki. No quarter was given on either side. Besieged for two months in Simabara and Mogi, 37,000 fell by the sword, and the last of the rebels were killed at Pappenburg. Then the Dutch alone were left on the little island of Decima. The proof of the good policy of Iyeyasu is that since that time, with the exception of a few squabbles between the daimios, for 250 years Japan enjoyed an unbroken peace, an event unparalleled amongst any of the other nations of the world. Why should we regret the result? I think a monument should be erected on Pappenburg, recording the death of the last of the rebels who, incited by foreign priests and under the garb of religion, rebelled against rightful authority, and whose stamping-out was followed by 250 years peace! Missionaries, and espe- cially Romish missionaries, will not agree with this, but the facts are historical. Christian martyrs of Pappenburg, I believed in you once! You are now banished to the limbo of kindred frauds of legendary history. 