PUTTING ON THE MAIL. Free-trade is a giant like Bashan's King Og ; Protection, less potent, is still a sly dog, And to gain his own ends, and rich harvests to reap, Like the wolf he oft donneth the garb of a sheep. He puts on a sleek and an innocent air, And appeareth to act ' on the straight,' and the ' square,' But beneath the device which concealeth his hand There lurketh a smile which is child-like and bland. His latest device is to try to dislodge From its stronghold the time- honoured ' Dummying ' dodge, And he puts on a wondrous appearance of zeal, On behalf of his country, her wealth and her weal. With wrath that is righteous his bosom doth burn, He affecteth to deprecate, hate, loathe, and spurn All that's vile and ignoble, and petty, and small, And mean, and the Dummying dodge more than all. So Protection, at least his supporters, you know, | Swore they'd strike at the Land Act a terrible blow ' Which should settle for ever the Dummying game, i And gain for Protection great honour and fame, j No sooner decided than given effect, I A meeting was held of the very elect, And Protection's supporters and cronies, of course, Rolled up in surprising numerical force. Though the rest of the world, e'en all the hodge podge Mayn't be ' fly ' to the depths of this nice little dodge, Mr. Punch has an optic — it's no idle boast — Which can see through a ladder much better than most. Like St. Medard in Ingoldsby's legend of Nick Mr. Punch gave a sniff, and he soon smoked the triok ; Only give him the faintest soupgon of a slant And it don't take him long to discover a plant. The friends of Protection had better take care, They'll find it much safer to act on the square ; Punch can tell them they'll find it a difficult biz To tie bandages over such optics as his. In vain may a Heydon, though good man and true, Take a seat at the meeting, a hand in the ' do,' And get in a furious rage with ' The Act, ' He can't humbug Punch, that's an absolute fact ; In vain may Nin. Melville, with energy pale, Assist him in donning the nice coat of mail To cover his person so stalwart and tall, Mr. Punch smells a rat, and he sees through it all. And now he's a word of advice on his tongue To Protectionists old and Protectionists young, To Protectionists tall, short, big, little, and wee, Weak, strong, and of every kind, sort, and degree : — If your cause is a good one, 'twill work its own way Spite of all opposition, attack, and delay ; So don't vainly endeavour to win Fortune's smile By the aid of a trick, or a dodge, or a wile. Never buoy up your cause with sheep's bladders and corks, That are just as much use as tweed trousers to storks ; If your cause will not float without aids such as these, Let it sink, and be d d, in the depths of the seas. Look at Heydon, for instance, about to array His person in Mail on the eve of the fray ; — We're surprised at a man of his powers and wit Donning armour that isn't the ghost of a fit ; It's too long and too loose and too broad and too square, It pinches him here and it don't fit him there, It's too tight in the front and too slack in the rear, And its general effect is most outre and queer. Mr. Heydon, you'd better take Punch's advice — Take the blessed thing off, for it doesn't look nice ! If Protection you want, fight like Cheshire's famed cat, But not clad in a second-hand garment like that ! ! Drowned. 