ON THE NIGHT OF THE STORM. (Bv Mabv E. Pekn.) IL (Continual.) ' Ah — it is you,' he said, with a carious smile. ' 1 had a presentiment that you would come,' and he drew back to allow her to pass in. She found herself in a vaulted stone ft amber, rouuded to the shape of a tower, and containing no fnrnitnre bnt a small camp-bed, a couple of chairs, an antique oak ' cassone,' or chest, againBt the wall, aud a tabic on which lay a gun. One glance showed her these details, and it showed her also that Angelo was not there. She turned to Baldassare, who had followed ber in and closed the door. ' Where is the child ?' He folded his srmB. and leaned againBt tbe table, looking at her with a mocking composure which, somehow, seemed more OID1I1UU9 luau viuicuve. lie 19 ucic. a do not deny it. What then ?' ' What then ? You will give'him up to me instantly. Where is he ?' she asked, looking round. Where have you hidden him ? He — ab, ciclo I' she broke off, setting down the lamp, 'you have not— — ' The words died ou her lips. ' 1 bave not murdered bim, it tbat is what yon mesD,'he finished, composedly. t TJ- : --.-....I. f,.r- ....... Do to MIO CUvUgu""oo ucc twi self.' He crossed the room, and dragging the chert away from the wail, disclosed a low, arched recess behind it, in whicb — dumb and paralysed with fear — little Angelo was crouching. At the sight of Teresa the cMId uttered a breathless cry of joy, aud sprang into her arms, clinging to ber neck with the nervous force of ter ror, and hiding Ms face on her shoulder. a glance at Baldassare, she turned towards the door. He reached it before her, and set Ms back against it. ' Not yet,' he said ; ' I bave something to say to you.' 'I will not listen to a word. Stand back— let me pass.' ' Presently — on one condition.' ' Condition ? Do you suppose I will stay to make terms with you ? Open that door, or I will cry for help, aud bring those who will ' Her words were drowned in a peal of thunder which shook the tower to its foundations. 'Cry for help, by all means,' he resumed mockingly, when the sound died sullenly sway. ' Cry loDg and loud, and tbey may hear you — perhaps. But in the meantime yon mnet listen to me, whether it pleaeee you or not' She looked at him with a heaving bosom — too angry for the moment to feel afraid. ' Speak, then — what is your " condition." ' After a moment's pause he came to her side. There was an expressien on his face that made her shrink from him with mingled dread and loathing. Can you not guess, Teresa ?' he ques tioned. He wonld have taken her hand but she drew back, putting half the width of tbe tower between them, and, with a swift instinctive movement, snatched the long silver dagger from her long dark hair. 'Come not a etep nearer — I warn you !' He laughed harshly. ' Excuse me. I forgot that my touch was contamination. Yon need not be alarmed, I will keep my distance. You may walk out of this place as freely as you came in' only — he paused — " it must be as my promised wife.' ' As your — you are mad I' she excla imed. ' You must know that not to save my life would I give you such a pro mise.' But to save another's, perhaps !' he suggested, with a significant glance at the child. She gazed at him blankly, her eyes dil ating with horror, unconsciously folding her arms more closely round the boy, whose quick heart-beats throbbed against her bosom. ' You could uot — you dare not !' was all she could say. ' Dare not ? I dare anything now, he cried, with a wild laugh. " Do you not see that I am despairing and daugerous ? Swear that you will be my wife —I will trust your oath — aud you and the child shall pass out unmolested . Refuse — and as surely ss you and I are standing face to face, Meraldi's boy shall never leave this place alive/. Looking into his eyes she realized that his words were no idle threat. For a moment she did not speak ; only looked at him fixedly, feeling like one in an evil dream. Outside there was a strange hash and lull, as if the storm, exhausted by its fury, were pausing to collect force for a fresh outburst. The sadden stillness had something ominous and threatening. At length Teresa spoke again, facing him like an animal at bay. ' It would profit you little if I gave you that promise, for tbongh I might stand at the altar with yon, I wonld pnt the width of tbe world between us rather thin spend a day beneath yonr roof' ' His forced composure fell from him like a mask. His face turned livid, hag gard, menacing. With a furious oath he c tught up his gun from the tables. Sbe drew back still farther, putting the child behind her. She saw madness blazing in bis eyes, and for a moment her heart Jailed her. But she faced him with out flinching, never removing her eyes from his face, aud, after a struggle, he seemed to command himself, and flung the gun upon the floor behind him. ' Promise me this, then,' he said, in a hard, panting whisper, with his band on iter arm, and bis face close to hers : ' that if you will not be my wife, you will uever be bis — Meraldi's — while I live.' A fi lot and dreary smile crossed her face. ' I can safely promise that ; I shall have no temptation to break my word.' ' Swear it ' ' I swear it' He kept hie hand on her arm, looking np and d»wu her lace »6 if he were learn ing "very feature by heart. His lips worked convulsively. ' Great Heaven — how I love yon f be muttered brokenly, .and before she could prevent him, he threw his arms Around her, and strained her to Mm in an embrace ao fierce and passionate that it left ber breathless. Then, suddenly Relinquishing her, Go, go, he said hoarsely, motioning her away, with averted head, 'or I cannot answer for myself She waited for no second telling, but taking np Angelo again, opened tbe heavy door, and passed ont into the gloom. She had moved only a few paces away when the darkness was rent by a flash which seemed to set earth and heaven on fire. Mingling with the up roar of the terrible peal that followed was another sound — a cracking, rending uujac, wuivu uiaue uer laru 10 iouk uhva at the building she had just quitted. For a moment she saw its dark form looming above her, erect against tbe sky, then there was a crash of breaking timbers and foiling stones, an avalanche of dust, and tbe old tower lay prostrate, burying three living creatures beneath its rains. I XL For nearly an hour the men had been searcMng the hillside — among the wet and down-beaten vines, in the bare stubble fields, and up and down the banks of the stream, whicb, swollen by rain, rushed over the rocks with the sound of a mountain torrent ' What was that noise ?' tbe steward asked suddenly, in the pause after a deafening peal. ' It sounded like tbe fall of a bouse.' Per Bacco — it was the tower !' one of the men exclaimed. ' I thought tbe old owl's nest would be down some stormy nigbt Luckily tbe Count is not there ' But yes — he is there !' cried Luigi, excitedly, 'and — Dio buono !' he broke off, ' the signorina ' Meraldi turned towards him. ' What do you meau ? the mistress is not near the tower ?' ' Yes — she went up to enquire if he had seen the boy. I met her in the wood half an hour ago. She told me to say nothing to you.' iuc otcuoiu owivu as iuc oconci 00 if the sense of the .words had not reached him. Then bis face changed, as a sudden light burst on Ms mind. With a hoarse inarticulate cry he broke from his com panions, and rushed up the steep road and across the slope to the spot where the tower had stood. A great formless heap of rain, from which the dost was rising in clonds, was all that remained of the stnrdy old building, which bad rea- isted the shocks of centuries. He ran hither and thither distractedly calling ' Angelo — Teresa ! But there was ' no voice, nor any that replied.' The storm, -ae if satisfied with tbe havoc it had worked, was now subsiding, the thunder dying away in deep eullen reverberations behind the mountains, though tbe rain etill fell in torrents. When the other men arrived they found the Bteward like one stunned, gazing blankly at the ruins. He quickly roused himselfj however, and despatched two of the men to tbe farm for spades and pickaxes. When these were brought they set to work with a will, lighted by pine torches, which cast a red flickering glare over the scene, giving it a strange air of unreality. The women-servants, who had harried np after the men, stood in a frightened group round Brigitts, who was mechan ically mattering Aves and Paternosters, while the tears streamed down her brown wrinkled cheeks. Three hours passed thus ; hours that were short to the workers, but long to the anxious watchers. The rain had ceased, the air was cool and sweet, ' like a breath from tbe inno cent plains of Paradise,' aud the m><on looked forth serenely from broken and dispersing clouds. It was close upon midnight, when there was a stir and murmur iu the group which Meraldi was directing, then a "sudden shout whicb brought the women hurrying to the spot They had cleared away tile debris above a great beam, which lay obliquely, one end wedged between fragments of mas onry, while tbe other rested oil tbe ground. In tbe bollow space tbus formed, under tbe heap of ruin, lay Teresa and little Angelo — whether dead or living could uot be told till, with in finite precaution, tbe heavy beam had been raised. It was soon ascertained that the child, though bruised and stunned, was not seriously hurt. He recovered consciousness almost immed iately on being lifted out into the air and clung to his father's neck with a cry that went to the hearts of all present. But Teresa lay motionless, the blood trickling from a wound in her temple, and not the faintest sign of life in her white face and nerveless limbs. Meraldi hastily set the boy on his feet, and knelt at her side, watching her face with agonized anxiety. White and in animate in the moonlight, it looked like a beautiful mask. He lifted her head on to his knee, chafing her cold hand. 'She is dead,' he breathed, with a shudder that shook' him from head to foot 'No, she is only stonned,' Brigitta assured him. ' Look — she is coming to herself.' After a few moments, the girl's breast heaved in a long drawn inspiration, her eyes unclosed and wandered round from face to face, vaguely at first; then with dawning recollection and intelligence. She tried to raise herself. ' Angelo f 'He is safe — see,' Brigitta replied, drawing the child forward. 'What brought him np here is more than I can guess. «I know,' Meraldi muttered, with a sudcen darkening of his face ; if my enemy, lives, he . shall answer for i,, Teresa,' he added, bending his lip3 tn ber ear, ' yon risked yonr life to save my child, .my own life shal' show how J thank you' and he passionately kissed tbe baud lie held. A faint colour flushed over her face, then faded again. 'Thank heaven I was in time,' sbe whispered. Bald assare is there — under the ruins. Try to save him — though be is — ynnr enemy ' Her voice foiled, and her head sank heavily back upon his knee. ' We must take her home at once.' Brigitta said anxiously, 'or to yonr cottage, fattore ; it is the nearest.' He assented. ' Go on working, men ; I will be' back presently,' he said, and, raising her figure in his atrong arms, he bore her- away, followed by Brigitta and the other wgnen. \-- It was -many hours before Teresa r covered consciousness, and - then only (o .pass from insensibility To delirium. Foy tracks ehe lay, tossing on ft troubled tide of fever which threatened I to bear her away from love and life to I the shores of the silent land. At length j the cloud passed from her senses, and I she awoke, as from a long oppressive 1 dream, to find herself in a place which I was strange, yet vaguely familiar to her. A quaint little chamber, with a tiled floor and a ceiling crossed by old black ened beams ; with one low square case ment looking ont over a green hillside and a sea of vines towards the distent UlUUUUUUa, wuivu noic skssums iu ineffable brightness of early morning. The window was open, admitting the cool -scented Mr, and a sound of chimes from some distant convent mingled with sweet rustic noises of tinkling oxen-bells, and the voices of contadini passiug by to their work among the dewy vines. Curled np on the floor was little Angelo, playing a solitary game of " morra,' and near the window sat Brigitta, severely upright, and knitting energetically. Teresa raised herself among the pillows, and uttered her cousin's name. The latter dropped her pins with a hasty " Santa Maria !" and was at her side in a moment, while Angelo scrambled up on the bed. ' Do yon know me, CariDa ?' the housekeeper inquired. Tbe girl extended ber hand with a smile. ' Of course I do, my good cousin, she said, faintly j 'but I hardly know myself — I feel so week and .strange This is not my room,' she added, looking ronnd. ' No, yon are at the fottore's cottage : they brought you here that dreadful night ' ' Ah — I remember,' the girl inter rupted, with a shudder, covering her eyes with her hand. Was Count Baldas sare found — alive ?' ehe asked after a moment without looking np. x Co | ue was aiive. ae — uut yju must not question me now. £ will tell you more when you are better.' ' He is alive — that is all I wish to know ; please never mention his name to me again,' she said quickly, a faint colour rising to her cheeks. Her companion gave her a dubious glance, but said nothing. ' Where is Meraldi ?' Teresa asked presently. ' Not for off, for certain. He has hardly left the honse since you were ill, and he looks like a ghost himself. Certainly he has more feeling than I gave him credit for ' A gentle tap at the door interrupted her. ' le she conscious V the steward's voice inquired. ' I thought I heard her speaking.' ' Let him come in,' Teresa interposed, and he was admitted. His cheeks were scarcely less white than her own, and his strong hand trembled like a leaf as he laid it on hers. He looked down at her, and tried to epeak, but his voice foiled him, his chest heaved convulsively. Suddenly he turned aside, and rested his arm against the wall, laying his forehead npon it, ' Do not,' she said brokenly ; ' do not, Antonio.' Bnt the tears were running down her cheeks as 6he spoke. After a moment he turned and looked at her again ; at the lovelv pallid face, with the subdued expression which gave it a new charm ; at the great dark eyes which seemed almost too large for the wasted features. His hand closed on be.rs with a passionate pressure that almost hurt her. ' Heaven is merciful,' he breathed ; ' it bas given you back to us from the very gates of death. What should 1 have done if the fever had taken you !' She shook her bead with a wistful smile. It would not bave mattered — you would still have had Angelo,' sbe said, laying her disengaged band on tbe boy's fair curls. Meraldi regarded ber a moment with out speaking. There was a look in his eyes sbe bad never seen before ; a look which seut a thrill of mingled joy aud sadness to her heart. ' Ay — I should still have had my boy,' be said at last, in bis deep grave voice, ' and once I told yon that I needed no other love but his. But in the very hour I spoke those words I began to find out my mistake. Teresa, if you had been taken, the void in my life could never, never have been filled ! Dear — I have been blind and insensible, but I know my own heart now, and if it is not too late Why do you look at mc so piteously ?' ' It is too late,' she breathed, in a voice scarcely audible. 'Carissima — you will not let pride stand between as ?' ' Pride ? ah no ; pride cannot stand before the might of love ' ' You love me ? tben what need keep ns apart T ' My vow,' she faltered ; ' the vow that was wrung from me that terrible night ' ' That night ?' he interrupted ; ' ah, I begin to understaud. Baldassare made you promise that you would never be my wife ' ' While he lived, she concluded. He straightened his tall figure and looked at her with a sudden change of expression. ' While he lived ? then yon do not know ' Sbe raised herself among the pillows, locking from him to her cousin. ' Brigitta told me he was living.' 'He was alive when we fonnd him, but injured beyond hope of recovery. He lived ioug enough to receive absolu tion, after making a confession, the sub stance of which yon and I can guess. But for you, Teresa, I believe I should never have seen my child again.' ' Do not let us think of it,' she said, with a shudder. ' No,' lie agreed, ' let it be forgetten like a bad dream. We can afford to for- get the past — the present is so sweet, and tbe future ' 'The future?' she repeated, aB he paused. He bent and looked into her eyes with a tender pleading smile. ' My future is in your bands,' he whis pered. It rests with von to make it dark or sunny. My love — my dear heart, yon will not eend me away ? Yon will let me stay — as your " prime minister" ? ' She pnt np her arms und drew his head stiU lower. 'No; Stey — as my -kins,5 sbe. whis pered, and laid her lips to his. 