PASTORAL LETTER. The following letter from His Lordship the Roman Catholic Bishop of Adelaide was read in all the Catholic Churches in the colony on Sunday morning, April 16:— The Pastoral Letter of Christopher Augustine, by the Grace of God and favour of the Holy Apystolic See, Bishop of Adelaide, to the Clergy and Laity of the Diocese. Health and benediction in the Lord. Dearly Beloved in Christ— Ever mindful of the trust given by our Blessed Saviour Jesus Christ to the successors of St. Peter our Holy Father Leo XHL desires to bring the saving tiding^ of salvation to the poor benighted tribes of Africa, South America, ana Northern and Central Australia. To these portions of our vast colony we wish to call your attention, and to seek your charity in aid of the new mission about to be established for the poor neglected aborigines. We have ever felt it as a reproach wiat nothin" I had been done in this Diocese for those poor soulS " who are in darkness and in the shadow of death? We do not mean to attach blame to those who hare gone before us, for we are well aware that the heart of the Venerable Francis Murphy, first Bfehop this Diocese, was often moved ^o establish a special-1 mission for the evangelization of the tribes ofthis I colony, of the efforts he made in the Tatiara district. and of his endeavours to secure missionaries for the work. The exodus of our people consequent on the opening of the gold-fields of Victoria soon frustrated all his hopes of undertaking the work, but on his death-bed he prayed that the mission would not be forgotten. From time to time something was attempted, but the demands of the new settlements were so pressing on*the limited staff of iriests that very little was accomplished; but from • .he success of the late Father Henterocker's little mission near Clare we had everyreason to hope that much could be done had we an organized band of missionaries to continue the good work. Whilst, however, this Diocese had not been fortunate in the efforts made, the Church in the other Australian Dioceses was signally blessed in the establishment of missions to the natives. That of Moreton Bay, under thePassionist Fathers, Maurice Lensioni and Joseph Snell, had done much until their efforts were frustrated by the selling of the land adjoining the settlement, when, alas! the Selfl^hneSS struction ^ . J ^in their L t wake. ^ L : ^ ilr0U^t de " I The organisation of the Spanish Benedictines in W estern Australia, under the auspices of the Mgr. Brady, first Bishop of Perth, has been blessed with the, most consoling results. Bishop Rudesendo Salvado has brought the native missions of Victoria Plains to such a state that it warrants us in the hope of the like success where settlements are made for mission -purposes far away from the influences of settlers, who too often by their sad example blight the efforts of the most zealous and self-sacrificing missionaries. In March, 1846, Bishop Brady was apnointed Vicar-Apostolic of the settlement at PortBss'ington. He sent Father Augelo Confalioneri, together with the Catechists, Messrs. James Fagan and Nicholas Hogan, to attend to the spiritual wants of the settlers, and to establish a Native Mission in that country which now forms our Northern Territory. The vessel was unfortunately wrecked off Torres Straits. Father Confalioneri and the captain were the sole survivors of that expedition. For three years this holy missionary laboured single-handed for the poor natives. He has left much valuable information about their capacity for instruction, and the prospect of an organized effort for their civilization. He fell a victim to his b&rd; labours in 1819, and with him ended the mission of Port Essington. The appointment of a Bishop, it is true, was made for Port Essington in 1854, but the Home Government decided upon the abandonment of that settlement, and the Bishop and party were destined for other fields of labour. We have ever -felt, dearly beloved in Christ, a great interest in the Native Mission of North and Cf ntral Australia The reports of the various noble explorers sent out by this colony since 1S59 have impressed us more and more with our responsibility to make some effort for the poor neglected aborigines. \- In our recent visit to Borne we met the venerable missionary, the Rev. Duncan McNab, whose labours have been so fruitful in the colony of Queensland. His reports of the visits made to the confines of our colony towards the centre of the continent not only endorse all that others have written of the tribes, but give the additional assurance that a mission awaits the Church in that portion of our pastoral care. With the band of iriests heretofore at our disposal we could not ;hiuk of undertaking such a work. After long and prayerful consideration the Vicar of Christ exhorted us to make an effort to secure aid from some of the religiour Orders to help us in this work. He praying at the same time that "Godmight bless the undertaking, and reward those who would aid us spiritually and temporally in so holy an undertaking for the greater glory of God and the salvation of souls." We rc-joice, therefore, in making known to you that Cod has graciously blessed the beginning of our efforts. The Fathers of the Society of Jesus have taken up the mission; nay, more, that tho Diocese of Adelaide is singularly favoured in having from its priesthood those who are so willing to sacrifice themselves for an undertaking so full of labour and trials. The Very Rev. Antony Strele, who has laboured so piously in this Diocese for the past fourteen years, is appointed the Superior of the New Mission. The Rev. John E. Xiebaur, the zealous pastor of St. Mark's, Port Pirie, has also been accepted for the work. In the steamship Amalti we expect the Rev. John Francis O'Brien, a native of our City of Adelaide, together with two young Australians, who have also engaged for the said holy work of our Native Mission. We are not 2 dearest brothers in Christ, anihinilful ' the exceptions that some may take to this effort bring tlje graces of our holy religion to the poor neglected savage; nor of the cry of the "many calls made for the establishment of our churches, convents, and schoolsnor the unfavourable seasons from which we have been suffering—the recent visitation of a portion of the North lia s familiarized us with the severe trials by which a number of our people have been afflicted; nor are we insensible to specious pretexts made use of, to try and justify our neglect of those poor souls to save whom Jesus Christ Our Lord died. Such motives and reasonings, how specious soever we may think them, will not stand at His judgment seat. Let ns not, therefore, be deceived by them in neglecting a -duty incumbent upon us as a Christian people. We, therefore, confidently appeal to your charity, and ask your aid to establish this Mission; our confidence is from God, who has begun the good work, and will bring it to a happy completion. We are confident, because we appeal to you "in the name of Jesus-Christ Our Lord." If you have much, give abundantly; if but little, give also a little. The outfit of the missionaries, passages, farming implements, <fcc., necessary for a settlement, will be at once required, as it is desirous to start ere the rainy season sets in. We purpose, for somewhile, at least, to make the neighbourhood of Port Darwin a centie of operation," then towards the Ledwick River, and thence we li«"'i>e to keep communication with the Mission of Western Queensland, which ] ilaces are looked upon as good centres of the tribes. But- this is a mere preliminary plan, that circumstances may cause to be changed as soon as the Missionaries enter on their work. To meet these requirements we direct by these letters Very Rev. and Rev. brethren of the Clergy to arrange for a collection at each of the Masses in their respective churches and school chapels on the third Sunday after Easter, feast of the patronage of St. Joseph, and ask them also to appoint collectors to receive the names as well as the alms of the faithful, that the names of such benefactors may be kept in the records of the mission for the evangelization of the aborigines. We direct these letters to be read in all the churches on Low Sunday and following Sunday, in those places where it may be necessary, and request the clergy to aid our efforts by explaining the nature of smch undertaking, and exhorting their flocks to almsgiving. Our Holy Father. Pope Leo, has sent us a special benediction on the new work. May the Grace of our Lord Jesus be with you, and the charity of the HolvGhost. Amen. - t CHRISTOPHER AUGUSTINE, Bishop of Adelaide. Oc'ave of the Resurrection of Our Saviour, 1SS2. SZT CAUTION.—In our style of climate, with Its sudden changes of temperature—rain, wind, aud sunshine often intermingled in a single day—it is no wonder that our children, friends, and relatives are so frequently taken from us by neglected colds, half the deaths resulting directly from this cause A bottle of BOSCHEE'S GERMAN STRUP kept about your house for immediate use -will prevent serious sickness, a large doctor's bill, and perhaps death, by the nse of three or four doses. .For caring consumption, haemorrhages, pneumonia, severe coughs, croup, or any disease of the throat or lungs," its success is simply wonderful, as your druggist* will tell. GERMAN SYRUP is now sold in every town and village en this continent. Sample bottles, for trial, 9d.; regular size, 3s. Wholesale agents fir South Australia, A. M. Bickford & Son. 192cvzl 