A Remarkable Seance. ; SHAKING HANDS WITH GHOSTS.' ',; [ '; MR. E. Cyril Haviland, of thia city, who Ima'^ j . , boen on a visit to Molbourno, and who was prose " j at ono of tho spiritualistio soanccs given b^;thojcol*> bratod medium Spriggs, fowards xis tho ; following account of his experiences :- , .; ¡ From the mannor in which you allow poo of all opinions to express themselves in your ; columns I trust the following account, tho veracity of which I am preparod to make _ oath to, may, be permitted space in your vory widoly read journal. Some of your readers, doubtless, havo already hoard of tho " materialising circle " which meet twice a week in a room at tho back of Mr. Torry's shop, 84, Russell streot, Molbourno, and without discussing the why or whoroforo of tho facts, I ßhall simply stato what I witnossod myself at a sitting on Friday, tho 3rd in stant, in that room. Morely premising that I know tho room well, and havo boon in it numberless times, and that just boforo tho "sitting" I examined it thoroughly, taking up tho coir matting to seo thoro wore no trap-doors, and finding neither thoso nor bolos in tho solid walls, nor collar under tho room, nor opening of any kind, ex cept tho usual window and door, which wore not accessible to tho medium without our knowledge, and further promising that of tho sovon sittors (throo ladios andfourgontlomon, including myself) nono woro incapablo of applying tests, I shall procood to relate what took iliaco botweon tho hours of half-past 7 and 10, a candió burning in tho room all the timo in tho nicho of tho mantelpiece. Wo took our seats at 7.30 p.m. in a somi-oirolo, tho medium, Mr. Spriggs, sitting noar mo. Presently ho was "oontrollod" by a spirit (Indian^, known as Swiftwator, who spoko in broken English, and was introduced to mo (as I was tho only stranger present), and then ho walked tho modium behind a curtain that hangs aoross tho cornor of tho room, round whioh wo çap. Tho curtain (reel vop) was then drawn, the medium being behind it, nnd as T have before stated, it was impossible any f rand could have boon practised, for thora wore no exits or entrances except tho window and door, and neither of theso were accessible with out discovery. After the lapse of a few minutes a voice was heard speaking to us, apparently abovo tho medium, asking who I was, and stating wo should have good manifes. tations and then suddenly the voice ceased, tho curtain was drawn to one sido and thero stood a figure dressed in white, with a rod sash round his waist' bare logs and foot. This form measured himself m my prosonco at a measuring apparatus, and his re gistered height was 5ft 8Vin. His name is Zion Krupp. Prosontly ho went behind tho curtain and there was a sound similar to that caused by gas escap ing out of a bag, a long low whistle, and in a few minutos tho second figuro appoarod. Ho is known as ' ' Peter ' ' and is tho same spirit as that coming through Mr. C. E. Williams, of London. Peter shook hands with mo as well as with tho other sitto.s.and seemed quito at homo with us. Ho measured himself and regis tered 5ft lUn. Ho picked up some looso flowers that had boen brought into tho room and pricked his hand with a roso thorn. Then, picking out that pieco, ho handed it to mo, saying "Horo, Haviland, squeozo that." Peter was with ns, a tangiblo solid body, aa muoh like flesh and blood as I am, fully 10 minutes, and then ho too wont behind tho curtain and disap. peared. I ought to mention that sovoral timos tho medium was shown to mo by tho materialised spirit lifting np tho curtain, and I distinctly saw him sitting in his chair quito unconscious, that is, in trance. " Geordie," of whom I havo a photograph taken in daylight in London through tho modiumship of Misa Pairland was tho next to como. With tho exception of a vory low " Good evening," Goordio did not spoak, but he shook hands with mo, rubbed my hand over his f aco, put his face so close to mo our noses almos| ¡, n /.touoüod,, motioned for tho candió to bo brought out of tho recess, and thus stood i ri beside mo in full light, moasurod himself .(5ft 4in), picked up a pioco of rock, weigh ing 14¿lb, with one hand, and tossed it to .. ' mo, and thoa he wont to tho writing desk ? .' and wroto mo a letter, which I have now ? got in my possession, and in various other ? ways spont quito 20 minutes with us. Ono . gontloman present said that Mr. Hamson, of London, had published a statomentthat in "materialisations" tho spirits wore masks and to disprovo this, Geordie carno o vor to mo, and with his faco within two inches of mina, distinctly'moved his oyes, oyobrows, mouth, and other features. After Geordie carno Mr?. Cobham, but nothing of any particular interest óoonrrod either through her or through two other fomalo friends following her, " The Nun" and ?" Charity," tho last-named .being. & boautiful girl of apparontly 19 or 20,, with long black curls. ¡ .. Thon followed a child, .?".Lily," whoso aunt sat next mo at the sitting. Lily spoko . to and was recognised by her aunt, but Boomed shy of me (a stranger^,1. Lily's height is 3ft Hin. ? ' After Lily carno " John Wright," but ' ho did not stay long ; and thon: wo had ;! > further manifestations' ! in ' tho il" direct Voice, that is, i spirits ; speaking direct and not through tlio organism of tho medium. I was informed of friends and rolativos standing near ino and their namos given, although they wore unknown to nil pre sent. I havo now to state that tho medium's height is 5ft 6:}in, and that none of tho figures resembled him hi tho slightest, to finish tho record of ono of tim most romarkablo seances I have witnessed, and if it will satisfy anyone of tho truth of my statement I am roady to talco this lotter boforo a magistrato and swear to it. Sydney, 15th February. A woman named Mary Henry was last Monday charged at tho Redfern Police Court with cruelty to an animal-to wit, a cat-by breaking its back with a prop. It appears there had boen some quarrol botwoon the defendant and ono of her neighbours, and in a fit of spito or passion tho former took up a prop and "wont" for the unlucky oat, whoso back was brokon and which lingered for 39 hours oro it gavo up tho ghost. Tho matter carno to tho oars of Mr. Inspector Wobber, of tho Preven tion of Cruelty to Animals Socioty and ho appeared to Srosocuto. Tho case was considered a very bad one. ofendant was ordered to pay 60s and costSj or go W prison for throe months, with, hard Jabour. ; 