.,..HUNTING'ÈXI'RÂORDINARYÏU -. * - The morn was fair ; JIB from a hamlet on a hill rode forth a goodly company with horn and bound to hunt the kangaroo. , , , { ¡''Jooy.i carefully wrapped in a bag, had 'gone before, and when he emerged, half blind and wholly Stupid, and gazed with wonderment at the brilliant crowd some fifty yards away, he certainly looked as Artemus Ward has it, "An amounts little CUBS." j Joey gazed at the spotted beauties, and the spotted beauties gazed at Joey. I i Then tliuywaúdércd about aimlessly and widely in the, vain hope' that their attention might seem to be engrossed by anything rather, than the quarry. At length by frantic efforts of the whip,, by dint of much galloping, and yelling,. and shouting, and' hallooing, and deafening cries of Back up 1 Back' up I Back up I " that forcibly brought to mind the More pork 1 inorepoikJ_morepork 1" of the lonely' bush, ouor spotted beauty couldn't any, longer decently avoid seeing him, add'resolving''to do or die made a bold:rush to catch joey before he got' on the hop. The others, plucking up courage, boldly followed their leader, j Thou bad The artful joey to dodge round the prickly gorse bush, and slip through a fence. This gave the, spotted ' beauties who were all there except one, who, knowing dog, had taken up his post at the gate of a yard, where some fat sheep were, and who was deaf even to the beguiling cry of Back up, back up, back up-this gave the spotted beauties of fresh. courage, ! and they boldly chased. that dreadful Kangaroo,! Now. for the pen of Nimrod, or Soapy Sponge, to tell thojohaBO. ffo'w'the'(¡old charged that fence ; how they took it, gaps and all-fearful gaps some of thomas lYuwmng'gapB of from one to four'panels'wide-j gaps to appal the stoutest heart, to freeze the curdling marrow.' Yet none drew rein, i Gallantly, they rode and fearlessly- , . ? i i I j , " Harden your heart, ) < * . 7 p Catch hold of the bridle ; ' i s j Steady him, rouse him,, , , , And over you go." ' ' H i i Hoop, la 1 Who's afraid ? ' ' ' , ' I ? Honour the brave 1 '! j < Well,, they eat poor joey; and the spotted beauties, gathering fierceness from this feast on a wild decision of the forest, and cheered by the tocsin wardry,- , i , . r i A " Bock up ! Back up Back up 1"- , sought other (words. , A dashing young buck was started, who led them merrily over post and rail till ".Tower of the Teeth," taking a mean advantage of the buck's having a quiet confab with his mate, got hold of his skin and manfully hold on till he found it not to his liking. Towser then hummed, in with the back, and hunter and hunted jogged amicably on together. The rest of the spotted beauties, scattered far and wide, showed their independence by scorning to hunt together. Each on his hook they spread themselves well over the ground, so that each individual spotted beauty had about a paddock to his own share. Fro.- as independent electors were' they, with souls above bate submission to authority. No call of horn or rate of whip heeded they nor were they beguiled by the awful cry Back up ! Back up I Backup! though its fearful resonance did make the welkin ring. Such nuntin' and hollering' never was before, and scarcely mayor again be my fortune in the long years of the dim future to gaze with reverend awe on such like spotted beauties, or to mark with bated breath doings so passing the sublime' JOHN PEEL'S GHOST, i I , of IA overs TO MOTHERS Are you broken in your rest by a sick child suffering with the pain of cutting teeth f Goat i once to a chemist and got a bottle of MRS. WINSLOW'S j SooTniNo SYRUP It will relieve the poor sufferer Inirae ! diately It is perfectly harmless and pleasant to taste, It produces natural, quiet sleep, by relieving the child from pain, and the little cherub snakes " as bright as a button '' It soothes the child It system the nuns Min s nil p tin, relieves ' wind, regulates the bowels, and is the last known remedy for] dysentery and diarrhoea, whether arising from teething or other causes Mrs Winslow's! Soothing Syrup is sold by -, Birthday dealers everywhere at is 11d; per bottle " | >. Sparrows. Miles, and Bats quickly killed byJPm'#:.W«SAl VaUowFaAsta. Sixpence, JOlcWuta. ' 1 JJ .../'j.b.ü-o^ij,.;! ' 