CORNERISMS. o BY "TOM TOUCHSTONE." a The man Is the spirit he worted in; not what did, but wlrnt he becaifle. THF. BLACK HOLE, I consider that every person, in anyway a b nterested 1U the future welfare of children ught to thank Mr James \\\ llson, of Joseph P treet, Ballarat East, for drawing attention to the practice of putting tender children into the " black hole., as it is called, in a htate school, BalUrat East. I do not wish I make auy outcry against the teachers \Kho so thoughtlessly and foolishly use 1 this old but pernicious system of punishment. Tbe black hole is probably as 1 ancient and as honored an institution, with parents and school-teachers, as the cane or the birch; but the black hole is far more damaging to an imaginative and nervous child. The rod is a thing that I never did approve of, even when a child, though I have known people who argued that it was beneficial physically, becanse it quickened the circulation of the blood and imparted a healthy 'glow to the whole system. The memory, of the rod clings to some sensitive y people during their lives. Thackeray, for instance, tells us that, when an elderly man, he always felt a tingling sensation whenever by chance he met his old schoolmaster, and his hands involuntarily grasped hold of the waistband of his trousers for a moment, till he .rembered the change that Time had wrought in his circumstances. The pain nd terror produced by the rod after ll is only very transient; but the lain, and terror produced by "the black fiole" may last a life-time. The lively imagination of the child is impressed with fancied horrors which time never effaces. _ I remember when I was a child, that in my I father's bouse we bad on the ground floor a I back kitchen, into which the light of day! never entered. It" was used as a lumber 1 do not think that I was a cowardly child, still I had a peculiar horror of this I apartment. To have been imprisoned in it would . have been the greatest of all punishments, , j and «_-•-» I firmly believe -i would m have| • turned oij bran m a few rmnuteo. To my vivid imagination it was Giant Desgur s cave in which he feasted on wicked children; and ? ™ door .happened to oe open I totted by it, for fear he would pounce O«K My father was too good mid sens,ble a man to have encouraged snch ideas in I me, so I have been puzzled to think where I could have got them. I suppose I owed them principally to a silly nuraegirl that we had, who had a great fancy tor the mysterious and the terrible. Too many , houses have "black holes or "back kitchens for the children, full of imaginary horrora. Nothing annoys me more than to hear the old people threaten the young with these myths. They grow up with their minds fnU of bogies, and as they outgrow ne bogy they take up vnth another. What- o ver their path in life, they are ?l™y| g hunning imaginary "black holes t "back kitchens,' -and, toapmg the fancied B ne, they too often rush rntothe actual one. b he terrible has a fearful fascination for hem, and even on their death-beds instead f trusting in the mercy and loving kindness i f God, they die like poet Cowpf!, m the s reatest terror of the bogy which their fancy t has conjured up. No doubt there is a grpt I deal of truth in the saying that there s a skeleton in every house. We need not manufacture them to fnghten .he children l with. There is surely enough of actual evils I to threaten them with. Tell them of tne bar whose oath no one will believe. Show them the^ degraded sot, imd threaten them with his lateif they do not fihunthe seducing wine cup. Threaten them with the smiling hypocritical friend, who will worm himself I into their confidence - ruimng them with mining swindles, and involving them "J difficulties that may destroy their peace ol j mind, andperhaps blast their reputation and kn«A. I kli flie nrni-iH ,a rnn nvi fnll nt WAl I j or " the Chinaman;" for, in any shape, I Vice is a monster of so foul a mien I AstooeioMneanas be loathed has omy only woe to be seen. seen. It is to this foolish deceiving of the children that we owe the Creswick road ghost, and the ghost story, which the St. Arnaml Mercury of the 7th instant relates, where an able young j man was nearly frightened out of thelittle wits he had by a fancied supernatural horror. The | school in Ballarat East IB, I believe, one I of the very best in the colony; but there are spots on the sun, and the adopting of the " black hole" system m it is a black spot in the discipline of that school Far better use the cane and tbe rod, as Mr Wilson says, I than for the children to grow up with a vivid terror of the black hole during their lives, and with a still more frantic terror of it on I their death-beds, as they launch from life j into eternity. Never did poet speak truer j than Bums when he wrote— • | The fear of hell's the b&agm; jn's whip To band the wretch in order; ' But when yen feel joor honor Ktip, I Let that beaye tbe border. I1 THE TECHNOLOGICAL, EXHTBITON The several prizes awarded D^iRn'^mt'te'vOT to the pupils in encouraging School of to Art both and th? toehere and their pupils. pupu*. The awards have been- - well —" de-J ^ 1 seA-ed, for there are several really wonderfuUy meritorious productions, amongst which I noticed Miss Miller'swodel drawing, whfch h fully earnedthesecondprizeshe received. But several of the pupils have been very greatly disappointed through a blonder which occunld in the un^ckiiig. AU the framed U drawings were exlSTbut a Repackage ol un&med; ones, mok of them, in my judgment, of greS merit, somehow escaped not^aSdwSsent back to Ballarat ^. opened. As a salve to the feelings of tbe t diMppointed aspirants for honor? which they might have won if they had oot been overiootwd—like so many others in the outside world's school of artfulness and designicg—I ing—I give rive their names. In the senior divi- RI^u - - -- MBS « Price - bad * ~ 6 ; Miss — iw— Woodland, JJ ~nd 14 14i S Georee, 4; Mr Boberts, 2. -In In' tbe the inSor diviuon. Miss Graham, i; Miss Val- Uns, 2; Miss Titheridge, 2; Master H. Walker, 2; C. Walker, 5; Cazaly, I; Balhansen, 1; and"Macey, 4. I have carefully looked . over . all , these drawings, and have t c - - - j- i JI been surprised at the proficiency displayed I in most of them; but probably the "nost remarkable are the five drawings by Master A Walker—a hoy only ten years I old. It'must be a keendisappointment to 1 him,to be overlooked so stupidly; for all his 1 rivals, as weU as his teacher, looked on hisl success as a oertainty. It is a sore disappintment to these young people; but, as tore says— , , - . Merit in this case must be its own exceeding I great reward; and, hoping for better luck | next time, let the pupils still further im. prove themselves in the useful and beautiful art which can be acquired so cheaply nowa- —CAr.l.vr.E. m 