ELECTRIC LIGHTING. v /: . ;On the above subject;' a writer itf i Truth, recently, remarks as follows, i-y-! \ " Electric lighting; as I, havq' 'mere1,' than onco said, will , very probably be : universally adopted ono of those daya'.' but seeing how exceedingly quoBtiolt:' ', :, able are many of tho patents fbr whibliu largo sums of money are, 'being paid;; together with tho fact that; the iighfc j : ' 'maybe produced withoutany patent, ! tho application of electricity to, lightA' ing will result in enormous," losseS'lf i' the public are hot put on their guard"! 'against, . tho '.tribe, of financing inyon--. tors, and being, put toni thoir: guard;- do not profit by it, - I advocate, as -I1 liavo always, advocated, ..companies- being formed to maltq batteries,: lamps, otc„ or to uso the. batteries,; ... lamps, etc., of those who can, make: thom well and cheaply ; but with 'ro- 1 gard to tlio companies that pay lArge' Bums for inventions, and which; are - formed for the pur poso,_of .paying those largo sums by pore'ons interested in the inventions, they will always'jbe . out out by .o'tbpre ; iw.hich are) ' hot woighted with'rthis' hoavy, preliminary outlay. . . The ' question' -is.'i'ndit,'' just now,i how to prbduco ploctrrcity. for lighting, or how to- use it whon.jp'ro-. ducod to tho greatest -advantagebut ho w to produce : it;"oud- provide it | on such' terms that the publio will adopt . it instoad of gas., I am notj' of couiso, prepared ! to , say , that - an invention which oithor'simplifioa tho production of electricity, or ono bqnnectod'rw.ith the lamp uBod in. lighting'b'y electri city may not havo a cortain valno; but what I absolutely dony is' that up ' to now any invention has uaen proved to do this, and to do it in a mannor which cannot bo ofieoted -in a doizon othor ways. How,.thop, cab itj be worth the while of tlio publib tbrin- vost in . any, ' invontion'compapy,' 1 whether the shares bo qt-a discount at par, or at a -premium -P'Ni " Phiz."— Mr. James Fayn'tha English novelist and writer of " London , Town Talk" in tlio Argna has the. following con- corninH tho doath of the artist .-"who acquired fatno aa tho illustrator 'of Dlokcns' works :— So poor Phiz- ia dead I -It- will-bo naid | no , doubt, by samo , of tho, higlyajt ' folks that wo 'could havo better bpirqdid bettor man : that ono liked hia works more than ono'B judgment approved vof them : and in a word that ho was mom. papular than meritorious. . For my .part I (lon't boliovo a word of this.! . Ho was ablo; . at all events, to do what tho very finest of living illustrators often fail to do, -namely, tu ontor intb tlio spirit of his author, lana.' if- it, cannot: bo said that ho/reproduocd: with his ponoii tlio genius of Dickons, hq!;) wob ,a. most excellent, mooter 'of'-tho'ccmji monies la introducing it to tbo -publio: Phiz and Pickwick are inseparable, and . mutually suggost ono another, wlulo.eaah.' pictures as ! On tlio Dark Rood" and I'-Thb.. . Ghost's Walk'! in Vomlcy and sua- have . « goniuB'and vigour of, their own, iniopon- y' dont of all 'association,.'- V: ' 