GOOD FRIDAY. Yesterday being Good Friday was observed as a strict holiday; every place of business was closed. The city wore on unwonted appearance of quiet, and during the day was almost deserted, the various places of reaort both far and near attracting townsfolk thither, the delightful weather making out-door recreation thoroughly enj>yabic. In the Anglican and Roman Catholic churches services were held, and wore generally well attended. RELIGIOUS SERVICES. St, Paci.'s CaORCU.—The services were con ducted by the Rev. Cation MacCtillogh. In the morning the text was John, 19th chapter, 2nd verse, " And the soldiers plaited a crown of thorns and put it on his head, and they put on him a purple robe." The preacher referred til the practice of the Romau legions of attiring the emperors in a purple robe and crowning tbem with a crown of thorns in mockery of Christ. The crowning of GhrUt in this manner h»d been in itself more a mockeiy than eruelty. The thorns were the outward symbol of siu and its consequences. Thus they were regarded as an emblem by the Hebrews. He bore the crown of thorns because ha bore the sins of others. In the evening the Rev. Canon MacCuIiagh preached from John, 19th chapter, 6th verae. An. Saints' Church.—The Rev. \V. Croxton preached from St. Mark, 15tli chapter, 39th verse, " And when the Centurion, which stood over against him, saw that he so cried cut, and cave up the ghost, he said, truly this man was - the Son <>f God." In the evening tliB text was John, 19th chapter, 38th verse. "And after i this, Joseph of Arimatl.«i, being n disciple of Jesus, but secretly for fear of the Jews, besought ' Pilate that he might take away the body of i Jesus: and Pilate give him leave. Ho came, therefore, and took the body of Jesus." The principal authein at the morning service was I U.iunod a " Day ot Penitence." St, Kilian s Pjto cathedral.—The services with which the Roman Catholic Church cole brates Holy Week wero continued during the past two days, and on each occasion there were large congregations. Ou Thursday morning, at S o clock, High Mass was celebrated by the Rev. Dr. Reville, V.G., and in the evening the Rev, Father O'Callaghan preached an instruc tive address upon "The Institution of the Blessed Eucharist," the church being crowded Yeaterday morning the Moss'of the Pre-sancti" 'led was celebrated by Dr. Reville, and during the service the 14 Passion " was Sung, In tjje evening the church was crowded to its utmost capacity, when Dr. Reville preached a powerful sermon upon the life of Christ, iustanciog the Bufferings which ho had to undergo during his life on this earth, and urging those in tho congregation who bad neglected the duties of the church fco do so no Jot}gor» as by their neglect they were only increasing the sufferincs of their Savour. ° PICNICS. Crusoe was yesterday visited by several tliousaua persons, children and adults, taking part in Sunday-school or private pic-nics Two very large pic- nios were those of the Forest street Wesleyan Sunday-school, and the Sunday school of St John's Church. The scene throughout the day was most animated, and pastimes of all descriptions wero provided sud entered into with the spirit which atwavs characterizes light-hearted youth. They also nudo serious inroads into the plentiful supplies of refreshment provided them, itid all seemed to thoroughly enjoy tho outing, Mrs. Morgan's Cherry Tree grounds, near the !|8 waa the spotcbosen by the Baptist Ghuroh (Hargreaves street) Sunday School for their annual picnic. The spot is a raaat mutable one in every respect for picnics. 1/iere were altogether on the ground about 300 children with their teachers and friends. Swings, cricket, aud other amusements were provided, as well as a plentiful supply of re freshments. One accident occurred during the day to a boy named Ernest Hunter. J-ho boy jumped off a lorry whilst it was in motion, and fell, sustaining a frac ture of one of his thighs. He was with all speed possible conveyed to the Bendino Hospital, whore his injury was attended to. Lverythmg else passed off without a hitch, and before the p.cniciaus left tho ground they gave throe hearty cheers in recognition of Mrs. Morgan a kindness in allowing the use of her pleasure grounds. The Botanical Gardens at tho White Hilis also proved a particularly attractive place for picuics and also for citizens generally. ? ? tbe LoDG Gu,)y VVesleyan feuuday - school were conveyed there in ! berL w!M£ T? lorries' num. , buiug with the adults in charge, between "l'a" aad ®'Sht hundred. They arrived at tho ' f ?? Ut haIf-Pa8t Ili,1B o'clock, and ud to T U- pveniu« themselves up to a day of enjoyment, A joint picnic was f!rniI°rr6M » • •t-he Eafi)eJ)a»k anil Cali ?' Pnm,tlve Methodist Sunday schools, who mustered altogether between three and four hundred. They had with Them »hitlam s Brass Band, who greatly enhanced the P^M»ure of the day by their exoelleut music. As with the other schools various pastimes were provided, and all made as happy as Were aMni -°£ ea°h °f theao 8cbo°l8 to satUfv tl ^ Wlth daiatie3 of aorta rp ^ their inner want9. Ihe annual picnic of St. Andrew's Sunday school was held at the Sheepwash, and was thTst• " Ae"!ied h,y the scholars and friends of school, A^ ren:a>:ld Golden- square Sabbath, vailed «-«f £ltg itfuI weather which pre me n "v, r°rabIe f?r aJ'-tlla diffareut amuse. cul canu0t bo disaaasociated from a 1 cmc aud the boys and girls, both youug aud eaUri y8 themselves thoroughly. The so ^ra,entrU8tedt? Mr- Molli! son street w)10 gaVe eutlre satj8factioi)i a coodTh ?yde.n,ham Gardens also seoured wfjina ,rl °f- P";bhc Patrouage, and Lake nllv W.{ r'ae d[e,V ma"y thither' a F.r™t afternoon. °D watt;r dudu8 whole HANDBALL. There was a very good attendance at Barrow's Handball Court, Bridge-street, which under the new management is fast increasing in popularity. A number uf matches were played, some of them proving very excitiug contests. The following are the results of the matches during the day:— Messrs. Dunne and Lewis beat Messrs. Walsh ami Hogan, Messrs. Walsh and O'Brien beat Mnssrs. Duuno and Lewis, Messrs. Ryan and O'Kecto heat Messrs. O'Brien and Summers, Messrs. Cbadwiok and Fox beat Messrs. C. and J. O'Brien. 