SHAHDON BELLS. Ev WILLIAM BLACK, At'lHOR OF 'MACU30B OF DARE,' &C;, &C.; [Published by special arrangements with tue author. All rights reserved.] CH.4J-TEB XXIII.— 'Sie Traces v:c his. o Gbliebxe -' It is mid-day on the first of June ; the skies are clear : and this old- fashioned coach goes jolting and rattling, and swinging away through the lonely country that lies between Drimoleague and Bantry Bay. The warm summer air is sweetened now with the fragrance of the abundant honeysuckle, now with a whin: of peat-smoke from one of those poor stone hovels near the wayside. There are plenty oi Deautiiui tilings to cnarm cue eye of the traveller. There are masses of blue forget-me-nots in the marshy pools. The waste bog-land ha3 its own rich hues ; and those rude stone walls that enclose the miser able bit of farm or garden are surmounted by golden gorse. Even the far-reaching sterile bills, where tbc scant pasturage scarcely tints the barren rock, have their qualities of color that a painter might observe. For the day is beautiful, the air is clear, and the sunshine falls so strongly that the shadows under the hedgerows or under a steep bank seem quite black— and yet not the opaque black that a palette would give — but a sensitive, deep reaching luminous blackness that reveals things within itself, and that is cut across, outside, by the sharp pointed speari of the iris, a brilliant deep strong green in the sun light. The solitary passenger by this mail coach regards these things with a minuts and close and mechanical attention ; perhaps he forces himself so to regard them. He has come through the valley of the shadow of death, as it were; there is a black cloud behind him, and he durst not look that way ; he busies himself, and strives to busy himself , with the phenomena of the visible world around him. And while he fondly imagines that he con templating these phenomena with the calm and dispassionate eye of an artist— looking at the waste bog- land, and the poor hovels, and the sad far Mils, with a view to guessing at their value in color — in reality he is reading human sorrow and the tragedy of human life into every sight and sound that meets him. But the first glimpse of the broad waters of Bantry Bay made his heart leap with pain. Visions and dreams that had occupied days not so far bygone seemed to dazzle bis eyes — for a moment, but only for a moment. With a terrible effort he put them away. He would not confess to that quick sharp quiver at the heart. He was studying this beautiful picture as John Ross might have studied it. Look at the great width of the sea, with its armlets stretching in between the sunny browns and greens of the headlands. So still is the summer air, so calm and clear is the summer sky, that the blue of these far reaching arms of water is a dull and almost opaque blue — a sort of sealing-wax blue — looking molten and heavy in the spaces between the wooded islands and the rocks. The hills on the other side, that stretch away out to the lonely Atlantic, seem desolate and uninhabited. It is a sad picture, despite the loveliness of the summer day. But if one wishes to lose oneself— to get away from the world — to seek out the secret haunts of nature, and find solace and forgetfulness there — surely these remote shores, these voice less hills and glens, may afford a resting-place for the tortured soul ? He had to encounter strange faces at Glen gariff. At the pretty hotel there, whicli, from a distance, seemed to be half -smothered among trees and flowers and_ shrubs, he found a number of the visitors sitting outside, some having afternoon tea at small tables, others playing chess, or smoking or chatting ; and doubtless they would regard the newcomer with sufficient curiosity. No matter ; he wag soon inside, and there he asked if he might have a room for the night. 'Mr. Fitzgerald, I presume?' said the landlady. 'That is my name,' said he, with some astonishment. ' A room has been kept for you,' she said ; and Fitzgerald could only ask himself why he had been astonished, for indeed the thought fulness and kindness of those Chetwynds went beyond all bounds. ' I suppose,' said he, ' I can get the Castle town mail-car in the morning?' 'But you won't need that, sir,' said the good landlady, 'for the carriage is coming from Boat of Garry for you at half-past ten, if that is convenient. I was to give you the message from Mr. McGee. Mr. McGee has been down to Boat of Garry to see that everything is in readiness for you ; and I was to say that fee was very sorry he could not stajr to meet you here, as he had important business in Kenmare to-day,' ' Oh, indeed.' ' Visitors' book, sir,' said a waiter, open ing a large volume that lay on the hall table. ' Oh, yes,' said Fitzgerald, and he mechani cally took the pen and wrote his name. Then he lingered, glancing over the other names on the page, as is the fashion of new arrivals. He Bad his finger and thumb on the leaf, as if he meant to pursue this aimless enguiry, when all at once he seemed to recall himself ; he shut the book hastily, and turned, as if afraid that some one had been watching him. Then he went to his room, and re mained there until dinner time. He sat at the open window, looking at the beautiful foliage, and listening to the birds, and trying to think of nothing bat these. He would not confess to himself what sudden and frightful suspicion it was that made him so hurriedly shut the visitors' book ; nor yetr would he ask what new weight there was on his heart— this terrible consciousness that, sooner or later, before he left the house, he would be irresis tibly drawn to search those pages. At dinner he sat next a vivacious little old gentleman with a thin dried pale face and a Brown wig, an Englishman whose pleasant chatting, if it was not very wise or profound, served to beguile the time. He gave Fitz gerald a vast amount of information about the neighborhood. He had his views also. 'What is the highest form of human happiness ?' he asked, abruptly. ' Killing a brace of ducks right and left,' said Fitzgerald, for the sake of saying some thing. ' Oh, no. These are violent enjoyments, and violent enjoyments are invariably accom panied by violent disappointments. It is the attainment of peace and content, which is only possible after the wild passions and pur suits of youth are over. And what does it depend on ? Sound sleep, mostly. I mean to live to ninety.' 'I am sure I hope you may,' said bis neighbor. ' I think I shall. I see no reason to the contrary,' said the cheerful old gentleman. 'I cultivate happiness and health at the same time ; indeed, I find them to be the same thicg. The only stimulant I allow my self in the day — the only thing that rises a little above the level— is the dinner hour. I permit myself that, and find no harm in it. Now when I was your age I did as most young fellows did at that time— that is to say, without being a drunkard I drank too much. A brandy ana soda in the morning ; a pint of claret at lunch ; perhaps a glass of Madeira in the afternoon ; then the usual wine at dinner. What was the result? There was no novelty in it. There was no pleasant stimulus. The system was too familiar with these repeated excitements. And so nowa days I drink nothing bat tea or sodawater up till dinner-time ; and then I have my pint of champagne ; and my whole system enjoys this unwonted stimulus ; and perhaps I may even grow talkative, eh?' 'But about the sound asleep— you have not told me how you secure that,' said Fitzgerald. So long as this old gentleman would talk ho was glad to listen. ' 1 will tell you ; I should like to proclaim it from the house-tops,' said the other, seriously. 'It is by having an occupation for all idle hours ; an occupation sufficient to fix jour attention, so that you can pass a raiay morning without fretting; an occupation sufficient to distract your mind in the evening —I mean the last hour or so before going to bed — and yet leave no puzzling questions be hind to disturb you. Now my occupation is to read carefully and strictly through, from one end to the ether, the Encyclopaedia JSrittanica. Not one of the new editions, which might have modern speculation in it ; but the edition of 1812, in forty half -volumes. I am quite sufficiently interested for the moment in Abergavenny, in Abruzzo, in Abyssinia, or Aquilaus ; butyet not so eagerly as to interfere with my sleep; and when I have got away through to the end of the twenty-fourth volume I can begin again 'with my memory free from a single fact. But tbis I allow myself, I must tell you. I allow myself the use of a number oE small hieroglyphics that I put in as I go on, and when 1 come to one of them again I say to myself, ' Whyj the last time I read this I was inMra.Scott'sinnatBocastlelandwhatastorm. was blowing !' or perhaps another one tells me that when I read this paragraph I was at Ben Rhyding, just come back from a stroll across the moors, or perhaps at the Bell Inn at, Henley, when all the confusion of the boat races was about.' ' You seem to spend a good part of your life in hotels,' suggested Fitzgerald. ' All of it— the whole of it, my young friend,' was the prompt reply. ' Why should I have the trouble of keeping a house? I have that done for me by those who have had most experience of it of any people in the country. Where should Ihave peace and quiet if I were worrying about servants and smoky chimney s ? Why should I bother about cook ing ? If I do not like the cooking, or the bed rooms, or the direction of the wind, I go away elsewhere ; I could not do that if I were tied to one house and hampered with my own servants. I agree with Shenstone. I know where to find a warm welcome. I can fit my habitation to the season of the year ; at one time I am in the Isle of Wight, at another in the West Highland. I may say that England, Scotland, and Ireland form my house ; and I have a noble staff of servants — in numbers, at all events— who please me tolerably well. And you — at your time of life one does not I travel for pleasure. May I be so impertinent as to ask what your business or profession may be?'' ' I don't know that I have any juat at the present moment,''' said Fitzgerald, absently. '?I have been thinking of going to America.' 'Ab,:- said the neighbor, regarding him with curiosity. 'You know the saying ' America, is here or nowhere.' ' ' That is from Wllhelm Meister,' said Fitz gerald (it was a wonder to himself how glad he was to talk to this old gentleman, in bow ever mechanical a fashion ; the journey had been a lonesome one). 'And I never could understand Wilhelin Meister. But I suppose as it is an epigram it must be clever. What I know is that here the Government won't give you one hundred and sixty acreB of free hold land for five shillings an acre.' ' You mean to farm, then 1 Pardon me, but —I should not have thought that would be congenial occupation. You spoke of Wil helm Meister,' said the old gentleman, in his precise and courteous way. ' What do you think of Werther, then! He was a great favorite among the young people when I was a youth.' 'I like him still less,' was Fitzgerald's frank reply {though his eyes sometimes^ wan dered away, as though he were looking at other and distant things). ' I don't like .hot house sentiment. I don't think a man could go on loving a woman whose eyes were quite cold and indifferent towards him— concerned about bread and butter, in fact. If she had once loved him, even before her marriage, that would have been different. I can under stand a man going on through his life con stant to his love for a woman who has onea loved him, and whom he has lost. I mean,' he added, hastily, 'by death. I mean one who has been taken away Irom him by death, and whose memory is a life-long treasure. I don't pity him, I think he is lucky.' 'What?' said the old gentleman, 'lucky to have lost bis sweetheart.' 'Yes, before be found her out,' said Fitz gerald, quite simply — and even absently. 'Then nothing can upset his idoL She is always beautiful to him, and true ; he can have no suspicion of her ; and when she has been always good and true and believable, be believes other women may be. That is some thing. That is, when she dies in time— before she has degraded herself — before she has shown him what lies women's eyes can tell ? ' ' I say, my young friend, that is a very extraordinary theory for one of your age to hold,' said his neighbor, staring at him. The blood rushed to Fitzgerald's forehead ; he had been talking almost to himself. ' Oh,' said he, hastily, ' there is something in what you say about America. Of course, one would want a certain amount of capital. But the land along the Platte valley is excel lent ; and I fancy that these pre-emption grants are free from taxation ? ' ' But have you any practical experience in farming, may I ask ?' said his neighbor. Now Fitzgerald was so glad to get away from that other topic on which he had hap lessly stumbled that he began, and gave this old gentleman a very fair notion of the state of his affairs— of his struggles to obtain a place in the London literary world, and so forth. He named no names except the names of newspapers.' 'It is to me a very interesting story, for a reason I will tell you presently,' said his com panion. ' May I ask if you chanced to meet Mr. Noel?' Mr. Noel was the editor of a great daily newspaper in London, and his name was pretty well known. ' No, I never did,' said Fitzgerald. ' Perhaps you did not apply to him ?' ' No — I'had no means of introducing myself —even if I had thought ? ' 'Ah. Well, you see, it happens that I am one of the proprietors of the ? , and I should be delighted to give you a note of in troduction to Mr. NoeL' Of course Fitzgerald expressed his grati tude for this friendly offer, but rather avoided accepting it. He had learned one or two of the lessons of life. His imagination was not so sanguine now. The time was over when a chance conversation in an Irish inn could suddenly reveal to him a roseate path to fame and fortune. And, besides, what would be | tbe use of an introduction ? Suppose be were to be allowed to write for that great newspaper, what then? For whom? Towards what end ? Who was to care ? He had what money be wanted; thestruggle was over; he had no ambition to make his voice heard amid the discordant roar of London — even if it could reach all the way from the solitudes of Boat of Garry. Nevertheless he felt very grateful to this old gentleman for the distraction his conversation has afforded during dinner, for it was with a renewed and agitated fear that he passed quickly by the small table in the hall where tbe visitors' book lay. For one brief second he paused, hah! determined to brave the discovery, and free his mind from the lurking and intolerable dread ; and then again be turned, mastering bis vacillation, and resolved to give way to no such weakness. Of what concern was it to him ? Let the dead past bury its dead. He had put that black cloud behind him. His business was tbe present. And here, on this lovely summer evening1, amid the quiet beuties of Glengariff, was there not enough to occupy his attention ? He would do as these others were doing, only he rather wanted to get aivay from them, and be alone. He got a boat, told the boatman he might go where he pleased, and was glad to be away from the shore and in silence. Was it because the silence was so intense that now and again some air of an old familiar song seemed to come floating across the abyss of time, speak ing of other nights and other scences that his heart remembered. This was not Inisheen, this was Glengaritf, Look at the beautiful still bay; at the wooded islands; at the Solemn Hills. Far up in the north- western heavens there is still a yellow glow of twilight; here along the shore every thing is pale and cold and clear. In under the islands the water is of a glassy blackness ; but the ripples catch the glow from the sky, and the black is barred with a faint gold. A heavy splash out there tells that a salmon as leapt ; the young herons high up in the trees croak as they are being given their evening meal ; in by the rocks, under the bushes, the grey wet back of the otter comes up again and again silently to the surface until he finally disappears. Then they turn seaward (a white ghost of a heron rises from a creek and shows itself for a second or two crossing the shadows) and make way down by Martello Tower, the night deepening' in silence, a faint grey mist gather log along the lower hills, the twilight still strong enough to show, far away, the large mainsail of a yacht lying at her moorings— a phantom thing on the dark expanse of sea. And then slowly home again, over the clear shallows, and as one nears the landing-place a slight stirring of the wind brings a scent of roses from the hedge there. It is a gracious evening. The stars come out one by one, the silver sickle of the moon has arisen in tbe south, there is just enough of ripple along the shores to make a soft and con tinuous murmur. And the roses make sweet the night air. But what was this that went through his heortlikefire? He was standing by the rose hedge, alone— for nearly all the people had gone indoors — dreamily listening to the low murmur of the water. But this other sound ? There were two people coining along the road, and but vaguely seen in the gathering darkness, and they were quietly singing to gether one of Mendelsohn's duets. Did he not know it?— the pain, and the sweetness and the longing of it ! And then, somehow, a bewilderment seized him ; surely if he were to hasten away at this moment— if he were to hasten away to Cork and ascend the hill and enter the small house there— he would, find that all this black nightmare of the past few v.eeks had been a ghastly dream. It could not be that Kitty was a traitor — that she had gone away from him — Kitty whose eyes had looked into his, who had pledged her life and her love to him in the glen at Inisheen, who had trembled in his arms, and sobbed, and kissed him, as she bade him good-bye at the shore. He would escape from this frightful thing ; he would go to Kitty herself. And the next second a sudden, strange trans formation takes place; he is in a vision; Glengariff has disappeared; he is at Audley-place j Look— he opens the email iron gate, and goes up the pathway, and rings the belL The sound of the piano within ceases ; it is Kitty's footstep that is in tbe lobby. 'Well, sir, have you come for your tinging leeson?' 'I have come for a great many 'lessons, Kitty.' Thcygo hand-in-Xiand into the warm little room ; Miss Patience is absent ; the piano is open. ' Which one V says Kitty. ''Oh, wert thou in the caald blast?' No; yon can manage that pretty welL Some day, when literature gives oat, we may have to sisg that in a concert room ; and then you'll see whether anybody can give you a lead with the accompaniment as well as I can. No ; we'll try ' O would that my love were whispered.' Now let my hair alone, and. attend to your business; and please don'fc bawl as if you were singing at Jjimerick races ; but sing as if you were singing to me— at njgirt — and just us two in the whole world ? ' [Surely, if these two people— no doubt young people fond enough of each other — who were at thi3 moment coming along the road to the Gleugariff Hotel, could bave known what agony they were inflicting on one who wished not to listen but could not refuse to listen, snrely they would have ceased their careless humming- of the old familiar air.l He is standing by Kitty's side. She strikes the first notes of tbe music ; and he loses his voice in hers, so anxious is he to hear her — 'Oh, would that my love were ?whisperc-3 To thee in a. single sigh ; Or nmniHiring in swiet«st mnsic. On swift zephyr's wing ccrald fly On zephyr's wing—' The music stop?. * ' Dear me,' she says, ' what are you doing ? What business have yov with that ? Don't you see that's mine 'i I believe you are sing ing by car, and not looking at the words at all ? ' ' They are not worth much when you do look at them, are they Kitty V he says. ' That is not my business, nor yours,' she answers, with tbe asperity of a music mistress. ' We have got to sing the duet ; you can criticise the poetry afterwards. Now, you come in at the proper place — and leave my hair alone, will you ? Miss Patience asked me if I bad combed it with a furze-bush the other night. Now ? ' And so they finish that verse, and get through the next very fairly. But presently when they come to — ' And even in the depths of thy slumber. When night spreads her shadowy beams—' Kitty finds herself singing alone. She ceases, and turns round and lifts up ber soft pretty black eyes in astonishment and affected anger. ' Well ? What is it now 1 Why have you stopped '{' 'It is so much nicer to hear you singing alone, Kitty ; I don't want to spoil it.' ' Am I to sing a duet by myself?' ' I don't care what it is, so long as you sing it.' ' I thought you might have had enough of my singing by this time.' 'Perhaps you will be thinking I have had enough of you V ' That's what you will be saying some day, at all events,' she answers, saucily. 'And soon enough. Oh, I know what men are. Sighing their lives out over a. little bit of your hair ; and then you marry them, and before you know where you are they wouldn't walk the length of a draper's shop to buy a pair of gloves for you.' ' But you have not been married so very many times, Kitty?' 'Don't be absurd. I speak from observa tion. And I know you'll be just like the rest. But never mind ; itfs very nice iu tbe meantime ; and you're looking such a bonny boy to-night ; and — and, in fact I'm going to be very kind to you, as I always am, and make you miserable, and if his highness will condescend to fetch me that book over there, his humble attendant will sing anything he cbooses ? 'I He places his hand on her shoulder. ' And do you really think, Kitty, that we may grow indifferent to each other ?' ' Don't tease ; but bring the book.' ' I want you to look at me and say so. I know what you mean when I see your eyes.' She keeps down her head. ' For I have heard strange things since I went to London ; but about women only. I have heard it said that a woman's eyes are always wandering : and if you look down a table d'huie you will soon find that out ; but it is not safe to leave a woman by herself who has a loving heart ; that she is likely, in your absence, to become gently interested in some body else ? ' She removes his hand from her shoulder, with a quick gesture. ' It isn't true, Kitty ?' he says, with gentle ness. 'I know the man you mean— and I hate him !' she answers fiercely. ' It isn't true, then, that women are like that?' And then— ah! the thought of it!— she leaps to her feet, and seizes his arms, and there is a proud indignation in the white, up turned, quivering face ; and there is some thing like tears in the black, soft eyes, and the pretty lips are tremulous. 'Read my eyes, read my heart and ray soul ; and say if you can think such a thing of me?' And then — but this dream of what was bygone was like madness to the brain, he could no longer think of it; aud happily these two people had passed into the house, and he was once more alone with the silence of the night. But even here he could find no rest ; the darkness was too full of pictures. He passed into the warm light of the hotel, and in the ball met the old gentleman who had talked with him at dinner, and who was now chatting with the landlady. ' Ah, here you are, I see ; I have been won dering where you had gone to. Here is the letter to Mr. Noel.' ' Oh, I am very much obliged to you.' ' You will find him a most excellent fellow ; and it is not often I try his good nature in this way.' 'I think ycu are doing too much for a stranger,' said Fitzgerald, frankly. ' I know something of newspaper offices. I know editors are not fond of letters of introduction. Supposing that I were to begin and pester the life out of this poor man ?' ' Oh, I am not afraid,' said the old gentle man, good-naturedly. Something in your conversation at dinner showed me you had an old bead oa young shoulders. You. will see,' he added, speaking in a lower voice, and, in fact, in a somewhat mysterious manner, 'that I have written to Mr. Noel merely as a friend. There are a number of proprietors, you under stand, and as our interests might be diverse, we have agreed never to intermiddle with the conduct of the paper, except on such large points as the board may be summoned to consider.' I hope,' said Fitzgerald, pleasantly, ' that the declaratien of dividends is one of these large points.' 'Marvellous!' said the other, putting a finger on his companion's arm to emphasise bis tragic whisper. 'Marvellous. Not a word to a human soul ; but last half-year the manager announced to us a dividend of 85 per cent, on the original capital ! Think of that ! Now, of course, we don't want to inter middlewitha concern that is paying like that ; and this note does not recommend you as a writer to Mr. Noel, but merely tells him that I had the pleasure of meeting you at the table d'hote here, that you knew something of literary affairs, and asking to be allowed to introduce you. That is all. You under stand?' ' Oh, perfectly. I am very much obliged to you.' ' Although I am a pretty withered old stick myself,' said the old gentleman, facetiously, ' I believe in the infusion of new blood— so does our manager — a most shrewd and excel lent man. 'New blood,' I say to him. 'When you can get it,' says he. Now I am off to my nnal hour at the Encyclopedia. Where was I? Oh, yes, at London, the account of the great fire, very interesting, I assure you. But,' he added, with impressivencss, 'not too interesting. I shall not sleep any the less soundly tonight because I have been reading about the baker's shop in Pudding-lane.' ' Good night to you then,' said Fitzgerald. 'But not yet, if you are coming into the drawing-room. Of course you are ; there are some charming young ladies there. I have my volume there, too, their chatting or singing does not interrupt me ; on the contrary, is it not a pleasant variety to look up from Ancient Thebes or the wars of Alexander and see a nicely-rounded cheek and pretty eyelids bent over a book ? I always keep my volume there, though once or twice the wicked young creatures have hidden it out of mischief.' So he went off and into the warm, bright little drawing-room ; and Fitzgerald was left in the hall. He bad a reason for lingering— which he dared scarcely confess to himself. 'You have a good many people here,' he said, cheerfully, to the landlady or mana geress, ' for this time of tbe year.' ' Oh, yes, sir. It is rather a favorite time. Many people like to go through and see Kil larney while the hawthorn is still out.' He was turning, over the visitors' book, his face and manner careless, his heart throbbing with a nameless dread. 'Is Boat of Garry a pretty place?' he asked. 'Oh, yes, sir; I believe so, sir; I have never been there myself.' He did not hear that answer. He had come to three names, two of them bracketed to gether, all written in the same band — Miss Romayne .. .. If^n* Miss Patience .. ? ]?«*'*- E. t. Cobbs .. .. Liverpool. He shut the book quickly, without looking rcund ; he dared not show the landlady his ghastly face. He took refuge in the drawing rcom, concealing himself in a corner, with his hands clenched on the newspaper he held up before him : the letters he saw before him seemed to be printed in bipod. And then there was a kind of suffocation in the air of the place ; was not the night hot? Some people were laughing ; it was a strange sound. A chord was- struck on the piano ; and there was silence. Two voices were heard— two gills' voices — one soprano, the other contralto — andwhatmuet they sing but 'Ob, wert thou in tbe cauld lalaet V' His clenched hands were trembling ; tbe agony was too great. But be managed to read on — and such reading ? — such blind, wild fixing the eyes on words that had no meaning — until the musical piece was finished ; and then he slunk out, his face averted, from the room, and found safety, and coolness, and time to think, in his small apartment upstairs. But even here, as be sat down, strange fancies that he strove to banish came into his head. Why did he look so intently at the window-sill, at the dressing-table, at the mirror ? The mirror can reflect many faces ; but no trace remains. This bedroom must have been breathed in by many visitors ; but here was the sweet fresh air of the night blowing in at the open window. What idle fancies were these? The room was bat as another room. He got a book, held it up against tbe light, and began to read. He read nothing. The window was still open ; the soft night air blowing in j and yefc the room seemed to choke him. Then all at once he seemed to know that Kitty had occupied this room. She had kissed her lover out there in the passage ; she had come in here to be alone with her perjured heart ; -she ; had looked in the mirror to see whether her I eyes bad been lying as bewitchingly as was i their wont. These were the eyes with which ; she had sought him out when, breathless and i smiling, she had come down to the Cork i staticn to see him away— glad, no doubt, that { he was going, and knowing that he would ! trouble her no more. She had taken back her | love, her pledged love from him; but she j could give him a basket, and salad cut with ber own hands. Was she not kind ? Was she cot generous ? Had she not a woman's thoughtfulness and pretty consideration, and affectionate ways ? He could see her smiling, and kissing her hand to him, and waving her handkerchief, as the train slowly left the station ; she was thankful, no doubt, she had escaped ; she had got through the hypocrisy ; ber eyes had met his, but he bad not read down deep enough, nor seen the treachery of her heart. The air o£ this room seemed contaminated ; he could not remain in it. Was it on that window-sill there that she had leaned her arms, on tbe still [morning, and looked out ? Oh, her eyes were pretty enough ; any one passing along the road and noticing her would say that was a charming enough face. Any kisses to sell this morning, fair young lady ? —it seems these things are bought nowa days. Is the price high? Must one hail from Manchester, or Liverpool, or some such commercial place before one can become a purchaser ? Hearts, too ; do they find quick buyers, seeing they are so quickly transfer able ? Bah !— she is no woman fit for a man's love— throw her out to the dogs, the smirking Jezebel ! He put down his book ; be has not been reading much. f Why this contempt, then? Why think ! scorn of poor Kitty, who (when she was at Inisheen. at least) did her best to be loving ? Poor little Kitty; the small, trembling, over fond heart mistook its strength. No doubt she wished to be steadfast and true. Perhaps j she tried for a time. But she was a creature { of the sunshine ; the warm little heart went j dancing and fluttering on ; what was it to her J that behind her lay a man's broken life ? j No, he could not remain in this room ; the I objects in it were horrible; the air stifled j him. He went downstairs again; got hold of I somebody to whom he made the excuse of sleeplessness ; and so had the door opened, and went out wandering into the darkness. And now a breeze bad sprung un in the south, and all the night was awake. The wind murmured and trembled through tbe dark branches of the trees ; there was a sound I along the shore ; and the sad mother earth was i listening to the wail of her daughter at sea. Only far away in the stars — those calm, aud ihining and benighted orbs — did there seem to be peace. If only one could reach them through the gateway of the grave. [To be continued.) 