€&&& '& MobUMUL THE AUSTRALIAN ELEVEN 191 ', ENGLAND. [From our Special Ilenorter. ? l.oailou, May 20. The Oxfoed Mvrcif SThe campaign cf the third teim. o£ Australian cricketers which has visited England commenced on Monday, May 15, on the Christ Church grauaJ, Oxford, iheir opponents being tne University Eleven. Since their arrival in London on Thursday, May 4, the colonials have been constantly practising, aud most of them have taken jiart ia various locil matches, none of them, however, doing anything brill iaut. The members ot the team ne w to tenu-laurt Massie, Giffen, and Jones, have been very f avoi- tlilv spoken of by the London sporting press, tiia former in particular, his hitting being ciiaracteiisod as tl-e Jiuest ever seen at Lord's. ]-armg their stay ia the metropolis the Eleven have be-3:i ?'Jiqnizel' to a great extent, though they have not forgotten that they cania to England to uphold ths honor of the colonies in the cricket fieM, and eomequenilv when theyinettheOxfoidEleyenthevwereiuveryfairform. To all appearances their voyage, though 'souiewhat tedious, has not disagreed with them, and they set foot on English soil heavier, if notbettormeu. i'hey have a long list of matches to get throussti, no less than thirty-six being arranged, anil they will require ? to husband their strength it' thev inteml to do thsra 6elvesand the colonies credit/ With oao solitaw exception six days out of the seven will bs devoted to cricket, and criutet too with fii-at-iute elevens. It was anticipated that a match would be arranged with SUa-r's team on their arrival, but as the Eisglishmea did notiaml till within a few days of the date of the Oxford match the project had to be abandoned. The people of the '? Emerald Isle ' also wished to Jiavaa visit from them, but owiag to their Mine being fallv occupied the Australians \rei-e compelled to decline the invitation. The team journeyed Irom London on Sunday morning. May 14, and their arri'al caused not a little sensation in the 'city of colleges.' On Monday morning several members of the eleven had a stroll -around, and shortly after il o'clock drove to the ground, acoompiuieJ bv gentlemen of the Oxford team. Aftev indiilx ios in a little practice the coin was tosseS, and fortune having favored Murdoch he elected to take advantage of the wicket. The weather was fine, with a cold easterly wind, which compelled the thin-blooded Australians to don their gceateoasa, but seemed to_ have no effect on their opponents. At the beginning of the game the attendance was very poor, out increased to something like 3,030 as the day wore on. The ground is prettily situated, and is within easy distance of the principal part of the city. It is not so large as the Adelaide Oval, and lacks the ornamental trees which adorn your ground. However, the wicket was ill spleailid order, and tall scoring was looked for. Soon after 12 o'clock the 'Vansity tsam took the field, followed by Massie and Bannerinan, who were greeted with a around of applause from the specta tors. 'Bcbuison and Harrison opened the game on behalf of Oxford, and after two or three overs Massie began to open his shoulders, Bannerol m adopting 'stone- walling' tactics. Before ihe match had proceeded halt an hour Massie gained complete mastery fiver the Oxford bowliuir. re peatedly sending the ball through the chains, ijaunerman did not seem at home, and was bo nlad off his pad aftermakingl4. Murdoch and McDjnaell were both bowled for 'ducks,' ami Giffen joined Massie. The spectators were now treated to a splendid exhibition of cricket, both batsmen puaish iiig the bowling considerably. After miking 19 Giffen, in playingat a ball, missed his footi.-ig, and was honied. It was generally admitted that his was the most finished cricket of the innings. Black ham made 7 in luther a tame fasliion, and was then caught. Massie, who had been scoring at a rapid rate throughout the innings, at last lifted, the biil high over the bowler's head, and was well caught by Hamilton. He retired amidst long-con tiuuei ap- plause with 20G to his credit, the tot j 1 then standing at -265. For one man to score in such a manner is quite unprecedented, and this young batsmau will undoubtedly take a position in the very front ran » of cricketers. He made no less than 24 fours, and was at the wickets a little over three hours. Jones and Garrelt played well for 39 aud 41 respectively. The former gentleman is by no means a fast scoi-ei1, being somewhat of the Banuerman class. 'Jarrett iras lucky, a chance having besn missed at the wickets before he had got into double figures. Palmer and Spoffiorth each got respectable scores, the latter being not out. Boyle haif the misEortaae to be bowled off his foot from the first ball he re ceived, and the innings closed for the splendid total of 362. The Oxford bowline was not first-class, bat hey fielded pluckily throughout, very few chances ? being missed. Massie was let off when he hail marie 12, but the catch -was a difficult one. At a quarter to . the Oxford men commenced the task of wiping olF . the huge score before them, tiie pioneers being saw and Peake ; l'almer and Spoffprth bowling, At the time of drawing stumps two wickets had fallen for r- runs. On resuming on the following day the team brought the score up to 189, Shaw playing a patient innings for 78 not out,Kemp making 23*anii Robinson 23\. The batting of the collegians was disappointing, seeing that the Australian bowling: was not by auy means up to ?* concert pitch.' rSpofTorth did not come o'fr, and Pahner and Garretfc were not dangerous. The fielding, too, of the colonials was weak as a rule, though at times it wa; brilliant. Two catches made in the long-field by Giffen off Soofforth are especially deserving of mention, and Blackhain at the wickets distinguished himself. It was hardly to be expected that the Australians would be in their best form, seeing they had only been in the country about a fortnight, though by their exhibition in the first match it was ad mitted by many of the University Eleven that they ?would take a lot of beating. The 'dark blues' being move than SO runs to the bad hail to follow on. and accordingly Shaw and Peake were disp itched to guard the wickets. They soon got to work, play ing the bowling of Pahner and Spofforth with great confidence. After making 0 Shaw was ciught at inid-off by Jones off Pahner. When Leslie joined Peake the score mounted rapHly, and it seemed as if the Australian bowling was ' in a knot.' Change after change was tried without effect till Giffen went on, and then a reaction set in. He soon stuck up the batsmen, clean-bowling Walker and Psake, and shcrtly after catching Leslie off his own howl ing. Leslie played a sound innings of 5G ; in fact his batting was the finest in the team. He appeared to have plenty of honor in his own country, as when he retired he received a perfect storm of applause. When stumps were drawii four wickets were down for 119. The attendance on the second day ^wns good, not less than 6,000 persons being present. 'The weather was beautifully fine, and 'our boys' seemed more at home than on the previous diy. On the game being resumed at noon 0:1 Wednesday the score was increased to £31, Whiting 55, Hamil ton 37, and Harrison 25 being the principal scorers. The batting of the Oxford team in the second innings was much better than that of the first, aud at one time it seemed as if the batsmen had taken a lease of the wicket. Giffen was again sucoes»f ul with the ball, taking four wickets, making a total of seven for the innings. These were obtained at a cost of 78 runs only — a rpma.rl.-a.l-.la performance considering the almost perfect wicket and the batting strength of the Collegians. Shortly after 3 o'clock the Aus tralians commenced to wipe off the 02 required to win, Bannerman and Massie going in. Bannerman ivas clean bowled second bail, and Murdoch took his place. No more wickets were lost, and at a quarter past 4 the game was finished, Massie being 46 not out, aud Murdoch 15 not out. both having played freely, Massie's rapidly-compiled score was marred by a, ridiculously easy chauce at long-otf soon after he had gotinto double figures. The Australians are to be congratulated on the result of their first match ia England, andthemennewtothe 'old country' have amply justified their beirg included in the team. It should' be mentioned tkat on Monday evening the Australians giued with the University team at tUe Corpus Christi College, and a very pleasant time was spent. South Australians generally will be glad to learn that Giffen is iu excellent health and has been showing first-rate form. He is, moreover, a great favorite with the team, and satisfaction was expressed on his being so successful hi bowling. tThe scores fu tlrs match have already been pub lished.] Manchester, June 2. The Sussex Match. After their victory at Oxford the Australians re turned to London, where they stayed for the night, and on .Thnrsday morning left for Brighton, where they met a strong team of Sussex players. Great preparations had been made for the match, and as visitors were beginning to arrive for the season at the fashionable watering place, a large attendance was anticipated. On their arrival the Australians took quarters at the Royal, oneof the best appointed hotels in Brighton. It occupies a commanding position on the Esplanade and is quite close to the sea, so that the Australians were enabled to get a ' sniff of the briny' by simply opening their windows. On my arrival :n Brighton I strolled along the pro menade, and was pleased to notice the Australian flag flying at the Koyal, I suppose, however, the majority of those who saw it did not know what the colors were. Brighton is a favorite place with the cricketers, and tiioy would gladly have prolonged their stay if possible. .Several Australian gentle men took a mu down from London to see their countrymen, and amongst them I noticed Mr. Caleb P-eacock. .Shortly after 11 o'clock the Australians drove to the ground, where a large gatherhiga waited their arrival. Previous to the mitch commencing the colonists indulged in some tall hitting, j use to looseii their joints a bit, and won 'golden opinions from all sorts of men' by the manner in which they bandied the willow. Su*sex has long been a noted cricketing county, and when a ' foreign' team plays theie they may reckon on being criticised pretty severely.asalmosteyerybody knows something of the game. The Australians, therefore, may congratulate themselves npon producing such a favorablciinpres sionupon the Sussex cricketing community. The fine weather which prevailed during the Oxford match still held up, and on Thursday, when the Australians took the field, the sun was shining brightly, his rays being tempered by a cool breeze— weather not unlike that iu Sep tember in Adelaide. The team was the same as that which played at Oxford, with the exception that Horan was substituted for Boyle. Sussex having won the toss decided to go in, and Murdoch's countenance darkened a little as he looked at ilie perfect wicket and thought what he hail lost. He was not long, however, in getting his men in the field, and Ellis and Greenfield, the first representa tives oi Sussex, took their positions at the wickets to the bowling of Pahner and Spofforth. B0M1 commenced 'quilting' ths bowlers, and the crowd smiled as 10 and then 20 went up. It certainly did seem as if they meant bu iness when they liit £--ni3 of the best balls through the chaitis. 'They'll make about two hundred,' said a gentleman in the pavilion, and his es'imate was supposed to be rather under than over the mark. As the bowlers warmed to their work, however, a change began to, come over the spirit of the scene, and Blackham soon snapped Ellis off Palmer. Whittield stepped into the ' imminent, deadly breach,' and after making a few runs saw Greenfield well taken by Gifi-n off Spofforth. Two good wickets gone for 40, and Sussex not quite happy. The Australians were rapidly getting into lorin and their bowling and fielding were magnificent. Palmer got 011 the spot, and kept on it, and although he was hit, so wall was he backed up by tiio field that it was almost impossible to get runs off him. Kipoffortb. also was ably secondiug Palmer's efforts, though the wicket did not suit him. Three wickets fell for 46, and the score was then raised to (31, Whittieid aud Uettesworth being the agents. The latter put a. ltall fi'om .Spofiorth into lioran's hands at slip, and 'Tommy' held it. Wliitfield got his quietus with the first ball of Palmer's next over— 5 for G3 and Blackmail, a man said to possess a strong defence, took the vacant wicket. He must hive forgotten liis defence on this occasion, as he got the ' death-rattle' from Palmer's first. Six for 03. Lucas followed, and shared a similar fate. Seven forC3. One of the ''gods' suggested sending ia tM'o men at ouce, so as to save time. The remaining batsmen brought the total up to 95, Humphrey's scoring IS, and the veteranLiliywhite5, not out. For the Sussex eleven to iiave gone out for 95 on a bits man's wicket seems incredible, and this is the best testhnony of the excellence of the bowling. Iu fielding one or two mistakes were made. Massie and Jones ooth missing easy catches. Gifiin was quite liimtelf in the long-field, and was frequently a;i plauded for his smartness. Altogether he is shaping as well as any man in the team, and I anticipate iiis leturnins to South An^fcralix with 'blasai.tg honors (hick upon him.' The clock showed twenty minutes past 3 when the last Sussex wicket fell, and at twenty-fine minutes to i the Australians - began their innings, Bannerm&n; and Missie being' the first representatives, the former taking strike and sending the first ball through the chains for 4. Both batsmen seemed to understand tlie bowling from the first, and scored off nearly every over. Massie began in his usual vigorous style, and treated the spectators to some grand hitting. The score of the Sussex team was just headed when Massie skied one from Buckmau, and Betteaworth being about effected a good caich. One for 0G. The score of the retiring batsman. 45, was compiled ihtforty minutes. Previous to the fall o! the wicket Murdoch went into the field, and ob jected to Blackina.n'3 bowling, but the umpire would not entertain the objection. To me it looked 5'emarkably like a throw, an 1 many on the ground maintained its unfairness. Murdoch took Massis's ? place, ami at once proceeded to business, repeatedly fending the bali through the chains. When the score bad been raised to 127, Bannerman, who had been getting his runs rapidly, was splendidly taken by Trevor at lnid-on. The veteran Koran next.ao I-eared, and broke his ?' duck' the first over, and silmost immediately after got one under the ropea for 4. Murdoch was now thoroughly set, and played everything like a book. He was well basked up by Horan, who, however, couH get hardly any bonding to operate upon. At 25 minutes to 0 200 want np, and Sussex's ^spirits went down. The bowling was frequently changed, but nothing could stop runs from being made. When time was cilled the score stood at 274, Murdoch 109 not out, and Horan 41 not out. The batsmen received quite au ovation on retir ing. On play being resumed on Friday at noon a lai-se attendance congregated. The news of the wonder ful performance of the Australians spread rapidlv, and the evening papers must hive amasssd a small fortune. The batsmen commenced operations in a business-like manner by 'pasting' the bowling considerably. After a patient well-hit innings Horan-was taken in the slips, the telegraph shor/iug three for 201. McDonnelTjoined the captain, and soon after SCO appeared amidst cheering from a small knot of Australians present. .The bowling of the Sussex team was very weak, and when Hum phreys went- on witli underhand a general laugh was indulged in. He, however, seemed to bother the batsmen somewhat, and eventnaliy scattered McDonnell's stump.-. Mac only made 11 ami did uot setm in anything like his usual form. He made one sensational Kit, seadtig the ball clein over the chains. The 'prince of wicket-keepeiv.' emerged from the pavilion, and with Slur loch made a desperate stand. Tiie Sussex capfcain was at his wit's end to know what to do to effect a seaaration. At one period of the game Humphreys was bawling lobs and Trevor 'grubbers.' It was pitiful. At 3K- Blackham was given out l.b.w., and au adjourn ment was made for lunch, Murdoch beiog 172 not out. It was now 2 o'clock, and 1 overheard a per 3011 remark, '1 don't believe they'll get them wretches out today.' It didn't look like it. Oa resutnins ut a quarter to 3, Giffeu became Murdoch's parensr, and sent the first ball he got away to the tune of i. At 10ptst-3 the fourth century was reached, and people begantospeculateonl.OOObeingobtainsd. Both bats men were punishing the bowling fearfully, Giffeu in particular being busy. He drove Lilly white three times for i in one over. His batting was admired on all hands, and many considered his cricket the soundest of the day. He was particularly good on the leg side, and frequently 'brought down the house'' by .the manner in which he got the fast bowling away. At 4 o'clock Murducli reached his second hundred, and I began to think be would top hL Sydney score of 320. The applause had scarcely died away when 500 was hoisted. The Sussex bowlers were manutuvred and the Seld changed, but all to no purpose. However, such a state of thins* could not last, ami Giffen was taken by Blackaiaa off his own bowling, the board reading C — 74 — 507. Giffeu's score was put together ia a masterly manner, without the ghost of a chauce. On his return he was warmly welcomed. Jones took the vacant position, but did not remain in it long, only making 5. Garrett wa3 clean bowled by Iiumphrejs after hi liadmade 9, and Palmar jomiug Murdoch another .stand was made, 600 going us at twenty inimite3 past 5. 'There's no tail to 'the team,' said- an elderly gentleman; 'I never saw anything like it.' When Palmer fell a victim to Blackman the total was 630, the Victorian premier bov.ier contributing 2S of them. The 'Damon' stalked across tlie ground, and at once began hitting in a reckless manner. After being missed by Kllis he gave a chance to Humphreys, who accepted it, ar.d 'them wretches' were all out. Thus ended one of the most remarkable innings that lias ever Iiesn plajed ou an English groGnd. Murdoch gave two difficult chances during his long in nings, but nevertheless liis perfornianca was a splendid one, and adds another tu his already loug litt of tall scores. The first innings of the Aus tralians tenninated at a quarter to 6, au-l after haif -an hour's rest Ellis and Greenfield went in to uphold the honor of. the old cricketing county. When siunips were drawn for the day 31 runs hid been made, and 110 wickets down. On Saturday, ? in f lie weather, and with bnt a meagre attendance, tlie match was continued. It seemed as if tha^ Sussex men were following the example set them by the colonials, for they commenced hitting in c.n ap palling manner. At last tho 'phintom' got Greeiilield off his pad, and one for 44 wis posted. AVhitSeld followed, and a long stand was made. Garrett and Giffen were both tried as bowlers, but so true did the wicket play that they were uihuc cessful. Sussex supporters were cmite cheerful, though of course they did not expect to reach the tall score of the Australians. When 121 was reachad Palmer caught and bowled Ellis, and then a panic set in. Au old genieman left his seat to get a drink when the board showed 1 — 31—120, and when he returned a few minntes later he was sar prised to see 0—0—130 x-o»ted. The fact was. Palmer had changed cuds, and with the wind in his favor hai played havoo with the Sussex wickets. An adjoin ument was made for lunch at 2 o'clock, and at 3 o'clock play was resumed. The Aus tralians, who had been fielding well before luneli, now seemed to get lazy, ai-id were not nearly sj smart as they should have been. Blackhini at the wickets, however, was almost perfect. Lucas made 15 in a fluky manner, ^nd Hum phreys got 13 by patient play. The other batsmen did little, and the innings closed shortly after i o'clock for 193, VFhitfield being not out 54, leaving the Australians winners in one innings and 365 runs to spare. It will be noticed that the Sussex team throughout the match only made two more runs than Murdoch's score. Notwith standing the fact that the Sussex bowling was any thing but first- class, there is no denying the fact that 613 is a, splendid score against any bowling. The fielding of the county team was plucky and good, considering the length of time they were out. The play of the Australians showed a marked im provement on their Oxford form, and in a week or two they will be at their best. Subjoined are the _ scores : — SUSSEX. Captain, Mr. Lucas ; umpire, Mr. Payne. First Innings. Second Innings. Ellis, st. Blackham, b. Palmer 10 b. Garrett .. 52 Greenfield, c. Gift'en, b. Spof forth .. .. .. 23 b. Spofforth „ 31 TVhitneld, b. Palmer .. 13 uot out .. 54 Trevor, b. Palmer .. ..2 b. Palmer .. a Bettesworth, c. Horan, h. Spofforth .. ..10 b. Palmer .. 0 Charlwoood.c. Bannerinan, b. c. Murdoch, b. Palmer .. .. ..5 Pabusr .. 0 IMackmsu), b. Palmer .. 0 h. Garrett .. 3 Lucas, b. Pahner .. ..0 c. and b. Palmer 15 Humphrey's, et. Blaekham, c. Jones, b. b. Palmer . . . . IS Garrett . . 13 Pavne, b. Pahner .. .. 5 st. Blackham, b. Palmer .. 1 PilK white, not out.. .. h. b. Pahner .. 4 Byes 2, leg-byes .. ..4 Byes 9, leg-byes 1, wide 1 ..15 Total .. .. 95 Total 1!)3 Bowling Analysis. First Innings. Balls. Runs. Mdus. Wkts. Paimer .. ..143-43 14 S Spofforth .. ..140 43 15 2 Hecojid Innings. Palmer .. .. 192 iiZ 25 6 Spoffoith .. ..100 37 10 1 Garrett .. ..104 07 13 3 Giffen .. ..10 12 1 0 Giffen bowled one wide. A.UST.R.YUA.-NS. Captain, V. L. Murdoch ; umpire, Mr. TitcUiuirsh. MaWe, c. Bettesworth, b. Bliickman . . . . . 45 Bannerman, c. Trevor, b. lallywhite .. .. 6) Murdoch, not ont ? 2S8 Horan, c. Humphreys, b. Blackniau . . . . 51 McDonnell, c. HwnpliTeys ? -.11 Giffen, c. and b. Blackman ? 74 Jones, c. Humphreys, b. Greenfield .. .. 5 Garrett, b. Humphreys ? 9 Palmer, b. Blackman . ; ? 23 Spofforth, c. Humphreys, b. Greenfield .. .. a Byes, 17;. leg-byes, 22 ? 39 Total ? 013 Balls. Euns. Mdns. Wkts. LiUyvliite .. ..236 US 21 2 Blackman .. ..321 15'J 24 4 Humphreys .. ..160 122 6 2 Betttsworth .... 100 74 ti 0 Greenfield .... 93 CO 5 1 Trevor ? 40 IS 4 0 Lucas ? G3 36 4 1 Ellis ? 20 7 1 0 Tde Match with the Orlba.vs Club. Immediately after their crashing defeat of the Sussex eleven at Brighton tlie Australians returned to Louden in order to be in good form for their match with eleven of the Orleans Club, which was tc take place on the grounds of Sir John Astlev, at Twickenham, on Monday and Tuesday, May 22 and 23\. On account of the Derby being run on the 24th, and as cricket would be out of the question on ' Darby' Day, it was arranged that only a two days' match should be played. Twickenham being within easy distance of the city by rail, and as the Orleins Club had got together a very strong team, a large attendance was anticipated. I may mention that the Orleans is quite an aristocratic club, and its teams are generally composed of the best amateur talent that tan be procured in England. On this occasion amongst others W. G. Grace, E. M. Grace, A. P. Lucas, and A. J. Webbe, four of the best gentlemen players, opposed the Australians. Your readers will remember that the name of Sir John Astley is intimately associated with athletic sports, and he was the promoter of many of the goasyou please contests that have taken place in England of late years. On this occasion he generously threw open his beautiful grounds, and even if people did not care to look at cricket they could spend their time inspecting the park and gardens in close proximity to the cricket ground, which is one of the prettiest in this country. It is rather small, but is sui rounded with fine chesnut, ehn, and other trees, while the yellow blossom of the Iaburnam peens out her and there from amongst the forest of' bright green. Altogether the sight was one long to be remembered, as on a beautiful 'May morning, and in the presence of a large and fashionable attendance, the Austra lians took the field. Fortune seemed to have de serted Murdoch, as he again lost the toss, and to get on a good wicket first' is worth SO rtms. The brothers Grace were the iirst representatives of the Orleans Club, Palmer and Garrett assisting in the attack. W. G. played Palmer safely the first over, but E. M. lifted the second ball he received from Garrett into Horan's hands, wb-re it was safely held. The crowd was silent. A. P. Lucas joined the 'great gun,' and these batsmen fairly sot hold of the Australian bowling, playing everything in a correct and finished manner. Just as the scerers were getting ready to hoist the 50 Palmer clean bowled AV. (J. A splendid military band in atten dance struck up ' See the conquering hero comes' as the champion returned to the pavilion, and Uarlow— one of the members of Shaw's eleven in Anstialia — occupied the vacant wicket. He did not stay long, however, making only 12, and Steel lakinc liis place had to retire without scoring. With'four good men out of the road for 71 runs the Australian supporters cheered up. Webbe, however, joining Lucas, who was playing nerfect cricket, the {?ame bfgan to assume a different aspect. Murdoch «id all lie 'knew' to effect a separation, but to no puipose. When the score hadreached 113 Webbs was \--av@ht and bowled by Boyle. Another staud was made when Schultz went in, aud after the bowliug had been well changed, at a auuiter past 4 2-jO wt nt np. and the onlookers signified thoir approval in 'a most ntiuiis-takaWe manner by cheering till they ivcre almost hoarse. With 'the total at 213 Palmer bowled Schnlta, who hid coalribilfet! 34 is ?a careful manner. Tlie ues-t wicket only %&dz;'l 3 runs, and C. -T. Thornton, the lion hitter of MSag land, faced the bowler He coumienceJ ' slatiiis' very toon, though his hitting-was by no means site. After making 25 he was splendidly taken by IIoimii off Palmer. This was the catch of the matsu, and the partial spectators were generous enounU.to applaud. The remaining batsmen added a few rans, and tbe innings closed at a quarter past 5 o'-clock for 2T1. Lucas carrying out his bat for 87, obtained by the finest cricket I have seen by any English mttiman. The members of the Orleans Glub shook hands with each other over the reaolt. At twenty five minutes to C Murdoch and Massie west in oa behalf of Australia. At this time the trees threw their shadows across the pround, rendering »ood cricket impossible. Murdoch played his first*bver cautitnsly, but Massie had the misfortune Ut ba bowled by Botherhaiu before he had scored. None of the batsmen could see Hie bawling, and at t!i3 tiree cf drawing stuni»s four -wickets had fallen for 63rurs. On resuming on Tuesday the tide of ill fortune could not be ste timed, and tatsmm fitter batsman went down before the deliveries of \Y. O. Grace and Steel. At tv/euty-tivo minutes to 1 the Australian Eleven, who ha-1 scored Gly runs ia their previous match, were all out for the miserable score of 75, McDonnell making 25. and Giffen 24. It is not easy to account for this un expected collapse. Certainly, on the first day when the Australians went in the light was bad. and this will account for the dismissal of four good men; but on the second dav, in fine weather,- for tlie remaining batsmen ?onlv to in crease the score to 75 is something strange. The bowling did not seem at all good, and many of our men affirmed that it was ' rubbish.' However, it sufficed. Being more than 80 runs to the bad the Australians had to follow on, and shortly after 1 o'clock Murdoch and Horan appeared, W. G. and Steel bowjing. Cautious play was the order of the day, and it seemed as if a stand was likely to be made. Horan, however, was unfortunate.' being bowled off his leg after making 20. One good wicket for 24, and Australian supporters uneasv. Giffen filled the breach, and again a stand appeared probable as both batsmen seemed quite at home. In reaching at a *all off the wicket U-iffen had the misfortune to play on, and with 17 to his credit he retired. Percy McDonnell and Jones each made 2i, the former distinguishing himself by gettina; 14 tuns in three halls, including;one hii clean out of the ground for G. Bonnor made a sensational hit - into an adjacent plantation, and, after covering himself with glory on the strength of it, was clean bowled. Murdoch had been playing masterly cricket throughout the innings, and when. the last man (Boyle) came in a few minutes before drawing time it was fervently hoped by Australian supporters ' that he wouldcarry his bat. The bowlers di[lfcheh-be3t to tempt them, V,'. G. Grace especially seoming anxious to secure him. It wa3 love's labor lost, aufl with the magnificent score of 107 Murdoch returned to the pavilion, amidst the plaudits of the assembled housands, the hero of the match. By his play since coming to England Murdoch ha3 established his reputation as a batsman of the first order, and I have no hesitation iu saying that he has no superior inEngland. Massiehasbeen unfortunate, andhisplay in this match was of a very feeble character. Gift'en has been playing good cricket in every match, and in regard, to style is equal to any iu the team. Spof forth seems to have gone off altogether in his bowl ing, and can be played with the greatest ease even by second-rate batsmen. On Wednesday the team drove to Epsora to see the Derby, and their drag was noticeable by its bearing ths Australian dag. At Twickenham I observed Mr. Peacock, Mr. Brooks, and Mr. Fisk, aHd also several gentlemen from ths oiher colonies. I had almost forgotten to mention that the Australian players were entertained by the Orleans Club on Monday evening, and a 'very pleasant meeting broko up at au early hour. The following are the score?, from which it will be soen . that ihe match was drawn iu favor of the Oilcans gentlemen:— ORLEANS CI.UB. Captain, Mr. Thornton ; umpire, Mr. Toais. W; G. Grace, b. Palmer ? 34 K. M. Grace, c. Hoian, b. Paliner ? 0 Lucasi (not out) ? .. „ ST Barlow, c. Bornior, b. Garrett ? 12 Steel, c. Bonnor, b. Garrett ? 0 Webbe, c and b. Boyle ? 45 Schultz, b. Paliner ? si Vevnon, b. Palmer ? 3 Thornton, c. Horan, i-. Palmer ? 25 Pilling1, c. Boyle, b. Palmer ? 0 Botberliaui, h. Palmer ? 6 Byes IS, leg-byes 5, no-balls 2 . . . . 2.1 Total ? 271 Bowling Aualvsis. Balls. Huns. JWns. Wkts. Palrafr ? mt m is 0 Garrett ? 220 1i 21 \\-. Spofiortlii .. ..103 SO 12 0 Boyle ? 44 :',) 0 1 Ciilen ? 40 15 4 0 fjpotforth and Palmer each bowled a no-ball. AL'SraAI.IAXS. Captain, W. L. Murdoch ; umpire, Mr. Wild. First Innings. Second Inn iiu-s. Murdoch, c. K. M. Grace, b. Steel ? 17 not out .. .. 107 Massie, b. Rotherhain .. 0 c. Pilling, l-. Hir Iow ' .. .. 14 Horan, l.b.w., b. Steel.. 1 h. Eotiterhaui .. -20 . McDonnell, c Schultz, !-. W.G.Grace .. ..25 h. Barlow .. 23 Giffen, st. Pilling, --.! Steel :M i). Steel .. ..17 Gaiiett, l.b. w., b. W. G. Grace ? 4 b. Steel .. .. G Jones, b. W. G. Grace .. 4 1-. Barlow .. 2S Bonnor, b. Steel .. .. 0 b. W. H. Grace 6 SpofioYth, not out .. O c. Barlow, \\-. Steel -2 Palmer, b. W.G. Grace.. 0 c. Eotherham, b. Steel .. .. 5 3ovle, b. W. G. Grace .. 0 not out .. .. 0 ISye3,6;legbyc, 1.. 7 Total ? 75 240 Bowling Analysis. First Innings, Balls. Kuns. Mdns. Wkts. Steel ? SS 2S 10 4 Eotherhami .... 3-2 22 1 1 TV. G. Grace . . H3 27 4 5 Second Innings. Balls. Kuus. Mdns. Wkts. W. O. Grace .... 152 C7 is 1 Steel ? 23S yi 24 4 Eotherham ., ..104 4-2 12 1 Barlow .... 98 23 14 y Lucas . . ? . . . . 28 4 S 0 li. M. Grace .... 12 (» 1 0 London, June 2. The Surrey: Mitcii. The Australians made their first appearance on a metroplitan ground on Thursday, May 25, when thev met the Surrey eleven. Though ICennington Oval is spoken of as being in London, it is iu reality some miles from the city proper, being situated near the somewhat unsavory neighborhood of Vaushall, which is the nearest railway station to this famous cricket ground. Kennington Oval may be good, re garded from a batsman's standpoint, but its appear ance to the ordinary spectator is certainly disap point Vug. It has no ornaments in the shape of trees or shrubs, and is surrounded by dingy brick build ings, with three huge gasometers thrown in by way of variety. Most of thegrounds I have seen in this coun try are sadly deficient in the matter of ornamentation, presenting in most cases nothing more than the patch of green surrounded by a high wall. Considering that this vras the ground on which Murdoch made his famous score of 153 (not out) in the match Eng land against Australia in 1SS0, and as the Oral is a favorite spot with London cricketers, it was antici pated thas if the weather only held up there would be a large attendance when the Australians met Surrey, But there is no depending ou the weather in England. Derby Day was as tine as 'one could wish, and the evening seemed to promise a ' glorious to-morrow.' It was glorious, but uot for cricketing. All the morning the rain came down in torrents, and wiien the time arrived for begin ning the match everything -was damp aud uncomfortable. Cricket was out of the ijnestion, and the Australians, encased In ! ulsters, presented as miserable an appearance ? as one could well imagine. Hour after hour passed by and no sign of a start. However, about 3 o'clock the clouds lifted and the sun made his appearance — his first for the day. It was decided to begin tiie match, and in the presence of a faw hundred spec tators the Australians took the field, Murdoch as usual having lost the toss. Blackham having cauefct a severe cold was unable to take his part in the match. A. P. Lucas, the gentleman who scored so well in the match at Twickenham, mid Absl, were the first to appear for Surrey, Pahner and the ' demon' being the opposing bowler*. The batsmen seemed not to mind the bowling a bit, and hit oat merrily. .Spofforth, however, got on the blind side of Abel and sent him back to the pavilion. Oae 'wicket iiownforlS. Read, the succeeding ^batsman, and Lucas appearing to have got set. J':iluier was 'shunted'' in favor of Boyle, whose fir.st ball was ' quite too utter' for Lucas, and that gentleman retireil wiiJi 12 to his credit. 1 he Australians were uot surr^' to see him out of the road. 2.1. Head ha,vin-4 nu:le IS, ? the thud wicket fell with the .score at .'?;. W. '-V. Bead ami Slmter got together, and made a most -le- termiaed stand, the Ei- ectators, though not r.ums lous, makuig a great deal of noise, and ciieerins tvery hit, irrespective of whether it was deserving or not. When 100 had been totalled Kead was taken by McDonnell oft1 lloyls, and with 49 as his score he gave place to Lindsay, who made a '? duck.' Shcter fell next, and the telegraph-boani showed six for in. Roller and Jones bee. ming associated, another stand was made, and the total brought to 157. The eighth wicket fell for l'ji, and tho remaining men onlv in creased the score by C, the inning:? closing for' the very respectable scure of 170. The batting of the Surrey men on such .1 difficult wicket cannot be too ) liighly spoken of, and many of them showed that on j a good ury ground they would be hard to get rid of. ! The fielding and bowling of the colonials was iu-t j so-so. Bo-lc was the only b«\vler who seeine'il to i trouble the batsmen, and he certainly -lii -stick ' thtin up. Neither Pahner nor Spofforch Ciime off, j ami if the latter means to keep the name of j 'Deinou' lie wiil have to improve his howling - materially. I must not omit to mention j Palmer's tieldins: as being first-class, he having caught four men off lioyle. After a sliort interval the Australians commenced their innings, Garrett aud Jones iieing chosen as tlie pioneer?. The wicket was much cut uj-, :uifl tlia Surrey !io«riiug took seme playing. Stumps weve drawn r.t frilf-past C, the score being y, with no wickets down. Tlie match vas continued on Vriday, ami the weather having become fine at the hour of besinning many thousands had congregated to see the Australians l;at. It was soon evident that to reach the score of the Surrey nit 11 'our boys' would have to do their best. The wicket had got partly dry, causing the ljall to cut capers properly. When Murdoch was bowled by Jones the people- fairly bowled witii delight, which was repeated when McDonnell retired soon after, l-'he wickets for OS was not good enough, and when Massie was caught after adding only 3 the spectators looked quite pleasant. 11 iffen and Horan played carefully, the former making 11 uot out, ami the latter 20. With the score at 100 Boyle was liowled, and at twenty-five minutes past 3 all was over, Australia being 70 runs to the bad. The Aus tralians admitted on going in the second day tliat 170 on such a wicket would be a good performance, and weredoubtful about getting them. FiUlof heatt and hope the Surrey men commenced their second innings, Boyle and (iarrett attacking Disaster set in early, Lucas being caught by JSuyle off his own bowling. How lie managed tu ^et at tho ball is a lnystmy. In his effort to make ihe catch ho could not avoid falling, and when it was known that he liad the lall the crowd, though very onesided a^ a rule- could not help applauding-. One wicket — their best— for 0 had the effect of dainoing the spirits of Surrey supporters, and whentwo'had fallen for :- a gloom settled on them. With tho ex ception of M. Kead (17) and W. W. Read (10) none of the wen seemed to know anything about the bowling, and after an inglorious exhibition, lasting only seventy minutes, the innings closed fnv 4i- runs. The onlookers, who had been so full of applause when tbe Australians were going down before the Surrey bowling, seemed dumbfounded, and some went so far as to say that the 'foreigners' were only ' foxing' in the first innings. With 119 runs to £.tt lo win Murdoch, ami Bannerman went in on belialf of Australia. A roar from the people announced the downfall of Murdoch, and with the board reading one wicket for 0 Iic-ian joined tbe ' stonewaller.' Both played very uvutiously, aud every ruu was carefully noted. The Surrey captain changed his bowlers several times, and Lucas at last Rot rid of Banuer lEan, who had put together 23. McDonnell became Horan's partner, an-! together thesa 1-ztsmca:kei-t possession oftheir wickets up- to the ttuie.for draV ing.-the total' bem? 63. Seeing tint all interest wa-* out of the match only about 200 people pot in usi appearance on Saturday morning to see the fini^ii* However, the requisite runs weie uot .got without some difficulty. Horan and McDonnell both lost their wickets, and the task of wiping off the score devolved upon the new (blood, Massie and Giffen, who scon did the business, the former making: - 9 not out, a-nd tiie latter G not out. Surrey this lost by six wickets— not a disgraceful belting by any means, considering the strength of liisir opponents. Before closing I must make mention of the ungentlemanly conduct of many of the specta tors at the conclusion of the sesond' day's plav. Ax only 21 runs were then required to win most'o; tii« cnlcokers were in favor of the game being finished that night. Murdoch was quite agreeable, but left it with the not-out batsmen. £for?_n and HcDonaaU, who refused to play any luuerer than half-past 6, as tbe son was setting low, rendering the light bad. At this many who should have known better began jeering and hissing, and at one time a -.nrtee seemei iikely. Probably the ' licking' which appeared un avoidable had something to do with this oiit'i'irst of feeling nn the part of ssdi rey supjMjrter.s. The «d!1ow- iii™ aic t'le scores :— Sun.ii.EY. First Incinss. Seconrl Innings. Mr.A. P. Lucas, b. Boyle 12 c. aud l-. ?-ovle . o Abel b. Spotl'orth .. 11 c. SpofforiU, ij. Boyle s SI. Bead, c. Palmer b. Boyie .. .. .. is c. andb. Bav'i - .. 17 Mr. W. W. Eeaii, c. ?McPonneM, h. Boyle i'.i b. Garrett .. ..11 Mr. J. Shuter, c. l.'aJnicr, Ii. Boyle .. ..27 b. Garrett .. .. S Mr. W. Lindsay, c Boyle, 0 c. MeBjimell, b. b. Palmer * . . . . Jiovie . . . . I !-Ir. W. E. Roller, c. Paliner, b. I5o\ie .-. 2G b. Uarrett .. ..2 Jones, o. Palmer, b. 22 c. Spofforth, h. fiar Boyle ? rett ? « Dilile, c. Murdoch, b. t c. McDonnull, b. Boyle ? Gavrett .. .. 4 Pooley, c, Jones, i». (Iarrett ? 0 h Garrett .. .. 0 Bavratt, not out.. .. (1 not out .. ..6 Byes, ?! ; leg-byes, 2 . . i Bye, 1 : leg-aye, 1 2 1T0 1J Bowling Analysis. First Innings. Balls. Kuns. SH:is. Wkt*. Spofforth .. .. Sii «3 5 1 Palmer ? ad 50 c. i lioyle ? Hi l-i is 7 O'airett ? 17 1 i L Second Innings. Boyle ? 73 l» 12 t (.iarrett.. „ „ 72 SO 10 a AUSTRALIAN-:. First Innings. Second Iauiugs. T. W. Garrett, b. Barratt . . 0 s. P. Jones, c. Holler, b. Barratt . . . . 13 W. Ij. Murdoch, b. Jones . . 23 J-. Jon«i . . 0 A. C. Bannerman, run out. . * b. l^ucas . . ii T. Horan, c. IJarratt, b. Jones . . . . . . -20 b. Jones . . 3S P. S McDonnell, h. Jones i b. iSarratt- . . 35 U. n. Massif, c. Lindsay, 1-. f'rsn'.tt . . . . 3 not out . . 9 (.?. ',: j.vji, not -out. . .. 11 not oat ,. a U. ii. Palmer, c. Shuter, b. Barratt , . . . 0 I7. R. Spofforth, b. Jones . . 5 H. K. liovle, b. .Jones . . 1 Byes, 0 ; leg-byes, -', .. 11 Ures .. S 100 113 ' Bowling Analysis. Balls. Hyns. Mdns. Wicts. Jones .. .. 201 yi S7 5 Barratt .. .. ]S-) 53 2} 4. Lucas .. ..29 Ti 3 U Second Iunines. Jones .. .. 112 ill 20 2 Barratt .. .. 91 45 « i Lncas .. 2S S5 0 1 Roller .. .. 1« 7 2 o r.ibie .. ..20 5 3 0 W. W. Bead .... 4 0 1 v The Cambridge Match. Leaving their quarters at the Tavistock Hot-jl the Australians on Sunday evening journeyed to Caui bridge. As tbis was the first appearance of au Aus tralian Eleven on a Cambridge ground not a little interest was felt in the visit of the antipo^eaus, and 'the news quickly spread that the ' foreigners' had ? arrived and were lixaicd at the Lion Hotel. Fe'.r if any of the team !iad iieen in Cambridge before, coa sequeutry their spars time was employed in ' doing* the sights. Cambridge, like Oxford, without {is colleges would be what many term it at present— a 'deail and alive' place. .'Situated on flat, liw lying country, its appearance is by co means imposing, and when the traveller wends hi.s way along the narrow crooked streets he perhaps Uiay be inclined to think tUit the town dues not improve upon acquaintance. Tliu celebrated seat of learning is not nearly so anti quated-lookiug as its great rival, Oxford, anil most 01 its colleges are real'y handsome structures. (Jx'oid, on the other hand, is admired for the antiquity ci its building, and they certainly do look old. The surroundings of Cambridge please the stranger better, than does the tov.ii, and perhaps it would, be difficult to find a more beautiful walk than that along tho banks of the river Cam, which are fringeil with uoble trees, v.-hile numbers of pleasure boats glide up and down the river. As a boithuj jviace the Cam does not afford the advantages th.ic are enjoyed by the Adelaide public on tlie Tori-ens Lake, »emg very narrow; indeed I Lave seen canals as wide. As I remarked aliove, the „ colleses are tte principal buildings. There are, 1 ! relieve, ninetetri— all very large and roomy. Of course, going into a collegiate town one exinscts tu tee nointjers of what are termed 'raortar- SjoaHs' in the colonies. One thing struck me on geltiuj iuto tlie business part of Cambridge, and that wax tbe number of tailors and robe-makers. Tney ari almost as numerous as the public-honses, anil llia.t is saying a good_ deaL TUe Australians were con ducted over many of the colleges and through the beautiful grounds adjoining, auil on Tuesday even ing dined with the Cambridge Eleven in the hall of St. Peter's College, the vice-chancellor of ths university presiding. The party enjoyed a pleisuit evening, and as the game had rea*hedan interesting stagethat day, the party broke up at an eirly hoar. It was anticipated tL;:t the attendance at the mite!: would be good ou account of the Whitsuntide holi days. Here people make this season a general holi day, and ''lay themselves out* for csjoyinsnt. There were excursions to Cambridge by rail, au-i a* the weather was simply beautiful aoout mid-day the streets were jireity well crowded. When the Aus tralians drove to the ground, which is no distance from the heart of the town, some thousands of people had congregated eager to catch a glimpse of the men who had been doing such great things iu the cricket field. The bell rang to clear ihe ground, ami the crowd good-naturedly went outside the chains and patiently waited for the appearance of the teams. The Cambridge men werefirstseen,and it than became evident that the Australian captain had won the tots, anu this opinion was con armed wheu llassie and Baimennnii in all the glory of their jiew and gaudy colors left the pavilion. Public opinion at the commencement 01 the game was that the Australians wonld stay at the wickets all day, ami. when' the pioneers began to hit out freely sucli a result Aid uot seem improbable. However, tins esi-i. .was nearer than anybody imagined, for when the score had reached 47 Massie was caught, and tlie niJiltitude fairly howled as the hero 01 the Osforil match retired with the moderate score of ST. Iai mense cheering a imoum:ed the arrival of Murdoch, and people thonght they would now sea aoma batting, sotheydid, but not on the part of the captain. for after making 1 he was caught at the wickets. With two stood vrickets down for 4S, CiinVirhljje/d chance looked rosy enough. It would ba mere'- a, waste of space to go into ihe details of tho hining.-=, .suffice it to say that at 3 o'clock the team v/ew ;iH out fur 150. a miserable enough score on such a-iras wii-ket. M'one of tte batsmen ;*eeuieil to bs able t» .set the 'hang' of the bowling, Baunernian and Massie aUne excepted. The 'stonewaller' de serves great credit forths plucky a.n'1 caref nl manner 111 which he playeU. Mas.sieV* hittin.u was at times uiiliiant, but not 10 be compared with his esj-I«io at Osturii, or even at Brighton. The Ciuibii-lge bowling was really good, and ou a bitsinan's wiuiec Messrs. iitntld and Haiastry are to ]-a eongratiHtjd \- 11 tlieir performances. 'J'he fielding of the team, ten, was smart, though their returning migiic have been improved. At twenty-five mmutafi past 3 J'alnier and (jarrett started to try and ge; their opponents out lor ius^ than IS!). When tuti first wicket fell fur 17, and a £Oo:l out- at thit, t!i« ??bailees of the Australian!) looked healthy enough. However, the batsmen seemed not to miad their opponents' bowling much, and now and then cimsj down 0Ji it. Wheii the fourth wicket t'eil the score stood at t9, am! at the time of drawing the total of the Auitralia.il-' had boen passed and 4S r;uis put ou t the good, C. T. Studd being not out 85. On refiuning on Tuesday the score wns increased to ti07, when StiuM !oct his partner, l&ther;, why !i±-« made -H in .1 correct mami'r. The sixth wickvt fell for il2. find soon after Studd was vausiit at tie vicietl'j' Murdoch, liehadniade'ibin^ooiistyle, ? ;ut v.-Uh some luck. It was his iirst aupeaixiii^e against an Australian team, an I he cartiiuljr nlay be proud o£ his performance. After he ii-.d been got rid 01 the remainder did not cause mucit trouble, aud half-past 1 saw them ail oat r\ir 23d. This was a cheerful prospect for tho .La-jf.aiLi;:.-. -S\i time W;ts lost, and Massie ;;n.l i-;iimc-:aan aitdia lad. ' elf. The Cambridge bowlius va.-- :s-.-S to !-o tri!Is:l with, undMasae alter .waking -0 wis 'j'.vleil. Mur doch, IJsmnerman. and .McDonnell only brought tae total up to 7:2, and a»i-eara«icss favovid tlie opinion that the visitors would beat tlicin in one innings. However, one never can tell uutil tho ni'.mUora go up. llcian and (iiiten buusunepaitecrs, &o-l; deSail the best efforts of the Cambridge iiov.ierrt to dislodge Hum, -.:ifitn in particular playhis stylish t-.ietec. After puiting 01s ever Si- 11ms betwesa them liorai* tiRs bowled fur 51. Huns were1 nsver mura wanted tban wben these m-^ii got together, ami the ' evorgiw'i Tommy' v.-ould be perfectlyjustiSeii in £haKiii£ hands with himself nn the strength of; liis batting. Joius took Uorau's plaueat the wicket, made 1. and then was given out l.)j.w. Palmer joined O'ili'en, who was playing grandly, and another lengthy stand was ncade. Together they played out tiuiej the score tht'ii standing at 212. on the game being resumed 011 WaJiusdayiu fine weather, aud in the presence of numerous onlookers, 22:J hail been totalled when Palmer received his quietus. Seven for 2-23, Palmer's contribution being U5. Duly two more runs had been made when (Jiffeu *)-oo!iei£ a ball and «as caught. He had made 59 by the finest: display uf cricket of auy member of the team, aud on returning to the pavilion yeoeiveit quite ail ovation. Boyle, t iarrett, and Spofi'orth in creased the total by nearly 70, the first-na.uie:£ carrying out his bat for :-9. It was gratifying to se-* lioyle piayin^ in something of his old form, as lie had been very unfortunate in previous matches. The innings closed for 231, thus leafing the 'Varsity team ICS runs to win. When the Australians toolc the field the opinion was pretty general that the Cambridee men would not make the required runs. Pahner and Uarrett began the bowling, but 'after lunch the latter was unable to take the field on account of illness, and Bonnor fielded for him. The excitement was becoming intense as ttns were slovly but surely being piled on, but when the hundred was reached, and no wicket down,thelighc biue supporters were a eryneailyfrantic. Atthisstaxe „ of the aaiue an idea struck Murdoch that he woalil try Giti'en with the ball, anil accordingly lie went 011\. He immediately cornered the batsmen, anil soon effected a separation. However, it was.. toi» late now : and after losing four wickets, three o£ thcuifallinutoOift'en, the University teamamidst the ?wildest/ excitement were tta first to haul down thu colors of the third Australian Eleven which has visited England.- The Australians missed BlacUiaai very niKclit lie w as still unwell, havinEC got a severe cold at Brighton, it seemed unfortunate that Uiffen. was not put on earlier. Had he bowled at the begin iii«- of tli« second innings of Cambridge it is hud ti» s-ay how the game would have gone. If the Austra lians had not won the defeat would not have been su decisive. Appended are the scores : — AVSZHALIASS. First Innings. Second Innings. Bannerman, b. Kamsay 50 c. Barker, Ramsay it Massie, c Paravicini, b. C. T. Studd . . . . 37 b. C. T. Studil „ 20 Murdoch, c. Wright, b. Banisay.. .. -. 1 b. Ramsay .. .. IS Brran, c Wright, b. b. Kamsay .. .. s b. Kamsay .. .. 51 UeDomen, c Watson, \ b.Bamsay .. .. 4 b. C.T. Stndd .. 4 1 (Giffen, c. jT. B. Stndd, fc. C. 51. Stodd .. S c «6b.C.T. Stndd.. 69 ; Jones, e. Spencer, b. e. j 5.Stnda .. .. 7 Lb.w.,b. Bamsay.. 1 ? «axrett, c Wright, b G. 1 T. Stndd .. .. 0 c.Barker.b.Bamsaj 16 ' Palmer, not ont.. .. 12 e. C. T. Skidd, 'o. Ramsay .. „ 35 Spoffeiib, c Itel&vkmr;, b.Bamsay .. ..0 stWright,b.Bamsay 10 Boyle, c. Majnard, b. C. ?.Sswld ? 14 aoteut .. .. 89 Bye, 1 ; leg-bye, 1 ; no- Byes, 11: kg baUl, ? 3 byes, 3 _ .. 14 Total. . .. . ..139 Total .. ..291 Bowling Analysis. First innings. Balls, JSuns. Mdna. Wits. C. T. Staid .. .. 342 64 14 5 Bamsay ,. .. ., 152 el 15 6 Watson ? 8 6 i 0 Spencer ? 20 11 1 O Jlamsay bowled a no-ball. Second Innings. CT. SfcnSd .. ..Tit 106 33 3 Bamsay ? 284-118 23 7 Watson „ .. „ 24 25 1 O Spencer ? 20 12 1 0 JtaaTicini .... 32 16 1 0 CAMBRIDGE UN1VEBSITT. - First Innings. Second Innings «. B. Stndd, b. Spotfortb . . 42 c Jones, to Giffen .. 48 J.Stodd.b. Garret .. fi b. Giffen .. C6 aiaynard, c. Massie, b. c.Spofforth,b. J-alnier . . . . 6 Palmer . . 6 Wright, Ut.xr., b. Palmer . . 8 C T- Stndd, c- Murdoch, to. Palmer '.. ..113 notont .. 17 Barker, b. Spofforth . . 24 not out . . 15 Spencer, b. 1'alnier . . 0 Senery, b. Boyle . . . . 21 b. Giffen . . 6 3-aravicini, b. Palnjjr . . 0 Jtameay, notont .. ..9 Watson, b Palmer. . 1 JByes, 26; leg-byes, 5 .. SI Byes,7;leg byes, 3 . . 10 Total ? 266 Total . . 168 Bowling Analysis, first Innings. Balls. Knns. Mdns. Wkts. Yabjccr ? 217 C5 30 6 Carrett ? 170 74 13 1 Spe&orUi; .. ..130 49 11- 2 .Beyle ? £0 22 4 1 eitfen ? 48 23 3 0 Jones ? 4 2 0 0 Second Innings. 3-alxner ? 136 Vft 10 1 Garrett ? 18 u 1 C SpoffortU .. CS 23 8 0 Sovle ? 4S 24 4 0 Cfiil'en ? 90 29 11 3 The Lancashire Match. IFioni the London Standard of June 2.] An enormous crowd of spectators witnessed the «onunenuejnenC of the maich between Lancashire and the Australians yesterday, at Old Trafford Cironnd, Manchester. The Australians, who bad liad a long journey from Cambridge, won the toss, and Trent in en a perfect wicket. The batting at the commencement of the innings was extremely good, and while Murdoch and Blackbam were together it seemed likely that the Australian total -would reach SCO. After they -were out, bow ever, the innings soon came to a close, the last fonr crickets only adding 35 runs. The Lancashire field ing was brilliant, Barlow at point being con spicncutly good. In the honr that Lancashire had ?to bat two of their best wickets fell. Ths captain of *he home team was very unfortunate, playing the kail on to Ms foot, and then on to bis wicket.. Of course the feature of the day was the batting of Murdoch. Details are appended. Play commenced at five minutes past 12, the Australians being first ^presented by Bannerman and Massie, while Sir. A. G. .Steel and Grassland shared the Lancashire feowling. The scoring at first was very fast, Massie liittacg the amateur for 3 fours. Tnis caased jMr. Sicel to -give way to Barlow at 33, stcd at 46 Watson -went on for Grassland. JHassie continued to bit most brilliantly, till at GS he ?was bowled for 47, in which were C fours, 2 -threes, 4 twos, and singles. Murdoch came in, and drove Watson to the off for 4. At 1 o'clock, or Sifty-fife minutes from the start, the total -was 72, hot after this the play was much slower. Boyle at coverpoint was fielding splendidly. Bannerman drove Watson for 4 and cnt Barlow for 3. The 100 -went np at 1.35 amid cheers, and 3 runs later Cross land took AVatson's place. In the new bowler's first over Bannerman was out J.b.w for a capital 39. JBoraneameiu, and Mr. Steel and Watson resumed bowling. Horan hit the latter to. leg for 4, and Mnr -toch cut the former for a similar number. At the luncheon interval the total was 125 for two wickets, 3fltmloel) being not out 20, and Horan not out 13. After lunch, with the addition of onlvthreeruns, Mr. Steel bowled Horan, and at 141 McDonnell was caught at point from a skyer. Soon afterwards Ciftea was out leg before wicket, and five of the Aus tralian wickets bad fallen. Just at this time the fowling and fielding were very fine, and Murdoch -was batting with extreme care. Blackham came in, and the score rose slowly. Watson went on for Ciofsland at 161, and BlauKliam hit each bowler for 3\. Murdoch gave Watson a very hard chance of ' c. and to,' ivhicfi was not accepted, and then, as 110 ?wiefcet was obtained, Barlow took the ball from Mr. Steel at 3S0. Still no parting tras efiesied, so 3Brig gs was tried for Watson, and Mr. Steel went on again insttau of Barlow. The 200 went np at ^.£0, and at 213 Watson resnmed bowling in ji)aee of Briggs. With 11 runs added Murdoch was 7 «ui£htat -nictet off Mr. Steel's bowling— six for 224\. The Australian captain bad played superb »;rk kct. Included in his innings of 60 were C fours, 2 threes, and 9 twos. Bonnor went in, but soon lost JBlackbam, tvbo was bowled for a well-played and 3nost vaJnable iiir.inps of 32. Palmer was bowled aftei making asingle— eight wickets being down for 232\. Bonnor ana Bnvle put on 21 runs, and then the latter was dismissed by a most brilliant catch at point. Another good catch in the same position got rid of Spoffcrth, and the innings closed for 259. Stonnor. who up to yesterday had only taken part in «ine match since the team came to England, carried «ut. Lis but for 21. AUSTBJiLIiJiS. First Innings. Bowling Analysis. Overs. Mdns. Kuns. Wkts. tHr. A. G. Steel .. 40 3S 96 5 ClOKsIaTjd .. ..33 15 39 4 JBariow ? 37 21 38 1 Watson ? 37 18 52 O Brings.. .. ..6 1 17 0 tor- Hornby anil Barlow opened Lancashire's inning's to tLe bowling of Spotforth and Palmer. ?J'he amateur l)tgan well, hitting Palmer twice for 4, £Ed diixing SjjoffoTtU for the same number. He bad made 24 out uf 33, -when be »nicckily 1'Iaved a ball on to his wicket. This -was very unfortunate for Lancashire, and a second mirfortime was in store forthe countv. iVfth the total at 38 Mr. A. U. Steel, who had not made a 3un. was caught at the wicket. Barlow and Sir. V. i}. Steel played out time, Lancashire being wcw 2-S runs btiiiad, vita eight wickets to fall. Ecore: — AUSTSS.LUNS. A. C. Barnprman, 1 h.v , b. Cropland .. ..39 ii. II. -lassie, ii. iarlnw ? 47 W. L. Mnrciocb, c. Piliitig, b. A. G. Steel.. .. 65 T. Uoian, b. A.O. Steel .. .. ?? ..10 P. S.WcI-onnel3, c. Barlow, b. Crossland.. .. o O. Giffen, I-b.-ft., b. A. G. Steel ? 5 3.M. C. Blackhara, b. A. C Steel ? 32 -?. .7.' Bcnnor, not ont ? _ 21 ti. 15. Palmer, b. Grassland ? 1 H. F. Boyle, c. Barlow, b. Oossland .. ^.7 Y. E. Spt-fiortb, c. Barlow, b. A. u. Steel _ 5 £vcs, 10 ; If g byes, 7 .. .. „ ..17 259 LANCASHIRE. 3Ir. A. ?f- Hornby, b. Pahner .. „ «. 24 Ssurlow, not out .. ? .. ' 14 15 r. A. G. Steel, c. Blackham, b. Spofforth .. 0 35r. 1). q. Sieel, not out ? '11 Byt-K, 4 ; leg byes, 1 ? 5 54 