EDUCATION AOT> PUNCH AND JUDY. 1 1 Iff isn't only peepsbows, but every other sort of show that it's nat'ral tor juveniles to 'take delight in that edjication has knocked on the head. You'd hardly think it would make a difference to Punch and Judys, but it has—specially tbe superior sort of Punch. It wouldn't have seemed so' surprising if it hadt tfell foul of the wulgsr sort- of Punob, bnt when it Bticks itself up against what you {nay call the elewated and refined Punch, it only shows what a cock-o'-tbe-walk sort of tiling education is. There's a friend of mine •whom his time has made as much money biithis little iheayter as many of the managers, have made out of their big'imp, He's lost it all, though, poor fellow, and is at this moment in Oamberwell Workus. But jt^t . ain'4 ta the pint. My friend was tbe feist thatgotupa bookof the play—of the play of Punch, ! mean—for tbe use of the "•to jperfwn to at icbopl treats and private parties. It was a new: ides, and it went down well. Threepence each he used to Bell the acting edition for, and sometimes be'd sell fifty before tbe performance began. Well, he was sent for one time to plav at school breaking up at an establishment for young gentlemen at Peckbam. H'd been there a year or two before, and so the chap that kept it be knew Jingler's ways, and when he wrote to engage him for the next week be aBked bim to send beforehand a book of the play, as he wjsbed, in the hinterests of morality, to •nabe.a few slight alterations in the working before it waB acted at his place. Well, Jingler wasn't the man to offend a customer that paid well, and so he sent on a copy, thinking as bow it wouldn't make much difference to tbe performance. Fact, be thought they meant to tone down tbe devil a bit, and went prepared for it by making a 'spectable sort of a devil without any tail and no horns to speak of out of an old 'un he had by him. But, bless your heart alive, sir, edjication wasn't going to let Jingler off as easy as tbat ' When you've had your lunch, Mr. Jingler. we'll go over the book I've corrected, aud you will arrange the performance according,' says tbe schoolmaster. But, crikey! talk aboat corrections ;" and the peepsbow man chuckled till he had a fit of coughing at the recolleotion ofit. "If I was to live to be as old as Methusalem, I should never forget Jingler's face when he came to me and told me about it. You know what the plot of Punoh is p'raps. The opening soene is Punoh and Judy and their baby, and they quarrel who shall have it, and Punch sits on it and smothers it. Then they fight, aud he kills Jndy, and her ghoet haunts him, and the beadle comes to arrest him, and Punch kills him, and then Jack Kttsb oomes with his gallows, a>id Punoh bamboozles him and gets him to put his own head in the noose, and so he does for him, and at )a»t comes old Nick to csrry him away for bis sins, but Punoh and Toby taokle bim together, and they get the best of it. But Mr. Schoolmaster had recast tbe whole business. The baby wasn't to be killed at all. but when Punob aud bis wife are scuffling for it a stranger steps in and snatches it away, and adopts it as his own. Instead of Punch wbaoking Jndy with his stick and killing her, she was to gradually pine away for tbe loss of her child, and die a nat'ral death; and Punch, he was to take a drink to console himself, and while in a slate of intoxication to get into trouble and have a row with a beadle, who collars him off to tbe station- house. While he is looked up in the cell there was to appear to him, not the reg'lar ghost, but bis wife Judy, in angel form, persuading him to reform his ways, to the soft music of the Pandean pipes. But be don't reform, and goes on from bad to wuss, and is just agoing to be bungi when the stranger who oarried off the baby makes hiB appearauoe again, with a reprieve in one hand and the young 'uu in the other, and Toby reckonises the young 'un, and Punoh goes on his knees and thanks the stranger, and swears to lead a wirtuous life ever after j and Toby barks and dances round 'em, and down oomes the curtain. ' I think,' says the schoolmaster to Jingler, 'if you'll make these few alterations it will meet the requirements of the esse, and the performance, instead of being an exhi. bition of brutal buffoonery, will teach a moral lesson, and show the wrongfulness of quarrelling and fighting, while at the same time it will warn the youthful mind againBt the sin and folly of drunkenness.' Jingler tbongbt be was chiiffiog bim, but finding tbat he was serious, and that he meant it when he said be would have a moral Punch or none at all, he made tbe be<t of it by excusing himself for a day or two while he got bis characters well up in their new parts, drawing in advance the guinea he was to have for the performance. And, as be never found his way back to Peckham again, he wasn't much out o' pocket by the job. He made a joke of it at the time, and didn't dream it was a foreshaddering of what wsb a coming. It turned out so, however. I don't say that everybody tried to come it over him so owdacious as that schoolmaster, but oi:e at a time all bis old customers fell a way from bim. Edjication, they said,.had opened the eyes of the rising generation, and they required something less coarse and wulgar than Punch and Judy, and so Jingler haB retired to Oamberwbll workus Camberwell isn't my parish," continued the old peep-show man, with a melancholy shake of his head, as, with liis box on hiB back, I bade bfm good-day. " I wish it was, it'll be my turn to go to the workus soon, and it would have been company to have had old Jingle to talk over old times with."—Telegraph. ? ? 