"HAMLET" IN ENDLESS. MAZE EDWARDS, manager for Edwin Booth, thus describes their appearance at Waterbury, Conn., last winter, when the troupe played without their costumes : " When I found the baggage with the cos-, tumes had not arrived, I was just going to throw myself into the river, when I thought I would go and tell Mr. Booth about it, and bid good-bye to some of the people who had always thought a deal of me, before killing myself. To my astonishment, Mr. Booth took it as cool as you would take an invitation to drink. He said, inasmuch as the people were in the hall, he would make a few remarks to them about the accident, and then they would go on and play three acts of "Hamlet," in the clothes they had on. And so it was fixed up that way. Well, the thought of Hamlet in a short tailed coat and light pants almost made me sick, and when Mr. Booth came on the stage, looking like an Episcopal minister, with 1 Knight Templar's cheese knife that he had borrowed, I couldn't think of anything but Hamlet. I forgot all about his clothes, and I believe if he had only had on a red flannel fireman's shirt the people would only have seen Hamlet. I tell you he is the greatest actor that ever lived. The people sat perfectly still, and seemed wrapped up in Booth. That is, they were when they did not look at the other fellows. But when they took in Laertes, with a short ham-fat coat on, lah-de-dah pants, and a pancake hat, it seemed to me I could hear them smile And the King, Hamlet's stepfather, he was a sight. Imagine a king with a cutaway checkered coat, a Pullman car blanket thrown over his shoulder for a robe, and a leg of a chair for a sceptre, marched on with a queen with a travelling dress and gray woollen basque with buttons on it. And think of Polonius with a linen duster and a straw hat with a blue ribbon on. Oh, it made me tired. Ophelia was all right enough. She had on some crazy clothes that she had been travelling in, and we got some straw out of a barn and some artificial flowers out of the bodies, and she pulled through pretty well. But the Ghost! You would have died to see the Ghost. He had one of those long hand-me-down ulster overcoats with a buckle in the back as big as a curry-comb, and the belt was hang- ing down on both sides. The boys got him a green mosquito bar to put over it, and, with the stuffed club for a sceptre, he fell over a chair and then came on. I should have laughed if I had been on my death-bed when he said to Hamlet, I am thy father's ghost." He looked more like a drummer for a wholesale confectionery house, with a sort of tin skinner on his head, and I believe the audience would have gone wild with laughter if it had not been for Mr. Booth. I don't believe you could get him to laugh on a stage for a million dollars. He just looked at the ghost as though it was a genuine one, and the audience looked at Booth, and forgot all about the issuer and the ghost's pants being"; rolled up at the bottom. It was probably the greatest triumph that an actor ever had for Mr. Booth to compel the vast audience to forget the ludicrous surroundings and think only of the character he was pou stray ing. I wouldn't have missed the night's performance for a thousand dollars, and when, it 10 o'clock, I heard the boys getting the trunks upstairs I was almost sorry. The last two acts were played with the costumes, but they were no better performed than the first. Still, I think, on the whole, I had rather the baggage would be there. It makes a manager feel better." 