? A tea and public meeting for the purpose of welcoming the Rev. E. Moore to- the pastorate of the Brighton Road Congregational Church, Brisbane, was held on the last Wednesday in September. At the "last meeting of the Brisbane Presbytery, two young men were welcomed from the old country, one being Mr. Smith, who has completed his studies preparatory to the work of the ministry ; and the other, Mr. McDougall, who intends to complete his training in the Divinity Hall of that city, with the same object in view. During the last week in September, special meetings were held in connection with the Primitive Methodist Churches in Brisbane, for the purpose of offering a welcome to three voung ministers, the Revs. C. Cox, J. Castlehowe, and J. Peart, who have been sent out from the Home Conference to take stations under the direction of the Queensland district. On the Sabbath that Mr. Joseph Cook was in Brisbane he delivered a fifteen minutes' address in connection with the evening service in the Theatre. Mr. Cook expressed his surprise that there was no Young Men's Association in Brisbane, but was glad to learn that one was about to be established, as well as a Young Women's Association. The collection taken at the Theatre services for the day amounted to £17 7s. 6d., which will enable the committee to clear off the debt owing for these services. The Blue Ribbon movement has spread so rapidly in Brisbane that the Temperance Hall has been found far too small to accommodate the large concourse of people who assemble every Saturday evening for the usual weekly meetings, and the committee have taken the Protestant Hall to hold their meetings in in future. At a public meeting held in connection with the movement on Saturday evening, the 23rd ult., the Rev. Jos. Cook gave a short address. On Tuesday, the 3rd inst., the young ladies of the Wesleyan Church, Ararat, Vic., gave a tea, in return for one given a short time ago by the bachelors, and a very pleasant evening was spent. The Revs. Messrs. Frazer, Hurst, and Duncan are expected to arrive in New Zealand, from England, in November, having been appointed-to the Presbyterian Church of Otago and Southland. The Baptists of Sydenham, N.Z.. having recently erected a new church, opening services were conducted there last month. The church and land have cost £700, of which sum £70 has been paid, leaving a debt of £030. The anniversary of the Primitive Methodist Church, Thames, N.Z., realised £20, which it is proposed shall be spent on renovations. The ministry of the Wesleyan Church in New Zealand has lately received three additions from the Home Country. One of them (Rev. Mr. Gibson) will be a colleague of the Rev. J. Berry, at Dunedin. Mr. Gibson is to have charge of the new Wesleyan Church at Cargill-road, South Dunediu. Mr. D. Wright commenced a " Mission week" in Winton Presbyterian Church (the Rev. Mr. Baird's) on the 20th ult. After concluding there, he goes to Christchurch, from which place he has received several invitations. The design by Mr. T. Roberts of the monument to commemorate the bravery displayed atTimaruin connection with the recent shipwrecks, has been accepted by the Relief Fund Committee. The monument takes the shape of an obelisk of polished red Aberdeen granite, standing on a pedestal of polished gray dolorite. Brass plates will be let into the sides of the pedestal, and will be inscribed with the names of those who lost their lives on the 14th of May, while so gallantly endeavoring to save others. Over 1,000 adults and children assembled in the West Melbourne Baptist Church on Sunday, September 24, the occasion being a special children's service in celebration of the twenty-second anniversary of the Sunday-school attached to the church. This is the largest school in the colony connected -with the Baptist denomination. It started with twelve scholars, and the number on the roll now is 500, consisting of ninety senior pupils, 310 in the elementary classes, and 100 in the infants' classes. The average attendance is 360. The Quarterly Meeting of the Young Men's Sabbath Morning Fellowship Union was held in the Glebe Presbyterian Church, Sydney, on the 1st inst., when the specific subjects for prayer were—1st. Personal devotedness to the Lord. 2nd. The ingathering of young men into Christ's Kingdom. 3rd. Our pastors — That they may be baptised with the Holy Ghost. Subject of lesson, Matt, iii. 8—18th verses. " A great revival of God's people many years ago, and how it came about." A very successful celebration of the second anniversary of the pastorate of the Rev. Geo. Grimm, in connection with St. Paul's Presbyterian Church, Balmain West, N.S.W., took place the end of last month. The pastor's report showed that the Sabbath services had been better attended, considerable additions had been made to the communion roll, and that the total income had exceeded £700. The Rev. Dr. Steel lectured at Burwood, N.S.W., on Jerusalem, and the Holy Land," the proceeds being devoted to the land fund of the Presbyterian Church. Miss Bain, the daughter of the pastor of Hunter-street Presbyterian Church, Newcastle, was presented with an address and purse of sovereigns at the annual congregational meeting of the church, on the 25th ult. The Sustentation Committee of the Presbyterian Church, N.S.W., has found itself again in a position to declare a dividend at the rate of £300 per annum out of the natural revenue of the fund, with a balance on the right side. In 1871 the Protestant denominations were, in Victoria, 70 per cent, of the population, and G7£ in New South Wales, whereas in 1881 the percentage was 71# and 68f. The Roman Catholics have thus declined during the decade by 1$ per cent, in New South Wales, and increased by £ per cent, in Victoria. The Church of England just held her ground in New South Wales, and made a trifling advance in Victoria. In both colonies the Presbyterians retrograded slightly, and the Methodists gained slightly. The Episcopal Churches are much stronger in New South Wales than in Victoria. Together they make 73 per cent, in New South Wales, whereas in Victoria they are only 58J. In New South Wales, the Baptists, Wesleyans, and Congregationalists made the most progress from 1871 to 1881. Rev. Mr. Spence (Congregationalist) has resigned Marrickville, N.S.W., on account of ill health. At a public meeting a suitable address was presented to Mr. and Mrs, Spence. Sundaj', 15th inst., was observed in Sydney as a day for prayer for Sunday-schools. £160 has been promised towards a debt of £2,150 on the Wesleyan Church property at Ashfield, N.S.W. The Roman Catholics of Victoria raised £200,000 for the maintenance of schools in seven years. A Church of England Congress will be held in Melbourne on the 14th of Nov., to consider the relation of the Anglican Church to other Protestant Churches, and to unbelief, the aborigines and Chinese, and Polynesians, to temperance, Sunday observance, the Education Act, amusements, etc. _ . It was agreed at a'fpublic meeting, held in Bornbald, N.S. W., that to sustain the local branch of the Bible Society, and to promote harmony among the churches, a lecture be delivered quarterly by clergymen and others. The first of such lectures was delivered by the Rev. Mr. Gardner, Presbyterian minister, on " The Marks of Design in the Universe." The attendance was large. The Rev. Ed. Walker, who left New Zealand for England early this year, was authorised by the Congregational Union and Mission of South New Zealand, to appeal to the liberality of the Home Churches, by which, if possible, a sum of £15,000, for church extension in the colony could be realised. Mr. Walker having arrived in London, received a commendatory resolution from the Committee of the Colonial Missionary Society, together with a donation of £500 from the funds of the Society for this object. A small Church of ^England Mission Chapel, built in a needy part of Phillipstown, Christchurch, N.Z., has proved too small for the congregation. A new church is projected, capable of accomodating 500 persons, and to cost £2,000. The Diocesan Synod have so thoroughly appreciated the needs of the district and the work of the curate that they have voted £500 towards the church. Mr. J. Millar Smith has been appointed general secretary to the Dunedin Y.M.C.A. for twelve months. A vote of £f>0 has been passed for replenishing the library of the Association, and £15 for the improvement of the gymnasium. "The Y.M.C.A. Opera House Service in Sydney for nonchurchgoers was conducted by Mr. Shear?ton, Seamen's Missionary, and Lieutenant Lawrie, of H.M.S, Espiegle, on Oct. 1. Rev. A. B. Camm has accepted the pastorate of the Unitarian Church, Sydney. Rev. Joseph Cook preached on Sunday evening, Oct. 1, in Pitt-street Congregational Church, Sydney, being his last public appearance in Australasia, fie left on the following Thursday for Frisco. The Primitive Methodist Church at the Bluff, N.Z., with its services alternately conducted by stray ministers of Primitive Methodism and Church of England laymen, has the local reputation of being the most Southern ecclesiastical establishment in the world, and were it not for the existence of the little Scotch colony at Stanley, in the Falkland Islands, to the east of Cape Horn, this would undoubtedly be correct. From a Primitive Methodist point of view, the claim is probably well founded. For a long time past Mr. T. Perkins has conducted frequent services at the Bluff, and that these voluntary services were appreciated was shown recently by the congregation presenting him with an illuminated address. We now learn that the Rev. Mr. Boothroyd, a Primitive Methodist minister, arrived at the Bluff last week, per s.s. Ringarooma, from Melbourne, to take charge of the Bluff and surrounding district. He will take up bis residence in Campbell- town.— S outhland Time.*. 