Open Column. CATHOLICS AND THE BIBLE. TO THE EDITOR. Sir—In your Open Column of last week's issue a letter, with the above heading, appealed from a Protestant correspondent. Two letters relative to the address of Dr. Reynolds, the Roman Catholic Bishop, on education, which you had published the previous week, supplied your correspondent with data, according to his reading; of them, for his mischevious, acrimonious, irreleveut, and incorrect statements. He begins by pratuitously stating that " Dr. Reynolds' address seemed to have confirmed some of the {Jatlifilics in this district in their anti~ patfvg to Protestants, and made them discontented with the freedom they now enjoy in regard to religious matters." I say these are gratuitous statements, totally unwarranted by the -matter contained in the two letters he refers to, untruthful in fact, but well-calculated to create a feeling of antipathy between Catholics and other denominationsof this district, which antipathy, as far as I know, does not now exist, and therefore could not be confirmed. The Bishop's address and the letters from " J.B. L."and "A Catholic" referred to the grievance which Catholis in the colony are laboring under in consequence- of the present Education Act, and the attempt to have the Protestant Bible, with notes or explanations, or without them; introduced into the State Schools, and thus forced. on those who have a conscientious objection to its being used as a school book, and to its beinsj explained by teachers who raav -be infidels, atheists, or anything else. Such is the freedom which yonr correspondent states we Catholics enjoy. Would persons of other denominations consider themselves enjoying freedom in these matters if they were obliged to send their children to schools where the system of teaching was conducted on principles which tiiey did not and could not approve of, or where their children would be obliged to read the Catholic Bible and receive explanations according to Roman Catholic teaching ? Furthermore, if Protestants and those who class themselves under that head, wished not, and were determined not tosnbmit tosuch state of things, would they doem it freedom and justice to be obliged to contribute huudreds of thousands of pounds to support such a system which they could, not in conscience avail themselves of, and at the saint time have to support schools in accord with their own principles out of their own pockets? Sineet.be "passing of the present Education Act Roman Catholics*have had to contribute at least £ 109.0'H) towards the support of the State Seirortls, besides the thousands of pounds which, their uwu schools have cost them. Is this freedom—is it justice ? Your Protestant correspondent kept wide of all this, though the address and letters he refers to had for their object the exposing of these grievances which the present legislation of the colony inflicts on Roman Catholics. It would take bp too large a space in your journal to comment on the, erroneous and uncalled for statements, accusations, and language nsed by your Protestant correspondent in liis inconsistent and offensive letter. I shall confine myself to a few remarks on some points referred to by him regarding the Bible being its own interpreter, the only guide and rule of faith;for the people, the teaching of the Council of Trent regarding the nse of the Bible and the circulation and reading of the Bible among Roman Catholics. Your correspondent "protests that it is a libel npon God, the author of the Bible, to say that he has not madfe his will intelligible to men in all matters affecting salvation." Our Saviour himself on several occasions when teaching and preaching spoke under figures and in parables which were not understood by many who heard him. His disciples came and said to him, "Why speakest thou to them in parables? Who answered and said to them; B.;cau:e to you it is given to know the mysteries of heaven, hut to them it is not given," Matt., xiii.x. Even when he spoke plainly, and _ his wprds were to be taken literally, themultitude "tried not to believe, as it is recorded in the vL chap, of St. Juhiw " I said our Lord, asn the living bread which came down from heaven. If any man eat of this bread he.shall live for ever ; and the bread which I shall give is my flesh for the life of tha world. The Jews, therefor?, strove among themselves, saying : How can this man give nsrhis flesh to eat ? Then Jesus «aid to them, J amen, amen, I say unto you, except you eat the flesh of the Son of Man and drink his blood, - you shall, not have life in you." These'•kre^lain,' emphatic words, and affect-. ng salvation. A'hd further on in the xvi. chap, the discinles said to him: " Behold, now thou spenkest plainly and speakest no provecb." The words quoted from the vi. chap, ire'intelligible, they have been read by intelligent men, men of consumate learning have studied them, and yet how different the meanings attached to them. St. John wrote his gospel in the Oreek language. The greatest (consumate) scholars were required and employed to translate the Scriptunes into the vernacular. Asrairt -St. Peter eivys, there are certain things -(in the epistles of St. Paul) hard to be understood, which the unlearned and unstable wrest, as tliey do also the other Scriptures to their own destruction." ii. Peter, iii.xvi. St. Peter is a.better authority to my mind than y6«r Pratestant cojrespohdent. Oar Lord taught the apostles and commissioned them to teach, and to'appoint and ordain succefssors 'whb should teach; "Goine, therefore, teach ye all nations; baptizing them in the namie of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost; teaching them to observe all things whatsoever T have commandefl yon : and behold, I ain with you all days, ev«n«to -the consuination of the •world." Matt, xviii.xix. And he adds in St. Luke's gospel," He that heareth you, beareth me; and he that despiseth you, deepiseth me^; and he that despiseth me, despiseth him that sent me." Luke x.xvi. "Your Correspondent advises us not to be guided by their teaching, not to take " the authority of fallible men," but "to ask God's.spirit to enlighten us." Was it the $j>ipt of <»od that taught one faith to Luthier and another to Calvin, one to Wesley •aa9 another to Knox, when they revolted against -the teaching of the Church and its .irifelliblehead ? ..Your Protestant correspondent rotates that "The Council of Trent refused permispion' to Hie laity and humbler hlergy to-read the BiWe except under restrictive conditions." He did cot state what the restrictive conditions were, or in what .mufiuioc canon of tlio c.»unoil tli(?y axe t.r» be found. Perhaps he did -not know. He alludes to'the fourth session andeigth canon, • which -prohibited the iaity reading any edition or translation of the Bible in the : vernacular which had not notes or explana- . iions'approved of by the church, and withcnVlfce leave of their bishop. This-last \- restriction is absolete now, as bishops grant to all Cathiilies general leave to read the authorised-viersion. Atthetimetbe Fathersoi Trent assembled there was a bitter war declared against the church in thename of Scriptures. Most erroneous translations appeared. The ;imio waters found in the "sacred book" that the Pope yes.s Antichrist, the church of Jtome the harlot oLfkbylon, the priesthood ' the common property of all christians, and faith alone sufficient for .salvation. &c.; :The church replied that she received the' Scriptures a-id venerated them with all ... pipty and reverence, and that in consequence she provided for their being aeknnwled as the work of God himself, and faithfullyinterpreted and profitably employed. The Protestant Bishop Tunstal counted two thousand errors in the first English translation.'and Dr. Broughton says. "The English : Bitite -is'so corrupt as to send thoitsa-ids into •eternal, dames," Vet ypur Protestant cor- , respondent pB.ys that "no»- the schoolmaster is abroad, and men laying claim to any intelligence insist upon reading'and thinking for themselves."- -Does it require consumate learning to translate the Bible from the Hebrew, Greek, and other dead languages in' which it was originally written into -the (various languages in which it is no wread ? ? Does ft require consumate learning to commentate on it, to expound or explain it that it may be profitable to those who read and hear?" Without consumate learning, without an infallible teacher whom our Lord has appointed to teach and with whom he himself is to abide for all time, "that the unlearned and unstable may not wrest the Scriptures to their own destrnction (St. Peter), the Bible is misleading and injurious." Let the history of heresies, all of which are based 011 Scripture, be my proof for this statement. All cannot be right. Christ did not teach things opposed one to another. "There is but oue boily and one Spirit, one Lord, one faith, one baptism." Ephes. iv., 4, 0. " And ho gave some apostles and prophets, and some evaugelists, and soine pastors and doctors . . . . for the working of the ministry, for the edifying of the body (the church) of Christ . . . .^ that henceforth we be no more children tossed to and fro, and carried about with every wind of doctrine." Ephes. iv., 11, 14. Ag-in onr Lord hiinselffexpressely says in St. Matthew's gospel; ' He that will not hear the Church let him be to thee as the heathen and the publican." Matt, xviii. 17. "Truly it is best (as I stated) to leave the Bible in the hands of the educated ministers, pastors, and doctors, whose duty and office it is to explain." The Scriptures require learned explanations and interpretations. How many texts divide commentators, theologians, and moralists, so difficult is it to distinguish in them a command from a counsel, tiie figurative from the literal sense. When the Quakers infer from the words, " Swear not at all," that we may not swear in any case; and front those others, "they that take the sword shall perish with the sword," that war is unlawful ; are they right or wrong ? A woman in Zurich, on reading that we ought to cut off the member that scandalised, cut out her tongue. Was she right? If the Gospel does not need interpretation, what is the use of the ministers of the Gospel ? How comes it that according to Bellarinine, these four words, "This is my body," have given occasion to 200 different explanations? A:id that according to Osiander there have been counted among partisans of Augsburg alone, 20 different opinions on justification, 16 on original sin, &c.;, &c.;, all supported by Scripture ; and that in referenceto the sacraments, there are as many theories, called Scriptural, as there are different seats. Still your Protestant correspondent "protests that it is a libel upon God, the author of the Bible, to say that he has not made his will intelligible to man in all matters affecting salvation," and that " the Bible is its own best interpreter." What your correspondent states regarding Martin Luther is ludicrous, and evinces profound ignorance of his early life, or a de j ite of a " deiise type", to mislead his readers. Martin Luther was sent at the age of 14 to the Franciscan School of ifagdeburgh, where he received his tuiton free, and where he pursued his- studies vigorously • under the Monks, who no doubt gave him instruction in the Bible whilst imparting to him a knowledge in Christian doctrine. He did not make the Scriptures his special study, as his father intended him to be a lawyer, and sent him at the a ge of 18 to the Uuiversity of firfurt to study law. Those who have read the life of Luther are acquainted with the incident that made him leave the University and go to the Augustinian Monastery at Erfurt, where he made his profession, and was ordained priest in 1507. He tells us in his works that he was subject to fits of melancholy, but that he rousedandcomforted his troubled spirit by reading passages of Holy Writ, and that he learned that the Monks, far from being unfamiliar with Scripture, possessed many copies of them, in, their library, and instead of preventing him from reading them, encouraged him to make them his chief study. And it is well known, from his writings and doings, what an extensive knowledge of the Scriptures he had, though he "wrested them to his own and others destruction." The authority given by your Protestant correspondent saves me a great deal of useless trouble in disproving his statements regarding the injustice exercised in Catholic countries in opposing the spreading of the Bible, unauthorised by the Catholic Church, among people who have the gift of true faith, the advantages of the teaching of those in the ministry who teach under the direction and with the authority of the infallahle head appointed by Christ, and who are protected by " pastors and doctors" from being " tossed to and fro with every wind of doctrine bv the wickedness of men," but these people h«ca^l- " pii.at-riddf a people." Hise authority is the •• Annual report of th. 3ritish and Foreign Bible Society. . . A report compiled by persons who live by their ingenuity in making such reports, and by deceiving infatuated old ladies and gentlemen who have money to throw away, and who support a society which sends men to teach the Gospel and pervert Catholics," who are not commissioned by Christ, and whoare at best only "schoolmasters abroad!" Catholics don't want their teaching nor their Bibles. What do we observe on the table of every Catholic family that can afford it? The Bible fnrnished with notes and explanations by those who are acknowledged as the most learned, the most truthful, and the holiest commentators and interpreters of Scripture. Your correspondent mentions a Mr. George Borrow, who had contributed to the "Book of References," "the Annual Report." Who is Mr. George Borrow? Who ever heard of him as an authority ? He was a proselytiser who went with his in-" suiting tracts and Protestant Bible into a Catholic country to enlighten Spanish Catholics. How absurd ! A Bible agent in Italy introduced himself into the camp at i Bologna amongst Catholic soldiers to give them the Bible of the Protestant Church to comfort them on the field of battle! The commandant, if he . were not a Catholic, at least he was a sensible man to spurn such an intruder. It was impossible to refrain from laughing when the " narrative" relating to France, quoted by your correspondent was read. (In a village of France, he says, " the Bible agent was ordered off lest he should poison the place with his heresy," and when : it was "declared that he ought to be burned alive in his cart," and that " his usual hosts were turned into furies, ".to preserve himself the agent had to stay in his cart and watch all night "with a lighted candle." Tliinjk of a man watching all night armed with a lighted candle to prevent himself being burned alive! It is. hardly credible that persons could be. found who allow themselves to be gulled by such nonsense, and who pay dearly for the same. Snch absurd narratives " shock the enlightened conscience of Christendom and the common sense of the world." Your Protestant correspondent, whose evident superficial knowledge of a question requiring deep study, has led him into a mire of inconsistencies and absurdities, would do well to calmly consider his unhappy condition and seek knowledge and instruction from the church which our Lord established on earth to teach all nations to the end of time. But if he wish to be guided and led by his own private opinions, let him grant the same privilege to others, and not attack them lor their opinions which are founded on the teaching of an infallable authority. Such letters as his are calculated ' to create dissension and antinathy in a com munity whre charity, union, and peace would exist if justice and equality were advocated and maintained. I am, Sir, &c.;, Gawler, July 20, 1882. PS.—Your last week's correspondent from the Orange Lodge will find answers to his objections in the above letter. If the first sentence of his letter is a specimen of his knowledge of English grammar, I would advise him to study the first principles of syntax before rupbing into print. July 27, 1832. J.B.L. 