PBOVJDING EOR OUK • SHIPPING" TRADE. As a mail service for' all' the. -ports' north of Hockhampton, and as a freight seivice, we have" always admitted the merits of the Torres Straits; Steam Service. "Whether a Government is jus tified in paying a subsidy of £60,000 ai ■year for eight' years to secure a direct steam freight service once a monthbe-V tween this colony and the old country, is ja question on which much may .he said on both -sides, although it is not our present intention to discuss this point. Certaiiily it is protection of a,very pro nounced type, and pne by. which im porters and exporters are. the chief, if not the only, gainers. ■. Merchants ob tain their merchandise quicker, cheaper, and with more certainty, by . such a ser-. vice than by the old system of sailing id if ' ' vessels, and it is just possible that con sumers get their goods cheaper also, although, as a simple matter of fact, wo ;liave not yet discovered a single article of import, sinall'or great, which' is any .cheaper in.'Brisbane now than it .was before this steam service was inaugu rated. ' . ., • -' • The only objection-we, ever raised to the Torres Straits steam service as a freight or merchant service, was on tlic ground that there was not a single port, from one end of the colony to the other,' where the steamers could get alongside the wharf to discharge and load—and that half the time for which the con tract was made would be runout before this would bo possible. Our contention was that for a full half of the time for which the contract was made the British India Company's -steamers engaged in it would have to load and disehargo, by lighter at nearly every- port at which they would call, thereby losing valuable time and involving a serious' additional expenditure, in addition to the damages to cargo which such : a system involved. It soemed' like a waste of £G0,000 a year oh a service which could only he carried out on such conditions'. We.still see no reason to retract or modify one iota oirthis sub ject. It is just possible that the direc tors of the British-India Company, 'or whoever has the management of this service now, hold opinions on this sub ject not essentially. different from our own, if their views could bo thoroughly ascertained and analysed. "With tho single exception of' Brisbane it seems now more certain than itdid two years ago that the first four years of the contract will have passed before the steamers can go up to. a wliarf to; dis charge and take in - cargo. By that time ;tlio wharf . at Port Alma; Kep'pol .Bay, may he completed, and the branch ; lino, from there to Eockhoihptonmay be' ' in'full;working order ; but if bo, it -will be quite -as much as can be done in thoi ' time. • At ho placo' north of Eockhauip- : ton is there.the ghost of a' clianco of any ' such achievement. The '.works..'.! at Elat-top are - temporarily ..aban-,, , doned, and at Townsville,. according - to a statement made -by tlio' • special reporter of the Gourierva. connecf .. tion with the Colonial Treasurcr's visit.": to that port on the 29th- ultimo,.'tho ; Government propose to fritter away a -: lot of money' in providing temporary; - accommodation for'; vessels ' of light' draught around the base of the - break-, water, and continue the construction of -t the breakwater itself in a much more • deliberate manner by comparatively : small annual; votes extending over a series of years—eight or ten at least., The estimate, for -tho completion of the work is £130,000, which it is pro- . posed to divide as follows:— ; The ext nsion of the present breakwater - as originally intended, with a enrvb to tho west--;. ward attho outer end, £31,000; tlio extension; of tho western breakwater, almost level with. • the ond of the other, so as. to form a basin, . £00 000; t-ho.construction of a wharf and slieds on-tho western breakwater, near the' mouth of' tho creek and clos'e'to the town, £20,000; and tho dredging of a channel 15 ft. deep at low - • water to this. wharf, £25,000. Olio average ; width of tho basin'will bo'about 1,500ft.,with a length cf 4,000 ft., and it will be so protected , by the twbbrcakwatefs.thatitcanbodrrdgod to. any depth required so as to form a complete artificial harbour. ' As soon as the wharf is finished on tlio present' breakwater the railway will'bo continued out', to it from tho present. terminus. . The Government intend at once to call for' tenders for tho work to. bo carried out with the £20,000 available, and if a suitable contract cannot bo entered into they will prococd , with the work themselves. ' \- - "We believe it is admitted by-all,, or nearly all, mercantile men of any stand ing here that Townsvillo. is, and; inust inevitably be for some years to coinc,1 at'' all events; tlie most important Queens land port north of Eockhamptqn, so far ' !as trade aiid commerce "are concerned. The rate of .freights to that port con trol and determine to a very consider able degree the rates at all the' other ports down tho coast, and therefore it is of primary importance that all pos sible facilities should, be provided at -Townsville for . the discharging and loading of all vessels trading to the -port, which is ; not possible until the .breakwater 1b completed, wharves erected, and .the. railway extended to them. This breakwater was commenced by the previous Ministry with the full intention' of . completing itand the rail wayed it as .speedily as money could be obtained for. the purpose.. Eor some inscrutable reason, which Mr. Macuos s an. alone understands, .and: which ho' has never yet explained nor. attempted to explain-—this building of the TownsjV ville jetty was. made, a party political question, and because ; tlie previous ICnistry bad initiated it he.put a step to it at once, and bad the, terminus of . the railway diverted from the jetty, or breakwater to tlie town, and Eoss Greek dredged and the -irocks at its mouth; blasted so as to 'carry, on tho^trado. by sea in a peddling, makeshift manner.' After obstinately"resisting all demands for the continuation of tho Work at the jetty -for the four years the present ■ Ministry liaye boon in office, it seems thoy have at last been' compelled to tako up the- work, although mow.they only propose to carry it on in a per functory manner. : Surely; there' iq nothing obnoxiously' savouring of the Opposition in or about the Townsvillo jetty.. To.us it. seems that the Bpcedy completion of this Work; is a matter of far more general importance -to^'tho people of Queenslana than .the'cori-. .stiruction pf either political or landr • grant railways. Because it is hot alone the vessols employed hi the-Torres Straits1 steam service that are delayed through want of accommodation at tho various ports, Tho whole coastal trade of the colony is Roriously hampored and retarded from the same cause. Tho A.S.Ni Company have put on a class of.'steamers, which require facilities for loading and dia- ■ charging alongside that aro not ;as yet in existence anywhere along tho' coast, except at Brisbane, and' scarcely here as vet., The .GHanworth, Quiraing,. Eanq lagli, "and Elamahg nro but ,tlie; com mencement of tho-introduction of W class of vessels which are now absolutely necessary for the expanding trade of our northern coast. To meet the further requirements .of,this coasting .trado. the \ " Q..S. S.-Company hasbeeh;formed,nnd . the new and large steamers belonging to, this company will be here shortly. . 'The inevitable delays arising from :thc load-' inglivnd.discharging of vessels like these of 1,0)30 tons, and upwards until such ap-. plianccs as now exist at all our northern ports, are costly and exasperating in tho "extreme. The Government are nbwi,calling for tenders 'for, a coastal service, , and ;no provision is , iiiado or in' progress for accommodating the'vessels that' alone would bo able to perform the service required. It seems' preposterous to make .railways to our principal ports, and make no adequate provision at those ports for the trade that the railways develop. Yet this is what has been done, ana at present there is no indication of any change of system, being adopted. We have men tioned the Townsville jetty as.of special importance, because branch services are now in existence north and south of that town, which are certain to. expand to very considerable proportions almost immediately owing to the large area of land ou the Herbert and Burdekin which is being brought into cultiva tion. The completing of wharfage accommodation, there for the trade, re quirements would have tho effect of reducing freights along : 'the- whole Northern coast. Yet the most despe rate efforts are to be made to get land grant railways in the interior, and the. principal ports of tho colony: are to' wait until .this momentous subject is decided. - 