CLIDROH SUNDAY SCHOOL ' UNION. There is and has been for mauy years a society for the Management and help of Sunday schools, called the Sunday School Union. : The name is sufficiently large to embrace1 all denominations and we have no doubt that all Christian denominations' coulcl nave worked in its ranks without compromise of any of their own specialties;- and' with cordial' mutual welcome. / "But the spirit of sectarianism is too.rampa'ut for sects' to. be satisfied to unite in one cause.- -Each is tempted, wheu strong enough; to get up a separate" cause for itself, and- this ''in; many places results in weakening the cause itself.1 The Sunday School Union was not sufficient." A party in -the : Church of England must needs start another called " The Church Sunday School Union," just in the same spirit as wo li ave "the Church Temperance Society,' ' " the Cliiirch Seaman's ''Mission :&ci;, wli icK mi gh b: j ust as well unite 1 under ! th e broader banners which cover all the agencies for the same - objects.- " All these sectarianisms exist here ' in' « 'our - little population' as well-as in -the denser1 popu lation of: England. / W e -mention j ust now " the Church Sunday ''School:' Union because there are indications of a tendency to. the- further evil ofosacerdotalism being developed, since its foundation1 -on: the 1 priuciple of exclusiveness.' r The " Union1 '1 has /published a little / book entitled" " Elementary lessons : notes on the -Church Catechism for parents, ;; Sunday, / school teachers, and. fcatechists - in church.-' In pages 78 and 79, little. children .are here; taught that the 'Holy/Ghost gives life iu hply baptism, when we are. born again 'of water-and- of theBpirit :. that He is- given to all. the -baptised that in .holy baptism Ue. .unites us to Jesus ; Christ that He works in all the sacraments: and from ; r what immediately follows one would suppose that confirmation, absolution, and ; holy orders, are sacraments too. In pages 83 and 84 we read " There is only one church, divided chiefly into three . parts, the Eastern, the Roman, and the' English Church: that dissenters are persons who have separated themselves . from the one church ; and although there are mauy holy persons amongst them, yet that they are guilty of the sin of schism, and that it is wrong to go to a dissenting place of worship." At page 86 the children are taught that , Chris1 -s way of appointing His ministers . is called " ordination " — that is, the laying ; on of the Bishop's hands and saying : certain words; that the Bishop's power , descends: from the Aposlles through the ' unbroken (?) succession of bishops; and i on page 38 we are told tbat for an un- ordained man to presume to administer sacraments would be a more grievous sin > than, that of Korah ; and, again, any Christian person- may /baptise on- an emer- - gency, but any other sacrament ministered . by one not descended from the Apostles / is an empty,, out ward form, not to say .a profanation, because such persons have no commission or power from Christ." Page 90 informs us that there are two sorts of sins— just as in ,the apostacy of Rom9 — venial sins and mortal sins, and in the next page we find that no sooner had Christ obtained forgiveness for us by His death than He hastened to confer the power on' His Church, and so (page 92) Christ's ministers forgive sins committed after baptism by their absolution:" Page 102, we worship God, especially, in the offering of the Holy Eucharist; page ( 104, and we bow to the (Communion table, or the so-called) altar "because it is Christ's throne in the blessed Sacrament '' ' In-page.. 107; -Eastur-day is the greatest ; Festival of the Church, but even Christ- raas day and Ascension-day are - greater ,' than Sunday., Good Friday is the most ; solemn: fast in -the ./.year, and it is'; a -grievous sin against the Fourth Command- ment to 'spond. it in pleasure. Page 124, " only the ' baptised have a right to say; , /the Lord's/ Prayer." -We pass over what / is said about prayers for the dead and ' other parts. ' ... This catechism, as we before said," is published by the Church Suhclav School 1 Union, and this, and similar' ; books, are ; ; doing their work throughout : England. It has been well said that there is, perhaps, no greater anomaly in existence than the ' present situation . of tlie Ritualists' and"' their position( in the - Church of England . There are two 'ways of doing work and , pursuing an - end— one is openly and avowedly, anotlier is secretly and under a , mask of deception. The' latt'er.'plan lias ; been adopted by these parties ; by. them Rome's work must be done, but as many t' effoi't-s at doing so openly have been frus- trated'when attempted in 'the'.face of- a 1 Protestant public, the tactics have1 to' be ' changed. The law as declared against' ' outward enemies is complied, with ; -but the services and offices- of the Church are made channels for teaching 1 Rome's / doctrines. These, when thus , handled',' 1 are made terrible engines for evil',' and the ; Protestant people of Englan'd/ oughtmot ': to rest till every vestige /and 'every' rag\of ' Popery is eradicated' 'from' tlie Prayer- ' ' book. It is.b,ut begging the question to say that all.' these 'dogmas " are ta'uglit in the Book of .Coinmbu Prayer. The sixth article of oiir Church teaches us that' the authority' of Holy Scripture is; suprem'e 1 in' this : inatter,' ' and'' they whb 'pervert Scripture to 'suit their' own. ends do it to ' their condemnation: ' :Ji 1 1 