TURF GOSSIP. By ?Pi.Lflow. Another race meeting has taken place, and . iriln others tho Victoria Amateur Turf Club Mooting may bo numbered with the past. Tboro was a very nico gathoring,. but not as many as ' ' such, a progrdmmo inlglit havo boon oxpocted to tavo collected together. It ia supposed that tlio ?weather kept many away, especially tho ladies. ferbap3 so. Tho day previous bod proVsd about as UBploasant as a day conld well bo, anoMho wwtler at times caa be dltogrwable, aa wall »8 individuals. Nothing and no one holds a mono poly of this virtue. Tho wcatbor, howovor, ro. lontcd and become pleasant and agreeable. Tho son smiled upon us, and that without being roxationsly hot. There was -a nice breosso, in short I think those who had undertaken tho trip had tho best of it. Most certainly thoy had if tlio sport bo considered. For with out exaggeration belter or closor racing could not have rowarJcd tho venture. Even whero tho fields worn small the uaficensy was made up by tho excellence of tho contests. The stewards wero fortunuto in inducing Mr. Cteorgo Watson to onco moro tako the flng, a fact which gave great [and fgenoral satisfaction. For really it requires a practised hand to start these short races. Dr. Batlio addro3sed a letter to tho stewards requesting to know whether ho would bo compelled to take any horse that he asked to bo put up — suoh horso not being tho actual winner oE the race— if no hid was made beyond the upset prico. To which the stewards replied ?thfttanyparson'ouismgahoMoto bo pot up would havo to take him provided no one hid over tho upsot price. And in this decision tlio stewards aro borno out by tho English rule. The worthy doctor, I am told, is not satisfied, and wants the stewards to say it again, which thoy will do. ' Why should horses bo kept in tho weighing yard and put up to auction at tho whim of a person wko does not ' want ono himself, and nover intends to bid? Tho weighing platform is not an auction mart for tho putting up and knocking down of every horso that happens to run in a selling raco. Tho request should coiac from thoiso who do want n, ! certain horse, who when thoy mako the request should bo prepared to give tho up3st prico for him. Tiio doctor was perfectly safe when ho ' called for his own colt, Liddington, to bo put tip, for being his own ho had not £140 to pay for nim. At any rato it ia tho English rulo, and wo follow and adopt the Unglish raleB rrhoro we aro leficient of ono to moot a case. I mention this moro with tho object of guarding others from falling into a trap, for it is not everybody that knows that it h compulsory to tako a horse at tha upset prico if thoro ib no hotter offer for him. And in this ignorance many might havo to subscribe to a purchase thoy were far from oxpecting. Harp of Erin won the open Selling Itaco rathar easily, with Viking second, beating Tho Ghost, last v:ook I men tioned that Viking was going to run a big horao for this, which ho did ; and at the time I thought it very doubtful whether Harp of Erin would Btart or not. It was a grand raco all tha way. Bo also was tho Hurdle Itaco botween tho two first horses Glenorvan aud .Monitor, and thoro is no Baying whero Young Alfred might uot have been had he not fallen and forfoitod his life. Somo think Monitor shouM havo won, but that does not weaken my romaTk last week when I said on public form Glenorvan onght to win. Van guard is tho intikin&i; of a useful horso, with time anil practice, 'i'his Taco was only won by half a head. There was a desperate raco for 10 Separation Stakes, Syndicate beitting Scipio by a very email advantage. The eon of King of tho King could not got through ai roadily as ho wanted at tho turn, or ho might have won. No less than fourteen horses cuine out for the South Yarra Handicap, which, after a despcrato race, foil to Sir Joseph, beautifully riddon by O'Brien, who came with a run when all tho otbors were fully stretched, nnd boat thorn by half a longth. i-ar Una was aocona, ana nyacinm, wiw v si. 4 lb , third. Four horso3 oamoto the postfor the Steeplechase. Sir Ewen balked and Squira fell, which created a- littlo disappointment, which was however soon dispelled by the closo raco between Twilight and Actress. Although it was reduced to a match it bocamo most oxeitinj;, the light weight just wearing tho hoavy weight down. No less than eighteen horses carao forth for the Rich mond Handicap Tho Qhostaiid Harpof Erin being mado tbo favorites. But beforo the Hag foil John Teel had boon ns liberally supported as anything in tho raco, all tha 100's to 15 haying been snapped up ; and tho son of Olivor Twist getting well away mado the most of it, and won without over baing headed ; tho Ghost aqain second, and Harp of Erin third. The Ghost Booms to bo a very expensive horso to whomaoovor may in turn own him. On Saturday he wus heavily backad for both his races. 1 min. 5 sec. for this raco is vory good time on this course. This was tho last ovent. o£ tho day, and a move was mado for home. Already has it boon mentioned that tho Wyml ham Racing Club intend holding a race meeting on Saturday, 22nd April ; and us this club has always mot with a ready support from tho Bportsmon without, it is only fair to assumo that thoy will accord it tho favor of their presence on tho next occasion. Tho programme opens with a Maiden Plato, oi 30 bovs., woixht-for-ago, ono milo and a distance. This is followed by a Selling Stako, 0! 40 sovs., throo.nuarters of a mile : tho Mambomino Han dicap, CO sovs,, ono mile and a quarter ; Ilurdlo Riico, 40 eovs., about two miles; Grand Stand Handicap, 50 bovs., ono milo; Galloway Handi cap, 25sovb., fivo furlongs. Kominationsaroiluo atBowcs'sHotoi, Bourko-stieet west, Monday, 3rd April. On EaBter Monday thcro will bo a meeting of tho Bccehwoith Amateur Club. Tho principal raco is but 25 sovs., and ono or two othors are 15 EOVS. Morrison baa reached Sydney with Wellington and Result ; tho horso was vory well when ho left. Fcoplo ask who in to rido him ? Yeomans will probably havo to rido somothiug of Jlr. James Whito'e, so tho saddlo may bo occupied by Batty, and nono hotter could bo got ; yot I do not think ho will bo tho choson ouo. The coramittoo of tbo Victoria Amateur Turf Club met on Wednesday, at theirofScos, and after passing tho accounts of tho lato race meeting, which left a balance in its favor of £330, pro ceeded to considor plans proparod by Mr G-. A. Badger, architect, for tho erection of oxtra ac commodation for its morobors and tho public. As tho total profits to tho club since Juno last amount to no leas a Bum than £2200, tbo com mitteo folt justified in undertaking suoh improve ments as have long been called for by its mem bers, and tho want of which has caused ladies to ?withhold their patronage from tho grounds. Tho contemplated improvements consists of a luncheon room 10O foot long by 20 feet wide ; a room for his Excellency tho Govornor j a ladies' room fitted with all requirements ; ana a members room, the three last mentioned rooms boing over tbo luncheon room, and leading direct from Iho corridor of tho grand stand. Theso improve, monts havo long boon wanted, and when com pleted, as thoy may bo expected to bo in tho opaco of thrco months, will bo highly valued by both tbo ladies and tho public. A vory pleasant meeting was hold at Salo last woek, aovoral well known sportsmon and mem bora of tho ring going up by a spooial train, Thp Hurdlo Haco foil to Littlo Duchess, who boat Napoleon, Black Princo and Douglas. Hyacinth, tbo winner of the Newmarket Handicap, landed tbolSale Handicap, with Primus second,Narrabri, tha favorite, being beaten. In toe Junior Stakes Jurying ?an disposed of Janglo and Altanapr Tory X clovcrly, boing tlioir master ov«r live furlongs; Speculation took tho Selling Hnco, Bird of Proy running insido somo posts, and \rkuther acoi dontnl or intentional woidd Keem to bo matter of contention by tboso prsecnt. Spito, a daughter of Calumny, won tho Sipps'and Derby. Primus, by Prrto-Martyr from Diecrotion, took the Maiden Plato, Aurora tho Ladies' Purse, anil Ulaok Princo tho Sc.ling Hurdlo Raco, with A.O. second. Two to ono was kid on Narrabri for tho ViBitora' Plato, which was won by Kortuna, by Don Gio vanni, Lucy had ,-.n easy task in tho Steeple chase, and Tnnglo aticuroi tho Telegraph Stakes, Mr. l'cnrson winning 110 loos than six races out of the clovon on tho card. Tho first day of tho Hawkoslimy autumn meeting passed oiTon Thursday with fair success. Ab tho weather was fine, tho attendance was tolerably largo. Satollito won tho Hindlo Raco, with Eros second : and Bryan O'Linn camo homo llrst in tho Rowley Milo lliindieup, with Verdict second. Piracy took the Two- year-old Stake, with Heola second and Saionara third ; lialthazar the Selling Raco ; and Hatrthoriiden v/on the Rail way Handicap, Rainbow second, and Cunnamalla. third. Tho running of Bryan O'Jjynn brought him into notico tor the Autumn Handicap, tut tho sub3eqnent*PorfoiTiianco of Hawthormlen put him in tho oliado, so much being thought of tho latttr's running that ho toon became firjt favorite for tho Autumn Handicap, surpassing Bathurst, who enjoys tho necond position. Tho races will continue to-day, when the meeting will termi nate. From all report? to hand it would .seem as though the training ground at Randwick is very bard'. Swoot William, who is heavily backed for tho Sydney Olold Cup, is reported to bo very sore. A largo number of sporting men have loft for Sydnoy, to bo pvcaont at tho Hawkesbury and A.J.C. meetings. As tho South Australian Jockey Club mooting clashes with that of the Victoria Amateur Turf Club meeting of Saturday, Olh May, it has boon, determined by tho committee of tho V.A.T.C. to bring their meeting forward one week, on Satur day, 29th April, the programmo for whioh ap pears in tho lute advertisements column. Larpcnt was scratched for tho Hawkasbury Handicap on Tuesday morning last. Now that tho w6i«hta aro out for tho Williams town race3, to be held on Easter Monday, oivnera ; will bo able to esttmato thoir chances. Tho j Curdle Haco commences with Jack, 12 st. 41b., and ends with The Nut, 9 at. So it may bo termed a rogular welter race. Tlio Altona Han dicap of fivo furlongs commence.? with 9 st. 21b., and windB up with Elector, flat. 7 lb. ; and tho Telegraph Stakes, which is a selling handicap of half a mile, bos Sonneteer, 11 St. 9 lb., at tho top, and Elfin Queen, SJat, at tho bottom. Then comes the Galloway Stakes, succeeded by tho Steoidcchaso, whero Intrepid haB liist. 7 lb., and Tho Nut, Oat. ; and in tho Seaford Handicap, Sonneteer heads tho list with 8st. 131b., and Elector is at tho bottom with 6 st. 71b. Accep tances havo to bo mado good on Monday, 3rd April. At tho Yea meeting, .Minnie was successful in tho Maideu Plato ; Zephyr in the Handicap, beating Jeanootto and Springfield. Ja.key won tho Sulling llaoo, ami Whito Hurt took tho Hur dle Race, beating Pfuldy Crutch and Evening Star ; Jeannetto took tho Consolation, with Springfield second. Tho Victoria AmatonrTarf Club Meetinghavorir- ranged a nico little programmo for theirnextmeet ing. Ab tho days aro short at this period of tho year, tno programme will uo nmito'i to nvo races. A Soiling Raoo of 75 sovs., Hurdlo Race, 50 sovs., Stceplechaso, 75 povs., Corinthian Race, 50 sovs., and a Handicap ltace, of 100 bovs. over about a milo and a furlong. I am glad to bo ablo to add that tho V.A.T.O. camo ont better than their most sansnino expec tations had led thorn to expect on Saturday last, having netted about £330 by tho day's transac tion. It mu3t be borno in mind that tlio nominations for tho Denilitiuin Jockoy Club April Meeting, to take place on 27th and 28th inst., must be mado on Monday next. Thiaexcollcntprograntmeshould draw a largo entry, for tho stakes aro ostromoly liberal, and tlioro ia nothing to como in contact ?with it. There will bo several up from Mclbourno to attend tho meeting. The woights aro duo on Saturday, ICth inst. Lucy is now tho property of Mr. E. Wcekcs, who purchased her prior to the Salo races. Bud of Proy was purchased at Salo by Mr. S. Gardiner for £92. Lord Clifden has been sold to Mr. Sach for 800 guincno. Mr. John Wikon, of the Great World Circus, ia a plucky buyer ; ho could not be shaken off when he started bidding for Harpof Erin, whom ho scoured for ISO sovs. at Caullield, and then ho secured Syndicate for 145 boys. Tho latter is but two years old, and ia by Bethnal Green from Phizgig. Hail ho boon a littlo bigger twico tbc EUmwouldnot havo got him. Tho stewards of tho Victoria Amateur Turf Clubarodesirousof its ltcingmadeg'.nerally known that thoy bto determined to stop tho uso of violent and o'ljoetionablo languago on their grounds, and all thoso convicted of tho offence in future will probably ho ovictcd from the grounds, and banished for twolvo months. Mr. E. Weck-a committed f,uc!i an offeneo on Saturday last, and tho stewards fined him £10, to bo paid within sevon days, or disqualification for twelve months to cnsui'. Mr. Woekea may congratulate himself that it was not moro, or that it was decided to fino him nt all, for had ho been disqualified it is certain to luvo becomo genoial tkroushout tho colony. It ia to bo regretted that any person should allow his tomper «i- far to got tho hotter of his discretion, and especially so in Iho case of Mr. Wcokca, who is an oxccllent sportsman, and runB his horses truly and to win : and to this fact is duo tho leniency which pleaded for him. On the 8th April thoro will bo a meetinc hold at Kensington l'ark. Nominations aro duo on tho 4th April. At tho Lara races. Tomboy won tho Maiden Plato, Mr. MTnren'a filly tho Handicap, and Shadow the Consolation Stakes. Mr. Clibborn has sold Sir Oliver, by Epigram from Olive, to Captain Osborno for liOO guineas. This colt belonged to the luto Sir J. P. Bell, oi Queensland, and ran very prorainontly at tho last October mooting at Canliield, in tho Foal Stakes. He in a good and an improving colt. When Lucy ran at Sale tho othor day she was running for Mr. Weekes, who now owns her. ? Mr. Thomas Oorrbjan has mado another pur chase in Lady Humpdon, who, I suppose, will bo put over tho sticks. From Adelaide we hoar that Nod Kelly beat Wait-a-wbile in a match for 100 bovs., ovor a dis tanco of two luilcs and a half. Thoro aro oloyon horses in tho Murehison Han dicap, thirteen in tho Goulburn Valley Handicap, and Boron in the Hurdle Raco, to be run oa Bastor Monday. ? . Mr. C/. F. Fraaor has jpinod Bomo frionds in a trip to tha old country, but will ouly remain away a few mouths. Mr. Duncan M'Pheison's racehorses wero sold on Wodnesday, at Kirk'a Bazaar, when Santu Claus was purchased by Mr. A. Solman for UOO guinoas ; Kobbio Burns, by Mr. Donaldson, 305 guineas ; a bay colt, by tho latter horse, Mr. Donaldson, 4 74 guineas, and two others for smaller auma. Mcsiiy. VTm, 0. Yuille awl Co. report having nold this week tbo .rooehorso Ween, to go to India ; Fret d'Aceompler, to go to QuooDBlaiul ; and the well known racehonolfaodliuids, also to go to Queensland, 