SECOND DAV. Melbourne. December 26. The cricket match between eleven repre sentatives of Victoria and an equal number of New South Wales, was continued on the Melbourne Cricket Ground to- day. The weather was lovely, and there was a large attendance, between 10,000 and 11,003 persons being present. The Sydney innings was devoid of interest on account of the tame style cf the batting. The Victorians bowled and fielded srandlv. Jtnnnor irarManin.rlv dis. tinguishing himself. Unfortunately towards the end of the innings he ruptured a ligature of the ankle, and had to retire. It is doubt ful whether he will be able to play on Satur day against the-Englishmen. The feature of the day's play was the commencement of the second innings for Victoria, McDonnell and Blackham batting grandly, particularly the former. The decision of McGann in giving Blackham out l.b.w., especially when it was palpable that the wicketkeeper and not the bowler had appealed, was much commented on. THE P1AY. At 12 exactly the Victorians took the field, and Bannermanjand Murdoch, the twonoc-out men, took their places at the wicket. The New South Wales captain had not quite recovered from his lameness of Saturday, but was quite at home with the bat. Bruce opened the bowling from the pavilion end, Midwinter trundling from the other. Both bowlers were well on the spot, and it was not till ten overs had been sent down, seven of which were maidens, that SO appeared on the board. After fire more maidens had been bowled Bannerman put Midwinter uppishly to the off, but no one was near to take the catch — three resulting. When three more maidens had been recorded Murdoch hit one of Midwinter's hard back, and that bowler made a splendid attempt at a catch but only managed to save runs. Murdoch now drove Bruce bard past mid-off for a brace, Bonnor grandly saving the 4. He then drove the same bowler in the same direction for a quartette — 90 up. At this stage of the game a change was made in the bowling by Allan relieving Bruce. Runsjhowever, came more quickly, the century appearing amidst great, applause. After a few more overs Allan changed ends, and Boyle relieved Mid winter, bowling underhand slows. The game now became more lively, and tens went up till 130 appeared on the telegraph-board, both batsmen scoring freely, Murdoch being 66 and Bannerman 62, both not* out. Scott at this stage relieved Boyle, who had been getting punished somewhat severely. This made a material difference in the . batting, which again became of a stonewall character, seven maidens being seat dovrn. Murdoch's time had, however, now come, as he was grandly caught by ±MacKbam at the wickets off Allan, and had to retire after a patiently-played innings for 7L 2—71 — 136 appeared as Davis went to the vacant crease. One hundred and forty was not long in appearing on the board, and when 4 more runs had been added an] adjournment for lunch took place. On resuming Allen and Scott again trundled. Bannerman with a triplet and Davis with a brace brought the score to 149, thus topping the Victorian total. Two to Bannerman, and then Davis wxs clean bowled by Scott. 3—5—157. Jones was the next man, and the score was raised very slowly to 16S when Bannerman was run out. 4 — 78— 16S. Bannerman played a grand innings without giving a ghost of a chance. Garrett joined Jones and the game became very fast, the new comer scoring very freely. 170 and 180 soon appeared. Garrett then hit Scott hard to the off and Bonnor in saving the 4 trod in a gutter and wrenched his ankle badly, which necessitated his retirement, his place being filled by J. Slight, the emergency man. Scott now caught and bowled Gar rett. in grand style, the board showing 5—10—183. Gregory joined Jones and sent Scott to square-leg for 4. After Allan had sent down a maiden Gregory was given out l.b.w. to Seott. 6—4—187. Hiddlestone filled the vacancy, but did not last long, being clean bowled by Scott before he had scored. 7—0—187. Evans came next, but he soon lost his partner Jones, who was clean bowled by Allan when the score stood at 18% S-15— 1S9. Spofforth joined his brother bowler, and at ?*ce commenced to score. iHe Btarted his account by a triplet, Evans seconding him welL The second cen tury soon appeared, followed in rapid succes sion by 210,220, 230. Midwinter now relieved Allan, Boyle replacing Scott ; 240 appeared, and then Bruce caught Spofforth at mid-off off Boyle, the. board showing— 9— 31— 241. Cleeve, the young Sydney bowler, was last man, and after untiring two singles, he lifted Boyle to the chains for A quartette. The next ball hej hit hard to the off, and Slight made a grand attempt at a one-handed catch, but failed jto hold the balL Cleeve, however, ran, bat Evans stupidly refused to mose, and CleeveK could not regain his ground before Biftekham bad the balls off. The inningBi&us; tfpssdi^ toe Tward showing lO-6H2«i «r*«U ? ahew^of^^ictona^jfoana^gdB^^uV his bat for a well-played 22. Sundries, 5. At a quaxter-past 5 o'clock New South Wales again took the field. McDonnell aad Slack ham were the first representatives of Victoria to try to wipe off the 99 required to save a one- innings defeat. G«,rrett trundled from the south end and Spofforth from the other end. Blackham opened the score by playing Spofforth to leg for 4; McDonnell followed this up by two triplets, one off each bonrler— 10 up. After a few more singles McDonnell lifted Garrett over the chains for 5 and then hit him for a single, which brought 20 up. Thirty soon appeared, BIcDosneil contribu ting a quartette and triplet off Garrett and Spofforth. Evans then relieved Girrett, and McDonnell at once bit him for 4 and a brace. Gregory went on vine SDofforth, but runs still came, 50 going up .32 minutes after starting. After CO had appeared Blaskhaai was given out l.b.w. to Giegory, the board eUcwinsr— 1—23—60. Stumps were then drawn for the day, McDonnell being credited with 3'3 not out. Sundries 5. 