LEGISLATIVE COUNCIL MONDAY, SEPT. 11th. The SPEAKER took the chair at 7 p.m. Special Occupation Lkbsees. Mr. CROWTHER, in accordance with notice, moved that an humble address be presented to His Excellency the Governor, praying that he will be pleased to take into consideration the case of persons holding special occupation leases which will shortly expire, but who have not carried out all the conditions imposed by the land regulations, owing to unavoidable causes, and to take what steps he may consider necessary to enable such persons, on payment of 10s. per acre in full to retain posssession of their leases until the required conditions are fulfilled, without further payment ; also, in special cases (subject to the approval of the Commissioner of Crown Lands), to give them the fee simple of their land, on completion of the fencing only, when they shall have paid the 10s. per acre in full. Hon. members would recollect that a few days ago he asked the Commissioner of Crown Lands what were the intentions of the Government with reference to these lessees, and that the reply he received was, that, if the required improvements had not been made before the end of the leases, the holders of them may continue to occupy the land at the same annual rental as they are paying at present, but that no Crown grants would be issued until the necessary improvements had been duly made. Hit (Mr. Crowther), however, did not think, looking at the particular circumstances of the case, that this was a liberal enough concession to make. He thought these lessees, if they shall have paid the full price put upon their lands in the first instance, namely 10s. an acre the payment to extend over a period of ten years might fairly ask the Government to let them continue holding their lands without further payment, without however giving them the fee simple of it until they fulfilled the requirements of the land regulations under which they held their leases. A great many of these people, owing to adverse circumstances over which they had no control, had, to his own knowledge, been unable to comply with what he regarded as the very severe conditions imposed on them as regards fencing and cultivating-conditions which made the price paid for the land, by the time the lessees became entitled to it, not 10s. per acre but about 48s. an acre. The hon. member pointed out that in his own district there were cases which required special consideration, owing to the terrible seasons which the farmers have had to contend against, and which rendered it absolutely impossible for them to comply with the conditions under which they held the land. He did not think he was asking too much when he asked that these people should, at the expiration of their leases, be allowed to retain possession of the land, without paying any further rental than the 10s. they had originally agreed to pay, until they were able to comply with the required conditions as to fencing and cultivation. In some cases, he thought the conditions as to cultivation might be waived altogether, as some of these leases had been taken up, in the Champion Bay district, simply to enable the lessees to " bush" their land in order to pre prevent the inroad of sand-drift upon their adjacent leases. He thought, in these instances, subject to the approval of the Commissioner of Crown Lands, the equity of the case would be met if the lessees simply complied with the conditions as regards fencing. (In the course of his speech the hon. member descanted eloquently on the system of farming pursued by a gentleman residing on the Flats, rejoicing in the common but not unworthy name of Jones, whom the hon. member held up to admiration as " the model Western Australian former.") Mr. BURGES, in seconding the motion, spoke of the terrible privations which the farmers of the Greenough had undergone during the past season, many of whom, but for the liberality of the local merchants, must have starved, even us their stock did. He thought these people were entitled to the sympathy and the assistance of the Government, and he did not know how this could be better shown towards them than by complying with the prayer of the address moved by the hon. member for Greenough. The COMMISSIONER OF CROWN LANDS considered that the Government, in agreeing to allow these lessees to remain in undisturbed possession of their leaseholds upon payment of a rental of la. an acre, per annum, the same as they are now paying under the conditions of their existing leases conditions which required, as part of the agreement, that the lessees, in consideration of this low rental, should fence and cultivate the land and seeing that those conditions had not been complied with he thought, the Government, under these circumstances, would be acting as liberally as they could, injustice to the country at large, be expected to act, towards these people. The House was aware that the lessees were given ten years to pay for their land, on the deferred payment system, and that, in reality, the rental they were charged did not amount to more than a moderate rate of interest on the purchase money. He thought, looking at all the circumstances of the case, and in view of the liabilities which the colony was incurring in respect of public works, the House should hesitate before it even agreed to this address, which, if adopted and acted upon, would very materially reduce our territorial revenue. At the end of last year there were 1535 persons holding special occupation leases or licenses, representing 182,878 acres, and by this time probably no less than 200,000 acres of land was held by these occupiers. He saw no reason why a man who had entered into a contract with the Government as regards a piece of land should expect otherwise than that the terms of the contract should be as strictly adhered to us if the contract related to anything else besides land. The mere fact of the State being one of the contracting parties did not release the other from his liability to carry out the conditions of the contract. He was sorry he could not support the present motion of the hon. member, for he thought the Government, in consenting to allow these people to retain possession of their land, upon payment of a merely nominal rental, had done all that could be reasonably asked of it, bearing in mind its duty towards the colony at large. Mr. CASEY, regretted to find that the Commissioner of Crown Lands was not prepared to support this address. The hon gentleman evidently preferred judging by his own remarks-to allow the land of the colony to lie waste than afford the holders of it some encouragement to occupy and cultivate it. The hon. member (Mr. Carey) then dwelt upon the liberal manner in which pastoral lease- holders are treated by the Government, in respect of being allowed to obtain the fee simple of 100 acres within their leases for every 10,000 acres comprised within such leases, upon payment of 5s. an acre, conditionally upon an equal amount being expended on improvements. This, the hon. member said, was giving these pastoral leaseholder the pick of their land for £50 per 100-acre, whereas the special occupation lessee had to pay about £160 for the same quantity of land, it' he complied with the conditions as regards fencing and cultivations. Mr. BROWN regretted that on this occasion he was unable to support the hon. member for Greenough. What the hon. member meant, and what this address contemplated, was, in reality, this that we should allow persons who call themselves agriculturists to take up land, and make no use of it, provided that they can pay Is. an acre for it, for another ten years. And this, too, as regards the pick of the land of the colony. Ever since he had had the honour of occupying a seat in that House he had done his best towards liberalising our land laws, but on this basis-that those who huM the land should utilise it. He would even give the j land away, to those who would accept it on condition that they utilised it to the fullest extent. These lessees were allowed to take up land and to hold it, as the Commissioner of Crown Lands had pointed out, by simply paying the interest on the upset price of the land and in addition to this liberal concession, that they had the free benefit of commonages. He thought no man had a right to complain, under these circumstances. Nothing could be more detrimental to the interests of the colony than the adoption of the principle advocated by the hon. member for Greenough, that we should allow people to hold land without utilising it for the purpose it is fitted. He thought the Government proposed to deal most liberally with those lessees who had been unable to comply with the conditions upon which they took up their land, as intimated the other day by the Surveyor General. Mr. STEERE was sorry he could not support the motion before the House. He thought we would Ims setting a very bad precedent indeed, were we to adopt it. If these people whose leases were about to expire shortly were to have this consideration shown to them, we might as well abrogate our land regulations altogether, for, he failed to see, how we could possibly refuse to consider the claims of other persons holding land under these regulations, if we complied with the prayer of this address. He thought the present land regulations were very liberal indeed, especially with reference to special occupation leaseholders. He thought the consideration already given to them by the Government, in respect of not being compelled to fence the inner boundaries of adjacent blocks of land taken up by them, was a very liberal concession indeed, and he believed these people themselves thought so, too. One of his principal objections to the proposals submitted the other day by the hon. member for Perth, with regard to giving away land, was the very grounds now put forward by the hon. member for Greenough in support of this motion that we should be giving land to people the majority of whom would never attempt any improvements upon it, and, at the end of their term, they would be coming to that House and appealing to have the fee simple of the land. Moreover, there were practical objections to the carrying out of the proposal submitted by the hon. member for Greenough ; these land regulations were as binding upon the Government as any statute law and they could not legally break them, as the hon. member contemplated they should. The hon. member virtually asked the Government to let these people remain on their land, for an indefinite period of time, after their leases expired, without paying any rent for it. It appeared to him that these people would then be trespassers : they would neither be holding the land on lease, nor would they have it in fee simple. No doubt there were exceptional cases, in which these lessees might be entitled to consideration, but he thought the House would be setting a most unfortunate precedent if it were to agree to this resolution. Mr. SHENTON thought the House should exercise the utmost caution before it sought to relax the conditions under which these leases were held. Everybody who was conversant with the working of our land regulations must be aware that these special occupation clauses were more abused than any others. Land was frequently taken up under them by people who had no intention whatever of cultivating it, but simply for speculative purposes, in order to obtain a footing on another man's lease. If the land was worth taking up at all under these agricultural clauses, he could not conceive any hardship whatever in insisting upon the fulfilment of the conditions attached to them, and therefore he could not support the proposal now before the House. The COLONIAL SECRETARY really thought the hon, member for Greenough ought to be satisfied with the answer he received the other day from the Commissioner of Crown Lands. If the hon. member would fairly consider all the circumstances of the case, he must admit that the Government had already stretched a point in his favour. No doubt these people had suffered Beverly through bad seasons, and the Government recognised that fact when they proposed to allow them to continue to hold their land at the expiration of their leases, although they had not complied with the conditions of those leases thus giving them a privilege which they had never dreamt of. But the hon. member was not satisfied with that, and wanted still greater privileges to be conceded to these people private- ges which the Government could not be fairly expected to concede to any class of the community, to the detriment of the public interests. These lessees were fully aware of the conditions upon which they took up their land, and it could not be said that the Government had treated them illiberally in any way. He hoped the hon. member would see, from the tenour of the debate, that there was a consensus of opinion in the House that the Government had already done all within their power, and all that could be reasonably expected of them, to meet the wishes of the class in whose behalf he had brought forward this motion. He therefore hoped the hon. member would be satisfied, and that these farmers would be satisfied,-especially in view of the encouraging prospects of the season now before them. Mr. CROWTHER said no doubt the Government and the Legislature, when they framed the present regulations as regards these special occupation leases, considered they were dealing very liberally with the holders of them, when they gave them ten years to pay for the land, at Is. an acre per annum- But he did not think they ever calculated what the improvements required to be done would cost. The conditions imposed were such as were beyond the bounds of possibility for any man who entered upon the land (relying upon that alone to enable him to incur the necessary expenditure to carry out as to fencing and as to cultivat- ing. It had been said that, in numerous cases these leases were taken up for speculative purposes. That was a new element introduced into the discussion, and, so far as his <>wu district was concerned, there was no truth in it, at any rate as regards the large majority of leaseholders, who had taken up the land with the honest intention of making a living out of it, and of doing some good for themselves, and in doing good for themselves doing the same for the colony. If they had failed to do this, it was no fault of their own, out a dispensation of an All- Wise Providence, and, as he had said on a former occasion, it was very hard indeed that these people should be held answerable for the difficulties they had to contend with, simply in consequence of these visitations of Providence, and although any default of their own. Mr. MARMION thought the Government might be fairly asked to show some exceptional consideration towards those who had proved that they had taken up the land with a bonus fide intention of com- plying with the regulations, and with an honest determination to carry out the conditions imposed upon them. He did not think the Government would find any difficulty in finding out what lines had such intention, and who had not In the case where a man had not resided on his least, for in stance, or even built a homestead with the intention of residing on it, he would show no consideration whatever and if they were to start Upon that basis, and apply that test as to the bona fides of these men, they would separate the corn from the chaff very quickly. Having done so, he thought they might fairly draw a distinction between the consideration which ought to be shown towards those who had honestly endeavoured to carry out the conditions of their leases, and those who had shown no intention of doing so, but who had taken up the land in the first instance merely for speculative purposes, and with the full intention of evading the law. He therefore hoped, if it was within the power of the Government to do so, they would adopt in part, if not in toto, the principle suggested by the hon. member who had brought forward this resolution. The House then divided upon the question, with the following result : Ayes 8 Noes 10 Majority against. 2 Ayes : Messrs. Crowther, Burges, Carey, Marmion, S. S. Parker, Higham, Grant, and Hamersley, foes: Lord Gifford, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Fraser, Mr. Venn, Mr. Brown, Mr. Randell, SirT. C. Campbell, Mr. Glyde, Mr. Shenton, and Mr. Steere. The motion was therefore negatived. Stamp Act. Amendment Hintz. The House then went into committee' for the further consideration of the Stamp HilL Clause 45, imposing an ad valorem duty oil con- veyances on sale of land, including transfers of leases of Crown lands, in addition to the transfer fee of 10s. now charged upon each such transfers : Mr. MARMION said hon. members would have observed that, though a member of the select committee to which the bill had been referred, he had demurred to that part of the report of the com mitee which recommended that transfers of leases of Crown lands should be stamped with an ad- valorem duty, and it was his intention, in order to ascertain the feeling of the House on this subject, to submit this clause to the test of a division. Before doing so, he would give his reasons for opposing the recommendations of the select committee in this matter. He thought it would be admitted that it had always been regarded as a wise principle in that House, to facilitate, as far as practicable, all legitimate dealings in land, and to hamper such transactions with as little expense and trouble as possible. That principle was fully recognised by that House when it adopted the present Transfer of Land Act, which was introduced and passed for the special purpose of facilitating dealings in land, and reducing the expense connected there with to a minimum. All at once, however, it seemed to have dawned upon the mental vision of some hon. members that it would be wise to depart from this principle. He was afraid he could see in this departure another attempt to aim a blow at that bogie which seemed to haunt some hon. members-the bogie of ' land jobbing.' He regarded it as simply another effort made to prevent legitimate speculation in land. For his own part he considered that dealings in respect of the transfer of leases were as legitimate as dealings in regard to real estate, and he did not think those hon. members who were so desirous of checking speculations inland really considered how much the country was indebted to such speculations, how much it owed to this terrible bogie of 'land-jobbing,' as it was called. They seemed to forget that it was owing to this spirit of speculation that some forty millions of acres of land were now leased in the Kimberley district, and that this colony derived something like 420,000 during the last two years in land revenue and expected to receive £30,000 next year, from the same source. It did appear to him strange that hon. members should regard this as an opportune time for imposing a heavy penalty upon the transfer of leases, and of checking a spirit of speculation which was doing so much to benefit the colony. What did it matter to that House, what did it matter to the Government, what did it matter to the colony, who paid the rents due in respect of these lenses ? What difference did it make whether A or B, or C or D contributed to the Treasury the amount which the State thought fit to charge for leasing its lands ? If A originally leased the land, and he transferred it to B, the probability was that B had more means to carry out what would be of greater benefit to the colony than A had. He hoped the committee would hesitate before it sought to check and to hamper any such legitimate dealings in land, by imposing any unnecessary penalty upon them. It could not be said that the select committee were induced torecoinniend this penalty with a view to increase the revenue, for that was not the object for which the bill was referred to them. Nor was it the object of the Government. The noble lord on the Treasury Bench, when making his financial statement, congratulated the House and congratulate the country upon the fact that, notwithstanding the increasing liabilities of the colony, there was no necessity to have recourse to any increase of taxation, but that, on the contrary, it was proposed to lighten the burden of taxation, and especially so with regard to these stamp duties. He did not suppose it would be of much use for him to trespass any further upon the time of the committee, as hon. members had no doubt made up their minds on the subject, but, in the event of his proposal to amend the clause as he now asked it should be amended (by excluding transfers of leases from its operation being rejected, it was his intention, at a later stage of the bill, to move in another direction towards the attainment of the same object, and he trusted he should then, on the ground of common justice and fairness, be able to carry with him a majority of the committee. This was an increase of taxation which had never been contemplated either by the Government or by that House, until it was suggested to them by the select committee to whom this bill was referred. The hon. member then formally moved that the words "and also a transfer or assignment of a lease of any lands," be struck out of the clause. The ATTORNEY GENERAL said he might state at once, on behalf of the Government, that it was not their intention in any way to strike a blow at what the hon. member had termed ' land jobbing,' or land speculation. The hon. member described land-jobbing as a bogie; by which he presumed the hon. member meant to say that it was a phantom that it had no actual existence. If so, he was not prepared to say that the hon. member was not right. But, if land jobbing had no existence, if it was a mere phantom, was not the hon. member somewhat inconsistent in charg- ing the Government with wishing to strike a fatal blow at that which really had no existence The hon. member's bogie reminded him of the ghost in Hamlet, and, in the words of Marcellus, We do it wrong, being so majestical, To offer it the show of violence ; For it is, as the air, invulnerable, And our vain blows malicious mockery. As to saying that, by imposing this stamp duty on transfers we were striking a blow at legitimate land speculation, the hon. member might as well say we were dealing a fatal blow at leases by sub- jecting them to a stamp duty ; or at mortgages, for they also had to be stamped. Why, in fact, should they be twitted with striking a blow at any principle, simply because it was proposed to bring it within the operation of this bill ? All the Government said was this we require a certain amount of revenue, and this appears a legitimate source for obtaining it.' He ventured to say that what his noble friend had said with reference to increasing taxation was, that there was no intention to largely increase it, in any way, but that it was proposed to lighten it in some directions, and, having done so, it would be necessary to make it up in some other way. This was exactly what was proposed to be done with reference to this bill. It was intended to reduce the duties on mortgages to a considerable extent, and, in order to recoup the revenue, it was necessary to impose a duty upon something else and he maintained that these land transfers would be a perfectly legitimate source of duty. He thought it was quite as equitable a duty as the duty upon leases, or mortgages, or conveyance on sale. Mr. CROWTHER would support the clause. The object of the select committee, he presumed, was to adjust the incidence of taxation under the bill submitted to them, without at the same time reducing the actual amount of revenue which it ought to bring in. He thought, as they had reduced the duty on mortgages, a corresponding duty ought to be imposed on something else, and for his own part he thought these transactions (the transfer of leases which, in nine cases out of ten were profitable transactions, might fairly be charged with some of the duty now removed off mortgages. Mr. MARMION said, when he alluded to land jobbing as a bogie, he did not mean a phantom having no real existence, but a bugbear a real live bogie that frightened some hon. members, as bogies frightened little children. For his own part, as he had already said, he stood in no dread of this spectre, which, to his eye, appeared a very harmless one indeed. As to the proposed stamp duty on transfers, he thought it was somewhat inconsistent to reduce the duties on mortgages and place them on transfers, as very often leases were transferred in consequence of temporary em- barrassments, simply as a collateral security, and there was already a transfer fee of 10s. charged upon each transfer. Mr. STEERE thought the proposed duty a very fair and legitimate duty. The same duty was in force in New South Wales and Queensland, and the transfer fees in those colonies was a guinea. Mr. CASEY said, if the select committee had not recommended this duty, it was his intention to have suggested it himself. The COLONIAL SECRETARY regarded the proposed impost as a most legitimate one, and it was only through an oversight that it was not introduced in the bill of last year. There was no intention on the part of the Government to aim a blow at land speculation in any way. The danse was then agreed to as printed, the amendment, being negatived on the voices. The remaining clauses were passed without discussion. Mr. li li! ft', in order to meet an objection raised by the Ihm. member for Greenough, when in committee mi the bill the other day, moved the following new clause, with a view to lessen the difficulty of dealing with bills of exchange sent, unstamped, by country clients to merchants and others in town : \- Every banker into whose hands any bill of exchange or promissory note, other than a bill of exchange or promissory note payable upon demand, comes before it is stamped, may, if he pays or negotiates such bill or note, affix thereto a proper adhesive stamp or stamps of sufficient amount, and cancel every stamp affixed thereto, and may, upon so doing, pay the sum in such bill or note mentioned and charge the duty in the account against the person from whom he received such bill ornate, or de- duct such duty from the said sum, and such bill or note shall, so far as repeats the duty, be deemed good and valid." Trespass, Fencing, and Impounding Bill. This bill was recommitted, and some verbal amendments were made in it. Industrial Schools Act, Amendment Bill. The ATTORNEY GENERAL, in moving the second reading of this bill, said, although a very short one, he thought it would prove a very useful measure. Hon. members were aware that, under the Industrial Schools Act, the Governor was empowered to direct that juvenile offenders, who were considered too young to be sent to prison, might be sent to any institution certified under that Act (such as the Orphanages), if the managers were willing to receive such offenders into their establishment. But, for obvious reasons, the directors of these charitable institutions were often unwilling to receive these black sheep within their fold, and it therefore became necessary to appoint an institution for the reception of these juvenile criminals, to which they might be sent without the consent which is required under the present Act. It appeared to the Government that no place would answer this purpose better than the Rottnest reformatory, and all the present bill proposed doing was to enact that that establishment shall be constituted an institution within the meaning of the Industrial Schools Act, and that the person in charge of the reformatory shall be the "Manager" thereof, for all the purposes required by the said Act. The bill was read a second time, sub silentio, and and its committal made an order of the day for Tuesday. Adjournment. The House adjourned at 11 o'clock p.m. until the following day. 