Wit ami iii&ir.; ''Ma,' said a joung lady, 'what is the reason thoy print ' laughter ' every now and then m the spccchcs of M.l'.'s ?' ?'So the reader will know when to laugh, my dear. Nobody would ever think of laughing w hen reading a member of Parlia ment's tpcich unless laughter was suggested,' The chatming Madame 'V . atthe coast changes herdressen three or foui Limes a day. Walking one day along the beach she meets a friend who does not bow to her. 'Well, don't you rccognifc mc ? ' she exclaimed ; and the other answered : ' Oh, 1 beg pardon ; but as you had on the same dress as two hours ago, I did not believe it could be you.' ' A fashionable but ignorant young lady wanted a costly ramcl's-hair slaw 1. but her husband bought her u cheap imitation eiiicle. On examining it she found the name of the manufacturer en cne corner, and wanted to know what that was. 'That?' raid the hufband. ' Oh, that's the name of tbe camel of whose hair the shawl was made:' The wife takes great pride in her shawl, and has no doubt of its genuineness. Alexandre Dumas was among the most decorated of authors, lie was often twitted lor the number of patents of chivalry which were lying on bis secretaire, and for the crosses, stars, and coloured ribbons artistically ranged on the chimucy pieee of his study. ' Why, my dear Dumas,' cxclaimed one of bis friends, who deplored in sccret the emptiness of his own buttonhole, ' what do all these baubles remind you of ? ' ' Oh ! of tbe fable of the fox and the grapes,' retorted the author of ' Monte Cristo,' ? putting his interlocutor to confusion. A prominent clergyman, happening cne day to pas-s by tlie open door of. a room where his daughters ar.d Eome young friends were assembled, thought, from, what he heard, that they were making too free with the character of their neighbours. When the visistors left, he gave the children a lecture on the sinfulness of scandal. They an swered, ' But, father, what shall wc talk abouc ?' ' If you can't do anything else,' said he, ' get a barrel and roll it about ; that will at least be innocent divcision.' A short time after this, an association of ministers met at his house. Some doctrinal question wits set up for discussion, and it was plain enough that Christian temper was about to be lost in zeal for Christian doctrine. The eldest daughter procured an empty firkin, and, entering the room gave it to her lather and said, ' There, father, roll it about.' ^ One day, whilo Bret Harte and George Augustus Sala we-ie walking arm-in-aim down Bond-street, in London, Sala suddenly said, ' What on earth makes you walk so close to the shop- windows, old fellow ?' ?? To avoid being run into,' replied Harte, grimly. ' The fact is, j our eouutn men wear so many glasses serewe-d into their eves that thev can't see wheie they're going, to save 'cm.' ' Ah ' ' ltpikd the English journalist, serenely. Later in the day, they chanced to be passing the Langham Hotel, whereupon Sala suddenly seized Ilartc by the ami, and bullied him to the opposite side c-f the street. ' Wbiit the dcucc does this mean V Did you see a ghost or your tailor ? ' ?' Well, no,' faid Sala, innocently, as he removed his liat, and inspected it anxiously ; 'hut the fact is that, as wc both wore silk fiats, it wouldn't do for us to slay on that side. There are so many of j cur countrymen at the Langlium, and they are spitting out of the v inflows continually.' 