ROMAN CATHOLIC ABORIGINAL MISSION. The following pastoral letter of the Bishop of Ade laide, Very Rev. Dr. Reynolds, to the clergy and laity of the diocese, Mas read in all the Catholic Churches in the coloay on the ICthinst., Low Sunday. The reading will be repeated next Sunday: THE PASTORAL LETTEI OF CHRISTOPHER AUGUSTINE, BY THE GRACE OF GOD ASD FAVOR OF THB HOLY APOSTOLIC SEE, BISHOP OF ADELAIDE, TO THB CLERGY AND LAITY OF TUB DIOCESE. HEALTH AND BENEDICTION IN THE LORD. j DEARLY BELOVED IN CHIIST. Ever mindful of th» trust given by our Blessed j Saviour. Jesus Christ, to the succeswrs of St. Peter, our Holy Father, Leo XIII., desires to bring the saving tidings of salvatbn to tne poor benighted tribes of Africa, South Ameriqi, and Northern.and Central Australia. To these portions of our vast colony wo wish to call your attention, and to seek your charity in aid of the new mission aiout to be established for the poor neglected aborigine!. We have ever felt it asa reproach that nothing had been done in this diocesi for those poor souls, " who are in darkness and in theshadow of death." We do not mean to attach blame tothose who have gone before us, for we are well awite that the heart of the Venerable Francis JIurphu first Bishop of this diocese, was often moved to estabUh a special mission for the evangelization of the triles of this colony, of the efforts he made in the Titiara district, and of hig endeavours to secure missionaries for the work. The exodus of our people consequent on the opening of the gold-fields of Victoria, soon; frustrated all his hopes of undertaking the work, but in his death-bed he praj-ed that the mission would notbe forgotten. From timo to time something was attempted, but the demands of the new settlements were lo pressing on the limited staff of priests that very littie was accomplished; but from the success of the late father Henterocker'a little mission near Clare, we had every reason to hope that much could be done had wean organised band of mis sionaries to continue the goal work. Whilst, however, this diocese had not been fortunate in the efforts made, the chuch in the other Australian dioceses was signally blessed in the establishment of missions to the natives. Thcfc of Jloreton Bay, under the Fassionist Fathers, Maurite Lensioni and Joseph Snell, had done much until- their efforts were frus trated by the selling of the lant adjoining the settle ment, when, alas! the "white man's habits and selfishness brought destruction in their wake." The organisation of the Spaiish Benedictines in Western Australia, under the .auspices of the Mgr. Brady, first Bishop of Perth, hasbeen blessed with the most consoling results. Bishoj Rudesendo Salvado has brought the native missions of Victoria Plains to such a state that it warrants us i» the hope of the like success where settlements are mide for mission pur poses far away from the influences'of settlers, who too often by their sad example blight the efforts of the most zealous and self-sacrificing nissionaries. In March, 1840, Bishop Brady vas appointed Vicar Apostolic of the settlement at Port Essington. He Bent Father Angelo Confalioneri,' together with the Catechists, Messrs. James Fagan aid Nicholas Hogan, to attend to the spiritual wants of Wie settlers and to establish a native mission in that cCuntry which now forms our Northern Territory. The vessel was unfor tunately wrecked off Torres Straits.,, Father Confal ioneri and the captain were the sole survivors of that expedition. For three years this holy missionary laboured single- handed for the poor natives. He has left much valuable information about their capacity for instruction and the prospect of an organised effort for their civilisation. He fell a victim to his hard labors in 1849, and . with him _onded the mission of Port Essington. The appointment of a bishop, it is true, was made for Port Essington in 1854, but the Home Government decided upon the abandonment of that settlement, and the bishop, aud party were destined for other fields of labor. .. " - ? We have ever felt, dearly beloved in Christ, a great interest in" the native mission of North and Central Australia. Tho reports of the various noble explorers sent out by. this colony since 1859 have impressed us more and more with our responsibility to make some effort for the poor neglected aborigines. In our recent visit to Rome we met the venerable missionary, the Rev. Duncan MacNab, whose labors have been so fruitful in the colony of Queensland. His reports of the visits made to the confines of our colony, towards the centre of the continent, not only endorse all that others have written of the tribes, but give the additional assurance that a mission awaits the Church in that portion of our pastoral care. With the band of priests heretofore at our disposal we could not think of undertaking such a work. After long and prayerful consideration, the Vicar of Chri6t exhorted us to make an effort to secure aid from some of the religious orders to help us in this work, he praying at the same time that " God might bless the undertaking, and reward those who would aid us spiritually and temporally in so holy an undertaking for the greater glory of God and the salvation of souls." We rejoice, therefore, in making known to you that God has graciously blessed the beginning of our efforts. The fathers of the Society of Jesus have taken up the mission; nay, more, that the diocese of Ade laide is singularly favored in having from its priesthood those who are so willing to sacrifice themselves for an undertaking so full of labor and trials. The Very Rev. Anthony Strele, who has. labored so piously in this diocese for the past 14 years, is appointed the superior of the new mission. The Rev. John E. Niebaur, the zealous pastor of St. Mark's, Port Pirie,' has also been accepted for the work. In the steamship Amalfi we expect the Rev. John Francis O'Brien, a native of our city of Adelaide, together with two young Australians, who have also engaged for the said holy work of our native mission. We are not, dearest brethren in Christ, unmindful of the exceptions that some may take to this effort to bring the graces of our holy religion to the poor neglected savage; nor of the cry of the "many calls' made for the establishment of our churches, convents," and schoolsnor the unfavorable seasons from which we have been suffering-the recent visitation of a por tion of the North has. familiarised us with the severe trials by which a number of our people have been afflicted ; nor are we insensible to specious pretexts made use of, to try and justify our neglect of those poor souls to save whom Jesus Christ our Lord died. Such motives and reasonings, how specious soever we may think them, will not stand at His judgment seat. Let us not, therefore, be deceived by them in neglect ing a duty incumbent upon us as a Christian people. We, therefore, confidently appeal to your charity, and ask your aid to establish this mission ; our con fidence is from God, who has begun the good work, and will bring it to a happy completion. We are con fident because we appeal to you "in the name of Jesus Christ our Lord." If you have much, give abundantly; if but little, give also a little. . t The outfit of the. missionaries, passages, farming implements, etc., necessary for a'settlement will be at once required, as it is desirous to start ere the rainy season sets in. .We purpose, for some while at least, to make the neighborhood of Port Darwin a centre of operation, then towards the Ledwick River, and thence we hope to keep: communication with the mission of Western Queensland, which places are looked upon as good centres of the tribes. But this is a mere pre liminary plan that circumstances may cause to be changed as soon as the missionaries enter on their, work. To meet these requirements we direct by- these let ters Very Rev. and Rev. brethren to aminge for a" col lection at each of the masses in their respective, churches and school chapels, on the third Sunday after Easter, feast of the patronage of St. Joseph, and ask them also to appoint collectors to receive the names as . well as the alms of the faithful, that the names of such benefactors may be kept in the records of the mission for the evangelisation of the aborigines. : ' We direct these letters to be read in all churches on Low Sunday and following Sunday, in those places where it may be necessary; and request the clergy to aid oiir efforts l>y explaining the nature of such under taking, and exhorting their flocks to almsgiving. Our Holy Father, Pope Leo, has sent us a special benediction on the new work. Slay the Grace of our Lord Jesus be with you, and the charity of the Holy Ghost., Amen. (JIIKISTOrllER AUGUSTINE, Bishop of Adelaide. Octave of the Resurrection of Our Saviotir, 1882. 