Dr IHENRr IENDALL. HE was young whten he entered that sphere, Whoere the pleasures of sin are attained; And a devil enase close to his ear, And whispered, and tempted, and gained. On tile world with tim eyes of a child He looked. It was little he knew; And the sharks who were after him smiled With joy at the plunder in view. By chance he was suddenly placed Where life is a fever-a flame, And plausible rascals made hlnste To rob him, and bring hiim to shame. From green quiet forest-lands hurled Into city, hIe needed a guide; But Ihe hadn't a friend in the world,| To thrust the black tempter aside. one had money-a fortune indeed: But maney meant rain to Ihim, For hto followed a blood.suckisng breed Into dons of hdqaity-dim. At tables of cards asd of dice, He wasted his means; and he know But the glare and the glamour of Vice In nights full of glittering dew. Ah I often Ihe lingered in tears, While morning walked over the sea, And thought of the beautiful years, When his mates were the torrent and tree. But ever Achitophol stood, With shining Aholah behoeen Tiet spirits of evil and good ; And the past became brightness unseen. One day when the drink smothered thought, He met with a sharper named Holt ; And, maudlin and muddled, hia buglt A big, but an ill-looking colt. But a stable- lad whispered, "Depend On my word, there is stuI in The Saud ; He will win a great race in the esnd ; flaut Holt doesn't know ho toas blood." In a moment of trouble supreme, When worried hy creditors coarse, oP fleshed odn his heart like a beam e thlought of the boy and the horse. And full of fine purpose, ihe said "I will cast tll foul devil away, And load the white life tlhat I led In the light of the happy old day." Next morilng he spoke to the youtlh s; And the boy rubhd hehlsands in Iis glee,. And said--with his eyes full of truth "Just lekyo him, my master, with mo ol The colt must come out at Iis best ; And wlhen saddle and rider ere up, He will make tie fast Star of thle Vest, And the rest of them, move for 'The Cup.'" The lup.was the mre of tIsa year, And twenty grand Ihorsese were in. "ThFe Sud,' cried the "touts" with a sneer, "Is sure to be last In the ' spin.' " But owner worked hard with the lad ; And palo was the sufferer's face : The chnce was the last that Ihe had He had hazarded all'on the race. TIe day of the meetitg was dark Wilth bitter wild winddrivena rain "The Star Ias come St to Ihe sark," Said the snob, "and Ihe'll win it again I" The betting was brisk, when the horso Of the season came out of his stall, A dozen were backed 0n tise course, But Tie Saud wasn't mentioned at all. The ug fell away in a roar, And the twenty wost otf in a pack; fut soon there was soeen to tso fore, The mare witlh the porpla nsd blaek. fBy Barker's she quickened the pace Witlls a feather.weight close at her side ; "In the ' straight, sho'll be out of the race,' A cluster of knowing one's cried. At the turn of the track, on the grey Young Jones took the running in hand; nut he " died" at the Corner away, And Pyramus led by the Stand. But out by the back of the course, The blood, unaccustomed to yield The Star-the invincible horse- lsan up and showed heels to the "felold." '-But the maro by Olymphs, fromd Jane, Caom on with u rush by tho gato ; And tho Scud dashed alog in tlie rain, And was locked with the Star in the strailht. A thunder of cheors front afar, Met thoetlroe coming amothered with mud .,The llly--th flilly-tio Star. l'- ;;,, The clhestnut-tho filly--tio Sud I' With the Stir on his girt l.rtho sludge, Tlh,Scud under whip attho lost, W6nt flaoslhi by Standriand by Judgo, Wit ia bo?n on him W hitor thai ghost. L Ye, tliere, amid clamoir and chrar, 'Teo colt, full of courago and strogtli;,. SPulled 6fr tho grct race of the ye?r, i i'rbnoi the ! cranck," by th iamll of a lengtlh SAnd there, on that promliicmt day,': The owner fell back at the last, "i And slvcried and fainted away .He hud sulforedso much in the Past, a - Tho stran had bcan heavy indeed, . , And tlh world for some momaits seemed dim; But pyst was.tho seasona sncod- r,' . Tho Scud hid won flhiananda for ]dm. l Suggested by a chapter in Long Odds,.by the late Marcus Clarke, :: .; ;, . 