OTJE MELBOURNE LETTER. (I'UOM OUR 0WU" COEEESEONEENT). The great bonne bouohe of the session, the BaSway-Bill, is at last almost finished and people begin to wonder what next the ' Government-will undertake. Looking at the notice papent would seem' that they "' wall occupy themselves with purely miscellaneous business- until Thursday 5tli, when'the final consideration of 'tlie Railway Bill - is to be taken; -A -lot of skirmishing -may be expected up to that time, and indeed -longer, for the -Hallway Bill is so loosely put together -that the "officers appointed to consider it technically can' hardly get over then- work. • Prom the brief glance I have given the bill as it was issued on Saturday morning, I think it can only be- compared to the-celebrated - Sebastopol .Plateau: drainage bill of the Major; which had to be-thrown aside as no .one-could make anything of it. What with G.G.'s, D.D.'s, K.K.'s and the like, the present- bill -is remarkable m every respect.- - As to f uturepolitical movements - there is no gossip whatever, though I hear " Sir-John O Shanassy is nursing his wrath *' at Taiu's Hall, and that when, he next appears on the scene lie may break forth ' ' and smash things. What would-happen ' in such an-eventuality I know not, but it would 'lead -to a split up of the Catholic party. -It is well-known that one section of the church favours Sir Bryaiij another ' Sir John, and the quarrel sometimes runs ' high: • I for one would be delighted to see such a split—when the clergy fall out the laity have a show. " * "Very little interest so far is shown in the council elections, save by the personal friends -of the candidates. Dr Beaney, under the guidance of the famous J. S. Butters, has taken an office in Coilinsstreet and fitted it up. "gorgeous like," and it has already become a lounge. The doctor goes m for a regular Liberal pro- • gramme, and his friends hope he will get ' m between • the two - Conservatives. The Age seems-inclined to declare in lus favor, but wavers in doubt as -to whether lie will be - accepted by the Liberal party. That party, or what remains of it,- seems inclined io leaveMelbournealone-and to fight • the wild beasts, of Conservatism, m North Yarra, where they hope to score a win, and there only. The three candidates for Melbourne have each their stronghold. •Dr Beaney trusts to Carlton, Mr Coppm to Richmond, and Mr Ham to Melbourne, and thus the fight will be m every way triangular. - A gentleman who has just returned from the Kelly country, states that never was it more peaceful. All the young bucks have cleared out to Kiverma for the shearing, most of them, says my m- • formant, on stolen horses. There they will sell at the sheds, and return on steeds • similarly acquired,which tliey will sell ill Victoria. • They will thus manage to make a decent profit on the season. The traveller stateB that from what he has heard, ' the spirit of resistance-to the law has by ' no means died out, and lie is; of opinion that the police must keep double watch when the -young men return from the shearing with their cheques. Orgy after orgy then take place, and the blood ofthe clan is roused and warmed with seventy •rodwlnskey. -My informant gave me a copy of a remarkable song he heard sung at a shebeen shop one night. .' It contains " about fifty verses, detailing the darmg 1 deeds of tlie Kelly Gang, all the burden ' bemgasort of "keen"-for the defunct Ned. It 'marvellously - resembles the Dublinstreet ballads in; '08, being as amusingly 'grotesque lnihyme, rhythm andraetaphor,'' the latter being essentially Hibernian. ; \- ; Mr lisher's- Gammg Bill is a'rentable' -Eisher's :Ghost to- the numerous clan of. Oraelcsj 'Orions,-'Adamastors and the like, r who think their occupation will be gone. ' I.notieed alot of these present when the " •bill was-discussed, .aud already; they are " . •canvassing members. They do say that ' efforts will be made to " persuade" a majority of tho House, and one •",sweepist"4iaB declared no such bill will- ! . be carried while lie has a " • thousand' •to spate, it " However, 1 think the. 31 bill has a fair*chance of being earned 1 if-" f persevered in, especially if fnend PisTifet 'does plenty of (talking, for members dread ! his eloquence and lus eye, and retire to their couclies or' the whjskey shops. 'Thisiremindsimeiofwliataalirewd .fellow said,to>me one jwght last week, when the House waaimaB. uproar over some choice tu gvoguelanguage. ^Depend upon it," there's a lot o' good whiskey Mr Dowie continues ills campaafrn the Old Gentleman -and l£e.SV iBkey mills, but he met ivifch a rather '; disagreeable adventure the other evening.' He was holding if orth -in front ofa nd admohislung the licensee "to abjure •' —is occupation and iobe born again, -when, t, lie was saddonly drenched mih a pail full r hotelkeepers are i ' S fi getting their Mioses in-order wth. a view tf>, baptists the enthusiasts The troubles in Ireland, are felt else' where than m that country. For years a mdovr; lady and < her daughters Jived i.11 comparative coaifurfc vu'Melboiimc on the xeoia^t a,small property m /Ireland wliiclic belonged the 4poeajH?4 Iitisl>Mid fairer,' -Since jthc, .begtujmig- of-, the Jjand League agitation ttyefanuly ,have-received little, if- any rent,^.nd the'consequence ib that three refined and gentle ladie? liaye become destitute,.s^nd are.compelled to eke out a miserable.exiefceuce on seeing, poor, woman's only resource 'yi'hcn pvertaten by .the grjw ,wolf' jvliose.pneseHce^t the door,<iTsn.!spnra «s pivfcoworlt:,: HfHuhharm have these poor women done.to xhe people, of Ireland, unA what- right- have the tenants -to, use» their.property and to pay rnothmg f^r.,j.t2- .caU',Jt-,i'obbpry of the, grossest -ch^raatw, ,- We , are told in tlie. Bible what: ,-yv,Ul-beopiue.,of. those; who oppress, and, .defrAud -the jvidow and the Judge, will,: jn;good- time, deal out retribulu« justice The question pf the stone to be used for the front of.the .Parliament Houses is to be.C0Wiidered-i»;&jfejw; 'daya, and Ivwuld like,,jfco..jsee it -earnestly -approached, would not haw 'the Grampian stone at any pripeywhen-sueh njappjificent-material exiutS'CiBOWjiere- I have seen a specimen of the-marble found m the Bogongdisfcriet, ancl jfc. is 3)3 good as the best marble:! have Been. ---X ayi a-hdj told it would not.'fiost much a$ GaamjJiarretoiie, and it would be everlasting and a thing of beauty for ever, whereas., .the; latter wiU'he-the reverse, There us also the . beautiful, and imposing Hatcouct gramtp, a.uplendidvBtone, - but I believe it would, be more costly than either of the ofheis Thws is ^httle -humor. iin. our lamtans after alL ; Jjast Sunday »a lot of-them, after ascertammg that Policemen M-Guflm and M'Ouflim were " upon the watch," assembled in a mob,in one of the paddocks; apparently as jf engaged'm a pnze fight. Thp two- bobbies jumped with joy, aud efcarfed off at a run'Ho effeet a glorious capture. - ' But to their surprise there was iwi the usual scatter, and when they came upon the-scene ione,-of the larrikins was taadvug a tract In the evident edification of the throng. Wliat could the police do, exoept. reUve re confusion. Tlie same little game.'wjas carried on iue whole afterjiooii, -and three several times the -police were .".sold" When the trick was tried: tlie 'fourth tori eihe guardians of tliepeaeo took no notice And walked ofi: to -hear an open an - preacher, who announces his perfor/nances . by- the , sound of . trumpet:. Th<in.the- two combatants, who: it 'seems had quarrelled oil Saturday-night about a laralaness, dofied.£heir:qlothes and liada hearty jboat without the slightest fear: of interruption., < I heard oiie latTikm narrate the little jgame.to.another in Bourke-stroet on-Monday .«ight while I was waiting for a friend. "That's how we did the—— coppers' was the conclusion of the elegant and adjectival narratiye. - . - , ; - Mr Sheridan having,:found -that: the legitimate drama does not go down has taken to melodrama; -and with better success. -H -the jiioqiifcaift will not come to Mahomet, Mahomet must go to the mountain ; if . the people will not rise to the level ofjtlie; tragedian; ithe tragedian must lower himself to then 1 level. TJiatis what Mr Sherida.il' lias done.„ He appeared on Saturday night iu an entirely- new. inelo. drama,' ?f,pPhe,;I(yonB .SIailj" r which is a dram&ttcatoi;} of.a,; tlmUiue incident that occurred in. the last century, lie takes the.part of a-^reftt BrnH«ial| wviethiag of; the; JMaeaire type, i • I, must • notice that a young:,tfeUow.named .^lueeut ivUo has played.secottd.jo Mr Sheridan during the »ea»oiv has .showed marked excellence, .1 dopbt will .yet he heard of . as a leading, tinaa* \:There . (vas a good- house, and tjie nlay .6eemed to please. Mr and Mrs Polk 3 appeared- at the-, Princess m a sort of - farpe .' comedy, - entitled- " The Strategist.'' ; It,,.supplies ; two., hours of really, good ,fun, for Mr Polk is a,-good actor, and Mrs Polk jimgB extremely well after a certain-style.. Altogether, although it is..not of lugh order, I tlnnk it ehould go and the actora prove- popular. On Saturday . ihe .fiwiss Ean';at the Emerald Hill Town Hall was opened by. the Chief J ustiee, and there was a large^asseroblage of foshipnables. Sonap very ,pretty spring dresses were worn, and I wish, I could describe fjiero for, your,lady readers, but the task ;is beyond ,iue. There is a sort of etrpet with Swiss houses on each side, terminating • in a really good paintmg of Swass scenery, with tlie snowy Alps m tile liackgtfjuud. The fair m vpU worth a imt Mr Winch ihas washed his Imuds of the Police CpmmiBsion,;not;hking Uie liurmlaations heluis met with before that august body, aud.Jie^is now,about -to ;aak for an ofljcial. board.: ^The mostdangerouscharge ma^e.js jfcjiat -winch appears m tiie evidenoe of .Constable Weldon, . tliat-Mr Wutvfv ,was, at, the houfse .pf a certain "Madame Biussel", mid tued to hide himaejf. ,Mr Wmch, oji the other, h^nd, endeavours.to make out that he was there on . duty, and , called the far famed " lanjlim " , fie^geaul,.Dalton, • ; to prove this.. .,,3?he,;cliairmaii,. however, , doubted v/hether, : the - sprgeant find,; Weldon did not refer to .djfferent dates. Hovi'ev<ir, the ,Tvhflle «flajr m JseinarUable; . and Jfc Wmcli; desprpcB some fiympathyto bo thus ha4gered after.thirty; years ,good iserviee. Tiie.Cpmmie^ioii .werp very gevere oft Mr "Winch,, .especially.;Mr -0ixon ;-. who made repeatflthrtisfce at him. Slpwlyj very slowly, the : contributions m favour, 'of Ake ,Working Man's.College are coming-JU, valid doubt the wisdom .of the undertaking, though respectinf! Sfc Ormopd?s grand mptive. -These, colleges may.,be .a^yepess<m Efigland, -but swe ipu§ J'emember.iliatiAustralian .workmen are not English ;workpien., vm " darned independent" lifie X have had the opportunity, o£ ta'ihjjKj. to a smmber of artisans, and ,they do ; not ^peak warmly about the project. Wliy, they ask, should class 4jJ3tmctiona :be make \ ,Miy should all the educational establishments of. the eolojiy from tjie University jrgt ,be open to/^veryone, and why should work-, men /have «special;lustjtutioju-, :tPto real fact.,is . .tliat; a .wnstake Jias been made m the J£ it wae called "TJie Technological Institute,",:all- would^be well, and ft would be a success from-the beginning An .rEiaphiyjnent-.Institute ,k(jepei" Jnfoips me flf s, practice tfcil Jms giown up w)iiphit,,i« hoped; will -be,,nipped, m.ihe hud, and winch ami only hp,v(3 heeu eutflrr tamed(monsters, v A,.well-idrflssed genile»an ;^allfl ,at 41ie fl&ae-and.;^applie foi A pj3I?ant oi kousekpepei Having i SLOII ?ev)ej»J, he wakes s,ppojivt«lB»ts at divejs places, ^ud njipn lie uieels the womeivjirpceedB^ to »)ake .diBgpaepfulipro'- liosaJs tyiihem. Sn soi^p eases iam told the fiends Jj^vp jsitpceeded. They Jiavp l)iobi])ly adppled jdw^uisen „ , Tins psed once to be a jractiee in Pans The defectives! .are m ihe lookout foi fcyiaof these entp)pwpwg an4 "highly ic^ppctable squatteis " . l am. told the > Deteet^s' r-oom, jin ,th Detective ^iee jfijat present little better than a dismal place, for 4>ne lialf -the men don't talk- to the etliei, there is fight ing all alpng -the ,lme, from ihe ^hief flown- Is it not time fov the Gpyernme»t to iqke «p the rpcojistruption of, ihe force and to -chepk the pouise fucsdnyj. Within the! past few days I .have heard it (mentioned that >iu all probability ilie posiboi) of Broihonelaiy wilkfee^giyejiio Mi <lwnt,' 'tlie .Ohief >! Sepretajy, oil dindition? i 'I'mif^Mi^ tear it, Mr Oi/Lut atiixives'well 'of tlie-cojony, ^nd I fin convinced t£ the Government gtve 3Aii the pssjtion, ilieie -will not be a dissentient voice. It is understood that Mr DavifljffairoBiJu was oflbped the .positioB. Mr^Jaunsoa as, however, wnbtiioBg^ and besides lie w -at present doing•a ^pleiidid 5 taints feteiitsoji is, isroderstand,; to pursuers ealUisf u»t)i he "inakeB a/ permahent (wnuectwa 'Hies, -he will ojiee Kiore take tlwiield, ^JJm .intention isitohe Piiino Minister of 'IVietom?' /HEtfjiow »there js quite iwieraiofi^peculoiion m Vidtim. JThs •Mmi4nanilestfttwn js an explaraUon of tha " unkwwiv .province" of Grippsland A party has heeu mads up tms week to go to the Dargo Plainsj to inspect the possibilities) tlieie, xod at present a project is on fool to open ihe piarble (juarriee that esist, spmevyheje iipaji Omeo It is thought -that the.Government,^saji.J/e .pprsyaded^$o ,^isakp a- wad from.i,he quarpies tp; Omeo,- men who know the country say that by cutting in Eiduigs ja. ^capital,,road can be jnade _int<j Omeo, and ouce that isconstiucted, the marble will dnve^iul of the market that of' -Garrava or any other Italian quany i Mmmg speculation was never so gene-: rally active as it is at the present time, ;apd it is eKtenduig, For years tamers •lija-ve been aware >,that nc)i wflsh exist? under the basalt of the Dargo High Plains, Gippslandj -about 25 unlos from, Harnetville, but the want of .capital has kppt back enterprise. Mr Murray, the " sologist, lias said that the dream of j^he -ippsland miner is ^ test the head source' i the. Darj»o Rivei', a^id the -basaltic •ptateau from whiclv.the ^oid foaiid in the 1'iver is supposed to; have come. . It is not -Jijkcly this,will be long .delayed, for a coro- -pfiiiy has been iormed, the Alpine Deep Iieads Company, jvitli ja papital pf £25,000; tip thoroughly, prospect the plateau., The; wadi, wluchis 20ft$luck, will l5e worked from the river, so that deep sinking will be avoided, while the precipitous.-ehai-actei of the countiy permits the gieatest Iiydiaulic power The company is in as course of,being floated,aud if it js successful, of which there seems no doubt, it Will be the opetiuig up of the great ttttexplcrad province of Alpifie. Gipjjsland. I may also mention that a new Jiong Tisnnel -mine.has been started with every prospect of success Altogether "mines is in " The new actress, Mri Polk, -at the Princess'is a character m Jier way. On her first appearance -the audience wererapturous aver her singing. The orchestra," however, were at fault. She sang a Scotch song m. response to an encore. The orchestra suddenly stopped, thinking she had finished. . Thereupon' Mrs Polk adyauced . to the footlights'and said, loud enoupli lo be heard Ijy all the audience, "Go on, can't you.',' The excitement'of the audience : was very , great, and. .elieer after cheer followed, and I never saw such iexcitement in a theatre before; . From that moment Mrs Polk established her-, self as first favourite. - 