RICHARD BUTLER'S REVENGE. A STORY OF irish JUSTICE. ' Not goilly. The prisoner is discharged,' said the judge curtly, and accordingly the man whose fate had been hanging in the balance was released, and quitted the dock, casting, as he did so, a look of malicious triumph at Richard Butler, for the murder of whose brother he had just been tried and acquitted. A cheer rang through the court-house, and was taken np by the mob outside, as James Reynolds (better known amongst his associates as Red Jem) came forth to be escorted in triumph to bis honse. Trne the evidence against him bad been clear enough to have convicted him almost anywhere else; trne that not a man on the jory believed him innocent ; trne that the cheering mob rejoiced, not so rnnch at his acquittal, as because he. waB in their belief most certainly guilty. Had they thought him innocent, they -wonld not have cared very much whether he were acquitted or not As it was, the jnryflared not convict him, and the mob exulted in his release because he had shot his landlord. What did they cire that Reynolds ' was idle, ignorant, and drunken ; that , he had ."again and again broken the .conditions- under which he held hiB jlarm ; thathe paid no vent for : three years ; -ana that the land -wee tot becoming worthless I His fenfUpn J»4 evicted him, and that in their eyes was sufficient to justify the murder. Richard Batler returned the murderer's glance with a look of such relentless hate and stern determination that the ruffian quailed before it, and did not feel quite at ease until he found himself surrounded by his shonting friends; nor did he think it advisable to remain much longer in the neighbourhood. There was, of course, no chance of his being reinstated in the farm he had held on the Butlers' estate ; no other landlord in the vicinity cared to take him as a tenant ; and for a time he vanished, regretted, it must be acknowledged, by few. Richard Butler reigoed in his brother's stead, and, undeterred by the "warning conveyed by his predecessor's fate, reigned as bis brother had done, justly and liberally, although justice nor liberality gained for him popularity. An excellent practical farmer, having learned the busi ness in Scotland, he laid down rules — and, moreover, insistedon their observance — the undoubted benefits of which an ignorant and prejudicial tenantry were unable to appreciate. Almost every im provement which he caused to be carried ont, even though paid for by himselfj was looked npon as a vexatious interfer- ence with the customs of the people, who, before the Butlers came into pos session of the property, had lived under the rale of one of the good old- fashioned squires, who rained himself and half his property by allowing everybody to do exactly as they pleased, so long as they paid a certain amount of rent ; and hard indeed was thought the case of the un fortunate tenant who was expected to pay additional rent, because his landlord chose to bnild bim a decent house to live in, in lien of a tumble-down cabin hardly fit to shelter the cow which stood In the corner. ' Share the ould cabin was good enough for my father and my grandfather before me, and it wonld have lasted out my time.' However, the landlord went on his way, caring rather too little, perhaps, for the prejudices of his tenants, feeling con fident that in the long run they wonld discover the benefits arising from the changes which they disliked so much, and, had no outside influences been at work, it is very possible that his hopes might before long have been fulfilled. He was, however, an active and ener getic magistrate, in which capacity he had, naturally enough, made himself ex ceedingly obnoxious to the members of those secret societies which at that time (for £ am writing of a period many years ago)did, and unfortunately in the present day still continue to do, so much mis chief in Ireland. He was in consequence a marked man, the greatest pains were taken to infuse discontent amongst his tenantry, and only a favourable oppor tunity was awaited to deal out to bim his brother's doom. About three years after Reynold's ac quittal, that worth; re-appeared in the vil lage. He had no apparent meansof liveli hood nor, did he seekany, bnt was, neverthe less, well-dressed, lived quietly and com fortably at the inn, and was always fairly well supplied with money. In fact, he was there as the emissary of a Riband society, his mission being to obtain recruits from amongst Butler's tenants, and to put that gentleman out of the way on the first convenient occasion. Of course he did not parade his errand about the place, for though brutal and ignorant, he did not want for shrewdness. He knew most of the people on the estate, for there had not been many changes duriDg his absence, yet he had been hanging about for nearly a month, cirefnlly keeping out of Mr. Batter's way, before anyone knew what his busi ness there was. His first recruit was a man named Tom Horan, one of those semi-savage beings who are to be found in all com munities, almost devoid of moral sense, ready to carry out with absolute fidelity the orders he might receive from anyone who would provide him with a living without requiring him to work for it, yet sufficiently cunning to hold his tongne, even when drank, as to anythiog which might tend to get either himself or his employers into danger. One or two others, more or less of the same stamp, were enlisted, but Reynolds wanted to get .hold of some of the better class, as his superiors showed dissatisfaction with the stamp of his recruits, and fortune at last gave him the desired chance. A fine smart young fellow named Edward Connor applied to Mr. Butler for permission to bold, as sub-tenant, part of a farm held by a widow and her two sons, giving as a reason that one of the sons was about to emigrate and that he, Ned Connor, wanted to marry the widow's only daughter, a pretty bright- eyed girl of eighteen. Bat the landlord steadily refused. In the first place Dan O'Donnell had fixed no definite time for his departnre, and in the second his reason for leaving was that he did not think the farm sufficiently large to keep the four of them comfortably. Connor was told that be should have the first vacant holding, and that neither he nor Alice wonld be any the worse for waiting a little longer, bnt when is a man in love accessible to reason? He pressed his salt until Mr. Batler grew impatient and closed the discussion somewhat abruptly, so Ned ' turned and went away in a rage,' not very well knowing what to do with himself as he had, rashly enough, given up a good situation on a neighbouring estate before making sure of his new position. In this mood, nnluckily enongh, he met Reynolds, who was not long in finding ont his grievance, and artfully fanned his irritation, until the young fellow felt rather as if he had been turned ont of a good farm than refused permission to take part of an indifferent holding, and as if it must certainly be Mr. Butler's fanlt that he had lost hie employment The conspirator played his part well, plied his victim with whisky, and hav ing succeeded in getting him to an out- of-the-way blacksmith's shop where the Ribandmen held their meetings, swore him in as a member of the society, almost before Connor, who was more than half intoxica'ed, comprehended what he was about The new recruit seemed at first likely to be rather troublesome ; the moraine brought reflection and Connor wopld willingly have undone the work of the previous night and renounced his .con nection with the Ribandmen, bnt Rey nolds knew better than to give him a chance, working iu turns upon his fears by assuring him of the terrible vengeance winch wonld certainly overtake him should he attempt to draw back ; npon his sense of honour by dwelling forcibly upon his duty to those who, by admit ting him to their fellowship, had placed themBelveB in his power; and upon his religions feelings by pointing out the solemn and awful nature of the oath be had taken. By these means Red Jem kept his prey still in the toils, secretly resolving that Ned should at the very first opportunity be engaged in some enterprise which should involve him so deeply that extrication would be im possible. Affairs were in tins position when two strangers took up their abode in tbe village inn where Reynolds lodged. They had the appearance of decent small farmers, and spent their time in walking abont the conntiy and apparently exam ining tbe farms. Two days later, tbe head constable in charge of the nearest station called npon Mr. Batler, andw as closeted with him for some time, and the same night a strong force of police surrounded the blacksmith's shop, searched it from floor to roo£ carried off the smith with another man whom they fonnd there, and lodged them in gaol on a charge of Ribandum. Next day the two strangers, who gave their names as Doyle and O'Neil, had a long conference with Reynolds, the result of which was that a close watch was set npon Richard Bntler's movements. A week, however, passed uneventfully, notwithstanding which most of the people felt that 'something' was about to happen; nor were they in the wrong. Ned CoDner sauntering one forenoon through the village street, met Reynolds walking hastily in the opposite direction. Ab they passed each other the latter slightly slackened his pace, saying as he did so : ' Meet me at The Gangers'Copse at four o'clock,' turning into the village inn, which was close at hand, before Connor had time to reply. The place named by Reynolds (which uerivea us name irom tne tact oi an .unfortunate exciseman having been mardered there, who3e ghost was ssid to haunt the place) was a lonely Bpot between three and four miles from the village, and was situated near the edge of a stretch of bog, across which ran a path, practicable for a pedestrian, but absolutely impassable by horse or car riage. This path formed a short cat to the town of C , to which place But ler had that morning driven by the road which ran round the bog, and did not pass within a mile or more of the haunted coppice ; hat a Riband spy had come across the bog with the news that Batler had met with an accident to his trap in the town, and, as it would take some time to repair, had been heard to say that be should probably walk home across the bog, for he was a first-rate pedestrian and fond of the exercise. A quarter of a mile from the copse Connor overtook Horau, who was slowly walking in the same direction. 'And what brings ye here, Tom Horan ?' ' Red Jem Reynolds to old me to be here at four. It's meself that doesn't like the place ; bnt 'tis no use complain ing, we've got to obey our orders.' ' And what is it be wants ns to do V ' Share you mast ask that question of himself, Ned, for I know no more than yourself.' A short distance farther on they encoun tered Reynolds, who beckoned to them to follow him, and the three men entered the little wood, Connor and Horan fol lowing their leader until they arrived at that angle of the copse nearest the bog, from which it was separated by a rough cart track. A deep wide drain divided the track from the bog, crossed, uearly opposite the spot where the men stood, by a plank bridge. The cart track turned down by the side of the copse and was from thence the nearest road to the village. Without saying a word Reynolds drew from beneath some bushes a long bundle carefully enveloped in waterproof which when opened proved to contain two guns. Still in silence he loaded and capped the weapons, gave one to Horan, the other to Connor, placed the former in ambush close to the corner where the road turned round by the side of the wood, and the latter some three or fonr yards lower down, both however, being so placed that, whilst well concealed themselves, they had a good view of the bridge. Taking a dead branch from the ground he laid it on the track some eight or ten yards from Horan's post, and then for the first time broke silence. 'Him we are waiting for wiU come over the bog and acroES the bridge. When his foot passes that branch, you, Tom Horan, will fire. - You, Connor, mil wait, and not fire unless Horan misses.' Opening his coat he produced a brace of pistols which he carefolly charged, re placed them in his belt, and, rc -buttoning his coat over them, continued : ' After 'tis over yon, Horan, will walk across the bog to C , but don't go there until after dark ; if anyone asks you which way you came, say by the road, and wait at Donovan's till yon hear from me. Ned, you will go back to the vil lage, but not by the way you came ; I shall By , we were none too soon ! Be ready, boys ; here he comes !' In a very short time Connor, whose pulses were throbbing as if the veins would burst, and who would have given anything and everything he possessed to have been somewhere else, saw the tall active figure of Richard Batler coming across the bog towards the fatal spot. Some two hours later, Doyle aud O'Neill were strolling together along the road just ontaide the village ; for awhile they paced np and down without speak ing, at last Doyle, knocking the ashes ont of his pipe, remarked : ' 'Tie about time we had some news.' 'He's maybe a bit late.' ' Sore he can't be much later, for be wonld never cross tbe bog after dark.' ' There's an hoar's daylight yet, and more,' said O'Neill. 'Still, the report was that he wonld leave C at three. Tie bat a short hour's walk across the bog and now it's past six. Suppose we walk along the road a bit ? There's nobody will think anything of if for none of them went this way.' Doyle nodded assent, and the two Ribandmen (for such they were) started, slowly at first, bnt, as if by mutual agree-; ment, no sooner was the last honse ont of right than their pace materially quickened, and in considerably less . than an hoar they reached the copse and stood close to , the drain, gazing across the dreary expanse of bog. Not a firing thing was to be seen, the hoarse croak of a raven sailing slowly overhead was the only sonnd which met their ears, except the Bighing of the breeze amongst the trees. Steal thily they peered into the deep black drain as If expecting to find some tidings there, then in a low voice O'Neill rind, nodding towards the copse as he spoke : ' They can't be waiting there still.' ' Diril a bit,' replied Doyle, Jem wonld have Been ns pass and given the signal.' ' I can't make it ont at all at all,' re joined the other ; ' we had better get back. I am afraid thingB have gone wrong somehow, Jem or Connor most be back by this time.' And, breaking in their eagerness and anxiety into a trot, the two worthies soon regained the village, bnt to receive no tid ings. Neither Reynolds nor Connor had made tbeir appearance ; " on tbe other hand, nothing had been heard of Richard Butler, whose wife seDt down into the vil- . lage, from which their honse was half a mile distant, to ask if he had been seen there. To O'Neill and Doyle the mystery was inexplicable. That Bntler had left C — as he had arranged, they learned from the driver of the mail-cart, which.in its round about course reached the village at eight o'clock that evening. Tbe .man had wished bim good-afternoon and seen him tnrn off the high road towards the bog, yet he seemed to have utterly disappeared ; moreover, a messenger despatched daring the night to C returned with the news that Horan had not made his ap pearance there, so that not only Batler, but Reynolds and both of his comrades remained unaccounted for. The following morning brought no elucidation of the mystery. No farther enquiries had been made from the honse, but it had been carefolly watched all night, and its master had certainly not ; returned. The non-appearance of the three missing Ribandmen might, under ordinary circumstances have occasioned little remark, bnt somehow or other, no- oooy coma exactly say now, strange rumours got afloat. Horan's wife a fiery excitable woman, who hated the Riband men for taking her husband away from ber so often, openly attacked Doyle, in sisting npon being told where her husband was, threatening to give information to the police, and in fact making each a dis turbance that at last (forgetting Reynold's arrangement, for every detail of the plot had been carefully settled between them beforehand, that Horan should go to C ) he angrily told her that she bad better go and look for him in the Ganger's Copse, as the last time he had seen Tom,' he waB walking in that direction. The words were no sooner ont of his mouth than he regretted them, as they betrayed what he was anxions to keep out of sight, some knowledge of Horan's move ments on the previous day, and O'Neill who happened to come np at the moment looked as black as thunder, exclaiming in an undertone : ' Arrah ! How could you be such a burn idiot ! Don't you know the guns are there ? Come along quick ! If these fools are going we had better be the first !' And accordingly off they started, for by this time Mrs. Horan, accompanied and followed by a score or more of curious and anxious neighbours, amongBt the lat ter being pretty Alice O'Donnell, Ned Connor's betrothed, was in full march for the haunted wood. As they hurried forward to reach the head of the rude processiou Doyle asked his companion : ' Do you know whereabonts the gnns are hidden ?' ' Yea ! I chose the place with Jem myself a week ago, and if any of these oniadhauos find them, the police will hear of it and get hold of them for certain. Come along !' With all their haste, howeve-, they only reached the copse some fifty or sixty yards in advance of the maiu body, who, press ing eagerly after them, broke in amoDgst tbe trees, searching in every direction. The two confederates, however, knowing exactly the spot they wished to reach, hastened along the road until they reached the corner of the copse, when O'Neill, who was ahead, poshed through the bushes, saying : ' 'Tis only a few yards from this.' Then with a start of terror, ' Oh, my God ! Look there !' Doyle, who" was close behind him, looked in the direction indicated by his companion, aud then starting back a pace both men stood for a moment as if petri fied. Not three yards from them, on his back, with his gnn still firmly grasped in his hand as if he had been about to nse it clubbed, lay Horan, stone dead, with a bullet through bis heart. ' Where are the others ?' said Doyle in a hoarse voice, and tbe question was partly answered almost immediately, as looking fearfully round they saw, not ten feet from Horan's corpse, another pros trate form. With trembling steps they drew near, and simultaneously recognised Reynolds. He lay face downwards, a dark pool of blood stainiug the gronod abont his head, and bis discharged pistols lying close to him ; lie had been shot through tbe brain, the bullet having passed completely through his head. A minute later the foremost of the other searchers made their appearance, and the wood rang with the wild cries of the women, whilst Mary Horan, kneeling beBide her husband's body, ponred forth the most terrible imprecations upon the heads of those who had enticed him to his death. After the first excitement had a little subsided the same tboDght flashed at once across both O'Neill and Doyle, ' Where was Connor ?' Of all the party they alone knew that he had been with the wretched men who now lay dead before them, and of course they said no word of this to any of their companions, one of whom presently stumbled over a gnn amongst some ferns a short distance from the spot where Reynolds lay. It was : empty, and the Ribandmen knew that it muBt be that which had been provided for Connor's use, bnt beyond this there was no sign or trace of him whatever, and with heavy hearts the comrades left the wood and hnrried away, leaving the rest to , follow with their dismal hardens. A hurriedly-summoned meeting of the Riband lodge was held that night They had, after the raid npon the blacksmith's shed, shifted their quarters to a deserted hut upon a hillside some little distance from the village. A trusted scout was placed outside to watch, and Doyle was in the act of proposing that operations should be snspended until some news could be obtained of Connor, when with I a tremendous crash the door was bant open, and on the threshold, pistol in hand, appeared the tall figure and stem features of Richard Bntler, a dragoon officer with drawn sword by his ride. The conspir ators were all armed, but the surprise was toe complete. Before one of them had time to handle hie weapons the room was crowded with soldiers, whose ready car bines prevented any idea of resistance, nnd in a very few minutes the whole party were mounted npon a conple of cars and proceeding under a strong escort to the nearest jail ; their trusted scout alone excepted, for he, alas ! had sold them. They were tried at the following assizes, and (excepting one or two who turned king's evidence) it was many a long year before any of them revisited tbeir native haunts. The mystery of the deaths of Horan and Reynolds remained unrevealed. An enquiry was of course held, and the hannted copse, which from that day bore a worse name than ever, was most thoroughly searched, but nothing was discovered to throw any light npon the matter. The ball which killed Horan was found, it is true, to fit Reynold's pistols, but the size was a very common one, and a blood-stained ballet cat out oi a tree a tew teet trom where Reynolds fall was found to fit the same bore. One theory was that the men had quarrelled, and that Horan having fired at Reynolds, the latter had shot him and then committed suicide. This, however, did not account for the second gnn. Connor's disappearance created some re mark, and a search was made for him, but without result ; moreover, there was not a shadow of evidence against him and finally the jury returned an open verdict. Mr. Batler had, it appeared, after all passed the night at C . He started indeed on his road across the bog, bnt after proceeding some distance had, he stated, changed his mind and returned, passing the night at the honse of a brother magistrate in the neighbourhood, which he only left on the following day in time to reach the rendezvous and accompany the soldiers on their errand, the traitor having no sooner received his summons to the meeting than he had hastened to send warning both to the magistrates and the military. Alice O'Donnell could indeed have thrown some light upon her lover's absence. A fortnight after his dis appearance a pedlar pasting through the village stopped at O'Donnell'a farm, and, wniisE extolling ms wares, contrived to pass a letter into Alice's hand unseen. It was from Ned himself. Having re solved to renounce the riband conspiracy aud fearing for bis life should his purpose become known, he had fled the conntiy and made his way to England. He was resolved, he said, to go to the United States, and wonld send for Alice as soon as he was settled ; meanwhile he wonld write again before long, and the letter ended with a most earnest injunction to her to preserve the strictest secrecy, which Alice faithfully obeyed, although months passed before she heard from him again. Many a long year elapsed before the fallhistory of the events of that night when Reynolds and Horan met tbeir deaths became known, and then it was but to few that "the facts as I now proceed to relate them were revealed. Connor's feelings as he saw Batler coming across the bridge were most un enviable. He had joined the riband I lodge whilst smarting under a sense of disappointment and fancied injniy, ! beides being under the potent influence of whisky. Want of courage had alone prevented him from breaking the connec tion, and now that he knew the cowardly and mnrderous task in which he was expected to assist, his sonl revolted from it, his bitter feelings towards Butler had passed away, and his impulse as he watched him advancing towards what appeared to be certain death was to shont a warning, regardless of consequences to himself. Whilst he yet hesitated Batler reached the fatal spot. As he did so he tamed his face towards the wood, started, and sprang aside as Horan fired and missed > Connor instantly discharged his gun at random, and the next moment with a spring like a tiger at bay, Butler dasbed amongst the bushes with a loaded pistol in either hand, dabbing his gnn Horan swang it over his head, but before he conld strike a blow Batler .shot him dead and turned npon Reynolds who stood between bis confederates. Seeing him apparently unarmed, for Reynolds, never expecting to be attacked, had left his pistols in his belt, Batler struck bim a blow on tbe forehead with the but end Of the pistol which hud him senseless at his feet, and stood confronting Connor. So fierce and sadden had been the attack that the latter stood as if paralysed. His opponent recognised bim instantly and sternly said : ' Throw away that gnn.' The yonng man mechanically obeyed, and for a second or two they regarded each other in Bilence, tben Bntler spoke again : — 1 A pretty trade for yonr father's son, Ned Connor !' Ned made a step forward impulsively, and stretching ont both his hands ex claimed : ' May I never sen glory if I knew what they brought me here for this day, and my bitter corse on them that led me to it 1 Bore I never tried to hit yonr honour at all at ail !' A grim smile crossed the other's face as he answered : ' I'll be bound that other fellow tried thoogb, and he missed me as well as yon. You should curse your own folly, for that is what you have really to thank for this job.' ' Sure you won't hang me, sir ?' Batler glanced for a moment at Rey nolds's prostrate form, and in that instant for the first time recognised his brother's mnrderer. A strange look passed over his face, and stooping down he satisfied himself that the man was still insensible before he spoke again : ' Listen to me, Ned Connor,' he said impressively : ' I, would be sony to see you come to the gallows, as sure enough you will unless yon quit this game. I have known yon and yours for many years as qniet decent people, and I am inc'ined to believe that what you said jost now is true. Do as I tell yon. Leave tins place and go abroad. I will find the means, bnt yon mnst qnit this at once, and give me yonr sacred word never to return,- for if ever I see you or hear of you being Been in the village or in Ireland itself I will hunt you down and hand yon over to justice.' Bnt Alice 1 Oh, yonr honour, let me bid her good-bye !' Wonld Alice many a mnrderer?' ex claimed Batler impatiently. 'Yon may write to her after yon have left the conntiy ; tell her that you have gone abroad to escape from the Ribandmen and that you will send for her as soon as yon can ; she mil be glad indeed to hear it' Drawing ont his parse he placed twelve pounds in Connor's hand and con tinued : 'Now go It is only fifteen miles to L , and you can reach there easily to-night Take a passage to Bristol, and from thence to the United States to Canada. Yon can write to Alice from Bristol, bnt as yon value your neck get ont of Ireland as fast as yon can, and never breathe to a living sonl a word abont this day's work. Remember that yonr precious friends will not foiget or forgive yon for leaving them.' Completely overmastered by the stronger nature, Connor took the money, and swore earnestly to obey his benefac tor's commands. One moment more he lingered, cast a look at Reynolds and ventured to say : What will you do with him, sir ? Is he dead ?' Go ! thundered Bntler, ' and leave him to me !' Yentnring no farther delay Connor started off at his best pace, reached L — that night, and started next morning for Bristol. Here he wrote to Alice, bnt feared to send this letter by post, for he he knew that had it come by that means every one in the village wonld bear of it, and his dread lest tbe Ribandmen should trace him amounted almost to panic. Lnckily he encountered the pedlar, who promised, and, as I have told, kept his promise, to deliver the missive into Alice's own hands ; bnt Ned was for away on his voyage to America before it reached her. To conclude Connor's stoiy, I may say here that he throve and prospered in his exile, bnt fonr years passed away, during which time he only wrote twice, before he so far overcame his dread of being discovered as to venture to disclose Ins place of abode to his sweetheart and to send the money for her passage. Alice had however remained trne to her old lover? within six months she had rejoined him, and Ned never had cause to regret that he had obeyed his orders. To retnrn to Richard Batler. For a minnte he stood gaziug at his senseless enemy, then, stooping down, unfastened his coat, drew the pistols from his belt, and, having discharged them in the air, flung them on the ground. The reports seemed to arouse Reynolds. Opening his eyes he gazed vacantly upwards, then pressing his hand to his aching head straggled into a sitting attitude. As he did so he saw and recognised Butler's bard set face, and every vestige of colour left his own, bis very lips grew livid with terror. His foeman neither spoke nor moved, bnt with his hands behind his back stood sternly regarding him. He looked eagerly round for his comrades, and Horan's dead body met his eyes. Connor was nowhere to be seen ; Red Jem was slone with the dead and his deadly enemy. Still Bntler stood like a living Btatne, and gradually the Ribandman's natural audacity somewhat revived. Had Batler intended to take his life be tfaonght that he wonld have done it at first j probably he meant to give him np to the police ; bat after all it was only man to man, and he felt assured that it was more than Richard Butler could do to drag bim by main force to the station; hut the ominons silence grew oppressive at last, aud Reynolds broke it. « Where's Connor ?' ' Gotae.' ' My corse on the cowardly honnd ! He shall be well paid for deserting me !' ' Not by yon or by yonr means.' ' There's more than him to be paid yet for this, by !' True.' Despite all his hardihood, real or assumed, Reynold's heart was sinking ; he did not like those stern curt replies, but, mastering np the last remains of his courage, he .made one more effort to find ont Butler's purpose, aud sncceeded. ' And now I suppose you'd like me to walk with you to the station ?' he said with an attempt at a sneer. ' No, James Reynolds, you will never see tbe station ; yon escaped me once, and I swore that should the opportunity ever come yon should not get off again. It has come, and by the heavens above as and the hell which waits for you, I'll keep my oath, and, when I qnit this place, I'll leave your coward carcase behind me 1' With a yell of rage, terror, aud despair the Ribandman sprang to his feet. It was the last sonnd he ever altered. Stepping coolly back a pace Bntlershot him through the head with as little pity as be wonld have felt towards a mad dog, aud Rey nolds fell face downwards, dead at bis feet After reloading his pistols Bntler stood for a minute or two in deep thought, gazing the while with a stern countenance upon his dread handiwork, then, scarcely casting a glance at Horan's body as he stepped over it, he left the copse and with out tbe slightest hesitation retraced his steps across the bog to C — . Calling at the carriage-builder's where he had left his dog-cart to be repaired, he told the man that he had changed his mind and shonld stop for the night at Mr. Berea- ford's honse. which accordingly he did. The rest of the story the reader knows. It was not nntfl after Richard Butler's death, which did not take place nntil nearly thirty years after the events I have narrated, that the mystery was revealed. Amongst his papers was fonnd a fall account of his own share in the events of that memorable day ; the deliberate shoot ing of Reynolds he looked npon as a just and necessary act, but expressed a regret that he had not done so at the first onset, and so spared himself the necessity of killing him in cool blood. Connor he did not mention by name, merely stating that he had allowed a third man to escape. The contents of the paper were communi cated to the authorities, who, however, considering the whole circumstances and the length of time that had elapsed, did not think it advisable to re-open the enquiry. into the deaths of the two Ribandmen. The matter consequently gained no publicity, as Butler's relatives naturally kept his confession a Becret, for the act, though it might be excused, conld scarcely he justified. 