THE A TEE ROYAL. '"iKE GREEN LAXi-13 OF ENGLAND." Air. Ali red Dai:! pier begna his season at the Theatre I:en a! on Saturday uigiit as Gentleman George id die above play, before a very large ai;d;e;K\:. A shoiit of delirious approbation went up as the curtain r&se; disclosing an absolutely new set-sceue called " T he Grtcn Lain s in Summer," aad the artist was compelled to bow his acknowledging s. It is true t li.it the background rest ml led a landscape o-i tha OnfflLpariuga, near Wocdside, but ii;c loregroimd, composed of interlacing beeches, was decidedly Euglish, and the whole eli'ect exceedingly pretty. "1 he Gret-n Lanes in Winter" with its snowstorm, and "The Old Granary," were also scenes which pleased the eye ; aud this new departure into pictorial novelty was faithfully observed throughout. Concerning the play itself nothing much can be said by way of commendation. It is composed of "situations," hardly one of which is original; of bathos ; of words and actions which are sometimes detestably, sometimes idiotically, unnatural. It is entirely objectless, having no ra&son; d'e-re, and so far as the authors are concerned not one single character of any dramatic value is created. No adequate motive for the persecution by Clement Flint of Margaret Whcatstone becomts established, and the construction of " Tbe Green Lanes" is of that tawdry, Jack-in-the-box description which suggests a threepenny gallery or even a penny gaff. The foundation of the entire fabric is a seduction, and the consequences of this seduction form much of the superstructure. What is perhaps the best dramatic moment —where Margaret is forced to read to her father the confession of her shame—is stolenbodily, shamelessly, from "The Willow Copse." What is original is unreal and stupid, and what is not stupid is not original.. Yet, possibly, because it is well-mouthed claptrap, we feel persuaded the piece will be popular here. Tlie management deserve to make a large prclit on the production, be cause they have staged " The Green Lanes of England" with an unusually liberal hand. Mr. Dampier met with a cordial reception, and played admirably. Gentleman George is a broken-down University man, who associates with London roughs -and swindlers. But somehow he retains many of the finer instincts, which liquor has failed to obliterate, and preserves a cool manner of uttering shrewd pleasantries, and a happy knack of doing the right thiug at the right time, which makes him the most interesting personage of the drama. It is true the pilot is not helped by Gentlen:an George; but that is a matter of indifference, seeing that if there be a plot —a most necessary " if : —no other personage, vouchsafes it the slightest assistance. Besides, Mr. Dampier's GeuUeiuan George is a picturesque vagabond, and, in the snowstorm, wears a most artistic study in rag3,. shaped so as to appear like the ghost of a dilapidated topcoat. Then Mr. Dampier has an easy and natural style cf expression, with a clear, penetrating voice capaole of conveying the text distinctly to every corner of the theatre—whenever the orchestra is not too insistant. We did not see half enough of him, and if by suppressing three- fourths of the agony-welters a commensurate amount of room were found for Gentleman George, the ciiange would prove a vast improvement to " Tbe Green Lanes of England." Miss Amj Adere played the heroine, Margaret Wheat- stone. fcdie has a nice stage presence and expressive features, but delivered the words with a slow, wailing utterance, growing monotonous and delaying the action, and must be held mainly accountable for the late hour at which the performance concluded. Miss Rose Dampier did bravely as the child, Nelly, and was never once at fault._ She is wonderfully correct iu her " business," but those who have trained her thus successfully will do well to inculcate a quicker enunciation, as any tendency to drawl will never aid the clever little woman in her_after career. Miss Grautleigh appeared for Miss Fischer, to whom had been assigned the small part of Martha Flint, and was as usual forcible and intelligent. Miss Julia Merton again waded knee-deep in hypersentimentalism and repugnant motherhood; while Miss Marion Melrose used her best efforts to lift the character of Clara Selby above its natural level as a mere layfigure. Much laughter followed in the wake of Air. Sam Poole, who made his first appearance here as Gustavus Jones, a lovelorn tailor, who is a kind of prose music-hall dandy, poses in the most ridiculous attitudes, and says the most ridiculous things. " Mr. Poole should prove a useful member cf the company, at present destitute of a low comedian. Mr. Jerdan once more gave us a highly polished but utterly unscrupulous scoundrel, suggestive .of a Spanish buccaneer gone to seed aud ready to levy blackmail on any person, wise or simple, who coircs within reach. Mr. Douglas is fast winning honours iu that University presided over by our old friend Mr. William Sykes." His Bill the Slogger. may be taken as' a superior sample of desperate villany, and we quite agree with the " only " Jones that Bill the Slogger's brutish countenance bore a strong likeness to that of a bull-pup. It would be sheer cruelty now to cast Mr. Douglas as a virtuous personage. He ha<» wallowed too often in gore for such an attempt. Mr. Carey played an- impossible father, and Mr. Ficmniing an impossible naval officer. Iu the bill they appeared as ^Ma^tin Wheatstone and Captain Frank Selby, R.N. On the stage they appeared simply as Messrs. W. <3\. Carey and Herbert Fiemming. Messrs. Hasker, Mowry, aud Daley also assisted. We were pleased to find from the programme that Mr. F. Grantloigh has accepted the position of " prompter." We have not the slightest idea what a "prompter" may be, but suppose that the interests of the drama will somehow benefit by the appointment. "The Green Lanes of England" is to be repeated until further notice, and is certain to prove attractive. < c o L > o L L L Q 