V=2> LAND WITHDRAWN FROM SALE.—Messrs. F. J. Botting&Co.; were advertised to offer for sale by public auction, on Monday, June 26, Section No. 224, situated at the junction of the Goodwood-road and the road from Glen Osmond to Glenelg, under instructions from the Supreme Court, in the matter of the petition of William White, under the Settled Estates Act, 1880, and there was a large attendance when the hour of sale arrived, but Mr. Sotting steted that having that morning received an injunction from the Court against proceeding with the sale he was compelled to withdraw the land for the present. ROADS ON THE PEN INSULA.—The Hon. R. D. Ross, M.P., and Messrs. W. H. Beaglehole, M.P., and D. Bews, J. P. (Mayor of Wallaroo), waited on the Commissioner of Public Works (Hon. J. G. Ramsay), on Monday morning, June 26, for the purpose ot bringing one or two matters connected with the roads on the northern part of Yorke's Peninsula under his notice. Mr. Bews presented a petition, signed on behalf of the Corporations of Wallaroo, Kadina, and Moonta, and a meeting of selectors, held at Oaklands, asking that the northern boundary of the Peninsma Road Board might be extended so as to include the Hundreds of Tickera, Wokurna, and Wiltunga. The present boundary of the district was on the northern side of the Hundreds of Wallaroo, Kadina, and Ninnes, and the three hundreds previously mentioned were adjoining. At present the Hundreds of Tickera, Wokurna, and Wiltunga were within the North Midland District, and as they were very faraway from Clare ; the head-quarters of the Board, and the^Board had many important roads to attend to in the centre of the district, very little could be done in these hundreds. The Peninsula Road Board could attend to the roads in the hundreds very much better, and were willing to undertake the control of them. Tbe Commissioner said he saw no objection to the request being granted, and that he would do what he could to meet the wishes of the petitioners. Mr. Bews presented a petition signed by the Town Council of Wallaroo and several selectors, asking that a road might be made from Wallaroo through the western portion of the Hundred of Tickera towards Port Broughton ; and the Com mis sioner promised to consider the request. Mr. Bews, at the request of the Wallaroo Town Council, also directed attention to the fact that a great improvement might be made in the appearance of the railway passenger station at Wallaroo, now in course of construction, by anj alteration in the roof. He had been informed that the alteration would involve very slight additional cost. The Commissioner said he would communicate with the Engineer-in-Chief on the subject. RAILWAY MEETING AT NUKIOOTPA.—A public meeting wa<« held at the Nuriootpa Hotel on Saturday, the 24th inst., to consider the advisability of railway communication from Angaston to some point on the North line. There were about 60 or 70 persons present, Angaston and Tanunda being represented. Mr. W. Strother, J.P., was voted to the chair. The following resolution was earned:— " That this meeting advocates a railway from Angaston to Roseworthy, or some point y on the North line, and pledges itself to assist the Angaston Committee providing they advocate starting from Roseworthy or Freeling, ma Nuriootpa." Messrs. Strother, J.P., C. Bock, T. Wenning, W. Thamin, E. H. Mattner, and A. Riedel were appoin ted a Committee to watch the interests of Nuriootpa. Among the speakers were Mr. W. Clark, J.P., Dr. Ayliffe, Rev, G. J. Rechner, Messrs. C. Bock, and W. Schultz. SOUTH AUSTRALIAN ART GALLERY.—We are informed that the pictures for the above have been selected in London by the committee appointed for the purpose. ART PRESENTATION.—Mr. Walter Severn, the well-known artist, has just presented to the colony of South Australia a handsome picture, which will make a very welcome addition to the Adelaide Art Galleiy. It appears that whilst travelling in Italy Mr. Severn met Mr. T. Harry, of Adelaide, and in_the course of a conversation on the estaolishment of picture galleries in the colonies, offered to hand over to Mr. Harry a picture for presentation to South Australia. On arrival in London Mr. Harry put himself in communication with the Agent-General, and Sir Arthur Bly th kindly consented to accept the picture officially on "behalf of the colony. Mr. Severn very handsomely placed a choice of several pictures before them, the one selected being a beautiful painting of "Boscastle," Cornwall. The subject is a very striking one, the treatment of the waves as they roll and break upon the rocky shore being most delicate. The picture is valued by connoisseurs at a hundred guineas. Mr. Severn has always taken great interest in South Australian affairs, owing to being connected by marriage with a former Governor of the colony, Mrs. Severn being a sister of Sir J. Fergusson, now Governor of Bombay, and of Major Fergusson, now of Adelaide. WATTLE CULTIVATION.—We understand that an application has been made to the Commissioner of Crown Lands for liberty to lant the whole of the railway line of the olony with wattles by a gentleman who has lready had considerable experience in that ulture. As wattle bark is now becoming ery scarce, and a large and important inustry is dependent upon that kmd of prouce. it is to lie hoped that the Government ill give the matter careful consideration. YOUNG MEN'S RUSSIAN JEWISH EMIGRA- ION SOCIETY.—A general meeting of the S. . Branch of the above was held in the ynagogue Chambers on Sunday, the 25th m t c O h a s J h a p o r P f t s c inst. _ There was a large attendance of sympathizers, and it was unanimously resolved to issue subscription-lists, and institute a vigorous canvass of the South Australian public. It was also agreed that any one might become a member by applying to the Secretary or any member for a subscriptionlist. REMINISCENCES OF LONGFELLOW.—A correspondent of the Times, who made the acquaintance of Mr. Longfellow at Naples, relates how the poet insisted on spending the night upon Mount Vesuvius alone. Without a smile on his face, he said, " I want to gather poetic impressions." We looked becomingly serious, and only begged to be permitted to keep watch with him. " No," with two or three shakes of the head; "I must be alone." A whispered consultation between some members of the party followed. "He is quite in earnest and must do as he pleases," said a brother of the fair Bostonians, and he added that there was no danger just then of the greatest of American poets meeting with the same fate as the Younger Pliny. " But brigands?'suggested the Frenchman. "Dear me! he will catch such a dreadful cold," chimed in one of the ladies. Finally, we decided to leave the poet to his reveries, after ordering a Maltese courier to stand sentinel, unobserved, within hailing distance. It is probable that this courier fulfilled, at least, the half of his duties faithfully, for his presence was certainly never noticed by Mr. Longfellow. The author of "Excelsior" turned up in the morning, looking none the worse for his night's frolic with the ghosts of Herculancum and Pompeii; but he persistently parried every question put to him as to whether he had found " inspiration." AJ he would say was that, on coming down from .the mountain, he had been requested by a gendarme to exhibit his passport, and being unable to produce this document, had been nearly marched off to the Police Station. "I-purchased my liberty for two lire," he remarked, smiling; " the price of that commodity has decreased since Cffiur de Leon's time." Among other facts mentioned by the correspondent, he states that on Longfellow .beins asked whether Paul Fleming in " Hyperion" was a character drawn from life, he paused a full half-minute, then answered— He was what I thought I might have been; but I never . . . ." He shaded his face with one hand, and did not complete the sentence. Speaking of the " Golden Legend," he said, The first draft I did in four weeks—not counting the Sundays—I don't like to work on Sundays—not even to write a hymn. But I spent about six months correcting and cutting down." NEW INDUSTRY.—A new industry (says the Wallaroo Times) is being established at the Salt Lake, near Snoirtown, namely, the manufacture of salt for export to Sydney and other colonies. The proprietors (Messrs. Snowball & Co.) have nearly completed the erection of machinery sufficient to enable them to export weekly no less a quantity than 50 tons, which they intend shipping from Wallaroo. EXPERIMENTAL FARM, SOUTH-EAST.—The overseer reports for the month of May that sixty acres of wheat, fifteen of oats, and five of grasses had been sown, and that the first sown were just coming up. The stock, buildings, &c.;, were all in good order. The rainfall for the month had been 4'135 inches. The ground generally was stated to be in good working order, and if too much rain did not follow the crops were expected to do well. THE GARXACT Fukd.—The committee of gentlemen who recently gave an entertainment in the Port Adelaide Town Hall in aid of the Garnaut Fund have handed over the sum of £30 to three trustees for the benefit of Mrs. Garnaut and her family. The sum in question includes a donation of £3 3s. from Messrs. G. & E. Wills & Co. ELECTRC- METAIXLTIGY."—This is the title of an illustrated lecture to be delivered this evening by Mr. A. W. Dobbie before the members anil friends of the College Park Young Men's Society in the schoolroom behind the local Congregational Chiirtii. 