Shetcbey. THE TRANSFERRED GHOST. THE country rcsidenoe of Mr. JohnHinckman was a delightful placc to me, for many reasons It was the abode pf a genial, though somewhat impulsive, hospitality. It had broad, smooth shaven lawns and towering oaks and elms there were bosky shades at several points, and not far from the house there was a little rill spanned by a rustic bridge with the bark on; there were fruits and flowers, pleasant people, chess, billiards, rides, walks, and fishing. These were great attractions, but none of them, nor all of them together, would have been sufficient to hold mc to the place very long. I had been invited for the trout season, but should, probably have finished my visit early in the summer had it not been that upon fair days, when the grass waB dry, and tbesun was not too hot, and there was but little wind, there strolled beneath the lofty elms, or passed lightly through the bosky shades, the form of my Madeline. This lady was not, in very truth, my Mad eline. She had never given herself to me, nor had I, in any way, acquired possession of her. But as I considered her possession the only sufficient reason for the continuance of my existence, I called her, in my reveries, mine. It may have been that I would not have been obliged -to confine the use of this possessive pronoun to my reveries had I confessed the state of my feelings to the lady. But this was an unusually difficult thing to do. Not only did I dread, as almost all lovers dread, taking the step which would in an instant put an end to that delightful season which may be termed the ante-interrogatory period of love, and which might at the same time terminate all intercourse or connection with the object of my passion; but I was, also dreadfully afraid of John Hinckman. This gentlemen was a'good friend of mine, but it would have required a bolder man than I was at that time to ask him for the gift of his niece, who was the head of his household, and, according to his own frequent statement, the main prop of his declining years. Had Madeline acquiesced in my general views on the subject,! might have felt encouraged to open the matter to Mr." Hinckman, but, as I said before, I had never asked her whether or not she would be mine. I thought of these things at all hours of the day and night, particularly the latter. I was lying awake one night, in the great bed in my spacious chamber, when, by the dim light of the new moon, which partially 1 from, home pedk&ib; ief^for several daVB. ... this reason that I had heen able that.waning. to sit muabMt&'≈ usual ^IhttaaeUiiejon the moonlit porch. The figure was certainly, that of John Hinckman in his ordinary dfeea, but there was a vagueness and indistinctness' about it which presently assured me that it was a ghost. Had the good old man been murdered ? and had his spirit come to tell me of the deed, and to eonfide to me the protection-of his dear ? My heart fluttered at what I was about to thihk, but at'.this instant the figure spoke.' ' i . '' .'' ' ' "Do yon know," hi said, with a count®-" nance that indicated anxiety, " if Mr.'Hinckman willireturn to night?" : I thought it well to maintain a calm exterior, and I answered 1 : " ', ' We do not expect him." I am glad of that," said he, sinking into the chairbywhioh he" stood.' ''During 'the two years and a half that I have inhabited thiB house, that- man"has never boforebeen away for a single night. Ton Can't imagine the relief it gives me." And as lie spoke he Stretched out his'legs and leaned 'back in the chair. Sis form .became less vague, and the cblor of his garments more distinct'and evident, while an expriission of gratified relief succeeded to the anxicty of his countenance • - : - . ' " Two years and a half 1". I exclaimed. " I don't understand you.'" " It is fully that length of time," said the ghost, " since I first came here. Mine is not an ordinaiy case. But before I say anything more about it, let me ask yon again if you are sure Mr. Hinokman will not return to-night ?" "I am as sure of it as I can be of anything,". I answered. " He left to-day for Bristol,'two hundred miles away." " Then I will go on," said the ghost, " for I am glad to have the opportunity of talking to some one who will listdn to me; but if John Hinckman should come in and catch me here, I should be frightened out of my wits." This is all very strange," I said, greatly puzzled by what I had heard. " Are you the ghost of Mr. Hinckman ?" This was a bold question, but my mind was so full of other emotions that there seemed to be no room for that of fear. " Yes, I am his ghost," my companion replied, " and yet 1 have no right to be. And this is what makes me so uneasy, and so much afraid of him. It is a Btrarige story, and, I truly believe, without precedent. Two years and a half ago, John Hinckman "was dangerously ill in this very room. At one time he was so far gone that he was really believed to be dead. It was in consequence of too precipitate a report in regard to this matter that I was, at that time, appointed to be his ghost. Imagine my surprise and horror, sir, when, after I had accepted the position and assumed its responsibilities, the old man revived, became convalescent, and eventually regained his usual health. My situation was now one of extreme delicacy and embarrassment. I had no power to return to my original unembodiment, and I had no right to be the ghost of a man who was not dead. I was advised by my friends to quietly maintain my position, and was assured that, as John Hinckman was an elderly man, it could not be long before I could rightly assume the position for which I had been scleoted. But I tell you, sir," he continued with animation, " the old fellow seems as vigorous as ever, and I have no idea how much longer this annoying state of things will continue. I spend my time trying to get out of that old man's way. I must not leave this house, and he seems to follow me everywhere. I tell you, sir, he haunts me." " That is truly a queer state of things," I remarked. " But why are you afraid of him ? He couldn't hurt you." " Of course he couldn't," said the ghost. " But his very presence is a shock and terror to me. Imagine, sir, how you would feel if my case were yours." I oould not imagine such a thing at all. I simply shuddered. " Aid if one must be a wrongful ghost at all," the apparition continued, " it would be much pleasanter to be the ghost of some man other than John Hinckman. There is in him an irasdibilty of temper, accompanied by a facility of invective, which is seldom met with. And what would happen if he were to see me, and find out, as I am sure he would, how long and why I had inhabited his house, I can scarcely conceive. I have seen him in his bursts of passion, and, although he did not hurt the people he stormed at any more than he would hurt me, they seemed to shrink before him." All this I knew to be very true. Had it not been for this peculiarity of Mr. Hinokman, 1 might have been more willing to talk to him about his niece. " I feel sory for you," I said, for I really began to have a sympathetic feeling toward this unfortunate apparition. " Your case is indeed a hard one. It reminds me of those persons who have had doubles, and I suppose a man would often bo very angry indeed when he found that there was another being who was personating 'himself." " Oh, the cases are not similar at all," said the ghost. " A double or doppelgangcr lives on the earth with a man, and, being exactly like him, he makes all sorts of trouble, of course. It is very different with me. I am not here to live with Mr. Hinckman. I am here to take his place. Now, it would make John Hinckman very angry if he knew that. Don't you know it would ?" I assented promptly. " Now that he is away I can be easy for a little while," continued the ghost, " and I am so glad to haxe an opportunity of talking to you. I have frequently come into your room, and watched you while you slept, but did not dare to speak to you for fear that if you talked with me Mr. Hinckman would hear you, and come into the room to know why you were talking to yourself." " But would he not hear you ?" I asked. " Oh, no," said the other,there are times when any one may see me, but no one hears me except the person to whom I address mvself." • J " But why did you wish to speak to me?" I asked. " Because," replied the ghost, " I like occasionally to talk to people, and especially to some one like yourself, whose mind is so troubled and perturbed that you are not likely to be frightened by a visit from one of us. But I particularly wanted to ask you to do me a favor. There is every probability, so far as I can see, that John Hinckman will live a long time, and my situation is becoming insupportable. My great object at present is to get myself transferred, and I think that you' may, perhaps, be of use to me." "Transferred 1" I exclaimed. "What do you mean by that ?" " What I mean," said the irther, "is this. Now that I have started on my career I have' got to be the ghost of somebody; and I want to be the ghost of a man who is really dead." I should think that would be easy enough," said. " Opportunities must continually occur." * _ . " Not at all 1 not at all I" said my companion, quickly. " You have no idea what a rush and pressure there is for situations of this kind. 'Whenever a vacancy occurs, if I may xpress myself in that way, there are crowds f applications for the jghostship." " I had no idea that such a state of things xisted," I said, becoming quite interested in he matter. " There ought to be some regular ystem, or order of precedence, by which you ould ail take your turns like customers in a arbers's shop." " Oh dear, that would never do at all!" said he other. " Some of us would have to woit orever. There is always a great rush whenver a good ghostsliip offers itself—while, as ou know, there are some positions that no ne would care for. And it was in con sequence f iny being in too great a hurry on an occaion of the kind that I got myself into my resent disagreeable predicament, and I have hought that " it mighf t be possible that you ould help me out of it. Yon might know of ^jeht itself at any moment, if . iu want me to commit atiimde 1 pOr tognj rt^ijnWarior^our.hm®?"^ -;>-"flE/;no,iiio, ndfj'sald Mi other, m&jb; .vapoiyimile. " I mean nothing of that kind. To be sure, "there arc lovers who are yratched with considerable interest.such personshaving aen known, in momelfts of depression^) offer very desirable ghostships, but I did not think anything of that kind in connection with you. Tou were the only pereon I oared to—• speak to, end J hoped ...... that ^ you mightgive ~ me%m6 inI6Mi , fii)fi th at would be if and,in returnl'l'sMll fceTOtyglail tbfrelp yoa; yoi; ik your'love'affiir.*" 'loVeWaSf?" 1 "" J; * ' . . - ... "You seem to know that IiiaVe inch au' affair," I said. ""'" 'V. Oh, yes," replied the offiia feth a little vawn. '.' 1'cbulp 1 not be'here so much iB. I have beon without knowing all about that[" ,, There' was 'something horrible in the .idea of Madeline and myself having been watched by a ghost, even, perhaps, when we wandered together in the most delightful and bosky plaoes. Bqt, then, t&s; was quite an exceptional ghost,ahd:T'c&Ud; hot have thebbjbotions to him which wotM ordinarily arise in regard to beings of his class.. . . . •• ' "I must'go now," Said the'ghost, rising, "blit'I wiH see you !l somewhdre to-morrow, night.'' Alrid reniember—yoii'help me, abd-I'IT help you." ' ' 1 ' ,, .'.'! I had doubts the next morning as to $he propriety of telling Madeline anything abo^t, this interview, add soon convinced myself th'at I must keep silent on the Subject. If she Mew, there was a ghost abob't the houso she would probably leave the place in'Btantly. I did,not mention the matter, MI BO regulated, my demeanor that I am quite sure Madeline never suspected what had taken place. For some time ! had wished that Mr. Hinckman "wopld absent himself, for a day at least, from: the premises. In such case I thought .1 might more easily nerve myself up to. the :point of speaking to Madeline on the subject of our future collateral existence, and, now that the opportunity for such speech had really, .occurred, I did' hot feel ready to avail myself pf it. What would become of me if she refused me? I had an idea, however, that the lady thought that, if I were going to speak at ell, this was thetime. She must have known that certain sentiments were afloat within me, and she was not unreasonable in her wish to see the matter, settled one way or the other., 'But I did not feel like taking a bold step in the. dark. If she wished ine to ask her to give herself to me, she ought to offer me some| reason to suppose that she would make the gift. If I saw no probability of such generosity, I wotdd prefer that things should reinain as they were. That evening I was sitting with Madeline in the moonlit porch: It was nearly ten o'clock, and ever since supper-time I had been working myself up to the point of making an avowal of my sentiments. "I had not positively determined to do this, but. wished gradually to reach the proper point, when, if the prospect looked bright, I might speak. My companion appeared to understand the situation—at least, I imagined that the nearef I came to a proposal the more she seemed to expect it. It was certainly a very critical and important epoch in my life. If I . spoke, I should make myself happy or miserable forever, and if I did not speak I had every reason to believe that the lady would not give mc another chance to do so. Sitting thus with Madeline, -talking a little, and thinking very hard over these momentous matters, I looked up and saw the ghost, not a dozen feet away from us. He was sitting on the railing of the porch, one leg thrown up before him, the other dangling down as he leaned against a post. He was behind Madeline, but almost in front of me, as I sat facing the lady. It was fortunate that Madeline was looking out over the landscape, for I must have appeared very much startled. The ghost had told me that he would see me some time this night, but I did not think he would make his appearance when I was in the company of Madeline. If she should Bee the spirit of her uncle I could not answer tor the consequences. I made no exclamation, but the ghost evidently saw that I was troubled. " Don't be afraid," he said—" I shall not let her see me; and she cannot here me speak unless I address myself to her, which I do not intend to do." I suppose I looked grateful. "So you need not trouble yourself about that," the ghost continued; " but it seems to mo that you are not getting along very well with your affair. If I were you, I should speak out without waiting any longer. You will never have a better chance. Yon arc not likely to be interrupted; and, so far as I can judge, the lady seems disposed to listen to you favorably ; that is, if she ever intends to do so. There is no knowing when John Hinck-. man will go away again; certainly not this summer. . If I were in your place I should never dare to make love to Hinckman's niece if he were anywhere about the place. If he should catch any one offering himself to Miss Madeline, he would then be a terrible man to encounter." I agreed perfectly to all this. " I cannot bear to think of him!" I cj'acu lated aloud. " Think o{ whom ?" asked Madeline, turn ing quickly toward mc. Here' was an awkward situation. The long' speech of the ghost, to which Madeline paid no attention, but which I heard with perfect distinctness, had made mc forget myself. It was necessary to explain quickly. Of course, it would not do to admit that it was of her dear uncle that I was speaking; and sol mentioned hastily thefirstnamel thought of. " Mr. Vilars," I said. This statement was entirely correct, for I never could bear to think of Mr. Vilars, who was a gentleman who had, at various times, paid much attention to Madeline. "It is wrong for you to speak in that way of Mr. Vilars," she said. " He is a remarkably well educated and sensible young man, and has vety pleasant manners. He expects to be elected to the legislature this fall, and I should not be surprised if he made his mark. He will do well in a legislative body, for whenever Mr, Vilars has anything to say ho knows just how and when to say it." This was spoken very quietly, and without any show of resentment, which was all very natural, for if Madeline thought at all favorably of me she could not feel displeased that I should have disagreeable emotions in regard to a possible rival. The concluding words contained a hint which I was hot slow to understand. I felt very sure that if Mr. Vilars were in my present position he would speak quickly enough. "I know it is wrong to have such ideas about a person," I said, "but I cannot help The lady did not cbidc me, and after this she seemed even in a softer mood. As for me, I felt considerably annoyed, for I had not wished to admit that any thought-'of Mr. Vilars had ever occupied my mind. " You should not speak aloud that way,", said the ghost, " or you may get yourself into trouble. I want to see everything go well with you, because then you may be disposed to help me, especially if I should chance to be of any assistance- to you, which I hope I shall be." I longed to tell him that there was no way in which-he could help me so much as by taking his instant departure. To make love to a young lady with a ghost .sitting on. the railing near by, and that ghost the apparition of a much-dreaded unole, the very idea of whom in such a position and at such a time made mc tremble, was a difficult, if not an impossible, thing to do; but I forbore to speak, although I may have looked my mind. " I suppose," continued the ghost, " that you have not heard anything that might be of advantage to me. Of course, I am veryi anxious to hear, but if you have anything to' tell mc, I can wait until you are alone. I ill come to you to- night in your room, or I ill stay here until the lady goes away J & sprangto hertet, herfaoeflashed andhereykablaze, v-r - f-v';.;" "Wait hwel^fe jMrta uppose I am waiting for J.^ot p o toe indeed I—I should think «ol iftjihould you have to say tbine?" 1 ® I® !• . v "Maddinb," lexolaimed, stoipingitoSwd hi^etmsarlam.'' ^ -*'«J3ut shehad gone. \- - • HeVwaaihe end of the world for me! I turned fieroely to the ghost. "Wretched existence 1" I cried. "You have ruined everything. You have blackened my whole life. Had it not been for you——" i ;Butherqmj voioe tol^recj., .I.irotUd^yno; wroig mi}' saiS 'tin fehost. f'thave, not injured you:; .1 haye tojed only, to enoou^ it'.'de- Bep up S brave aeart., uooq-oy." .. ,, Ahi he. vanished from' the. railing like a bureting'soap-bubble. ,.. , ... I went'gloomily to bod, but ,1 saw no apparitions that' iuglit except those of d< bourse,* th«e was only one, interpretation iCoifli'puVupon'lhfejji;' .. .' . ii to explaining my iBjaoulatibhs, .flifit was lpossible. I thought, the matter oyer, and would me to suffer all mylife tban'for her to know that the ghoit bf h& tkcfe haunted'Uibhouse.- Mr. Hinokmah^Vaij awa∧'if she knew'of, his ghost Hie' ooatt'aSt be made to brieve thd'shbckl'No, iny hearf could bleed, but I wbuld never tell ,heir.'' . , The next .day was Jfine, neither too cool nor, too warm; the breezes were'gentle^ana, nia^ tjire smiled. But there were no walks or.rides with Madeline.. She seemed to be rnuoh, engaged'during the day, and I saw hut little of lor. When we met at meals she was polite, but very quite and' reserved. She had evidently determined .on a course of conduct, and had resolved to asBume that,' although I had been very tude to,her, she did hot antestand the import of my words. It would .'be quite proper, of course, for Tier not "to Taiow' what I meant by my espressions of the night belore. , I was downcast and wretohed, and. said but I little, and the only bijght streak aorbss the black horizon of my wpe was the fact 'that, she did not appearto be happy, although she porch was deserted thett. evening, but wandering about the. house J found ^Madeline m'the library aloha.' She was .reading, but' I went in and stt down nesr her. I felt that, although I could.not.do po fully, I must in a measure explain my conduct,of ..the night before"..,'She listened quietly to a somewhat labored apology I made.for the words '! had used. I have not the slightest idea what you meant," she said, "but you were very rude." I earnestly disclaimed . any intention - of rudeness, and assured her, with ia warmth of speech that must have made some impression upon her, that rudeness to her would be an action impossible to mc. I said a great deal upon the subject, and implored her to believe that if it were nbt for a certain obstacle I could speak to her so plainly that she would understand everything. She was Silent for a time, and then she said, rather more kindly, I thought, than she had spoken before: " Is that obstacle in any way connected with my uncle ?" "Yes," I answered, after a little hesitation, " it is, in a measure, conneoted with him." 1 She made no'answer to this, and.sat looking at her book, but not reading. From the expression of her face, I thought she was somewhat softened toward me. She knew her uncle as well as I did, and die may have been thinking that, if he were the obstaole that prevented my speaking (and there were many .ways in which he might be that obstacle), my position would be such a hard one that it would excuse some wildnes's of speech andecoentricity of manner. I saw, too, that the warmth of my partial explanations had had some effect on her, and I began to believe that it might be a good thing for me to speak my mind without delay. No matter how she should receive my proposition, my relations with her could not be worse than they had been tli6 previous night and day, and there was something in her face which encouraged me to hope that she might forget my foolish exclamations of the evening before if I began to tell her my tale of love. I drew my chair a little nearer to her, and as I did so the ghost burst into the room from the door-way behind her. I say burst, although no door flew open and he made no noise. He was wildly excited, and waved his arms above his head. The moment I saw him, my heart fell within me. With the entrance of that impertinent apparition, every hope fled from me. I could not speak while he was in the room. I must have turned pale, and I gazed steadfastly at the ghost, almost without seeing Madeline, who sat between us. " Do you know," he cried, " that John Hinckman is coming up the hill ? He will bo here in fifteen minutes, and if you are doinj snything in the way of love-malting, you hac better hurry it up. But this is not what I came to tell you. I have glorious news ? At last I am transferred I Not forty minutes ago a Bussian nobleman was murdered by the Nihilists. Nobody ever thought of him in connection with an immediate ghostship. My friends instantly applied for the situation for mc, and obtained my transfer. I am off before that horrid Hinckman comes up the hill. The moment I reach my new position I shall x>ut off this hated semblance. Goodby. You can't imagine how glad I am to be, at last, the real ghost of somebody." " Oh 1" I cried, rising to my feet and stretching out my arms in utter wretchedness, " I would to Heaven you were mine I" " I am yours," said Madeline, rising to mc her tearful eyes. Frank R. Stockton.—Ccniury. 