A MEDITATION FOR TRINITY SUNDAY. Taken as a mere statement of theology, nothing can be colder or more barren, less calculated to inspire devotion or to kindle love, than the doctrine of the three Persons in the one God. Yet let us read that statement in the light of the gospel story, and we shall find that it contains all the essence and lorce ot the Christian revelation. Father, Son, and Holy Ghost. Yes, I believe in the Father, pitiful and Almighty, who so loved the world as to make a greater sacrifice than Abraham's, to send from His side His own Son, His Isaac, to die for our sins, that we, through Him, might be saved. I believe in the Son, whose history and whose heart are made bare to us in the New Testament, whom we have seen, a man among men, compassionate and tender, dying for our sins and triumphing over death, that He might receive us into glory. I know Him to be God, not so much by His wonderful works as by His purity and love. I know Him to be God, for who but God could have opened for mankind in the wilderness of the world an ever-flowing spring of hope, and pardon, and consolation, and help for all ages to come ? And I believe in the Holy Ghost. There is —-it is no fiction of the Churches — a new Spirit in the world since Christ came, that will enable us, if we use Him and trust Him, to withstand and overcome the evil without us and within ; that, where obeyed and followed, will make us better, and wiser, and holier, and more charitable, and more unlike the world, and more like Christ Himself. I know Him to be God, for who but God could search my eveiy thought 1 or who but God could impart God's likeness or God's life? ?'. ... ' . ' Believing thus in the Trinity, we shall find the creed in the Gospel, and the Gospel in the creed. Let us say, ' I believe in one God, Father, Son, and Holy Ghost,' and then walk in that faith. Instead of arguing about these mysteries, let us try to live and abide in them. There are not three Gods, but one God. That is the foundation truth of all religion, which, God helping us, we will never let go. But we have a God and Father in heaven, to whom we may go and say, ' Father, I have sinned against heaven and before Thee.' We have a God and Saviour in heaven, who can be touched with a feeling of our infirmities, because, God as He is, He is Man also like ourselves; and, nearer and more effectual truth for our present succour and consolation, we have a God and Comforter on earth, working with our weak 'wills and blunted consciences to make us fit at last for the heavenly kingdom and inheritance of the saints in light. What should we do, then, who believe' all this1? who believe that God is our Father, that Christ has redeemed us by His blood, and is sanctifying us by His Spirit, but, like the elders in Sfc. John's vision, fall down in heart before the throne in heaven, which we cannot see but know to be there, and, casting down all high looks and lofty imaginations, say to the Triune God, that sitteth upon the throne — tC Worthy art Thou to receive glory, and honour, and power, for Thou hast created all things, and for Thy pleasure they are and were created'? 