liOCAI^NJEWS. 1 It is intended to hold a speciul general meet ing of tho Maryborough Chamber of Commcrco on this day week, for the purpose of taking further Action in the matter i-f thejemoval of the troublosome Black Rock at tho mouth of the Many rivor, and other important business. At tho Lieonsing Court on Tuesday* last, before the Police iMagistrate' and J. ' Purser, Esq., the application of Mr. W. Grecn; for an auctioneer's license, was duly granted. ~ At a meeting of the Loyal Good Intent Lodge of Oddfellows,' tho following ofliecrs fwcrc installed for the next half : — Bro. HMLirdera, N.G., Bro. H. Ward, V.G., Bro, J- Seofcldt, E.S., Bro. F. W. Bawdon, F.S. 1 1 : 1 We beg to remind the brethren of the P.A.F. Society that the social dance, under the auspicos of the Excclsior Lodge, will take place to morrow night at the Town Hall. We expect to sec a large muster of the members. with their fair friends, and wish every enjoyment to the participators in the festival. We understand tliat the various subCom mittees appointed at the Tec'ent meeting of Saw mill hands, liave waited upon : thoir respective employers at the different mills requesting ilicm to grant the establishment of the eight liours' system. ? Tlie result of the 'interviews will not be announced until after ^a meeting of the saw mill proprietors to- morrow (Friday) , afternoon. ? Yesteeday morning, Patrick Hickey was brought up before the Police Magistrate at the Police Court, and oiice more pleaded guilty to the offenoe of drunkenness and was discharged. '.two juvenile offenders, named respectively John Henry Bell and Frank Wood, appeared in custody, charged with' the larceny of two saddles, the property of Mr. James Fairlie, and at the request of . Mr. Inspector Lloyd, the prisoners were remanded until 10 o'clock this morning. . A second charge was preferred against them for illegally using horses j -with the same result. '? '1!J We are requested to call attention1 to an important addition to the advertisement of Professor Pepper's entertainment. at the Town Hall on Monday and Tuesday evenings nex*# wherein intended patronB of the front ^eats are requested to have them marked off on the plan at Mr. ? Dawson's as early! as possible?! 1 Tho necessity for this will be at once apparent when it is stated that owing to the peculiar nature of tbe Ghost illusion, and the - great width'j.of tho Town Hall, only a limited number of the Cr- nt seats can be brought within the lino of sight. Wc would also remind our readers tliat in this wonderful illusion there is nothing whatever to alarm or terrify the audience; on the c-ntrarr# it serves to introduce in the little classic story of ' Pygmalion and Galatoa,' some very bcauti' f ul and pleasing, and at the same time astonish ing effects. 6 '* Tiie newly-formed Wide Bay Sawmill Com pany notify by advertisement that they arc pro pared to make contracts for the purchase -''of log timber. The directors are we believe actively making arrangements for erecting the Company's mill at Tiuro as soon as the required land is obtained. The 6itc chosen will.be shortly put up for sale by auction, the Government Jbeing averse to selling tho land by private contract, as that would be a dangerous departure from tho usual practice. The circumstance that none of ?tbe TiaTO residents, with whom tho scheme for the new mill originated, succeeded, in obtaining scats on tho Board of Directors is perhaps a regrettable one, for they are in the best position to supervise matters at the mill and rcgiilate the supplies of log timber from the surrounding forests. However, wc -have no doubt -the present directors will not fail to recognise tho^fact that tho primary object of the Company wns 'to erect the mill at Tiaro for the pui*pose_ of a local outlet, and the eventual prosperity of the Com pany will dopend on the existence of ji -con aviore spirit between -the directors and the Tiaro tim ber-getters. Wo learn that the- Articles of Association of the Company have Been duly registered. .V - ? We beg to remind our readers of the„grand vocal and instrumental concert to be JJiven in the Town Hall this evening 'under the. auspices of tlie Maryborough Brass Band. The pro ! gramme will be ' found In our advertising columns and it needs only a glance to shew the groat interest manifested in the event.' 'All the ' .available musical talent of. the ^community have j generously come forward to swell the grand j musical carnival and as an additional attraction i may be mentioned two gentlemen trom Brisbane ] who possess considerableability ; andhaveientercd spiritedly into -tbe'afEair.' -?'The -entertainment will certainly be of a first class nature, 'and of luui&vu; uuoiwvy, jia io cuestrong claims -ottne local band to the patronage of the public little need be said, because it is well, known that the band arc invariably, willing to lend 'their valu able services to afford pleasure to the citizens on every possible occasion. ..Tbc.band, will appear for tho first time on the/platform of the Town Hall with their new instruments and uniform and the proceeds of tho concert will be . devoted towards defraying ttid expenditure ihchrred by this indispensable outlay. We certainly re commend all our raiders to go -and ticar tho performnncc'this evening. v :L The iXury borough Vocal ?ahd'.'fjrjhestnil Society intend holding their flreti meeting to morrow (Friday) evening at the Primary School. A fair number havirig-beeri Enrolled as members, With a prospect of many more joining, no doubt .the practice of 'Boospy'sGlees' and Sullivan's popular opera comiquc ' Pinafore' will be attended with'a large measure 1 of sue* cess. A certain portion of the evening is set apart for the performance of orchestral picces so that the rehearsals may be described as pos Mr. Curd, of tho Central State -Schools, who holds importaut musical' crcdchtials. Re peated attempts liave been previously mode to ? establish similar societies in tho;town, but thoy all seem to lack tliat 'Btaiyirig, power' so essential to succcss. Considering tlie number of musical ?acquisitions to the town within tho past few yoars, and remembering that'.tliero is abundant musical talent in the '-neighborhood ; which only wants concentrating,'', wC' see no reason why such a society . co)i|d^not /be main tained in Maryborough as would vio favorably with those -exiting in p^hcr cities. At tho same tunc wc should^ lilio - to ' ^pc^ the new society, comuienciqg with iomfcfhing of a higher class than the — from a classical point of view — . Pinafore rubbish,' 