CHRISTIAN TEMPERANCE CRUSADE. Last evening .Mr lilt Johnson, an Ame rican lecturer, occupied the platform of the Fenwick-street Baptist Church, for the purpose of speaking as to the results of the "Christian Temperance Crusade in America." There was a fairly large congregation, and the Rev. E. F. King don introduced the lecturer. Mr John son commenced by stating that ho wanted to follow the lino of beautiful thoughts and soul-stirring words of Mr Kingdon's morning sermon, by taking his text from the 12th chap, of St. Mark, and the 22nd verse—"Have faith in God." The one great object and aim of the blessed Bible, from Genesis to Revelations, was that every man should have faith in God, and to induce men to bclievethatGod loves them. Referring to the journey of Christ and His disciples from Jerusalem, the lecturer stated that Peter, one of the Apostles, had drawn attention to tho withered appcar aneo of a lig tree which the Master had cursed because it bore no fruit. Ho did not want to speak about fig, plum, or peach trees, but about a great Upas tree, a poi sonous plant; and what was wanted was faith inGodtoresisttemptation, toshunin toxicatingdrink, and to pray forthatlove of God which was as bonndless as the space between tho east and the west. It was faith which enabled Noah to savo the world from destruction by flood, Joseph to save Egypt from famine, Moses to take the people out of bondage, Joshua to lead. the people into the promised land, Daniel to spend tho night in the lions' den, John the Baptist to preach Christ, the disciples in the room to bring down the baptism of the Holy Ghost, Martin Luther to establish Christianity, Abraham Lincoln to release four millions of black people from slavery in America; and faith had enabled the ladies to close thousands of dram shops in tho United States. In 1800, clergymen in New York who preached temperance were ostracised, but in 1840 tho Washingtonian temperance movement was originated, and was followed l>y the establishment of Sons of Temperance societies, the Kechabitcs, and the Good Templars. In 1S73 the women of Hillsborough, in the State of Ohio, took np the cry of tem perance, and, by earnest prayer, 82 ladies were enabled in two weeks time to induce publicans to close 13 dram shops in Hills borough, and, in six months' time more than SOOO saloons were closed in the State of Ohio. The tidal wave of Chris tianity and temperance struck the city of Brooklyn, and the Women's Christian Temperance Association caused <1000 drain shops to be visited in a few weeks' time, and, with the aid of SI churches, no fower than 2500 dram shops were closed out of a total of <1000 sa loons in the groat city of the States. The State of Maine was next visited by the earnest workers in the cause of tempe rance, and tliey held prayer meetings four times a day. The grand secret in their crusade was to pray for something, and to stop when they had prayed for it, becauso it was better to do that than to pray " all over creation " for everything ; and they praised God for what He was going to do, and not for what Ho had done. In twelve months' time 1G0,000 men and women in the State of Maine signed the pledge, and over 3000 temperance unions were established in the United States. Having detailed the results of a successful visit to Sweden, the lecturer went on to say that unbelief and alcohol were the two great agents Satan was employing in Victoria to pre vent the growth of temperance and faith in God. Although they had clergymen preaching to the people day after day, the}7 found that very /slow progress was made, and it arose from the fact that many of the clergymen, after preaching, went away from their pulpits, and drank the'; infernal demon, Alcohol. Man's fall was attributable first to unbelief by Adam and Eve in the Garden of Paradise, and secondly to alcohol. Ho cautioned the gentlemen present not to go home and tell their wives that the fall of man was caused by a woman, for, although Eve tempted Adam, they yet found that man also caused his own fall by cultivating the plant from which intoxicating drinks were manufactured. The Bible, he argued, had not been properly translated, for there was not one word in the whole book which said that Christ made or drank a drop of wine. He hoped that before long the Bible would be faithfully trans lated, and not by dram-drinking theologians. He concluded a very inte resting discourse by urging all moderate drinkers to become total abstainers. It was announced by the Rev. E. F. ICing don that a public lecture would be de livered on Tuesday evening, in the Mechanics' Institute, by Mr Johnson. 