Benter's Cableg-rams. LONDON, JUNE 6. 7 lie Australians pom nenced -he York shire match at Bradford. WeatLer clear aud fine, attendance euoraious, wickets in good order bat not lively, the Australians in their first innings scored 128\. taurdoch batted bplendidly, never y;tve a chance for 49, then caught, Bow iy:m played well, bowled, 29. i£nalisy bowling and fielding excellent. York shire for four wickets, scored 100. Parkes has visited Tacwie's- (?) Antr werp, and Ghent, and lias been bau t|netted. He starts for Australia in a uiontb via the Oaj e, Russia pyoposea to increase the dn^y qn wool. la wqol theie is good competition, 8<h.' Ascot Cup.-Foxhal'. Faug-a-bollagh, PetioneL. At Nortliaiiiplon a large attendance at the cricket m-tldi, the wickets "not in good condition. BiiiiHinan 12, Massie 11\. M unlock .13, Hlackani not out 56, I'almpr 26, total 142. Englsh fielding goj-d, Nortluui»|»tou two wickets for 61. QCEES No- 3 a W. defied upforSSon 7dwts. I2gra. MESSRS. T. Buckland and J. Copper «e tfce the Justices suwmoned to Bitfcniiie w»* for Monday. Aw Extraordinary Gazette announces that Parliament will tneet for the despridi of business on Tuesday, July 4j&, WE are glad to I earn that* etock ofdia moudsjanured yesterday; .and tioBS will be commenced to-day - wwe ffi»" mood Drill Company in lift Cod; Inwl llt W second bore hole. , | \- -% Tips application by Hynes and Beftrdon for a prohibition against the Warden's decision nyas refused without costs. 'Xing applt^itiffii ,was fatlf. in Boven. . Mr. Maryland opposed the application. * Bona fide works of nt by recognised BngliRli masters, ace a noveliy upon Ouutwre Towers. Hovers of this class of house decora- 1 tion, hare now however an opportunity afforded them of purchasing some " gomBn ' from tbe painter's brush at Messrs Ackers and Wilson's sale at 3 p.m. 3be same Sim also announce in oar advertisws columns a sale of horses, Fnrniture, an Exhibition chest of Drawers and a Pianoforte and Harmoninm. j We observe by the last Port Denison SImet that the Police Magistrate in Bowen on the 25th May refused to hear Mr. Gregory solicitor in a case unless be apologised in open Court for remarks made on him on a previous occasion, and gave an assurance that he would not so offend again. Mr' Gregorj deuied that he had used insulting language, bat the Police Magistrate ruled that he had. *nd forthwith gagged Mr. Gregory. That's fie land of Police Magistrate wanted for Charters Towers lawyers. | LlKOTEKANT BOSS will give his opening entertainment to-night in the School of Arts. He perforated in Bocfchatnplon pbd Mackay lately to cnowded bouses and the local Pass speak in very eulogistic terms of his enter- j tainment. He explains and ^exposes some of the so-called spiritualistic 1 mirwla and ' trusting to science alone produces marvels f r surpassing the miraculous exhibitions of spiritualism. To-night he will introduce a j real ghost, no humbug in this, the spirit will circulate freely through the hall, aud those who can catch it may catch it. As a mind ' reader Lieutenant Kwe has proved his power before the most critical audiences. There a lot of fun in (he business and every one is amused as well as instructed. Judging by the notices in the Press ure 'be lieve that Lieutenant Base can keep' an audience in a state of wonder and amnseMt for hours. Vve have had no professional amnsemeu tjiere for months, outeide the Court House, and we would advise every one to go j to-night and enjoy therpase£ng fun. ' j HoUoKay1* Ointment and PHI*.-Rheuma tism and Gout-These purifying and southing wnedies demand the earnest attention of all persons liable to rheumatism, gout, scia:ica, or other painful affeciiions of the muscles, nerres, or joints. The Ointment should be applied after the affected parts have been patiently fomented will warm waier, when die Unguent should be diligently ruUUed upoit the adjacent skiu. unless the friction should cause pain. Hollo way's Pills shoold lie eiwul-j taueousiy taken to reduce inflammation and to ' purify the b ood. This treatment abates the , violence and lessens the frequency of gout, rheumatism, and all spasmodic diseases wbich spring from hereditary predisposition, or from any accidenial weakness of constitution. .The Ointnjeut checks the local malady ; the Pills preserve the vital power. 