BaBES. It is a mistaken idea tbat babes are at all times enjoying themselves when tbpy laugh, whether the Jaugli is prompted by amusement or extorted, Any one should from experience, be aware that there is no pleasure in a forced laugh; why should this fact, then, not aoply to infants as well ? For a few weeks after its birth, and while yet too young to be amused by sight or souud, mothers are daily stauding over the sleeping infant's cradle wishing to see one pf those quick hu!e smiles surround (he tiny mouth which are sure s'gns of colic. We.are so fend ot eeeit/g a babesmile or hearing it lau^b that we, as the child grqws older, resort tp artificial means to gratify our selfishness. If we can extort a laugh we $ake it for granted tjbat the baby: is pleased becpysej}: )p<»ks pleased, wkn in ireamy are bur in* It. To make a practice of tickling a babe's feet will rob it of free «pe@oh as it grows to mail or womanhood ; it becomes more or less lioj'ii; ami retains a decided inclination to undervalue i:self- Should «e not then suppose that the infant suffered fiotn our lorments— while we «erp pleased t<> sue it pull up one l;U!e f ot and then the other from our puiMiing feaiiirr or —ivhcii this tickling lias such i p talile eflVct oil its f'ody and mind in alter years? A lid then we. c nelly jolt a babe 011 our knee until its j boih is churned into an exhausted stupor, j its back nearly broken, and evtM}' one o( j 'ts pliant bones strained and !kmi». A bat'e may, however, iviiiiout injury, tie dandled gently if one h jnd supp'M'ls ihe stomach and the other its bask between { tin* shoulders. i To let a ehi'd untfer seyen or " eight | mouths old stand in your lap and hop, as a baby will, is loo severe on the lionet to be. The skeleton portion of its !>ody is soft and pliable, and the overburdens :/ii its limtis distort ibens, weakening the whole system, making the child bo«iegged and otherwise deformed. To toss a baby is giving it the same feeling that we ex periencc wheu seated in a swing and are, by a careless attendant, being hurled ' higher than .we desire to be. It is a most unpleasant feeling ; it is a torture, and nothing will prostrate a delicate woman quicker than such a trial. Then we should consider how much weaker is a babe, to have us nerves taxed with ! similar treatment and be plagued with a false exhibition of pieasure. i Children should be taught never to I frighten each otiier, A bright iillie boy, ; tour years of age, was, while his parents were out one day. terribly frightened by the elder childre i of the fair.il}' wrapping themselves in sheets and entering his presence fiom an adjoining room. And ! the consequence was shocking. From I tiiit hour and ever after the little teliow was insane, and died at the age of .seventeen, after living thirteen hoi rid years in ] daily and hourly diead of ghosts and i bugbears. It is most sorrowful to con- ; template such a sacrifice, just for a moment's fun to the thoughtless players, j Toink of the sufferings this child must . have endured, which might have been • prevent?d bad the children been taught i to better respect each other's mental ! feeling*. j Infants very often receive ill-treatment j from tlieii loving mammas. They are j lett in one position—on their bat-ks—for j hours, and, one might say, da}' and night, j A babe too young to twist itself round i in its crib should, when asleep, be j turned from one side to the other, and [ occasionally on the back, once every half- j hour. Wheu awake its position should ' also be changed often, and when held in : one's lap it should now and then be turned upcti the stomach, with hands free. Let us give the babes their rights— tender treatment troui their nurses They call for the action of our rea?oning powers in their behalf, and their demands are but fair and just. Let not the iillie ones be made into playthings for the eldere' amusement without the delicacy, preservations, and comfort of the mortal toys being undersiood and regarded teuderly. i I—Scottish Am^ricHn Journal. j A Lawyeb hi Central jNTt-iv York ciyos i the Draper the following account of one of his first casee : *' My client sued a neighbour for the ■ alleged killing of a favourite dog. The pi oof consisted in the mvsterious disappearance of t'je animal, ami (he possession of a dog's sain by the deiendmt which, after considerable argument, was brought j into court into evidence. It »a> majked I in a singular manner, and was positively ; identified with many ten's, by the 1 plaintiff's wife anil daughter as the uii- j doubted integument of the deceased Bo?e. I lu summoning up to the jury, I was in ; the midst of a hi«hl\'-col«>red Diriure of ! the virtue* of deceased, and of the .love of i lite children for their tour fooled fneud, | «hen £ was interrupted by a slight disturb- | ance in the crowd near the the door of ihe.j little schoolhouse which seryed as;court j liouse. Looking around I saw my client's j youngest son, a tow-headed urchin of | twelve, coining forward with a dog, ; whose skin wa* the exact counterpart nt ' the one put in evidence. The dog wagged ; his tail with good-nalureii composure, j and the boy cried, in bis childish treble; j * Paw, Bose has come home.' 1 gathered up my law-books and retreated, and I j have never had perfect conGdencc iu circumstantial evidence since.1* The same correspondent adds; "In the winter of 1879 80 I was compelled by business to speixt some time in Lower Canada. I formed the habit of attending ■ services at the Catholic church, there . being nootherplacc of public worship with- ! in many miies. The priest was a worthy j man, more distinguished by zeal than by ; learning, and his manner of managing his flock was often very amusing* On ono j occasion he described the (Jtinrch as a] .ship 'sailing proudly on, with the waves j of sin in vsin striving to overwhelm her, 1 and the waters of error gurgling under hei prow. But, my children,' he said, re-assuringly, * they can never prevail against, this ship; and why? Because j •she is founded on a rockT His audience j it is needless to add, were not sea faring j people, or it might have occured to them j that it was time to mau the life-raft," j 