CHAPTER III. A 8 T 0 B M Y I KIEETI KW. THE evening bad fallen, bnt there were botb moonlight and starlight, and the poor, de serted yonng wife paused in the garden, reluctant to leave it for the last time, and re garding the flowers and shrubs as if they were her dear friends, with whom she could not lightly part. She was standing there, waves of anguish sweeping over her at the remembrance of the many moonlit nights she had stood in that garden with her husband's arm around her waist, and his voice whispering words of love in her ears, when she heard in the road the sound of wheels, which presently stopped in front of the cottage, and then she saw the garden gate open. Stepping instinctively back into the shadow of a spreading lilac tree, Alberta saw two men enter the garden, one of whom she im mediately recognised as WiggB, her husband's valet. His companion was one of the villagers, whom the girl had seen before. The valet produced a key to the front door, and seemed surprised at finding it unlocked. Without a word to his companion, however, he led the way into the cottage, and Alberta soon saw lights flashing from window to win dow, and heard the busy sounds incidental to a removal. She comprehecded that, as Roger had said, the dwelling had been given up, and that the valet had been instructed to remora the goods in the evening, that she might not witness it, and, perhaps, question her husband's serrant It was not a long task to box up the few simple articles of furniture remaining in the cottage, and the two men soon came down stairs, bearing a box between them, which they placed upon the waiting cart. They then started to re-enter the house, the villager in advance, when Alberta glided from her concealment and touched the valet upon the arm. He started ag if he had seen a ghost. i ' Yon here, miss ?' he said, uneasily, con gratulating himself that his companion had ! passed out of sight and hearing. ' Madame, if you please, Wiggs I' returned Alberta, haughtily, and with the air of an express. ' Ah, yes, madame I Didn't yon get my master's letter, telling you that the cottage bad been given np V ' I did. He neglected to *'ate his present address, Wiggs. IB he ut'.'u in London ?' 11 suppose so, miss-that is, madame,' was the evasive reply. 1 Can you tell me his exact residence ?' inquired the young wife, in as careless a tone as she could assume. ' I cannot, madame 1 I know nothing about my master's affairs, except that I am to take away the furniture, and give up the key to the agent. If you want to know anything more, you must apply to my master himself at the post-office address he gave yon.' There was an air of insolence about the valet that poor Alberta was quick to notice, and she drew up her slight form with B dig nity that compelled a more respectful de meanour from the pampered menial. « Very well, Wiggs,' she said, quietly, yet as if feeling herself his master's wife. She turned away going towards the gate. When beyond sight of the cottage, she pressed her hands to her heart, as if a deadly blow had been struck upon it, and, gasping for breath, staggered onwards towards the Manor. As she was passing thc orchard, and rear ing the old-fashioned garden in front of the farm-house, her glances discovered a dark figure wailing in a patient attitude at the | gate, and she recognised Harvey Flood. Comprehending that he must be waiting there for her, she turned into the orchard, and stol? quietly up to the side-porch of ibe dwelling. She had scarcely mounted the steps when another dark figure started up from the bench, and a rough hand grasped ber arm. Alberta uttered a cry, although aware that this second figure was that of her uncle, and tried to wreBt her arm from his clasp. 1 Where have you been all Ibis time, Alberta?' demanded her relative, lierccly. ' Harvey Flood hus wailed hours for your return. Come iu here.' I He draw ber into tho drawing-room, where Mrs. Sefton, moro grim tbau usual, still sat ta state in her brocade gown, and without a sign of softening 6orrow on her countenance. She did not eren look up at Alberta, being apparently nbsorbed in the contemplation of the lace ruffles shading her wrists. Her son bade his niece be seated, and then roughly demanded, ' What does all this mean, Alberta? Mother tells ute that you bare been repeating the disgraoe your mother brought upon us. Wretched girl is this true ?' Alberta was too miserable, too utterly heart-broken, to reply. There was something in her uncle's rough ness at that moment that more thau ever grated on her feelings, and from which she shrank as from a winter blast. He was a coarse sort of a man, rough in speech and manners. His niece had always shanked bim ; until now he had scarcely ever addressed her. ' Silence gives assent, I suppose,' continued Archer Sefton, after waiting in vain for his niece to speak. 1 Mother says you told her you were married. Can you say that to me ?' Alberta flashed a defiant look at her uncle, and continued silent. ' Because,' he said, more mildly, ' if you can prove yourself a wife, even married to that fellow who took the cottage last summer, I shall be content. I did want you to marry Harvey Flood and so did mother ; but if you have chosen a younger man than be, I shall have nothing to say-provided you arc really married.' Alberta made Booie uniutelligible re sponse. . What is that you say ?' cried her uncle. ' Can you show me your marriage certifica-e ? Can you show me your wedding-ring ? If PO, you shall have my blessing instead of the curse I shall otherwise bestow upon you !' The young girl silently extended lier han I, upon one floger of which she had placed ber marriage-ring. Her uncle's brow lightened as he regarded that secret emblem and signet, and be turned towards his mother, exclaim ing, ' Why, mother, yuu said tlie girl had no ring !' Mrs. Sefton did not even then lo-up, dat said, in a loud voice, ' Hus she ¡my ol lier pioofs ?' 'Oh, grandmother I' erie I the. girl, ina wailing v ice. Mrs. Selton took no notice of this aopeal, which had surely softened any heart Ices stony th«n her own, and Archer demanded of hid niece further proofs ol lier marriage. ' I have no other,' moaned Alberta. * None, Alberta?' ' None whatever 1' ' What is your husband's name ?' ' I do not know,' was the despairing reply, the poor girl remembering her husband's assertion that he had deceived her iu regard to his name. This answer was sufficient to arouse all Archer Sefton's wrath, and he proceeded to denounce his niece in the bitterest terms, in voking curses upon ber. ' And this fellow, as you claim as your husband, and whese natue even you do not know, has been in the habit of coming up here to visit you olteu since last summer, I don't doubt,' Archer declared. ' He must think the Seftou women base and vile after bearing your mother's history, and finding you so like her. You shall not carry ou the affair longer under this roof. We will not harbour you another day 1' ' Hear me, ancle-' ' Leave the Manor, and seek your lover, wherever he may be. Wc don't want you here a moment longer it is all settled be tween mother and myself. You must go !' The young wife threw off lier pleading air, and answered, ' I will go. I know you do not want me here-you nover did. If you have never positively ill treated me, grandmother and LTncle Archer you have never given mo as many kind words as you hare bestowed on your old houeo-dog. If I have done wrong, you are both to blame as much as I am.' Mrs. Sefton looked at her 6on as though she were a martyr. She really believed her self the most noble and self-sacrificing of women, in having bestowed upon her daughter's child food, clothing, and shelter. ' Relieve us of your presence,' said lier uncle. ' We will nut have you hero to pro voke gossip among the servants and villagers. We have had e.iougli of that sort of tiling already.' ' Very well,' said the young girl, proudly. ' I will go in the morning.' ' No, girl, ycu go to-night-now !' 