"ADELAIDE GOSSIP. Adelaide, June 20. Long live the Queen 1 and may jshe have peace in her time! are aspirations befitting all loyal colonist*. Bless ipe! and is it 45 years since I saw the proclamation printed in two-line English on a broadside of double-crown (you non-pro- -fessTonalTeaders" will—wxenso "technical terms) posted on the door of the Shire Hall in my native town ? It is indeed. We boys then had to alter oar phraseology from God Bave the King to God save {the Queen, not so easy a matter as now, when Queen has been a household word for more than a generation. Just try the words : you will find your vocal organs have to accomplish quite a different action in passing from one to the other. i . The morning broke dubiously—thick and misty ; the barometer did its best, iiniT rose a point or two, but at 9 a.m. 1 a thorough Scotch mist enshrouded everything for an hour when it yielded to the persuasive influence of a gentle air from the westward, and tbe day fined as the hours wore on. The Adelaide youag mien very sensibly opened their Art Loan Exhibition at an early hour, and were active in the endeavor to sell season tickets. Tbey have gone into the affair energetically, and on thoroughly business principles, and it will not be their fault if it does not pay, and pay well. The bicycle contest drew together the admirers of athletie sports, a walking match and other attractions being added to engage tho attention of those who, like the baby Budge, " Liked to see the wheels go wound." . Then came tlie row made by sellers of race cards, and tbe crowding of traibs bound for the Morphettville. coursey.and after that the mustering of the footballers and their admirers. I hear that a majority of the so-called Norwood team are really Melbourne inen, and that the influence of that club has been constantly exerted in tbe direction of getting old chums over from the neighboring colony by finding billets for them here. If such be the case the theory formed to account for their defeat, on the ground of our climate not being favorable to youthful development, fails to account for it unless, indeed, deterioration quickly follows their transfer into our warmer clime. However it be the Melbourne men had the game almost all their own way against the Norwood, so that, watching the goals they got, became quite monotonous. They meet the South Adelaide to- day, and may find they have a tougher job on hand. The Adelaide Young Men's Association have been successful in getting the loan of "a large "number of really excellent articles for their exhibition. Pictures predominate, but there arc many and varied exhibits of other kinds. In a rapid glance around on the opening day I failed to see much of the work ofthe young men themselves. His Excellency, in his opening speech complimented them on having instituted a parliament among themselves, and especially on their having so far acknowledged " woman's rights" as to give lady associates a vote in the election f members thereto, but it is to be hoped hat the young men will not confine their efforts to the cultivation of oratory and. neglect other^and more tangible 'acquireentB such as painting, sketching, sculpure, making mechanical models, collectng of specimens of all or any kinds, &c.; he exliibits-are -woH -arranged-and-will ccupy hours pleasantly in inspecting hem. • / A return has been moved for. relative to etiring allowances granted to Governent officials. Two cases have come under my notice in which men employed workshop took-advantage of . the opportunity. One n no received .just w jlOO andjeft ^te^fea sita^tioil «^rbej*er agefe at a manufacturing establishment in toWb ;~the° othef whoi had rftrt been so many years in the Government employ got £70 and has since directed bis energies into a more profitable channel. As he justly remarked he might bave stayed on for another 20 years or until he was 60 years of age without reaping any urther advantage, and so thought best to avail himself of it at once. I have heard - of several similar instances but am ot in possession of details. Wb'y Government should not act as private individuals ct with regard to those they employ—pay hem fairly and treat them justly, and disense with their services when no ; longer eeded—is a matter that puzzles many inds. ••.> • The Onkaparinga election resulted in a mall victory by Mr. Bees. As I wrote efore, it was hardly to be expected that Mr. King would score so many in his abence as. he might otherwise have done. is friends worked hard for him, es ecially Mr. Playford, who would no oubt havelbeen glad to get him returned ith, a view of getting his aid to form a abinet when circumstances should call or a change. In Mr. Playfonl's. ov^n olling district nearly all the votes were or 'Mr. King. As proof of the power ersonal presence exercises over electors t may be cited that Mr. Bonython, of the dvertiser, who spoke at several meetngs in favour of his co-proprietor Mr. ing received many promises of support f he himself would come forward. Of ourse he could not entertain the idea on lie present occasion, but having so far ut his foot on the political platform, it ay be the desire to take a stand as a reresentative on some future occasion may ave been implanted in his .breast : Mr. ohnson at Oakbank worked hard for Mr. Bees, and the votes in liis locality,. shew ow powerfully one diligent local supporter ay affect an election. Dr. Deane polled iardly a ihird of the votes of either Mr. Rees or Mr. King although he is a resient in the district :' this says- little for ocal . representatives, and rather illusrates the proverb Omne ignotum pro agnifies—which freely .translated may ead that." the lesB a man is known the ore he is thought. of." ' Mr. Seller's mall, immensely small score, of : eight 8) votes is the least number I ever reember being given to a candidate in a arliamentary' or..municipal election, and hould certainly-serve, to put A' quietpB on hat gentleman's extraordinary ambition— be having 'been, rejected more than once. t is Waid that he was a nominee bi a man With a big purse who would have come forward himself-had he "thought lie had the ghost ef a chance. • ; < ' Tlie office of Chairman bf ComthitteeB, which Mr. Townsetid has announced his intention of resigning, will not have tog 10 begging. Messrs. Carr, :Furner, land Hardy .are candidates for the •position. The first-nauied has filled the office temporarily, and has virtually a claim fromis long* service as, a representative, 'to any'l)enefit it i8 in the power of tbe'HoUBe to confer. Next to him alphabetically, nd as the more suitable man generally, Comes Mr. Fumer. Mr. Hardy knay have special mxalifica.tionB,.bqt 8a$ ; to : pp IPBS regard edwitb .^avor by, metplfera generally. ... Matthew Burnett is.attacking the sly [ rog shops on,the Nairne,railway lipe. in! is own. peculiar apij commendabjo faahion] not in die way of espionagb and cap-. ure; a6 do the police, hut '.by jhe more! oral method of educating their Ifortnert ustomers to do withont^rOg; If tbere aret o grog-drinkeratherewiH be ooaly^grog' ellers. ; Thia bard-working, appejiei' of fpipei^pco, rocceedal „ i n u 2 p Q avvies.to agn tpeiijledge.^ae coi^trapor<B, Merara. Walker & Swan*' jraVk Mr. IMIFETT• GRCAV'ASSFCTANCE'IH 'CARRYIN^ONT heobiectB bf his'mistdoh.;* It is'% feufa f rejoicing that he 'haa with so rough a class of men. Some surprise has been expressed that a case brought against' a solicitor at Port Adeluide for disturbing-a religious service held 1-y the Salvation Army in some building there, was in* tlie "first instance, remanded for further evidence, and afterwards was allowed to. be-settled out of Court by payment of a contribution. Bearing in mind a recent case in which some so-called respectable voting men committed some breach of tne peace in Adelaide, and after being " run,in," wore k't off by a compromise, such coses go to show that what is sauce for the goose is not always sauce for the gander, especially if the latter hold his head high up, and moves in " respectable" society. One would think the more respectable the more deserving of merited, punishment It is a great matter for regret that the City authorities are allowing the Suburban 4Vam- Company to-take* up tlm wooden guardB ,by thb side $f th'ejrjals. The idea is that the swelling and shrinking of the wopd disturbed the xoad metal, but the facts are that the. wood,, although worn in places, afforded a rounded surface, up which the wheels of ordinary traps, ran to overcome tlie obstacle of the rail. Now, the sharp angular edge of the rail in many places sticks up from' one' to two inchas above tbe level, and is really dangerous to cross except at nearly a right dingle, while tho projection of an iron bar of say 2£in. wide makes vety insecure footing for horses, and very hazardous work for careless drivers of traps. To indicate the frequency of business changes-4n- «oIonial-- life here it is orjly ipecessary for an eld chum to take an observant walk 'along our principal streets, and note the few names that have remained for the last 20 years. A friend has taken the trouble to do Bundle and Hindley-streets, with this idea. He found that only nineteen old 'standards remained in Hindley-strefet and but 29 in Rttndlestreet. Some have made their pile and enjoy the otium cum digmtate in suburban villas; others have gone another way, through the Insolvent Court; and others stijl have passed totheboHrnefrom which no traveller returns. Messrs. Duncan and Fraser, the coabhbuilders in Franklin-Btreet, have 'three railway carriages in band for the'Government in order to meet the demands of tlie narrow gauge lines. This is as it should be. Judging from their former < efforts the firm will turn out wprk in every. way a credit to themselves and the colony. They have also commissions in band .for the Parkside tramway. The line' for the latter has been commenced'; and" is being laid in a thoroughly substantial 'manner, with tarred metal in the •'centre -and squared blue-stone blocks .on, tbe outer side of the rails. Another, gold-mining coippany was advertised last week—the Bird in-Hand Extended V 40,000 shares bl'£l -each ; no free shares ; to work 20 acres'of land-on the line of the Bird-in-Hand retofj which shows above the surface, the > advertisement concluded with, tbe notioe:''AAU the shares in tbu compaqy .have been taken up." The more the merrier, and if the reefs extend from ".here.to hinder," as they say in Suffolk, so much the better, and it iB to be hoped they will nll 'be worked .and pay 'as well as the Biid-in- Hand is likely to do; - . As a set off against the foregoingpromising picture comes a grpmblipg lett^r frpm a shareholder in the Alma Gold Mipe who complains that the compjmy is oyer £2000 in debt; that thfe 'cuftingtjf the reef and an abundant supply df wMi^Heem to be as far off' as ever;' «ad.that the machineiy. has been erected m the wrong place. On the •other, hand, the manager^ report^ from the Blinman., copper mine are full, of hopeful prospeots.of. discovering some sulpliuretin . depths,'whence, (judging from the extent of the'carbonates already excavated, and which are Only exudations from' the duppoBed mlphdrets) will "astonishthe world". May: he be a true prpphet say,L .,,.< I have been informed that a lady de siring to engage a cook was told by pne of the new comers, who professed, to . be such, that Bhe would not go under£l,and Required two evenings out in die week-and every other Sunday.' A professed housemaid valued her ewnservides ait 16s. a week with similar privileges, and would not go were washing had to be done. > It; ;may prove they over-estimated the elasticity of the market. DELTA. 