AFFAIRS IN FRANCE. [From our own Correspondent.] Paris, September 23, 1S32. What is the best way to bowl John Bull out of Egypt, or compel him to surrender, or go halves in his successes? That is appa rently the question which now is taking hold of the French mind. Abusing- England has been found not to pay, even when the vitupe ration is headed by M. de Lessens, who is responsible for the deeply altered relations between his country and England, and who has the questionable merit of having thrown in his lot with ' Arabi and the Nationalists ;' and what is worse, it was his fussy influence auu uiuruiuaie vauity biiat. ueciueu me Cabinet to desert the English at Alexandria. So much the better— as results prove — for England ; and so much the worse — as people here know to their cost— for France. It is hardly a week ago since the journals were eulogising Arabi as a Todleben, a Washington, and similar unconscious carica tures. His earthworks were a succession of Plevnas that would use up all the expeditions England could send. Months, aye years, would be necessary to reduce the 'patriots,' and ultimately appeal would have to be made to France for generals possessing genius and soldiers accustomed to success. These predictions having been so extraordi narily belied the journals in question auda ciously turn round, and demand that since Egypt was conquered without an effort, almost without a blow, matters have under gone no veritable change, and Sir Garnet ought to decamp. I allude to this kind of writing as simply indicative of how the French smart from the effects of England's victory. In the parallels adduced from modern and contemporary history and held up for the imitation of England, the French journals— and the remarkable fact deserves to be noted and remembered— of all shades studiously avoid allusion to Tunis. Yet the occupation of Tunis deprives France of the right to moralise for nations ; it will be her Banquo ghost for many a long year. Then it is diffi cult to know what claims France has now upon Egypt more than Austria, Italy, Turkey even. The 'double control' arrangement must not be renewed. It is not a dignified position for Frenchmen and Englishmen to be officially spying one another. Further, having declined to defend that arrangement by arms when invited by her partner, she re tired and her right is lapsed. Another sentimental grief is the canal; here England must also be decided. As four fifths of the shipping passing through is British she is not likely to imperil the canal, for it is a bad bird that fouls its own nest. In order to finish with the threats of M. de Lesseps and his international bone of con ^nn+^/vn if* ia s»rk~m~fYif'tt~il--r mmnm^ liana 4Tia4 Lvuv«wijj &v; ig \\-vi-iniwmj i uiuvivu aavatw uuau England has the concession for the making of a second canal, and the establishing of a new commercial port on the Mediterranean that will supersede Alexandria, and eclipse, if it will not absorb, Port Said. The moment English capitalists announce the project of the new canal the Egyptian question will be settled, in the sense that England will be left to morally settle down 'provisionally,' which means in undiplomatic language per manently. By her presence in Egypt England renders important service— first to herself, next to Algeria and Tunisia by reminding fanatical Mussulmans that the rod is always in pickle for them ; and last, but not least, to civilisa tion. In proportion as England has risen in the East French influence has fallen. England will never gain anything from ' in timacy' with France. She has had lately sufficient proof of this. She can be inde pendent; France cannot be so. Yet the French proclaim that their alliance is a matter of something like life and death for England. When this popular error is extir pated also from the French the latter will the sooner be able to comprehend her isola tion, and what she has lost by her DeLesseps and maniacal publicists. By the arrest of Kiddera Pasha the 'foreign' correspondence cf Arabi is now completely in the hands of the English. A few missing links were M'anted, which have been, supplied by the fall of Damietta. Inclusive of the Sultan himself, the French and Italian Governments have been furnished with proof, as strong as holy writ, of the intrigues in which some of their proponent officials were mixed to dethrone Tewfik and checkmate the or-ly power that remained true to him, as he was true on his side. The new law on obligatory education is dis plajing a little friction iu working, but there is nothing of a nature to compromise the measure. Besides, politics enter largely into the question. In any case the nation does not display any enthusiasm about the reform. No progress has been made in the work of healing the serious dissensions among the re publicans, who lead a cat and dog life. M. Duclerc has only been laughed at for express ing the opinion that a house divided against itself must fall ; the radicals have served him with a notice to quit, and there is every like- ' lihood that he too will be down among the dead men before, say, the Czar is crowned. Eyes commence to be again turned towards Gambetta; his Egyptian policy — action and coalition with England— is now seen to have been correct, and the demand is increasing for his scrutin de liste plan of voting, for which he was ejected from office. In presence of such instability France cannot count upon the alliance of any power. The ri- servistes have put in their twenty eight days. The poor fellows were playing at Prussians and French throughout an almost continued downpour; where roads were not muddy the fields were next to bogs ; the_ four weeks* roughing has melted away the solid flesh of many, a fat and greasy citizen. The generals in their orders of the day admit that they are content with the men, but we know Fiench generals must, ever employ a very large dose of flattery. There was no thing actually new in the manoeuvres ; they are so modelled after the tactics of the Ger mans that a Prussian might fall in and feel himself at home. There is much inequality in the constitution of the officers' corp3, the mem bers not displaying any approach to uniformity of intelligence ; the army, like every other nation's, suffers Jrom the want of noacora missioned officers. There ifl no% the slightest desire to make the army a profession ; men under the flag count the hours till their ser vice be expired. Politics also have swayia the corps of officers, which constitute two camps, monarchists and republicans. Mack of the disorganisation of the army is due to the frequent changes— about once a year — of the ministers of war, caused by cabinet ups and downs. One minister has hardly the time to even undo all the work of his prede cessor. The cavalry is not viewed as being up to the mark ; the explanation offered is, that it is only being trained to new tactics. More latitude is being accorded to the pri vate initiative of the generals, 'and to foresee is more than half-way to victory. The French are making up lee- way in the matter of rapi dity of movement. Marshal Saxe observed, 'that victory is in the legs.' Sir Garnet Wolseley has just illustrated this, and Napo leon I. acted on the theory in his maxim ' strike rapidly.' Statue erection and statue domoktioa proceed with equal rapidity ; it is not un natural that being the ins, the republicans should honor their forgotten worthies in bronze and marble. Perhaps it is owing to want of sites that the municipal council of Caen has ordered the removal of the statue of Louis XIV. from the public square of the town. It is to be hoped no harm will be done to William the Conquerer. In the Place de Victoires, in Paris, there is also a statue to the Sun King ; the greatest wonder is that it has escaped removal. But we are more tolerant in the capital ; witness the setting up a few months ago, close to Notre Dame, o£ the statue of Charlemagne, under the aus pices of an extremely republican munici pality. The hat is being sent round for a statue to Jean Jacques, Rousseau, and Marat. When will the turn come for Fouquier. Triville, and Robespierre ? German opinion having expressed the de sire to occupy some portion of Africa and establish colonies may explain why the French call upon their Government to ratify the treaty of M. de Brazza with King Makoko, who holds sway somewhere in the Congo. That slice of Africa, along with Madagascar, ought to compensate the French for the flight of the English into Egypt. Bat what does France do with her colonies ? Sfee cannot people them, having no population t» send there, and her sons prefer short com mons with M. Grcvy rather than an estate flowing with milk and honey in the vicinity of King Makoko or the strong-minded Queen of the Hovas. According to the city surveyor, the only practicable method of watering such narrow and at the same time busy streets as Bundle and Hindley streets is by watercarts ; but im the wider streets in which there is leas traffic, the watering could be more cheaply done by hydrants in a similar manner to that em ployed in Melbourne. The cost, however, of fixing the necessary hydrants would be £1 each, and these would have to be placed at not more than 100 feet apart. It is a fact, says Mr. Langdon, acknowledged by all sur veyors who have employed both methods, that the watering of streets by means of .hydrants is pot nearly so destructive to them as the watering by carts. This may at first sight appear improbable, but it is none the less a fact, for the water from the cart does not fall evenly as it does from the clouds, or from the nozzle of a hydrant. The council . are advised by the city surveyor to make a trial of standpipes and nozzles in one oi the wider business streets, say Carrie or Grenfell street. 