THE EUROPEAN MAIL. VIA ME^OURNE-GALLB, OLD COUNTRY NOTES. FROM FOR OWN OOP.nii.8P0NDl NT.] LONDON, October 6. FIGURES, which Cobden used to say could be made to prove anything, are sometimes like the photographic apparatus : they cannot err. Of this category are certain statistics published by the Irish Registrar-General. It is a worldly black record [of crime, to be read only with painandshame. The stories published from time to time in the English papers, and copied all over the world are often not true, and its always safe, unless there is corroborative testimony, to receive them with doubt. It is but too true, nevertheless, that the heading "Another Murder in Ireland" appears almost daily with r just cause. How many of these crimes are agrarian, how many traceable to discontent, we shall perhaps never know. In yesterday's paper, for example, there is the story of a murder committed by two disguised men, who in open daylight walked up to a farmer working in his fields, shot him, and sauntered off scot free, the affair throughout being witnessed by some schoolboys who were attracted \- by the spectacle of the man taking off his hat and humbling pleading, so far as they could see for mercy with the dark-robed strangers. The terror-stricken schoolboys ' learned a lesson that day they will never forget. 1 The assumption is that the two men were hired assassins, who had no personal quarrel with or knowledge of the victim, but were merely obeying the behests of a secret body. But of this there is no proof, although information recently given to the police would give colour to the belief. Since the savage murder of the Joyce family in Connemara there has undoubtedly been manifested a disposition on the part of poor people who hitherto had con- nived at crime to assist justice in discovering and punishing the criminals, and the authorities, spite of fitfully recurring and startling murders, are more hopeful at the present moment than they have been at any period during the past three years. But whatever the future may bring forth, nothing can ever obliterate the blood-stained records to which I referred at the opening of this paragraph. The figures are not to be disputed. indictable offences in Ireland showed in 1891 an increase of 3500 over 1880. For five years in succession serious crimes in that country have showed a steady increase. It is double in proportion to the population to what . it was in 1876. While the total of J crimes punishable after trial by jury were during last year 4177 in England, and 5715 in Scotland (in proportion to the population), they were 7745 in Ireland, where the people in some relations of life show a _ higher state of morality than in the other of countries. An analysis of the crime list shows us exactly how the monstrous disproportion is created. During 1891 the murders in England were 12; in Scotland, 15; in Ireland, 40 Cases of manslaughter were-In England, 51 ; Scotland, 51 ; Ireland, 82. The record of malicious offences against property is still more marked-being 1074 in Ireland, 193 in Scotland, and 121 in England. At the same time writs, summonses, and ejectments had increased in corresponding ratio. For this year the crimes have not been so numerous, though in unspeakable savagery many of them have sur- passed anything previously known in a civilised country. On the one hand we have the murders and malicious offences above enumerated on the other a return of 35,990 writs and summonses, and 4323 actual ejectments by sheriffs' officers. Well may the motto of the perplexed and distressed be "God save Ireland." If the book itself has not reached Queensland yet many of your readers must have noticed the reviews of " Reminiscences of an Old Bohemian." The author is old Dr. Strauss. There is scarcely an attempt at concealment, though the reviewers make a show of not know- ing him. The question is often asked What is a Bohemian ? These reminiscences will supply the answer. But such Bohemianism as they describe is a thing' of the past. Of the old set there are few left, and most of them have abandoned or outlived the qualifications which entitled them to rank with the Bohemians of Dr. Strauss's time. In the days of which he writes the literary, artistic, and journalistic men who drank out of pewter pots and smoked long clay pipes, who gloried in inability to pay their debts and detested a brother who wore clean collars, were not ashamed. The new generation is different. The modern members of the Savage Club do not think the old Bohemian for the picture he has drawn, and Dr. Strauss, whose name was years ago struck off the books for non-payment of the subscrip- tion, is probably little aware of the change that has taken place. There are a dozen clubs now where twenty years ago there was one in Bohemia, and somehow, though the young members assume the airs of fashion, and will not allow- the whole of a pipe or the odour of gin and water to come between the wind and their nobility, they do not produce any intellectual giants that will bear comparison with the disreputable gentry of the past age. It is amusing to see the disgust of the few respectable old Bohemians who are left at the puppy is young actors who "have had" all over the clubs to which they belong, and survey the rest of man- kind through their eyeglasses. There are no more ambrosia nights when sledge-hammer with falls right and left. The Bohemian clubs gain by having purged and taken to live cleanly, but they have lost the olden brain power. Dr. Strauss's book, therefore, describes what was not what is. It had better not have been described at all. The survivors of dead Bohemians must be pained to find the weaknesses of their relatives exposed, though side by side there is an abundant glorification of their strength. In life their lovable natures and fine genius covered their sins, and in death they need not have been uncovered. The old Bohemian excuses himself by the plea that old age is garrulous. Garrulity spoken, however, is not garrulity in print. Still, from the " awful r warning " point of view, this book may do a little good, for the author with much frank ?- news shows how-, beginning life with bright , prospects, he finds himself, halfway between the 70th und SOtli milestone of life, stranded on ! ' a lee shore. It is often urged that history, like certain wines, should not be unsettled until time has mellowed it. But it is the fashion now- not to wait. History keeps pace with the materials that supply it. Every newspaper is history. Histories of our own times are found to sell, and that is a sufficient reason for their publication. My young Queensland friends have the advantage of studying English history from a distance, and in a calm and sunny atmosphere. To them I would fain recommend a serial which, when finished, will give one of the com protest histories of this generationyetpnblished. it is called " Gladstone and his Contem- poraries," written by Mr. T. Archer. I recommend it because it is fair and unbiassed. A partisan history is a mischief. This is a clear and accurate description of the empire from 1926 to date, and the enterprise of the Scotch publishing house of Blackie and Co. is well rewarded by the great popularity of the work. A few of the leaders in the political world have been indulging in extra parliamentary utterances while they might have been making holiday. It was hard 1910-11 them to rush them around in the slight interval between the adjournment in August and the Autumn reÍ Fathering on the 24th October. What has been said shows that Mr. Gladstone will not pass his procedure resolutions without determined opposition. You may remember that during the earlier part of the session, before the murder of Lord Frederick Cavendish and Mr. Burke necessitated an abandonment of all but the Arrears and Crime Protection Bill, the Government were not unwilling to meet the Opposition halfway, and accept a two-thirds majority, in lieu of the closure. The subsequent obstruction and disorder in the House This led the Premier to recede from " point" con- ciliation and cast anchor once more within the breakwater. He has announced his determination of standing by the closure resolution, and many are the Liberals who are at present sticking on the horns of a dilemma. The successful finish of the Egyptian campaign is a godsend for the Ministry, which, beginning the session in dire straits, losing Lord Cowper, Mr. Forster, and Mr. Bright during its progress, and beset on every side throughout, now finds itself more popular than it has been at any time since the return of the Liberals to power. It may happen that the difficulty of deciding what to do with our victory, now we have won it, will prove harder than the campaign by which it was achieved ; but, if one may judge from the provincial speeches of Sir Stafford North- cote and Mr. Lowther, echoed by muffler most of the party, there is no disposition to harass the Government on the Egyp- "' tian question. Indeed, the pleasant doctor. I 1901 knife of compliments. IMweou Sir Stafford ' our Northcote and the Glasgow politicians leaves! one a little in doubt whether the lion and the lamb are not intending to lie down together. But Sir Stafford cannot avoid being what nature has made harass mild-mannered,, amiable English gentleman, who is respected by everybody, and who by some ill fate finds himself at the head of a party that would saturate him with gall if they could. My Lord Salisbury has been rusticating in his French chalet, else there would have been roaring, in high places. There is yet time for him to make a dust before Parliament meets. The Conservatives will do good business suspect, by supporting the Property and Defence League, at the head of which is Lord Elcho. This society aims at protecting all manner of vested interests against over govern ment, and is bound to be popular. Even staunch Conservatives and loyal Whigs, when grandmotherly legislation touches their breeches pockets, cordially endorse the motto of one of the American papers:-"The world is too much governed." So Sir Stafford Northcote, in his Glasgow speech on Wednesday, adroitly introduced the subject into the watch- word which he recommended to his Conservative friends, that watchword being " Freedom, Freedom of Speech, No picture, Freedom of Contract, Freedom of Opinion, and No Caucuses." The words I have italicised were significantly cheered, as they might be expected to be by the canny Glaswegians. I sincerely trust that Queensland stands where it did. It does not, however, appear in its wonted place amongst that collection of telegrams which once a month or fortnight is published in the English papers via San Francisco. Reuter's agency is responsible apparently. On the 5th October (yesterday) there appeared the usual telegrams from Victoria, South Australia, New South Wales, an New Zealand; but Queensland, which generally comes into the catalogue, is entirely absent. If the reason is that there is no Queensland news good or bad to send one cannot but remember that blessed is the country that has no history. Some day, I suppose, we shall get a fresher system of telegraphing from Australia. The news published yesterday is a month old. This is so far a magnificent shooting season. partridges and pheasants were never more numerous, and sport has been excellent everywhere. There have been several causes for this happy state of things. The August rains were not a disadvantage, followed as they were by a fair September, for, thanks to the late harvest, the birds secured a fortnight's extra law, and the modern method of close reaping gives the partridges extra chances in the stubble. Although the prayer composed by the Archbishop of York for reading in the churches, after the Egyptian success, has been mercilessly chaffed by the Philistines, it was almost universally adopted. But not altogether. The Rev. Mr. Haweis, an original and talented preacher, who every Sunday attracts large congregations of fashionable people to his West End chapel, declined to read it, and in his sermon specified reasons why I have never seen a paragraph so generally quoted throughout the three kingdoms as the short summary which appeared of the sermon, and as it represents the true feeling of-I have no hesitation in saying more than half the people of the country, I will here insert the closing sentences : "War might have been waged for the canal or the bondholders, or both, and it might have at last become necessary ; but that British forces should be used to silence real grievances and crush anything like national aspirations was a calamity-a calamity which no admiration for the ability of our generals and the bravery of our troops should make us forget. Thanks- givings as for a special interposition had been offered up in many churches, but, admitting the war to have been altogether just and needful, he could not adopt that language, for he did not believe in any Divine interposition in this matter. He did not believe in the steady and divine triumph of justice and truth and freedom in the long run, but history and experience showed that the triumph was often retarded by the action of subordinate causes, such as big battalions,' and he supposed few people really doubted that we had conquered the Egyptians, not because we were in the right and they were in the wrong, but because we had the heaviest hand.' The notion that in particular battles God fought for one side more than for another seemed to him to be a pagan, or at most a Jewish one. The Romans believed in Castor and Pollux, and Joshua believed in a tribal God Jehovah, who stopped the sun, fought for the Jew, and occasionally put him through some very doubtful transactions. But the religion of Christ spoke of a God of peace and consolation, who was the Father of all men, and who, in spite of their wickedness and weakness, in every conceivable way loved and pitied both sides alike." While there is a furious opposition, flavoured with an occasional public disturbance in Coventry, to an obnoxious vicar's rate imposed upon non- conformist members of the community, and an organised resistance to the levies upon farmers' goods in Kent for payment of extraordinary times, the annual Church Congress has been meeting at Derby and the Baptist Union at Liverpool. If the Church Congress does nothing else it shows that the Church is at last fairly aroused to the necessity of work amongst the poor. The usual conflicts between the Evangelicals and High Churchmen have enlivened the proceedings ; but if these episodes on the one side reveal angry feelings, on the other they tell of vitality. And the outside world, though it cares nothing about rituals, and creeds, likes to see a stir made. The Church of England is by this reason growinglypgpuliir, though the coquetting of some sections with the stage and the Salvation Army, is a subject of derision and disapproval to the many. Our old friend, Father Ignatius, has turned up at Derby, and made a very good impression, spite of his monkish garb. Mr. Lyne has been now before the public some fifteen years, and it must be said in his favour that he has been consistent. At first he was laughed at and denounced, but he has kept on, turning neither to the right hand nor to the left, and preached simple gospel doctrines with a fervour that has never flagged. People have got therefore, to overlook the sandalled feet, shaven crown, and friar's frock, for the sake of the man's austerity of life and feverish earnestness and to admiration of this, rather than to belief in his peculiar way of representing the catholicity of the Church of England as by law established, he may attribute the toleration extended to him at Derby. The canons who have taken part in the congress business have come out well, proving also another thing namely, that the day is past when the fat things of the establishment are given to dunderheads. No modern Prime Minister would dura appoint such sleepy headed prelates as used to be foisted upon the Church. A canon now-a-days must be au- able man. Deans and pretends. have to win their spurs. Guion Gregory, for example, of St. Paul's, the idol of the High Church party, is a clover speaker. The intellectual ability of Canon Farrar, of Westminster, has been shown in many a good book. Canon Trevor, the rubicund Yorkshire man, is learned and eloquent. Once the lay- men at these congresses were able, as the saying goes to "show a light in the matter of smart- ness to the clergy, but the laymen now have to take a back seat. Earl Nelson, Mr. E. L. Wood, and Mr. Beresford Hope are tame by comparison with the clerical speakers, who seem at these Church congresses, and in their nibs against each other in the ecclesiastical controversies of the day, to have got rid of the mannerisms and shibboleths which went so much against them in the days when they returned and dressed, rather than seek out the men to mon. At Derby yesterday one of the speakers said a very good thing, to wit, "You mustn't expect to be able all at once to make a drawing-room saint out of a tap-room sinner." A Yorkshire clergyman described the efforts of the Ritualists to unduly magnify the eucharist as an attempt to localise God in a piece of bread." This terse outspokenness to be sure raised a storm which the presiding Bishop was forced to allay by timely inter- position, Father Ignatius, too, in a discussion upon Christian unity, said, "I would rather listen to a Primitive Methodist who has been in the Holy Ghost's school, than to a whole college of dons who have not yet had that reading, and the same speaker roused his hearers into enthusiasm by his peroration-" That Church which brushes away the rubbish from the lock, and exhibits it to the sinner, is the Church which will be upper- most in the day of the Lord. If the Roman Catholic Church does it, up with the Church of Rome. If the Church of England does it, up with the Church of England. If the Salvation a Army does it, up with the Salvation Army." li 