POLLARD'S JUVENILE OPERA COMPANY. This evening Pollard's Liliputian Opera Company will make their first appear- ance here, at the Mechanics Institute, in an English version of Planquett's tuneful comic opera (in three acts), " Les Cloches de Corneville." This company is reputed to comprise a number of exceedingly clever young artistes, and their performance of this opera has evoked the warmest press praises in Tasmania, New Zealand, and Melbourne. The Pollard family, the nucleus of the com- bination, hail from Tasmania, where they achieved a reputation as musicians and voca- lists previous to enlisting outside talent, and so enlarging their numbers for an operatic tra- velling tour. As "Les Cloches de Corneville" has never been presented to a local audience, the following outline of the argument, or plot, will prove interesting to our readers : - The Comte de Lucenay, attainted for political reasons, flies from France, leaving his infant daughter Lucienne and considerable personal property in the care of a retainer, Gaspard. This wily Norman, however, foreseeing that the Comte may nover return to claim his own (which indeed happens), brings up the child as his niece, under the name of Ger- maine, and gratifies his insatiable greed for money by hoarding the Comte's treasure. He has chosen for his coffers the decaying rooms of the old Chateau of Corneville, long since deserted by its lord, attainted of treason like De Lucenay, and an exile fromFrance. The grandson of this Marquis de Corneville is, however, alive, and the interdict on the es- tate having been removed by the King, the village gossips believe that one day the long expected heir will return. Meanwhile the Castle has an evil notoriety. It is haunted; mailed spectres stride along its corridors, and ghastly phantoms flit across its lighted windows at night: But, in truth, these are devices of the cunning Gaspard to frighten away all intending itenants of the old Cha- teau. At the opening of the opera a knot of girls are on their way to the hiring fair. Amongst these is Serpolette, a waif picked up by Gaspard on a bank of wild thyme in one of his fields, and grown now into his servant of all work. She has thrown up his protection, howevcr, and seeks a better place. Germaine eventually joins the band, also flying from Gaspard's house-but from a very different motive. The old miser has promised her hand to the village Bailie, a pompous, meddling old fellow, lately come to his kingdom, with a strong desire to open the Chateau and audit the Barony accounts. Now, Germaine has betrothed herself to a ne'er-do-well of the locality, a young fisherman named Greni- cheux, who, as she supposes, saved her from drowning. But in fact her deliverer was really the long-lost heir-the young Henri de Corneville-now captain of an armed ship with a roving commission, who a year be- fore had put ashore at Honfleur, to re-visit the house of his fathers. At the opening of the drama he again returns-and this time resolves to take possession of his ancestral castle. The hiring fair, where he engages servants-amongst others Germaine, Ser polette, and Grenicheux (now turned coach- man), concludes the first part of the story. The scene changes to the haunted halls of the Chateau, as the young lord, with his officers and crew, torch and sword in hand, break into the deserted rooms- and lay their plans to surprise the adventurers, whom they suppose to be really the ghosts of the vil- liage tradition. Two discoveries bearing di- rectly on the fortunes of the two heroines, are here made by the Marquis. Firstly, he finds that the girl he rescued from the sea is the Germaine who has captivated him, but who believes herself bound in honor to Grenicheux. Secondly, he discovers certain documents (left by old Gaspard) referring to the flight of Comte de Lacenay and placing of his infant daughter with the miser. The vivacious Serpolette immediately rushes to the conclusion that she is the noble child in question, and thenceforth gives herself all the imaginary airs of her rank. The arrival of some one is announced by the scouts - Grenicheux is put into a suit of mail to watch the intruder unseen-and the Mar- quis and his crew retire to the Armoury. The old miser appears-works his phantoms, lights the candelabra- wallows in his gold and then comes a swift and awfnl vengeance. The rusty bells toll-a ghostly chaunt is heard-then a legion of mailed spectres-all the dead and buried Lords of Corneville appear-and advance on the appalled miser, who sinks wandering and terror-stricken on his gold. This startling tableau concludes the second part of the story. The last act is devoted to the unravelling of the mystery attached to Germaine. This is done by patching together the hints dropped in his ravings by old Gaspard who confirms them, on his return to sanity, and owns that Germaine is not his niece, but Mdlle. de Lucenay. In the same mo- ment that young lady learns that she is free to give her hand where she loves, for that to Henri de Corneville, and not Grenicheux she owed her life. Across the serious in terest of denouement comes the lighter texture of Serpolette's fortunes. No sooner does she assume the silks and satins of rank than she is undeceived as to her real posi- tion, and has again to look forward to sabots and cotton. Over the betrothal of the Marquis and Germaine come this time gladly the" chimes of " Les Cloches de Corneville." 