TALES AND SKETCHES. THE KEY OF THE IRON SAFE. BY DUTTON COOK% Author of Honso.,'s ChcuOE, I-fexfiosTER's Daughter, Youkq Mb Nightingale, Qveb Heaij and Ears, &c.;, &e.; ""'v Chapter I. ' The firm of Netherston sad Milbourno solicitors, tenanted chambers in one of those vsst buildings, Aladdin's Palaces, devoted to business purposes, wbich have of late years \- sprung up in our capital. It was n huge rabbit- warren of offlcos, pilod up high, -floor upon floor, and filled with lawyers, brokors, mer chants, agents, and by many who escaping distinct classification aro only known vaguoly to all thoir frionds and acquaintances as "soinothing in tho city." Within tho imposing entrance the long' lists of tho names of tbo in habitants inscribed upon tho walls wore as Ps'scs after pages of tho Commercial Diroetory printed in capital lettera.From the hall a grand etaircasoasceuded toamazinghoigbts,and inter- I loinablo corridors branched off in all diroctiona. . Indeed, from the roofs above, where prodigious familios of pigeons congregated, to the cellars bolow — a labyrinthino kingdom, poBsessod by a famous firm of wine morchantB — the house, '"Great Grasshopper House phambors,Grace- church Btroot, wss tho propor addross— was. quito donsoly populated. All day long thoro resounded through its numerous passages the ' humming as of many hives of boea. There were ohoeB and reccboos of distant voico and foot- tops ; curious reverberations and whisperings roomed to lurk in all tho nooks and cornora of «ie edifice; wbilo tho closing or slamming of re. moto doors produced sounds now of a rambling thnndcrous Bort, audnow of tho sharply ex plosive chnractor of piBtol shots. < It was a most busy place. ThiB, of course, was in tbo daytime.' At night Groat Grass hopper Houbo wsboss temple of thedoad. Its tonants all had fled from it. A strango hush foil upon it ; all was solemnity tfnd silenco. Lifo soomod wholly oxtinct in it, eava that at intervals a watchman or caretnkor carrying a lanthorn and wearing a sort of human-glow worm look, crept quickly about tho halls, passages, and staircasos, to soouro tho build-, ing and its contents against injury from thioves or firo. A "teil-talo clock," onablod his omploycrs to ascertain whothor this functionary had or had not porformod his nocturnal dutioa roguiarly or punotnally. CnArTEn II. MrNethorston, tbshoad of tho firm, was not in a position to stir himself mnch about its transactions. He was of advancod ago, and his stato of hoalth was precarious ; ho had not absolutely rotired from businoss, hut he only visited London occasionally, residing for tbo most part in his picturesque and oomfortable villa nt Torquay. Ha placod implicit confi- donco in his junior partner, Mr David. Mil. bourno, and by him was constantly advisod -concerning tho proceedings at tho oflice. Tho partnorswero friends of long etanding ; Mr Milbourno oven had boon articled to Mr Nothorston. Thoy bad prospered groatly, enjoying the confidence of numerous clients of woalth and distinction in the city. Thoy woro concerned for many publio companies and institutions of importance. Altogether thoy woro to bo viowod as solicitors of enviable ro- puto and good fortuno. Mr Milbourno was now of middlo ago, and ' looked parkaps older than ho roally was. The \- flight of tho yoars found record in tho linos upon his forolicod and the doop wrinklos about his eyes ; in tho iron-grey of his hair, and a certain dimness of sight which compelled -him to resort to spoctacles very frequently. Ho was ioBS upright of figure than ho had boon; of late years hiB shoulders |iad bocomo rounded somowliat, tho rosnlt, perhaps of his habitual bending ovor his desk in tho attitude of writ- ing., lie had never married ; a love affair in oarlylifo, resulting in hitter dissappointmont, was nllogcd to bo tho explanation of his coli'. bato state. But no one spoko on tho subjeob now ; whom, indood, could it concern? The early lo'vo affairs of innturo gentleman of fifty are butris'that kind of "nnciont history" which is understood to bo very uninteresting to overybody. Mr Milbourno occupiod handsome apart ments in Oiarges str'eot, Piccadilly. Ho had been for many yoars tho tenant of Mrs Bellamy's drawing-rooms in -.that street. Ha did riot protend to be a man of fashion, but he admired and enjoyed tho West End of London. He usually dined at his club, tho Mausolaum in Pall Mall. After dinner he repaired to tho card room of that ostablishmorit ; nothing pleased him so muchas a game of whist. In- dsod; whist may be describod as bis special hobby and form ofrocroatiqn. Whist badboon known to keep him up very late at nigiit, and away' from his bod in OlargeB-stroot. But as Mrs Bellamy was wont to observe, " ho gave no trouble." Ho lot himself in with his latch key, lighted his candle and crept upstairs ab , quiet as a mouso. And Mrs Bellamy had known gentlemen that were uncommonly noisy to bo sure whon they came horiio at nights But Mr Milbonrne was that steady and con- . sidcrate, ho wae quito beyond prniso ; while for punctuality in tho payment of Shis dobts to hor, clockwork was nothing to him. So Mrs Bellamy maintained. Chatter III. . One morning, botwoen oloven arid twolvo, a sprightly, sharp featured young man .knocked attho door in ClargOB stroot. Mrs Bellamy promptly appeared. Sho usually deputed the duty ;of opening tho door to one of hor. sorvants ; bIio employed two, sho was wont to stato with some prido, and there was 'no need therefore, forhor to perform inouial duties. But, ns she afterwards obsorvod, it was a morning of some confusion, arid sho was novor above being useful ; happening to be in tbo ball when the knock came at tho door she hadstraight-way opened it. The young man smiled 'and nodded in a manner that might bo thought affable by some andimpudont by others, Mrs Bellamy not being ; quite clear which it was presorvod a stately calm, and a certain rigidity of port as she turned questioning looks uponthe visitor. " You romomber mo?" ho said, quickly.. " I'm Mr Callow. From tho dffioo." " Oh, I seo. Mr Milbourno's articled young gentleman," sho nnBworod, with a change of aspect.' Then, after a pause, Bho askod, "|Do you bring any message from him ? " " From him ? No ; I wanted to see hiim" , " He ia not in at present" , "Wlien do you expect him in?" . "I cant say . I don't know wheri to - expect him." I "At what time-did he start for the oity?" Mrs Bellamy seemed troubled howto reply. Presently sho said with some hesitation, "I really don't know anything of Mr Milbonrne's \- movements." iliO IQUli IH| BUIU tllU jrUUUg luuu HO can't, gbt on without the key of the iron safe. Aa Mr Milbourno did not turn up at his usual time, I'vo been sont here to ask about him, and get faisi key. Wo thought he muBt. be ill or something or other had happened' to detain bim. Mr Kimbor— onr chief dork, you know —told mo to como bore as quickly as I could and moke inquiries." ' "Mr Milbonrne's not at tho office then ?" said Mrs Bellamy. . "Of courso he isn't,or'I shouldn't have oome hereto ask about him," i ; . - "It's odd. I thought porhaps' he'd. gone «n straight Wilio office. I have not seen him' this morning ; noit' I think of 'it, I haven't soon him since yesterday morning." . . "Well; if ho isri't hero and isn't at the offioe," obsorvod the Articled clerk, "tho question is whoro the deucS.is hfl _ " One can't help fooling a little anxious,.', said Mrs Bellamy norvously— tho color 'had faded from her cheeks, which wore not pallid ordinarily, and hor voico trembled oomowhat. "One does hoar of each dreadful things happening. I supposo its no use boating about tbo bush. It's best to toll tbo trutb." " The truth, tho whole truth, |and nothing but the truth. That's your sort," sold Mr Callow laughing. " I don't know that there's much to laugh at," Mrs -Bellamy roturnod, with an air of re- pi oof. " But I must toff you that Mr Mil bourno did riot come home lost night" " Not at all ? Stayed out all night I" In his surprise tho articiod clerk whistled noisily. "If such a thing bod happened to me peoplo would havoeafd- all manner of things." " But Mr Milbourno's so particularly steady and rcspoctabio." " I daresay tho steady and respectable have their lorkB occasionally, you know," ' said Mr Callow,' "But think of his time of life. Why, he's quite old." " I don't know whothor somo of those old boys don't havo more fun than tho young onos," the articled clork remarked, sagely. "One thing, the old boys havo usually moro monoy to fling about them. And fun costs money ; that's my oxporionoo. All tho satno, I novor saw many symptoms of fun about Milbourno. What's bocomo of him, I wondor? Wo shall havo to advertise for him, I supposo. 'Lost, stolen, or strayed, an elderly gent, answers to tho natno of Milbourno, Christian name Daniol, Round Bhouldored, hook nosed, groy haired, uses spoctacles, takes snuff, carries an umbrella, &c.;, &c.;' Depend upon it it's a caso for the police." "It's no laughing matter, Mr Callow. That's mv onlnlon of it." MrsBollamy was quite right. It was not a laughing matter. Chatter TV. Mr Callow spent many hours riding in a hansom cab to and from Clarges-stroot and Groat Graashoppor Houso, making inqnirios concerning Mr Milbourno. It was taken for granted that he would present himself in tho conrao of the day oitbor at the office or at his residence. -But time passed, ho did not appear, and no tidings of him wero forthcoming. It was evidently inconveniont, to Bay tho least of it. MrKimbcr, tho hoad clerk, was much porploxod. Ho tried to porsuade him self that Mr Mitbonrno hnd boon suddenly sent for and' accidentally dotaincd somewhere. So many thingsmighthave happened. Ho might have beon Bummonod somo distance to take instructions for awill, say, of aciioritirioxtremis, who could riot bo left for a momont, who hod many instructions to give, and was onljr inter, mitteritly competont to givo thom or to. adviso with bis solicitor ; or supposo that Mr Milbourno himself, or that seme one of hiB next relations, had beon seizod with illness. Was that so improbablo ? Throughout tho day Mr ICimbor continued to watab tho ofiioo door, and'to listen for the sound of approaching footsteps. If Mr Milbourno himself did not appear— and it was always likely that ho would— it was only reasonable that a messen- gor. a friend, a postman, a telegraph boy, . would bring nows of him. Still no nowB came. > As the hours wont by Mr Kimbor grew moro and 'more uneasy. Ho could soarcoly conceal now that ho was anxious and alarmed. "Somo thing must have happened," he said to him self ovor and ovor again: and soon ho was persuading himself that tho something in quostion was somothing serious— something very serious indeed. Ho did not wish it to bo thought, hawevor, that ho had taken alarm too readily. Ho might undergo reproach if he acted too energetically or treated as a grave mystery a matter which might really bo sus ceptible of a very simple explanation. It would bo too absurd if ho were to raiso a groat huo and cry or set tho polico about a man who might bo distant only a stone's throw, or earn ing round tho corner oofo and sound oven at tho very moment of a great search tor him being sot on foot. For thoso reasons Mr Kimber was loth to quit his attitudo of wait ing and watching, tho whilo he reflected that soon ha must do somothing— ho know no ' what— but somothing— if Mr Milbourno did not prosentiy appoar. " So unliko Mr Mil bourno," ho frequently ropoated. "So very unliko Mr Milbourne. He never did such a thing before, To think that we should bo all day long without tho koy of tho safe! ". > It iB to he explainod, howovor, that Mr Mil bourno was not in tho habit of taking away thiB koy with him, for it was an instrumont of substantial sizo and weight, by no moans suited for doposit in a gentloman'a pookot. He was usually content to place tho key in his writing doBk, which was securod by a patent lock. , Arriving at hie office it had beon his wont to unlock his desk and roloaso the key of tho safe, which was not, it will be understood, a mere strong box, but an iron cased chambor of some size, containing all tho iriora import ant books, papers, and writings of the firm. Mr Kimber was surprisad to find that Mr Milbourne's desk had beon left unlocked ; the koy of tbo safe was not within it, howover- Access to tho safe was very necessary for tho carrying on of tho business of the firm. Cer tain of tho clerks found somo difficulty in sufficiently ooenpying . thomselvaB in tbo absence of the key and Mr Milbourne. A duplicate key, as Mr Kimber knew, was in tho hands of Mr Netliorstori, nt Torquay. It might beeomo necossary to apprise Mr- Nethoiston of Mr Milbourno's non-appoar- ance, and apply for the duplicate key. But this was not a step to be taken without doliboration. It was very desirable that iu his stato of health Mr Netherston should not be 'troubled. Bat of course ha would have to be troubled in tho ovont of Mr Milbourno'e absence continuing. The day passed. To Mr Kimber's great distress nothing was seen or heard of Mc Mil ' bourne j Mr Kimber resolved that he would defer action in the matter until the following morning. It was probable that the early post would bring news of the absent solicitor. Mr Kimbor, howevor, passed a very rosdoss night. Chapter V. . TKn TTin'rnlriflr mmn. Rtill Afp MHhnnrnft did riot appear, nor did any letter, messago, or tcllegraih from him arrive at tho office. Mr Kimbor resolved -that there was now no holp for it ; the police -must be communicated with, although no publio alarm was yot to be given. Mr Callow woe despatched by express train to Torquay, the bearer of a letter to Mr Nethore- ton,' informing trim of the positipn of affairs, and applying for his duplicate key. ' The police-constable, consulted as to the dis appearance of Mr Milbourno, inquired when bo was last seen. Inspector Ferraby, an -officer of repute for his sagacity and energy took charge of tho caso. The inspector'e questions, and tho answers, he obtained, both in tho City nnd at tho Wost End, informed hirii of Mr Milbourno's habits ahd ways of life. ' In the matter of work, it seemed he was not accustomed to-spare himself; he was novor in a hurry to quit his desk -©ccnssionally, but not often, ha had remained iii bis oflico after the departure of his clerks Had ho remained iu his offico on tho night of his disappearance ? It really scorned that ha had. He had -dismissed the clorks, telling thom thatthoro wii.s no oeoasiori for thom to romain. He was alv'ays a eonsidorate gentle man, thoy said ; but tifi had somo writing to do, he Btatod, and ho cou.M best aooompiisb it it in tho quiet of Groat Grasshopper Houso, after office hours. Mr Kitrihor had left Mr Milhourno seated at hiB desk ii his private room which opened into tho oleics' offico. Mr Kimber had turned down the gaj. . but bad not turnod it off, knowing that Mr Milbourno would require somo light to find his textile outer passsgo. |Haif an hour aftor the closing of the offices it was usual for the housoEfoopur, who: lived on the promisee, or her sorvsufs, to ontor with brooms and brushoa, , to sweep out any dust or litter, rake out the grates, ancl generally tidy and cleanse the rooms, Inspector Forraby oxsmined tho houso- keoper. Bho had ontorod tho offices at hor usual timo. It might have been half-past seven or a quarter to oight. Mr Milbourne was not thoro then. Tho offices woro quite empty. Sho hod not seen or heard Mr Milbourno go. In so largo a bnilding it was quite a chance if sho ovor hoard or saw the going or tho coming of any person in particular. '.She know that he had gono, howovor, bocauso she did not see his bat or his umbralla. Ho always carried an umbrella. . Supposing, then, that Mr Milbourno had loft his office at bovou o'clock, say, whither bad ho gono? Not to Glarges etroet. Mrs Bellamy was quite positive ss to that. Nor to his club. Tho inspector hnd carefully inquired at tho Mausoleum. Mr Milbourne hnd not dined thereupon tho night in quostion. Nor had bo been soon there sinco, It came to this, than : Mr Milbourne had boon last seen alono by Mr Kimbor at about half-paBt -fix. Tho solicitor was sitting at his dosk ; ho said simply that he ahonld not be long, but that ho wanted nothing more, and no ononocd wait for bira ; and in a friendly way bo bade his chiof clerk good night. An hour later, and bis room was ompty. He had gono forth, and nothing moro was known of him. No ono had seen bim. To be prooiso, it- was on tho night of Tues day, tho I f tb March, that Mr Milbourne die. appeared. It was on tho morning of the 15th that Mr Callow called in Glarges street ; on tbo lGth ho was sont down to Mr Netherston at Torquay, who forthwith telegraphed that ho would himself nrrivo in London on tbo 17th, bringing with bim his duplicate key of tho'iron Bafc. Inspector Ferraby confossod to himself that ho was puzzled. Ho was careful not to confess ns much to anybody else, howovor. Indeed he did not hesitate to mnintain that ho possessed a ciuo to the mystery, tho while ho as sumed an aspect of shrewd reservo and calm vigilance. He had fairly takon up his abode in Great Grasshopper Honso. ' OnAPTKR'VI. , With the presoncoof Mr Netherston upon tho scene, and tho production of his duplicate key, > the mystery of tho disappearance of Mr Milbourne was solvod, but in a most painful and evon appalling manner. Tho strong room having boea opened, tho body of tho missing solictor was discovered in a huddlod attitude upon! the "iron floor. Apparently tho poor man had been thrust into tho room with soma violence. Thoro was a wound upon his scalp where bis head bod struck against ono of tbo iron shelves of tho safe.. Ho had, porhapB, already assumed bis hat and umbrella when the murderous assault was mado upon bim ; at any rate, these rested beside his body, It was possible, of course, that they had been flung in the safe after him. " Murder," observed Mr Ferraby, in a low tone, :" if there oyer was a murder." Mr Nothorston was deeply nffectod. He staggered back inn fainting state, nnd but for the support of Mr Kimbor would have fallen heavily. Frcaontly bo recovored himself, how ever, and Bnid with groat solemnity and fo'reo, "My'poorpartuer ! Ihave lost the best arid truest friend man over hnd. Olio more true-, hearted aud right minded, more just and | honorable in all bis qeaiiugs, more Etna ana tender ntfH amiable in all'the relations of lif than my poor partner, Daniel Milbourne, never trod the osrth. ' But our duty -is oloar. A ; foul and oloar murder has been committod. Justice must be vindicated. God will help us I to discover the criminal and avenge the crime. Inspector, you will understand thpt no oxponso will bo spared. ' There will bo an inquest, of ' course. No doubt the Government will offor a reward for the discovery of tho murderer, I , Bhall myself offer alike reward, or a larger. ' I will spare no pains or money in discover- : ing and dragging to justico tho assassin of Daniel Milbourno." A doctor was sentfor,bnt ratheras amatte1 of forth than for any othor reason. Ho pro nounced, what all knew beforehand, tha Mr Milbourno had been dead soma days ;' that ho had died of suffoca tion. : Excepting tho wound upon his head - bis body Bhowed ' no marks of violence. His dress was not torn or disordered in any 'way. There was no evidonco of his having been engaged in any conflict with his murderer. . A forcible push into the strong room, and thon the quick turning of the koy upon bim, and the murder of Daniol Mil' bourno seemed to have beon accomplished. "A word with you, Inspoctor," said Mr Nothorston. Thoy conversed in low tones : apart from the othors. . " Who has dono this ? " . " That's ruthor more than I can tell you at present, sir," answered Inspector Ferraby, " Do you suspect anyano ? " "In cases of this kind I make it a rule to suspect all parties until I find evidence pointing to one party in particular. Wo begin in tha dark, of course ; tiiat's .nature, that is. But we grope our way to the light by degrees ; or the light dawns upon us." " But what is your first step usually in a case of this kind?" "We, look about us, sir. We watch 'and wait. Somotimos the other Bido, I mean the criminal, does something to help us— tries to throw us off the scoot and so puts ub on. Criminals must always be' doing soinetbing ; they cannot keep.quiot. That's the nature of criminals, and then wo ask ourselves who had anything to -gain by tho murdor ? and was last" with the murderer ? That helps us, you know." , "Kimber was lost soon with Mr Milbourno.' "Most respectable man, Mr Kimber, Ihave no doubt," observed the luspector. " Valu able and confidential clerk, I understand; been in tho service«f this firm a groat number of years,'. Men of oxcelloat character, who could produce, - III undertake to say, any number of first-class testimonials. Might I ask you if you svor contemplated giving him his articles— that's ffao correct oxprossiori, I beiievo, and taking him into tho firm ? Or — to put it plainer— hnd Mr Kimber anything to gain by the death of either of the partners? Would his own interest bo advnnoed in any way by tho removal of Mr Milbourno ? " "Good honvons, msn,"oried MrNethorston, " you 'don't snspoot Kimbor of tha murder ? You might withjust as much reason vuspoot rao?" " Fardon mo, Mr Netherston," said tho Inspector, " You could provo a olonv alibi, you know. You woro at Torquay. Now Mr Kimber was on tho spot, and moro than that ho was tha last person who saw Mr Milbourno alono. The murdor was . committed between six and eight o'clock, we'll sayi Kimbor admits that he was on the promises until six. That brings him . ratboi; near the crime, to say the least of it. Yop see, ho had abundance of opportunity. Hoikqpw all, about tho safe. It was very easy for bim, so respected and valued as a confidential servant, to approach quite oloso to his cmployor aud givo him a push. It was j tbo work of a moment, no doubt. Mind, I don't say that ICimber did it, ; that's to be proved. But as wo must suspect semoono why not Kimbor ? Aftor all, what do you know of Kimber really? Wbatdo employers over know of the private livos, the doings and goingB on, of their clorks ? For all you know Kiriibormny hnvo speculated deoply and lost, not on tho turf, that is not likely— but on the . Stock Exchange ; or he may havo robbed you, embezzled monoy and falsified tho accounts; such things aro dono every day. Of course you have never suspected him, and havo not found bim out. But suppose Mr Milbourno made certain discoveries, and remained lata at tho offico to hnvo a private talk with Mr Kimbor, out of hearing of tbo other clerks ; it might— I don't go further than that— I say it might bo worth Kimber's while to push his omployor into tho strong room, and mako an ond of him, Suddon provocation, what tho doctors call homicidal impulse, and the thing's done." "If you suspect Kimbor, you may as woll snBpect any and evorybody olso. Tho other clerks, the housokoopor, her servants, the watchman, tho people in tho adjoining chambers, tho othor tonants of offices in Great Grasshopper Houso, tho commissionaire at the entronco, tho policoman outside, tbo vory passers-by in the streets." ' "I may happen to Buspoct a good many be fore I find tha right one to suspect," said tbo Inspector, quiotly. "But I must begin with Bomeono, sol begin with Kimber." "Thoro will bo no ond to it. Wo shall got into such a state of suspicion that we shall think everything, the most trifling article about us, suspicious and possible evidence in tbo caso." As Mr Nothorston spoke ho glanced round tho room, Beeking as it Beomod, e meaaB of illustrating his remarks. "Those gloves, for instance." Ho pointed tea pair of light tan-colored gloves resting upon Mr Milbourno's writing-table, and but half-hidden by tho inkBtand. ""Whoso gloveB are thoy, by the way ? They're not mino." "Nor mino," said tho Inspector. " No, nor poor Milbourno's. He never woro gloves of that color, and' he could Snot have . squeezed his hands into gloves of that size." Inspector Ferraby promptly took possossion of tho gloves, and, with an assumption of a csrolesB air, ho sought their ownor. Ho ascer tained that thoy did not belong to Mr ivimuor, ro lur uauow, or w any u. .vuu uvuuv j clcrkB in the office. Thoy woro a'man'a gloves, i of small sizo. Thoy bad been worn, but wero j not much soiled. - I To whom did thoy belong? Wero thoy, in- ! doed, to bo considered- as a clue to the dis covery of poor Mr Milbourno's murderer ? The inspector oxamined them closely. Did they j present any marks by which their ownor might bo traced? Tho inspector Bmelt them, Was there! not a faint odor about thom, as of snlphur or turpentine, betraying that they hod been cleaned? Were those signs initials? This was certainly the name of the maker .or of the trader who bad vended thom ; and tho figures denoting tho sizo woro plainly visible, " 73.". A stranger's gloves found in the murdered man's room! Tho inspeotor wrapped the gloves in paper and deposited thom in his ' pocket, Ho mado an entry of Bome length in his note book, and then he took to brooding a good deal ovor the matter of tho murder, as though discovery could be arrived at by a sort of incubative process. Chapter VII. ; Tho murdor made a great stir. The news papers found it an exciting thome. Reporters. ' descriptive writers, nnd draughtsmen upon wood for the illustrated journals elnBterod about Great Grasshopper Houso day after day providing the publio with tho latest intelli gence! of tho occurrence, with pictnres and portraits of the placos and persons most con- corned. Tho Groat Grasshopper House Tragedy— as it eamo to bewailed— was speedily a general topic of conversation, nnd oven took rank, as an eminent writer oxprossod it "among tho fow domestic ovonts whioh by tho depth nnd tbo expansion of horror attending them rise to the dignity of a national interest.'1 It was pointed out ou all Bides that what had been Daniel Milbourno's fate yesterday might bo the fate of any othor lawyer, merchant or And pooplo asked each other nervously, "Who was safe?"— nor was any satisfactory reply - forthcoming, Thoro was, of course, an inquest. Ths corouor'B jury viewed tho body, the strong room and generally tho promises occupied by the firm of Nothorston and Milbourno. The facts of which the resdor has already been informed were duly stated in evidence by Mr NotherBton, Mr Kimber, Mr Callow, nnd othors. There had been a Ipost-mortom examination of tho body. Inspector Ferraby was called. In the courso of his testimony he produced the gloves found in Mr Milbourno's room. He was obliged to confess, howovor, that ho had not succeeded in tracing the gloves to their owner. The case was enveloped in mystery. It was proposed that there should bo an open verdict: Wilful ' murder against some persons un known.! Suddenly a voice wss hsard in tho oonrt. "Mr Coroner, I request that my evidence may be, heard. Those gloveB are mine, I identify them." Ghaptrh VIII. There was corisideroblo exoitomont. or what the newspapers call " sensation," iu court, A gontlomanlyiUoking, well-dressed young man, stepped into the witness box Ho was of fair complexion, but somewhat sunburnt, with light- colored and curling hair, a small mous tache, biit no whiskers. Ho possessed regular- features,' almost effeminate in their dolioacy and refinement. His appearance, altogether, might have been properly described by the reporter ; as " prepossessing," but that tho term is usually rcsorvod for fomale witnossos or prisoners. His manner was reasonably calm. It' was cloar that he was discharging a duty that was now and not agreeable to him. Ho was; unaccustomed to givo ovidenco in court, 1 and ho felt apparently, as others hav . folt before him, that the position of a witness before a legal tribunal is ono of embarrassmont and difficulty. Moreovor, the gravity of the case in wbich ho appeared could hardly bo ex aggerated. His name, it appeared, was Charles Daimar. Ho was not in businoi Ho possessed some means of his own, and he confessed that' he mode monoy on tho turf. A bill of oxohange accepted by him had como into the possession of a client of the firm of Nethorston and Mil bourno. .He had failed to honor his acceptance. He had beon threatened, therefore, with legal proceedings, and produood , tho letter ho hod received from tho firm. It informed him that a writ would bo issued against him on the 15th March. To avoid this ho hurried up from Newmarket on tho aftornoon of the 14th, no was late in calling at the offico of Messrs Nothorston and Milbourno, for hie train had beon considerably behind its timo. Ha brought with bim money to satisfy tho claim, mado by; tbo lawyers on behalf of their oiient. It was later than six o'clock when ho reached he office of tho firm, but he could not eay how much later. It might have been half-past six. Tho clerkB bod left apparently, bnt tho doors wore not cloBod and the gas was burning in the offico. A gentleman who stated himself to bo Mr .Milbourne came from an inner room. Tbii witness had nover seen him before, bad never before entered Great Grasshoppor Houso He explained to Mr Milboarno tho object of his visit. His intorviow scaresly lostod five minutes, Ho handed tho solicitor bank notos for eighty pounds, with rmo sovereign arid somo odd silver— ho could not stato the pre cise amount— in settlement of tho claim for interest and legal expenses. In return ho re ceived tho dishonored bill, which he produced. Ho did not ask for a formal recoipt — he was contentto obtain possession of the bill. Why didjho pay in bank notes ? Ho had rccoived bank notes upon Nowmarkot racecourse, and had naturally applied thoso to satisfy tho domand mado upon him. Mr Milbourno. would probably have domurrod to accepting his cheque in oxchango. The interview over, tho matter of business concludod, he bad loft Mr Milbourno at his doBk. Could not say whether ho hod or not in going out closed the door of the oflico behind him. Had noticed tho largo iron Safe — it was open, and tho key stood in the lock, ho thought, bnt he was not sure. . Had not observed anyone lurking about tho entrance to tho offico, AM was Vory quiat. , Bid not remember meeting anyono in the pas- ; sage. Did not miss his gloves immediately ; ! thought, at first, ho must havo left thom in tbo cab which convoyed him from the station j to Great Grasshopper Houso. Recollected \- afterwardB that ho bad them on when ho on- ' | tcrod the lawyer's oflice ; bnt it wss too late . then to go back for them. Ho hod loft Lon- ! don tho following morning. Hod not seen the ; newspapers for somo days, Directly he beard of tho murder he hurried back to town to give evidence before tho coroner. He had only ar rived in town that morning. Had now (old the court all ho knew. In reply to the coroner's j inquiry as to the numbers of the bank notos he | . bod paid Mr Milbourno, he repliod that'ho did not know tho numbers. Many hank notos psBsed through his hands, but ho novor kept I account of thdir numbers. The mites came to ' him frofn strangers for whom ho had made netB on commission, xno notes proDamy liaa - beon obtained from tho local bank about New market. He understood, howevor, that country banks did not record the numbers of ' tho Bank of England notos they received or I paid out. It wub judged that Mr Dclmsr had given bis i | evidence very fairly. Ho had answerod j promptly overy quostion put to him. An ad- | journment of the inquest was proposed, but ! I tile Coroner thought that upon tho whole they : might as well terminate their labors, and leave fnrther.proceedings to the police. So tbo jury | roturnod an opon verdict. ' Chapter IX. | Large rewards were offered for tho arrest and conviction of the murderer or murderers - of Daniel Milbourno, arid it was understood i the police were most active and ' indefatigable I iri their endoavorB to solve the mystery of the crime, and to bring the guilty to justice. No arrests wero made, howover, and people began to talk lightly of tho intelligence of the law, and to inquire rather contemp tuously concerning the 'theory of tho police.' Much was said indeed at this time as to "the theory of the police," Tlie nowspapers opened their columns to vory diffuse correspondence 'upon the subject, amatour detectives from all parts of the country proffered suggestions as to tho proper course to bo puraued. It was pro posed that arrests should be made now of Mr .Kimber, now of Mr Netherston,' and now of young.Mr Callow, the articiod clerk. Somo viewed with suspicion the evidence of Mr Delmar ; others held it to be cortain that the housekeeper nnd caretaker at Greet Grass hopper House knew more about the murder than they professed to know. In certain quarters a desire ' prevailed that ' poor Mrs Bellamy Bhauld bo brought bofore a magistrate. Altogether much , advice was forthcoming of an impulsive, ill- digestcd, and therefore rather worthless Bort. Thnnolica kont their own counsel : if thev had formed any theory thoy, were careful not to say\vhat it. was. They looked as wise as. thoy could, but held thoir tongueB; So far they, at any rate, prqvod their prudence, 1 General opinion accounted for tho murder in I this manner : Some evil disposed person, ' lurking aboat in tho desorted passage of Great : GrosshopperHouse, had watched Mr Delmar enter the nolio.tor'a office, and seen him trans fer hank notOB to Mr Milbourne in exchnhge fortbe, dishonored bill. Mr Daimar having taken his departure,, it was easy fortius evil- \- disposed person to steal bshind Mr Milbourne, snutch'the notes from him, and ' suddenly thrust bim into his own safe. The bank notes, of course, were missing, without any chance of their being traced. The key of the safe was also musing. ClIll'TKB X.. For some time Mr Kimbor was unpleasantly conscious that'ho was an abject of suspicion. Turn which way ho would, he saw, or fancied that ho saw, the eye of a policeman fixed upon him in it scrutinizing and distrustful manner. It was bard; for few men regre tted the decease of bis employer more' sincerely than did Mr Kimbor. 'Hocorild orily rely upon the ex- cellencoof his character, his well- known re spectability, and hope that in time he might live down the misgivings ou his account, even . of the police. It was different with Mr Delmar, He, too, was under surveillnnc'o. The tall, thin figure of Inspoctor Ferraby' followed hiin like his ' I hadow. But he had not Mr' Kimbor's con solation. Mr. Deiniar had no 'reserve of repu tation to fall back upon, He turned upon tbo officer ono day. " Look here. I have had about enough of this. When are you' going to- let me alone ? Whon is thore to be an end to this ?"' " Whon the murderer of Daniel Milbourne is discovered," said the Inspector, : " Givo a dog a bad name and bang him,- Yori want to hang me, I suppose fo nt"! want to hang the murderer of Daniol Milbourno.!' s '"I know|i'm a bad character ; that my kind of life isn't considered respectable. People think because a man bets be needs mu3t be a regno; that all are black sheep who go on the turf, But, like somoopo olso, ,wo are not so black as we are painted. I'm a man of good family, I'd havo yon know. My father was a clergyman, I received a University oduoatian. I'vo lived liko a tronlleman, though I do attend races, and, now and then, I admit it, am ter ribly down on my luok." "I know all. this about you, and moro, Mr Delmar,". said tho Inspector"' "You persist, then, m dogging my footsteps, in hanritirig'mo like a ghost?" I " I must do my duty, Mr Delmar." I " Thej reward tempts you, I suppose. Old Netherston, I hoar, is very liberal with biB monoy.' He'd pay any amount, they tell mo, to discover tho party who was roally guilt; of the murder," " Mr Netherston 'loss what he thinks his duty, and I do what I think mine," " I hen I'm to see you which ever way I go, am I ? You're to follow mo whether I go east, west, north, or south, are you? Well, I warn you ; it's onough to madden a man, Yon may try my patience too far. And Bome day when I look round and find yon following my foot steps I shall bo tempted to— " "Not to murdor me, Mr Delmar?" As tho Inspector spoke, ho seized the young man by the arm, "No," Baid Mr Delmar, with a strango laugh, " Not to murdor you, Mr Inspector, . only to givo you in chargo. As I said! before, I worn you." Mr Dolmar turnod on his heel and departed. There was a cruel and wrath ful expression on his fare. He was of a deadly pauor, sua niB uiuo oyos nasuea angrily. Tho inspsctor mused : "A violont man, ; of vicious habits of life, liable to fitB of passion, unscrupulous, vindictive, pitiless. He is capable of any crime. He carries a revolver. He would have shot mo then if he bad dared, or the cbnnco hod soomod favorable. I know the man now.' He did it," Tho Inspector walked on slowly, meditat ing as ho wont, in tho direction Mr Dolmar had taken. "It was a bold stop, his coming forward to clairii his gloves and givo evidonce, aud he did it vory well. But he received little money at. Newmarket -that day, and brought no bank notos to London.He wentto the office to beg for - time probably. The tQmntalion.to snatch the dishonored bill was too much for him ; he yielded. Tha murder resulted. A little more evidence and the warrant might issue." Chapter XI. From time to time tile inspector entered in his pocket book notes regarding Mr Delmar and his movements. Ha was now at Chester, now at Croydon, at Stockbridgo, Bath, York, Epsom and other places. Ho was rarely absent from any race meetings of importance. He bad many acquaintances, t but few friends, no | intimates. By his family he hod been aito- ! gother discarded. The inspector noted that hero ' he had lieen a large winner, there a heavy loser. But upon tlie whole it soemod that his losings considerably exceeded bis winnings. Carious particulars of his expenditure were here and there entered into the inspector's note book; his tradesmen's, tavorn, and other bills. " He smokes too much. Drinks too much. Ho sloeps badly. His health seems giving way. Ho had a fit at Salisbury. Ho grows poorer and poorer. He has been again and again to the pawnbrok er's.". There were many entries of that kind in the inspector's book. In- London it appeared that ho usually stayed at certain hotelB of the seoond class at tbo West End. But it was noted that be- occasionally occupied a room in a humblo lodging houso in tho Bioomsbury quarter, ad-' jacentto Red Lion Bquare. Chapter XII. Somo monthB went by. It was now Christ mas time!; a very - cold Christmas, '..with the snow heavy upon roadways and roof —Nature's face all white with the cold— and the wind whistling and roving round the street corners with a sort of frantic savageness. ! Inspeotor Ferraby was still active, though bo looked blue and. pinched enough, for all- tbo oloso buttoning-up of his heavy overcoat and tho thick-muffling of lus neck and chin. Had the timo for action really come at last?. Alter a close conference with 'old Mr Nethorston Inspector Ferraby hod sought tbo authorities at Bond street. A warrant was issued for the immediate apprehension of OhariesDelmar, charged with the 'murder of Daniel Milbourne. There was great excitement in the little street in Bioomsbury ; not only because of the appearance upon the scone of Inspector Ferraby in a cab accompanied by two -police men, but a cry of alarm had arisen from one of tho houses in the street— a lodging-house. . With ono accord all the windows in : the - neighbourhood seem to be flung open, regard less of the bitterly bleak weather, and clusters of heads, young and old, tidy aud untidy, forwith protruded. "Wbat'Bthe matter?" people askod, thoir teeth chattering in the cold. Someone an swered : " Woll, they do say as. one of Mrs Grimston's lodgers, the gentleman in the baok attic, has gone and shot' hisself." "Am I too late?" murmured Inspector; Ferraby, as he mounted tho stairs. It was a low-ceilinged, meanly-furnishedl robm, : with tattered wails, and an uneven,, creaking floor. The light filtered through the < snow-spattered window.foll upon the bed, and< upon tbo .body of Charles Dalniar stretched I across - it. A pistol had fallen on the floor betide I a pool of blood. The faco was \- scarcely disfigured, hut there was a small, dark wound, through which the bullet had , passod,' in the centre of tlie forehead. Doatb, it was plain, had been instantaneous. Ho was- half undressed ; his cheeks wore hollow, and there were deep lines about his white lips, but ho looked very handsome still. His face had even gmned in refinement of expression. uuw t utwv gBuuivw.«u ua ua WiM; DUUUCU . Mrs Grimstou. " So pleasant-spoken always, and so liberal with his money so long ub he had any." . " Don't cry," eaid tho inspector. "'I shall never get euch another lodger, though I must say that if he was obliged to kill ; hiBsolf, I wish as he'd dona it anywhere else. - It's so unsettling in a lodging-house, and so hard upon a landlady — at Christmas time, too, of all others.- But what's Christmas timo to him, now, poor gentleman i For the matter of that, what's Christmas timo to a good many others, that's , a'most as poor and pale and cold and dead na he is, poor dear 1" - ; And sho burst into tears. The Inspoctor was eyeing the floor inquisi tively. Presently he stoopod, and ivith the help of a largo clasp-knife suroooded in raising a portion! of one of tlie beards. He found be neath it a rusty key. Ho oxamined it carefully, and observed as ho thrust it into bis pocket : " Beyond a doubt, tho key of that iron eafo," The Ekd. 