THE BENDIGO ADVERTISER (PUBLISHED DAU,Y.) KKXJRISSION. OCR EIOBTa, AND OCR BBfJOOBOBS. SANDHURST, MONJ)A Y, FEB. 27. 1SSS. THE BOIIOQNIHRA EJECTION. The Boroondara eleotion ia over, but there are a lot of trouble and vexations appearing in its train. It was certainly not n desir i able thing for three candidates belonging to | the 0118 party to enter the field, so far as ' tho interests of that party were concerned. It is not surprising therefore, that ail effort should hq-ve been made to withdraw two of | them. But this effort seems to have been made awkwardly to say the least of it. Mr. Lawes, one of the candidates, in a letter to the Melbourne papers on Friday, shews a disposition to characterise it iu Bome stronger way. But then Mr. Lawes is a disappointed man. He denies he was present, as has been stated, at a meeting held in the office of Messrs. Lyell and Gowan, when a com mittee of nine members was appointed for the purpose of deciding which candidates should retire. He says that he had no idea that such a meeting was to take place, although tho other two candi dates, Messrs. Harper and Walker, received notice of it, attended, and took a very active part in it. He asserts that one of the gentlemen appointed to represent hpu had no notice of such a meet ing, and was, therefore, absent from it. Contrary to a published report of the pro ceedings, he avers that " there was no dis cussion or ^consideration whatever of the merits of the respective candidates, and ' that though his friends bagged the com j mittee to go into the question as to which of the candidates was likely to secure the largest support (this being thtj real question) Messrs. Harper and Walker's men absolutely I and violently refused to consider it." He ! Jidda that his friends protested against the proceedings. Altogether, Mr. Lawes is evidently very much irritated. However, over two columns of the Argus of Saturday are occupied with correspondence, the whole of which shows th/jt lm has been too hasty,; I and too testy to treat the matter in a just! and reasonable manner. Tho letters are from the successful candidate, Mr. Walker, Mr. Andrew Lyell, and an anonymous writer, who states that he was concerned in the affair throughout. Mr. Lyell says, " Mr. Lawes wrote his letter either upon incomplete or incorrept information, and partly probably upon both, and I feel con vinced that had I happened tp have met him since Saturday, and had an opportunity of discussing with him precisely what did take place, hi3 letter of yesterday would never have been written." The other writers also traverse Mr. Lawes' statements ; and as it would appear that there can be no doubt he must have been wrong, he will, it may be expected, hasten to make the amende. But it is a pity he should not . have been mindful of the prudent old yarning to " look before you leap." The evidence shows that he spoke without a brief, and with too much impulsiveness, in discretion, and jvant of temper. It cannot be very pleasant to have to apologise for such faults, involving as they do grave injustice upon a number of fair and honorable men, who l>ad a difficult, delicate, and disagreeable task to perform. Public mon, therefore, should be careful not needlessly to show their teeth when things do not go exactly as they would wish. Every one will have enemies enough with out so acting as to cause an estrangement of friends. The late member for Boroondara secured for himself the admiration of all parties by his nndeviating justness and exemplary forbearance, It will now be open to doubt in the mind? of many whether he would havo been worthily suc ceeded in tho representation of Boroondara by Mr. Lawes, so far as those inestimable qualities are concerned. And yet Mr. Lawes is a worthy gentleman of excellent repute. There is a moral in the story of his candidature which may be worth the .Study of not a few ambitious spirits. Water Trains. — On Saturday afternoon another water tr?in was sent from the Sandhurst station to Ingle wood for thp relief of the sufferers through the water famine, l/p to yesterday the train had not returned after discharging tfae water. If the train had returned yesterday (Sunday) it was intended to refill the tanks and send the train baak the same day. To day another train will be despatched utsesnmiept hWi Progress of the Waikk Famish. — At Kunjarooka no water is said to be obtainable within 15 miles, and although the inhabitants have subscribed to get the water sent down from Sandhurst it cannot reach ttu'in. Catcle are dying daily, and some of tlio farmers are con tinually engaged carting water. The water that the people want is from the sluice which should run down the Bendigo Creek, but which h now obstructed by one or two residents of liipsoni. This sluice water would come in very useful for stock, whereas now the residents have to share what little drinking water they have with their horses and cettle. It was noticed by our reporter on Saturday evening that on tho main road to Goornong near M'Gauchie's farm and the Bagshot State-school tho water which is running from the Grassy Flat Reser voir along tho Huntly road had overflowed the road, and being iu a hollow the water had settled two or three feet deep. Oo each side of the road is a largo sheet of water, about 200 yards in length, This also is an overflow from tho drain which was cut to carry down the water. This drain has proved to be too small, hence the overflow. The drain leads into the Bendigo Creek, about threo miles from Goor nong. At tho meeting at Goornong on Satur day night it was suggested that the Huntly Council should vote £50 to get the reservoir water carried straight down iu a drain. It waa also suggested that the Minister bo asked to send up a few water trains, similar to those sent to other places. The couucil should at onoo see that the drain oarrying down the reservoir water be made largo, so that there would be no overflow or waste. The road was under water about 100 yards. The Minister of Water Supply.—The Minister of Water Supply, Mr. Young, having completed his tour through those portions of this district where his presence was required iu reference to water Bupply, left Saudhurat on .Saturday for Melbourne by the mid-day train. It might be mentioned that during his stay here heatated that his wish was that all the reservoirs, etc., fed by the Caliban scheme should be kept filled. Tho object of such a course is that a good local supply may bo at hand should anything occur to the main raco that might iuterrupt the flow of water on to this locality. Military Funeral. - The members of the Bendigo Rifles will regret to learn of the death of their late comrade, Corporal Hadden, who for some time had been suffering from consumption contracted in his avocation of smelter to one of the local banks. He was generally respected by all with whom his business brought him in contact, and as a volunteer of many years standing was assiduous in his duties, esteemed by both officers aud men, and a marksman of great merit, wbo always proved himself a safe and reliable shot. His delicate health lately has precluded him from being an active member of the corps, but his expressed desire was that he should be followed to the grave by his com- rades. He was only 32 years of age, and leaves a widow and one child. His funeral will take place today at three p.m., and his remains will be interred in the Kangaroo Flat Cemetery. It is intimated by advertisement that the Cavalry and Rifles will assemble at their respective orderly-rooms at two p.m., when helmets are to be worn, and the band is to be in attendance. Those members wishing to form the firing party are requested to bring their rifles. Arrangements have been made for the members of the corps to return by train or cab. Mining Machinery.—If any proof wero wanted of the activity of the mining industry iu this district at the present moment it is to be found in the briskness of the foundry business. So busy are the different firms that it is regarded as quite a compliment if work is executed within a reasonable time, aud the delays iu some easeo are very great. Within about a week no less than four large plants hi>vo been completed, viz., tho St. Mungo, Shamrock, Pearl, aud United Devonshire, and the average cost is nearly £3,000. There are at present any number of mining plants iu hand, so that ironfouniiers ought to have no cause of com plaint. The Stuatiifield,saye Shire Water Supply. —The Water Supply department has acknow ledged the application made by the Strath lieldsaye Shire Couucil for a loan of £20,000 under tiie Water Conservancy Act, 1S81, aud states that the application will be considered as soon ti8 possible. The department asks for further particulars as fallows ;—" 1st. The esti mated uOBt of eaoh respective work proposed to be undertaken. 2nd. The estimated revenue from water supply district from all sources, aud how to be derived. 3rd. The estimated cost of maintenance and management. This communi cation will be considered at tho oouucil's next ideating. A Prize Fight.—Yesterday morning a scene of a disgraceful character took place at Cherry Tree, near the Big Hill, in tho shape of a regular stand up prize fight. Tho matter was very quietly arianged, and it is stated that tho prin cipals and their friends went out there over night. It is also reported that tho contest took place, and that it was a most disgusting exhi bition. The matter duly reached the ears of the police, who are making every euquiry. It is believed that there will bo no difficulty in as certaining who the offenders are. To Correspondents.—A shareholder in the Union Jack Tribute writes from Melbourne asking "if there issuoh a olaim as that named, as he was a holder of 100 shares, and had sent three calls without receiving any acknowledg ment." We have inquired into the matter, and find that the Union Jack Tribute if defunct, the agreement having been cancelled by the new Union Jack Company by a breach of the labor covenants, caused by the tribute having to stop work owing to the shareholders not following the example of our correspondent and payiug their calls. With regard to the oalls for which he savs he has received no acknowledgment, the amounts were duly received by the manager, Mr. Charles Quin; but as the proper address was not forwarded, the reoeipts never reached their destination, and were returned through the dead-letter office, We have been shown the various documents, aud can vouch for the correctness of the manager s statement. Our correspondent can have the receipts whenever he forwards his proper address. Public Meeting at Goornong.—A meeting of ratepayers was held at Goornong on Saturday evening for the purpose of considering the action of certain persons obstructing the water from coming down the proper course on the Bendigo Creek. The president of the Huntly Shire Council (Cr. Hennigan), and Crs, Tootell and Cardilini'' were present. About forty persons attended, After discussion it was resolved, on the motion of ilv. Shaw, that the Huntly Counoil be requested to prosecute Mr. Ruedin and all other parties for cutting the Government embankment at Epsom, and aUo for throwing the banka across the oreek, and thereby diverting the water from its proper course, and depriving all persouB living on the creek and neighborhood. It was explained to the meeting that the council had instructed a man to cut away tlio embankment made by Mr. Ruedin, but that he Boon afterwards restored it and allowed tho water to ruu on to his laud. Another resident on the creek also did tho same I tiling. Mr. Knight spoke very bitterly against i the Huntly councillors,' aud accused' them of inducing Jiuedin to take ' the 'water, The I meeting towards the close becaiflo very dis orderly, and tho old experiment was tried ' of half a dozen persons attempting to mak« themselves heard-at the same time. The cliair 1 man endeavored to restore order, but all his attempts were in vain, and iD the confusion he j declared the meeting closed. It was, however, afterwards resolved by some half dozen that Messrs. Shaw, Turner, and Clay be appointed to present the foragojng motion to the council. | Injudicious Economy.—We may direct the attention of the postal authorities tq tho abaonce of any light by which access to the pillars at our local post office may be easily obtainable. We are not aware whether negligence or a desire to economise on moonlight nights was the cause of the absence of the light at the entrance, but last evening the post-office was in utter darkness. Tho entrance to the Melbourne Post- ofgce is illuminated all night long. Surely a little light can be spared for a few hours to direct citizens I and strangers over the step3 of our local in stitute. Engine-Drivers' Association.—Tho usual weekly meeting of the above association was held on Saturday evening, when there was a largo attendance. The secretary (Mr. A. Dick son) reported that ho had received a letter from the hon. the Minister of Mines stating his inability to meet the committee daring the ensuing week, but that be would let the com mittee know when he would return to Sandhurst. Four new njetpbers were elected, and two pro posed. A long disouosjon took place over a pro posal to obtain a' seal for the association, and tho secretary was instructed to ascertain the probable cost. Grant to Horticultural Societies —In last Friday's Government Qazttte the regulations for the distribution oi the sum of £500 to Horti cultural Societies are published. Death from Disease of the Lungs. - An inquiry was on Saturday held, touching the death of a Chinaman named named Ah Fong, who died in the Bendigo Hospital on Friday. The evidence of another Chinaman showed that the deceased was taken ill on Wednesday last, when he was removed to the hospital. He was a very heavy opium-smoker, Dr. Colquhoun deposed that when admitted on Thursday last the deceased was in an unconscious state, and died on the following morning. A post mortem examination showed the cause of death to be disease of the lungs and liver. Medical aid would have been of no avail. A verdict in accordance with the medical testimony was returned. Deaths in the Benbigo Hospital. - The following deaths were reported at the hospital last (light;—Jas. Humphreys, 67 years of age, from typhoid fevert H. Davies, 73 yeara of age, pause of d >ath not perlifjed t this day, Thos, M^Byrqe, pQ few of age. from di^essa pi the Gold, Calls, and Divu>kni>s. — It is satis factory to notice that the gold returns arc still in creasing, Saturday's returns beiug the largesr for any week since the beginning of tho year, nearly 3,S00 ozi, being sent iu. The Garden Gully United has contributed materially to this result, with a grand return of 717 oz*., while the New Chum Consolidated, with s4SS 07, was a worthy second. The returns from tho Princess Dugmar, 392 oz?., and the Blle9mere, 303 ozs., maintain the creditof those companies. The other principal returns were:—New Chum United, 214 ozs.; North Shenandoah, 151 ozs.; Great Southern, 143 ozs.; Victoria Gold Mines, 140 07.S.; and Hustler's Reef, 101 ozs. Tho principal feature of the amalgam returns is the line yield of 301 ozs. from 74 loads sent in by tho Confidence Extended. The Ellenborough sent in 230 ozs. amalgam; Garibaldi, 94 01.; United Hustler's and Redan, 80 ozs. The dividends are good, £5,750 17s. being distri buted by the Garden Gully United, Naw Chum United, New Chum Consolidated, and Princoss Dagmar, each dividing Is. per share. Owing to the near approach of "Ghost Wednesday" the calls are heavy, amounting to £7,316 17s. 2d., leaving a balance of £1,066 0.-. 2d. against profits. The respective totals to date (eight weeks) are:—Gold, 17 S50 ozj.; calls, £37,462 Is. 7d.; dividends, £25 327 lis.; calls over dividends, £12,134 103. 7d. Strike at Newcastle.—By telegram from Newcastle, New South Wales, wo learn that the Australian Agricultural and Coal Mining Company's miners are out on strike for in creased hewing rates, in accordance with the recent arbitration award. The International Match. —It is possible that the Victoriaus, with the absence of Allan and Edwards, will meet with a reverse in the match at present being played with the English men. The Victorians continued their innings on Saturday and scored 249, Boyle's score of 37, the highest of the innings, was a popular performance, owing to that excellent cricketer's recent bad luck in the Intercolonial and all English matches. The Englishmen had, at the close of the day, scored 201 for the loss of five wickets, Bates having made the large total of 84 runs. The match will bo resumed to day, when the Englishmen will probably close their iuuings with a lead of at least 50 runs. CroeltV TO Animals.—Our Inglewood cor respondent says:—At tbe Police Court on Thurs day a man was severely punished, and deservedly so too, for brutal treatment to a working bullock, he having struck the poor creature a oruel and unneoeesary blow on tho head with tho heavy end of his whip-handle. This con duct was bad enough in all conscience on the part of a person who knew but little better, but what will be said of the conduct of a number of gentlemen suppoied to be elected as tho representatives of the intelligence of the ratepayers of an important borough like Ingle wood, who deliberately and unnecessarily, in this frightful hoc, dusty, and dry weather, depriving not one but hundreds of half famishing working animals—bullocks and horses—-of a drink, This oruel and even mean nonduot has been perpetrated by the Inglewood Borough Council. For some timo past there has been a large water trough at tho railway station erected for the special purpose of pro viding water for teams coming iu there from tho country; and just lately tho council or some one acting iu authority for them have completely stopped the supply of water thereto. No doubt tho supply in the local roservoirs is running short, and it is desirable and the duty of the council to prevent wilful waste, such as flooding gardens, and washing horses and buggies, but to deprive hundreds of poor working cattle, and neighbering selectors' stock from obtaining water, when Government is at the san^e time submitting to a groat expense to send w^tcr into tha interior to give to those requiring it, is an unheard of piece of oruelty, and is a standing and lasting shame to auy local go7orniug body that descends tosuoh abomiuable oonduot. Wero it possible, men guilty of this conduct should be far more severely punished than he who maltreats only one animal, and it would bo well that Government in future, before giving facilities for waterworks in towns should insist that there be at least one public watering place kept open as long as the supply lasted. I may add that the event has created muoh indig nation amongst the inhabitants. Sale of Land.—Our Inglewood correspon dent says i—An important sale of property took glace on Friday at the estate of Mr. Threlfall, Bridgowater. Mr. W. Wright bought 320 acres facing the Loddon, at £5 per acre, the romainlng portion beiug passed in at £4 63- Per aore- Mr. J. D. Baragwauath was the auctioneer. Pure Ikdjan Teas.—We have received a packet of the Calcutta Tea Association's pure Iudian tea, from Mr. D. Whyte, Cash Stores, Pall Mall. These teas hi\ve leqently been im ported into 4llat>a|ia in larga quantities, and, as pure teas, are intended to Bi^pplant the large mass of rubbish which is annually sold in tho colonies under the guise of Chiua teas. It has been strongly asserted, and we believe not without good foundation, that the quantity of pure teas whioh find their way to our shores each year from tho oelebrated tea fields of China is very small in comparison with the quantity consumed. The Calcutta Tea Association has been formed for the expreBS purpose of intro ducing into this country a pure tea, at a price whioh is oertainly very reasonable when we know that the article is decidedly a good one. The paaket whioh has been sent us may be described as tho middle quality at 3s. per lb, A trial of it proves that it is an excellent household tea, with a pleasant favor and pungenoy indicative of the presence of the pure leaf, whilst it has another very good recommendation that a small quantity suffices to make tbe same quality of tea than is only obtainable from more than double tho quantity of other sorts common in the market. Of the speoimen sent us there is nothing very remarkable to attract attention, beyond the fact that the tea answers generally to the qualities proclaimed on its behalf, with a pleasant flavor that makes it acceptable as an agreeable beverage. In these times of adulte ration, when we find it as bard to get a decent matutinal cup of tea as our country oousins do to find a supply of water, the presence of the company's Indian teas in the market should be hailed with pleasure. Eaolekawk Police Coctrt.—On Saturday, before Messrs. Willan and Mouat, Js.P., John Corkadale, landlord of the Mount Pleasant Hotel, was charged with allowing liquor to be drunk in his bar on a Sunday. Mr. Hornbuckle, instructed by Mr. Rymer, appeared for the defendant. Ralph Williamson, a miner stated that on the 12th instant, he with two others, wore at the defendant's hotel, and had a quart of beer. He paid Is. for it to the defendant. There was a row between Corkadale and a man named Miller about some dice. Another witnes?, natjjed George Miller, gave evidence to the effeot that ho paid mqnpy $0 n woman for drink, Constable O'Brien deposed thijt th9 police were informed of the row at Oorkadale's on the 12th instant, and when he went there he saw Miller and Corkadale disputing. For the defence, the house- keeper, Emma Faull, deposed that on the 12th iustant Corkadale was unwell, and was sitting in the bar parlor. The two men, Miller and Williamson, came in for drinks, and witness served them. They did not pay her any money. They assaulted her, and Corkadale rushed into the bar. Tho defendant instructed witness not to sell liquor on a Sunday. Another witnoas, named Smart, gave Very un satisfactory evidence, The bench considered the offence proved, aticj /inpd poi-Jfadale £§, with '2f, 6d. coats, Corkadale wao ttjep charged with allowing an unlawful game (dice) to be played in his licensed bar on a Sunday. The evidence for the proseoution was that the defendant apd Milter were throwing dice for beer. They had some dispute over the throws, and this led to a fight. Emma Faull swore that neither Corkadale nor Miller threw dice on the 12th instant. No dice were thrown at all. Henry iilillman stated that no dice were thrown by either Corkadale or Miller. They Qould not have had time to throw dice during the titfle hp went outside. The bench wero of opinion that dice had boen thrown, find fined tbe defendant 10s., wjth 2a. 6d. costs, For allowing a goat to wander at large William Nankervis was fined ?s. 6d., and 2s. fid. costs, John and George Greet} wcFS each fined 5s., with 2s, fid, costs, for removing timber from Crown lands. The court then adjourned. St. Patrick's Sports.'—-The annual St. Patrick's sports gathering will be held on the 10th of next month in tho grounds of the Bendigo Agricultural Sooiety. The programme is one that should attraot a large concourse of spectators, and bring about some interesting competitions. It comprisis twelve different events, and liberal prize-money is offered, 