Victoria Amateur Turf Club. The interest which has been manifested for some weeks past in the V.A.T. Club's Bracelet Meeting culminated on Saturday last, wlrnn one of the most successful eratherinsrs ever held at Caulfield took place. The beautiful spring like weather of the morning, no doubt, induced a large number of persons to visit the course, and both road and rail were extensively- patronised. The course was in excellent going order, while the lawn and paddock seldom looked better, even infspring. The attendance on the grand stand and lawn was very numerous, amongst those present being several of the officers of the Japanese man-of-war Tsukaba, who appeared to take a lively interest in the sport. The prizes for the Ladies' Trophy and the Gold Cup, presented by Mr. R. Chirnside, were on view during the day in front of the stand, and were much admired. The racing arrangements were, as usual, faultless, though the necessity of the club providing extra saddling paddock accom modation was apparent, as several of the com petitors in the Ladies' Trophy had to undergo their toilet outside. Business was commenced punctually to time with the Selling Race, for which eight horses started, the winner being Gonzago, who had his field in trouble from the start, and won hard held ; Respite was second, and the favourite Sterling, third. The winner was bought in for £90, all of whfch goes to the elub. Gossip was the unmistakable selection for the Selling Hurdle Race, but she only just won from Cracksman, who lost a deal of ground . at the . jumps. There was an objection lodged against Cracksman prior to the start, on the- ground of his being trained by Goodie, who was disqualified for life some time ago by the V.R.C., but the stewards permitted him to start, as the evidence was not sufficiently con clusive. The race for the Victoria Gold Cup was watched with a deal of interest, and Mr. W. Glasscock, who steered the winner, Young Deceiver, was loudly cheered on returning to the scale. Some regret was expressed at the accident which befell Yerlo at the last fence, for it was thought that had he have stood up,, he would have won. The uncertainty which surrounds horse-racing was exemplified in the Ladies' Trophy, where the three greatest out siders in the race ran first, second, and third, while the favourites were easily beaten, though a general opinion was expressed that tne prizes could hardly have fallen into more popular hands. Shortly after the race was over, the Hon. W. Pearson, in an ap propriate speech, presented the prizes to the lucky nominators, amidst great cheering, Mrs. A. F. Sullivan being the recipient of the bracelet, and Miss Smith, the daughter of the Hon. L. L. Smith, the bangles. Mr. J. L. Purves, in respond ing, expressed a hope that the day was not far distant when the Victorian Parliament would be induced to follow a time-honoured custom of the House of Commons, and place a sum of money on the estimates for a Queen's Plate. The Hon. L. L. Smith, in responding on behalf of his daughter, promised to use his influence to bring the matter before the House. Some surprise was expressed at Mr. W. Glasscock, the winner of the Victoria Gold Cup, not receiving his prize publicly, which was attributed to bashfulness. The Steeple chase was a chapter of accidents from beginning to end, several of the jockeys receiving severe falls, and J. Griffin, the owner and rider of Pioneer, unfor tunately had his leg broken. The only horse who appeared to be at home over the country was the favourite Collingvvood, who was nicely ridden by Scobie, though had not Jellett laid so far out of the race, the result might have been different. Williams, the rider of The Ghost, was disqualified, for three months for disobedience of the starter's orders, and Nanson, the rider of Coulstoun, was fined £5 for using obscene language. Appended is a detailed account of the racing: — Selling Race, of 100 sovs. The winner to l>e sold for 150 sovs. Weights — 2 yrs, 9st. 3ib. ; 3 yrs, lOst. 51b. ; 4 yrs and upwards, lOst. 71b. ; Tib. allowed for every reduction of 25 sovs. m selling price. -A-njT surplus to revert to the club. Six furlongs. Mr K. lv. Maitland's br h Gonzago, by Lapidist, 5 yrs, 7st 71b (oi!) .. .. Burton 1 Mr A. Davies's b h Respite, 4 yrs, 8?t 7<b (£50) . . Wiliismson 8 Mr S. Martin's ch c Sterling, 8 yrs, 6at Sih mil) .. - - .. CractneH 8 Mr J.O.Inglis'sb g Bustard, 6 yrs, 7st 71b (nil) Walker 0 MrH. Chiffuey's ch h Soothsayer. 8 yrs, 7st 71b (nil) .... . . , . Cope 0 Mr D. Warner's b h Glad Tidings, Gyre, 7et 7lb - (nil) .. .. .. .. , Kelby 0 Mr E. Evans's br g Kaiser, 8 yrs, 7st 51b (uil) .. .. .. .. Gardiner 0 Mr £L Howie's b m Bouquet, aged, 7at 51b (nil) .0 . .. .. .. .. Day 0 Betting ; 7 to 4 agst Sterling, 2 to 1 agst Gonzago, 3 to 1 agst Respite. After a short delay the lot were despatched on very even terms, Gonzago taking the initiative, and leading the field by about a couple of lengths to the sod wall, where he was eased, and Respite, Bouquet, and Kaiser, who were running side by side, drew on to his quarter, Soothsayer, who appeared to be outpaced, tailing off in the rear. Turning into the straight, Gonzago, who was going well within himself, held a clear lead of sT' . -A'v-> Respite and Bouquet, and coming on, won, bard held, by nearly three lengths ; Respite was second, and Sterling, who came up at the finish, third : Bouquet, Glad Tidings, Lust&rd;, Kaiser, and Soothsayer following in order. Time, Imin. 23sec. The winner was bought in for £90, all of which revert to the club. Selling Hurdle Race, of 100 sovs. The winner to be sold for 150 sovs. Weight, 12st. ; 71b. allowed for every reduction of 25 sovs. in selling price. Any surplus to revert to the club. One mile and a half. Mr. P. Tozer's ch m Gossip, 5 yra (£50;, by Argus Scandal, Sst 12lb .. .. Hingston 1 Mr. G. Pyers b g Cracksman, aged (nil), Sat Corrigan 2 Mr. F. Leng'B b g Saladin, 5 yrs (uil). 9at Kings 8 JjxT «?« U« JLDgUS o D 8 4 \XtoO) 9 ost I »u M'lonis 0 Betting : 6 to 4 on Gossip, 2 to 1 agst Cracks man, 3 to 1 agst Buzza, 4 to 1 agst Saladin. Buzza rushed to the front on the fall of the flag, and led over the first hurdle, followed by and Cracksman, Gossip being last. Passing the stand, Buzza held a lead of about two lengths from Saladin, Cracksman and Gossip following. Rounding the turn, Gossip ; passed Cracksman, and took third place. At the eecond hurdle, Buzza, who was still in front, ran off, and was thus early out of the race. Saladin then led to the back of the course, where the field closed up, the three racing together until reaching the far turn, where Cracksman, whose jumping was very slovenly, fell back, and ap- ; peared to be done with. He, however, came again almost immediately, and before the next j hurdle was reached, was again on terms with the leaders. Saladin soon afterwards retired, ; and a desperate race home ensued between , the other pair, which resulted in a victory for ! the favourite by a short neck. Time, 3min. 6sec. The winner was sold to Mr. A. Saqui for £150, the club realising £100 by the sale. Victoria Gold Cup, value 50 sovs. (a handi cap steeplechase), added to a sweepstakes of 5 sovs. each. To be ridden by members or f honorary members of the V.A.T.C., to be approvea by the stewards. Two miles. ! Mr. J. E. Paget's b g Young Deceiver, by Smo- I leasko, 6 yrs, 12st 101b.. Mr. W. Glasscock 1 Mr. B. Halt's br g Right Bower, aged, 12st5Ib j .. .. .. .. Mr. T. Watson 2 : Mr. J. Clarke's b g Yerlo. cured, 10-tt .. .. .. Mr. J. O. Inglis 3 Mr. J. Matbieso&'s (jun.) br g Tall Boy, aged, list Sib.. .. .. Mr. Comyns 0 Mr. J. P, Quirk's ch g Baronet. 5 vre, 10sb 121b .. .. .. .. Mr. Barnard, jun. 0 Betting : Even money Young Deceiver 2 to 1 agst Yerlo, 3 to 1 agst Right Bower. Young Deceiver was quickest on his legs and got the start, but soon gave way to Tall Boy, who made play over the first fence, where j his rider nearly fell off. All the others, with | the exception of Baronet, who baulked, j negotiated the obstacle with safety. Before j the sod wall was reached Tall Boy fell back, ! and Yerlo, followed by Young Deceiver and ! Right Bower, took up the running, | Tall Boy being next, Baronet still re ! fusing the efforts of Mr. Barnard to ' get him over the first jump. Rounding the ; turn into the straight Yerlo was pulled back, i and Deceiver took command and led over the j fences in front of the stand, Yerlo, Right j BowCr, and Tall Boy following in order all fencing splendidly, though some amuse ment was caused by Tall Boy's rider holding on to the back of the saddle at every jump. Racing along the turn the pace was improved by Young Deceiver, who held a strong lead of a dozen lengths, no alteration having taken place in the relative positions of the others. At the fence on the hill, Tall Boy parted com pany with his rider, and Right Bower appeared to be tiring'. Alonsr the back Yerlo went in pursuit of the favourite, and at the sod wall was close up, but when racing Deceiver at the last fence he came down heavily, leaving the favourite to finish alone, although had Mr. Inglis been successful on his first plucky at tempt to remount his horse as he was rising, the result would have been different. However, as it was, he made a good race of it with Right Bower for second place, which he only lost by a neck. Tall Boy, who was caught ancl remounted, completed the course with Barone Time, 4min. 50sec. Ladies' Trophy, for a bracelet, value 130 guineas, A handicap, for two years old and upwards. All horses to be nominated by ladies. The nominator of the winning horse to receive the diamond bracelet ; the nomi nator of the second horse to receive a hand some set of bangles, value 10 guineas ; of the third horse, a fan. Six furlongs. Mm. F. A. ti alii van's b h Glad Tidings, by Mes senger, 6 yrs, 7st Gib .. .. Musgrove 1 Miss Y« Smith's bl h Westbury, 5 yrs, 7et _ _ - .. Rammage 9 Mm. J. Leek's g g Mercury, 5 yrs, Sst 61b, Rob: upon 8 Mm. J. Whittle gham's b b Larpent, 5 yrs, 9s; 91b .. .. Williamson 0 Mrs. D. S. Wallace's b h Sir Joseph, 4 yrs, 9st 51b .. .. O'Brien 0 Mrs. Jardine's ch h Belladram, 5 yrs. Sst 121b .. .. Ssnnderson 0 Lady G'Logb leu's b c Liberator, 8 yrs, S.t Sib \- .. ., King 0 Miss Marion's b m Haideo of the Hilie, 4 yrs, Sst \- Tattersail 0 Mm. A. R. Inglis's g m Verdure, 4 yrs, Sst 2 b _ . . -- - - Ivemv 0 Mrs. Haines's ch or ro h The Ghost, 4 yrs, 8et _ _ -- .. Wi liams 0 Mrs BL Conelly's br h Beadsman, 4 yrs, 7st 10!b \- -- . Gardiner 0 Miss. Salberg s b f Coreena, S yrs. 7st 81b Ricketson 0 Mrs E. S. Chapman's b c Transferred, 2 yrs, 7st olb , . . . mm m Halea 0 Mrs. Grippas b g Squireen, 8 yra, 7st 71b . . Walker 0 Mrs. D. b. Wallace's br m Tide, 5 yrs, 7st 61b ,r _ ' . . Haywood 0 mm. j. Coldham's b m Cassiopeia, 4 yrs, 7et 5lb .. .. Kilby 0 Mm. J. Adams's br g Boatman, 4 yrs, ?st Sib «" il'Bride 0 Mibs R, M. Millar's br m Brisbane, 5 yrs, 7st Sib «" u- T-" . . Rail 0 Miss M. Kemble'e b g King's Head, 2 yrs, 7sfc 81b r' t . - Shean 0 Mm. J. C Iceland's br h Timon, 5 yre, 7st 21b . . -, Bortou 0 Mrs. J. Leek's b c Colstonn, 2 yrs, 7«t . . Nanson 0 Miss A. B. Cook's b c Scipio, 2 yrs, Get 12lb „ _ , .. O'Connor 0 br g Will-o'-the-Wisp, 4 vrs. 6t llib Mrs. C. E. Umphelby's bl h B&rwon; (late Bar won Park), 4 yrs, Gst 91b .. .. Kilby 0 Mrs. r. Jones's b g Advance, 8 yre, 6&t; 91b , # trios 0 Miss A. Robinson's b m Little Nell, 6 yra, Get 8 b Mm. J . WhittangbaCn's bl c Rooftree, 8 yrs. & Tt7!b G \-- St. Bacchus 0 Miss A. DufietVs b c Norfclk, 2 ytB, Gat Tib . - .. Stratford 0 Miss Wagner's or br c Granville, 2 rrs, Get 71b «." t, . - -- " William 0 c Charles (late Sir 71b .. (i Cmckufill 0 Mri 7161 6it Coders 0 Mrs. B. Bryant a eh f Jnhilie, 2 yrg, Get 71b Mm. J. Cleeland's b f Gardenia, 3 yrs, f Reprise" 2 yre, fiVt 71b . . Stokes 0 I eaeh agst Timon and Ver- dure 10 to 1 agst Larpent, 12 to 1 agst The Ghost, 100 to 3 agst Glad Tidings. OCGUrIre owi»S to the fractious- ness of Rooftree who boltqd several times and to take his position at the start When at length Mr. Watson lowered the flag, the colours of Sir Joseph, who got well away, were tlie iirst to show in front ; then came Larpent, Squireen, Timon, and King's Head, the others following in a cluster. Bounding the home turn Sir Joseph dropped back, and Larpent, Squireen, and the i T .van» nnd cries went up - wins ! » Turning intc the straight, Larpent appeared to sud denly collapse, and for a moment Squireei looked dangerous, but Glad Tiding cam with a great rush, and was in front at the distance, where Sir J oseph showed prominently bearing home. Glad Tidings held a lead of a lengui, wnich he maintained to the end, win ning comfortably, with W estbury, who came tast at the finish, second, and Mercury, who appears to be returning to his old form, third, iimgs s Head was fourth, Squireen fifth, the 22S3L mg in a cluster« Time, lmin. Open Steeplechase, a handicap of 100 sovs., added to a sweepstakes of 3 sovs. each. Two miles. ® Collingwood, by Morris Dancer, 6 yrs.lUtTlb Scobie 1 Messrs. J. and B. Lecky's br h Glowlight (late Starlfeht), aged, 9st Jellett 2 iJr" ?" b g Praedom, aged, 9st .. Hunt 8 Mr. S. Grim wood's g g Topman, 5 yrs, lOst 2lb %» m . « Flovd 0 Mr. Fe b g Quicksilver, aged, lOst 2lb .. .. Williams 0 Mr. W. Pearson's blk g Breechloader, aged, lOBt « „ , ... Halstead 0 Mr. R. eh g Fueiher, 4 yrs, 9Bt 12lb .. Hid 0 Mr, C. Frederick's b g Tarrawarra, 4 yrs. 9st 101b m V . , Robinson 0 n hI»lot s 011 8 SkiPP« (late Pilot), aged, .. .. .. MGowan 0 Mr. J . Griffin's b g Pioneer, aged, 9st . . J. Giiffin 0 Mr. A. Cowling's b g Hands Down, 4 yrs, 9st .. .. M'Donald 0 Betting : 2 to 1 agst Collingwood, i5 to 2 agst Sirinnnw A tC 1 i auu u iiu x dgbh Uba0rB9 No time was lost in despatching the field on their journey, which proved a regular chapter of accidents, as only four of the eleven starters went the course without a mishap. Hands Down got the start, and showed the way over the first fence, followed by Top- man, Skipper, Collingwood, Breechloader, and Tarrawarra, Fusilier striking and coming down heavily, giving TTill a nasty fall, all the others getting safely over. Hands Down led over the sod wall, which was crossed without an accident. At the next fence Breechloader fell, and Skipper, attended by Collingwood and Hands Down, led into the straight. Quicksilver and Pioneer came down at the first fence in front of the stand, and Griffin, the rider of the latter, had his leg broken, but Quicksilver's jockey escaped un hurt. At the next fence Tarrawarra came to grief. Skipper led past the stand and round the turn, next to him being Collingwood, Hands Down, Topman, Glowhght, and Preadom, with Tarrawarra, who had been remounted, some distance in the rear. At the fence on the hill Hands Down parted com pany with his rider. Along the back Skipper _ and Collingwood " were running together in front, Glowlight being next, a long way off, the others being out of the hunt. The leaders crossed the soa wall together, but at the next fence Skipper ran round, and Collingwood was left with the lead. Jellett now commenced to ride Glowlight, who gained on the leader stride by stride, and catching him at the distance, a desperate race ensued, Collingwood eventually winning by a head, though had Jellet not laid so far out of the race, Glowlight might have won. Time, 4min. 45sec. 