¶ THE SILENT WATCHERS. ¶ BY DORA RUSSELL, ¶ Author of “ Crœsus's Widow, ” “ Footprints in the Snow, ” “ The Vicar's Governess, ” etc. ¶ Chapter I. — What They Saw. ¶ It was only a dreary picture. The after- noon of New Year's Day in a remote farm- house, with the rain and sleet driving over the hills, and dashing against the kitchen window panes. Inside this kitchen also there were few signs that in the dark hours of the morning another year had been born. ¶ Yet it was so. This was New Year's Day at Redcote Farmhouse, but the penurious habits of the master — the old farmer, George Rendall — had prevented the usual outward emblems of rejoicing and merriment being very visible. True, on the high mantel- piece, amid the shining brass candlesticks, and show brass family kettle, and the brass lined preserving pan, a few faded sprigs of holly were to be seen. They had been placed there a week before, when all over the land the joy bells were ringing for Christmas-tide. But no joy bells stole over the hills in their sweet melody to Redcote Farm. Neither marriage bells nor passing bells, nor the solemn tolling of the last bells rung for us on earth, were to be heard in this silent and lonely place. Full three miles away was the nearest church in the neighbourhood, and so no sound of joy nor sorrow was ever borne on the wind to Redcote Farm. ¶ In this remote and quiet spot, George Rendall, the farmer, had lived eighty-five years. He had been born here, spent his childhood and boyhood here, brought his wife here, and now, old, shrivelled, blear- eyed, he sat watching the fire, thinking vaguely that this was New Year's Day — thinking vaguely of the New Year's Days gone by — of the old days, of the long journey, not of the rest and peace which now should have seemed so near ! ¶ He had not a good face, this aged man tottering on the verge of the grave. The lines and wrinkles which years had scored told no story of endured pain, of noble patient resolve, no tale of benevolence nor love. But they had written with their truth- telling hand of hard bargains, of petty schemes, of toil perhaps, for he had been a hard worker in his day, but he had toiled, and worked, and thought for money, and for money's worth alone. ¶ There was nothing like it he thought. The one narrow creed that filled his heart and soul was gain. Yet he could no longer enjoy it, though this idea never occurred to his mind. His thin legs could scarcely carry his thin poor body, his hands were crippled with rheumatism, his bones all aches and pains. But he loved the music that the clink of gold made still ! When a horse or cow died he wept maudlin tears ; when a neighbour died he shook his head and grunted, and began to consider when the dead man's farm stock should be sold, and if it were likely to go cheap beneath the auction hammer. ¶ His household consisted of two sons, a niece, and a strong country girl. On this particular New Year's Day, Robert Rendall, younger son, was from home spending his holidays, and the inhabitants of the farm- house were thus reduced to four. The old man, his eldest son George Rendall, his niece Maud Eliot, and a maid-servant named Jean or Jenny Wren. As the old man sat dozing over the fire, Maud Eliot, the niece, entered the kitchen, and began to move restlessly about. ¶ ‘ Where's George, uncle ? ’ she said at last. ¶ The old man looked round with a chuckle and an evil gleam in his eye. ¶ ‘ Thou's always looking after George, Maudie — more than he's looking after thee, ’ he said. ¶ Maud Eliot's face turned scarlet at this taunt. She stood behind her uncle, and clenched her hands and bit her lips. But she did not speak, and with another chuckle the old farmer turned from his niece and began once more gazing idly into the fire, and presently, overcome by the warmth, he fell asleep. ¶ In the meantime Maud Eliot had gone to the kitchen window, and stood there looking out with a gloomy expression on her face at the driving sleet and rain. ¶ She was a pale girl this, with dark eyes and hair, with a certain beauty and power in her countenance, which, however, was scarcely handsome. She looked just now as if she were alike anxious, angry, and un- happy. Her natural pallor was increased by the strong and passionate feelings of her heart. ¶ Suddenly the pale face flushed, and the full strong mouth moved tremulously. These emotions were caused by the sound of a man's footsteps outside the kitchen door, and in another moment a tall, good- looking, nay, a handsome young man entered the kitchen. ¶ This was George Rendall, the farmer's eldest son. He was twenty-seven, tall, straight- featured, and powerfully made, with careless, laughing blue eyes, and a sensual though handsome mouth. A slightly annoyed expression passed over his face when he saw his cousin Maud Eliot standing by the window. ¶ ‘ Well, Maud, are you meditating on the rain ? ’ he said, addressing her. ¶ ‘ It is a dreary day, ’ answered Maud in one of those voices which are pleasant to listen to. ¶ ‘ Disgusting, isn't it ? ’ said the young man. ‘ And with a long ride before one, too ! ’ ¶ ‘ A long ride ? ’ repeated Maud. ‘ Surely, George, you are not going from home to-day ? — not on New Year's Day ? ’ ¶ ‘ Why not ? ’ said George Rendall. ‘ It isn't so agreeable here, is it ? You are cross, the old man is crosser, and little Jenny Wren has declined to clean my boots ! ’ ¶ ‘ How dare she ! ’ exclaimed Maud pas- sionately. ¶ George Rendall shrugged his shoulders. ¶ ‘ You women, my dear, ’ he said, in a slightly contemptuous tone, ‘ are wonderful creatures ! You are either ready to do anything for a man — cut your throats, etc. — or you are the most disagreeable, disobliging, contradictious beings upon earth ! As I was saying, you are cross, Jenny Wren is cross — ’ ¶ ‘ Don't name me with Jenny Wren, please, ’ interrupted Maud, yet more angrily. ¶ George Rendall gave a careless laugh. ¶ ‘ All right, ’ he said, ‘ never name any woman to another — they all hate each other — they all —— ’ ¶ ‘ George, ’ again interrupted Maud, ‘ how dare you speak to me thus ? How dare you talk to me of Jenny Wren, or anyone else ? Have you no feeling ? You are a bad, bad, wicked man ! ’ ¶ ‘ Go on, my dear, ’ said George Rendall, with another shrug. ¶ ‘ Go on, ’ said Maud, raising her voice, ‘ but what is the good of going on to a cruel, heartless man like you ? You are worthless, you are worthless, ’ she repeated with strong passion. ‘ You are unworthy to live — you do no good — nothing, nothing but harm ? ’ ¶ ‘ Pleasant, blowing a man up like this on New Year's Day ! ’ said George Rendall. ‘ But I'm out of it. Don't sit up for me, Maud, I won't be home till late — I am going to the Fothergals'. ’ ¶ ‘ To make love to Mary Fothergal, I suppose, ’ said Maud, bitterly. ¶ ‘ Please yourself, ’ answered George Rendall. ‘ I'm going, that's all. Good day, Maud — I hope you'll be in a better humour to-morrow, ’ and, with a careless nod, the young man turned away, while Maud Eliot gave a long- drawn, quivering sigh. ¶ ‘ He is unworthy — he is unworthy, ’ she was thinking. ‘ It is his good looks — only his good looks — would that God would strike him dead, or make him plain, hideous, miserable, as I am now —— ’ ¶ * * * * ¶ When the stars, the silent watchers of the night, shone out from among the drifting clouds on the eventide of this New Year's Day, they shone on this pale, passionate girl standing at her bedroom window, with a look of desperate and determinate resolve on her face. ¶ She was going to run away. She was sick and weary of her bondage. Her cousin, her lover, George Rendall, had utterly changed to her. The sweetness and devotion of the summer days had cooled in autumn, and frozen in the chill winter month. He loved her no longer ; he was weary of her ; and she had loved him too well. He was one of those who would have been pas- sionately enamoured with a heartless co- quette. He had none of the nobler features of love. A woman to have retained his affections should have tantalised and provoked him. A woman who gave him too much was certain to tire him. He was not generous, and did not understand nor appreciate generosity. A small, cold heart beat beneath his tall, handsome, and well- made form. ¶ And Maud Eliot knew all this now. She knew she loved a bad, hard man, and yet she could not help loving him still. The lonely life, the silence and stillness of Redcote Farm, kept her passion for her cousin ever present in her mind. In a crowd we are forced to think of the crowd. But when we have the stars and the hills alone for company, dangerous temptations and powerful influences are apt to beset the human heart. ¶ For some time Maud had scarcely known whether she hated or loved handsome George Rendall the most. His carelessness, his inconstancy, filled her whole being with fury ; and yet when she thought of him, when she looked on his face, she had been up to this time at least ready to forgive him, ready to listen, when it suited his fancy to make love to her ; but she knew, as she stood looking wildly up to the stars on this New Year's night, that this was all over now. ¶ She was going away from Redcote Farm — to fly, to hide herself — she knew not where. She had, indeed, no other home to go to. Her father had been an unsuccessful doctor in London, who had married, rather late in life, old Rendall's wife's sister. Two years ago Dr. Eliot had died, and left his only child, Maud, unprovided for. On his death- bed he had written a letter to the old farmer at Redcote, asking him to take charge of his orphan girl. The old farmer was furious on receiving this appeal, which only reached him after his brother-in-law was lying in the grave. But young George Rendall, after some difficulty, persuaded his father to accept the responsibility. Young George Rendall had three reasons for doing this. One was that he was good-natured when his own selfishness did not interfere with his benevolence ; another that he thought the house would be more comfortable with a lady to manage it, for his mother was dead ; and his third reason was that he wished to go to London, and so make the excuse of bringing his young cousin down. This journey proved an unfortunate one to the orphaned Maud Eliot. When her handsome cousin George arrived for her at the somewhat gloomy house where her father had died, half her troubles seemed to be over. George was kind, and apparently considerate, and as the cousins travelled on together over the snowy country ( it was midwinter ) Maud felt almost ashamed to feel so happy so soon after her poor father's death. ¶ We have seen how these joyous hours ended. Without thinking of his character, judging the man's heart and soul by the fair outward lineaments in which they were clothed, the hapless girl too soon learned to love him. The love of woman was pleasant to George Rendall, and the voice of honour and conscience only dull to his ears. Two years had passed since Maud Eliot had come to Redcote in midwinter — years of hope, joy, intense happiness, then of dull, cold disappointment and bitter pain. ¶ He had broken her heart, she told herself, as she dragged her dresses and clothes out of the old-fashioned chest of drawers in her room on this New Year's night, when she had resolved to go forever from Redcote. ¶ Broken her heart ! This common- place expression means a great deal, does it not ? It means to have lost all interest in life, to rise up weary, and to lie down weary. To hate the brightness of the sun, and the prattle of the children. It means to be un- wise, to be foolish — to have set too much store on one particular treasure, and to have learnt that that treasure is moth-eaten and consumed. ¶ White- faced, trembling, with her dark eyes fixed and dilated, the girl went on with her task. The clock on the stair-head struck nine, and after the last stroke there was great silence in the house, as there had been before. Outside the wind had died away, and the sky had cleared, and all over the heavens the stars twinkled and shone. They were watching her, the girl thought — watch- ing her, and she shivered and shuddered beneath those countless eyes. ¶ Then suddenly she paused and clasped her hands, and listened with parted lips as she knelt before her half-filled trunk. What was that sound breaking the stillness of the night ? Those cries sharp and terrible that reached her ears from below ? They were a woman's shrieks, and Maud Eliot's face turned absolutely ghastly as she heard them. ¶ She rose from her knees, she staggered to the room door, and then she heard her uncle, old Rendall the farmer, calling out in the thin and broken tones of age. ¶ Tottering, holding on by the banister, she went downstairs. At the foot of the stairs the girl Jenny Wren was lying apparently in a fit. Her hands were clenched, her teeth were set, her eyes were starting from her head, and her dress and arms were stained with blood. Old Rendall was standing beside her looking like a man suddenly roused from his sleep, and a lantern was lying on the passage oilcloth, as if the girl Jenny had dropped it from her hand. ¶ ‘ What is the matter ? ’ asked Maud Eliot, speaking as though she were forcing the words from her lips. ¶ ‘ Matter ! Devil knows, ’ answered the old farmer. ‘ Jenny has come in shrieking and screaming like a mad thing, and, look Maudie, look, her hands and arms are all blood ! What can have befallen her ? I sent her to lock up the stable door and the byre a while ago, and then I dozed over a bit, and when I woke, there she lay screaming and shrieking — surely she's fallen somehow — help me with her, lass, and we'll get her into the kitchen, and give her a drop of whiskey to bring her round. ’ ¶ Maud made no answer. She helped to lift up the girl, she unfastened the handkerchief round her neck, and she bathed her face and hands, all in silence. She shuddered when she touched Jenny's hands — the stained hands — but she never spoke a word. Then the old man got out his whiskey bottle, and forced some of its contents between Jenny's set teeth. The strong spirit soon revived her. The girl sat up, stared wildly about for a moment or two, and then seized the old farmer by the hand. ¶ ‘ Master, ’ she said, in a loud harsh voice ‘° — master, go and look at Mr. George ! ’ ¶ ‘ George — what's the matter with George ? ’ asked the old farmer. ‘ He's away at Fother- gal's, and won't be home till late — the girl's dement ! ’ ¶ ‘ He's lying, ’ said Jenny, still in the same loud excited tones, ‘ in the loft over the stable — he's lying dead ! ’ ¶ ‘ Dead ! ’ echoed the farmer. ‘ Why thou's mad, lass ! George went to Fothergal's hours ago. Thou's seen a ghost — thy wits are gone. ’ ¶ ‘ He's lying dead ! ’ repeated the girl, and she once more began shrieking and screaming, and fell off the chair in which they had placed her, and began rolling in convulsions on the kitchen floor. ¶ ‘ She's mad, ’ said old Rendall, ‘ utterly mad. Lock the door, Maud, lass — George won't be home till late — and try to get the girl to bed. ’ ¶ Then Maud spoke. ¶ ‘ Uncle, ’ she said, in husky accents, ‘ let us go and look for George. ’ ¶ ‘ For George ! Art thou mad, too ? George is at Fothergal's, I tell thee, and won't be home till dawn, most like. Get the girl to bed, and get to bed thyself — I'll sit up for George. ’ ¶ Maud said nothing more. She half-dragged, half-lifted, the now nearly insensible Jenny Wren to the littlebed room, or rather hutch in the kitchen wall, where she usually slept. The girl groaned and moaned, but the strength of the spirit which the old man had poured down her throat held her senses in bondage, and presently she fell into a heavy stupor or sleep. ¶ The old farmer also soon dozed again in his easy chair by the fire. Only Maud Eliot kept awake — only the dark restless eyes never closed, and the restless clutchings of her hands never ceased. Sometimes she moaned aloud and her mind wandered — wandered back to when she was a child — to her dead father — to the summer days of sunshine and joy to the chill autumn, and then to the black winter which of late had fallen on her soul. ¶ Was she going mad ? she suddenly asked herself. Mad ! There was her old uncle dozing by the fire — there was the girl Jenny Wren lying in her heavy sleep. /Where was George ?/ She started up — she opened the kitchen shutter, and looked out at the thousand thousand myriads of stars twinkling in the heavens. They saw, she thought — they saw George now — and she fell down on her knees, and covered her face, groaning aloud in the anguish of her soul. ¶ ( TO BE CONTINUED. ) ¶ * The proprietors of “ The Weekly Times ” have purchased the right of publishing this novel in Victoria. 