ADDRESS OF THE PRIESTS' PROTEC- 1 TION SOCIETY. -'This address has been sent to every priest in Ireland ; — 1,-. ' Follow countrymen ; we desire at this time in tiio name nn'lear of God, and seeking. His' divine blessing, to address to you some words which we trust' may tend to your eternal wel-' x&ro; \- . J . L.--. \- Wo. are aware timt in this land alone, you number / several .. thousands. Wo are aware also, of tho-infiuence you exert, for. ,woal .-or f or. woe, over, the great majority of our f ellow- : countrymen.: You ; even mould=;in nof-incon- sidorablo! degree the : condition > and -destinies of our country. We have, therefore resolved, i after prayerful consideration ,in thus address ing you to discharge a duty in the sight of Him to whom we must all soon render a strict account. We recognise the fact that Almighty God has not left man without a loifneas, even His written word.—" Thy' word is a lump to iny feet, and a light to my paths." — Psalm oxviii. 105\. Wo can, thank God, meet upon this common ground. He has- been pleased to show to men what is the good and the right way. God lias spoken to us in His holy Word, which, being divinely inspired, is " profitable to teach, to reprove, to correct, to inBtruct in justice that the man of God m'ay be perfect, furnished nntb every good wprkl" — 2 Tim. iii. 16, 17. Here, then, we have a Directory, a Guide, and a Testimony to. man.- , ; This. Word, then, assures us that there will he a Judgment, arid that it is by this Word .of God. 'WO- shall, then, bo -judged. ,.We ajre 'also' forewarned .that' this' judgment sliall'nbt . merely be, 'enfir.aZ,' hut pa:ficulav, for ' it ' is,: written " Every bne.''of. .us , shall . render, account fpr himself, t.qVGod.''-.Rqmans 1 I'llii 8 '' accoiin jt' " irict rid es all' the minutest iparticularsl.cbrieerriirig. oursefees, piir wors, .arid qar_zo6i'Ics., For God. tells us of a poiriing day, \vheri iie;shall even '' judge the secrets :of mieh; by Jesus Christ.";— Rora. ii. 16. rTherii' eyeii that which has been " spoken iri the ear ' in the chathbers, shall 'i)b proclaimed on the' housetops."— Lrike xiil 3 ' And ' again, it lis: jwHtteri, " w;ho will render to -every man according to'his works.'l— Rom/ii. 6. , j ' " : F|rom these and otlibr Son -it is plain that you, tooj the' Roman Catholic ' Priests of Ireland, will appear in the judg- me"rit. What account, then, will you be ' enabled to render of 'yourselves, of your words, and of your deeds? You may be satisfied now with your ocei yonr teaching\ and your senifces/ but what account can you render of' these to God ? Let us consider. ; ' - " Every one of us shall render account for himself ' to God." What account : will you- render foryowrse(/' to God ? You claim to bo " sacrificing priests.'!: What explanation can you give of your occ In that Word by which wo sliall bo judged there is no rnention made of, and no-autliority for, such an olfico or such an offieer in the Christian Ghurcli. There is now no business for him to do on' earth. In the wlinlo of the Now' Testament, thereforoj the name of " priest,"; as applied bo' a minister of Giirist; does not even once occur. If Christ Himself were' now' upon the earth He would not he a priestl— Heh. viii. 4.' No man on ' earth; then, according to God's Word, Ican sustain the office of a " sacrificing priest." Cn tiio contrary/ we are informed, in' that Word, that we have a groat high priest that is passed into the heavens;- Jesus the Son of God'"— Heh; iv.'; 14-16,— a high priest who can he touched with the feolings ' of . our infirmities, as He wns-in all points tempted like-as we are, yet without sin ; and- wo are exhorted; therefore; to come boldly, not to an eartly priest; but to the throne of grace, that wo' may obtain mercy and find grace to help in time of need. All ' earthly-priests are, therefore, sot' aside by the one only : Priest, passed into - the heavens. What account, therefore, can you give of yourselves as " priests," in the judgment ? - But, moreover, priests: must he of some certain order. What order of priesthood do you claim ? You cannot possibly he of " the. order of Melehisedec," for he had no sueees-: sor, his prie.stliood: hejng: intransmissihlcand: eternal.— Hehi vih 17,' '23-25 ; whereas ' your' priesthbpd terminates at deatli. You cannot bo of iliC: order ojt'-.daj'oii; for then you should -prove y oar Jewish .descent,, your tribe, and family You are not JetoisZt priests. What then ? We learn from the Word of God that ithcre is no GAmZian order of priesthood that; Is riot shared by cweiv/ Ciiristian, aZZ of whom riro; by faith and' by union with Christ, con- Btituted-; and "'built up a- spiritual house, an -'/ioZy -' priesthood; to offer- up spzVitMaZ- sacri fices; acceptable' to God by '.Jesus Christ."—!' Peter'ii. 5. If you cannot, therefore, now declare to what particular order of priesthood you belong, what account can you' give of yourself in the judgment? We are agreed that- Christ founded His Oliurelii He selected and commissioned His Apostles to go forth into all the world, pro-; inising'to he 'with tliem:"-all : days, oven to the : corisummatipn of the world."-S. Matt. 'xxviii.'20. -But the Lord did not = constitute' his' Apostles' sacj'iicjnflr jricsto. For Ho not rinly-' sent' therri - forth but' gave' theiuibheir ; icpTnmsston Go ye into the whole world, ' smA 'preach' the Oospel to' every creature"— IMark xvi; 15, arid teaching ihevn, to- observe iall "; things whatsoever I have ' commanded you."— Miitt. 'xxviii. '20. 'Preaching ' and' '"teachmg 'were/ theroforo, the main business of iGhrist's'Apostles'; and it' was to be so -even \- unto the end of ' ' the world. ' This, therefore, :mu8t he- the principal "ocoupatiori of the ' " suceessors of the Apostles " while the world ilasts. ' And, therefore, during all their lives, jas-tho'Divirie record' has it, in the Book of 'the- Acts, the Apostles - were- engaged as ; preachers -and' teachers, not as - priests. Take some; remarkable instari'cesi ': Stl'. Peter thus spake : — " He (Jesus) .cotairiandcd us to .preach nnto theipeople, and't'o ' tosZljZy that it' is He who was appointed by God to be judge of the living and of The dead: To Him aiP jtiie- prophets give testimony," that by His "Name all receive remission of sins who believe' '.in Him;"— -.Acts X. 42; 43. And again, the ' : Apostle' 'Paul afterwards jpreacZterf to the IPhilippian 'jailer in chose -words " Beliovo: > jin the Lord Jesus, and thou shalt he saved innd thy house."— Acta xvi; '31. In no case idid any of the Apostles ever act' as sam/tciuflr priests for the people. ' But as'a further proof that the Lord. never intended or appointed sacrificing priests- in. His Church, we -have the assurance of St,' Paul, who supplies a list of the various officers which Christ gave to His Ohureli, as follows: — "He gave some to be Apostles, and some Prophets, and other some Evange lists, and other some pastors and doctors, for the perfecting of the saints, for the work of the ministry, for the edifying of the body of Christ." — Ephesians iv. 11, 12. There is no mention made of priests, and consequently we may he fully assured that there was no appointment, and no place, for such in the Church even to the end of time. What acuoiint, then, can you give of yourselves as priests when judged by the Word of God ? You direct the people to look to the Blessed Virgin Mary® as the "refuge of sin ners," whereas the Lord invites all sinners to look to Himself, the only Saviour — " Come tp Me; 'al.you that labour, and are heavy lad.en, arid r will refresh yoii."— St. Matt. xi. 28'. Nor was there ever any other hope or refuge, for sinn'ers but God Himself, as Holy Scrip-;- lure clearly teaches. "Be converted to Me, and you shall be saved, all ye ends of the earth; for -I am God, and there is no other.! — ' Isal xlv. 22. Again, " For He is my God rind my Saviour ; He is my protector, I shall be moved no more."— Pa. Ixi. 2. Are there two refuges for sinners? Will God give His glory to another ? You; say that when you offer Mass you offer a sacrifice for the sins of the people'; whereas the - Word of' God declares ' that havirig remission of the sins through the one sacrifice of Christ, " there, is no iriore' oblation for: Biri;"-:Heb'.';x. 18— as "by one,. oblation' Ho-' 'liatli perfected for oyer them that are sanctified;' —Heb; x; 14'; : and Christian roiriis- ters and 'Christian 'people' rife ripw invited and' directed to 'offer/;not 'a sricrifice for siri/buf "the sacrifice of praise always to GofZ,"th'at is, not the>ffuit- of 'the riMie,"'but " the fruit, of:onr 'Zz2JS; giyirig thanks to His riririio ;"'atid' " to do good:and toIiripart, ;f6r by'sric7t sacri- ' fices God: is' well 'pleased "— see Hebrews xiii.' 15, 16— and again,' " The' sacrifices to God is," not Masses, but " an afflicted sph'itf-PB, 1.19. You tench the doctrine of 'Purgatory— all' those- who have' corifessed' their sins / who ' have received j'our absolutions over arid over' again ; who haye partaken of your Sricra-:- ments ; whp have performed all their imposed penances and conforrripd, to aU other rites; ordinaneeB,!and'cotritriandments of the Chufch, as interpreted and directed by you, arid at the; close, - have been fortified ' by the late rites, pass away in fear and undertairity ' as to their future state. You teach tlieiri that tliey must endure the most indescribable torlrire to ; fit them for admission into heaven.': When tiny of 'your -people die, tlienlt is -your prayers and ceremonies, your rites and sacrifices com mence in earnest, in order to obtain " repose " for the poor souls which found none here. Even the stones in your graveyards are crying out that there is no salvation bv means- of the -rites of your Church/ for the reader is, by tlie inajorily of the inscriptioris, called on to pray for the repose of the souU ; and Masses are paid for to be offered continually for souls suffering in Purgatory. The Masses, 'which proved: ineffectual to prevent souls from , entering purgatory, are now celebrated an j invoked for the purpPae of delivering out of It ! How contrary all this toacAinr is to .the comforting statements: of the Word of God, as to the state of tiio blessed dead, we need- , only refer to- a few ' passages V of Holy Writ. To tho dying, but repentant and believing thief on the cross, who called; to Jesus for salvation; Jesus said/ " This day thou shalt be with Me in Paradise.' —St; Luke xxiii;: 43. The Apostle Paul ; declared' that the belie'ver in Ghrist " absent frorii the body," was "pre-' sent ; with: the Lord;" While the Apostle John assures; us that " the blood of Jesus Christ, 'His Sbh,' cleanseth us from rill 'siri "— 1 John i. 7 ; and -the same - Apostle : heard a voice saying, " W rite,' Blessed are the dead ; which die in the. Lord from henceforth, now saith the Spirit, that they may rest from their labours.'-'— Rev. xiv. 13.- Is not, then, your teachings in rZirect coritradiction to these plain statements of Holy Scripturo ? And we now aak-vou solemnlv. if for " nveru idlntirnvrl ilint. men, shall speala they shall give an dccoitnt," how will you be able to' stand in- the judg ment/ riot' m'erely ; for- your idle and un profitable teaeliing, hut for teaching directly in opposition to the-truth of God, which must inevitably result iii the everlasting destruction of millions of precious souls ? \- But, again, in the judgment we are fore warned that every one shall receive the things done in" his ibody, accbrding to that Zic hath ' done,' " wh'ether it be 'good or ' evil." — 2 Cor.' v.'lO/ You will' have to give an account, 'therefore, in the judgment, of your loorhs, as w'ell as of your' 'words ;"of yonr doings as well-as 'of your 'teachings. What; then, is the principal buslneBsrif your lives, as priests ? Yburrihief bccupatibh, as- priests, is offering what is termed "Tlie: Sacrifice of tiie Mass." This'ybu do.' contiriually. This is the princi-' pal part of "'that service for which you are specially ordained as priests. Is ' this a' work pleasing'.to God ? Has/this occupation the' . sanction of tho Word of God? ' Is it any where revealed 'or declared in that Word by which : you- aro to be judged ? Where, we would ask. yoii; in any 'portion of the New Testament, have you ; any account of, any directions. for, or any allusions to, the offering of, Masses ? W® . have full and detailed accounts given 'to' us of the sacrifiees offered' by the Jewish priests, under the old law. We have, in the four Gospels, accounts of the sacrifice of Christ once offered tor the salvation of sinners ; but nowhere the re- ' motest allusion to " the Sacrifice of the Mass." Surely, you cannot say that the ordinance of the Lord's Supper, as ordained and appointed by Christ Himself, bears any resemblance to your Mass. Nowhere in the Book of the Acts of tho Apostles do wo find tho Apostles employed in offering Masses. Cn the contr ary, Peter, John, and Paul continually declared to the people that tlip only way of salvation for any sinner was by trusting in that one Sacrifice for sins offered by Ciirist upon tlie cross, once for all, and never to be repeated. " So also Christ was offered ONCE to exhaust ' the sins of many. The second tinoe he shall appear without sin to them that expect Him ' unto salvation." — Heb. ix. 28. When, there fore, you appear before your " altar;" arid ' when you go through all the complicated: ceremonial of " the Mass,", have you con sidered what account you cpuld give, even now, and what account you tomsZ, give here after, in the judgment fo.- aueii, a prbccdure ? For St. Paul teaches us, by the Spirit of God, that, Christ Himself having offered one suffi- cient sacrifice upon the cross, for the sins :of tiie world, there is now ' no riecessity for any ' further sriorifico ; for all ' who, look ,',to' and" ' trust in Christ's Sacrifice offered on the cross, are saved without ' need of any further safcrifiee ; even as the Israelites/: bitten by serpents 'in the/wilderriess; were all healed by sina'ply looking to the . one brazen serpent which Mbses lifted up. This is the toaciiing of the Lord Jesus Himself" And - a's Moses lifted up the serpent in the desert, so must the Son of Man be lifted lip/ that whosoever believeth in Him may not, perish but have life ever lasting." Again— " He that belie"veth on the Son hath life bvorlristing, but ho that beliovotli not .the. Son shrill , not seo life, but . tho wrath of God'abkleth on him."— St. John iii. 14i 15, 36\. Liko the Jewish .priests of old, you are oftentimes .offering tiio/ sairie " sacrifices '' whiclirioririever take away, si lis, and the con- starit repetition of these proves their irieffici- :ency. : We know that your " Ohnrcli '' teacliesj and that yoa/affirm, that the Sacrifice/of the Mass is: the 'sarae sacrifice th.'it Christ offered up . on the cross, only that the Jfass is offered up in an unbloody; mariner. , Surely you must , be aware, froin the teaching of the Word of :Triith/ that' Christ's Sacrifice on the cross rioyer has boenj and never could he, repeated upon ' earfh. ; / Thrit 'sacrifice, when offered upon the cross, was accompanied with many outward signs and wonders, which have never since been held upon earth j aiifl if the same sacrifice was offered, of siiriilar value and : efficacy; similar acebmpaniinonts and evi dences we should ri.xpect would attest its worth ; ' for when Christ's sacrifice was of fered; then: — " The earth did quake ; the rocks rent ; the graves were opened ; the dead rose ; darkness was over the land."— -Matt, x.xvii. 45-54; These and other coriViiicing signs all told of the wondrous fsacrlfice that was then offered, and for ever finished on the cross, tho .same signs never acoompanying any other sacrifice ;; and- therefore proving that no such sacrifice of similar potency has ::bver since been offered. When Christ died upon the , cross. He uttered the significant words, " It is 'Finished. Siirely, therefore, you cannot now conZZiiMe to offer the same sacrifice which was then pronounced to ho Finished. Con sequently, all; who have over been saved, whose history lias been preserved to us, have been saved by trusting in the; efficacy and sufficiency of the one finished sacrifico of Christ ; as tjib converts on the day of Pehte- cost, ;;the Ethiopian Eimuch, the Philippian Jailer, the Apostle Paul himself, and count less others— -" And the Holy Ghost doth testify this to us, : for after that/Hb: had /said, And this is the tbstainbnt 'which I will iriake unto them after those : days, saitii tlie ' Lord, giving triy laws in tiieir hearts and in ' their minds I will write them, and their sins and iriiquities I will remember no more. Now where there is a remission of these there, is NO MORE an oblation for sin;"- Hob/ x. 15-18;: These things being so, how, . we ask ybu; will/you'stand in the judgment, wlibre you must' give an account of your rZeeiZs. Your lives are spent' in doing that for which there is no authority in that Word by which you will: be judged? How, then, can you stand in the judgment ? - But this 'is not, all. You are answerable not/for yourselybs only, The o;ce which yoii hold, ydur/zdacZiZnflfs, and your doingshave an iiriportant bearing and infinence b/i oZZjcj'S. Yoii" arc regarded' as the spiritual guides, , leaders, and teachers of many people. You \- may be said to shape the eourse and deter mine the spiritual destiny of 'miliibris. Millions who have already passed intb eternity and millions ' who are now passing Into eternity, have been and are, taught rind directed by you; Here in 'Ireland the great majority of our people are brought up from, their. infancy looking to you and confiding in' you as their sole . spiritual directors ; implicit confidence ./is reposed Id you and in ypiir teachings and actings for tho people respect ing their highest, even their eternal interests. If, . therefore, your office as Priests be unteh-, . able, if your teaching bo false and unscriptural, if your priestly sacrZ/Zces ho vainand unaccept- ahlo, how dreadful must be your position. as. "blind loaders of the blind!" How awful naust/ho'.your responsibility as daludors of souls,', how fearful your punishment,, as accessories to the eternal ruin of couritlbss multitudes I To Paul; tho Apostle of . briri ;L'ord and Saviour, sinners saved tlirough the glad tidings of the Gospel which ho preached were hisijoy and crown of glory at the com ing- oif the Lord JesuB Christ.— Thees. ii. 19. Souls, ruined by means of the inventions, the eirorsj the false mediators, the profitless sacrifices and unauthorised sacraments of which you are the dispensers, will at that day call.for your judgment and contribute to your increased misery and anguish. To lose one's self is misery indeed ; but to be the means of the ' destruction of others, this is torment horrible and inexpressible ! " What shall it profit a man if he should gain the whole world and lose his own soul ?" but what shall bo the loss of those who not only lose them selves, but are also the instruments of tlie ruin, of the souls of others ? 0 sirs ! lay these things to heart ere another precious soul perish through your vain inventions, impotent to 'save ! Wo forbear to point, as a further demon stration of these solemn truths, to the effects of your teaching and practice on the temporal condition of the people, and on the social and political state of our common country. These effects are sufiBciently evident, and have, resulted in Ireland— and especially that por tion of Ireland which is most under your influence— becoming a byeword among the nations of the earth. Bdman Catholic priests of Ireland, we appeal to you, then, as men — as intelligent ijjen— are you satisfied with your position ? We ask you, as those guiding the eternal destinies of others, are you contented to remain teaching them for doctrines the com mandments of men, and leading precious souls- you know not whither? We appeal to you as patriots, can you bear to see your country in confusion — the fair land of your birth enveloped in the dark clouds of super stition — the masses of her people sunk in ignorance, groping in darkness, grovelling in misery, ground down under an unrelenting spiritual oppression, perishing for lack of knowledge, without the pure light of the blessed gospel of the Lord Jesus Christ, strangers to the liberty wherewith Christ hath made His people free? We ask you, how can you he at ease in the contemplation that you are the representatives, the active agents, and propagandists of this system in Ireland ? How' can you bear the weight of such a tremendous responsibility ? We would, therefore, entreat of you earnestly and diligently to search the Word of God for yourselves, to see whether these things are so. We would ask you calmly to survey the situation, and determine now, by that only infallible test and standard by which you will be judged hereafter, whether- you are safe and wise longer to continue in your office and occupation as " priests" of the Church of Rome ? The true Church of Christ is represented' in - that Word under the figure of " Jerusalem," the City of Peace, at : unity with itself, -destined to shine wiUi heavenly and everlasting glory. : The: false Church; is; represented and prefigured i; as Babylon, the City of Confusion, doomed to perish, as it is written—" Babylon the great is fallen, is fallen, and is-bec6ihe the habita tion of devils, and the hold of every unclean spirit, and the hold of ' every unclean and hateful bird. Because all nations have drunk of the. wine of the wrath: of her fornication," and: therefore is ; the: exhortation " Go out from heu, my people, that yod be not partakers of her sins, and that yod re ceive not of her plagues."- Rev. xviii. 2-4. Your only safety, therefore, and your only happiriess, must depend- on -your enlightened conviction of the , errors of . the Church of Rome, your conversion to and reception of the truths of the Gospel, your total abandbh- ment of the corrupt communion with %vhich ' you are associated, and your fellowship .with the true Church of Christ and the people of God.; \ye wish it to be distinctly unclerstpod that our object in - thus addressing you ; is not : merely to draw you from one ecclesiastical organisation to another. It is, to put before you the glorious Gospel of the Lord Jesus Christ, so that,., by God's /grace, you may bo led to accept Him as your only Saviour, arid coirie out of that system of superstition arid error in which you are involved. Our earnest desire is that you should possess the blessings of ari open Bible and the teachings of, the Holy pracles of God ; . that you riiay obtain the knowledge; of salvation through simple! faith iri 'tti'c , Lor Jesus .Christ, and enjoy .His ! precious proiTiiscs, so .'that with alb true children of God .you may rejoice in " the liberty . where with, phrist .makes Hisi people free," and thus ensure a holy fruitful life here.and the assurance of eternal blessedness . hereafter... . ; i-: .- .;;!' - Priests of the Church of Rome! we would, therefore, ; invite you to follow; the, blessed example of other priests; in other agesj Acts" ''' "1 Jiy, and of many everi in bur bwn times, and become obedient to-tlie faitli of Christ. : Through the accident of birth ; through early association and education.; through partiality or prejudice ; through ignorance or self- mterest:; -through the preposterous claims, it may be,- or. the tyrannical power of the so- cdled " Catholic " Church, allbwing neither liberty of thought nor freedom of action ;or through the spell of superstitipn;; or, through all gether,; you have cbntinued to. this day. m the: faith and ; ministry of the; Church .of ; Rome. But now you vhave . no, excuse-— the light shineth ; the Lord 'speaketh ; the voice « n siud of :; warning- soiirideth, Lome out of;.heb, jrY, people !" Hesita-te hen no longer. No longer halt between two opinions.- In such momentous concerns bring yourselyes iinmediately arid consciously into he presence of God. ' Be guided, not by the opinions of men, but by the Word and will of "i: oohscionce' act, enlightened by the pirit.of God. . Let not the interests of time >yeigh in ypur calculations the interests of - eternity. Let not the. fear of man bring a snare unto you. , Convinced that you aro hearkening to. the call of the Lord, take up your cross and follow Him. Let, then, no earthly ties entangle you ; no worldly in terests impede you ; no fears of poverty or persecution appal you ; for who is he that will harm you if ye be followers of that which is good ? He, then, that is for you is more than all they that can be against you. Be strong, then, and quit you like men. Rise to the dignity of intellectual, accountable, and immortal beings. Break through the prejudices of ages. Shake off your fetters. Trample on your chains. Come forth from darkness into the unclouded light of day. Slaves no longer, proclaim yourselves free men, whom the truth makes free. May God our Father, Christ our Saviour, and the Holy Ghost our Comforter, the ever blessed triune God, quicken, enlighten, and strengthen you — giving you grace to do His will, to follow His guiding here, arid to bo partakers of His glory hereafter 1 