'Death of 1r, h.FObrster, I.LA. .,. TELEana, received from Sydney yester ,day announced the sudden death of Mr. W. Forster,'M.P.:for Gundagai. MrI. 'Forster retired to bed on Sunday night, apparently .quite well, and died in his sleep. He had been suffering occsitonally.from pain in h'is chest for the past two months, but up "to ten days ago contmued pret:.ty well. He was aged 61.. The deceased gentleman's Parliament career and character for in tegrity are so well known throughout the Australias as to need no comment.. From the "Australian Dictionary of .Dates and Men of the .Tim-." we extract the followine :-" Mr. Foister was born at Madras in 1818, and came to Australia when he was eleven years of age. At an early age he entered into squatting pur 'suits. 'Mr. Florster wroto a satire entitled "The Genius and the Ghost"-a dialogue between the genius of Sydney and the ghost of transportation. His genius for satire has been more allied with the logic and eloquence of public' orations than with the art of versification, in which he hasl shown that he can excel. Shortly after the introduction of Respor:ib 'e Government •Mr. Forster madie himself known to the people of this country as a leader in parliamentary codificts. At differeit times .he represented East Sydney, St. Leonards; The Hastings, Queanbeyan, Illawarra, and Murrumbidgee. From the time of his entering Parliament Mr. 'Forstor was a keen critic of the Cowper administration. When the first Education question came on the denomina tional tendencies of Mr. Cowper's scheme offered an opportunity for attackr. That government was defeated, and Mr. Forster was entrusted with the work of forming a ministry. He associated with himself Mr. John.Black (as Minister of Lands), Mr. Saul Samuel (as Treasurer), MIr. G. Eagar (as Minister for.Works), Mr. E. Wise, after wards Judge of the Supreo:e Court (as .Attorney-General), and aIr. J. F. Hargrave, now Mr. Hargrave (as Solicitor-General). This ministry was defeated on their U?pper House Electoral . Bill, and retired in March, 1860. Mr. Forster has not since that time been at .the head of an administration, although the opportunity of taking that position was offered to him in May, 1878, when the Martin's ministry was defeated on' the :Border Duties question. Ile was Colonial Secretary in Mr. Martin's first ministry, and "Secretary for Lands in Mr. Robertson's second ministry. From February 9, 1875, to February 7, 1876, he was Colonial Treasurer in the Robertson ministry, and on that date was appointed Agent-General for the colony of New South 'Wales, reei dent in London. Mr.Forstor'stalents have been chiefly displayed in opposition.' In the stirength and culture of his logical powers he was foremost in Parliament." Owing to some misapprehension on.his part as to the duties of Agent. General, Mr. W. Forster was recalled. At this juncture the general election of 1880 took plawe, and so great was the opinion of the electors of -Gundagai of Mr. Forster's integrity as a representative of the people that they re turned him by an overwhelming majority. Mr. Forst.r accepted the seat; and re .mnained in his, place in Parliament until his demise, as reported yesterday. 