SPORTING NOTES. j By " Newmarket." ! The magnificent entries received on Mon- | day last for the V.A.T.C. October meeting have exceeded the most sanguine expecta tions, and furnish additional proof of the growing popularity of the gentlemen's club. The number of nominations in every event show 8 substantial increase, but perhaps the ; most noticeable increase is in the Findon i Harriers' Gold Vase, which has attracted the large entry of fifty-nine horses, by far the greatest number of entries ever received for any steeplechase in Australia; and as no stone is to be left unturned to procure riders, we may confidently anticipate , that more than half the number will start, : which will produce one of the grandest jumping contests seen in the colonies. ! The handicaps for the Melbourne Hunt Club Spring Meeting were issued on Tnesday last, Rhesus, of course, heading the list in the Hurdle Bace with list 121b, and even with that weight he should be hard to beat. Of the others, Annie Laurie, Dundreary, and Mariner look dangerous. The Ghost. Scandal, and Verdure appear to be well in in the Flat Bace, and Edith and Angler should be about in the Hunt Club Cup. For the Open Steeplechase, T like nothing so well as Erin, Euchre, and Yerlo. The latter, I know, is very fast, and can easily beat Buzza on tbe fiat. The BairnEdale Bacing Club have taken a step in the right direction in inangarating a Sires' Produce Stakes, to be run in 1885, and j it is gratifying to find that the local ,stud« j masters have responded liberally, and have j nominated thirteen sires, comprising — Mr. j Hill's Wollomai, Mr. John Calvert s Scion, j Mr. William Calvert's (jun.) Lueifer, Mr. Alexander Smith's His Lordship, Don | Giovanni, Silence; Hon. W. Pearson's j Venom, Professor, Lamplighter ; Mr. Kear- j ; ney's Actaeon, Mr. W. Buchanan's Flying ; ! Fox, Mr. John O'Brien's Flying Dutchman. ; ; The nomination of Mr. G. Davis's Mercury j I was made after the appointed time, and has j | been received, subject to the approval of the j ; other nominators. The subscription is 10 j | guineas eaeh, which, with the sweep and I added money, will bring the value of the | stake up to over £200. i Owners and trainers are reminded that the i first forfeit of 24 sovs each for the Mares' Produce Stakes, "and 5 sovs each fop the Maribyrnong Plate, must be declared and paid to the .secretary of the V.B.C., A.J.C., or S.A.J.C. before 4 p.m. on Monday, 2nd October, or nominators will be liable for farther forfeits. The Flemington training ground is again beginning to assume a very busy appearance in the early morning. Mr. Saville is in variably tbe early bird, and on- Tuesday morning he opened the ball by sending First Water and Prometheus to good work. Both horeea look very well, especially First Water, i who was anxious to get nis neaa away irom his rider. Assyrian, Hebrew, and Footstep j worked in company, and the youngsters, Delusion and Laplander, cantered and brushed home. Mr. F. Dakin next appeared upon the scene, with Darebin, Magnet, Fryiugpan, Tapio, and Contessina. Last year's Derby winner looks really well, while Fryingpan has also improved. J.' i Morrison treated Commotion and Aliander to j a good striding gallop, and Don Quixote to a mild canter. Coffey's team performed I some interesting work. The tight little ; islanders, Bagot, Stockwell, Hobart, j Queen Oaks, and Quicksilver, all put in ! serviceable work. Adventurer was given a good extender, and the two-year- olds, Tichborne and George Bignold, cantered, j Mr. Crook gave Aepsn and Ironmaster a ! canter, and Chifney had Annie Lanrie, P.G., j and Soothsayer on the ground. P.G. looks j wonderfully welL Several other lots were ' treated to useful exercise, but nothing of any : importance was done. ! Although it will necessarily be some time before we will h&ye; an Australian trotting circuit, it is pleasing to note that efforts are being matte to form trotting clubs in other places besides Melbourne. On Saturday last a number of gentlemen, representing the newly-formed Sandhurst Trotting Clnb, waited upon the Bendigo Jockey Clnb, to see what terms they could arrange for forming a trotting track on the racecourse at Epsom. After Mr. Fetherstone had stated the requirements of the trotting club, the'msm- bers of tbe jockey club readily assented to tbe proposals, and offered most liberal terms. As Sandhurst contains more than one lover of the sport, it will not be long before we will see some good contests at Qn&rtzopolie.; The recent Sting expo$6 at Hawkesbury, though it disclosed a somewhat original method of hoodwinking the public, has its parallel both in England and America,, and, according to the Field, the integrity of no less a personage than Lord Ellesmere, the owner of Lowland Chief, the winner of the Stewards' Cup at Goodwood, is questioned. Some little time anterior to the Goodwood Meeting, Lowland Chief ran for the Visitors' Plate, a selling race, at Newmarket, and ran nowhere, and great surprise is therefore expressed when he is brought to Goodwood, where he wins the Stewards' .Cup easily, carrying 8st 81b, and beating a large field of good horses. After the race was over, it became known that Lord Ellesmere had backed the horse for a large sum of money, aud this circumstance caused bis Lordship to be EUmmonad by Sir John Astley to appear before the stewards ; but the owner of Low land Chief knew nothing, and having no tangible evidence of fraud, the stewards were compelled to dismiss the subject. Mr. J. Evans's colt Merlin is still in the V.A.T.C. Great Foal Stakes of 1882, having been struck oat in error. 'Highflyer was scratched for the Hunt Club Cup on the appearance of the weights. Messrs. W. C. Yuille and Co. report having sold, on account of Mr. A. Davis, the well- known racehorse Respite, to go to the stud' out of the colony ; and, on account of Mr. C. B. Fisher, eighteen thoroughbred colts and fillies to a foreign buyer. 1 am informed that both Cooreena and Boolka are doing particularly well, but that the latter is exhibiting signs of fractiousness, which are likelv to canse his trainer some trouble. Waterloo antl Gloster have been scratched for the Melbourne Cup. Strathearn and The Barber have been scratched for the Gaulfield Cup. Mr. F. Beynolds, of Tocal, has purchased Warlike, the sire or Proctor, for 1,200 guineas. Warlike was bred in England in 1865 ; got by Weatherbit from Heroine of Lucknow, by Nut with from Pocahontas (dam of Stock- well). During the late A.J.C. meeting, several members of the light-fingered gentry were proceeded against for running their nefarious little games on the coarse at Band wick, but as the presiding magistrate held that a race course is not a public place, they were all discharged, and for the remainder of the meeting cardsharpers and magsmen rah riot on the course. However, their freedom is not likely to be very long envied, for " Martin- dale," in the Town and Country, says ; — " An active canvass was made amongst the sport ing ' fraternity on Saturday for funds to defend the test ease to be submitted to the courts in order to ascertain whether a race course is 4 an open and public place ' within the meaning of the act. Mr. Marsh, at the Water Police-court, has upheld Mr. Levien's objection that it is not open or public in the sense meant by the law, because it is neither open, being barred by gates, nor public, seeing that admission to it is charged. In a case of slander a racecourse would be a public place, but as regards betting, people pay a fee to gain access to a place where gambling in all forms goes on. The police, finding the ordinary prosecutions of no avail, have issued summonses which will be heard, and, whatever the results, appeals will be made to the higher courts. The matter iB a 'Serious one to a very large number of persons, while the effect the outcome will have on public morality must not be lost sight of. The chevaliers dindus - trie have the sympathies of very many persons who view with great disfavour the efforts to sadden life by restricting all enjoyment. ' Amongst the twenty rires nominated for the A, J.C. Sires' Produce Stakes of 18S6 appear the names of twelve colonial-bred stallions, including Grand Flaneur, Chester, Mari byrnong, and Sweetmeat. | About fifty gentlemen assembled on Tuesday | at Gansler's cafe, Collins street, to witness an exhibition of Shinnerling's patent electric : totalisator. The machine is a very complete piece of mechanism, showing sectional num bers, ranging from one to eighteen, with a total register in the centre. The action of the instrument is very simple, and free from the slightest suspicion of unfairness. Mr. Shinnerling fully explained the working of the totalisator to the satisfaction of all present. An effort is being made to form a company upon the same basis as the recently- established Sportsman's Clnb. The Y.A.T.C. will hold their annual finan cial meeting on Monday, the 2nd of October. The four retiring members of the committee are Messrs. D. S. Wallace, A. B. Blackwood, H. Fisher, and J. M'Millan, all of whom are eligible for re-election. Gentlemen desirous of becoming candidates for the vacant posi- finno mn«( in thpiy yicmno aanen OWfVU uoj o before the election. The jockey Campbell, who rode Luna in the Holdfast Handicap at Adelaide last Saturday, was unfortunately killed on the spot, owing to the mare running up against a post. « The latest bulletin from Sydney states that Segenhoe is all right again, and put in some good work on the training-track yesterday morning. Wheatear, the gallant son of Epigram and Wheafsheaf, who met with an accident on the training-ground at B&ndwickj; had to be destroyed on Saturday last. From an Adelaide paper 1 learn that Guesswork narrowly escaped putting an end to his chance for the V.R.C. Derby on Saturday last. After Guesswork's win, his Ex cellency the Governor of South Australia pre seated the blue ribbon to Sir Thomas Elder, and congratulated him on the victory of his colt, and daring the cheering that followed, when Sit Thomas was proposing "one cheer more" for his Excellency, Guesswork cut the proceedings short by bolting off the lawn, and, with two or three narrow escapes of injury, ran through the gates of the paddock Into tbe road adjoining tbe coarse towards his stables, but was pulled up by Bawlings without injury. , Daring the past few weeks there have been some changes in the sporting editorships of my two Collins street contemporaries. Mr. Hammersley, who for seventeen years has so ably conducted the sporting department of the Australasian, severed bis connection wi;h that paper some little time ago, and last week Mr. N. B. D. Bond, the .popular secretary of the V.A.T.C., relinquished a fifteen-years' connection with the Leader . Mr. Bond is recognised as one of the most r capable sporting writers, and in retiring from the profession of journalism, he carries with him the best wishes of his many friends, who have always found him more of a " Beacon" than a "-Falcon." From New Zealand I learn that the race horse Le Loup has left the post for the pad dock, Mr. Taggett having purchased him for 500 guineas, A. one-mile foot race for £100 and tbe championship of New Zealand, between O'Connor, a Victorian pedestrian, and Burke, a local representative, was decided recently, and resulted in tbe easy defeat of O'Connor. The Barber has bean scratched for tbe Melbourne Cup and Champion Bace. The steamship Dorunda, which arrived in Brisbane on Thursday last, brought the un welcome intelligence of the wreck of the steamship Ganges, which left Melbourne cn the 4th September for Calcutta with 300 cavalry horses, the property of Mr. G. Glass- cock. The horses were the progeny of Panic, Angler, Irish King, Lady kirk, Bonnie Carlisle, and Bylong, from well-bred mares, and as they were only partially insured, the loss to Mr. Glasscock is, indeed, a heavy one. The Campbell Town Steeplechase was de cided on loth inet., at Biccarton Estate, Tasmania, but for various reasons the event was not a great success. Eight local horses competed, and the winner turned up in Speculation, a son of Peter Wilkins, with the favourite (Victor) second, and Paul third. The competitors were a sorry lot, and the race itself resulted in a complete fizzle, o wing to every horse either baulking or fall- ing ; the winner even both baulked and fell, It is a pity that the. stewards, instead of giving eueh a large amount as 250 sovs. for a steeplechase, did not issue a programme of five events, including a 50 sovs. steeplechasy, which sum would have been quite sufficient to attract tbe same field that eompeted cn Friday week. Tbe weights for the Maryborough and Carisbrook meeting, to be held on Wed. nesday and Thursday next, were published on Wednesday last For the Mary, borough Handicap I like Eros or Co quette, and Haidee of the Hills and Busy Bee seem the best in the Flutter. For the Tallaroop Handicap nothicg looks so well as Eros and Flying Jib ; while Monitor ought to be about in the Hurdle Bace, unless Coquette can bowl him over ; and Haidee of the Hills, Basy Bee, and Elsa May should fight it out for the Town Plate. CirQumstanees combined prevented the Ballarat Turf Club Winter Steeplechase Meeting, which was held on Thursday, flom passing off with any degree of pleasure to the onlookers or profit to the club. The opening event ended badly for the backers, and the favourite, Bustard, was' easily beaten. The Hurdle Bace produced an expiring set-to between Dundreary and Sportsman, which was declared a dead -heat, though many thought the former had won ; but as it was admittedly a close thing, no one could be as well able to decide as the judge ; still, it would have been just as well if seme other gentleman had occupied the judicial box when horses in the Dowiing Forest stable were competing, as the publio, knowing the long and successful connection Mr. Loughlin has had with the stable alluded to, are un« charitable enough to sappose that tne uok.e might prefer to see Sportsman win. Shortly after the running of the dead-heat, Mr. M. Jacobs, the bookmaker, bought Dundreary for £200, for the avowed purpose of prevent- ing a division and giving tbe public another ran for their money, but subsequently it was discovered that public interests would be best conserved by dividing the stakes, which was accordingly done. Directly the weights were published for the Ballarat Grand National Steeplechase, Left Bower was selected as the winner, and he showed that he was worthy of the preference, by winning in the commonest of canters, after being stopped at one of the fences, through Euchre baulking and putting him off. The rppori current in Adelaide some time ago that Mr. Wilson's well-known hurdle, racer Jack and the circus horse Abdallah were drowned on a passage to India is, I am happy to state, without the slightest foundation, aod Mr. Frank Weston, of this city, the genial Wizard-oil patentee, kindly writes to say:— " I received a letter yesterday (30th Septem ber) from Mr. Wilson, dated from Calcutta, wherein he informs me that Sir Peter, Jack, Venture, and all the other racehorses, were landed in splendid condition, including all the trick and circus horses, and high opinions were expressed by competent racing and sporting men on each and every horse as it disembarked. The three-vear-old iron-grey wood colt standing 194 hands high completely astounded the Calcutta public. Mr. John Wilson1 has appropriately named him Kin- chirtjinga. Barney, the trick mule, walked off the ship without being asked directly tbe landing- stages were up. A long account appears in the Calcutta papers regarding the excellence of Mr. John Wilson's shipment ex Bollo." The galloway Van Tromp, by Young Ace of Clubs, has been sold to Mr. J. Cripps foe £40 ; Van Tromp is destined for the stud. _ Santa Clans, with others of Mr. P. Bow ling's string, will undergo his preparation at Brighton. Mr. D. S. Wallace has purchased the Yamma stud from O. M. Lloyd. Amongst the horses disposed of are The Diver, Swivelier and Marchioness. The Victorian Trotting Club will hold another meeting at Elsternwiek to-day- The programme to be gone through is the Maiden Trot and the Three-minute Class. With a start. Maid of Mona should land the former, \- and Native Oat should have no difficulty in securing the latter event. Tbe American custom of pool-selling will be adopted. 