THE YOUXt; FOLK*. THE HOOS1ER SCHOOL BOY. [fjy Edward Eggleston, in St. Nicholas.] Chai'teb, XVIII.—Gho.st.s. Jack and Bob had to amuse Columbus with stones, to divert his mind from the notion that Pewee and his party meant them some harm. The Indian burying- ground was not an uncommon place of resort on Sundays for loafers and idlers, and now and then parties came from as far a3 Greenbank, to have the pleasure of a ride and the amusement of dig ging up Indian relics from the cemetery on the hill. This liill-top commanded a view of the Ohio River for many miles in both direc tions, and of the Kentucky River, which emptied into the Ohio just opposite. I-do not know whether the people who can find amusement in digging up bones and throwing tliciu down-liill enjoy scenery or not, but I have heard it urged that even some dumb animals, as horses, enjoy a landscape, and I once knew-of a large dog, in Switzerland, who would sit enchanted for a long time on the brink of a mountain cliff, gazing off at the lake below. It is only fair to suppose, there . fore, that even these idle diggei-3 in Indian mounds had some pleasure in looking from a liill-top; at any rate, they were fond of fre quenting this one. Pewee, and Riley, and Ben Berry, and two or three others of the same feather, had come down on this Sunday to sec the Indian Mound and to find any other sport that might lie in their reach. When they had dug up and thrown away down the steep hill side enough bone3 to satisfy their jackal pro clivities, they began to cast about tiiem for some more exciting diversion. As there were no water-melon patches nor orchards to be robbed at this season of the year, they de cided to have an egg-supper, and then to wait for the nioon to rise after midnight before starting to row and cordeilc their two boats up the river again to Greenbank. The fun of an egg-supper to Pewee's party consisted not so much in the eggs as in the manner of fretting them. Ill very nest in Judge Kane's cliicken-house was rummaged that night, and Mrs. Kane found next day that all the nest eggs were gone, and that one of her young liens was missing also. About dark, little Allen Mackay, a round bodied, plump-faced, jolly fellow who lived near the place where the skiffs were landed, and who had spent the afternoon at the Indian Mound, came to the door of the old log-house. "I wanted to say that you fellows have always done the right thing by me. You've set me across oncet or twicet, and you've always been ' clever' to me, and I don't want to see no harm done you. You'd better look out to niglit. They's some eliaps from Green bank down here, and they're in for a frolic, and somebody's lien-roost '11 suffer, I guess; and they don't like you boys, and they talked about routing you out to-night." "Thank you," said Jack. " Let 'em rout." said Bob. But the poor little Pet Owl was all in a cold shudder again. About eleven o'clock, King Pewee's party had. picked the last bone of Mrs. Kane's chicken. It was yet an hour and a half before the moon would be up, and there was time for some fun. Two boys from the neighborhood,, who had joined the party, agreed to furnish dough-faces for them all. ISothing more ghastly than masks of dough can well be imagined, and when the boys all put them on, and had turned their coats wrong-side out, tliey were almost afraid of one another. " Now," said Riley, " Pewee will knock at flic door, and when they conie with their lan tfin or candle, we'll all rush in and howl like Indians." " How do Indians howl ?" asked Ben Berry. " Oh, any way—like a dog or a wolf, you know. And then they'll be scared to death, and we'll just pitch tlicir beds, and dishes, and everything else out of the door, and show ' tliem how to clean house." Riley didn't know that Allen Mackay and Jack Dudley, hidden in the bushes heard this speech, nor t-liat Jack as soon as he had heard the plan, crept away to tell Bob at the house what the enemy proposed to do. As the crowd lieared -the log-liouse, Riley prudently fell to the rear, and pushed Pewee to the front. There was just the faintest whitening of the sky from the coming moon, but the large apple-trees in front of the log liouse made it very dark, and the dongh-face crowd were obliged almost fo feel tlieir way as they came into the shadow of these trees. Just as-Riley was exhorting Pewee to knock at the door, and the whole party was tittering at the prospect of turning Bob, Jack, and Columbus out of bed and out of doors, they all stopped short and held' their breaths. "Good gracious! J ilius Cxsar! Sakes alive !" whispered Ril 'y. " What — wh — what is that V' Nobody ran. All stood as though frozen in their places. For out from behind the corner of the house came slowly a skeleton head. It was ablaze inside, and the light shone out of ali the openings. The thing had no feet, no hands, and no body. It actually floated through the air, an'd now and then joggled and danced a little. It rose and fell, but still came nearer and nearer to the attacking party of dough faces, who for their part could not guess that Bob Halliday had put a lighted candle into an Indian's skull, and then tied this ghost's lantern to a wire attached to the end of a fi-Ling-rod, which lie operated from behind the house. Pewee's party drew close together, and Riley whispered hoarsely— " i'lie house is ha'nted." Just then the hideous and fiery deatli's head made a circuit, and swung grinning into Riley's face, who could stand no more, but broke into a full run toward the river. At the same instant Jack tooted a dinner horn, Judge Kane's big dog ran barking out of the log-liouse, and the enemy were routed like the Midianites before Gideon. Their consterna tion was greatly increased at finding their boats gone, for Allen Mackay had towed them into a little creek out of sight, and hidden the oars in ail elder thicket. Riley and one of the others were so much afraid of the ghost that " ha'nted" the old house that they set out straightway for Greenbank, leaving their boats. Pewee and the others searched every where for their boats, and at last sat down and waited for daylight. J list as day was { breaking Bob Holliday came down to the river with a towel, as though for a morning bath. Very accidentally, of course, he came upon Pewee and his party all tired out, sitting on the bank in hope that day might throw some light on the fate of their boats. "Hello, Pewee! You here? What's the matter ?" said Bob, with feigned surprise. j " Some thief took our skiffs. We've been I looking for tliciu all night, and can't find $ ihcm" '•That's carious," said Bob, sitting down and leaning his head on his hand. " Where did you get supper last night ?" " Oh! we brought some with us." " Look here, Pewee, I'll bet I can fiad your boats." "How?" " You give me money enough among you to pay for the cgg3 and the chicken you had for supper, and I'll find out who hid your boats and where the oar3 are, and it'll all be square." Pewee was now sure that the boat had been taken as indemnity for the chickeu and the eggs. He made every one of the party con tribute something until he hadcoliected what Bob thought sufficient to pay for the stolen things, and Bob took it and went up and found Judge Kane, who had just ri3eu, and left the money with him. Then lie made a circuit to Allen lVlackay's, waked him up, and got the oars, which they put into the boat3, and pushing these out of their hiding place they rowed them into the river, deliver ing them to Pewee and company, who took, them gratefully. Jack and Columbus had now made their appearance, and as Pewee got into his boat he thought to repay Bob'u kindness with a little advice. "I say, if I was you fellers, you know, E wouldn't stay in ilm old cabin a single night." '' Why ? " asked Jack. "Because," said Pewee, "I've heard tell that it is ha'nted." " Ghosts aren't anything when you get used to them," said Jack. " Wc don't mind taeiu at all." "Don'tyou?" said Pewee, who was now rowing against the current. "No," said Bob, " not" dough-face,s neither." Even Pewee'a dull mind began to guc3.s that Bob and Jack were welL acquainted with ghosts, and might know where they caaie from. 