CATHOLIC, LENTEN LECTURES BY THE ARCH BISHOP. Oh Sunday evening his Q-raoe tho Archbishop delivered the first of his Lenten lectures. The pro-Cathedral wao crowded, and the lecture was commenced immediately aftor ovoning prayers. Hio Grace oaid that ho proposed during the Sun days ot Juonu to deliver a row discourses on the miracloo and tho parables of our blessod Redeemer, and hie reason for ohoooing those oubjecto was that he felt duvo that no movo powerful or offective arguments oould be brought forward to provo tho divinity of our Lord and of His Church. It wua on account of tho iniidolity of tho present clay that he dooirod to touch upon these r.ubjaota. B'rom what they read in the nowspapero and the magnainoc published in all parts they could noo that thio npirit of infidelity wao rampant; throughout the whole of tho civilizod world. Thic modern unbelief was eaaily accounted for. At tho present day everything wao at conotant. high prooouro, and even poroons of cultivated mindc did not o.ppoar to havo oither the time or the inclination to atudy tho pnncipleo and truths of Christianity. Somothing lighter and moro at tractive wan proforrod, and inetoad of devoting ^-Vinin minrln (n fcho fihldv of l;ho;if) rliviiin nviriAi nl»n which otand firm as tho eternal rock, tho majority of fcho people of tho preoont day road nowopapors and magazines, allowed themselves to be led actvay bj' infldol writers, and formed their idoaa from tho writings of men whoso aim it is to de stroy religion. It is in an eopocuil manner tho dutv of the prelatoc of tho Church to oombat horocyand infidelity, and to show' the hollownescof this iuibelio£, and ho addreosed himself to hia pro nont tack feeling porfeotly sure that when he had finiohed hislecburea all v/ho liatened to him would be compelled to admit that Our Saviour is divine, and that His Church is divine also, go strong wero tho arguments that could be brought to bear upon the subject. He would tnko a quotation from tho ocoay on the 'Utility of Religion' by a gifted and powerful writer, one who osercisod a great influence on tho minds of hiu fellow men ? — John Stuart Mill. Hn vTould join issue with this writer in his remarks on the divinity of Christ, and he would prove that tho asser tion that our Blessed Saviour never claimed divinity was absolutely faloe. Ib r/ao nob his (the Archbishop's) intention to fight a man of atraw, but ono who was high in the estima tion of all thinking men. Mr. Mill in bio essay made use of the following words : — {( rPK n tv- n .t J- itninoKlo nnv}', nP (-.Via zi-fPa.-jf- /in Mi ii character which Christianity haa produced by holding up in a Divine Poraon a standard of excellence and a model of imitation, is available even to tho absolute unbeliever, and can never mort.' be lost to humanity. For it io Christ rather than God whom Christianity has held up to believers as the pattern of perfection for humanity. Hi io the Q-od incarnate more than the G-od of tho Jevvu or of Nature who being idealized hue taken bo great and salutn,ry a hold on tho modern mind. Aud whatever otae may be tiiken away from uo by natural criticism, Christ io still loffc ; a uniquo riguve, not more unlike all hiu predecessors than all Ilia followers, ovon those who had the direct benefit of his peraonal teaching. It is of no use to say that Christ as exhibited in tho Gospels io not Iiig torical, and that, we know not how much of what io admirablo has beon suporadded by tho tradition of hio followers. Tho tradition of followers suffices to insert any number of marvels, and may have inserted all tho miracles which he is reported to have wrought. But v/ho among hio disciples or among their prooe lyfces v/as capable of inventing the saying3 LLUutlUtjU. tu ULtjua, ul luiu^iuid^ biiu ino i&uu; character revealed in the Gospels ? Certainly not tho fishermen of Q-aliloe ; as certainly not St. Paul, whoao character and idiosyncrasies wore of a totally different sort ; still leas the early Ohriotian writers, in whom nothing is more evident than that tho good which wao in them wao all derived, go thoy always professed that it wao derived, from the highor source. About tho life and aayingo of Joouo there io a otamp of personal originality oombinod v/ith pro fundity of inaight, which if we abandon tho idle oxpootntion of finding scientific prooioiou where □omothing very different htio beon aimed at, must plaeo the Prophet of DTuzaroth, even in the esti mation of thooo who havo no boliof in his inspira tion, in the very first rank of tho men of sublime gonius of whom our opocieo can boast. Whon this pre-eminent gonius is combined with the quElitioa of probably tho greatest moral re former and martyr to that mission v/ho over ex isted upon earth, religion cannot bo aaid to havo marie a bud choice in pitching on this man as tho ideal representative and guide of humanity ; nor, even now, would it be easy, even for an unbeliever, to find a hotter tranolatijn of the rulo of virtue deavour oo to live, that Christ would approvo our life. Whon to thio wo add that, to tho con coption of tho rational sceptic, it remains a possi bility that Christ actually v/ao what ho supposed himoelf to bo — not G-od, for ho novor made tho smallest pretension to that character, and would probably havo thought ouch a pretension aa blas phemous as it soomed to the man v/ho condomnod him ; but a man charged with a special, express, and uniquo commission from G-od to load mankind to truth and virtue ; v/o may v/oll conoludo that tho influoncoo of roligion on fcho character which will remain after rational criticism hao douo its utmost against the evidences of religion are woll worth preserving, and that what they lack in direct strength ;as comparod with those o£ a firmer belief, is more than compensated by the greater truth and rectitude of tho morality they sanction.' It would be soon that thio writer placed Christ on tho highest pinnnclo of human oxcollonco, but that v/ao not enough, and ho would provo that Christ wan something moro than a groat teacher, that ho wao tho son of God. and fcho Bcdeomor of tho world. Our Lord foundod Hio claim on tho declaration of Hio Divinity—' I am tho light of tho world, he that followoth me walkoth not in darkness but chall havo eternal light .... You are from beneath, I am from above. You are of thio world, I am not; of thio world.' Jesus in His preaching did not cpoak ao a moro man or as ono of tho prophoto, nor did Ho attempt to prove tho truth of Hit; divine teaching ; but He spoke as one from Henvon declaring thooo truths as if He WlUO 1(110 lUUUliUU UUUl hiiiuu imu^ uuu. uunou, He did not proachthe doctrine of another, but one entirely different from that taught by the Jows ; He did not dovote Himself to tho regeneration of one raco. but embraced with a large love the human family. He wao fcho Light of the World. The prophoto of old uoed to exclaim, ' Thus saith tho Lord,' but He said, 'Amen, Amon,fll say unto you.' The immensity of Hio power sur passed that of all men who had made their nameo famous. Hannibal, Csssar, Hapoleon, were great men in their dayo, but thoiv influence diod with them, and thoir nomoc were now almost forgotten. DTofc oo with Our Divine Lord and Maator, who founded the Ohrintian religion, and which hao opvoad throughout tho world. Eighteen hundred years havo pacsed oince Ho founded Eio Ohuroh ; but oo far from being cast out of Hib kingdom, He rules with greater power than ever. Millions of people hevo their hearts filled with lovo of Him, and all bond the knee i TT' _ 1 ? 1 . ? . m, . « ^i-» ™ nni-i n A nnii V^^n^^/^Y^ t-Yl«T'% road a number of quotationo from various authors, describing the characte_r_of the Saviour, the purity and gentleness of Hie life, and the strength and power of Hig teaching. _No man, however great or good, could proclaim himself to be the 'J Light of tho World.' Shakeopeare, ITewton, Homer, Napoleon, and Cc3oar wero all great men, but if any one of them had aaid ho was tho ' Light of the World ' he would have been laughed to scorn. ' Amen, amen, I Day to you, if any man keep - my word he shall not see death for over.' Thus spoke the Saviour, and addressing E[i3 apostles He said, ' Amen, I aay to you whatsoever you shall bind upon earth shall be bound also in heaven, and whatsoever you shall loose upon earth shall be looaed in heaven,' and again, ' All power is given to mo in heaven and on earth, go ye there fore and teach all nations, baptizing fchom in tho name of the Father and of tho Son and of the Holy G-host. . . . and bohold I am with you all days, even to the consummation of the world.' Thio was the great moral teacher of whom Mr. Mill opoako, and iS Ho spoke in this way He rauot have been Divine or He wao an impostor. If wo behoved in His great moral teachings we muot believe in His Divine words— worda whiob, show that His mind v/ao filled v/ibh the know- ' ledge of His Divine power. The Saviour gave a, miraculous oign of Hio power in tho destruction of the temple of Jerusalem, which wao foretold by Christ. ' There shall not bo left here a stone upon a otono that shall not bo thrown down.' „ The Temple wao destroyed, and G-ibbon, jthe hiotorian, telic of the unsuccesfjtil attempts to rebuild it. In conclusion the Arcubishop said he thought he hed oaid sufficient that evening to break the ice — sufficient to show any reasonable person that there was a Q.'eat deal to be said in support of tho claims of Our Lord to Divinity. In hio leotures ho proposed to deal with some of tho parables and miracleo of Our Lord, on tho former o£ which are founded Hio claims as a teacher, and on the latter bio claims to Divino origin and powors. The miracles and parables takon together provo that Our Saviour could not have boon a mere man. Thoy play ouch an important part in tlw life oil the Redoemor that to deny that they were genu ine would be to deny the oxiotence of Christ. Ho would take only tho principal miracles, for if all that Jeouo did were 'written ' the world itself would not bo able to contain tho books that could bo writton.' On the following Sunday evening hio leoturo would be on the parable of the sower, and the miracle of the healing of the leper. Tho parables and miracles of our Lord are tho roots o£ that great tree which hao opread its branches throughout the world, and upon them io based the claim of Christ and Hio Church to Divinity. 