ADDRESS TO THE SKULLS OF THfi FLAT. HEAD INDIANS IN THE POBT ADELAIDE MUSEUM. So ve are from Americas' greatiprairiea, A sightless pair, although you are a eight. ^ S But that your sex is either John's or Mary s To me is "puzzling and bewildering quite, Perhaps you were a pair of doting lovers, Like Romeo and Juliet in the sacred play, Or horrid scalpers, warriors, and rovers Seeking like tigers for your human prey, Or were yo squaw'? beloved tillgreens and yellow Instead of red macle up jour weird complexions, And your inconstant braves (like other fellows) Dissolved their earliest and|their best connections. Doubtless these mouths (now criticised by gabies Sent forth a lullaby from wigwams pokey, Telling that yc had trouble with your babies, In habitations inconvenient—smoky !• Just as vou wished to finish a moccasin, The boards pressed heavily the little forehead, And ligatures that did confine and fasten Caused you, no doubt, to think a little more head Would be better and a kinder fashion. And in the babies save much pain and howling, And in the mothers much of whacking passion, And in the fathers much of heavy scowling. But here I may be wrong, and this is vexing : Your ghosts mayhap from happy hunting grounds Say " Fool! know this—you're mentally uuscxiug The bravest warriors out of prairie bounds! Then I'll take back that yc were squaws; but 6quallejs I'll swear ye were, for such abnormous flatheads Compression made, and the compression bawlers That would be stentors to our modern fatheads Well. I'll assume that you were hunters, trailers, What do you think, of us and our costumes ! Do you admire the work of hatters—tailors, Or fancy most your girdle, scalps, and plumes 1 Which is the best moccasin or the gaiter High-heeled and narrow/—which will best bear pressing. " Heads that are soft, or feet that soon or later Require the patent corn and bunion dressing ? If yc were of the sex I love, and doat on, Instead of that which when its a, la mode With us wears gravely what we call a coat on The back that bows to fashion's costly load, I'd ask you what you thought of stays and lacing Aud whether we arc not ahead of you In arts which reason tells us are defacing What nature gives us perfect when it's new. Though I admit ye sex of bows and arrows, And Indians peculiar in your way, Think ye a waist that to an apex narrows, Is either beautiful or healthy ?—Say ! Tour heads have known the evils of compression But in the chase, with bows and arrows quivers, Had vou succeeded [give me some impression] By jambing up your hearts aud lungs and livers I I thought I'd ask you sundry questions—funny To you? at least, because I overheard A lady'and a gentleman (by money) \- Say, " there's the Flatheads ; aint they flat .— my word " What infcrdcls to squash the head and force it, Just then the gent howled, "bust these boots and bunions!" The ladv fainted in a patent corset Whilst the Museum smelt of beer and oimns! Port Adelaide, Oct., 18S2. 