ipttratax. THE MARTYRDOM OF MADELINE, A NEW NOVEL. . By Boeebt BucnAif an'. Author of ' A Cnn.D of Nature ; or, T us Tarsi ok AiuuiXMOiui;' 'Shadow ok ths swoao, &c;, &c.; Chaptes XXIV,— Madeline Changes Hee Home. A few months later the following an nouncement appeared amongst the 'Births, Deaths, and Marriages,' on the first page of the Times:— 'On tbe 23rd, at Christ Church, Hampstead, James Forster, of Hamixien House, Cromwell-road, South Kensington, to Madeline, only (laughter of tbe late Fred. Hazlemere, Esq., of tbe Inner Temple.' Only a few of those who read this an nouncement were aware that the lady in question was the young actress known uader another name to the audiences of the Theatre BoyaL Parthenon. * *? « * * * * It was a very quiet marriage. After the ceremony the newly-married couple drove to the cemetery, in the immediate neighbor hood, and Madeline placed a fresh garland on White's grave ; then with a heavy heart she returned to a quiet wedding breakfast, to which only a very few intimate friends were invited, and in the afternoon departed with her husband to Switzerland. Long before that wedding-day Madeline had discovered, by secret inquisition of her own heart, that the tender respect she felt for James Forster was scheme-love— not such love, at least, as blends the lives of man and woman in perfect sympathy and joy ; and she would have given the world, therefore, if he had been content to remain what he had been — her friend, her brother, her benefactor. But seeing clearly that his happiness de pended on the formation of a closer relation ship, she by slow degrees was reconciled to the possibility. What weighed with her more than any other consideration was the thought of poor White's last injunction. He had wished this union— had, indeed, enjoined it upon her, so that to shrink from fulfilling bis fond request seemed selfish and ungrate ful, and the more so as she remembered so ?vividly the noble and unselfish devotion of For3ter during all the List years of poor White's earthly struggle. So she consented, not without many secret tears and forebodings, for the shadow of her first cruel experience was still upon her, and she could, not yet stifle the adhering sense of shame. Before finally yielding her hand, however, she questioned Forster again, and more ei plicitlv, concerning his secret interview with White* just before the latter's death. ' You wish me to be your wife,' she said, ' but are you sure that you know what you are asking? I feel quite an old woman, and am not good enough to be your wife. Some times, even now, the old restless fit is on me, the old wicked wilf ulness. I shall never bring happiness to any one, I am sure.' ' You are unjust to yourself. Dear Made line, trust me. I Y.ill try try to deserve your trust.' 'Do you know that there are some things, some thoughts and acts which seem to pollute the verv air we breathe; to make the bright world hatef ul ; to chill the very heart within US like the touch of death ? I feel like a girl who has been shrouded for the grave, and who still exists, but who will never have the wholesome, happy life of good people. Do not ask me to marry. Choose some innocent girl and give your love to her.' 'We cannot love as we will,' said Forster, earnestly, 'but as God wills ; and I have given my love to you. Dearest, it is just because you have been unhappy that I yearn to bring you happiness; just because you have been wronged that I long to make amends. You must leave these sorrowful thoughts behind you ; you must rise from the tomb of your dead grief, and live anew.' ' I cannot ; it is too late.' ' Yet you are so young, so beautiful ; and I love you so much.' ' I do not deserve such love.' 'You Reserve far more than I can bring you.' ? ' Did Mr. White tell you what I had been ? Do not turn away, but look me in the face — you see I am no j afraid. What did he say to you? Tell me everything.' ' He told me that you had been deceived by a villain, who afterwards abandoned you. Dearest, be did you full justice— he knew that you were innocent, an angel deluded by a deviL' ' I was not innocent,' returned Madeline, sadly. ' I was to blame, and ah! I was so ungrateful. If I had been innocent, do you think I should ever have placed myself in that man's powerS' ' You were very young, and it is an evil world. Do not speak of it again ! Bury the past and become my honored wife.' ' You say that now, but some day, yeara hence, perhaps, the past would rise like a ghost, and your life would be darkened by regret and shame.' ' Never by shame ! never.' ' I am not fit to make connections, I am not fit to have friends ; it is better for such women as I to be alone in the world, and then if shame comes, it falls only upon the one who has the most right to suffer. It is this thought reconciles me to the death of my dear guardian. $1 am alone in the world now andean bring harm to no one.' To a man like Forster it was terrible to hear hertalk so. He was willing to forget the past, and he saw no dark cloud looming in the future. He had set Ms heart on making Madeline his wife, and he would never rest until his object had been attained. ' She hesitates to take thepluDge,' he said to himself, 'but once she has taken it all will be* well.' So he pleaded and pleaded, until at length Madeline was brought to consent. It was a short honeymoon, but to Madeline at least it was a tolerably happy one. She had refused to take a maid with her, and he had consented to dispense with the services of a valet, so they spent their days in happy un concern, roaming about among the Swiss mountains, travelling from one picturesque village to another, and living in little quaint rustic inns, whose primitive accommodation would have made Miss Forster turn cold with dismay. It was just the kind of life which Madeline loved. After all the unnatural atmosphere of town smoke and footlights had not left much taint upon her ; she felt again like the little girl, who, with tangled hair and disordered dress, had raced like a young untrained colt about the marshes of Grayfleet. But the pleasures of the honeymoon were not destined to continue. Forster, though a rich man, could never be spared long from the ©nice— so at the end of a month he told bis young wife that the two must turn their faces towards home. ' That's the penalty of marry ing a city man,' he said. 'Things always seem to go wrong when I'm away ; and though I grumble about the office a good deal, I think, after all, I like it.' ' I'm sure you do.' 'I shall have to leave you a good deal alone, my darling.' 'Never mind that. While you are away I'll be thinking what I can do to make you comfortable when you come home again.' 'You'll do no such thing, my dear. Ill not nave my Madeline made a drudge. You'll enjoy yourself as you do now, and my sister is quite willing to look after things a bit. She's used to it, and doesn't mind,' 'Miss Forster?' ' Yes, Margaret.' ' Is she going to live with us T ' Well, yes, I suppose so. You see she has lived with me for years, and it never occurred to me that you would wish her to go. She will be very useful to you, Madeline, besides she'll be company for you while 1 am away. To this Madeline said nothing. She felt she had co right to object to this arrange ment, but she was sorry it had been made. However, she resolved for her husband's sake to make the best of it, and to look upon Miss Forster henceforth as an affectionate sister and friend. One afternoon, about a month after the wedding day, a carriage and pair drove up to the doer of Mr. Forster's town house, the large handsomely furnished mansion in South Kensington, and Mr. Forster alighting handed out his bride. 'Welcome home, my darling,' he said, giving her hand a little squeeze. Madeline's heart bounded at the pressure, and with flushed cheek and sparkling eyes she run up the steps to the open door. On the threshold stood Miss Forster, with a distant smile and a cordial ' How do you do.' She held forth both her hands, but the lady's stately figure became more stately as she coldly placed her fingers in one of the palms, and graciously led the way into the house. Somewhat chilled at so cold a greeting, Made line followed her through a handsomely fur nished hall into a more handsomely furnished room. Madeline sat down, and Miss Forster paused before her. ' If you will be so good as to give me your keys,' she said politely, 'your maid shall unpack your things. James asked me to en gage cne for you, and I hope she will give satisfaction.' With a ncd and a smile Madeline handed over the keys, and Miss Forster retired. With a sigh Madeline leaned back in her chair a£d looked eround her. ^he was in ike . dra^pg-rowm«f ^Hampden House, a spacious costly style. Madeline's eyes carelessly scan ning the costly pictures which covered the I vails, became suddenly fixed upon one. She | leapt up from her seat, ran over to it, stood for a moment regarding it with tear-dimmed eyes. Then, raising herself on tiptoe, pressed upon it her warm, ripe, trembling lips. . It was a pretty little landscape, looking insig nificant enough in such a setting, but trebly dear to Madeline, for it was almost tbe hist pic ture which poor White had painted. Saddened a little at the memory it brought her,, Made b'nc stood looking at the picture in a dream ; she felt the tear3 rolljslowly down her cheeks, tbe sobs contract her throat— she was growing almost hysterical, when a voice recalled her to herself again. 'Mrs. Forster, stall I show you to your rooms ?' She started, turned, and found herself face to .!ace with her husband's sister. Unable to bide her tears, so she said, turning faintly — 'Thank you, I think I should like to be alone. I feel rather tired and depressed to-day.' Miss Forster said nothing, bat quietly led the way out of the room. ? Two of the best rooms ia the house hai been fitted up for Madeline'3 special use, and as she walked into them Madeline felt for the first tune that day that she had really come home. Here, as elsewhere, there were splendid upholstery, splendid pictures, taste fully-designed ceilings, and dim rose-colored curtains to moderate the light ; but besides all this Madeline saw some of the crude but well-loved pictures which brought to her the fond memory of home ; there ?was a little bookcase containing his favorite volumes, and above all there were his favorite plays. She saw all this, but she saw more. Passing on through the sitting-room she looked into the dressing-room adjoining it. She found her _ dresses laid out, and a smart maid kneeling before a box which was only half unpacked. The girl rose, and asked which dress her mis tress would wear for dinner, but Madeline said — 'I don't know : any one ; will you leave me alone, please ; and when I want you I will ring.' The maid retired, and Madeline left to her self returned to the sitting-room. She took off her bonnet and cloak, and sat down in an easy chair close to a gipsy table on which stood a silver tray and some tea. Madeline poured out a cup, and while sipping it looked with gratified eyes around her. ' I ought to be happy,' she said. ' So I am, so 1 will be. He is so good and kind. I trust to heaven he will never be made to re pent. If his sister knew— if the world knew— but why should they? — I cannot undo the past, but I can guide the future. Yes, I will bury the past as he said, and for the future all shall be welL' A light tap unon the door. Ma.leline started up, but before she could speak the dooropened and a tiny figure came in. AIittle-right-eyed . boy, who ran forward with out-stretched hands, and sprang with a joyful cry into Madeline's lap. She clasped him fondly in her arms and kissed him passionately. ' My darling, have you come to bid me welcome home*::' ' Yes, mamma.' ' Who sent you ?' ' Papa. Kiss me again, please. Papa says if I am good you are sure to love me.' He held up his rosy lips and Madeline kissed them again andagain ; then shecaught him up in her arms and carried him to her dressing-room. She turned over the things in her unpacked boxes and produced some toys— these she gave to the child, tossing him fondly the while. ' Do you know why I brought these, dear ?' ' No, mamma, unless because, as papa says, you are so good.' ' No,' she said, quietly, ' its because Hove you, and I wont you to love me !' Late that night, Madeline, attired in dress ing-gown and slippers, came quietly down from her room and entered the library. Her husband still sat there; he was smoking a cigar and looking through the batch of letters which had accumulated during his absence. ' Why, Madeline, can't you sleep?' he asked, as bis wife came forward. ' No, dear, not till I have thanked you for all your goodness to me. Tell me, how can I repay you?' ' By being happy in your home !' Good advice, and for a tune, at least, Madeline followed it. She was happy. Her husband was a good deal from home, but she had always his boy to comfort her, and upon the child she lavished all the affection of her impulsive heart. There was one thing only in the house which chilled and repelled her ; it was the presence of her husband's sister. Madeline had not been long in the house before she found that the cold eyes of Margaret Forster watched her continually in suspicious distrust, as if trying in vain to penetrate the mystery which shrouded the young girl's life. But even this Madeline soon forgot. Why should she fear Miss Forster? The past was buried; and as yet she had no idea that the future had its hidden mystery to disclose. Chaptee XXV.— The PrriL of the Impeccable. Witbin the charmed circle to which he was ntroduccd by Ponto, Gavrolles was popular n the extreme. He possessed, all the en thusiasm of the {esthetics, combined with an impudence and a knowledge of the world — especially of the gay world of Paris— which were exquisitely charming. He knew all the wits and poets of the Empire, and his ac quaintance with scabreux literature was pro found ; yet he had sat at the feet of Victor Hugo, and was a Republican by profession. His own verses bad been praised by the im peccable Gautier. He could talk glibly of art for art's sake, of the heresy of instruction, of Villon and Bohemia, and of the Renais- sance. He wore his hair long, had a willowy droop of the shoulders, and adored the culte of the lily. He had a shrill style, a shrill voice, a shrill disposition, inspired young ladies found him charming, feeble young gentlemen paid him the homage of imitation. On his return to London Gavrolles took rooms in one of the bye- streets near Portland place. They were rather high up, but he had them furnished in the best æsthetis style, with a few risky pictures and a small collec tion of books. 'Come and see me,' he would say : ' I am only a poor artiste, but I have my books, and in these I live.' On the whole they were not nice books — a Philistine might have even called them nasty; but many of them bore the autographs of the writers, and were priceless accordingly. About this time the name of Gavrolles began to be a good deal talked about, as that of a young Frenchman with Communist views, who had written some delightfully wicked volumes of verse. The Megatherium, inspired by Ponto, had a good deal to say about him, classing him in the great bagnio of Art somewhere by the side of Gautier and Baudelaire ; and taking occasion at the same time to express its horror of realists like Zola, who called a spade a spade, and reduced the fair features of vice to caput mortuum. One night, Crieff, who knew everybody, took Sutherland to the lodging of Gavrolles, and introduced him. Quite a little sympo sium was there, including Ponto the fatuous; Cassius Gainsberry, a lean and limp critic by profession ; Blanco Serena, and several other painters ; young Botticelli Jones, and one or two more callow poets, not to speak of Wallace MacKeill, the editor of the Megatherium, a mentally dumb man, strong in the splendid vacuity of unintelligence natural and ac quired. Sutherland sat very silent. After the first quick look at Gavrolles, and a second shock of recognition, he remained quiescent, but quietly observant. The talk was of ' Lily and Rue,' an anony mous poem which had just appeared, and which Ponto has just criticised with admira tion. ' I wonder who is the writer,' said Botti celli Jones. ' There are passages in it which are worthy of Byron.' 'Byron was a Philistine,' cried Ponto; 'the could never have written a piece of this kind. Look at the technique of his verse. It would disgrace a schoolboy. No, this is a cameo cut by an artist.' ' Shall I confess it?' observed Gavrolles, Entiling languidly. 'l am of Henry Taine's opinion, and prefer your Byron to our Alfred de Musset.' Here Crieff, who was puffing carelessly at a briar-root pipe, threw himself back in his chair and laughed loudly. ' I say ! Is it possible you don't know?' ' What !' cried several voices. ' That MacAlpine ? ' A shudder ran through the assemblage at the mention of the hated name. 'That MacAlpine has acknowledged the authorship of that poem.' ' What poem V demanded Ponto, trembling and turning pale. 'Why, of 'Lily and Rue. Go and buy the third edition— you'll find his name on the title-page.' A terrible silence followed. The men looked in horror at one another. One man rose, livid and ghastly, put bis hand to his head, and left without a word. It was the editor of the Megatherium. 'Poor MaeKeill!' cried Crieff, with an oiher_ laugh. 'This is the second trick of the kind MacAlpine has played him ; this is the second time that he has devoted columns of praise to an author whom he would gladly . see handed over, like the old heretics, to the secular arm. It only shows what humbug ciilic-ism is !' 'Excuse me,' said Gainsberry, hysteri cally, ' criticism is not humbug. It would be easy to show, on a profounder examination of this disagreeable work, that it is the work of a Philistine. The over-accentuation of the sensuous passages (which, by the way, are not sensuous but purient and ponderous), the want of finish in the trochaic couplets, the crudeness of the p^ttoterminology/' ~r : - . ^'WouldaJl liave'.been evident' vaiyugh? in-f«qnlfa ^*3rj&ff; .flrarlv. 'if M^Ainm^a thai, i von superhuman sight like yours could not detect tti«n.' And he laughed again, but no one joined in the laugh except Blanco Serena, who was not a little amused. There was a general feeling of discomfort, to relieve which Gavrciles -went to bis bookcase, aad took down several new importations from France. Passed from band to baud, these works were freely and generally discussed ; but when t bey reached Crieff that rude parson a^aiu sJio'cLed the sensibilities of his companions. 'The literature of the Lo'lipop,'' he said with a grin. 'Somehow I never touch any of it without feeling nasty, ' sticky' all over as it weie.' 'To the mind of a Philistine,' observed the lesn critic Gainsberry severely, 'such things do not appeal. I regret to see that a certain person, who shall be nameless, is -5rifliEg more and more into moral Philistinism. Well, be will at least be able to say, * Et ego in Arcadia fui' when it is too late to return.' Crielf laughed good-humoredly. ' I daresay it is niy early training,' he said, and the fact that I was taught to respect sll woman in the person of my mother. Bat here is my friend Sutherland, who is a Philis tine of Philistines, for he actually believes (with St. Benedict) that the law of purity i3 binding upon both sexes alike, and in his be nighted eyes your Gautier, your Baudelaire, and hoc gcmis'omne, arc simply dirty deseen dents of Sir Pandarus of Troy.' ' I sincerely hope you are libelling your friend,' observed tne critic, glancing at Sutherland. ' Personal purity, as you call it, is simply a reminiscence of asceticism, and one of the many_ fallacies we owe to the mediaeval perversions of Christianity.' 'Bosh,' returned Crieff, bluntly. Sutherland, who thoughout the conversation had scarcely taken his eyes off Gavrolles, now spoke. ' I am neither an ascetic nor a Puritan, but I must frankly confess that the literature you are discussing excites my strongest abhorrence. Whatever is unfit for a pure woman to read is unfit to be read by a pure mac. Would you give these books to your wives and sisters, that is the question?' ' Certainly,' cried Ponto, from the other side of the room. 'Provided their testketic education had been complete, they would find nothing but pleasure from the perusal. Why in Heaven's name should woman remain for ever the slave of Virtue? I would make her the arch- priestess of the Beautiful, minister ing to mortals in all the passionate nudity of art.' 'And you, monsieur?' said Sutherland, turning suddenly to Gavrolles. 'What is your opinion?' 'Oh! I am an artiste!' answered the Frenchman, with a shrug of tbe shoulders and an upleasant smile. 'I too would make woman the priestess of Beauty. Ah, yes, with the greatest of possible pleasure !' ps The words were of little meaning, but the tone was significant, and a titter went round the room. Sutherland's face darkened. 'I presume that your experience of the sex is large ?' he asked in a low voice. ' Gentlemen of tout nation are generally for tunate——' ' I am no exception to the rule,' answered Gavrolles. 'My whole life has been une iGnne forlxme ! But look you, as I say, I am an artist — in affairs of gallantry, a3 in all others. I do not suffer these things to cloud the equanimity of my artist's soul. When I have plucked a rose— observe ! I smell it ; I wear it a little while ; then I tat e it from my button- hole and throw it away. You under stand?' ' I think so,' said Sutherland, rising to his feet. ' Pray, does it ever occur to you what becomes of the rose afterwards? If it is trampled under foot, who is responsible?' 'Pardon me, that is the rose's affair, not mine. Au reste, roses must bloom and fade ; Art, Art— for which I live— is imperishable and divine !' It was hard to say whether he was jesting or in earnest, for bis manner was peculiar, a combination ot mock-enthusiasm and flippant audacity. But despite his appearance of sang froid, something in the face and manner of Sutherland thrilled him, and reminded him of an unpleasant meeting many years before. He bowed profoundly as Sutherland pre pared to go, and held out Ins hand — which the other did not seem to notice. 'Au revoir!' he said, gaily; 'and au revoir, Monsieur Crieff. My friend Ponto vwill convert you presently ; ah, yes.' In another minute Crieff and Sutherland were in the street. The latter was very pale, and trembled violently. ' My dear Sutherland, what is the matter?' ' Nothing ; only that man's face and his talk have upset me. I could have strangled him !' 'What an excitable fellow you are!' said Crieff, taking his arm. ' Upon my life you take these things far too seriously. The other day you were seriously angry with Lagardere, and here you are actually distressing yourself over the prattle of a child like Gavrolles/' 'You do not understand, Iknowtheman, and have reason to remember him.' 'That alters the case. Where did you meet ?'' 'In France— some years ago.' Crieff listened for further explanations, but none came. Pressed to say more Suther land shook his head and relapsed into silence ; so the little journalist proceeded to give his muscular friend a lesson in social philo sophy. ' You are too thoroughly in earnest, and in company your earnestness makes other people uncomfortable. Life would be impossible if every bit of idle chit-chat or ad mplandum argument were taken au serieux. Looked at in the proper light, Gavrolles is charming — a droll creature with a touch of genius. To you he is merely a dissolute young man, who reads improper books.' 'To me,' returned Sutherland, fiercely, ' he Is a thorough scoundrel, whom I should like to choke.' Criefi soon perceived that remonstrance was useless, and mentally determining not to in troduce his companion to any more choice spirits, changed the subject. The pair soon parted, Crieff to stroll down to' the gallery of the House of Commons, Sutherland to pace the solitary streets, full of the troubled recollections awakened by that chance en counter. Later on that evening Gavrolles sat alone in his lodgings. He now recollected Suther land perfectly, and roundly cursed the un lucky chance which had occasioned a second meeting. On reflection, however, he felt con fident that the Englishman could do him no serious damage in the eyes of his new acquaintances, even if he attempted to do so, which was doubtful. When the clock struck eight he lit a cigar and strolled out into the streets. As he walked along his attention was attracted by a theatre bill in one of the shop windows. One of the names struck him immediately as that of the young actress whose portrait he had seen in the studio of Blanco Serena. He -looked at the name of the theatre— it was the Theatre Royal, Parthenon. He strolled away in the direction of that building. On arriving at the theatre, however, he found the doors closed, and discovered that the theatrical season had ended on the pre vious Saturday. Strolling carelessly along he entered one of the smaller theatres in the Strand, a house devoted to opera bouffe. He paid his money, and got a seat in the back row of the pit. There, perspiring and half-suffocated, he wa3 listening to the hideous din and watching the insane performance -apon the stage when hi3 attention was attracted by a movement in a box above him, and glancing up he beheld a face he knew. The face of a woman, young and very beau tiful, though atrifle pale and sad. She was plainly clad in black satin with an opera cloak of snowy white, with fringe of down encircling her white neck. No ornaments in her hair, no jewels on her person, and surely she needed neither, for her simple pathetic beauty was better unadorned. With her was a gentleman, not young, but with the fresh face and manners of a boy. He looked very happy and proud, and gazed less at the stage than at his companion, as indeed was natural. These two were our heroine and her hus band, James Fortter. A child might have gathered from the man's lcoks of pleasure and admiration that Forster loved the beautiful creature by his side. His eyes scarcely left her, he was eager te respond to her slightest look or word. When she talked he lnuig upon her speech, and when .she was silent he waited for her to speak again. Gavrollcs comprehended ths situation directly — almost as rapidly as he recognised Madeline. For the rest of the evening he occupied himself in looking up, with a keen sr.d cat-like gaze. Howbeautif ul she seemed ! How much fairer and riper than when he tad seen her last, inhcrwild«jirUsh»7aMcAerie/ Pardieu, she was a child then ; but now .' As he gazed, his thoughts went back to the dajs when he hnd seen her first, a giddy schoolgirl, a very wiilo'-thc-wisp among the deccrcus young French damsels of the ladies' sc-minaiy. He remembered her wild ways, her odd sayings in school girls' French, her pretty fits of petulance, her innocent en tangle ment with him, the ever - seductive Gavrolles Belleisle, as he then called himself. He thought of the mad elopement, and of the strange days that followed, when the flutter ing bird was in his power. *' After all,' he reflected, ' I was a fool to let her go.1' And the man with her, who seemed so greatly to adore her, who was he? Surely her lover; perhaps her husband— but no, that was scarcely possible ? A rich man certainly ; yes, with all the style and manner of a rich man. She too, with , her popular; .fame, her great ^ti£*ic^positiO'n;^asino -longer ;p'bdr. Per haps, after aU^ it ^^for^ho*e^ that he had 3^.Iinj-.i-n.j5iiili-ftJ/-rfMniBAaa.1w»ii-fcina*n3iPi'; and what was lost could be easily regained: Gavrolles smiled. Once, when the audience was buoy applauding the actors, his exhilara tion was so great that he impulsively kissed his band in the direction of the box. The action was unnoticed, of course, but it seemed tcmchow to place him en rapport with hia old love. ' Courage, Gavrolles,' lie said to himself. ? Yqu are Fortune's favorite, after alL Just Mben you were in. despair, just when your purse was empty and your great soul in despair, the cards befriend you, and a good angel appears in the distance. Madeline, jr.cra ange, I greet you ! You will be my guardian spirit after alL' When the opera was over, Gavrolles stood jn a coraor of the box lobby and watched Madeline go past on Forster's arm. He kent liis face well averted, for he did not wish to bejecognised— just yet. Then following thi pair to tbe theatre door he saw a brougham draw up, spiiilcd upon the pair as they entered it, and gaily lit a cigar as they drove away. Chapter XXVI.— Adels Lambert. ^ Cigar in mouth, Gavrolles strolled leisurely along the streets in tbe direction of Regent Circus. Arrived in Waterloo-place he found the pavement thronged with painted faces Which only smile by night, beneath the gas. and saw what, to a man with any pity in his £oul,_is the saddest sight beneath the sun. Bright jets of gas were flaming over the Criterion Restaurant;, the night houses on every side were opening then? foul jaws, and from the darkness of every street and lane ?were fluttering forth the moths of the night. Painted and bedizened creatures, fluttering gladly in the gaslight ; sonic faint and feeble, as it' already scorched with the destroying flame ; others splendidly merry, with the new flush of the infernal brightness upon them ; many beautiful beyond measure, with faces as pure and sweet as those of little children tbat know not sin. With the smile and swagger of one who knew his company, Gavrolles made his way from group to group, accosted from time to time by some passing figure, and more than once plucked softly by the sleeve. Once, a3 he paused under a lamplight, a slight form, clad in tbe thinnest of silk, paused before him, and a baby face leered hideously up into his : but he pushed the shape softly aside, and swaggered on. To him, as to so many of his class, the sight was quite proper and pleasant; his fine nerves were not shocked, his noble soul Mras not suddenly stirred; indeed, such a man might walk confidently by the side of the very flames of bell, and be conscious of nothing but the picturesque lights and shadows of the dreaded place. Yes ; for as Swedenborg has sublimely guessed, hell is heaven to the devilish nature, and. the penalty of the morally damned is not to know that it is hclL Not far away, that very night, walked another man, one of the nobler fibre, with the shuddering sense of infinite pity and despair. He, too. was familiar with the sight of moral leprosy and spiritual disease, and as he gazed on those painted things, all and each of whom infected with the goitre of incurable infamy, he felt weary of the world. ' So long as this is possible,' thought Arthur Sutherland, ' how can the dead Christ rise.' Crossing the street at the quadrant, Suther land saw, standing in the lamplight of the corner, two figures, one^an elderly woman with a face swollen and deformed by drink, the other a wild-looking girl, poorly clad, and coughing violently as if in sharp physical pain. As he was passing he heard them speak to each other in French; he paused and listened. ' Your a fool, Adele,' said the elder woman. ' Ccme and have sonic brandy — you will ba all right then.' The girl laughed hoarsely and uttered a ccarse oath, then the cough seized her again with a paroxysm so violent that her whole frame shook like a leaf. ' Devil take the cough,' she said. ' I shall have to go into the hospital after alL' She spoke indistinctly, with a curious nasal intonation, as if there were somedefectin the voice ; as was the case, for the roof of the mouth was gone. A few more words passed, and then the elder woman, impatient to reach the bar of some neighboring public-house, ran across the street. The young girl was feebly follow ing, when Sutherland stepped forward, lift ing his hat. 'Good evening, Mademoiselle,' he said, speaking in her own language. 'I am afraid you are ill.' Something In the tone startled her, and the gentle voice, the respectful gesture, acted like a charm. She replied courteously, with a polite inclination of the head — 'I am not very well, Monsieur; I have been ill for some time.' ' I am Very sorry. If you will take my advice you will go home— you are not fit to be in the streets.' She gazed at him strangely, and then said— 'Pardon, Monsieur, but you are not a Frenchman?' 'No.' ' I think I have seen your face before. You have been abroad, in Brussels?' As she spoke, something in her form and face seemed familiar ; with an exclamation he took her by the arm, and drew her close under the light oi the lamp. 'Is it possible V he cried. 'Adele Lam bert ? Do you remember me ?' That she did so was now clear, for with a hysterical cry she shrank from him and hid her face in her hands. Two years before, in Brussels, he hsd found this poor creature, then a pretty girl, in the power of infamous people who had decoyed her to rain ; with infinite trouble and great pecuniary expense be had released her, ahd restored her to her friends : and when he had last heard of her she seemed on the threshold of a new and purer life. And now, this was tbe sequel ! He shuddered in horror as he looked upon her spectral face. ' My poor girl !' he said gently. 'What brought you to England?' Then she told him, with many tears; for the sight of him and the remembrance- of his foinier charity touched the deep springs of sorrow in her poor outcast soul. She had indeed gone home, but not to stay. Soon after her return her mother had diedj and her father had taken another wife ; her life was not bappy, and the taint of her shame still clung to her ; and at last in despair she had drifted back to Brussels, finding all ways of life closed to her but one. *' And since then, Monsieur, I have suffered so much. I was never strong, and now I am — as' you see? A year ago they took me to the hospital in my own country — would to God I bad died there ; but I came out, and after that I went from bad to worse. Two months ago-I came with that woman to Eng land. I thought no one would know me here, and now — is it not strange? — I meet with you.' As she spoke another figure came saunter ing up in the full light of the lamp. It was Gavrolles, indifferent and happy, smoking his cigar. The moment the girl's eye3 fell upon him her manner changed ; and to Suther land's astonishment uttered a cry and rushed up to the new comer. ' Let me look at your face !:j she 'cried. 'Quick! It is he!' And she clung with strange fury to Gav rolles, who in vain attempted to shake her off.' . 'Let me go/' he said, in English. 'The ?woman is drunk. I will call the police.' With a fierce shriek, she raised her hand and struck at his face with her clenched fist. 'You devil! You devil !' she cried, in French. ' I have bpcn waiting so long to sec you, and now at last we meet. If I had a knife I would stab you. It is I — Adele !' ' I do not know you.' ' It is false. You are a liar and a deviL' And she struck him in the face with both hands.- Livid and trembling, Gavrolles threw her off. She fell back screaming, and would have fallen had not Sutherland caught her in his arms. While he held her she struggled madly, hysterical with an over-niasterinsf passicn. A crowd of outcast women and well-dressed men already surrounded them, and a polieemau, pushing his way into the circle, roughly demanded the cause of the disturbance. Gavrolles forced a laugh. ' It is nothing,' be said. ' ' Only a drunken womsn, as you sec.' The policeman approached tbe girl and touched her on the shoulder. ' Come new, just you move on, or I'll have to run you in,' he said ; and as she spoke rapidly in her own language, he shook his sagacious head and continued, 'We don't want none of your parleyvoo! Leave the gentleman alone, d'ye hear, and move on.' 'Thewcmanis not drunk,' said. Suther land. 'She is ill, and— look, she has fainted.'' Ovcriuastercd_ by her excitement, she had jrdced fallen into a sort of faint or fit. Sutherland supported her gentry, while the crowd, with cries and murmurs, pressed closely round them. In the commotion which ensued, Gavrolles slipt away, stepped into a banscm, and was driven away. 'Keep back— give her air VJ cried Suther land. ' Does any one know where she lives !' At this moment the woman whom he had first seen in her company stepped forward. ' Yes, Monsieur— v,-e lodge together. Look up, Adele! What ails you?' ' Help me to take her home,' said Suther land, in alow voice. The policeman called a cab, and Sutherland raised the girl in bis arms and placed her in it; then he stepped in himself, followed by the ether woman. They drove to a wretched lodging-house in Gcrrard-street, Soho— a dismal, fetid den, presided over by a hideous old French* oman, who at first refused to take her in. ' You'd better drive her to the hospital,' said this person, blocking the doorway. ' She ewe-s me two weeks' rent already, and I can't take care of her.' . The sight «f Sutherland's purse,., however, . TCorfee&w;*nders^: atd with .many ^protest?*. he carried to a room upstairs. The fainting fit bad by ibis time passed away, to be followed by an attack of hysterical weeping and coughing. Sutherland shuddered, for as she coughed and spat he saw on her lips a thin tinge of crimson blood. He had her well cared for that night, and the next day he called with a physician, and found her in bed, -wild and ghaatly, as if she had not got long to live. 'Ah, Monsieur, forgive -me.' she cried, with a sad smile, reaching- out her -.vasted, hand, I was mechairfe last night, but to see tbat man made me road. I chink I should have killed him had I been able. I was good and gentille when ne first knev,' ms, and tie coaxed me away from ray friends, and took me to that evil place where you found in?. But for him I might havebeejiaijood woman, you comprehend ?' 'Do not speak of it now. This gentleman is a doctor. I Lave brought him (o see you.' ' Ah, Monsieur, bow good you are !'' sobbed the girl, vrfth a look of ineffable gratitude ; and she raised his hand to her feverish lips and kissed it. Arthur' Sutherland was not tbo man to do any good deed by halves. Thanks to his generosity, Adele Lambert was removed to a better lodging and comfortably nursed ; the doctor s opinion being that the disease, though certainly mortal, would progress slowly, and that much might be done to alleviate her dis tressing condition. Not content with assist ing her with money, the young man visited her almost daily, and did his best to cheer her miserable lot ; talked to her cheerf ullv, read to her ; and without obtruding any moral or religious sentimesit, contrived to turn her be wildered and despairing thought* in the direction of some heavenly compassion. In the course of these kindly visits he learned the whole story of the unfortunate girl's connection with the French adventurer, whom he had again recognised. That story cannot be told here ; it would be too shocking for a society that hushes up revolting truths', and bases its moral security on the existence of an evil which philosophers contemplate with tranquility, and men of the world with pleasant cynicism. Not even in the pages of a fiction with a purpose can an English writer print the record of what ia at the best an accursed human sacrifice, a trade to which the slave trade was venial ; a social abomina tion which destroys the body and toa often obliterates the germinating soul. _ I know well how in discussing this ques tion philosophy and sentimentalism are at issue ; bow statistics has been twisted to show that actual seduction is rare, and rarest unon the man's side ; how the majority of the Io3t live happily, healthily, and long ; how their existence is a necessity of civilisation, the security of virtue, the protection of the house hold, the safeguard of the moralsof the state. Well, I say with Sutherland, God help our civilisation, if this be so ! So long as suck a canker exists, so long as tlua moral holocaust continues, there is no hope for any living woman, and the Kingdom of Heaven upon earth, which poets have dreamed of, is whole eternities away. (To he continued.) 