Tim Martin. By F. M. ' The Lord has mercy,' good Christians say, 'Ilis love outspreadeth from zone to pole.' That this may be, all true bushmen pray, In regard of Tim Martin's wandering soul. Up on the hills where the Murray springs, And the Snowy starts for tho southern sea, There were five of us camped by a roaring fire, Holding some sort of a jubilee. For a month's hard riding had done good work, And we thought of the fun next week in town, Long Sandy was dancing a Hielan fling, Jem soared themoreporks with ' Old John Brown.' And Tim was thinking,— well never mind, — There's a girl away on the Sydney side Whom the neighbours say will be going soon, For she smiles no more since Tim Martin died. Tim Martin died ! It was Sandy's fault, He owns to itr, too, and he curses deep ; ' But you know, lads,' he says, ' how the moon rase full. Ab Tim stretched down by the logs to sleep. And I hadna' a drink for a month or more And thought ot old Mac's on the Six-mile Creek, And sung out — 4 Tim, could ye do a dram ? ' When before another had time to speak — Tim up and hauled on his boots and hal, And coiled his gear up without a word, Then said as he girthed old Satan tight — ' We'll drink Mac dry, lads',— lads, you heard? ' Heard? Yes, we heard, but no man thought, All saddled quickly and started fair ; Old Satan bucked as Tim let him out, Tim drove the spurs in, what did he care ? And Satan lunged out like the brute he was, And tore down the zigzag mad and fast. Tim's head well up, and his shoulders Equare, Straight as a reed when we saw him last. ? Right round by the cliff side we 6a w him sweep. But as we came round Sandy thundered ' Oh !' For Satan stood riderless by the gorge, And stones were rumbling deep down below. 'l'was black as eternity down the gorge. In the shadowy gloom of the mighty hill , We sang out, ' Tim, aro you hurt, old man?' The stones ceased rumbling, and all was still. Long Sandy went plunging right down the bank ; We heard him parting the tangled trees, And found him soon in the river bed, Tim's head uplifted upon his kneees. A broad ray shot through the arching trees, Showed the blood stains dark on Tim's battered brow, And the good brown face we all kcc .v so well Seemed more white than the snow on Mount Forest now. 'Arrah, Tim,' said his brother, 'Smile, darling, 'Arrah', Tim, wake up till I hear ye spake,' ' He's dead,' said Sandy, ' We'll carry him up, And watch him there till the daylight break.' Next day we made to the Six-mile Creek And told old Mac of the awful smash. And buried Tim there on a little hill By the fire-scathed stump of a mountain aBh. It may be Tim is about it still, For he loved the forest in storm and calm ; His soul might rest with some wild ghost tribe, Though no ways fitted for harp or palm. I fancy him there, for the great trees move With an eerie rustle and voice-like tone, And the river sings in half vocal strain As if its spirit were not alone. Good luck to you, Tim ! Seul, sprite, or gho6t, Wherever your boundaries may let you roam, You'll meet us all when we cross the line, And show us the track to the wanderer'6 home. Maramung, January 28, 1878. 