A GEOLOGICAL SURVEY OF SOUTH AT7STRAT-T&. In a former article we refen-ed to some of the considerations rendering a geo logical survey of the colony d-nrable. In now pursuing the subjert we mav point out that all modern civilized Go vernments have recognised, more or . less, . ; the necessity of such surveys. Great Britain was the first to set an example in this direction. In 1832, De la Beche, Director of the English Ordnance Survey, offered to supply data to the Board of Ordnance for colouring geologically the maps of Devon, Cornwall, and Somerset. T:.u tr.odnt sum of £3- J was charged aga:nst the Board for this object in that year, De la Beche himself defraying the greater p^i t of the expense out of his private means. From this small beginning, fifty years ago, the Geological Survey of Great Britain gradually ex panded in the number of its agents and the thoroughness of its work, unfQlta field staff has come to embrace no less than 77, whilst its map? are models of complete ness arid clearness. These splendid resu^ta are largely to be attributed to the perse verance and enthusiastic labours of Sir Roderick ; Murchison, who was for many years Director-GenewV of this department. - ??Hefererice to lxia jour nals* as- given ^n~ h*v- 'Memoirs' Ijy, Geikie 'will show that heJ tried to' awaken interest ' in' this subject in other portionBfOf (the British Empire than the home- countiy. In India his appeals l hafe' borne excellent fruit, as an impoiiant geological survey of that great country has been pro gressing for a number of years. In some of the Australian colonies, unfortunately, the response to his call has. not been so successful. Tf surveys of this character are thought useful in old countries, they must be par ticularly so' in 'the case of newly established colonies, where much of the territoy and resources are absolutely unknown.: In some cases, especially where the hope of finding gold acts as a powerful stimulus, there may be a good deal of piivate 'prospecting,' but this can never take the place of a regular survey. For, in the first place, the work done by such volunteer agencies is of a very limited character. A search having but one object in view, the eye will be closed to such geological features as do not answer to the imme diate thing that is beng pursued. And, again, such casual researches are of very uncertain value ; the best indications may be overlooked by the untrained eye, or a fruitless expenditure of money on mis guided effoii may be brought about. Furthermore, the results .'of such private researches, however good, are to a large, extent lost to the world at large by not; being mapped *or preserved for futurej reference. It is highly desirable that a complete and trustworthy geological map of the colony should be prepared as' a' whole, and with as much detail as possible, inasmuch as great commercial advantages may be secured from even unexpected quarters. What is required to be known is — In what way can each square mile of land be best turned to account ? Will it pay best in surface cultivation? : Or,.are' the best returns to be obtained by working its mineral produce ? Of tile great variety of useful geological substances , that occur in South Australia, most attention has been given to the occurrence of metals, and in Bcveral instances with marked success. The copper mine3 of the colony have, it iB well kno^a, proved amongst the richest in tua world. Gold h veiy' widely distributed throughout the colony, and some few ventures in working the 'precious metal have done well for a time. These might have had a longer life, perhaps, and shown better returns if the works had been persevered in instead of being relinquished at the first disappoint ment. 'Just now the public interest in the gold workings of the colony has been greatly quickened by the promising retuus from one or two ffines, but so little is known about the mineralogical features of the counti/ that speculators and capitalists are working in the dark. Th:-j is no drawback to the former, but it is a grievous disadvantage to the genuine invr3tor. ? Besides copper and gold, silver, iron, , tin, bismuth, manganese, cobalt, -zinc, antimony, baiyta, mercuiy, nickel,' ochre,' plantinum, native sulphur, tellurium, &c.;, Hve been found here in varying quanti ties. Yet it cannot be said that the colony has been adequately searched for mineral ve;.TS and substpnees, although they have probably come in for the largest share of attention of all the various geological pro ducts. If in England rich veins of ore have escaped notice for yeavs. even when situated in populous neighbourhoods and surrounded by experts, much more likely is it to be the case in our midst, where vast solitudes are only broken by the sight of some lonely farmstead or squatter's house, and where the country, for the most part, has only been casually surveyed by some pioneer, who in a flying visit has simply marked off its most general geological features. It is a great mistake to suppose that the discovery of gold, or some other of the metals, is the only re turn likely to be secured by a systematic geological survey. There is, for example, the bare possibility of finding coal within our borders, and should it ever be dis covered here it must prove of greater value to the colony than even the dis covery of gold. It is a very desirable thing that this important question, that has so long been debated and has so long hung in the balance of doubt, should be definitely set at rest. As agricultural products foim the Btaple of South Australian expoits, any researches that may tend to improve this bransh of industry must render essential service to the colony. Next to the question of rain, the nature and capacities of the soil are subjects of the most vital impoitance to the farmer. It is evident from the process of soil-making that the mineral constituents of any paiticular rock will be found as the leading characteristics of the local so:is which are derived therefrom. Some mineral substances will probably be found in too great quantity to be of sen ice for agricultural purposes, and some othere essential to the growth of the crop in too limited a supply. In such cases it is necessary to know what is required to stimulate the vegetable growths, and where such substances can be most conveniently obtained. These are known a3 mineral manures, and are now extensively used in farming on scientific principles. The present system of farming in South Australia is beyond the possibility of question both unscientific and exhausting, and if the colony is to maintain . its position .13 a great wheat-producing country it mast adopt different- methods from those which have hitherto been the rule. If the ground for a course of yeara has been feeding men and cattle with a constant supply of lime, phosphate, iron, and other substances that are not only essential to the vegetable, but which build up flesh and blood, it is bound to get impoverished and hungry, and must be fed with renewed supplies of veget&Ue; , and flesh-founing sub.it jncss. The principal of these inorganic manures are quicklime, marl,' phosphatic nodule3, salts of soda, ammonia, and so forth. 'Closely connected with the subject of agriculture is that of the water supply of the colony. -Tn a country where but little water falls during the summer months, and which is paiiicrlarly subject to pro tracted droughts; it must be of the -greatest consequence that the underground supplies should be carefully studied, and the water-bearing strata- recognised and mapped. From the poverty of linos of Bupsrficial drainage in South Australia, we may calculate that there must be a large supply of water in underground reservoirs that, when tapped, n?ay prove of eminent service in many distnets. , The vast stretches of level country must, in the wet season, become thoroughly saturated, the water gradually percolating through the porous subsoil to the rocks beneath. At the same time, high ground surrounding plains, of which we have numerous examples in the country, : is eminently conducive to the storing of water in ,subte'rranean channels. The drainage conducts the h;!l water over the bassel-edges of the rocks that flank the ridges, which is readily absorbed along ?theplanes, of bedding, and, following the line of their 'dip,' will underlie the low lands of the valleys. A sandstone rock, particularly, if it overlies or is inter bedded by impervious strata, usually f Ola's „ a most excellent conduit : of water, as the millstone grit of England, for instance, which yields an inex haustible supply. . A linritone rock will sometimes engulf a whole river at once, and theri throw it again to the surface at some distant spot. Fissures in the rocks will at f-n-9 tap the water and carry it down to a lower level ; or, again, such cracks may conduct water up from great depths to near the surface, so as to be available .at a. considerable, distance from its primary .source. , In some districts the artesian, or deep- well, 'boring has already proved of the greatest; service. This principle has been tried with remarkable success by the Frencfi even in such an juri promising 'situation- as the Algerian side of the great Sahara Desei t. - ( In architecture it is of the greatest importance to taukr where; is ithe most. convenient pls^e' to, find!' suitable stone, for various kjn&3\. of build ing purposes. A building! stone may be - selected on account of ithe freencss of its working, its qualities of durability, or its features of beauty. There are also the varieties of stone use ful for puiposes of sculpture, decoration, ornament, and gems. .Amongst oiher essential things of a similar character may be mentioned pa\ing and roofing slates, road metal, millstones, grindstones, whet stones, cutting and polishing materials, &c.; Limestones, of which several varieties are known to occur within the limits of the colony, pre valuable for making mortar and various kinds of. cement., If a limestone can be found suitable for this latter pur pose, and conveniently situated,: it would prove a most profitable investment, and save the colony a vei/' large amount of money in_ rendering the import of ithis article no longer necesuai/. Clays may be utilized in-various ways, according to their purity or composition ; they may be brick and tile clays, potters' andporcelain clays, fireclay, terracotta, &c.; ? Kaolin, tlie name given, to the finest pqrcelain or China clay,-formed by the decomposition of felspar in soft earthy granites, 1 has been foundinthe colony and appears to be of excellent quality. The widelyjdis tributedfineand white sands found in many places BUggest the probability of glass manufactures /being established-' here upon a firm foundation inj the course of time, - especially if ' . ? the alkaline elements required in the manufacture Bhould also -be found insufficient quanti ties as a native' product. In addition to the substances already referred to there have been found in various parts of South Aus tralia the following important substances: —Lignite, bitumen, petroleum, plumbago, diamond, asbestos, Fuller's earth, gypsum, marble, magnesia, soapstone, &c.; AU the above may not be found within our limits in such quantities as may prove remune rative in the working ; but it is evi dent that the territory, concerned is by no means deficient in mineral substances of great utility, and in some respects is remarkably rich. It is therefore reasonable to suppose that an adequate survey would bring into prominent notice many facts relating to the geology of the colony not hitherto known, and would undoubtedly lead to some new departures in its commercial history in utilizing to a fuller extent the advantages which nature has put at our disposal in the mineral treasures of our land. 'VSnen the colony has been thoroughly surveyed, and geo logical maps prnted and in the hands of practical men of ?U trades, many questions now difficult of solution, and which, consequently hamper enter prise, will be settled. The geo logical areas will be shown, with the line of their outcrops carefully mapped. The civil engineer, as well as the manufacturer, will find a basis for his calculations in the publications of the Geological Department ; the former will learn what difficulties he 13 likely to encounter in his laving down of roads, construction of railways, tunnelling, &c.; and the latter will possess in such publi cations an index to the mineral resources of the colony, their localities and relative quantities, which will here encourage the investment of capital and there prevent the waste of money aiid energy in the prosecution of hopele33 enterprises. I The Real Pkopeett Act.— It ?s grati fying to find that some at least jof the candidates for the Legislative Council have stated their determination to pre serve the Real Property Act in its integrity, and to do what is necessary to lop off the excrescences which are in terfeiiug, and threaten still farther to -'nterfere, with its beneficial operation. It is questionable whether they could, if called upon, point out the specific injuries that have been done to the measure, but it is something gained to know that their suspicions - have been aroused and that they are ready to assume a defensive atti tude. It is satisfactory to find that inde feasibility of title as established by the Real Property Act is still a phrase to con jure by. The public cannot be too sensi tive with regard to infractions of this law, which is one of the most valuable results of legislative effort in South Aus tralia. There is no longer any danger that the principles of the Act will bo openly and malignantly attacked, a3 was the caBe in former times. There are few who entertain -towards it any feeling of vindictivencss, or who would support it3 repeal if such a tiling were to be seriously proposed. Judges, lawyers, land proprietors, and those who hope to become land proprietors, are, we be bclieve, honestly desirous of maintaining it as.a portion of the Statute law of the colony. Wo do riot Bharo Mr. E. A. Opie's view that the Judicial Bench is so wedded to the ancient traditions of the law of title to land, and so enamoured of the venerable intricacies of conveyancing, that it is ever on the watch to deal a blow at the Act; and we think better of the legal profession than to imagine that, while they are professing admira'ion of the Act they are banded together to effect its destruction at the earliest possible opportunity. At the same time it is un deniable that recent legislation has tended to hamper the operations of the law, and that the interests of the legal profession have been studied to a greater extent than necessity warrants. Although the main citadel— the indefeasibility of title— may be uninjured, it is certain that some of the important outworks, such as simplicity in dealing with certain classes of land, promptness in dis posing of applications, and ine&pen-; siveness of transactions under the Act, have received damage. It is impos sible—and would be vei/ undesirable if it were possible— to restore the Act to the condition in which it first received Parlia mentary assent ; but there is need not only for the utmost vigilance in prevent ing injurious encroachments upon the main principles of the measure, but also for a recasting of provisions of existing Acts which conflict with the law, militate against its simplicity, and reintroduce some of those elements of complexity and uncertainty which it was meant to aweep away. Although we do not concur in all of Mr. Opie's animadversions upon the Judges, he is certainly doing the State good sen ice in calling attention to the points upon which the Act has been as sailed, and in endeavouring to arouse the country to a sense of the importance of maintaining intact the grand principles of the law, and removing those obstacles in the way of its effective operation which, whether advertently or inadvertently, have been created by Parliament. - ' The ?VitroRi/v GovEEmrENT Yioxory. —The evil prognostications of the Vic torian Democrats who urged Mr. Berry to keep up the Constitutional Reform agi tation as the only means of binding his party together are being fulfilled. He has sustained a crushing defeat on his motion of want of confidence with refe rence to the importation^ ? of_ iron pipes and railway carriages^ Per haps this was on account of the want of skill which he showed in choosing an issue on which to try conclusions with the Government. He wished to1 rouse the apprehensions of Protectionists, yet Mr. Francis as. a consistent Protectionist avows himself thoroughly satisfied with the course which the Government have adopted. The position which tiie Constitu tional party under Mr. Francis_at present occupy is an extraordinary ' one,TioTding, as it does, the balance between Sir Bryan O'Loghlen's following and th'at of Mr. Beny ; but it is by no means unique in the history of Victoria — in fact, the same state of tilings, or something similar to it, has existed in the Victorian Parliament for many years. The Democratic party for a long time trimmed tho balance and ultimately stepped into 'office. Then the Denominationalists iold the balance between Mr. Berry and' the Con stitutional party, with the! result that they too have succeeded in-, .obtaining effice. 'Whether the Constitutionalists will follow suit is a question which it would be rather difficult to answer. Mr. Francis findsy as he says, that bis public career is . drawing ' to a close ; Mr. Murray Smith has with drawn for a time from the political arena: and there is no one who can claim to lead the party in his absence. However, it is not j difficult to see that Mr. Berry is conscious that his invincible majority is now' a thing of the past. He aid not' deny, when the question — was put-p-to — him, that he had been parleying j with members of the Constitutional party— with 'Loligarchs' and 'land sharks'— in order to scrape together a majority in tho division, and tins discovery was appa rently used by Borne of his followers as an excuse for desertion. With- regard to the manner in which protectionist preju dices entered into the debate, it would be hazardous to conclude from ttardef eat of Mr. Berry that these have beeriniaterially weakened; yet there is reason to hopa that the advocates of protection have now got beyond the vicious and utterly on reasonable stage in their disorder. Perhaps the evidence now being given before the Tariff CommiBBi6n will have a further sedative effect. In any ca3e, it is gratifying to know that BerryiBm as a source of danger to the peace,''orae^ and good government of tho country! has, for the time, at least, ceased^tp be for midable. It is too much to hope that it has been completely killed, but it has been most effectually scotched. Stkeet Roughs.— On the night of last Saturday week four young men,' who described themselves as labourers, became so hilarious as to indulge in several acts of . wanton mischief, which they, no doubt, mistook for practical jokes. They perambulated Grote-street, putting out the lamps, breaking windows, and damaging the trees. Being caught by the police, they were prose cuted for three offences on behalf of the Corporation and a private in dividual. In the end, however, In spector Fuller, on attending at the Court, found that the charges had been with drawn upon a promise of payment of the damage done, and that the whole affair wa3 to be hushed up. The reason assigned for this very unusual course appears to have been that the evidence against the young men was in sufficient to convict them ; yet, if that were the case, it is difficult to understand why they agreed to pay the damage. They certainly gave pretty clear proof of their guilt by their action in thus paying for absolution. We do not know what was the nature of the reasons which in duced the Mayor to consent to the with drawal of the charges, and, beyond the -statement that he had thought_such a coarse desirable, nothing has been made public with reference to the matter. But considering the nature of the offence, and the difficulty which the police too often find, in cases of this kind, in bringing the offenders to justice, we think that His Worship lias allowed his good nature to get the better of his judgment. No doubt it is a very grave matter that four young men of presumably respectable position in |life should be brought to the degrading situation of standing in the dock of a Police Court, But even on moral grounds the affair may be looked at from an altogether different poinb of view. Tile ; better the position of the ycung men the-mofe disgraceful is it that they should perpetrate acia of vandalism which justify their arrest and incarceration. But,' apart from these con siderations, the jpispiaced leniency ' dis played in this case .cannot fail, to bs tlisheaiteningto the police, who have been to'ig their best u- suppress rowdyism and prevent the wanton destruction of property. If all the ' larrikins who have respectable . friendi. .and can pay for the damage they do are to be allowed to go-' along the streets tearing down branches from trees and 1 reaking windows, if jis to be feared that tfce city thoroughfares will become decidedly lively at nighty and the foot paths decidedly unsafe. The names of ihe offenders in this, case have already lcen published, and they may think them selves most fortunate that they have scaped the punishment -which their mis ci.nduct merited. - : I.IEERALTTY OF SikThOS. ELDER— Mt. R. (;. Wilkinson, the. Cha:rman of the Com mittee of the Younq Men's Christian Asso ciation, informs us tnat S'r Tnos. Elder ha3 subscribed ihe handsome, sum of £1000 towards the new building of this Association. Tee Ixvttatioss fob the Railway Opes i::o.— According to-ateletram which -we have received, a good deal -of dissatisfaction' is fe\t at Orroroo at what is stated to be the partial manner in which the invitations to the open ing ceremony of the Great Northern Railway have been issued. The action of the Com missioner of Public Works is also uisajrre ably contrasted with the hospitality shown by the residents of the, locality to the Go vernment party on the occasion of the open ing of the line to Orroroo. ? . ; ; Voltisteee Appointment.'-— The Govern ment has appointed Mpjo.' Madley lo the 1 osition of Lieutenant-Colonelof the Adelaide Rifles, in place of lieutenant-Colonel Fitzroy. resigned. Lieutenant- Colonel Madley will command the first battalion. - ?.. Mahise Engineers.— The, Port Adelaide branch of the Marine Engineers', Association of Australasia have received the following reply from the Under-Treasurer, dated May 15, to a petition presented to the Minister oa snbjects of interests to marine engineers : — 'With reference to the petition from the marine engineers of this colony, praying that certain disadvantages under which it is alleged they are labouring, may be removed, I have the honour, by direction of the Trsa surer, to inform you that the memorial has been carerully perused by the Government, and that, when notification is received here that the Marine Board and Navigation Act of last session has been assented to by Her Majesty the Queen, tht representations mode with regard to the appointment of an enjrineer as a member of the Marine Board, ana also ss to the exemption of Government vessels from the operations of the Act. shall receive due consideration. The other point3 raised \\-y the petitioners have already been dealt with, by adopting the Imperial practice in such matters in existing regulations aid in the new Act.' Cotopaxi's Passengers.— The Orient liner Cotopaxi, sailing on Thursday for London, takes the following passengers from Adelaide: Mr. and Mrs. R. Ziegler, Messrs. J. Hanson E. B. Colton, H. Heale, and Captain G, Bigg' in the first saloon ; Messrs. J. Barwell, C. 'Waltmann, and J. Turner, in the second saloon ; and 25 third-clas3 and steerage pas ser ^ers. The Great PYPiJim— OnMon*3 iy evei intr. the 15th fast , the Rev. J. J. W~itwood favehis interesting lecture on the 'Gr^at 'jramid'' lo a 'iree audience, 'i tbe United Methcdist Free Church Schoolroom, Way mouth-sLreet. The ?2V. RP. Mud^e pre sided. The lecture, ?which wai lM'jen'd to most attentively throughout, was en1;.vened by muiac snd sinaing by the choir of the tinitcd Methodist nVoe Church, Miss Mudge plajing the harmonium. At the cloce a nearly vole of thanks was' proposed by Mr. Changers to the lecturer, and cpuicd unani mously, i , i McKtsiatasdMotjxtWehsTct Mtvehj Company.— The local Directors have re;eivsd the following telej^-am from : their local Diana-ierin the Northern' Ter/Iioi/:— ' D;s covercd a lode of tin ore on your property. !-tone three to six inches thick on b arface. Smelted 70 per cent ' ' Bishop Short.— The following is a tran script of part of a letter received from Bishop Short by Mr. H. S. Anthony,, the Registrar of the Diocese of Adelaide, by whom it has been courteously placed at our disposal: — ' Having landed on Ash Wednesday we have been resident in London about six weeks (the letter is dated April 3). I have been slowly mending all the time. The March weather happened to be singularly mild, and so favourable- to me.. . L~ can. jiqw walk slowly a mile without bringing on my old side pain, and so can get to St. Peters, Eaton- square, walking there and back one 3 on the Sunday. After all I sadly miss the Cathedral service, even though Mr. William Boultis in St. Peter's choir and Sergisonis the organist. I must say that the number of services in each church, and the efficiency of the preachers is very very much greater than when I wa3 last here. Miss Shmt attended a midday weekday service at St. Paul's, when Mr. Knox-Little addressed about .1,500, principally men of business, gathered under the dome and transept and upper nave. There is a great and growing interest in the Church services, and, singular to say, I have not heard the word Jtilualist mentioned l~ People seem tired of the subject, and only look to the character and earnestness of the clergy. My ladies are very welL— Yours very truly, A. Shobt, Bishop.' . Welcome io Mb. J?hhieJ3axto.— A tea and public meeting to welcome Mr. P. Santo, J.P., who has returned to the colony after a twelvemonth's absence, was held in the Christian Church, Grote-street, on Tuesday evening. About 200 persons sat down to tea, and the church was comfortably filled at Che public meeting. Dr. Majarey presided, aurl made a few introductory remarks congrat v latory to Mr. Santo. Mr. H. D. Smith spoke of tbe great help Mr. Santo had been to their Chnrch in times past, and hoped that his return would be made a great' blessing to it in future. Mr. W. Handle, Signor G. Ferrero, and Dr. Kidner addressed the meeting in the same strain. Mr. Santo, ou rising, Mas greeted with loud applause. He spoke of the pleasure it- gave him to be once more with his own people, and said he was astonished at the welconu that had been given him. His jonrney hai been a very pleasant one, and had he the arrangement of the trip before he started he could not have done the thing better. It seemed to him that the world had grown larger, and words could not convey his id 'as in connection with what he had seen. As a result of his trip he had made many friends, friends he should never, forget whilst he lived on earth, and whom he hoped to meet in heaven. After an absence from England of twenty-nine years they could imagine his feelings on seeing the green fields and the glorious sights he had met with, and he could with propriety give expression to his feelings in the words that 'England was the best and brightest place on the face of God's earth.' (Applause. 1 On the morning after his arrival he walked up and down the streets of the town in which he was brought up, but could not recognise a single person, and no one recognised him. He remained five months in England, and then left for America. In regard to this place he thought that their estimate of America was a wrong one ; undoubtedly there '-ere a good irony roughs there ; but they came, if not from England, from a place verv close to it, and when they got to America n»d a parti cular down on everything British. He was sure that true Americans detested such things as much as we did. The sentiment of this great country was that America and England should be one in everything that was good, grand, and noble. He had ex perienced the greatest kindness and con sideration wherever he had been from all with whom he came in contact A pleasant voyage to Australia concluded his trip round the world. He felt greatly benefitc1., and hoped he would work with them with re newed vigour in the Crurch. (Applaud.) The Rev. T. J. Gore pronounced the bene diction, and the meeting closed. Nokth Adelaide Young Men's Society; — The opening soirte of the twenty-third session of this Society was held on Monday evening, May 15. The room was tastefully decorated with pictures and bunting, and on the tables were displayed various articles of interest, amongst them being a number of exhibits lent by the Rev. T. Be3wick, who had collected^ them while encased in mis sionary work in New Guinea. Pictures were kindly lent by Messrs. D. Murrav, Mayfield and Sons. R. Whinham, and W. G. Rend? 11. During the evening Mr. H. G. Nash con tributed two songs in his well-known style. R-citetions were delivered ty Messrs. R. Whmham and L. J. Kekwick.' The church choir pleasingly rendered two glees. At the close of the entertainment refreshmencs were harmed rorrd. A Cuhiocs Case.— A case of considerable importance to the community came on for trial in the Supreme Court on Tuesday before His Honor Mr. Justice Andrews. The action was based upon a chum by the Curator of Intestate Estates upon the National Mutual life Assurance Company of Anstra lasia for the amount of a life policy issued to one Ernest Neville, whose tragic death' by suicide at Willaston, near Gawler, in 1878, created such a profound impression. ? It ap peared that Neville, whose real name waa Edward Twiney, had assured his life in the defendant's Company for £400, and subse quently becoming embarrassed in circum stances, conceived the idea of committing suicide so that the amount of his life poliey might go towards liquidating his liabilities— theNational Mutual Life Assnran^e Company not allowing the death by suicide of the assured to vitiate the policy. The strange circumstances of the deliberate taicide of .Neville and his deeply attached compauiou Adamson, after they had first killed their favourite dog, are known far and wide, and were again described in the trial op Tuesday. The Company opposed the claim on the ground that the suicide was an act committed by Neville while he was in sound mental health ; ralso that the policy was obtained by the fraud of Neville. The Court adjourned till to- day after hearing, a good deal of evidence. Insolvency Couet.— Before the ordinaiy business of the Insolvency Court was called on on Tuesday morning, His Honor the Chief Justice .drew Mr. A. G. Downer's attention to the case of S. M. Puduey, of Cunningham, Yorke's Peninsula, farmer, in which Mr. Downier appeared for the insolvent, who had stated that he was adjudicated insolvent when he could have satisfied the demands of his. creditors, the bailiff haying returned 'no estate' without visiting .his premises. He (Bis Honor) had since had some facts placed before him, from which he concluded that Pudney had vnlfully misled the Court, a3 his furniture was protected by a bill of sale to Hardy & Fenn, and if this were the ease, and he was quite satisfied it was so, as the bailiff had made an affidavit to that effect, and also that he had visited Pudney's premises, he thought the matter should be placed before the Attorney-General with a view of punish ing Pudney. Great injustice had been do\ie to the bailiff, who had been charged with neglecting his duty. He knew that Mr. Downer was ignorant that his client had mis led the Court, but Pudney's conduct had been most reprehensible and merited punish ment. Mr. Downer explained that lie wa3 totally unaware that the bailiff had visited his client's premises, as he had been in slrncied otherwise. He informed His Honor, however, that the estate was paying 2(H in the £, and the creditors would not Io3eby the adjudication having been annulled. Death of an Old Colonist.— The remains of Air. L. W. Warnccke, a resident of Nuriqotpa. for nearly thirty years, and a chemist of great ability, were buried on Sun day last. After a tedious yet comparatively painless illness of five months, he breathed his last on Friday, May 12, at the age of 53. The funeral corligc was the largest that has assembled in the district. Mr. Shultz, ' of Nurirotpa, read the appropriate service for the dead upon the removal of the body from the house, and the Nuriootpa Quartett Verein (of which the deceased was a distin guished member) sang with great pathos the (irablied by Bar, ' Hier unten iste Friede.' The procession was then formed, and pro ceeded with every demonstration of sorrow to the cemetery at Tanuuda, where already lay a child of the departed. The Rev, J. Reusch received the corpse at the cemetery gales, and rendered the services most impres sively, which were terminated by the Nuriootpa Quartett Verein, the Greenock Liedertafel, and the Stockwell Liedertafel united, consisting of twentv-five male voices, singing with fine effect the beautiful Grablied by Fleenning, ' Uber den Sternen.' Bubglabt. — A most systematic attempt at ransacking the premises of Messrs. R. ' EL Wigg & Son, King William-street, took place on Monday evening. From the subseqnept appearance of things and information received it appears that a ladder was obtained from the backyard of Mr. D. W. Melvin's auction mart, and placed to the high gate leading into Messrs. T. G. Brown & Son's premises. Then the ladder was placed to the wall of Messrs. Wigg and Sons back warehouse, and exactly suited the objects of the burglars— for there must have been several — by reach ing to a window in the bottle de partment. Having prised this window open and obtained an entrance their next move was to obtain access into the gene ral store, and thus to the offices which are facing the main street. A well-bolted door stood in the way, but the difficulty was ap paiently soon overcome, and the robbers had then free scope for their depiedations. In the office they attacked a large iron safe by Messrs. Phillips & Sons. This safe was re moved to the back, and having no rollers~it was carried bodily a distance of fully fifteen yards. There the doors were burst open, all the locking apparatus in its resistance being completely ' screwed.' Luckily nothing but books and some trade documents rewarded the rascals for their trouble. They next appear to have entered the office, and here they found another iron safe, the door3 of which were not fastened, as it mostly con tained books, but three inner drawers were prised open, and about £3 or £9 in silver ODtained. All the books were strewn about the floor, inclu ding an acceptance book, which, if the maiauders had been a little more careful, would have revealed to their gaze a handsome cheque drawn out and signed. Nothing further of value was taken, and the matter is now in the hands of the police, who doubtless will soon bring the offenders to justice. Pbofessob Rice.— a large audienoe greeted Profesior Rice at the Institute Hall, Gawler, on Monday evening. The chief feature of a long proRamme was the mind-reading, and several well-known citizens were nominated to apply tests, Dot one of which to the amaze ment of all was a tailure. Mr. J. Brooks thought of a knife, Mr. J. F. Martin a large old penny, and Mr. Coun cillor thort a shell ; each in a gentleman's pocket, and all of which were found at once. Mr. Councillor May's test was a trying one. He gave a person a small case of instruments, and in one end were some leads, the finding of which was greeted with hearty applause. Mr. C. Cross thought of the lancet used by Neville (one of tbe suicides), but the Professor soou held it to view. The favourable impression at firsi created by Miss Lewis's singing was more than realized on her second appearance, and she was deservedly encored. The entertain ment closed with the cabinet and ghost trick, which was very successfully carried out. The Circus. — Wilson's Circus was again well attended on Tue^av evening. The performance was conducted with much suc cess, and the people present testified their appreciation by frequent rpplause. There will be a ma.inie this afternoon, and in the evening there will be a change of rjro0i'amine, when severpl fresh performers wid appear. Academy of Music— The Academy was well filled on Tuesday evening, when Bent and Batchelder's Minstrels repeated their opening programme. The entertainment was thoroughly enjoyed by the audience, who wrre lavish in their applause. The managers would do well to +'ke some means to chick the larrikins in the gallery disturbing the e^iojment of others by their whistling and yediig, as was the case on Tuesday night. Death of the Pbesident of the Tas manian Council. — The Argus mentions the receipt of a telegram from Hobart stating that the President of the Legislative Council of Tasmania, had died on the 11th. The ' Australian Men of the Time' has the fol lowing with reference to the deceased gentle-, man :—' Frederick Maitland Innes, M.L.C., a native of Scotland, was born in 1816. He came to Australia wheu he was seventeen years of age, and first entered the Tasmanian Parliament at the inauguration of free insti tutions in the end of 1SS6. The year after his entering Parliament the first Ministry was displaced, and Mr. Innes took ofiice as Colonial Treasurer, and fo/ a short period filled the position of Colonial Secretary in the Administration of Sir Francis Smith— now Chief Justice of Tasmania— and others until 1S62. On becoming Colorial Secretary Mr. Innes entered the Legislative Council, where he sat until November, 1871, when he was called upon to form an Administration. Upon taking the office of Treasurer he re turned to the Assembly. Whilst a member of the Council he was for some years Chair man of Committees, and for the last five vears President of that branch of the Legis lature. Mr. Innes was for some time Colonial Treasurer and Premier. He has generally identified himself with those holding mode rate opiniocs in politics, and was instru mental in passing several measures of impor tance. The chief of these was the giving to municipal and local txxlies an extended franchise, control of police, &c.; It may be remarked that Mr. Innes's official labours have been of by no means a light character, he having had to contend with the depression of commercial, agricultural, and other inte rests in Tasmania. He took office and held it during a period of very serious difficulty.' Hin-E Volunteer Force.— In another coif Tin the Commandant announces that all members of the R.T.F. Till be welcome to attend and tafce part in the Review of the 24th inst., and that those Tho des:re it w^l he furnished ?* ith free railway passes. ACLARE SiLVER-MiSiXG Compaxt.— In another column irill be fotiud the prospectus of this Com panv, which is to be formed to work Section 1236, in the Hundreds of Strathalbyn and Kanmantoo. This has been mined by Mr. F. C. Singleton since 1S61. A list of satisfactory assays is appended, as well as favourable reports, ?which have at various times been made on the mine. The whole of the 50 COO £1 shares have been aleady subscribed for. St. Paul's Church.— Attention is called to an advertisement of special services in connection with the festivM of the .ascension. Football.— To day St. Peter's and Pnnce Alfred Collce play thf:r annual football match on the Adelaide Oval. Received.— The Australian Medical Jourr u for April. kamsai Ftsd.— Anonymous, £L 