A STRANGE WORLD. BITHEAUTHOROF "LADY AUDITSSEC CHAPTER X- —(Continued.) The revolution which JameaPenwyn'sdeath had wrought in Churchill's fate was a change to set most men thinking. From a struggling man just beginning to make a little way in an arduous profession, he found himself all at once worth something like seven thousand a year, master of an estate which would bring with it the respect of his fellow-men, position and power—the means of climbing higher than any Penwyn had yet mounted on the ladder of life. "I shall not bury myself alive in a stupid old manor-house," he thought," like my grandfather. And yet it will be rather a pleasant thing playing at being a country squire." Most of all he thought of her who was to .share his fortunes—the new bright life they could lead together—of her beauty, which had an imperial grandeur that needed a splendid sotting—of her power to charm, which would be an influence to help his aggrandizement. He fancied himself member for Seacomb, making his mark in the House, as he had already begun to make it at the Bar. Literature and statecraft should combine to help him on. He saw himself, far away in the prosperous future, leader of his party. He thought that when he first crossed the threshold of the Senate House, as a member, he would say to himself, almost involuntarily, "Some day I shall enter this door as Prime Minister." He was not a man whose desires were bounded by a handsome house and gardens, a good stable, wine-cellar, and cook. He asked Fortune for something more than these. If not for his own sake, for his betrothed, he would wish to be something more than a prosperous country gentleman. Madge would expect him to be famous. Madge would be disappointed if he failed to made his mark in the world. He fell to calculating how long it would have been in the common course of things, plodding on at literature and his profession, before he could have won a position to justify his marrying Madge Bellingham. For away to the extreme point in perspective stretched the distance. He gave a short bitter sigh of very weariness. "It would have been ten or fifteen years before I could have given her as good a home as her father's," he said to himself. "Why fatigue one's brain by such profitless speculations? She would never have been my wife. She is a girl who must have made a great marriage. She might be true as steel, but everybody else would have been against me. Her father and her sister would have worried her almost to death, and some morning while I was marching biavely on towards the distant goal I should have received a letter, tear-blotted, remorseful, telling me that she had yielded to the persuasions of her father, and had consented to marry the millionaire stockbroker, or the wealthy lordling, as the case might he." ""Whois this Mr. Clissold?" Churchill asked by-and-by, throwing aside his un- read paper, and emerging from that brown study in which he had been absorbed for the last hour or so. " A college friend of poor James's, his senior by some few years. They had been reading together in the north. You must have met Clissold in Axminster Square, I should think, when you dined with your aunt. He and James were inseparable." " I have some recollection of a tall, darkbrowed youth, who seemed one of the femily." " That was young Clissold, no doubt." " Civil of him to telegraph to me," said Churchill, and there the subject dropped. The two gentleman yawned a little. Churchill looked out of the window, and replased into thoughtfulness, and so the time went on, and the journey came to an end. Churchill and the lawyer drove straight to the police station, to inquire if the murderer had been found. There they heard what had befallen Maurice Clissold. " Absurd !" exclaimed the solicitor. " No possible motive." The official in charge shook his head sagely. " There appears to have been a quarrel," he said, in his slow ponderous way, " between the two young gents, the night previous. High words was over'eard at the hinn, and on the night of the murder Mr. Cliss'll was absent, which he is unwilling to account for his time." " Mr. Pergament looked at Churchill, as much as to say, " This is serious." " Young men do not murder each other on account of a few high words," said Mr. Penwyn. " I dare say Mr. Clissold will give RET." a satisfactory account of himself when the proper time comes. No one in their right senses could suspect a gentleman of such a crime—a common robbery, with violence, on the high road. In the race week, too, when a place is always running over with ruffians of every kind." " I beg your pardon sir," said the superintendent, " but that's the curious part ofthe case. The footsteps of the murderer have been traced. Mr. Penwyn was shot at from behind a hedge, you see, and the print of the sole looks like the print of a gentleman's boot—narrow, and a small heel; nothing of the clodhopper about it. The ground's a bit of marshy clay just there, and the impression was uncommonly clear." Churchill Penwyn looked at the man thoughtfully for a moment, with that penetrating glance of his which was wont to scrutinize an adverse witness in order to see what might bo made of him—the glance of a man familiar with the study of his fellow men. "There are vagabonds enough in the world who wear decently made boots," he said, " especially horsey vagabonds." He made all necessary inquiries about the inquest, and then drove with the lawyer to one of the chief hotels, crowded with racing men, though not to suffocation, as at the Summer Meeting. " You'll watch the case in the interests of the family, of course," he said to Mr. Pcrgament. "I should like you to do what you can for this Mr. Clissold, too. There can be no ground for his arrest." " I should suppose not—he and James were such friends." " And then the empty purse shows that the murder was done for gain. My cousin may have won money, or have been supposed to have won a good deal on the race- course, and may have been watched and followed by some prowling ruffian—tout, tramp, or gipsy." " It is odd that Mr. Clissold refused to account for his time last night." " Yes, that is curious; but I feel pretty sure the explanation will come when lie's pressed." And then the gentlemen dined together comfortably. A little later on, Mr. Pergament got up to go out. "There are the last melancholy details to he arranged," he said; " have you any wish on that point, as his nearest relation." " Only that his own wishes should be respected." "His father and mother are buried at Kensal Green. I dare say he would rather bo there than at Ponwyn." " One would suppose so." " Then I'll go and see about the removal, and so on," said Mr. Pergament, taking up his hat. " By the way—perhaps, before it is too late, you would like to see your cousin ?" Churchill gave a little start, almost a shudder. " No," he said, " I never went in for that kind of thing." CHAPTEK XL "WHAT, teen, tod knew not this red WORKINDEED ?" Justina lived through the day and acted at night pretty much as she had been accustomed to act; but she saw her audience dimly through a heavy, blinding cloud, and the glare of the footlights seemed lurid as the fires of Pandemonium. People spoke to her in the dressing-room where she dragged on her shabby finery, and dabbed a little rouge on her pale, wan face, and she answered them somehow, mechanically. She had lived that kind of life among the same people bo long that the mere business of existence went on withont any effort of her own. She felt like a clock that had been wound and must go its appointed time. She sat in the corner of the green-room, looking straight before her, and thought bow her bright now world had melted away; and no one took any particular notice of her. Mrs. Dempson had been kind and com- passionate, and, after Justina's fainting fit, had dabbed her forehead with vinegar and water, and sat with her arm round the girl's waist, consoling her and reasoning with her, reminding her that they had only known poor Mr. Penwyn a day and a half, and that it was against nature to lament him as if he had been a near relation or an old friend. "Who, in sober middle age, when the sordid cares of every-day life are paramount ; who, when youth's morning is past, can comprehend the young heart's passionate mystery—the love which, like some bright tropical flower, buds and blooms in a single day—the love which is more , than half fancy—the love of a lover in no common clay, but the fair incarnation of girlhood's poetic dream—love whiBrein the senses have|no more part than the phosphor lights of a morass in the clear splendour of the stars ? Justina kept the secret of her brief dream. She thought Mrs. Dempson, and even her father, would have laughed her to scorn had she told them that the generous yonng stranger had asked her to be his wife. She held her peace, and shut herself in her garret chamber, and hid her tear-stained fece in the flock pillow, and thought of her murdered lover—thought of the bright, handsome face fixed in death's marble stillness, and cursed the wretch who had slain him. Mr. Elgood and his daughter were both subpmnaed for the adjourned inquest. The actor, who rather rejoiced in the opportunity of exhibiting his powers in a new arena, and the prospect of seeing his name in the papers, appeared in grand form on the morning of the examination. He had brushed his coat, sported a clean white waistcoat and a smart blue necktie, wore a pair of ancient buff leather gloves, and carried the cane which he was wont to flourish as the exasperated father of legitimate comedy. Justina entered the room as pale as a ghost, and sat by her father's side, with ier dark eyes fixed on the coroner, as if from his lips could issue the secret of her lover's doom. She had the most imperfect idea of the nature of an inquest, and the coroner's power. The jury were seated round the coroner at the upper end of the room. Mr. Pergament, the solicitor, stood at the end of the table ready to put any questions he might desire to have answered by the witnesses. On the right of the coroner, a little way from the jury, sat Maurice Clissold, with a constable at his side. Nearly opposite him, and next to the lawyer, stood the new master of Penwyn Manor, ready to prompt a question if he saw his solicitor at fault. Churchill and Mr. Pergament had gone into the case thoroughly together, with the Spinnersbury detectives and the local constabulary, and had their facts pretty well in hand. The jury answered to their names, and the inquiry began, Mr. Pergament interrogating, the coroner taking notes of the evidence. Mr. Elgood was one of the first witnesses sworn. " I believe you were in the company of the deceased on the night, or rather morning, of the murder ?'' said the coroner. " Yes, he supped at my lodging on that night." " Alone with you 1" " No. Mr. Dempson and his wife, and my daughter were ofthe party." " At what hour did Mr. Penwyn leave you," The actor's countenance assumed a look of perplexity. " It was half-past twelve before we sat down to supper," he said, " but I can't exactly say how long we sat afterwards. We smoked a few cigars, and, to be candid, were somewhat convivial. I haven't any clear idea as to the time; my daughter may know." " Why your daughter, and not you 1" She let him out through the shop when he went away. Our apartments are respectable hut humble, over a chandler's." "And your daughter was more sober than you, and may have some idea as to the time? We'll ask her the question presently. Do you know if Mr. Penwyn had any considerable sum of money about him at the time he left you ?" " I don't know. He had entertained us handsomely at the ' Waterfowl' on the previous night, and he stood a carnage and any quantity of champagne to the races that day, but I did not see him pay away money except for the standing-place for his carriage." " Did you see him receive any money on the racecourse?" " No." " Was he with you all day ?" " From twelve o'clock till half-past six in the evening." " And in that time you had no knowledge of his winning or receiving any Bum of money ?" " No." " Do you know of his being associated with disreputable people of any land—betting men, for instance ?" " I know next to nothing of his associations. There was an old gipsy woman who pretended to tell his fortune by the river side the day before the races, wheifhe'and' the rest, of ns happened to he walking together. He gave her money then, and he gave her money on the race day, when she was hanging about the carriage, begging for : drink.": ' Churchill Penwyn, who had been looking at the ground, in a listening attitude hitherto, raised his eyes at this juncture half in interrogation, half in surprise. ' "Is that all you know about the deceased 9" continued Mr. Pergament. " About all. I had only enjoyed ;his acquaintance six-and-thirty hours at the time of the murder." " Yon can sit down," said Mr. Pergament. " Justina Elgood," cried the summoning officer, and Justina stood up in the crowded room, pale to the lips, but unfaltering. Again Churchill Penwyn raised those thoughtful eyes of his, and looked at the girl's pallid face. " Hot a common type of girl," he said to himself. CHAPTER. "BRAVE spirits are a balsam to themselves." Maurice Clissold also looked at the girl as she stood up at the end of the table in the little bit of clear epace left for the witnesses. A shaft of sunshine slanted from the skylight. The room was built out from the house, and lighted from the top, an apartment usually devoted to Masonic meetings and public dinners. In that clear radiance the girl's face was wondrously spiritualized. Easy to fancy that some being not quite of this common earth stood there, and that from those pale lips the awful truth would speak as if by the voice of revelation. So Maurice Clissold thought as he looked at her. Never till this moment had she appeared to him so beautiful; and now it was no common beauty which he beheld in her, but a strange and spiritual charm impossible of definition. " You were the last person who saw Mr. Ponwyn alive, except his murderer ?" said Mr. Pergament, interrogatively, after the usual formula had been gone through. " I opened the shop door for him when he went out, after supper." " At what o'clock ?" " Half-past two." " Was he perfectly sober at that time ?" " Oh yes," with an indignant look. " Was he going back to the * Waterfowl' alone. " Quite alone." " Did he say anything particular, to you jnst at last?—anything that it might be important for us to know ?" A faint colour flushed the pale face at the question. " Nothing." " Is that all you can tell us ?" " There is only one thing more," the girl answered, calmly. "Istood at the door a few minutes to watch Mr. Penwyn walking up the street, and just as he turned the corner a man passed on the opposite side of the way in the same direction." " Towards Lowgate ?" "Yes." " What kind of a man J" " He was rather tall, and wore an overcoat, and a thick scarf around his neck, as if it had been winter." " Did you see his face 1" "No." " Or notice anything else about him— anything besides the overcoat and the muffler ?" " Nothing " " You say he was tall. Was he ,as tall as that gentleman, do you suppose?—Stand up for a moment, if you please, Mr. Clissold." Clissold stood np. He was above the average height of tall men, well over six feet. " No, he was not so tall as that." "Are you euro of that? A man would look taller in this room than in the' street. Do you allow for that difference ?" inquired Mr. Pergament. " I do not believe that the man I saw that night was so tall as Mr. Clissold, nor so broad across the shoulders." " That will do." The chief constable next gave evidence as to the finding of the body, the watch buried in the ditch, the empty purse. Then came the landlady of the " Waterfowl," with an account ofthe high wolds between the twogentlemen, and Mr. Clissold's abrupt departure on the following morning. The Spinnersbruy detectives followed, and described Mr. Clissold's arrest, the tracing of footsteps behind the hedge and down to the, towpath, and how they had compared Mr. Clissold's boot with the footprints 'without being able to arrive at any poYitive'conclusion. " It might very easily be the print of the ame foot in a different boot," said Higlett. " It isn't so much tlie difference between the size of the feet as the shape and cut of the boot. The man must have been tall, the length of his stride shows that." There was no further evidence. The coroner addressed the jury. After a few minutes' consultation they returned their verdict,—" That the deceased had been murdered by some person or persons unknown." Thus Maurice Clissold found himself a free man again, but with the uncomfortable feeling of having been, for a few days, supposed the murderer of his bosom friend. It seemed to him that a stigma would attach to his name henceforward. He would be spoken of as the man who had been suspected, and who was in all probability guilty, but who had been let slip because the chain of evidence was not quite stronj enough to hang him. " I suppose if I had been tried in Scotland the verdict would have been ' Not Proven,'" he thought. One only means of self-justification remained open to him, viz., to find the real murderer. He fancied that Higlett and Smelt looked at him with unfriendly eyes. They were aggravated by the loss of the reward. They would turn their attention in a new direction, no doubt, but considerable time had been lost while they were on a wrong scent. Maurice Clissold could not quite make up his mind about those Bohemians of the Eborsham Theatre ; whether this vagabond heavy-father might not know something more than he cared to reveal about James Penwyn's fate. He had given bis evidence with a straightforward air, certainly, and the girl was above doubt. Truth was stamped on that sorrowful face,—truth, and a silent grief. Could that grief have its root in some fatal secret ? Did she know her father guilty of this crime, and shield him with heroic falsehoods, only less sublime than truth 1 She stood by her father's side, a little way apart from the crowd, as she had stood throughout the inquiry, intently watchful. (To be continued.) 