HOW CIGARS AREs MADE, Mfoo grow-l hohylsh'l ot cigors os thoy lo About wntdorsl ; n od lreturos nd cnwrml togs. and other thlogs alboct hichl thohong. ladetni o oloto s m ore oexcllolncis anod pr. feotioos than thoy reolly posocs, snld Ihol In them Ilovoros, tld soolings, tood lcooll. ols whllichk ordlinry peplo oro rot to dis. cover. Ill thser Is anothor sioe to thoe pir toro. It thly oodrrotool hoo- o 1 dfncow made in Necr York oll other Autow ca cit. tss--Cinoinnoti, of courso, oxpotwd-lf thley noe that oo los- totlhs of tholr Itotoooo ow giveo colour old fovour by hie 1rt of lth. olyhttsl tond tlht tlh fillings sro ofton roth tog hut tho rofuso of Cuboo tobcco If thoy ould tlook Intto thu tenelmen horses owhow thoe manufooturo Is crriet ro, 'ottl squalor nid dlsaroso, Ito rowots wherero foolis aro orowded, fool cookwtg, oroshing, ironing, nod tho lecoilg of ohttdwsw onrrolaot lso tolbaco shobsn out antothunggot to fry side hy sido cotls lbseIt fwIon dho rash, nod saturtatd, so to speok, with thto cpoor aod foul atr of onrentolstol rwom,-ll thIs would ho oste lltlculated to dIotarhl bIt Phil. osophy, and glrO to do wwllhttfonts a ghost. I aslggotiin of stillllpox, Iwoslos; tipli. tliottol soor, osol other sdoctionf:lo od rot. toglosts disooss. yot tfts plttlotro. soploosoltt nld dllsgrsknble as It In, loss nototsoggsrsts 11:0 fools. Stttoo tlto otriho ntoafg the oigor toakhoo It Nso York ltoer horsflono slostran SIsolooures tmode by tltbo ,kasr. throtgh tlts thtlloprinto of the ooy tho bthelssa Is matagwl.. It Is more profitoblo to the mwo. tfacturef to Is ha tlso crork Jloa by thelo ooployls liotog to ovrcrowwwt towoment Ihotaes tlhan to root or build footortos, std tavo to poy theo smny toc dstrtalstrponrcs of moopittg suct Itrgo caroliskltoutotts. The ohy. metal, too, I, Inrrgoly instrumentaln in. praltic. Ing aigaro of : the -beat it flly.", At trifling cost It can colour thle tobaco any shada re. qttinrl Iby tlha rtorkst, froms tlho Itost tlslirols soofohkits lrown to lbs ldnrkorotlloads of peri. qttsL ofor rocra htkcan otb olor th, lolct totltre liforstllhosoof tthe tttot taoaon. Ifs defies tlto skill of.tho 0xp0rt, tnd tihe hwtn atolysi of thoe ouotttouar. Thou " Itoooo favoor," rouro told, Is ktcitrol by putting Itlo thle tIlling onosightht ptrt of rrfutsoCusb thme other oooenolgltls hotto outr otivopbtro. dtl, osudf toooto tlto rst of thlo work to tlot coymtetttot Clucoatt Comuerotoosl.: I At a spro tl oooelln of tho cothllt thea reoilgsntton of Mrr, Otrgoe, the esotlott tornlolurk, ol rcolvetr 'h.t so telrf rtoh mitro hlntu ieon nptolenitet to trethre othrc tlrttios of the tutkr, antd ollovite nopplitcolt for iia vacancy. Sduoputnli. uof tenglrtrIoy, heenedl by the Mayo~r of Fitzroy, precncltal theo i'minforu on 'Troadotey orrtt reeolttlos arritve at c ithe rocet oetoga. Site Itryn gvo te tle ex preion of fopiton tohits I rtretipinreea .. f Now Intoo oeot.-U . olenoog. Westton ath. street goetetl fetleors liabilitietls, o£ tt . IOt t assets £40I 0, t i. c the tosrrotaton to itsetln iteorcaerng in Intfrotty, and to Inoot I tng ooeey, eotwprtt. stNeaiilg toth olortaolo tlA trlnt to lfocerlo. t t to ersto ttle reelli. 'ftelo tior ota thao ca rird the ftouw of Colgelm, eot ha retoil thoe pritooipal btlldiltjn t Iv the grouit. A staoteieot has apetnp 00 s000 eottio. crity to the Londo pss, trhoot I thI (totd ll touvt Idtaln ttheteootet.oto e nkitog their prpoe nlof thoiatlitctrattet ofltlio ootoore as Itforogueo ag anst soatmtotleotstntotol ito tho Htooo of tuououos Cetitooct otilltttoit, pon wtieth, tf olofootoo,. tthy woofo rettres 't t ihouocer, has been so totey. deted, tie (orcnotoft tolttg ol oat the sobojee it Intrt, toatedes to th b onifcooms fun of tht ow totloec, ta out e nttittlly for ttollooso cteol to Ilotetoine, fre roofl aney teloaftotlt inos.t i Theo vstto Berlen of-Mlr. tlotoeo0 toe tote sfopectl arnl resndor to ttoe iorte, noe ce Associatist hastbtn re oeid toe£oit A n itfrlna tlavung a polctlnl ·-njgloflliion, nd to was oraiiul wthl beiny oothortect to boeo reprooonlntlons to t loisootnno (lovoro. fom t o il the Egylptian ojstloo fSir Ctoorloe ,)like fo stoote l, looeer, ito Ie lyto a oren. Eteino to the oaose of Comio modi, foea toe vtsit is poroty of a orevnto fn srctef r. Ajolont o oohaoosloeno desptchtlieod toy fthe Trelith aool trrorc (lo ttonosr t to the other uoooopeao poerrs oxloteoot y of thoe poloty phroed ho, them la n he R)pt. at The Italy Egy +lion n rtlsry ree likrly to remove all restuhed oua win th cinn lo, of the prress fo(ttgr in Itroland al follow onoentothr witth ntotfol freooenocy. A eoliemaoone ties teer murderedot, d o ontlotreit tooleo to assoote totieoiooot tdloyot, oeeeo'ly oto, Irle tolporryt resident onminstrato ot 'loe t.uorrotlo to Iosookll i t otll oayoip. t lrroaret, atn oreotretofeoeoonirhote ti eu dlespntchle toy tioh Ahstrten (ooevtooieott. All thio employos of tho A. A. Cooopotoy's olliery Neocnatle, oreru looked otlt loo oct. ilro, to eo feoe of girting o foartseo ayvs nottce to tohoooonnger ono thi lfth thaot. heo flot poll of the nroteooyrs at Alhtry, ooeodebr the toca r opotooo oltsioe of the Oeo tU. cennsog Act rsic ed ioon a very otreotledo fresstoooof otpintin ang otinost t le oerroueof miotttoieouers. No oooow Itocooasr eeoo fthor farolieg eod for ohres years. AC 0 oooettoo oof toe oyotooy Ctty Coooottil on Febroory 2ndot plropoal wan roeseive trooo' no geotlooooso too Londo n inttcstot too thle formottiooo of syoottrntss, oLtoritg to tlilht thie streets of Syofnoey nodo thle puoltt booototldogs oott electriotetylt a cost ot 2.0 pee coot. leas thon the eootraot pore of A Sydotoey ltelotertott tolehetoe foro onoe sotltofotarytast, lttoetocttllyasooot o iosally. Tohe (toveoor toeeecoorooteot to tIointo its fotrro. Sir l'ttricdekoteotnga lstaoio lectl prerident, oiot Mr. tooglt Goorgo vtofoi co. etitont. " ' N Nowr SOtlh Watest Iottkety to soandieeosk ot 5,0000f Ttttes of wino to thoe Bordeaux Exhlibition.' P'rofessor Popper has enEtire~ly failedl to carry out hisCot nrvltialg erpriilsi~a. Au. omrfetl tospection of the Toooonloo forces toes beien uno o lorinog tfoo opat tort. ifght toy Coloorl trrotootey, who oos 00. preonce hotoooerff ll ro t setts d withf file sltoc otrooy of the voloooteers. Tho IBoukly wrt1f cone, oloa of .'il l ·-·- vl!· tslen pllvestill re· njuntoo ýOO...IOtqOi frinies, sffill 2 (diugiiuttloel. Notfoo boo 'Ireco given tionto will too fovoor of tlnloer, who hIa obooe died, toee foro, foooio. 0The Tosooisoofc (Covoorooooosoot o collo tretootctwitlh tfoe Australlsn ttetet Ctrioop., for toopedofs, teletric Iittt, anod all ttoc mecrmry npppornis for tlfcncn purposes. A. few or o lendinllg citizens of totort orve ofeteotomioro to erect noew tlentre thoer an ifor tlht tiopofi Iomeolo oforeeola ompa woitht a capitot of .t.OO( l. Tfoo tflentru wrill oecupy tihe atto ooext floe Shifp Hfotel ito Cot. linsstrect. Tioe eleborafte Itniotom clhief, W'reooIoo t(logl, oliooseoloootto oroeertrot 000 on tlhtloth Jeanuooery, seas thoe innoo throogloghfoose Reinsureoo tloe lint Notioo owar-tlhat of 00000-owas foe. foll NrowZeaotaond. 0'otreooooo htoo0oo Itsivot forooneoy ycarst I peoeoful seclsiono. Anotlher rose of Ooeiltnfox it reporteo frooo fhloe oorooiautnttntiofo. Oboe of floe otfooo oteoot, ft. Coek, tooo cootrasteo tho ot. soose a ttfiotogo Ito toes booon free ronct Ilaterl. Arroogeoooooto ore n foeo ooiindo for all 0ll. aoil rtiftle mtch fturo cltleoogo tro- y, to. toreeoo Victoria ail toSotho Auostralia. Tioa tolrtttoiooftooo is ptireo diog rplidly with its tuoestiooettot, std is o ototooog a tartoeooioanoefcoor ice. - 1tleo amount of wooot soldt to thoe lonioes I 31r. IounYoaf orYegr anoo Hofornt, Herr. street, stateL to floe torilt coulooooiosoo thaot coloootl oikoionsodio softtleotlor are groatly ntfcrior to tleo toooortedt artcole. An c onnos quantity of rolentootoes we sent tlls enso oooeo tite Amoun0t of oxtra crork for floe carriers, reprettlly Ito toe sooburbs, f.u very toecy. os doleot of the Yeooog Mcoo'o Choristito Aseoitlouefoos teen mincr c to £400. A snoot for oteamoges tlhrooogho o collisoo, 06010nst the ototoorosn ooottona company ton tie colooty eourt on Toosotyfell tlo reoogho Iron thoe tnaooolity of tihe pltiaoott to poovre tfoe ooroership ot ttoe'ooo. Thoe goerooooeoot of Syonoy Itoteod to reoot a maoooo ooas toe rcsietoteoe of Cooooroo Erskino. floa ooorot reofult of too locoi ototfon pot. oog to Sydtoy is Adrerse to an icrmeroe of hoetels. 'fTio P'rotectioo ontd P'oltticl Reforo Lrgoie of Sydney tooteod Invitino g Mr. (boo. hao IMerry to a polt otto cetog thor. Fouoooo to oyo ts ore ff000 of tl oo00 copper dlocovrerteio *Jaeooo n, Sout0 Auestmdin. . Mr. Huntt , toe tote Chliof Secretaoy at Snoomo, finn issued otolrrlt olnlueo g .:8,0000 an otoooegcofotoi High Coo mso ontooer tfoarof for iitenlolanrltli fal l bprieotlmelr oil boaordt A Coobo ot . opo 0 A leaguee to sopport tfle prescot eduoootiooo net ht its ontofgritoy In bto n oe nnno o It to teat. Mr. Befilt Is at hroecait Oil a rnlsiltcrial visit to Sydne y. Iltaooonlofec t is to e or onogo for fle jootion at \ ef lo '01otogo o At. tooory. to Is nee tci~tecttlno toe emiorny workholoy,.fouodrieso nud cool corks. Mr. E" nn, tfoo treasorer of toleoool h l Leogoe wlho tltotnrih 000000tintcnegutonvotl neroefl loontobon aokedt to contast Meath fo the Woll L ague interest. Tloe ooroiomttoo of tho Enonperor of -Ifoosot whitch coS fcxe to' toke plaeee' :t oosoer corly too the oprtoog.toeo boeen foatpaosteooottl Septcootie.an t0leta 0a0 reonoe te fear Ntlofttf plots dlirecteod gotost floe life of ther Czar. Wfork at thle 'Pooomno ouol Ii proeeedintog slowly; npatluy has taken "the- plnee of thee energy n t tint displayed, an~d thew idn grea oeep of,,tcknoss amonoogsf toe lrorkoorIo. Moolre to elcoy pretotlnltlty of lt oootofol of. ft topropoeoot to kolot ft 0ohfo 000 tOaU Itoloesc to '0toy mloxtofor 0000) esoofe floe otefete 00 tfoe oootolreis too rePty to ft is Q9eoooo s~ec opoooi toos keeo ceoototlr , ottots teoo t~ootog taetoo too totofoto flloe ooooooofor o ootee recerotoif ooMonrrYsoooott Aoo oooorooot ooocot ooooecf toy the o Ieo ffoooe ttole 1dtoior hAtr. Jooetfo Of Crtloy. otoreoteot 06000000t floe fototo pot toy of flobure korooooooot, 0000 reirootoo otteo aooooeofoeeoonloooo I oogoeek 00 ItI pefoototy ticr fonr tKoogeooi of ftoe eooot of floe Ioooeotlo toeotn ast lrtekfc tooI tots oooofofo toith tfoootooo· -tU~Ye ortttIID IFone Clloc Ce~doooto oooiof oottoer-oiotootoo etot I'titornra e10 A CItts.--ttoogtas Jorrold wrote tittl pleasantly of ohilh lifo:--".ttiinn sf foo thn hond otat gopvtt wos p gtioie for it ohifid, for tlhnr In olo rsnoug ohen anad whom ft tony op i ie doom fortl.Dons not infoist ovony 6olty rnlialllher nano kltal~henrlesi Hour one lonybnil 0lll IIIIP1110 hit11.hminito 0011 whot sofieod bitnt a fidodiios In tino ilnov of ofiftd.in- ot if Tim worier of ith. rrooniont fhifolof, at litlfe otonont, as a froofoottetl ind ofnsding at tofe w oinnnf ferom oft pfnr little oinlfrn l fIfa notice vfllfng, firre, offfth innglmftoyes,fheo gnrfd ni ttfe ilown whfo oo were ill alll there quickly in tholllrlghlblaM of n ~ ~ ~ ~ i onia it moni n ''o ites or cos ofaSitiobnn nontifttg. Tlnt frnoeaensr~ctnin forth trout ifofitftle colfego. Ifo won a noont. nottorfiy fraef mid ofotit tfo nbolfo ifoy at lorkahitho t onofs. Ioe was come1 Ifto tfhe ginltfnto finter fonowers to sftck toI illt coot nohefio f to waoot tofnmt. ffino saw tile Io, sinif tbrookfog oil ttto~foot of itsa inirmtiafoti, ot was stre fn ofdwifi red s001 wnitfo, fIn gnvo ft ta. f in. Nittinr the givter nor tte morfor oifc.nnd n f, innti, no, ith, foondiftg stops fntfefoy mroiohonr Atf 1101Ad fiinm nat ontfstafoonfron tfit fiomino,l ftor no manyn inootf onfso mniny years, theo foelig of gmtf. Itu fhifofel;ieftated tife bnret of that flmy uxpm~atace itse pnfnnr. Ttaironattoni too otnco noitioroef, tot tnt' it fdoomts anfrroti,"1 " U~tIta.rin-.totioof tfioonrtooftioa off f hueo rfo Rotlhftitoo Is to Ist si alitffo of gnito ontrceiy torger tfni thie tlitti10ff1 in,off-in. fof ofl for a nnofotcfchnfn ipfmndlloge. Tfii letters a0 so ininnll ia tooeotonbl grotna of Band, anti few, of coourac, ran steel niter theml puesihto to. rlnntllbnte thle typo After. the rlllion tot bient worhof ott ft oias rinotontof to tfio fotittfry. " .Clnoeatni otto ATJlntoII 1no1 ttn.\T.-Tn montotiiftiit It 'onafid 5001 thnt there ar0 perils ttoeigti.int omootog ftio onnoo II n1,0 motntoonwortiysenimma s. tfntnovulotifigeos fIaos a otionit fortmtny., to ft tainy tnt tro trtttge that two brottero, Anltroirl liy Hlml, lately scinli front Itootmn for Ifnvre, tit tile Nnutlltto-eid to bIe thoe iniallotta ossol thIt evrrintfrtopttt to cross tIhe otlftnlife nor strill go, either, thnt 2,fttl poplongolfnmd ot tIhe nharf to see their detoartmr, Thin coat to ft feot 2Iftintii, one lltfot 4 inchos feelt. "A PItt.ti, C01000.- It M tioyit to grin.s rotly hnown thant thenreointnottyfniir nonfo. 0115 pltnts ntniho fItnnoent ofilt saonriesfoty at thie differet hrotir of theo toy oti itghit. TI in ly lin otelis ot five o'clook In Itho %ior. onig. Mlhfiiflt Itf lotogs to thoe "Carlo grentntffrio," or nithtboiortngin ccrios, whtoso toog'fitiftnt fonovr opnfitti otmt dft hi eos n saohfin per fmmofioon after inoitot, go. itootty unifotis otot thett closens untif beforo desnyitono, wis, ftstonio mitisitofin is otofl. Ttiu Afrfiatt tarnrgotit oitlls ot sootn o'lonk Intole eoveinog And oloecs at fear, If ttio wettnor fo fafr. tf ittdoin not ootn raft is cootnir for tto houxt toy. It Is oafl the ftloweirs of tte noaterrlily clofe no ll oitk tifle the nontcr prtoisnoy ot smasef, ris ngoin to toe otrfuo ad exolot nd ot nftftonorisr. Itniidet thie foot tnclic tiero Is a tloral tntalenr, inottionite, toftig toorhedI tby its own por. Ifolfarfolower. itolitti v1te WoInI..-,Jlnifonacturee trmoot theo world roiitnd otidty, pooffitugg our most enlitorifing travellersti, Itittotltoreor of Aftica, loltor iftotios, ntItt l.otlnio stan1mp, 0re ot alt thie rsoyl fabto. Thin cottoit of ndita it famvi 'inyot y IBritish thipfrtonnl hatt oar pltfiul, to tat woivonii Iiy ftrittttt otll Ifi the ftotoroifo of tatoostito. It ts ontti sot tin inoition fIy ritis h cfapitl fAt tnntsportftl to tihe nory olains wheormo ft grnreonot Is re. I~trofinontl ly toe lords of thi soil whoich. tons ft titrtlo t a ontaper prino ithlt tant at wloich thitnr noarser -tanosintnry: enobls thaeti to tiiottiinctil it thmoaelves.. At Caltithn, nntison tItii otlon loth etintvl califo torives its hiome, tiin prifo of Intnour Ion fifmution of thatfnt 1 ingRnt i, yeot fln mrotnt fo onplitif from, f .ritoea . loo fo n t Twoc '1'Hsvrc.- \nhttlr to a WwolllDrhl oniooouito. Tit blue oani trio itns the intoincly of Atsortiftg momistor, init ti,i r Ctii are rolotrd tiwthfich tiintoantt mnorshty pnoceo anv foniimidn peraonoinnrely . tryleg plmtnffiog fries of ttide rstotos 110aw tfieni, attfioiigti tits tioftl of atmrthogI lins not yot constinto gnieinrtioino. 'Itlo rn tree orft'erki piosinoai tfircotly o1)tmipIto promfraes. It to crd thallt sloietao edrops from Ira leaves And nfnucites all tho titn, andt thint to mano iiontinoas tti froulntl trundnt it bInrome a ooniimp. It nonld Appoar frotm these facts itinthyjfffoinimoinu of theoo trees, which tti so oppmoitfo Ii iontlro, tine wrt pthnios of tte canrtir niah inin t dry ojot ttie fry Ipfoor out- tlbtiboiti tony Iie tanhrl tnto nwanmfo todl nronmp ipnto tu tsrto. Tito miii true, it liit pleiltir property is If d to n llcreaso ois tiinoinry ssoot migiht fin aeRiunsefuil for tngtiortna. A orvaInnlna 1110 like a mgin yottigiiotity. Itonis tover intin on witi a iotl tono of ty it tineanro uolce more profitabf thoilcoin lkesueo they are so muchl morn easily doubled.. A Srt,,nll 1Ifn.-Chnrrlca tlmnayfullyf, "ttlono mitrmonlly did ntatintooelt,. otnin -Jtamitt "'If Yo roally wiot to inst sct tIhe billt fr my thifngs, Cthorlos, thoro is a only to ato It."-Atd wotnt olse cold tito do bat propose oit thie spot? Theore ts moniidcrnfo ai ofotii of optnioni noinriiltiff tfoinocritsoftltmncotrnoasa lmoleo s of ovmrcommig of oetino ioIn thie tiouti of Comnmonits. Althoungth Sir Btntool Northi* cone, iihe noonrotliro broledr, tiao Iiitininfo his intention of ophlsing it, lonely of bits followers are IIneelirrs to support ttie Cooer. inenat in thtrFrofforto to supproso tiht oh. stlctifo tactics. tine joint Atghi-Frmetlt inoto to tIb Eorop. earl ponrero aubgeats a gellenl oonffectnneeto steelwithl the .gyptlmr qacation on thle hutsa of tio estotelo 1.. Ifttnr to Intself, oimd of ithoff, tins, oli to. Ilino, less tonnor ft, ditermin itig matrimnonal than at fIrst tttgit tt iiutghtt 000ur eatural tmht ft stiounf hao. 