The Hon. W. Forstcr. The following sketch of tlio late Hon. \V. Forster is from Hoaton's •' Men of the Tunes":— " Hon. W. Forster, memt^r for Gun dagai, bom at Madras, in 1818, came to Australia -when ho was about cloven years of ago. Like many of the public men of this colony, he was a pupil of Mr. W. T. Cape. At an early age ho entered iuto squatting pursuits. Whilst bo occu pied ho did not neglect literature. About the time that Mr. Robertson was acting as the delegate of the squatters, and ap pealing to the Governor for rodress, Mr. Jforster wrote a satire having the same end in view, which he published in the Alias newspaper, under the title of " Tho Devil and the Governor." In this piece he displayod his power of using^tinging words. Mr. Foster also wrote -a satire entitled " The Genius and the -Ghost"— a dialogue botwoen the genius pf Sydney and tho ghost of transportation.'' During the Crimoan war ho wroto^ .sonnet in more solemn strain, on national grandeur and decay. But his genius for satire has beon nioro allied with the logic and elo I quence of public orations than with tho art of versification, in which he has shown that he can excel. Shortly -after tho in troduction of Responsible Government, Mr. Forster made himself known to the ; people of this country as a loader in parlia mentary conilicts. At different times he represented East Sydney, St. Leonards, tho Hastings, Queanbeyan, Illawan-a, j Murruuibidgoe. From the time of his! entering Parliament Mr. Forster was a keen critic of the Cowper administration. Agreeing with that administration in political principles, ho was ever on the alert to detect inconsistency in their practicos. When tho Education question j came on,* the denominational tendencies of Mr. Cowper'u scheme offered an oppor tunity for attack. That government was ' defoatod, and Mr. Foster was entrusted with the work of forming a ministry. He associated with himself Mr. John : Black (as Minister of Lands), Mr. Saul Samuel (as Treasurer). Mr. G. Eagar (as 1 Minister for Works), Mr. E. Wise, after wards Judge of the Supromo Court (as! Attorney-General), and Mr. J. F. Har- j grave, now Mr, Justice Hnrgrave (as ; Solicitor-General). This ministry was, defeated on their Upper House Electoral \ Bill, arid retired in March, I860. Mr. j Foster has not since that time been at tho ' head of an administration,, although tho opportunity of taking that position was ] offered to him in May. 1872,. wlion tho ■ Martin ministry was defeated Jon the! Border Duties question. Ho was Colonial' Seorotary in Mr. Martin's first ministry, j and Secretary for Lands in Mr. Robertson's second .ministry. From February 9, i 1875, to February 7,187(i,,he.was^.Colon ial Treasurer in the Robertson ministry, and on that date was appointed Agent General for tho Colony of New South Walos, resident in London. Mr. Forstor's | talents have been chielly displayed in op- | position. In the strength and culture of , his logical powers he was foremost in Parliament. Sinco his residenob in Eng- j land he lias published two or' three'poetic i works, notably " The Weinrolf,"—tra gedj-r" 