OPENING.OF.A NEW CHURCH. e Os Sunday last the completed portion 0 of St. John Baptist's Roman Catholic Church, Heidelberg-road, Clifton Hill, was :opened and consecrated by the [ Most Rev: Dr. Goold, Archbishop of Melbourne, in the presence of a crowded and devout congregation. The building e is erected on a magnificent site, com I manding views over a large extent of ,f country on all sides and when completed will be one of the handsomest 'edifices t in the colony... The design of the a building is of an ambitious description, a and the. estimated cost is assessed at f about £22,000. e The architecture is in the- decorative a style ofthel3thcentury. Thedimensions , of the.interior,when the building;is com a pleted, will be 136 feet in length, and a the width 56 feet from wall to wall, r with a height of 40 feet to the roof. \- Between the nave and side aisles; are a two rows of handsome circular pillars, ; which are of extra fine axed Malmsbury bluestone, with bases and moulded caps, ; presenting a very pleasing and striking a effect.' From these spring arches of richly moulded freestone, with labels on 9 both sides. Freestone corbels are fixed I in the walls for supporting the shafts of the hammer beams of the roof, on each I of which will be carved figures of f angels.holding various musical instru ments, illustrating the 150th Psalm. s Besides the High Altar there will be two smaller chapels, viz., that of the Blessed Sacrament and the B.V.M., the I ceilings of which will be pannelled and richly ornamented. The windows of i the church will be in freestone with geometrical tracery of various designs, those in the sanctuary being filled with stained glass having full-sized figures. a In the tracery head of the sanctuary a windows are trefoil openings with I stained glass illustrations of the five joyful mysteries. There are ;two sacristies, one' for the clergy, thb other for the altar attendants. At the north. west angle of the building will be erected a handsome tower and spire, the base of which will be 20 feet square, supported by massive buttresses, and ; rising to a height of 160 feet. The I floor will be laid with a handsome tiled s pavement. The materials used are all of the best description obtainable, and the entire work evidences skilful treat ment and careful superintendence throughout. The architect is Mr. J. B. Denny. At present only a portion of the building has been made available by a temporary structure of weatherboard within the stone walls, so that the intending communicants will be enabled to 'participate in the sacraments of worship, while the remainder of the structure is being gone on with. Father l O'Meara, of St. Francis, Melbourne, has very generously presented the altar, tabernacle, and other requisites neces sary for celebrating divine worship. On Sunday morning, for some time prior to the appointed hour of com mencement, the worshippers began to gather, and by the time the bell had ceased to call the flock together, the building was crowded in every portion. The Archbishop, in full canonicals, assisted by the Vicar- general, sur rounded by the usual number of altar attendants, recited prayers, and then very solemnly dedicated the church to St. John the Baptist, amid an almost breathless silence, as the congregation knelt in adoration. Father Shaffrey, O.C.C., read the epistle for the day, I Thessalonians, chap. 1, and a portion of one of the gospels, and then preached a most impressive sermon, mainly of an historical and exhortive character. The Rev. gentleman, who has a musical, clear accent, combined with a good style of action, completely enlisted the atten tion of his hearers. He narrated how "the Gospel came," as St. Paul said, "not in word only, but also in power and in the Holy Ghost," and then went on to elucidate the spread and effects of the religion of Christ, from the period when its Divine founder first preached to the common people in Judea's plain, and when the Holy Ghost filled the disciples on the Day of Pentecost, until the present epoch of time. How that the powers of the world tried in vain to stay the spread of Christianity by per secutions and martyrdoms, but he gloried in the fact that truth was successful in overcoming all things, until, like a wave, Christianity had reached the uttermost bounds of the earth, and he prayed.for the time when I all should know Him from the least unto the greatest. The Roman emperors had endeavoured to crush the doctrines of Christ out of existence by every means in their power, but the trial resulted in their own overthrow, and 4 on the throne so long occupied by the Cmsars, Peter now sits, and will con tinue to reign until the final consumma-. tion of all things. He tirged upon his hearers the necessity of showing to the world their adhesion to the principles of Catholicy, and strenuously exhorted them to attend all the sacraments of the church, and bring up their children in the faith of their forefathers, which was as pure, chaste, and unpolluted as when first received, nineteen hundred years ago. The Rev. gentleman was attentively listened to, and his remarks produced a 4 piofound impression upon his hearers. Father J. Heffernan, the pastor in charge of the district, celebrated Mass, 4 the musical portion of the service being I undertaken by St. Francis' choir, with I full oichestral accompaniment, under I the leadership of Mr. W. R. Furlong. ; Signora Coy and Mr. E. King assisted I as leading vocalist and violinist, respec- . tively, and when it is mentioned that i the Mass wias Mozart's beautiful twelfth, it will be easily understood that it was most impressive. 1 . At the conclusion of the ceremony, t His Grace the Archbishop, in the name' ' of the congregation, thanked those c gentlemen whose zeal had resulted in t the erection of the church, making r special mention of Mr. T. Verga, and a the architect, Mr. Denny, whom hes said had been most energetic in pro- I moting'the work, and to whose zeal '1 they were all deeply indebted. The foundation stone was laid by his t Grace the Archbishop on the 27th of. a February, 1876, the sermon on the a occasion being preached by the Rev. s William Kelly, S.J. The church will t be a great boon to the rapidly increasing d population of Clifton Hill who are p attached to the Roman Catholic faith. o The amount alreadyexpended is £4,250, of which sum £3,300 had been received previous to the opening services, and on Sunday no less a sum than £180 was collected, leaving a balance of £770 now due on the edifice. In the evening vespers were cele brated by the Rev. J. Heffernan, which were largely attended, and so closed a day fraught with interest to our Catholic fellow citizens. 