UNDER THE SNOW. BOBHKT ColiYEE. Ii wab Christmas eve in the year fourteen. And as ancient dalesmen ased to tell. The wildest winter they -ever had seen. With the snow lying-deep on moor and fell. When Wagoner.John got out his team • • ' Smiler and Whitefout, Dnke and Gray. With the light in his eyes of a young man's dream. • As he chough of his wedding on Now Year's Day. • To Bath, the m&id; with the bonnie -brown hair. Aud eyeB.of the deepest, sunniest blue, Modest and winsome and-wondrous- fair. , And . true to her troth; for her heart was true. "Thou's surely not going," shouted mine host. -. • .- .!..'• -• .. • .-.'• Thou'll be lost in the drift as sure as thou's born. Thy lass winnot want to wed wi' a ghost. - And that's what thou'll be on Christmas morn. 'Jit's eleven long mile fra Skipton.toon, To, Biueberg hooses, and Washburn :dale,' Thou had better turn back and sit thee doon, And comfort thy heart wi* a drop o' good ale." -" - Torn the swallows flying South, Turn the vines against the buo, Herds from .nvers in the drought,. Men must dare or nothing's done. So what cares the lover, for storm or drift,. - Or peril of death on the- haggard way, He slngB to himself like a lark in the lift, And the joy in his heart turns December to May. •: But the wind from the north brings a deadly chill, Creeping into his heart, and the drifts are deep, • • Where the thick of the storm strikes Blueberg hill, , - He ia weary and falls in a pleasant sleep. Aud dreams he is walking by Washburn . .: side, • Walking with Bath on a summer's day, Singing that song to his bonnie bride, His own wife now for ever and aye. Now read me this riddle, how Bath Bhould hear• " • • That song, of a heart, in the clutch of doom •. It stole on-her ear, distant and clear, As if her lover was in the room. And read me this riddle, how Buth should know, As she bounds to throw open the-heavy door. That her lover ia lost in the drifting snow, Dying or dead on the great wild moor. "Help! help 11" Lost 1 loBt!!" Einga through the night' as Bhe rushes away, Stumbling, blinded and tempest tossed, Straight to the drift where her lover lay. And p.wift they leap after her into the night, Into the drifts by Biueberg hill, . • .' -Pullan, Ward, Bobinson, each with hie light . . To.find her there; holding him, white and still. " He was dead in the drift then," I hear them say. As I listen in-wonder, Forgetting to play, Fifty years syne oome Christmas Day. "Nay. nay, they were wed," the dalesman • oried, • . . By Parson Carmalt o' New Year's Day, " Bonnie Bulh were me great-great- grand- •.. sire's bride, > And Maister Frankland gave her away." " But how did . she . .find him under the snow?" : They cried with a laughter,-touched with tears, "Nay, lads,'.' he said aoftly, " we never can .-.-..know, •• No; not if we live a hundred years." • There's a sight o'things gan . To the making o' man. Then I rUBbed to my play With a whoop and away, Fifty* years syne oome. Christmas Day; - A Maioh Oadsed b-! a Shoe.—A fashionable shoemaker tells a pretty little story that.reeds well even though it may be a cunningly devised lie. His work is exclusively in ladies'- foot-wear,, and to an inquisitive reporter he said:—"Last year I made a pair oi shoes for: a lady who had as pretty feet as were ever fashioned: It was: a pleasure for me to make the shoes, andwhen they were : .finished I put them in the show>-windcw in a very conspicuous place, where.\ obuld view them at my leisure, pretty eoon a nioelydreased gentleman stepped and began view-' ing them very attentively. Presently he entereS the. store-and- inquired :if 'they were; lor sale. I told - him no, that they were madeior one»of, my cuetomerBi . > Qe - looke surprised; and aBked - the - lady's name. - ^ would not ^ive him ithis much satisfaction, but told him - where vshe'iived,-however, si Was considerably suiprised to learn afier. ward: that he waB calling at'the -house, rand more 6nrprised BtiU, when the lady, aceompanied by the gentleman, sailed at the- store three months latet. -She oalled him * dear' itjheniao Igutss theywejre married."— Detroit fres frets. 