OUR PARIS LETTER. FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.! Paris, 17 th December. It required neither a ghost from Hounslow nor a Rous tan -Ruche fort scandal to innlco known how dirty is the whole affair of Tu nisia. Tho conduct of official Franco therein has caused her warmest well-wishers to shake their heads by raising doubts as to the sincerity of her resolve to abandon processes and am bitions, for which she lias so deeply suffered and so heavily paid. Abovo all, better tilings were expected from the Republic. Tu quoque brute ! At the Berlin Congress, M. Waddington, who was remarked during his stay iu that capital for his piety, proclaimed from the housotop that France was tho only power who at the Congress had no axe to grind — that sho quitted it with clean hands. But we since know ho was all the time working inside the houso to utilise tho Marquis of Salisbury's opinion tlmt England liad no interest iu keep ing Franco out of Tunis. That was, however, the era of scientific frontiers. Tlio Waddington treaty Was kept in port folio, not placed iu tho ordinary official sepulchre— a pigeon-liolo. At this period the Mpablique Franeaisc, with which M. Gam- bettn had ceased business relations, com menced a crusade to depreciate Tunisian stocks. M. Desfassds, a barrister struck off the rolls, was entrusted with this duty ; he also hawked about leaderettes in the samo sense for publication in other journals — the Lanterne to wit — andgavo himself out as acting under the inspiration and representing M. Roustan. Speculators scented the quarry, numerous schemes were started to convert the Regeucy into au El Dorado. Tho Italians were apparently getting the upper hand of the French, when Deputy Renault visited Tunis with the modest demand for a monopoly of tho commerce and currency of the Regency in exchange- for a society with a loaning capital of 20,000,000 francs. Baffled, he returned to Paris, and in a debato on tho Krouinirs indulged in a Delcnda est Carthar/c, Renault lost his seat at the general elections in conse quence of these proceedings, proof tbat simple voters know on which side there is " virtue and Erin. llio Kroumir ball was Kept rolling to ainuso the gallery, but it was only a lever dc eidcau ; while M. St. Hilaire was calling the gods to witness that the expedition to Tunisia had for end to chastise tho Kroumir, as rare as the dodo, he had in his pocket the treaty of the band, which General Breard presented to tho independent Bey to sign somewhat after tho fashion of your money or your lifo. M. Maccio, the Italian consul at Tunis, and M. Iioustan, were old diplomatic friends. Thoy become violent enemies because Mine. Maccio, a virtuous lady, declined the acquaint ance of a Mine. Elias, the mistress of M. Roustan. Tho beginning of strife then resem bled the letting out of water. Mine. Elias is a person endowed with the fatal gift of beauty; sho is the wife of a nativo general, whom the Bey discharged on account of thieving. Tho general's brother-in-law was condemned for forgery or coining. M. Roustau appointed these two patterns of virtue to the highest places in his consulate. Nay, more, he obtained the Cross of the Legion of Honor for General Elias, whose wife he ostentatiously called on twice a day, the husband managing to be — like M. Beuoiton — always out during tlio visits. But madame meant business ; any in dividual or lame duck that desired to carry a job through tho omnipotence of Roustan liad only to pay down on tho nail, but in French moneyja fixed sum, nnd liey, presto ! the thing was done. There was little concealment in the matter ; madame sat at the receipt of customs dispensing her influence in exchange for favors in high latitudes. At this stago Rocliefort opened a broadside in his journal tlio Jnlransiqcant, accused Roustan ot corruption, of abusing his position, in betraying France by abetting swindlers to net profits over the corpses of French soldiers. He offered to prove his assertions. Tlio late Government directed Roustan to take an action against Itochefort for defamation oi character. He did so, was defeated, and mulcted in costs, some £1000. Itochefort aimed at Gambctta through Roustan, hut found no quarry where ho expected j lienco tho trial was political — tho ex treme Radicals against the Oppositionists. The jury was not influenced by political reasons ; it reflected tho opinion univcrsnlly entertained, that France was spirited into the nvasion of Tunisia by the intrigues of adven turers ; that tiie late Government shirked con sulting the nation, and kept hack the truth alike from tho Parliament and the people. The jury was furthermore shocked at the hideous immorality revealed ; of their consul having convicted felons for his principal officials ; of his having openly the wife of one of them for his mistress, her house being alike tlio temple of venality ns it was of shame aud dishonor. The publio prosecutor stated, if Rocliefort wero ac quitted, lie would have to indict Roustan as a criminal ; bnt that did not affect tbo jury no moro than the assertion of Roustan's own counsel, that were his client defeated, ho de served to be shot like a- dog at the first street corner. M. Roustan is tho scapegoat, and his trial and condemnation are expected to ulti mately have important consequences. The Ministerial journals are very wrath at the jury ; but if tho verdict hnd been tlio other way thoy would havo been wreathed with laurels. _ Itochefort, whatever may havo been his motives, hns shown up the Tunisian busi ness, and Fi ance will not bo the worse thereby, as it was all done over her head. Gambetta s Ministry is running well in har ness ; he liiinsolf displays admirable tact in dealing with men. In the Senate he roars as gently as any sucking dove ; indeed ho is as unctuous before the fathers as his mortal rival Jules Simon himself. In fact, tho belief is gaining ground that lie is tainted with Tory ism, which is a vice or a fault following some. Suppose liis radicalism should prove to bo an affair of Pope Sixtus and the crutches? Cle- meucenu is of that way of thinking. Gambetta lias assured tlio Senators that in revising their house he will create no material injury. The reform will be what dentists call painless , extraction. Ho caused the long locks of Clovis Ungues, the poet deputy of Marseilles, to stick out like the quills of the fretful porcupine, by stating he a pproved of Marshall Canrohortaml General Mirabel being retained at their posts, despite the first brave being a distingui of the 1 851 cnuf, d'elil, and the second, presumed to havo cut out a similar project for poor old ' M'acMuhcn. M. Paul Bert, on whom all eyes are fixed, expecting lie would revive tho Scptombor mas sacres of the clergy, hns not, so far, injured a hair of the head of either bishop, priest or dea con. lie assures them tho full possession of ' every right secured them by the Concordat, but nothing more. In tho meantime he bens thoy will comply with that poet, by not taking French leave of their dioceses. When they derire to lake any walks abroad thoy must first obtain the permission of the Govern ment. IV hen your neighbor's house is on fire look . after your own. Tile authorities, sinco the King Theatre disaster, are down on managers here who persist in not carrying out certain arrangements as safeguards against fire — such as lighting corridors with oil lamps, having all admission doors to open outwards, to abolish' the institution of footstools, over which spec? tators over stumble, &c.; There is no law to compel managers to conform to these precau tious ; thoy cau at best only be fined fr. 2 for inattention to the police warnings, and thoy prefer to pay the fino rather than expend some thousands of francs in changes. Not to bo baffled, the police have fallen hac k on their powers, not of closing <- pr-co of amusement, which they could not do, but of preventing tlio public from entering therein as being dangerous places j three thufitrus are thus "boycotted" by tho authori ties. The places that at presentbriiigtheliighesb ' price hi a theatre, arc those nearest the prm- oipul eutiy. Onlyvpei60J!8 who have made their Wills hand have well Insured their lives, go to rhe front boxes, or to the seats next tlio orchestra. Tho polico have taken atock, and iiiul that seven minutes is tho average tu no lor .in ordinary theatre to he, emptied of its spectators, und clevon minutes for the largest houses, being ono half the timo before any serious liro could spread inside tlve build ing. Perhaps so; the matter to remedy ig not time, but panic ; to command calm and iliscipliue at that moment, when " shriek' d the ; timid and stood still the brave." In addition to the usual anxieties peculiar to this comiuonty called festive season, when one iii expected to convert hi fortune into tive- iranc pieces and bestow them on whoever raises his hat, puts ou a grin and wishes you a good year und perfect health— so us to; remain longer Heoceable, we havo tho census ' pupew to hll up — photographing your history, by a fow reuvehing questions. Hitherto ther census clerk called, and aftor the shorter Tor-= qucmuula catechism, noted down your replies ;! it took three weeks to number thus the sove-! reign people. Now the matter will be effected! in twenty-four hours. Each interested fills; the qnery-ahcct, plnces it in nu envelope well,' gummed, and handing it to the clerk or the- concierge, all is said. The envelope is thej thing in which to catch the couscience of the! house porter, who is your bane or antidote ;j he thus knows nothing about your age, stand-: ing or nationality. Surdon's Odotte is tlio newest piece still on- the playbill. He dovotes his leisure momontsj to prove he has not taken the plot from others.! Hawcver, ho hns tho reputation of playing the! cuckoo with confreres. Parents and guar-; dian, children, masters und servants com-; meuce to bo engrossed with the duties and the; sights of the season. Politics, literature,! dramas, music, the arts— all are in quarantines A. aVmtcm ten affaires serieuses. 