V.R.C. AUTUMN MEETING. rBv TEGICOAPIr,i FiROM " FIGARO."J Some sensation was caused in the Moel bourne betting markloet to-day. Sweemt William (Do Mestre's stable) has been bl-cked to win the Australian Cup for several thousand pounds. 100 to 5 is the best price obtainableo now. 100 to 14 v. Suwarrow, who is next favourito; 100 to 9 SSurry and Rosult. The shortest odds on the Newmarket are 100 to 10. Tom Brown arrived to-day, brin-ing IHosperian, Aureola, and Saionara. isho latter was not expected to come for the Ascot Valo Stakes; Surrey has also arrived. The Derby winner, Darebin, has beeoon backed to win the Legor at 3 to 2. I will wire results of the moset important events each day. _ "_ The S/dnvcy Mail of Saturday says: S"About .E100l have been collected for the mother of the well-known steeooplechasel rider, P. Carey, who was Iilled at the last Hobart meeting. Surely poor Carey had some friends in New South Wales who will lend a helping hand to the old lady in her hour of need. MIr. E. E. Jones has for warded .l to Mri. Clibborn, who will be glad to receive any subscriptions that may be sent to him on behalf of Mrs. Carey. Referring to this sad event "Sterling," in the 'itlcral Austraelflq says:-' Everyone will regret to hear the sad news which the wires have flashed from Tasmania. Poor Paddy Carey, no garner or better horseman ever crossed a saddle! As a tiny lad he rode for the writer of those lines, and since then, though an honest and steady lad, and n bold horseman, misfortune pursued him steadily. Seldom getting first-class mounts. his courage made him ride all sorts of brutes, and accidents were frequrent. A bad fall from Dwarroon laid him up, and theno came the fearful fall with Stopwatch at Beechlworthl, through a dog running at the horse. Stopwatch had to be destroyed, andl * only the wonderful slkill of the late lamented fr. Moussi saved Carey's life, hIis skull being terribly fractured. After a long illness he recovered, and ridingias gamuely as ever, was gaining fame and public conSfi donee, wheln his young lifo was brought to the terribly sudden close just announced. Ho •leaves a widowed mother to deplore his un timely death, and true all sportsmen should slhow their sympathy in the practical manner, which, whilst it cannot relieve the abiding sorrow caused by hler loss, can pro .vent the pressure and trouble of actual Swant.'" Thu rAlmercalndai of Saturday says: There is not much lifo in the betting mirklet at the prespnt time, with the excop -tion of the doubles over the Australian Cup and Newmarket IHandicap, which vary from 1000 to 10 to 500 to 10s, if not laid. For -the Cup outright, Suwarrow is nominally first favourite at 100 to 10 offered, ho hav ing reoooeived support to win a couple or threeoo thousand at 100 to 8. Hosperian probably being next in favour at,100 to 8, off'ered; at a point less he would be sup ported for money. The owner of Saunteror .took 1000 to o80 aiout his chando a few days ago, which price is still olforod. For the Newmarket Handicap, 100 to 7 is offered on the field. A couple of thousand was takeon about The Ghost lately at 100 to 5, which price is still ooffered. Stevore lIfIahon has a very useful mare in Elsinoro, 4 years, engaged in the Australian Cup; she has done a good preparation, and on the score of breeding is as good as anything in the land, being by Boratio- Queen of Clubs, by Aco of Clubs-Cleopatla, who was by Boiardo from Bossy Bedlam by Cornborough from Austin's Blackr Bess. but she was only a moderato performer last season in Tas mania. FooTnArLmn s' ATTerNTION - Another death through Rugby football has, of course, brought upon the devoted heads of all and sundry who play the winter game tihe sago romarks of the wlseaores who, in their i6gnoranoo, condomu both codes of rulos, which, if followed, afford the healthiest excitomont and the most scientific sport, without those who participato rendo?ing themsclves liable to any greater danger than thero is in the crioket field or in the saddlo, and the Rugby code which certainly affords more danger than sport. In the case referred to, which occurred at Middlo ton, Lancashiro, the deceaonsed was running with the ball whenou an opponent butted him in tlhe stomach withlhis head, brlnging hIlut to earth, and inflicting such injuries that deoath resulted.-lItot/lerham Ind E ulonat." 