SPOUTING. NEWS. Since last month we have bad another race meeting at Caulneld. It was not only a most ploa-aiit afternoon's sport, but tho raiiing.w'as perhaps rarely if over excelled. Tho incroaso in fho ya!uo of the Selling Baco -brought ; ?» large entry and an equally large field, being won by Harp of Erin, with 'Vikiug 'second;' ami' tlio ' Glioit third,' tliis unlucky ; animal as usual being made a great favorite. The winner- brought £130, and; being entored to be sold for nil, the ..' prop beds reverted to; tho funds of the club. The Hurdle Race fell; to Glenrowan; with Monitor second; In this race Young Alfred fell and broke bis neck. The Selling Two-year-old Race went to Syndi cate, after a close race with Scipio, thus re versing the places of the. month previous. As , Syndicate was entered, to ; be sold ? for nil, the money he. brought; £145, reverted to the club, being £275 made by the blub out of selling faces in one day. Thsre were ,14 runners for the South Yarra Handicap, and a. splendid race they produced, victory proclaim ing itself for Mr. D. S. Wallace, by the aid of Sir Joseph, 8 st. 1 lb.; Bar One, 7 st. 3 lb., second; and Hyacinth, 9 st. 4 lb., third. Actress won the Steeplechase, with Twi light second, and the day closed with the Richmond Handicap, counting eighteen run ners, which fell to John Peel, ? 3 yrs., C st. 11 lb., by Oliver. Twist from Melody, The Ghost second and Harp of Eriii third. After this the venue was, changed to New South WaleB, a meetincr being held' on the Hawkes bury course. Here the principalraco was the Hawkesb'ury- Handicap, with 300 sovs. added, one mile and a-half. This was won. by The Drummer, 3 yrs., C st. 61b.; Sweet William, J$ yrs.',6. st. 12 lb., second; and Hawthornden, aged, 5 Bt. 10 lb., third. There were sixteen runners. The betting was 3 to 1 (Sweet Wil liam, 6 to 1 Bathurat and Hawthornden, 8 to 1 ,The Drummer. The distance was run in 2 min. 33 8-1'Oth sec. Williamstown races came off on Monday, and were a greai success, the - attendance being large and the various events well contosted. Black Prince won the Hurdle Race, the Alton a Handicap was won by Huntingdon, Glad Tidings was the winner ;bf the Telegraph Stakes,; Gpck Robin the Gal loway Stakes, Cruiser j ? the'; Steeplechase, and Whisper the Seaford Handicap...- The Sydney Australian Jockey Club commenced their four days' meeting on faster Monday.. The weather was most favorable, and the attendanoo un usually large, amongat the guests being hia Ex cellency the Marquis of Norxnahby -and suite. The. Hurdle Race fell to Blackall, with Kaffir 8ecdnd,-yAlbyu foil whan running well nnd lookinglall ;o ver a winner. Is nvigator . appears to have'\von;tha:'Ohairj}pagne Stakes with his usual case, 'fleola being, second. 'In the Autumn Stakes Progress. .was victorious, Lord Burghley seconl ; and Wheatear added another laurel 'to his wreath in the St. Leger, beating Someriet/iph whom 6. to 4 was laid, and Mon mouth; . v.:The Donca-ster Handicap fell to Stella. Prima Donna second.- The Sydney Gold Cup had not been run when we wont to' press. Among3t the.events.to come maybe mentioned a meeting of the Victoria Amateur..Turf Club at Caul field on Saturday, i29th irist.y .and the Victoria ?; Racing- C1hIj_ , has; issued i ts pro gramme for its Winter^Stee'plechase meeting on Saturday,' 22nd July. ; It'includes six races. A Maiden. Hurdle Race of 150 sovk, Maiden Steeplechase .-? 150 sovs.,. ? Grand -National Hurdle Race -;'i 300 bovs., ' Grand National Steeplechase 400 ? sovs., Selling Hurdle Race 100 sovs., and a Flat Race of 150 sovs. These sums, amounting to:1250 sovs., being assisted by sweepstakes. This very attractive pro gramme will of course bring forth all the best jumping horses in the colonies. ?:i The Melbourne annual regatta was held at .Footscray ;on Saturday, March J 8, undor most _ favorable circumstances. The weather was ; delightfully t cool, even to chilliness as the afternoon ;wbre on, and the attendance was large, including a number of ladies. The events of the day were the Krug Challenge Cups for eights and'Single scullers, the first being won by 'the Melbourne crew, and the other by R. Johnston, of Footscray ; and the Clarke Chal lenge Cup, won finally by a Footscray eight, and now the property of that. club. 