ENTERTAINMENTS. MISS LOUISE POMEROY AS HAMLET. Miss Louise Pomeroy made her second appearance as Hamlet on Saturday night at the Academy of Music. There was a very large audience, as was anticipated after the admirable performance of Friday night. Miss Pomeroy appeared to have obtained a better grasp of the character than on its first repre sentation, nod a deal of the uneven ness noted on Friday night had dis appeared. Her conception of the char acter stands out in bold relief from that of many who have previously undertaken to play Hamlet, and in army respects there is h noticeable improvement. The scene in which bis father's ghost appears was probably one of the best in the whole, performance. Tho duel with Laertes was also a feature; another pro minent performance being the beautiful scene with Ophelia in which Hamlet bids her begone to a nunnery. Miss Pomeroy received good support from Miss Alice Deorwyu, the Misses Lewi*, Mr W. J. Holloway, and one or two others, but with these exceptions tbe performers were worse than in different. The Horatio of Mr R. A, Vernon was an execrable performance, one that, on both evenings, was characterised by a total absence of energy, either in gesture or langu age. On tho other hand, Mr Elliott's Laertes was a really able performance, although his acting would have told with greater effect bad be mouthed " less in some of the scenes. Mr W. J. Holloway played the Ghost magnifi cently, his deep voice being admirably fitted for tbe bolljw, supernatural utterances of a visitor from another world, Mr G. P. Carey gave a humorous reading of the part of tbe First Gravedigger, and Mr Edwin . Palmer was excellent as Polonius. Tbe King Claudius of Mr Stuart O'Brien was a stately • perform ance, and Mrs R.W. Laurence played to the greatest advantage as Queen Gertrude. Miss Alice Daorwyn made a bewitching Ophelia, u character which she rendered admirably. Miss Blanche Lewis asOsric, and Miss Florence Lewis as the Player Queen, both looked and acted well. 1 “ Hamletaltogether was a suc cess, and w*e well placed, in every way upon tho stage. : The company next appear at Gee long. ’ Miss - Pomeroy sails for . India in October, «;■■■'•■ . • Sf? Arrowroot, rice, maize, rami, ginger, all, growing luxuriantly, in the Government garden at Port Darwin for. the past two years. 