GENERALITIES. Professor St. George Mivart, in his work on " The Cat," sayg that " it bos a language of sounds to ex press its emotions"—which nobody can deny. " What is this man charged with ?' asked the Judge. " With whisky, yer Honor," replied the sen tenuous policeman. Gustave Don? has lately bougnt a villa on the out skirts of Paris, and has written up over the entrance the musical notation—" Do, Mi, Si, La, Do. Be." This, being interpreted, is " Domicile h Don!." A BiriTs Hind Leg.—Scene—Anatomy class. Professor showing skeleton of bird's leg—" What is this a skeleton of T Student—" A birds leg." Pro fesBor (sharply)—" Fore or hind leg?' Student (con fused)—" En—a—aw—hind lee." Gross Ignorance.—Head Master (to captain of school corps)—'"Bedford, will you lend ub your flag withering emphasis)—" Sir. if yon mean our colours and bugleB, you are welcome to them." The Boyai. Wooer.—Wife—".The Prince still lame ? Oh, Charles, how shocking it would be if he had to hop rip to the altar!" Husband—" Not at all. Everything a Prince does is charming. The people would take it as a proof of his affection— they'd believe he lamed himself falling in love!" "Youhave a distinguished company," remarked old MacShoddeigh, who was the first to make his appearance^at a select^ sutler given by his city mend. " Distinguished! The deuce!" said the hoBt. "They are the waiters. Very few of the guests have arrived." A clever actress was playing Juliet to a crowded house in the country. As she lay dead in the tomb, she contrived to ask Borneo bow the scene was going. " Beautifully," he answered ; " the people in the pit have to put up umbrollas to prevent being drowned by the tears or those in the gallery." "Howare you getting along!" asked a widow of her late husband, who appeared to her at midnight as a ghost Ghost—"Very well indeed; much better than during my twenty years of married life on earth." Widow (delightedly)—" Then 'yon are in heaven ?' GhoBt—" Oh! no."! Teacher—"What is a score?' Pupil—"The num ber of runs made at a cricket matoh." Teacher— " No, no; what I mean is, how much does a score signify numerically. What idea does it give you 7 That is to say, if 1 wrie to tell you that I had a score of horses, what would you think ?' Pupil—" Please, tnarm, I should think you was stuffin' me." Brother Gardner's Views on Crank and Cards.—" Am dari a crank present in de h≪ to night ?' softly asked Brother Gardnerasthemeeting opened. Not a voice answered. " Have any of you seen a crank aroun' town din las' week ?' continued the President. No one hod, or at least no one admitted it. " Two weeks ago de kentry was full of 'em. Yon could And 'em on de street kyar, at de depot, aroun' de hotels, an' eben in church. All of a sudden you can't sheer up a single crank. De biziness has got to be unhealthy. The plea of insanity doan' go down wid de Jury as slick as It did. De time when one man kin put a knife into anoder an' make de Jury believe he was bo'n dat way and couldn't help it has "bout expired. De crank runs' fo. He mus' quit ehoolin', stabbin', steslin', an' ein' beard oi in de land. When de crank fust brought for'd de ideah dat de Deity was behind him an' urged him on, it was snnthin' new an' novel, but dat ideah am played out wid de rest. My frens, let de cantankerous hirine* alone. Doan' call stealin' by any odder name. U your hands itch fur money dst belongs to some one else, take it an' skip, an' when de law overhauls yon, doan' Bot np de plea dat an* angel from Heaven urged you on. Legal farces have bad delr day in dia kentry. In sanity, kleptomania, sudden emotion, drunkenness, an' loss o' memory will be poo' excuses befor' incher juries." Tbe President stated that he had received the following personal letter" Boston, February l, 1882.—Bro. Gardner—Is there anything wrong in playing a game oi cards ?—Very truly, Cranberry Jones." " When Elder Lightfoot an' his wile come ober to my cabin," replied the President, " an' we sot down fur a game o euchre, we feet as innocent ot wrong as a two- year-old child foolin' wid a revolver, but under certain odder condlahuns a game oi .cards may result in great evil.. If a pusson stacks de keeras, dat's wrong. If he puts " ' * "" play* the joker up his sleeve, dat's wrong. Ifhepla. a lone hand, dat looks suspicious. If he winks at his partner to take it up or turn it down, it isn't a squar' game. Ordinarily apeakln', dar's nnffiu' wrong m a game of keerdi. unlen you git all de nine an'ten spots, and de odder man holds all de bowers an' aces." -Detroit Free Preu. 