LETTLA.LTZE]; Or, THE RED AND WHITE ROSES. CHAPTER IV.-CONTINUED. "Well, your a chicken-hearted kiddie Smash. You'd ha' done better ,to a' stuolt to billiord-markin'; now and again pickin! up, a,flat, than to lia'.jined our profession. It's, more lucrative, ain't it, but tlien it's so pre cious dangerous. Besides, a. smart young fellow like yerself gets, his clothes spoiled, 'besides running the risk o' a hempen collar 'stead o! that dandy.scarf round,your neck. Ah, Smash, my lad, if yer chicken- hearted and frightened, yer better give up, the con sarn, and take to Sunday- school teaching it's more in your line;" "Who's afraid?", replied the other angrily : " I'm no more afraid' than vou are" ? "Yer lie, yer varmint! Why, yer trem blin' in every limb, now.!' . ".Cotne, come;" said the Cuckoo, ? inter fering j *' don't let's quarrel; .we're all in the samo boat now; Smash ain't up "to'the b'is'ness, hut ho ain't a haid sort. " For my port, if we cotild hd' got the coin .without killing the old devil, I should have been, glad to let him go. What's done, can't be helped, so let's say no more about it>; Sup ,pose we licker up at the bar, and then go and have a look at the takings ?" , The Cuckoo ' was more. observant and cautious .than .the other, and as, Noakes, taunted, the younger man with cowardice',;' !he saw something in his; eye which, he read to, mean Queen's evidenoe.' ; ' !l ! He drew .back then and. avowed Captain' Smash'to go first, and took tlio opportunity to whisper to the other. ; "" 1 Mind what you're afj mate ; the y.oung un, will split, if you bait'him." : " Split l if I! thoiigjjt 'so, cube moif I 'wqulilu't split his. sliull.V . ' " Hush ! come, into the bar' ond" say nothing. We must keep our; eye jonVhim ; never let him oiit'of our sight tiil wo're Bate away.", : - 1 Then they.all went out into tho bar. There were, ther'i only a few,rough-look ing fellows, booijiug and cursing over, the 1 remant of. a pot of beer. V,: . ; It was evident that there'was not much ^business done at that house.; . . >_ The window's were dirty, the bar:engino handles, were dirty, while a few bottles hnd barrels on tho shelf in the bar were dusty as dusty could be. ' > As our worthy friends came out from tho skittle-ground; the landlord'' appeared from the bar-pinrlour in a dirty apron, j He WHS evidently hnil-fellowrwell-met with the thieves, for he at onoe addressed thorn, tanning,over, the bar, and speaking in a low tone. !'Well,,what luck ? Did yer do any gond ? There was two or three wonted- to come through into the jjround; but; I.pold them, then it were engaged for- the'evening,'^. . " Woll, not much luik, governor;; wo done ,a little, and then the old -uian got ekeortd . and; sloped;" /. V Whiitdid yer;do??!'{.'' K-. " VV'. " About thirty quid," ropliod the Ciibkqo. II:" Well, yor' It now,'I kept i ho crib, clear for ? ye,: and should ha'^dono for hours, yet. I thought tho old; man. ;w'ns .with; ye/still;' 'I tnean he never came through the liar." " r?o,.ousB him;! he:woiit out throiii/h itjie, door on the wharf! paid lio'd bo bnck in a minU,:Mnd;thj»n eloped over the palings,into the timber-yard," .. ",f l thought you'd got, a, heavy tbjrig 'oil, from tho'tnoney l.saw in ihia lpurse. "'Any-' hdWiHIfirtj'quid'sJ80!Dethlng.'' i " > "Then ensued a low muttered converaa'tion,.. wbiih,ended in the > Ouokoo,handing oTor;five pound* to the landlord, "Did yo BOO ilie ooldier go ou>?" asked tbe Cuckoo, suddenly, " we missed him all at oneo." "Yes, about twenty minutes ago; became rucning 'out as white os a Bheet, looking quite horrified and frightened. Thought ho'd soen a'ghost or sum nut." The Cuckoo glanced meaningly nt ih« I others, and slightly Bhrugged his shoulders. Captain Smash turned yet paler, and looked out uneasily iuto the Btreet, as if meditating an xsoape. " Ooine on, mates; let's bo mnviDg !" paid the Cucko.>. " It's nigh twelve. Good eight, governor!" he s»id to the landlord. And taking Noakee by the arm, tbey ajl passed out together. "Look here, Jack! there's no mistake about it, 'twon't do 10 lose sight of Bm»sb. He'll pencil us sooner or later, if ho gets a chance, he's so mortal frightened." . " Peach, will .he ! Let's settle this matter up," grunted Noakes, halting abruptly on the narrow pavement, and so. rendering it necessary for the other also to halt. V Look horfl, young fellow ! You'ro in wi' us in tbia business, and thall have yer fair share of swag; but none o' your funking or sneaking. If you attempt it I'll have yor life 1" "Nonsense! Smash ain't such a fool as to try and peach," put in the Cuckoo. " What'd be the good of it ? There's two of us to one, and we can both swear till we're black in the faca; so let's be all pals together. We've got a good haul-enouub, maybe, to make us for life. So I vote wo just all Bhake hands all round, and come round to your cribj Jerk, have a bottle together, and Bharo the coin. What do you say ?" " With' all my heart." What do you sa , Smash?" "Oh,,all right. I'm not afraid, only I don't liko being bullied." " In cnorse you're not afraid, lad ; an' I lilies yqr spirit; so, Mister Jack, just stash yer chaff, an' let my friend hero alone." The Cuckoo was an o&tuto; villian, and (hough perhaps in his heart as ruffianly and murderously inclined as the other,- he always went to work in the sifost manner. He foresaw the danger whioh might result from a timid accomplice being goadod to fury, and accordingly took the opportunity to conciliate the younger rn^n, and, by mak ing him a participator in the plunder, bind him as an accomplice in the murder. . This little affair being all settled, they walked on together through tortuous streets and narrow lanes, till they arrived at a court in the lowest and vilest part of the borough. Jack Noakes led the way, and down this court they dived, winding in and out through narrow alleys and archways, till they oame to a tniserablo-Iooking row of .JIOUSOB oppo site one of which Noakos paused. " Ho kicked at the door three timoswifh his foot, and then .whistled in a peculiar manner. . , . While waiting for the door to bo opened they gnzed around on the dreary, dirty Boeno. The Cuoltoo had often visited the abodo of the murderer, but Smash .never, i . "It air all a rabbit-warren, ainH it ?" saidvJaok with proud satisfaction. ' "Tho crushers oould'nt nail a fuller here! well ; I alius gots feoiminnifs oofiae afore any bobby ootnes into the entrance.". , . , i, " How do you manage that ?" ./<" " Why, do you see, a'top o' these liere houses we can see out into the road, an' as. there's only one gateway, as I may say," to all these here courts, if yer can :seo tlmt gateway, which is,where we first (camo in, yor can see everybody as comes in. Now, yer Bee, there's a good many down hero whioh 'as pertickler reasons, for wdntiri' to know when the crushers is cbrain'-p'raps afore receiving, visitors they wants to;.put their best togs on ; any bow, it suits their book to. keep a boy on, tho look-ou t from one o'the house tops for, the crushers." , The door of the tenement 'was shortly opened by a dirty, blear-eyed, looking wo man of about 40 years, who,; after a moment's scrutiny of the visitors, by the light of a flaring tallow candle, led the way through a passage, down somo rickety olii stairs into tho bnck kitchen. Here we are-home sweet home, as the song says. Old woman just book it out and fetch a .bottle o" white and spiteful' from tho' Hole' in'the Walt.' You know tbe knock well enough, old girl,, if they are closed." ? .. The woman held out1 her hand for the money, and then hurried off willingly.1 enough, i . , ': , . . ° "Bet a dollar the old gal has a suck at tlio bottle 'lore she jbrings it in.' Sh'e'sdll d lushing toii, and no gammon.'"; May I he-if I dbn't think ilio'll sell me-which. if jaint I ought .to..,be;', her lawful husband--lor, h bottle o' .'gin.!'::' ; ~" Womeii is dang'rbus' cards',isaid; the1 Cuclcoo, sen ten tioualy .j *"an',for ! my part'I alius did, and .alius shall:keep clear,o!,'em.. There's many aelever cove as has dodged tlie beaks and crushers for years, got lagged at Inst by. a woman. | Whatever,"you does, Jaot,: remember" this-never let she get a swell' o' last night's, work. If she do, sooner or later-click-you, know.; : The Cuckoo, here made a grimace, and twisted his neck around in a manner un pleasantly auggeative of the Old Bailey. "\L»t-h'er know ? Cuss mo if I; thought she could ,ever kno\v, if I woul' .'nt finish her, too, ihough we've been together this; fifteen years, an' I've give her a few back eyes arid 'thumjdn'gsi.which you know, Cuclcoo, is nfi lm', and makos a man kinder cling to a 'oman."; 1 ; At tlila moment the womanVeturnpd with,, the gin, which, with glasses, 'sheset on the table; . ? ..!, ^ .< Sho' wnjj a wretched. squalid, dissipa'od, feeblo-looking woman.';,':, ..i " Her hair was rough ; and. untidy, her old dirty cotton dfe8s hung around herfrbine in' strnightgracBles^foldsr; ^ , (To It'-continued. / ' ? 