THE DAIRY. A VISIT TO THE DAIRYING DISTRICT. [By our Special Reporter.] A speaker at a late meeting of tin fioyal Agricultural Society of South Australia having stated during a discussion upon Professor J. D. Custance's paper upon dairy fanning, that a very large proportion of the cheese made in this colony was nothing but skim milk cheese, drew out an indignant denial from Mr. Samuel Tapscott, of Mul lendella, near Mount Pleasant, ou behalf of himself and his fellow dairymen in that district, together with an invitation to the asperser of the honour of the cheese makers to visit his place and see clieesemaking conducted in South Aus tralia.- Iu response to this invitation, Mr. Tapscott received a letter from myself, asking liiin to extend his challenge to a reporter from the Observer Office, and he at once replied, stating that lie should be most liappy to see me, and show me the whole business from_ beginning to end. As I have always experienced the liveliest interest in ail that relates to the industrial jirogress of the colony, it afforded me the greatest plea sure to receive this ready response to my letter, and I started for Mount Pleasant by the 7 o'clock coach in the morning, arriving at that prettily-situated township about 1 o'clock p.m. To those who have not travelled tlirough the country between Adelaide and Mount Pleasant jireviously the road is rngst picturesque and interesting, the scenery rapidly changing from the open un dulating plains, commencing at Walkervilic, to the tree-clad hills and fern-covered gullies down which the River Torrens flows. At every turn a fresh aspect is presented to the view, and the eye never wearies in admiring the alternations of rock, water, foliage, and herbage—for here and there are little open vistas covered with emerald-green grass, with an occasional cultivated field or market garden, or an orchard. just bursting into bloom. Down the hillsides in places run little rills in which the watercrcsses grow so thickly and so strong that it is no exaggera tion to assert that they could be cut and tied in sheaves like wheat, and sent to market by wagon-loads. The vivid green of the watercress is beautifully set off by the varied shades of brown, red, and green of the brackens, and these colours are admirably contrasted by the hundreds of shades furnished in the trees, shrubs, plants, l ocks, &c.;, that exist in their vicinity. Not tlnj least interesting feature on the* road is the immense cutting at Au6tey's Hill, where the clifls rise 011 each side to a height of at least sixty feet. As soon as this is passed the country liecomes even more interesting, and comfortable little holdings are more abundant. The farms or allotments are en closed with blacklierry hedges, or very often with furze, which is'now covered with its masses of bright-yellow bloom. The road, almost ub a rule, is in excellent order, and the horses trot along at a capital pace, stopping eveiy now and then at some village or township to set down or take up pas sengers, or to deliver or receive mails, whilst now and again the horses are changed, and the passengers get down to stretch their limbs, or pass " the time of day" with the landlord. The driver seems to know every one 011 the road, and a friendly uod or salu tation is passed with each as we pass them. All along the Torrens, and at intervals along the road, we see indications of the presence of gold in the white reefs of quartz; and the coachman points out where at one time or another some lucky fellow had dropped upon two or three ounces of the precious metal in a patch or pocket. As we near Mount Plea sant Township these indications become more marked, and these have perhaps encou raged a better search, for I hear of several gold ventures existing; but none of them paying dividends. Here the country becomes moie undulating in character, and its litho litic character changes from sand stone, clay, slate, and quartz to gra nite and quartz, with a good many seams of a stone which bears a strong resem blance to sandstone, whilst it might be mistaken for a granite of coarse character, or even sometimes for a course clay slate. My knowledge of geology is too limited to decide wliere doubts may exist, but when we arrived, at Mount Pleasant the granite exists in plenty without any doubt. At Mount Pleasant I found a conveyance .awaiting me, and at once started eastward for Mullendeila, about six miles away. Upon this route there are very few trees, and the country is of a rather hilly nature, the valleys between being from a mile to two miles from the summit of one hill to the other. As we get towards the top o. each 'hill it becomes more and mora rocky, until the ridge is surmounted with immense blocks of granite, which in the distance assume the appearance of farm homesteads, and one can hardly be convinced that he is not looking at dwelling houses, barns, stables, and immense stacks of hay. These appearances are greatly aided by the growtli of a greyish kind of hchcn au<l mosses upon the upper portions of the rocks,, ma king tliem appear as if they were thatched, and the wearing away of the lower faces of the blocks by the action of air and water makes many of the masses appear like well built hayricks. Everywhere the soil exists it is covered with a thick growth of gras3 and herbs, which, though short at present, is very rich and nutritious, and will spring up with the warm weather until it is knee-high, or even higher in some favourable spots. The land is generally too Strong for wheat-growing, but there are many of the settlers who pick out little patches upon which to grow a little wheat. The holdings are almost all of con siderable extent, varying from 300 up to 1,000 acres—some qfen more than that—and a very large number of these are enclosed with hedges of wliin.' or gorse, sometimes called furze, giving tile whole country a most English-like appearance. Qa tbe roadside 1 noticed several nice little fields of i^as and a few patches of wheat'and hay, but as a rule the whole country, comprising hundreds of thousands of acres; itr devotbd to grazing purposes. Although UiOSt admirably adapted lor horticultural pursuits, I saw very few gardens of any note> in the vicinity, hut these were sufficient to give evi dence that there is ample scope for a large industry in fruit-growing. Rasp berries, strawberries, ■ apricots, apples, and all the fruits that can lie grown only in tbe cooler districts with protit can be grown here, and flowers and vegetables also to almost any extent. About a mile from Mount Pleasant I visited a garden of about four acres in extent, owned by Jrlr. G. Phillis, of Upton Park, which is kept in the most admirable order. Mr. Phillis has been here for over forty years, is now eightv-five years of age, and was engaged in hoeing over some peas, when 1 saw huu. He is quite active, and enthusiastic over his plants,, and takes great pride in showing his.tulips, "pausies, rdiimmculi, fuclisias, anil other rare and handsome flowers. Everything that he has undertaken to cultivate seems to have thriven with him, and I I must say that the old gentleman deserves to succeed, for there is hardly a weed on his beils, or a stick on his paddocks, whilst his garden is surronnded by a well-built stone wall, and his laud enclosed with a well triimned and most perfect furze hedge. A namesake of his at Springvale, about two miles away, lias also a very well-stocked garden anil orchard, and some of his Bromp ton stocks were so good that I begged a couple of cuts to show at the Town Hall Flower Show. About two miles further on there is another garden, to which a glass con servatory is attached, but there are only about fifty well-grown plants in it at present, tne building having only just been erected. Mrs. Melrose, who culti vates the flowers, has been very success ful, and I have no doubt that a little encouragement in the shape of a Society would stimulate horticulture to a much greater degree. Mr. G. Melrose is more of a sheepfarmer now than a dairyman, for whilst he grazes many thousands of Merinos of high .quality he keeps but a few cows of a rougii character; in fact, he lias given up the dairy in favour of sheep, which are considerably less trouble, and with plenty of good country more profitable. He holds a large extent of splendid grazing land, and has a most comfortable dwelling and well-built and well- avranged outbuild ings for carrying on sheepfarming. He spoke with great distinctness, however, upon the capabilities of the country tor supporting a daiiying population, and scouted the idea or its not paying nauasoinery to any one iiossessing industrious habits and a little knowledge of the art of making cheese and butter. Indeed, he remarked that without the dairy not one of the hundreds of pros perous farmers in that part of the country could have remained upon the land. Arrived at Mr. !S. Tapscott's I was re ceived very kindly by him, and at once in ducted into the art and mystery of dairy farming in South Australia. I do not mean to say that he showed me the whole of the operations at once, for that would he impos sible, but without, delay lie began a course of instruction which occupied three days to complete." He proved to be a bluff hearty farmer, possessing a large amount of in formation upon many subjects and en dowed with a perennial stream of conversation of a most entertaining character. His farm consists of about £00 acres of well-grassed but very stony land, of .a hilly character, with some immense liouldcrs of granite, and most romantic sce nery. There are a great many springs upon the property, and the water as a rule is of lirst-class quality. There are a few sheaoiks growing on the bills, but in the flats there are numbers of greygums that have been dead for years and years, their white bleached ti-unks and long arms standing out like the ghosts of a dejiaited forest. From the toii3 of the hills a most extensive view is gained to the east ward over the Reedy Creek Special Survey of 20,000 acres of similar character, aiul fur ther over is seen the Murray Flats, with mile upon mile of farms, extending from north to south, bounded by the scrub, through which the Murray River winds its course. The river is fourteen miles distant from Mullendclla Creek, and can lie plainly discerned, looking like a silver streak amidst the sombre mallee scrub. The town ship of Palmer is not very far distant from the boundary of the farm—about six miles— and to this place the children have to walk every day for their schooling—a feat which may well be described as the pursuit of know ledge under difficulties. The dwelling-house is built in a sheltered place, with a steep hill at the back, and a spring running in froat. There is a nice littleKitchen-j garden attached, and an orchard with from 100 to 150 trees in it. Mr. Tapscott is the happy father of fourteen children, thirteen ot whom are alive, and several have been started upon farmson their own account. The whole of this large family have been reared and placed out by the aid of dairy farming, and he says that lie cannot but speak in the highest terms of the industry that has enabled him to achieve so satisfactory a result. Whilst wheatgrowers have failed year after year to make a competence or to live in comfort, the daity- fanners in the dis trict (and there are hundreds of them) have all lived upon the fat or the land, have raised large families, and besides adding block after block of land to their possessions, have amassed considerable sums of money. From a personal inspection I note an appearance of the greatest comfort and prosperity amongst the lieoplc, and every one that I spoke to testified to the fact that dairy-farming was a much more certain and profitable under taking than wheatgrowing. When I spoke of the difficulty of making cheese in summer they laughed at the idea, aud said that it was as easy to make good cheese in summer as in winter if it were made in a proper building, hut there was a good possi bility of making a failure of it if attempted in the open air during the hot weather. A great number of those who began as dairymen soon acquired sufficient means to add largely to their area of land, and then they either considerably decreased the number of their cows in favour of sheep, or gave up dairying altogether on account of the incessant atten tion required to keep up with the dairy work. Even Mr. Tapacott himself has de creased his herd of cows from nearly a hundred to about eighteen, and he does not turn out a fourth ot the cheese and butter now that he used to do a few years ago. He explains his motives for doing this in the fact that his wife, who was his principal assistant, has met with an accident by which her eye sight became impaired, his eldest sons aud daughters have been married and settled ou farms of their own, and now lie is not so in clined to toil from 4 o'clock in the morning till dark at night ,to amass wealth for chil dren, who will be much happier for having to labour a little for themselves; and each of them will be, or has been, started with suffi cient to enable them to earn a competency for himself. There was one large holder of land in the neighbourhood who let a certain area of land, with house", dairy, and dairy appliances, to approved applicants for the same, and kept them supplied with from CO to 100 cows in milk, upon shares, to the mutual advantage of himself and his clients. He had no less than three fami lies established upon these terms at once, and I happen to know that they all obtained sufficient within two or three years to enable them to purchase large blocks of land upon the Gilbert. The dairy-farmers have in the past depended almost entirely upon the natural herbage, and this has more than once or twice been destroyed by tire, when they have been put to great straits with then cattle. Another trouble with a few of them has been the overstocking of their_ land, chiefly through the low prices offering for the excess stock and the difficulty of getting rid of the natural increase of their herds at satisfactory prices. A very few of them combine agriculture with tlieir other pur suits, and some keep a good many Lees, for which the go roe hedges, dowers upon the pastures, and the honeysuckle trees mako the locality particularly favourable. Mr. Tapscott, who has been twenty-seven years engaged in dairy- farming, "and is not tired ot it yet," as he says, did not commence to grow any thing for his cows till a year or two hack, since when he has grown a little hay to Jjive them in early winter. He says that tins has a marked influence upontlie yield and character of the milk, and is an encouragement to him to try further experi ments in this direction now that he has leisure and opportunity for so doing. As before stated," lie has decreased his dairy stock from SO to 19, and his product of cheese from nine or ten cwt. per week to about 150 lb. He makes about 50 lb. of butter, of first-class quality; as I can testify, and keens a good many pigs and fowls, which fie says must form part of the dairy to make it pay, and prevent waste. His sheep number only about 400, and these he culls every year in order to keep his wool of an even quality. His sheep are very good, and his wool brings highest price : but the pigs, fowls, and cows would not, I think, compete successfully in the showyard. The cows are quite of a rough description, though most of them, he says, are fair milkers and well suited for the rough life to which they must submit. It is quite true, however, that they have the advantage of tile shelter afforded by the huge rocks before mentioned, and as a rule have a plentiful supply of food, in the natural herbage. The dairy is an independent building, erected in a recess cut in tlie side of the steep hill at the back of the bouse, and has a narrow space all around it. The roof is double, the first being of galvanized iron, covered with thatch, but leaving a space between, the thatch being covered with earth and the whole shaded by a willow in summer. The door faces the south, and there is a ventilating aperture at each end. Through the middle of the floor a small spring nine down a narrow channel, and beneath the doorsill during winter, but it is dry in summer; and other two channels run along each wall—both inside and out—to carry ore any water that liiav enter from springs proceeding from the hill. The cows arc now milked but once a day, and the milk, as soon as takeu is strained, placed in large cans, with a handle on each side, and placed, in a cauldron over a tire, in which the water is brought to nearly the boiling point—the proper heat is ascertained by experience and not by the use of a thermometer. It is then, placed either in the pans for skimming next day or emptied into a large vat made of tin, when the rennet is added, which in about twenty minutes turns it into curds and whey. When it is well turned the curd is first" gently broken with a hand- dipper, and in time—about another twenty minutes—the largest portion of the whey lias separated, and the curd is slightly salted, placed in a cheesecloth, and hung up on a hook till the afternoon to cool, and also to drain. It is then run through the curdmill, which re duces it to a mass which looks like a lot of chopped beef suet, and it is once again hung up to drain still further, hext morning the curd is ground for the last time, salted properly, and put into the press, whence it is removed next day. The press is a compound lever, and will take in six cheeses if needed. When taken out it is wrapped with a clean cloth, which is renewed every day at first, and the cheese is turned; but as it gets riper the necessity for changing and turning is not so ereat. About six weeks is the shortest time allowed for ripening a cheese sufficiently to allow of its leaving the dairy, but six months is none too long. The earlier it is sold the heavier the cheese; but the maker who has a repu tation to pr eserve takes care to preserve nis cheeses also long enough to preveut its dis gracing him. Butter is produced upon most, if not all of the dairy farms, ana although skim-milk cheeses are not made I believe that skim-milk iurms more or less a consti tuent part of much of the chcsse that is made. This is a practice common to cheescmakers all over the world, but with Borne makers the desire to make as much butter as possible induces them to take even more than half the cream away, and the result is a miserable dry product that is neither chalk nor cheese. I have seen and tasted the cheeses as commonly made by Mr. Tapscott, and must say that they were equal in quality to Kew Zealand and Wamiambool cheeses, for which high rates have been charged. Whilst Mr. Tapscott admitted to me tiiat his cattle have 110 "blood'or breeding in them, and that he does not specially teed them, he believeB from his own experience with one or two cows that both breeding anil feeding for milk would be profitable, and intends to try one or two experiments shortly. 