EPITOME OF NEWS. foDowini Summary of Colonial eirab we ' carefully compile from the 'ndaoi JhsstttlliD journala to hand:— Commenting upon the recently pub lished census returns of Queensland, the Melbourne Annus says:—"The census returns put the condition of Queensland In a very, favourable light. The colony lost no ground, even at the time of its se verest trial, nnd the community did not allow temporary misfortune to divert its attention from the path likely to lead to . ultimate success. Its present prosperity is sound, for it is based on the utilisation of natural resources, and, although it may be disturbed by over speculation, or again . checked by snch ah unavoidable misfor tune as drought, it cannot, be long im pedecL, and can hardly have any percep tible limit in a country so richly endowed by nature." Mr. Harry Levien, M.P. for Liverpool Plains, baa commenced legal,proceedings j against the Cumberland Independent, for libel. The paper named inserted a paragraph respecting Harry's defence in : the late gambling cases at Parramatta, "which he doesn't consider complimentary. £2000 damages are claimed. The Hon. W. J. Clarke, of Victoria, has given £3000 to found a scholarship in < the lloyal College of Mnsic, for open com- : petition in the colony of Victoria. , A savage boar got loose in Brunswick, Melbourne, recently, and ran amuck ^h^'ng^.^^iiJrowd.J,.■ A cow; smashed; its! horns inhiui, hut the '"'taaito ' va» finally * shot by the police, and sold for 2s. to a j Chinaman, who forthwith.; carted it ! home. An extinct crater, with a mouth four- , teen feet in diameter, and having a depth of twenty-five feet, has been found in the i Upper Barron Scrub, Queensland. Two j large caves-have also been disoovered. A few days ago (says the Peak Downs Telegram of June 1<), a little boy, son i of Mr. Paul Veitch, .of the Bed Bock Hotel, Aramac road, ran out of the house .and fell down. . Some of the grass was forced into the little fellow's mouth. Three days after he showed symptoms of swelling in the face resembling a boil. One morning his mother saw a black spec to the swelling, and gave the place a sqneese.^ A piece of spear grass came out, which had worked its way right j through the boy's cheek. The Tamwortj? Hews ssysAn in stance of the most inhuman cruelty to a i dumb beast has recently come under our notice. Mrs. M'Donsld, who resides at the back of the Presbyterian Church, and supplies milk to the .townspeople, has a brindle cow—an animal worth £8 or £9. This cow, it appears, has all the thievish proclivities of other cows', and on Friday night last went for a hay rack of a person residing in MsriuB- street. This person, io a most cruel and barbarous manner, rushed at the . poor beast with a shesr blade, and drove the full length of it into i the animal's shoulder, where it remained until Saturday morning, when Mr. M'Do nald, after nearly five minutes' exertion, ' extricated it. So soon as the blade was taken from the cow's shoulder, blood flowed copiously from the wound. The shear-blade was tied on the end of a stick, thus giving the person using the crnel weapon extra power with it. Constable Crawley has sncceeded in tracing the ' cowardly act home, and, we believe, po lice court proceedings are to follow. The Queensland Parliament opened on July 4. The Speech states that the pro posals of a syndicate to construct a rail way to the New Sooth Wales borderhaypj been declined as too high. It is believed - that the terms of the Transcontinental Syndicate will be satisfactorily arranged, so as to justify the Government in asking during this session for authority to con struct the line. A lady has been nominated at Queens town, South Australia, for the office of j Distnct'Councillor. Captain Kitchener's dwelling-house, at Dunedin, has been destroyed by fire. Three children Were burnt to death. Kitchener, his wife, and baby, were also - injured, and they are not likely to re cover. Five other persons were rescued. Owing to the large number of local i works now in progress, the Pastoral Times states that contractors experience much difficulty in obtaining skilled arti sans in Deniliquin, and have to send into the large Victorian townB, and occasion ally to Melbourne, for tradesmen. A large block of bnildingB was destroyed by fire on Saturday, at Ipswich, supposed to be caused by e dog, occasionally shut in a chemist's shop upsetting Borne in flammable chemical. The " Austral" is the finest Bhip that j has ever entered Sydney Harbour. The passenger accommodation is magnificent. C. E. JoneB has instituted a libel action against the Geelong Advertiser in con sequence of the publication of a paragraph alleging that Jodbs had borrowed £100 to enable him to contest the recent elec tion for Geelong, and which be failed to repay. ® ThB Lithoow Mercury says A Fe male Trainer : Lithgow is rather noted for its eccentricities of social life, and among onr latest novelties is that of a trainer of the Bofter sex. The lady in question is Mrs. Dsllow, and the proof of her abili ties is that abe brought her husband and pnpil so fit, thst' at the last go-as-you please he had no difficulty in defeating such a doughty antagonist as yonng As senheim. What method she pursues in training is not for us to enquire, not wish ing to penetrate into such a delicate sub ject, bnt that it iB efficacious and economi cal stands out prominently. We shall have all the pedestrians going In for lady trainers if this syatem gives each good re sults and there will be more young men runners than can go fast. The South Australian Government of fer a reward of £10,000 for a payable coal field. Mr. Win. Forster has been banquetted at Gnndagai, and has addressed his con stituents, referring to the MHbnrn Greek compensation scandal; the measures dealt with in the last session of Parliament; to the necessity of an amendment in the land lkwa; to the remission of interest due to free selectors ; to Sir H. Parkes' visit to England ; the Public Instruction Act; the long Parliamentary recess, &c.; A painful case of drowning occurred , near the A. A. Company's wharf {remarks FridayY Newcastle Herald) last evening. Frotn particulars that we gather, the fol lowing appear to be facts. The steward of the s.s. Keilawarra, while returning -aboard after dusk, noticed an elderly man near the wharf, and apparently making a stumble over a log or some other obstacle . fell-over some rocky stones into the har . bonr. The water police were at onoe set to work dragging by Inspector Thorpe, and after a lapse of about twenty minutes the . body was recovered—strange to say floating, face downwards. . On removal to the dead honse, deceased was recognised by some documents in his pocket, And from other information as- one jaritt 'Miller-... - sft'i Subscriptions to the Melbourne hospi tal have fallen-off by £400 this year. The result, itis said, of those liquor scandals. Mr. Matthew Burnett, the temperance lecturer, states that 6000 persons signed the pledge in the colony hi South Aus tralia daring his tour of five months. A serious shooting affray happened the other day near a place called Groen Gully, in which a young man named J. Boorke fired at and wounded his stepfather, Wm. Sopp. It is reported that William Sopp, together with his son' and stepson, were at an hotel drinking, when Sopp junior went'away home, leaving hiB father and Burke together. These two went away to a hut, where they had a dispute, and with little or no warning, Burke drew a I revolver and shot his stepfather in the knee. - Sopp was brought to the Carooar : Hospital and attended to, but Bhortly af-! terwards signs of mortification ■ set in, so - the limb had to be amputated. Burke was arrested and remanded for a week. Sopp has since died. The Echo says :—A very valuable dis covery of ironstone is reported from Bake Macquaire. Ooal-minera while tunnelling on tbe Warner estate suddenly came upon a seam 2 feetfi inches thick; a sample of which, analysed by-Mr. Dixon, of the Technological College, Sydney, wss found to contain 41-93 percent, of metal. The discovery has a peculiar. value by reason - | of its being found in close proximity to coal,, the stone being immediately over laid by 9 inches of fireclay, • above < which 4feet!of:coal. u ii ■ J :-y ».i -r-i Achildnamed DaabifiU/*t Port Pine recently, while her parents were absent from home, took some matches to a abed to play with, and ignited' the ahed. - The flames caught the child's clothes, and she was horned to death. A younger bro ther wasalso severely bnrnt. George • Braxton, .the murderer of a prostitute named Elizabeth Sneezewell, at Launceston, was to be hanged on Mon day July 10, at 8 a.m. The -Sberriff signed his death warrant last Tuesday. The condemned man on being officially informed of this, merely turned round and said with agitation, " I suppose it can't be helped." ■ ; • The Cootamttndea Herald says :— Forster harangued for two solid hours. Seventy-five minutes of that rime was taken up in personally abusing Park eg, and that Parkes's political success will bring down Forster's gray bairs with sorrow to the grave. At a meeting of master butchers, held re-; oently at West Msitland, - it was derided to raise the price of meat Id. per lb. in consequence of the high price of cattle. A poor old fellow recently sent to gaol for seven days for vagrancy at Parrs matta, begged hard that'the bench would not allow his whiskers to be cut. His joy on getting a favourable answer was im mense. The Riverine Recorder learns from a gentleman who has come from Wentworth that the rabbits are swarming in the coun try became through. Mr. M'Donald, of Euston, who put in 70 acres of crop on his selection at Bnmbang, on the Victorian side of the river, did not get anything off it, and he did not haves hoof on it all the season. In one week two men trapped 1330 rabbits on this land. Though some of the squatters are spending twice the amount of their assessment in providing labour, still the means adopted an totally inadequate to meet the difficulty. The Yass Courier says:— Edmund Murphy, late senior-constable of Yass, who was sentenced at the last Yass Assizes, to three months' imprisonment in Yass eaol, for causing the death of a prisoner. will Ob released from custody in a i days. Also :—Threatened Action : An un usual occurrence is reported as having taken place in one of tbe chnrches in Yass, on last Sunday, but as we have heard that proceedings at law are about to be instituted,. in consequence thereof, we refrain for the present, from publish ing any of the particulars. Sarah Johnston, aged 26, was fined £2 for drunkenness at Brisbane last week. It was her hundred and first conviction. In the course of a lecture delivered in • Hobart by the Rer. J. W. Simmons (as reported in the Mercury) he spoke very strongly in favour of the system adopted by the National Provident Union Fund Society, recently started in England. He pointed out that a working man might, by saving Id. per day, which he could pay into this fund, have a certain amount al lowed him weekly incase of sickness, and when he died bis wife would receive, if she survived him, a much larger sum than could be raised by public subscription. An amusing instance of honorary ma-; giaterial incapacity (the Melbourne Even ing Mail states) came under notice at the Carlton -Court on Wednesday morning. ; Edward Ryan summoned his brother, AI | bert Ryan, for assaulting him, but the complainant admitted, in answer to a question from the Bench, that he struck the first blow himself. After hearing the evidence, the Bench—composed of two honorary members—expressed the opin ion that both brothers were to blame, and as they were determined to deal out even-banded justice, the complainant and defendant would be fined a guinea each. This remarkable derision convulsed all tbe legal gentlemen present, and it was pointed out to their worships that inas much as cross-summonses had not been leaned they could not fine the complain ant. After a whispered consultation the two sapient J.P.'s said they had ascer tained they could not fine both parties, and would therefore dismiss the case. lord Zouche, a young nobleman who has been travailing all over the world for some time past, is at present paying a visit to Ballarat.' On Monday (says the | Star) under the guidance of a gentleman to whom he had a letter of introduction, he inspected the Band and Albion Com-: pany'e mine and other places in the city. Hie Bra id wood Dispatch says:—A Rascally Piece of Work : During Monday night some mischievous blackguard got into the kitchen at the rear of Mr. Eg ber's shop, in Wallace-street, and broke a cruet stand, some glasses, and other ar ticles—in fact, smashed everything that he could lay bis hands upon. Mrs. Eg ber, who has lately lost her husband, is endeavouring to gain an honest living by her little shop, and is unaware that she has any - enemy, never having, to her knowledge, given anybody cause to have a down upon her. Such dirty work as that under notice speaks for itself, and no person worthy of tbe name of a man would be guilty of it. It is a pity thot the cow ardly ruffian did not leave some clue be hind hina to lead to his detection, when, no doubt, justice would be meted out to the fullest extent. The Western Australia Government purpose bringing in a loan bill for a quar ter million sterling for tbe completion of the railway to York, the extention of the telegraph line to Roeburn, and for extend ing wharfage accommodation at Freman ;tle. - The loan will be brought for 3ward in the early part of the forthcoming aession. , The Cawmoornian says :~A gunpow der accident ia fortunately of rue occur rence in this neighbourhood. Unhappily Pilot Birrell was on Wednesday last a victim to the exception. On the morn ing of that day "Mr. Birrell was engaged ? at his house, at the Pilot Station, in mat- i inga preparation of fat and gunpowder for application to a sick home, fie had meltedthe fat in a saucepan, and was in the act of cariying it to the gunpowder— a pound and a-half of which was laid on the "verandah—when theBtrong wind blow- • ing at the time sent a spark from the bot tom of- the pan on to the gunpowder. The explosion was terrific, and, for a moment, ] Mr. Birrell was rendered senseless. His face was slightly scorched and blackened with smoke ; his left arm was much burnt, and on his attempting to remove the shirt sleeve with his other hand, the skin was torn off with it. The fingers of the right hand were also burnt, and several blisters raised on the forearm. Mr. Birrell dressed the wound, and on Thursday night ar rived in town by the s. liady Bowen, and at once placed himself under the cue of Dr. Derricks. Mr. BirrelTs son, who was landing cm the verandah at the time of ™ explosion, had bis face so much burnt and scorched that Dr. Harricks has fonnd it necesBsty to cover it with dressings. Happily no> serious consequences are feared in either esse.1 The other night, remarks the Echo, another' tram "accident happened, this titne on the Waveriey line. ' At about 11 o'cloidca'MiBSMulqneenwas in converss tibb with'some persons near the Point Piper-road,!and two of them leaving, she isohtinned to talk to the third until the tram into the city came along the line. At that moment she SBid good-bye to her friend,trad attempted to cross the line. The driver sounded his whistle and put on thB brake, but before she could get out of the way the motor caught her abd She was thrown down, one of the wheels cut ting through her right ankle and com pletely severing the foot from the leg.. She was immediately conveyed to the Hospital,' bleeding profusely from the wound. On reaching the institution the tourniquet was applied, and Dr. Mns kett rendered the necessary medical as sistance. The Newcastle cor. of the Echo writes: —A sad end to a promising young life was recorded in the harbonr on Saturday last, aboard the British barqoe Cambrian. An order was given aboard to some of the crew to go aloft and furl the sailB, and amongst those who answered to the call was a young man named Tom Machell, who bad shipped on board the vessel at home in the capacity of O. S. to make the round voyage. In stepping into the cross trees he missed his hold and fell heavily to the deck—a distance of about 30 feet —striking in his fall a winch. He was picked up by hiB comrades, and conveyed in a state of insensibility to the hospital, where it was fonnd he had fractured the base of his sknll and one of his legs. He died soon after his admission without recovering consciousness. At the inquest held on the body subsequently it seemed ' that deceased was only abont 19 years of »ge, and was a fine, strong, athletic young fellow, well educated, and belong ing to a good family in Penrith, Cumber land, England. He had been studying for the law at home, and took a freak into his head of going to sea for a trip. He was described as being a very steady and temperate yonng fellow, and was liked by all on board. Hay, Wednesday.—About 30 of the principal pastoraiists of Hay, Balranald, nnolig^l. Ctigwi, met at .the fy^?irthonao-.this morning to discuss with the Chief Inspector of Stock concerning the spread of rabbits in Biver Ina, and to suggest some amendments in the Pastures and Stock Protection Act which would meet the difficulty and en sure the destruction of the pests. It was universally agreed that prompt action was necessary, &b; rabbits are spreading rap idly in the districts mentioned above. After an hour's discussion a committee was appointed to draft suggestions to be placed before the Minister, who is at pre sent engaged in preparing an amendment bill. A scene occurred on Monday (says the Argus) in the Melbourne Court of Gene ral Sessions daring the trial of William Wells, Joseph Kelly, and Richard Wynne, who were charged with having inflicted serious bodily harm on Elizabeth Denny, at Colliagwood, on the 20th May. Mr. Purves, who defended two of the priso ners, was engaged in cross-examining pro secutrix in relation to the nature of the injuries she bad received. She protested against being compelled to describe her injuries in open court, and one of the jury, whose sympathy was evidently aroused on behalf of the prosecutrix, ex claimed, " The jury protest against the insolent way in which Mr. Purves is cross-examining the witness. We con sider his conduct moBt unmanly." Mr. Purves said that it was a most unusual thing for him to be attacked from the jury box. He was instructed that every word that the prosecutrix had said was untrue. He was simply discharging his duty to his clients, and he would not be deterred by the remarks of ignorant jury men. This observation elicited another indignant rejoinder from the juiy, after which the matter was allowed to drop. South Australian statistics show that the average yield of wheat for the past II years is 7£ bushels to the acre. The ave rage price was 5s. 4d.; deducting 6d. for bringing to market, it left the farmer 4s. 9d. The cost of producing was 28s., showing a profit to the farmers of 7s. 7d. per acre personam. That does not sound like a rapid fortune. In the "Count De Beaumont" case, bis Honor, in passing sentence, the pri soner had been going about the country defrauding honest persons in every way. He was one of those persons who lived on their wits without regard to the feel ings of any one else. In a commercial country like this it was necessary that mutual confidence should be exhibited, bat this could uot be while persons like ' the prisoner went about the country. By the laws of the country forgery was pun ishable by 15 years' imprisonment ; in former days it was death. The Court would not pass Buch a heavy sentence as 15 years on the prisoner. He was a mis erable offender, who went about the coun try robbing by hiB wits, and offenders of that class were very dangerous to persons in trade, and others to whom credit was necessary. They were bound to be pro tected, end it was for that reason the law imposed socb heavy penalties. It seemed to be a part of the prisoner's nature to defraud, and he also seemed to imagine that instead of being an offender he was a victim. The sentence of the Court was that on the first charge he should be im prisoned for three years, and on the se cond charge two years, the sentences to be cumulative. If the prisoner appeared before the Court again, he could depend upon it that be would get a much heavier sentence. ■The' New Zealand Herald says Sir'! Arthur Gordon** London friend* will pro core his appointment to the Governorship of Fiji. A blacksmith, named James Miller, of Newcastle, went to the Australian Mutual Provident Society's office in that city, yesterday (remark* Friday's E. News), insured his life for £600, paid the neces sary premium, end then walked deliber ately into the harbour and was drowned. Miller was a Scotchman, but not canny enough to have learnt the following rule: " A Mutual Provident Policy is not for feited in the event of the person whose : life is assured dying by suicide (except when committed within thiiteen months after the date of assurance), the hands of justice, or in consequence of intemperate habits." The Toowookba Chronicle says :— j Sad Accident: A very distressing accident! occurred at Mrs. M'Goldrick's boarding 1 house, Russell-street, at about 3 o'clock ; this morning. A young man—Benjamin Ronald Gillespie—a deck in Messrs. Ful- ! larton, Rooke, and Co.'s employ, bad been suffering from rheumatic fever since Wed- ] nesday last, and a fellow employee—Mr. ; Wolfe—remained in his room all Sunday night to attend to the sufferer. At about■ three o'clock this morning he got up to give the patient medicine, which he took from one of two bottles, which were alike, on the dressing table. Unfortunately, he ■ poured the dose from the bottle (unla belled) containing linsment, instead of, from the right one, and/handed it to the unfortunate young man, who, however, detected the mistake and spat the lina- j ment out, freely rinsing his month after wards. fie said that he had not swal lowed any, bnt Mr. Wolfe, feeling nneasy, ! went for Dr. Armstrong, who, however, ' did not'consider it necessary to attend at the time. About an hour afterwards, ob serving that Mr. Gillespie was getting drowsy, he went, a second time to Dr. Armstrong, who accompanied him and administered, brandy. Later on the suf- ] ferer became nnconscious, and doctors Flood and Roberts attended him, bnt, although they did all that medical skill could suggest, we regret to state that Mr. j Gillespie -died this afternoon about 2 1 o'clock. Mr. Gillespie is a fine young | fellow of about twenty years of age, and a favourite with his employers and fellow employees, over whom the Bad event has j cast quite a gloom. We understand that; he has friends in Brisbane and Ipswich. The E. News says :—The ball last night evidently had a detrimental effect upon the mind of one Peter Fisher, a gentle man who desired to disport his manly fignre on the floor of the old Exhibition building. Unfortnnstely, however, he had no clean shirt to go in, and while meditating on this sad state of affairs his eye lighted on a case of three shirts, standing at the door of Mr. Butler's shop, in Market-street. He at once saw a chance of attending the ball. To unhook the case and walk away with it was the work of a 1 moment, but he had no sooner "collared" the Bhirts than he was himself " collared" by Constable Carry, who, however, had a short but exciting chase before he secured Fisher. This morning the thief was in troduced to Mr. Crane, when he politely explained that the whole affair was a pure ■ accident. The magistrate, however, did not seem inclined to agree w'th him, and Peter was sent to a jury of his country men for a further hearing. The Dnbbo Dispatch says A Crnel Crime : For some time past owners of cat tle in the neighbourhood of the town have , complained to the police that the few head were growing small by degrees and beautifully less, and the finding of several carcasses, with the bide taken off, led to the suspicion that the cattle had not died a natural death. Sergt. M'Kea gue at once set enquiries on foot, and the result was that a man named Samuel Brassey was arrested charged with steal ing a bullock, the property of Mr. N. J. Barry, of West Dubbo. The Sergeant adduced evidence at the investigation which exposed the whole modus operandi of the prisoner. He was in the bahit of prowling about the river paddocks ham stringing whatever cattle he camo across, and, if possible, throwing their carcasses over the deep banks into the shallow part of the river. He then skinned them and sold the hides, and it is pretty evident that frequently he skinned the poor bruteB before they were dead. The bodies being fonnd in the river, suspicion was disarmed. The hide of Barry's bullock was traced to where it had been sold, and other evidence was forthcoming which was sufficient to connect BraBsey with the affair, and he was duly committed to the next Qaarter Sessions. The Sydney cor. of the same journal writes Just as Sir Henry was packing up his trunks, and preparing for his voy age to Australia, Mr. William Forster was thinking about addressing his Gnndagai constituents, and certainly the honorable gentleman, if we are to judge from the report of his speech which has appeared, has lost none of that cunning of oratorical fence which used to distinguish him be fore he left for England as Agent General. He spoke very unreservedly his opinions, and in what he said about the present Parliament he was only uttering the opin ion held by nine ont of ten people. The Assembly is composed of men who have been elected, not because of their inde pendence, but their servility. Two-thirds j of the House are the mere creatures of ' outBide influences, and are not positively ! free agents. Mr. Forstor exposed a good many fallacies which exist, and though he knows that all opposition against the Go vernment is vain and futile, be has not been deterred from expressing his honest convictions. Also :—Certainly the Government tnnst be very strong when they can afford to in- ! salt public feeling by such an appointment j as that of Mr. John Davies to the Lioens ing Board. It is a gross outrage upon common sense and fair play. Mr. Davies, who, no doubt, is a very good fellow, and a member of-eveiy society in the colony, should have been the last man to be ap pointed. He is a Good Templar, a lead ing Temperance light, and how can he be expected to give fair play in caaes coming before him. If he grants a license, he mast be rauning counter to his obliga tions kb a Temperance apostle ; and whe ther he does or not, his appointment at once attacks whatever confidence may have been reposed in the Metropolitan Licens ing Bench. Who iB responsible for his election, I can't say, but it is the talk of everyone in Sydney. Even Good Tem plars, and their congeners, shake their heads and think a wrong has been done. A party of five men left Port Lincoln on Thursday last for a cruise to Dangerous Reef. The boat was hardly seaworthy, and carried no rations. They have not since been heard of, and it is supposed that all are lost. Twenty-three women of doubtful repu tation were summoned at Sydney last Friday, before the police magistrate, for loitering on the footpath. Sixteen were fined 10s. each. The unfortunate man Timothy Spillane (remarks the Too woomba Chronicle), who was recently discharged a^ the Police Court in this town from suspicion of complicity in the murder of the late Michael Irwin, returned to his home where the awful ] tragedy had been enacted, butso troubled and distracted did he become, that itwas I thought wise by some of the neighbours ! to report him to the police as unfit to be' at large, so erratic were his movements. I He was arrested on Sunday, but was not at all willing to be again taken into cus tody. He was brought before the Bench yesterday morning, and remanded for a week for medical treatment. Also:—Sudden Death : We regret to record the sudden death of Mrs. Heydon, wife of Mr. Michael Heydon, a farmer j residing on the High6elds road, who died j euddenly on Saturday afternoon, last of ' apoplexy. The deceased had complained recently of heaviness and oppression in j theregion of the heart, but nothing of a serious nature was anticipated. On Sa turd&y; afternoon Bhe was stooping in front of the fire, when she suddenly fell down in a fit. Dr. Armstrong and the Rev. T. O'Connell were immediately sent for, but before they arrived death ensued, the un fortunate woman havingsuccumbed within half-an-hour of the seizure. On Thursday week, Bays the Queau- , bey an Times, a eavage attack was made j upon a young man, a resident of Ginin derra, who chanced to call into the Royal j Hotel for the purpose of partaking of some refreshment, ere he started for borne., It appears some trivial dispute arose between the parties, when, as we have already stated, four powerful fellows attacked one. man, and would undoubtedly have killed him were it not for the timely aid of the landlord, Mr. Philip Pooley, who, at the risk of his own life, interposed, And res cued the half strangled man ; but not be fore he (Mr. Pooley) received a heavy blow over the right eye. The row con tinned for some considerable time, the language made use of in the presence of j about one hundred spectators bring ter rifying, and yet not a policeman put in an appearance. There waa a time, no doubt (observes ' the Brisbane Courier), when railway 1 construction seemed to lag, and Sir Her cules Robinson on one occasion adminis tered the spur pretty freely. Of late j years, however, there has been no lack of spirit, and what has been done has been well done. The lines are substantial and well equipped with rnlliDg-stock, which is more than can be Baid of the Victorian lines, for as far as rolling stock is con- < ceroed, the latter are at a miserably low ebb. I Mr. J. H. Watson, curator of the Bo- 1 tanical 'Gardens in this town, informs us ' (Toowoomba Chronicle) that he has re ceived a sample of a new wheat of great; promise, which yields heavily, and has not I hitherto been known to be affected by ruBt. Mr. Watson, being anxious to test its rust-resisting qualities in different lo calities and Boils, will send a sample of this wheat to anyone desirous of trying it, on application being made to him at the Gaidens. We feel confident that many of our local farmers will be glad to avail themselves of this offer; and we hope to hear of the Allora and Warwick wheat growers also making an experiment with it. The Queensland Commissioner of Po lice has received a telegram from Senior Sergeant Dillon, at Port Douglas, stating that a packer named Frederick Otello waB , found on Saturday morniDg hanging quite dead from the roof of a stable situated I given £lO0 j to the Victorian Working Men's College. | In the course of a sermon preached on Sunday last by Dr. Moorhouse, that dis tinguished prelate is reported by the Ar gus to have Baid :—" There were many really learned men in the present day who knew about the Word of God little more than superstitious wives did of fables and accounts which tbey had heard in the nursery. He said this out of cha rity to them, because if it were not so it would be totally impossible to explain the ridiculous mistakes into which they were continually' falling. The days when these learned men were young the ordinary Christian would tell them that the Gospel came to teach them the way to heaven, and if questioned further he would pro bably say that the end of his labour and the object of his life beyond this world was the getting to heaven. No wonder that this was regarded as a mean and con temptible Christianity—* an other world liness.' That, however, wbs not New Testament teaching. The' Kingdom of God was not meat and drink, but right eousness and peace and joy in the Holy Ghost. The Kingdom of God with a man consisted in the regulation of his feelings, impulses, thoughts, words, and deeds, so that his love was animated and inspired by the love to God and man. Heaven was not a place merely ; it was the state of the aoul towards God ; and, if a man tried to gain it as a reward, and merely for selfish motives, that act shut it ont from him, for that belonged to the oppo site of the Kingdom of God—not to hea ven, but to hell." An official decision has been given re specting the vexed question of fancy bread. We (Dnbbo Dispatch) published the fact that some of the Orange bakers have been prosecuted for selling bread not up to the standard of weight, and the i Bench instructed the local inspector to make enquiries as to what constituted fancy bread, the defence having been set np that'the loaves which had been seized came under the category, and were not supposed to be fell weight. The Advo cate states that the local inspector wrote tb the Government inspector seeking in struction, and in reply was informed " that fancy loaves are those only which are set up separately and baked separately on the floor of the oven. Squares, turn overs, and tin loaves, baked four or six together, are considered to be batch bread, and must be weight." Jemmy the kanaka, who was executed for the mnrder of Jeremiah Worth, con fessed before his execution to having com mitted the crime for which be was found guilty. The Mackay Chronicle (Qd.) says The report of a sad accident has been re ceived by the Commissioner of Police from Macksy. Sub-inBpector Meldrum tele graphed that Patrick Crilly, overseer of the Richmond plantation, near Mackay, died suddenly on Thursday week from the effects of a fall. The deceased and a man named M'Kinlay rode home together from the Mackay racecourse, both under- the influence of drink. On the way they had some hot wordB together, andM'Kinlay pushed Crilly ; the latter fell on his head, and died soon afterwards. At a magis terial inquiry it was decided that no blame attached to M'Kinlay. Mrs. Hume, wife of the late great ex plorer, has presented the Yass Mechanics' Institute with a fine life-size portrait of her lamented husband. The portrait, which is an oil painting, is a faithful like ness, and is by one of the firat masters. ,-MivP- Har 'and corn' merchant, . of Yass, wM Mrii&fi.; 0^1^,'bip^ner and fruiterer; of Yaw,! haveroceijed notice of action in the (Supreme :Court, from Mr. W. F. Wilkinson, solicitor, oil behalf rf Mr. J. J. M'Dooagh,fprforablyejecting him from St. Augutiane'a Church, Yasa, on Sunday,' the 2nd instant. - ■' The Forbes Times eays :—Mf. C. 84 Gibson, of Bnrrowong, who has' been so Buooessfnl at the Forbesshows with Ms colley dogs, has beat getting good prioes for some of them lately. He has just sold "Bosworth," winner of the Forbes sheep dog trial in 1880, end who also took the prize at Orange this year, for, tiie eem of £30. Bosworth's dam " Las sie" was imported from England and cost 60 guineas, bnt be was imported from Tasmania, and broken by his late owner. Mr. Gibson has also sold three colley pups, under eight months, for the sum of j £27, eqn&l; to £S each. * The Ubbouby says :—The Austral: England will not- cease to deserve the title of mistress of the seas, so long as her citizens build aud navigate such ves-! sels as that stately one now or lately ly ing In' Sydney 'harbour. The itnmu'i, voyage is an' event in steam navigation. ; She is among the largest ships that have j ever been launched. The Great Eastern : that magnificent failnre, was 692 feet long i and 83 feet broad ; the Austral measures 474 feet in length with a breadth of. 48 , feet. The Great Eastern was a failure; the Austral is a success. There has been no -question about- her adaptablenees to the service for wbich tins was1 designed. 1 She has come to the colonies the trade of which she was destined to promote, jtnt as Smaller ships have ©ome and gone. She Jakes her . place .nstnrally in the ] Orient line. The .building of such a ves-: Belj especially for the Australian trade, is a very significant note of the esteem that: 'commercial men at home have for that trade. A prisoner named Barnes escaped at i Goulburn last Thursday. While working i .with three other prisoners in charge of a warder, at the rear of the old telegraph office, the warder allowed him to go to the rear of the building, and on going J to look for him found nothing but his clothes. Amongst tbe large public works for ] which the Government are calling ten- j ders is the construction of the railway line from Murrumhurrah to Blayney, a 1 distance of about 100 miles. This line 1 will connect the Great Western with the Great Southern lines, and will take in that rich belt of country known as the Cowra district. It will-go through the townships of Cowra, Lyndhnrst, and Carcoar, and will past about 20 miles to the Eastward of GrenfeK. The tenders for this line are to be in by the 19th September. Thus the WitcaMfia Times:—"Tbe Government makes a very abject confes sion of its own weakness, by refuting to call Parliament together until after the arrival of Sir Henry Parices. It may be considered a constitutional enough coarse to parsne, but the utter Beif-abnegn&tion; it displays proves a helpless dependence on the presence of one man, which savours more of personal rnle than constitutional government." The Sydney police last Friday morning found the dead body of a child which had been lying four days in a -house in Liverpool-street west, complaint having been made by the neighbours of tire smell. The mother, who is a widow, states that the child was aged thirteen, and had died TV * Vpmn ---» she was unable to bury it, and moreover the undertaker refused to sopply~a "coffin unless it was prepaid. The Echo says:—The opening of the railway to Hay wonld appear an astound ing event to the colonists of the early days. Thirty years ago the trial survey was just beginning at Redfern. The Goldfields were in their first bloom, and 20,000oz. a week were coming from Balla r&t; and the Ovens. There were mobs of wild blacks on the head of the Murray. Sheep feed along tbe Murrumbidgee front age, and crossed to the Southward by Maiden's Punt; but the back country from the river was then nnfenced, un watered, and bo little thought of that it was not even rented. People used to take their sheep a run in the salt bush for a few months at a time, while surface water lay on the ground after rain. Now the iron horse snorts through tbe length of Biverina and brings both the great cities within 24 boors of a re gion which used to be called a deBert, but which iB now the richest country of the Southern continent. What new fea tures will the next 30 years bring to light 1 A man named Alfred Cowley, who was for a number of years an assistant pro perty-man at the Opera house, Melbourne committed suicide last Thursday morning by Btrangling himself with a piece of hay band attached to the handle of a bi cycle. The BuftRANGONg Argus reports that sn accident which terminated fatally oc curred to John Wilson, of Wambanumba, on Sunday evening. He had ridden to Eadey's farm on the Burrows-road, near Yonng, and having passed half an hour there he remounted, E*dy having cau tioned him against riding too fast, as he observed that Wilson was the worse for liquor. The unfortunate man's horse, bridle, and saddle were shortly afterwards seen by the people ; and suspecting that an accident had occurred, Johnson, with his son, went along the road, where they found Wilson lying on his back, evidently injured about the face and head, but quite conscious. He was then partially, stupe fied from the effects of the accident. The forehead and upper part of the bridge of the nose were swollen and contused, and besides these and other braises there was a simple fracture of the left upper arm. He died next day at noon. The tracks of the horse he hsd been riding were traced to where there was an over hanging tree near Eadey's farm, and there can be no doubt that the unfortunate fellow came in contact with it when he was riding some what fast. Amidst the mnny very trite observations that were made at the banquet in com memoration of the -opening of the railway to Hay, there were none of tnorb import ance than those uttered by the chairman, Mr. A. Lakeman, tbe Mayor of Hay. In responding to tlie toast of " The Town and District of Hay," he said that " in regard to the railway, they ought to have had it ten years ago; and they did not get it then because the Legislature was in fluenced by people who wanted to buy the land before the railway was made. He did not blame tbe squatters, but he blamed the Government for permitting the wholesale alienation of land ; and al though it was too late to remedy it in this district, be hoped the Government would be alive to this matter in regard to other districts similarly situated." The imported Clydesdaleentire, Orphan, has been sold at Melbourne for 1000 gui neas. TheBundaberg Gam Leaves : A farmer^ ance speaks very confident!* «,t qualities of the decoction of the wl' _ leaves as a tonic ia esses of eA?1® His wife bad been for some kick, when a friend recommended him to give her tea brewed from the blue gtnor leaves, when the effect upon her was almoet miraculous. Since then she ' fash'"riot ton ailing. He h as 'also experi enced sunilM benefits from the remedy in cases of ailment to himself. A corre spondent to a Southern contemporary states that he is acquainted witfT three persona who had been thoroughly cured of rheumatism by sleeping on beds made entirely of these leaves. Those used were of a round shape, growing oh young plants, and nearest to the ground. It ia well known that a dozen of these leaves made into a decoction of tea are good foe a cold or inflamed eyes, i . ■' Also :—0n Saturday morainga black gin was atabbed.ih the loins with a broad knife by her male aboriginal cbmpanioh, in the neighbourhood of Bowen-street, Maryborough. The black gin fell down as though she were dead. Messrs. D. B. Huntler and J. Cutler, who happened to be passing at the time, and; saw the af fray, bailed up the blackfellow, whom Cutter guarded until Huntler drove in a cab for the poltoe, and on his return rite brutal fellow wss arrested. With com mendable seal Mr. Huntler sent immedi ately for one of his drays that waa bung loaded at, the *harf, -and conveyed the wounded woman to the hospital, where she was treated. Her wounds were con sidered highly dangerous. £ I A quantity of watches and jewelleiy was seized by a Customs officer, at Mel bourne, laid: Friday, from Captain Do naldson of the steamer^ Cheviot from Sydney. The latter denied having such property on board, and it was inferred he intended to smuggle them ashore. The case was investigated by the Com missioner of Customs, who considered the case substantiated, forfeited .the goods and fined the captain three times their value, giving him the option, If dis satisfied, to have the case fried, and al lowing him four hours to decide which alternative he will accept, the Cheviot not being allowed to sail until he de cides. The proprietors of the Melbourne Ar gus bave given £250, and the proprietors of the Age £200 towards the establish ment of the proposed Workman College. At Adelaide, Mr. Justioe Boncaut, on Mouday, on an application, ordered the discharge of Samuel Dangavall, who waa arrested as an absconding bankrupt from England, on the grounds that the warrant was defective, and the evidence was merely based on heaisay. Scarcity of fodder has induoed the Jioderra mailman to start a bicycle. The season in Western Australia is pro pitious for agriculture and stock. The Tasmanian gold returns show a steady increase. 