TRINITY CHURCH, CERES. A Special Service of an In memoriam character was held in the above church on Sunday afternoon last, in connection ivith the death of the late William Thorpe Powell, recently officiating minister of the North Dorset district, near Launccston, Tasmania, and formerly reader of the district of the Barrabool Hills. Mr Powell left the Hills some two years ago, on account of failing | health, and was received into the Division of Tasmania, where he obtained Deacon's Orders. But the incessant work of a large, populous, and rough district again proved | too much for his strength, and he returned to Victoria some few months ago, in the hope of being able to recruit his strength at | the hospitable house of his father.iu-law, Mr J. Leigh, of Ceres. It pleased God to order otherwise: he died there on 10th insfc., and j was buried in Higbton Cemetery ou 13th ; tho funeral services being conducted by Canons Goodman and Chalmers. The ser vices last Sunday were very fully attended; prayers being read by the Rev. G. E. W. Spronle, the clergyman of the district; and the Holy Communion celebrated by Canon Chalmers, who also preached the sermon. The text was taken from 1 Thessalians, iv. 13: "I | would not have you to be ignorant, brethren, concerning them which arc asleep," and the 6ubjectwas *4 .he present condition of the | faithful dead." The preacher showed that their condition was not one uf insensibility,or i forgetfalness, but of trae life, that they re- | tain memory and consciousness ; that they live iu happy intercourse with their Lord, and with one another, and are not unmind ful of those whom they have left behind. They dwell in light, resting from their la bors, and in the revealed presence of Christ. But they are not yet 44 made perfectthey long, and look, and pray for the coming of ! the Saviour, "waitiug for the adoption : to wit, the redemption of the body." We subjoin, in full, the conclusion of the sermon, for the sake of the special reference it contains to the departed clergyman : 44 And this condition, which I have endeavored to describe, is the present condition, we be lieve, of that frieud and brother, who once stood to you in the relation of miuister and teacher, whose mortal part we consigned a few days since to the house appointed for all living. We laid him in kindred dust, not only in sure and certain hope of the resurrectiou to everlasting life, but in full persuasion that he now lives with God in the paradise which his and onr Lord and Saviour regained for him and for us. I do not think that the House of God is the place for sounding forth the praises of men, and therefore I will say little more than that, iu him, the Church of God lost au earnest and devoted servant ; lost him, moreover, when prospects of extended usefulness were open ing before him. For eight years, indeed ever since he first entered on his work as a reader of the Church, 1 have known him well, and heard of his labors with friendly interest. You, m>* brethren, can also tell of his fidelity and diligence in the duties of his sacred calling ; of his piety towards God, and his kindliness towards men. Those who knew him best, and loved him most, naturally enough sorrow very deeply at his removal, but they sorrow in hope, and to them 1 would say, 4 Thy brother, thy husband, thy son, will rise agaiD, and your eyes shall see him, no longer wearied by | sickness, and worn by suffering, but a bright i and happy spirit in the realm of light and j peace, and clad at last iu the splendor of | the Resurrection : a sharer in the glory of ; his risen Lord.' To you, my Christian brethaen of this congregation, I would fur- ! ther say, with the apostle, 4 Remember him ] who of old spake to 3Tou the word of God, whose faith follow, considering the end of | his conversion.' Being dead he yet speak eth ljy the fragrant memorial of an earnest faith, a zealous, obedience, and a consistent Christian life. To some of you he testified with his dying breath, concerning the love of God, and the faith of Christ, aud the way of salvation. Sec to it that his parting I counsels rise not to witness against you iu I the Da3T of Judgment. Be persuaded to cast ' in your lot with him, and with all who, throagh faith aud patience, inherit God's promises. Strive to enter in at the straight gate to tread the narrow way, andjto share at i last that strength and pcacejwhich God gave 1 him, as the darkness of the tomb gathered I his head. May our last end be like rouud his head. May our last end be like his, in deep, calm trust in Christ, and in the consolation of the Holy Ghost ; and, in the Lord's good time, may we all be numbered with His saints in glory cverlastiug."J 