WRONGING HIS UNCLE. The Central Polico Court was again occupied yes Unlay with thu case of William M'Lsan, charged with obtaining from James Dawson, a pawnbroker, tho Bum of ill, by means of n false pretence, in other words, that ho " popped" a ring which purported to DC goio, uut wa-sn a, wim "uisuncie, nnu reeeiveu thereon the sum of £1 sterling. Mr. Carroll appeared for the prisoner. The prosecutor stated that M'Lcan came to bis shop and pledged the ring produced as gold, but it was only plated, and on finding out the fraud ho gave in formation to tho police, tho result being that prisoner was arrested. The .witness was quite sura that he (prisoner) waa the man who pledged the ring with him. Ho had never made a mistake as to tho iden tity of a man in his life. Mr. Carroll here appropriately Interpolated that the gentleman confined his mistakes to rings, whereat there was a titter round tho court. Tho next witness was also a pawnbroker— one apparently wiser in liia generation than the former, for it appeared that when a man brought a ring to bitn of a similar character to tiiat produced, he mentally warbled, " Not for Joe," and refused to traffic. Mr. Benjamin — such is the gentleman's name ' "had a knowledge of these tilings," and at once penetrated tho artful dodgers' move ; at tho samo time, he could not say that defendant was the man who presented tho ring. For tho defence, Mr. Carroll sought to provo an a/ihi, and adduced evidonce in support thereof which would have charmed tho heart of Mr. Tony Weller, had such taken plaeo within that gentleman's range of forensic experiences. The witnesses were three gentleman who, on about the time in question — that is, the 27th March — were in the City of Melbourne, and tho evidence went to Bhow that on tho 25th of that month (boing Saturday) tho defendant was in Melbourne ; the inference drawn by tho defcucc being that defendant could not have been in Sydney on Monday, -27th, as no trains run on Sunday, and that tbo passago by water could not have been performed in time to enablo him to pawn the ring as stated. A youth named Creed, who described himself as being clerk to a bookmaker, was tiro first witness. He saw defendant, at tiro Cauficld Races on tho 25th. nurgess, a oooKmaiccr, corronorarcii mis statement, adding that ho (Burgess) had laid defendant a wager on tho course — £10 to £1 Lucy or Tho Ghost. (Laughter.) This sportive declaration was aoeom- paincd by appropriate "professional" pantomime, witnefs producing an elaborate pocketbook. the cover whereof was embellished -with- glowiug illustrations of tho " turf." As a proof of tho circumstance ho had sworn to, the witness offered tho record for inspection, hut tho Boncli evinced no special interest in "the field against Lucy and tho Ghost," and the pocket- was accordingly " put away." ltyan, "a jockey and backer of horses," was tho next witness called. lie had seen tho defendant on the race-course at Oaufield, Louis l'ylce, another of tho bnckor- of-horses frater nity, said ho saw prisoner in Mclhourno on tho loth of March, and left next day, prisoner remaining be hind. Dctectivo Williams naked llyan if it was not the custom of " wclslicrs " to leave the races before the finish, and Ryan said, with a countenance "childlike and bland"—" I don't know what you mean." At which Detective Williams, for somo reason best known to himself, turned up his head and tho whites of his eyes simultaneously, and ejaculated something which was neither a 'sigh', nor a groan, nor a chuckle, hut seemed mysteriously to pnrlako of tho character of all three, and might best bo described as a vocal astoniBhcr "—that being tho name given by printers to a nolo of exclamation in punctuation. The wit ness was not further examined by Williams. His Worship Mr. . Prano mildly remarked that he did not know what a " welahor" meant, nu admission of ignorance which did riot nstouislr, but souiowhat amused tho world-worn persons present, who were only prevented from laughing outright by respect for that gentlemen and his position. Mr. Carroll offered to enlighten his Worship on this knotty (or naughty) point, hut Mr. Crano did not evince a thirst for knowledgo on llio subject, and Mr. Carroll's rcsourcos were not cnlicd upon. After hearing nil the evidonco tho ileuch committed tho prisoner to tako his trial at tho next Quarter Sessions. 