A MIGHT IN NOLAN'S BRIG. [TlNSLEl-'s. MaOAZISE.] ' It's forty-two yoars como next Fobuary,'saidr. Captain Jaokson, taking his short clay pipo from, his lips, and balancing it gracefully botwean a dirty forefinger and thumb, ' forty-two, years ; but I'll never forgot the night I spont in Nolan'c irig.' .:..'. Tho remark fell like a thunderbolt among tho ?? ?? group of fivo who, together with Captain Jackson were sitting uroucd the comfortable fironlnen in .j the best room of tho Bluo Anchor. It was a '- bitterly cold night ; tho wind howled in tho ?:' chimney, and tho rain could be heard pattering « against the slender shutters which protoctod tho ? ??' two cosy-looking windows from the outside. So warm was tho temperature in tho best room of tho Bluo Anchor, and so frequent were thor in- . tornal applications of hot whisky and- hot rum, that ono by one tho. littlo group had fallon.-off to ; sleep. Nowandthonavoicomightbe heard making somo semi-intolligiblo romark, jnst to show that its on-nor still liad his wits about him, and was 'not wholly oblivious oftho rules of goodifcllow- . 'ship. '?''?. It was after ono of tho longest intervals of i silence that Captain Jackson uttered tho remark i recorded in tho oponing of thi3 narrative,' and he ? spoke in such a tone' that his companions, ono, and all, started violently from slumber. ' Bless.my BouVJackson !'.oried Captaiii : For- - tuno.irising from his chair as rapidly aa Jiis gonty o , '? old feet would Dormit. . ' Y-ou mado-jno jump on t .? 'dock as U.tho ory ivas - ' Breakora ahead !' Bpn't ..'-.?' ; you doithat:again,ioldifollow, if you please. Vm.~ ,, , donowith.bad nights on deck now, like yourself ; l; and Iaays,:Leb sleeping dogs lio, is ani.A.1 maximv ' :rsays.' , ' . '0,.16t.tho*kipporibo!' said'youngtCaptaiir Grogory, ,who was, liko ovory nautical man dn . his. . . Ttteart of hearts,, eagor at all times, and in' all - .1 ?places for aiiyarnj and who tprided'himaelfc on tho ' adroitness ho displayed in 'drawing Captain : Jackaottdat)!' ; ' Molsn's*rig- 'I toasenhonrd'oi ' ' her, skippor. Was sho before tho Saucy Jano?' ' Forty two years como next Pebuary,' sighed Captain Jackson, heedless of any romarks that had been addressed to him. Captain Jackson was a retired master mariner, whosj career had been attended with a larger spice of adventure than usually falls to the lot o£ those employed in the merchant service. His companions at the Bluo Anchor this evening consisted of five other master mariners. Four of them still ploughed the main, and one— Captain Fortune— had retired from the sea for Bome years, and was now, as he frequently obson .)J, ' en deavoring, liko my friend and shipmet Jackson, to drag out a miserablo oxistonco on a pittance' Bome sceptics declared that the spico in Jack son's adventures originated in the imagination of the retired skipper ; and there wore some who wont further, and said that the yarns with which the elderly man of the sea regaled his friends ?jrero spun with a definite purpose, namely, in the ' hope of being supplied with hot rum-and-water ; for Captain Jackson had nevor been known to tell a story of the sea unless ho was plied rigorously with his favorite fluid. Sometimes his narratives were peculiarly fatiguing, some times peculiarly improbable, sometimes peculiarly improper ; but they wero all of a rambling and incoherent nature. 'You have heard of Nolan's brig, surely t' said Captain Jackson to Captain Fortune. ' Never,' was the reply. ' She was before my time.' ' Before your time ! Why, man, you're old enough to be my mother-in-law ; but I won't let the cat out of the bag on you before these young sters here.' Captain Fortune was peculiarly touchy upon one point, his age. He never confessed to more than forty-eight summers ; but it was generally supposed he could reokon sixtyoight, or perhaps tiiofull threescore- and-ten, if ho only took the trouble. ' Forty-two years it was, come next Febuary,' continued Captain Jackson ; ' the twelfth of Pebuary too, for I remember drinking a pint of bad ram that disagreed with me onthe fourteenth, and it was two days before the bad rum that I joined Nolan's brig.' Sailors invariably remember the date of an im portant event by the proximity of the date of a fc»3 important event. ' Come now, tell us about this brig. What tras her name? What trade was she in! Where did she hail from ? How is it you speak as it you i iad been only one night aboard ? I suppose she Was haunted. la it a ghost story, skipper !' | 'Easy, there ! Hold hard, I say, young feller ! : Don't crowd an old man with such a pile of ques- | tions. I'll tell you all about it in my own way, if you'll only pnt a hitch on your tongue for a few minutes.' 'I'm all attention, skipper.' 'Well,' said Captain Jackson, slowly shaking the ashes from his pipe and heaving an enormous sigh— for his tumbler was low, and there seemed Bo immediate prospect ot anyone in the room ordering a fresh Bupply — ' 1 believe I remarked that I'd never forget the night I spent in Nolan's brig. But I must go back a long way. You have heard me tell about the brig, haven't you, Cap tain Fortune ?' '' Never,' replied Captain Fortune. ' She was before my time.' ' To make a long story short,' continued Cap tain Jackson, 'it was early in Janivory, the fifth or sixth, I think. Let me see. It must have been the fifth, because I bought a new flannel shirt on the fourth, and that was the day before. Yes, the fifth of Janivery I was paid off ic Quebec from the barque Mary Anne. I had little or no money coming to me, for I had drawn a big advance before sailing from Queenstown, and we were after making an oxtraordinaryquick passage. But I muBt go back a bit further, and tell you about the Mary Anne. We left Queens town the 16th of September, forty-ono years last September, with 250 tons of limestone ballast and 84 passengers, most of 'em women and children. As I tell you, I was before the mast then, and our skipper was old Billy Naylor, and a regular old Turk was Billy. We had a fino sou' west breeze in the start, and plenty of it ; and didn't the poor passengers have a bad time for a week or ten days ! However, they rallied after a short spell, and then we enjoyed ourselves as much as if we were all at the play. You heard me talk of Billy Naylor often, didn't you, Skipper Fortune ?' ' Nor' and by east,' said Captain Fortune, who was now dozing, and no doubt dreaming he was once more on the high seas. ' Twas before bis time,' remarked Captain Jackson, with a jerk of his thumb in the direction of the sleeper. This delicate and Bubtle bit of humor set the table in a roar, and it was some time before order could be restored. 'Well, boys, Billy knew I had a hankering after the women, and the cursed old wretch kept me aloft the whole day and most of the night. It would be, 'Shake «ut the royals, Tom,'ono minute, and 'Lend a hand at furling the top sail,' tho next minute, until my life was fair wore out with the old rascal's persecution.' 'But surely, Captain Jack/ion,' interrupted Captain Oarmichael, who was a middle-aged matter-of-fact master mariner, and could not i countenance any deviation from the striat lino of truth ; 'but surely, the man wouldn't go fooling his ship abont; shaking out royals one moment ind furling topsails next, just for the sake of -eening you from tho passengers. I'd put you in ! '?oua in five minutes if I saw the smallest sign of i .subordination. Blest but I would !' ' Better tell tho Btory yourself, if you're so mighty knowledgeable. Ton my word, the world is coming to a queer pass, when a fresh- , water sailor like you can tell me my business. P'raps yon'd teach me how to box the compass , ....... next. Here, tell the story,' he continued, in a j ' . .' fiercer tone, 'for I'm done for the night,' and he ? lolled back in bis chair and twirled bis thumbs Tioiously. ' | There was no help for it bnt to order a fresh | supply of mm and tobacco, and coax the irascible , story-teller bock' intj good humor— not a very j difficult process after the steaming liquor had made its appearance. ? ] '-Ao I was saying,' roeame! Captain Jackson, ; ' I was kept pretty busy -moat of the voyage. It | I was ' Qrease down the forerigging,' ono minute, and ' Bear a hand at mending tbo canvas,' next. Old Billy made mo lay out my sails on the quar | tor-deck, in order, you know, that ho might havo his eye on mo constant.' j ' But you told us ho kept you aloft all day, j and ? ' interrupted Captain Carmichaol once , more. \ 'Sail '.' chorused tho others. j ' Of all tho ignorant—. But I won't loso my temper again,' sighed Captain Jackson; for there was still a goodly quantity of ram in his glass. ' Well, as I was saying, old Billy kept his eye on ' me morning and night. All day I was hard at | work looking aftor tho garden.' , ' The what ?' : 'The garden! What ails you all ? Blow me, if I ever ran foul of amoro ignorant crowd! Didn'tl , tell you plainly he always grow a quarter of an I acre of cabbages on the afterdeck ? He had it all I nicely covered with clay and manure, and he sot I the plants before starting : for ho was dead-nuts I on cabbage, was Billy. I used to mind tho gar | den, and water it constant, and chuck tho weeds I overboard ; for the old skippor knew I was a born ] gardener. My word, but it was a fine sight of a calm evening, to sec myself and Billy loosening tho earth about tho spuds on the quartor-deck. ' ' 0, come now, do draw it mild !' chuckled I young Captain Gregory. | ' Eh !' said Captain Jackson, drawing his eye brows together. 'Good-night, my lads!' cried Captain Car michael, rising from his seat. Ho could not bear any longer the strain upon his imagination, and quietly mado his exit. ' But what has all this to do with Nolan's brig ?' asked Captain Gregory. 'I'm coming to that, my hearty, allingeod time. Give me my own course, if you want to hear the yarn. It's all fair and squaro sailing. I'm heaving the lead as I go. When Billy used to go below, of course I'd shape my course for the fore-part of the ship, and we'd rouse the old fiddler— I forgot to tell you we always carried tho same old fiddler with us. Ho wasn't blind all out, like a born fiddler ought to be ; but he had only the sight of one eye left to him, so he'd pass in a crowd — and we'd have a big dance amidships' with the women. Well, one day Billy wont below, leaving me in charge of the wheel. As soon as I thought ho was fairly iu his bunk, I piped all hands amidships and we made up oar minds to enjoy ourselves. The fiddler was put sitting on the roof of the ship's galley, and every mother's son of us — crew and passengers, and first and second mate, and all — were footing it like Trojans. After about half an hour most of 'em got wore out, but I was as fresh as a daisy. I could dance liko Alexander the Great in them days. They laid ono of the hatches out on deck for me, and I was doing a hornpipe in great stylo with a fine strapping young wench, when all of a sudden we heard a Bhout, and blow me if it wasn't old Billy bearing down on us like a waterspout ! He was all covered with mud and dirt and pieces of cabbage-leaves. He got uneasy in his berth, it appears. He always smelt a gale aforehand, did old Billy. We'd be standing on the quarter-deck feeding the hens, when Billy would say to mo, with a suffle, ' Tom, my boy, I smell a gale. Take a reef in tho topsails bofore sunset. There wouldn't be a cloud in tho heavens then, nor a puff of air ; but as sure as ' Fate, bofore the next day or the day after, down would come the wind and rain. Well, old Billy smelt a wholo hurricane in his dreams about an hour or so after he went below ; and he comes up the cabin staircase, and puts his head above the compan ion, auu auya uu, itiuu at cue waeei, now s ner head, my sonny?' But the dickens a man was at the wheel, as you all know, my lads. So Billy flow into such a tearing rage that ho runs for'ard, andfallsheadlongintothe cabbage- garden. We all scampered away like hares— afi but the poor old fiddler, who was frightened out of hie senses, perched up on the roof of the galley. Up comes Billy, and ho crips the fiddler by the legs and hauls him down, and flings him, fiddle and all, overboard.' 'Good gracious !' cried Captain Fortune, now thoroughly awake. 'What an unlucky acci dent !' ' Unlucky! Why, it was the saving of tho wholo crew. We'd all be put in irons, as sure as eggs, only that the fiddler went over the Bide. And then, what do you think I did to divert old Billy's anger? Why, I ups and I jumps into the main rigging, and takes ahoader into the sea.' ' And weren't you afraid to go overboard while everything was in confusion on deck ?' ' Afraid .' Not likely. I can swim like a gladiator. Did I novor tell you how I swam a re triever for a wager ?' ' Nover.' ' When I was quite a lad there was a retriever in our town, and all the people wero nover dono bragging about him— what a powerful swimmer ho was, and how long he could stay in the water. It riled me to hear this talk, for I wouldn't give in to a man or dog for swimming or diving since I was ten year old. So one day I offered to swim this cur for a ten-ponnd note. Wo started from ? tho pier at daybreak, and swam out to sea. Tho dog bad more holding out in him than I gave him credit for : and it was well nigh dusk before ho turned tail : hunger, I expect, was telling on him, for be hadn't tho sense-like me, to lay in a good feed before starting. When I Baw him putting his noBo for the shoro, of course I knew bo was licked, and would get homo bofore me in disgrace. I gave him a good start of me, and then I put on a spirt for homo myself. About half-way on the return voyage I overhauled the dog, and ho was fairly played out ; so I didn't know well how to act. If I returned before him, every ono would say I was beaten. I'd have stopped out all night, only I know that the old people wouldn't go to bed until I turned up, and I didn't like 'em to loso a night'B reBt on my account. At last I struck out for home, and landed at tho pier. ' Aha, you're licked,' said the owner of tbo dog. 'No, I'm not,' says I. 'Prove it,' says he. 'Your dog will nevor come home,' says I, ' for I loft him in an exhausted con dition about three miles out.' ' la that true ?' Bays he. 'Gospel truth,' says I. And as no one ever heard mq tell a lie, of conrso ho paid mo the wager on the instant. ' What will I do about the unfortunate animal ?' says ho with tears in his oyes. ' Well,' says I, for I pitied tho poor follow from my heart, ' as I'vo won your monoy, I'll fotch him back if you go and tell tho old people I won't bo homo in time for supper.' 'God- bless you I' says he, 'You're a brave man.' So off I peels once moro, and swims out for the dog— Blow me if I'll tell another word while you sit there, Captain Gregory, trying to smother a laugh. H'b not manners, I can tell you I' ,Here Captain Gregory found it impossible to control his emotions any longer, and. he burst into a loud and prolonged guffaw. 'Good-night, boyB?' aaid Captain Jackson, reaching out his hand for his sou'-woster. ' 0, como, don't take things to heart old man. Have anothor drink, and let na hear about Nolan's brig. I'm dying to know what sort of an adventuro you had in her.' Soothed by tho flattering interest taken in his promised yarn about Nolan's brig, and in vigorated by a hoalthy sip from tho fresh glass of rum placed at his elbow, Captain Jackson mado himself comfortable once more, crossed his legs, and blew a whiff from his greasy pipe up tho chimney. It was always his habit, when smoking in a room to Bit near tho fireplace and endeavor to send all tho sinoko from his pipa up the flue ; no doubt under tho impression that it might bo all very woll to contaminate tho open air, or a ship's cabin, with tho fumes of tobacco, but that a want of good breeding and of good sea manship was exhibited by tho man who allowed tobacco-smoke to wander through a dwelling house. ' Where was I ? 0, yes. I had been paid off in Quebec from the Mary Anne, for Old Billy Naylor never forgave mo for shortening the number of the fiddler's mess.' ' I thought it was the skipper who flung the fiddlor overboad,' put in Captain Gregory. 'And who the devil told you to think so? Didn't I say as plain as a man could speak — now I ask you, Captain Fortuno— didn't I toll you all that I flung the fiddler overboard, in order to five old Naylor an opportunity of showing how c could manrouvro a ship ? He always swore he could handle his ship like a pegtop ; that ho could lower the boats and pick up a man overboard while you'd be saying Jack Robinson. I thought I'd bo doing a good turn to give him a chance of showing off his seamanship boforo the passengers ; so I flung the fiddler into tho Atlantic. Poor fellow ! it went to my heart that they nover picked him up ; for before Billy could put the yards aback— But there now, I'm going of on too long a tack, my lads. I told you all this before, didn't I ?' ' Of course you did,' replied Captain Gregory. ' But what about Nolan's brig?' ' I'm coming to that, my sonny. Let mo see. I was Baying I had just left the Mary Anno and shook hands with my skipper. He loved me as his own son, did old Billy Naylor. ' Tom,' says he, ' don't leavo me like this. Como another voyage with mo, and I'll make yon second mate on the spot.' ' I can't, skipper,' says I, ' for the arms is fair dragged out of me working those blooming pumps all the voyage. ' Forty-four days we were tossing and tumbling about, and I never left the pump-rake out of my fist, except to lie down in my bunk for a couple of hours. I may tell you, my lads, it was tho hardest passage I ever had across the Atlantic, and I have crossed it nine hundred and sovan times. I never bad my boot° off from the time we tripped the Mary Anno, anchor in Queenstown harbor until we were into the St. Lawrence ; and, if you'll be lieve mo, them boots — fine heavy top- boots the owners made me a present of— had to be fairly cut off my legs with an adze. Forty-four days at the pumps night and day— a regular Shakspeare touch I' Now it must be stated that Captain Jackson had rather peculiar notions about the world's great men. He always cited tho Bard of Avon as an example of what physical endurance might accomplish. If ho were describing a clever swindle, he would say, by way of comment, ' A regular Milton touch.' He considered Homer the b J6t sailor that ever swam salt water, and when~ he beard of a rapid passage, or of a smart bitof .seamanship, 'A regular Homer touch about that ' would fall from his lips. If you told him an enormous lie ho would playfully observo, 'That's a regular Henry VIII.,' for be wasn't to be caught napping. No one could discover the cause of the confusion in the worthy master mariner's mind ; bnt it was supposed he had once studied a dictionary of universal biography, and had contrived to get things mixed a bit. 'I walked ashore, as I said,' continued Cap tain Jackson, ' and I thought it was high time I had a good spree, for I was. fond of a drop of rum in thoso days— not liko I am now, when I nover tasto liquor, excopt for tho sake of keeping a chum company. After a fortnight's hard drinking I found myself without a red cent, so I thought I had better bo on the look-out for a job. I wanted a billet ashore for the winter if it could be got, and I walked into a certain house where I know I'd find a lot of 'long-shore folk, who might put me on tho right tack. There were a lot of fellows in the taproom of this house ; some of 'em I know by countonance, and more of 'em I knew by reputation, as being tho biggest set of blackguards in Quebec. 'Do you happen to know of a job ashore, shipmates?' says I. 'Something in a dry dock, now, would suit me to a nicety. ' I can tell you tho very thing,' said a big hulking fellow whom thoy called 'Lazy Jim. ' Good grub, a good rig-out, and not much work.' 'Tip us your fin, Jim,' says I; 'you're tho man for my money.' 'Thore's drawbacks. though,1 says Jim. ' The skipper is a regular old Hottentot, and the pay isn't over-much.' 'All tho better,' says I. ' If the skipper is a bully, I'll be a bigger bully ; for that'B tho only way to meet a saucy skipper. And as for pay, why, that doesn't matter much now, so long as tho grub is to my liking. Whore's the ship, Jim, my hearty ? and what's Tier name?' 'Well,' says Jim, 'I'm blest, but I forgets her name : but we always call her Nolan'B brig. Every ono hero knows her and has worked in her. She's lying under repairs in dry dock for tho winter. I'll give you a letter to tho Bkipper; he knows me well.' 'May your Bhadow never grow less, Jim!1 says I. 'I'm in want of a good bit of shoro grub now, for I havo been living on salt-horse longer than is wholo Bomo for my constitution '—the grub in the Mary Anno was as salt ob Lot's wife, ' Give me the letter, my hearty.' Jim sits down, and he scrib bles a few lineB to Captain Nolan, Baying as bow I was a right good Bort, arid could turn my hand to anything in reason. 'And now,' says Jim, ' mind you cheek tho Bkipper ; for he's a rough and ready sort, but he likes a sailor as shows an independontspirit. What'll you drink, shipmet?' Most of the other lads stood drinks as well as Jim, so I was woll primed, you may guess. It was evening before I started, and they all drank my health and wished mo a good tiino of it in Nolan's brig. 'Ho lives in a big house,' says Lazy Jim ; ' it belongs to the owners, but they're from home up tho country.' 'Woll, I got my instructions, and took the course laid out for mo by 'Lazy Jim.' It wasn't very easy for me to got to my port of desti nation in on« tack, for I was about three parts screwed ; but I got there somehow, and I pulled at tho bell, and a good tug I gave it too. ' Is Cantain Nolan at homo?' I asked, as a man servant opened tho door. ' Captain Nolan is at homo,' says the man, with a grin. ' Won't you send up your card ?' ' My what V says I. ' None of your larks with mo, Mr. Impudonce. Tell the skipper a strong hearty sailor-lad is here and wants a job in the brig ; and toll him I have a letter of introduction from a shipmato who worked under him before.' 'Tho man disappeared, and returned in a fow minutes. Baying, 'Captain Nolan will boo you, my man.' 'All right, my hearty,' says I. ' You'ro short-handed in the brig, aren't you?' 'Well, not very short-handed,' says ho; 'but I think we can find a berth for you.' 'Thankee, mato,' says I cli eerily. ' I guess the skipper has snug quarters of it hero whilo tho owners aro up country.' 'Pretty fair,' sayi he. 'Skipper knows his way about, I guess,' says I, with a wink, 'a regular Bobby Burns.' ' Well/ the man openB a dur for me at the end of a lsng hall, and in I walks as bold as brass. There was my brave Captain Nolan Bitting at a table with a heap of log-bsoks and ship's papers piled around him. ' Good morning, skipper,' says I, quito independent ' Busy here, I guess.' ' Yes,' says ho, looking daggers at mo. ' I think I'll be busy with you by and by. I had a curi osity to seo you.' 'Thankee kindly, mate,' says I. 'And how do you like tho cut of ray jib?' ' Tho cut of your what ?' says ho. '0, como,' says I, ' no fooling, skippor ; lot's talk business. I want a job in tho brig.' ' All right,' says ho. ' Show mo that letter you spoko of ?' ' I hands it up to him, and when ho read it I saw he was tickled at something in Jim's note. ' Can you work a crank ?' says ho. ' You bot I can,' says !. 'I'm a bully on heaving at a winch.' ' You can pick oakum, of courso ?' he asked. ' Like a native,' says I ; ' and do a tidy hit of caulking too, on an emergency.' 'Well,' says Captain Nolan, ' we'll givo you a job in my brig at once.' ' Spoken like a man, skipper,' says I. ' Give me Gvo bob on account, and I'll stand you a big drink.' 'We'll refer that to another occasion,' Bays he. ' We'll give you a tasto of tho black hole to-night, and perhaps you'll be less generous in tho morning ; and after a clean shave and a few hours a day at tho crank you won't be so free and easy, my young fellow,' ' I began to think, my lads, that something wrong was in the wind. Liko old Naylor, I smelt a whole gale. ' Begging your pardon, skipper,' says I, ' but I don't fallow you about that clean shave. I can't get soundings there nohow.' ' Do you know where you are, and whom you'ro talking to, sir,' shouted Captain Nolan. ' All I know, says I, ' is that you have fino roomy quar ters of it here ; and that I was told you wero tho skipper of Nolan's brig. F'r'aps you'ro Bomo 'long-shore impostor, for all I know. P'r'aps you nover went up a rattlin' nor ate a hard biscuit. P'r'aps you — ' ' Stop, you scoundrel,' ho roared. ' Do you know you are now inside the gaol, and that j am tho governor of the gaol, and that I'll take it on myself to give you a night's lodging at Gover'ment expense ?' ' The gaol !' I cried. ' Aha,' says lie, ' Maybe you'll come to your senses now. I have heard before that my little shop is called Nolan's brig by you low seafaring folk-' 'But the time's up, my lads. I wish you all good night and a pleasant voyage. I'll tell you anothor time, maybe, about tho night I spent in Nolan's brig.' 