NAIRNE, June 7. Constable Keating arrested two men at Grusthalyesterday, and took them to the Court at Woodside, where they arrived about midniffht. On fa-vine to rmfc them in thn wll he found one oi them, a young man aged twenty-four, dead, and another in a dying condition; but by strenuous exertions Dr. Esau brought him round. The affair ha3 caused a great sensation in the township. There will be an inquest to-morrow, Gawler Union Cricket Club.— A meeting of the Gawler Cricket Club was held on Saturday evening, the 3rd inst, at the Prince Albert Hotel, for the purpose of presenting the highest average batter and best average bowler with a bat and ball. There was a large attendance of members, and Mr. W. R. Ross occupied the chair, Mr. E. H. Coombe (Hon. Secretary) gave anaccornt of their past season's performances, and thought the club could compliment itself on its success, consi dering the difficulties they had had to contend with. Now that the men had the Saturday half-holiday in Gawler he thought it would materially advance their interests during the coming season. The Chairman then, in eulo gistic terms, presented Mr. T. Coombe with a bat and Mr. E. Starling with a ball for the best average in batting and bowling respec tively. Both gentlemen suitably acknowledged the gift, after which an interesting conversa tion took place on matters affecting the future welfare of the club. AMaksupialGhost.— Out [Albury Banner) Corowa correspondent writes :— ' For years it has been reported that a ghost of a murdered man haunted theBillabon^. I have much pleasure in informing any travellers that the reported Billabong ghost, owing to the late stringent measures adopted by the Stock and Pastures Board, has fallen a victim to the rifle of the hunter. It turns out to be a white kangaroo, the skin of which his been purchased Dy Mr. H. Culley, of Urana.' VoLrNTEEK Rail way-Passes.— The Areas Express states that 'some indignation has been felt among the volunteers by a new regulation requiring their free passes to be countersigned by the Colonel-Commandant. We understand that this was not known to the captains of companies, who gave their men passes as usual. It is not pleasant for an innocent man to be stopped under circum stances of some indignity and annoyance.' 