JSOHOliS OF MBLBOURN -, I (From our otfn carrodpondent.) Nov. 27., The thunder clouds whioh overhung tho Ministry, and portendod stormy woather at llie beginning of tho weok huve blown over. I3ut there aro still rumblings and milt torings, which the politically weutherwise nflirm aro indicative of troublous times. Thre'itciiud people, howovor, as the proverb .affirms, live long, ar.d Sir Bryan O'Loglilen anil hU col leagues are not likely to prove an exceplioii to tbe rule. If. tho knotty point could bo sottled as to who tho successors of the pre eont Govcr'nmon't.are to be, shurt work would bo tnade of the'present incumbe.jts of office'. Even the almost certain dissolution' which would follow on a hostile vote, w^uld nut' deter honourable ihembers from administering tho coup-ae grace, li only tney couia agree as to the component elements of tho hex*, team. Before voting tho Ministry out, a large num ber of gentlemen want to know who they are voting in. And there is a pretty general feeling in the Assembly that the time in our colonial history has come whan some neiv men should bo allowed to come to the front. Mr Kerferd, ;Mr Francis, Mr Munro, Mr Gillies, and Mr Wrixon are 'inevitables' on one side, as are Mr Berry, Major Smith, and Sir 'Patterson on the other. In any coalition' most of those name^ would be found, and the rank and file of tho House who for a dozen years or more have occupieJ seats, -but have as yet never enjoyed, the sweets of office, object to to pall the ches nnts out of the fire, unless they are assured that some of them, at least, will fall to their share. Having once held office is deemed to establish a claim to holding it again, and thus the changes-are rung, the same well known names appearing1 in every list. Wero ?Mr Gillies not entirely absorbei in passing the Tramway Bill he could undoubtedly at once become the loader of a powerful parly in the Assembly.' Members for both sides of tho House would be content to serve un der his leadership, who do not feel inclined to cast' in their lot with' Mr Francis, Mr Berry, or any of the recognised chiefs of parties or factions, who, whatever good purpose they have fulfilled in past days ure now felt to be ' played out.' There was at the beginning of the present session some talk of the for mation of an Australian party, with the member for Rodney as its chief. Has the constitutional laziness of Mr Gillios put un ena to tue aspirations ot too younger mem bers of the Legislature or have Tramway Bills, as some people think, greater al lurements than office 7 Hardly has Melbourne recovered fro n its severe attack of racing mania than a new phase of what our Gallic friends term ' Le Sport' develops itself. The talk is now of cricket. Tho team brought out by the Honourable Ivo Bligh was the cynosure of all eyes, until Murdoch and the Australian Eleven came and 'put tiieir noses out of joint.' The enthusiasm with which 'our boys' wore received on their return was worth witnessing, rtau uora yv olesley Himself: with all his blushing honours fresh upon him, landed in our midst, he most assuredly could not have been received with greater eclat than our Victorian wielders of the willow and trundlers of the ball. There were ex cited crowds at the railway station to greet them, four horse drags to . convey them to the Town Hall, tho Mayor of ' the Queen City of the South' in attendance to propose their healths, and oceans of champagne in which to drink it. And when it is borue in mind, that besides all this honour, every member of the team has the substantial satisfaction of having cleared upwards of a thousand pounds, by what has virtually been a pleasure trip, the exclamation of an admir ing youngster in the crowd of onlookers ' at Spencer street station on the occasion -of tne .racepiion is naraiy to be wondered at ? ' By golly, Bill, I'd sooner be one of the Australian Eleven than even a member of the Assembly.' Dr Youl has again fallen foul of a public body. A lad fourteen years of age went' to tho city baths during the, dinner hour. He was unable to swim, and, although in only six feet of water, was drowned, the caretaker of the baths looking on meanwhile, power less to save the lad. because he. too. wns ; ig- norant of the natatoty art; ' Fancy tho care taker of the Corporation swimming baths un able to swim . Persons unacquainted with the workings of the civic mind will perhaps think with Dr Youl, tbe coroner, that a knowledge of swimming should havo been oneol the tirst requisites m any applicant for the post of head of a swimming establish ment. No so, however, the city fathers, who appear to have acted as much on the lucus a non lucendo principle as did Mr Berry when that gentleman made his celebrated promo tions of the members of his own family in con sequence of their 'known ability.' The little attention people could bestow on anvthin? outside the nriekfif.int* wnrlri lino been given to the rifle matches which have prevailing during the week, and have just terminated. These intercolonial gatherings appear to be yearly growing in popularity, °a rather fortunate circumstance, when it is re mombered that in the event of a hostile visit our 'safety would in a great measure depend on the efficiency of our citizen army, and their proficiency with the arms of precision in use at the present time. Not the least interesting among the matches was the con test between some of the state schools of the colony, where tho young idea is taught how ?'to shoot,' and tho ' delightful task' forms a part of the curriculum of study. In view; of recent events would it-not be well if all attendants at State schools were compelled to learn to swim ? To save one's own life, and often that of a fellow being, is surely quite as useful an acquirement as a knowledge of how best to deprive a human being of his existence. by means of powder and ball. Poace! has' not of late reigned supreme within the walls of that .exclusive coterie, the Melbourne Club, inclusion in whose ranks is to some ; of the- 'wealthy lower orders' the ultima' thule pf- tlieir, ambition. In fact, if the expression is permissible in re gard to such an aristocratic locality; there has been a ' row' Which,- but for the fortu nate occurrence of a jviiidovy catch . prevent ing the opening of a casement,- might have resulted disastrously for one of the, parties to the jracas, ' It. appears that- for somo little time past the entente cordiale between a certain gallant captaiq, who', until , recently, occupied an important position in (he Gov ernment service of the colony, and an equally gallnnt colonel, retired from tho Imperial forces, has been somewhat disturbed. ; Mat ters were brought to a climax *ode'.dajr , last week, when, stung by 'som'e. remark more than' ordinarily offensive, the colonel rose from the table, and Beized his opponent with a view of throwing him out of the window. Bespits thftstnigfflos and the fourteen stone weight of the captain, ho' would most assuredly, have Iound himself in the ' area' 'of tiie' Club kitchen hud'tlie window not bneii close I. Ail iiivestiguti'011 into the affair -is to-. ha held by the Club Committee, but up to tho pros cut tho whole matter ban boen kept 'very close: Tho' members of the Melbourne Club evi dently aro beliovers in the policy of observ ing the advice tendered in the Napoleonic maxim of 'washing thoir dirty linen at home.'. The writer who says that ail persons have t.wo lives— an inner aud an outer one — cer- tainly must havo been a careful student of human nature. Operatic singers for in stance, who before the curtain are ull.lovo and tenderness and harmony, are often in tiieir every day existence hnrd 'business people, keen at driving a barga:ii and rigid in en forcing it. There -havo of late been soveral law suits iu which members of the theatrical profession have been involved, and another has beon added to the list. Miss Emilie Melville (Mrs Derby) is suing Messrs Wil liamson, Garner, and Musgrave for wrongful dismissal, and those gentlemen are interpos ing all the legal obstncles with which lawyers know li -w to odge round the administration of justice in order to defend the case. On Saturday application was m ado to the Chief Justice to compel the fair plaintiff to furnish | security for costs in the suit sho has brought, on the groand that she was a foreigner, re siding outsi le the jurisdiction of the court' His Honur reserved his decision; but iu all probability as Miss Melville h really domi ciled at San Francisco, she will bo called upon to comply with the defendant's demand. Some Irish landlord has been hoaxing tho editor of Truth, who in his issuo of March 23rd tells the following anecdote. An Irish landlord, meeting a tenant who owed him considerable arrears of rent, said : — ' Well, Mick, when are yon. going to pay me my rent?1' 'To be sure I will your honour,' was I he reply, ' when the suspects are let out.' Then, crossing himself, the tenant added in Irish: — In nanem anar augus avick angns a sprid nave, Amen;' ' which it is, perhaps, unnecessary to say,' adds Truth 'when translated into English means, ? May they not he let out for the next seven years. the real meaning of the words thus phonetically misspelt is, ' In the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. Amen.' . And the ^correct spelling is, » A uamin a Nathar, agns a Mhic, agus a Spioraid Naoimh. Ainen.' ', The correspondent of the London Standard leatns that ' Arabi now admits that the national programme was a great mistake, and grieves over the misfortun os he has brought upon his country. Seein^ the manner - in which they treat their prisoners and care for the Egyptian wounded, he says that tho English are a great people, and he is heartily sorry that he fought them. When asked what was the best thing that the English could do for Egypt, he s-iid that lie should first send all tho Notables and men connected with the recent rebellion whose name is legion, out of the country! If we do not do so vengeance will surely be wreaked upon them aftor our departure, disorder would arise therefrom, and Tewfik find himself again in trouble. Arabi has now no confidence in an Egyptian Chamber, but thinks that' if the English would lay down strict rules as to its election and powers, the experimeut might be tried. He asserts that he never thought that the English would send a large army to assist the Khedive, and so was led into war. After hostilities began he was always expecting intervention on the part of other Powers. He has repeatedly denied having had any aom'munication with the Sultan.' | The report of Ml- Juland Dan vers on the working of the Indian railways for the past year (the Observer says) is of more than ordinary interest, being the last which he will present. The task in fnturo will be undertaken by Government officials in India arid Mr Danvers takes the opportunity of I giving a review of the progress of tbe rail way system thore since 1860, when he first undertook the duties which ho has so ably and efficiently performed.- The results of the working of the past year have been eminently satisfactory, and may bn summed up in the fact that the total net earnings on all the linos yielded n return of nearly £5 3s per cent, por annum as compared with £4 15s in 1880, while as' regards the present year it is anticipated that tho revenue will excoed that of any previous year. Probably however, attention will be chiefly drawn to the resume which Mr Danvers gives of the 22 years working. In that period very sreat changes have tuken place in the Indian rail way system, and marked progress has boen made. Tbe mileage open has grown since 1860 from 1842 miles to 9,875 miles, and the capital expenditure from about 32 millions, on which the net return earned was 18s per cent, per annum, to 134 millions in 1881, Several policies have been tried in the building up of the system. As Mr Danvers says, the state guarantee originally given to companies, of 5 per cent, may, with our present experience, seem opon to objection} ? but, without a guarantee, the lines would not have been made, the speculation at first beinLc regarded with doubt. The system o state railways inaugurated in 1870 has been most useful, and as they are developed they will doubtless become moro profitable. The agency of private companies, however, under a modified arrangement, has again boen resorted to for tho extension of the Indian railway syatom. Enormous im provements in the moral and material welfare of tho people have been introduced by tho railways now in operation, which, indeed, form not th'e, least of the \benefits conferred on our Indian empire by British rule.' ? Eukctrio Lights in. Sea. Fisiiino.— A French paper reports a trial. 'by government, permission ot an electric lure for nea fish. It consists of an electric lisjht in a glass | globe ,vith a device for . sinking it to the rdesir&d; depth. As soon as the light is turned on tho, sea in ,ita; vicinity is illumi .nated brilliantly, and the fish, over whom r light is well known to exercise an irresistible, .influence at night, come, eagerly, and some limes in -large ; schools, withiu the rays. They;inay be seen 1 from above disbortinc themselves in the unniccustomed brightness and little dreaming of the .siniBtsr purposo with Which the little fete is organised for them.' It is then that other fishing boats, armed with nets, come up and set to work at ? the' unconscious victims, which -they surrouad as '? well as they' can without interfering, with -the apparatus connected with the lighted'globe. It may be supposed i that thia dovicO is calculated to oporato with much deadly- effect whenever it is usod; und there seems to bo much doubt whether it wili ovor bo allowed as n rocoguisod kind of fishing withiu territorial waters.. IudeuJ,.tho license granted by the govornmont is said to bo merely provisional, and for tho purposo of testing the new machino. — Scientific American. Tuii Wangaralta Despatch narrates the following particulars of a romarkable accident which occurred at Eldorado on Thursday evening last : — ' It appears a girl aged about 10 years, daughter of Mr Mr M'Gregor, was standing on tho road when a person on horseback was passing, aud before the poor girl could got out of tho way tho animal stumbled nnd fell on top of her. In stumbling the animal some how threw up a lump of a stick 4 feet long and about tbe thickuess of a man's wrist. I In falling thebluut ond of the stick was iu contact with the horse's shoulder, the sharp end meeting the girl's right breast. Tho weight of tho falling horse sent the stick right through the poor child's body, entering at the. right breast and eomiug out at her back by the shoulder, and then entering the ground, pinning her to the earth. The mother of the poor girl after several in effectual attempts, succeeded in dragging the stick out of the poor little sufferer's body, the end being still covered with earth after coming right through, the precaution of cleaning the end before drawing it not having been thought of. So great was the force which sent the wood through the; child's body that all the bark was peelod, off. Dr Haley did all in his power for the' poor little sufferer, but considers the case a; hopeless one. | 'Rcssia-'s Offjci/il Hangman. — The Russian hangman is a convict- who was sen tenced to death for robbery and murder, but the penalty was commuted to imprisonment for life upon the condition that he should perform the duties of executioner whenever called upon, He'has been confined in Mos cow during the past fifteen years, and is sent from there, under a strong guard, to Kieff, Odessa, and St. Petersburg, as his services may be required iu one or the other of those cities. A visit to this man is described by Victor Tissot, a French author, in a work on Russia and the Russians, recently published in Paris. He found the executioner repos ing after the exertion of hanging the two Nihilist?, Pressniakoff and Kiviatkowski. A young woman of attractive appearance, with a child in her arms, was with him. She was his wife. The comforts of matrimony had not been denied him, and he seems to have 1 had no difficulty, notwithstanding his condi tion and work, in finding a Woman to marry him. The hangman's face is described as stolid rather thau terrible or repulsive. He has abnormally long arms, and is said to be possessed of herculean strength. He was spoken of as having '? the strength of 20 men.' One day there was a rovolt in the prison, and he was summoned to help to subdue the prisoners. He rushed in among them and killod three with his bare hands. 