THE PARLIAMENT ? ? » ( For other Parliament, see pp. 11 c. -i HOUSE OF ASSEMBLY. Thuksdat, August 10 QUESTIONS. In reply to Mr. Henning, the f ' *\ SIONER OF CROWN LANDS saitf ft, waa the intention of the Government to introduce a Bill at an early date to amend the Brand Act— In reply to Mr. Rockseveli, -? the CHIEF SECRETARY stated that sheep ?cards had been provided at the Burra railwav station. A report would be obtained as to the necessity of cattle yards.— *-a reply to Mr. Beast, the COMMISSIONER OF CROWN LANDS said immigration deposit amounts were returned in cases when immi grants did not arrive in the colony if appli cation was made for repayment, and it; was -. shown that the person nominated had been unable or had declined to avail himself o£ the certificate. No regulation authorised this repayment, but the practice had been in force for^ several years. A fee was charged on returning the deposit ; if the person nomi nated declined to emigrate, a fee of 10s. 6i was charged and credited to 'fines, fees, and forfeitures.' This practice had been in force by authority of Cabinet for several years.— In reply to Mr. Rees, who asked whether the Government intended to build ar school at Monarto on section 486 or section 2013, Gum Gully, and to expend the sum of £450 already voted, the MINISTER o£ ^EDUCATION said a difference of opinion existed as to whicb of the two sites named should be selected. The district inspector was now visiting Monarto, and as soon as his report was received the necessary steps for the erection of the school would be taken. — In reply to the same member, the MINISTER of EDUCATION stated that his attention had been called by the Board of Advice to the absence of school appliances in the Spring field school, near Kanmantoo, and arrange ments had been made for the school appliances to be sent to Springfield this week CROWN LANDS BILL. In Committee. — Clause 8. Remission of it-** 1«rest to certain selectors. Mr COLES moved to strike out this clause iu order that; he might insert the one of which he had given notice, making the interest .paid pirt of the purchase-money. Our position now was very different to what it was a few years &£Q. During the last two or three years we had resumed, surveyed, and offered for selection land which was totally unfit for agricultural purposes, or with regard to -which at least the rainfall being very irregular rendered the reaping of crops a very uncertain matter. When he had addressed the Home on this Sill about a month ago he had thought: that the distress of the f armefsi n 5 he north bad been exaggerated, but now that peases Jiad been brought under his own personal observation he found that the amount of distress was really under-estimated. He ?argued strongly in favor of 'the clause which he intended to bring forward, saying that i£ the farmers knew that every farthing they paid brought them nearer to the purchase of their land, they would take heart and manage to cope with bad seasons. He ventured to say that the Government would not lose £100,000 if his clause were carried, because the Government never expected to receive all the money overdue by farmers, and to make this concession world be simply to give ?up what had never been expected. Unless some such amendment as he had suggested was agreed to he was very much afraid that much of the land now held by the selectors, would revert to the Crown.— Mr. HARDY moved as a prior amendment to that sug gested by Mr. Coles, to strike out the word ' three' in the twentieth line and insert ' one.' It was unfair to.say arbitrarily that the clause should only apply to a man who ?had had three successive bad seasons, because the man who had only reaped one crop would very often be in an infinitely worse position. — Mr. ROUNSEVELL was about to move a similar amendment to that moved by Mr. Hardy. Whilst willing to support the clause brought forward by Mr. Coles he thought it; ?would be unwise to strike out clause 8, which was one of the best in this measure. (Sir. Ward— 'Hear, hear,' and Mr. Gilbert— ! 'No.') As the clause stood at present, how ever, the most deserving selectors would find themselves outside the pale of relief. (Hear, -hear.J-^-Mr. PLAYFORD said it was no use tinkering with the clause. If the House : agreed to the policjr propounded by the Farmers' Association it would b« the best course to strike out thisclauae andia« isert that of which Mr. Coles had given no tice—The Hon. J. CARR sai.i if the clause were struck out, and Mr. Coles' clause were not passed, no further amendments could be made in the clause until the rest of the Bill had been passed. (Hear, hear). If .it were good policy to accept iAtr. Coles* clause, it would also be good policy to accept clause 8, which provided for relief to the selector. (Hear, near). There was no doubt that those selectors who had only been on thf- land for two years, and had reaped two : bad crons. were entitled to consideration. It: might be well to strike out the word 'for' preceding the word 'three successive seasons' and insert the word 'during,'— Mr, WARD- strongly objected to the stoking out of the clause contending that it was altogether/ irrespective of the general principle as to whether the interest should be regarded as part of the purchase- money. — The CHIEF SECRETARY asked that the clause might be formally passed, remarking that it could- afterwards be recommitted, whether Mr. Coles's new clause was agreed to or not.— Mr. COLES accepted the sugges tion. In reply to Mr. Wakd, he said he wished to give the farmers more than tempo rary relief by making them a present of the whole instead of merely a part of the- interest on their purchase-money. The clause if passed as it stood would lead to no end of complication. It would- be difficult to obtain the required returns, and when they were obtained they would not be reliable. He would, however, withdraw his amendment on the understanding that the clause woald be recommitted.— Mr. HARDY withdrew hig amendment on the same understanding. — Mr. GILBERT objected to the clause altogether. It was wrong- in nrinciole. and would not lie workable. There would be, in the first plaee, j^eat difficulty in obtaininf!rcorrectreturns,and in the second place he considered the clause unfair to selectors who had been on the land for many years, who had in many instances paid £10 per acre for their land, and who had ' had to contend with great difficulties in the past. Another point was that some farmers did not bring to bear the same energy and skill in cultivating their laud as others did, and yet this clause made no distinction whatever between slovenly and careful farmers, so that it would simply have the effect of encouraging bad cultivation. The principle ipfthe clause was utterly vicious, —Mr. BRIGHT admitted that there would be a great difficulty in arriving at a conclu sion as to who among applicants for relief were entitled to it ; but fie hoped that the . class to whom the relief was to be' givers would be defined in. the Bill before it passed. . He would strongly oppose the abolition at one fell swoop of all interest payments. — Mr. FUKNER considered the principle of re mission embodied in this clause radically wrong. It would be preferable, he held, to give the farmers extended credit. — Mr. JOHNSON said the more the Bill was dis cussed the more strongly marked became the ? difference of opinion among members on the subject. He thought the best way out of the difficulty would be to establish two or three land courts in the country to deal with every case of distress upon its merits. The court might consist of the Commissioner of Crowa Lands and two ex-commissioners. (Laughter;) —Mr. COLES said thenew clause he proposed, to make interest go towards the purchase money, would permanently settle the land question. Otherwise the country would want a new Land Bill every year» —Mr. HENNING wished to know what amount the Government expected to lose if the clause were passed ; how they proposed to check the claims sent in for relief ; and whether they proposed to remit the whole of the interest on the whole of the selection ; whether the farmer had cultivated 50 or 503 acres.— The COMMISSIONER of CROWK LANDS said the Government estimated the amount that would have to be struck off pro viding the clause was passed at something like £120,000. As to the means the Government would take to check the returns he said that as far as possible the returns received from the selectors themselves would be checked by the Government statistics, and he quoted figures to show that the Government statis tics had proved much more reliable than some members seemed to think. He con sidered it unfair to charge the farmers as a class with sending in false returns. (Mr. Playford — 'I have received hundreds.') Well, that was not his experience. — Mr. BAGSTER would prefer that the clause should be struck out altogether. The prin ciple was a bad one, and he would prefer the adoption of a system of extended credit, as previously suggested. The clause was then formally agreed to, it being understood that it would be rectounitted. Clause 9. Amendment of cultivation clause in agreements.— Mr. PLAYFORD opposed the clause. The cultivation clauses of onr Act were the greatest safeguards we had against dummyism. The farmers bad not asked for this concession excepting those who lived in the south-east, and it 'would be injurious to the bona fide selector, and would open the way to invasions of the Act, The next clause provided for all possible contingencies. The COMMISSIONER * of CROWN LANDS said the Government only said that thef armer should not be compelled to cultivate more than one-tenth of his land, and he thought it was unwise for them to say to men in the far north that they should be compelled to culti vate more than one-fif fch of their land. The concession had certainly been asfced tor. xt; was asked for by one branch of the arviiitiori; a»t would be o «c- the sefeikttHir- in 4foesouth i ia hundreds lilro those of Telowic— Mi-. GOLES pointed sry possible (case was met by the which gayej the Commissioner lit the cnltiviation clauses in cer es.— Mr. BRIGHT intended to e proper time that the clause nfined to those selectors who had rsonal residence on their selec :Hon. J. GARB, said onr expe rience unae'r Strangways' Act was that per sonal residence of itself was not a sufficient protection against dummyism, and he thought that by reducing the amount of cul tivation they were making dummyism -easy. (Hear, hear.) Hie nextclaase would provide for all that was required.— After farther dis cussion the COMMISSIONEB of CBOWJ5J Z/AKDS said if the House would agree to the next clause the Government-would agree to clause 9 being struck out. (Mr. Playford — ' Ko.') The clause Teas struck out. Clause 10. Connnissioner may in certain cases remk cultivation and residence con ditions.— Mr. STIRLING moved to add after the word 'lease' the words 'heretofore made or executed.' He wished to make the clause retro.-peetire, or else they would be offering a premium to selectors to take up land in order that they might get the culti vation clauses remitted.— Mr. PLAYFOBD strongly objected to the extreme power placed in the hands of the Commissioner of Crown Iiacds, and expressed the opinion that this ?would be very dangerous, inasmuch as the Commissioner would not always know Ihe exact circumstances of a case. There ?were, however, cases in which he, if he were Commissioner, would like to exercise the power of remitting the culti vation clauses, and perhaps with the amend inent suggested the clause would not work go badly as it might otherwise do. — The ATTOKNEY-GEIfJSBAL said the Govern ment accepted tbc amendment because it made cioarer what the clause intended to imply. He asked hoa. members to say that it would not be wise to insist on the cultiva ?rion clauses being carried out in cases where ijjt^and was unlit for agricultural operations. -3&r.; BRIGHT agreed that there should be a remission of the cultivation clauses of the Act in certain respects, but he intended to oppose that provision which allowed a remis sion of the residence clauses for six mouths, as that would, in bis opinion, lead to dum anyism.— Sir. BOUKSEVELL agreed with the clause if the amendment were car ried, and said the country would be to a large extent protected in this matter because a return would have to be laid before Par liament dining the recess, showing what cases had come under consideration. — ill-. HOWE ;aid dummyism was no doubt very deplorable, but he remarked that the clause proposed by Mr. Coles would, if passed, give the death-blow to dummyism. He urged that, as in other countries, there should be a -slasstacati- n of the land.— Mr. LAXDSEER did cot think that in the past any great harm Siad been done by the cultivation clauses. The fact that there was a good deal of land in some huncreds not suitable &r; agriculture was appreciated by many selectors, because instead of being blocked in they had a good outrun for their stock. — Mr. COLES thought that if the remission of the cultivation clause was agreed to, power ought also be given to remit the residence conditions. It would be very hard to compel men to plough money into the land year after year, and therefore lie thoroughly endorsed the principle of giving the Commissioner of Crown Lands power to remit the cultivation clauses altogether. He supported the clause with the amendment. — Mr. HOWS! contended that so long as the present system obtained the clause should be made prospective. If farmers were compelled to cultivate land anfit for cultivation they would not plough it froperly but simply scratch it.— Mr. JOSN ON said the hon. member for Stanley com plained that there was no classification of the jand. The fact was that the farmers classi fied the land themselves. The land was pot , aip at 2Cj. per acre, and the-f armer thought it was worth more he could bid a higher price. By this mean the land was practically classified.— The words -c or lease ' occurring in the clause were struck out, and the words ? ' heretofore made or executed' were inserted, —air. HENMNG proposed to strike out the words giving the Commissioner power to remit the condition er covenant for jjersonal residence for any period not exceed ing six months.— Mr. PIid-YFOBD thought power to remit the residence condition, in exceptional cases ought always to be re served to the -Comoaissioner of Crown'tands. -T-The amendment was withdrawn, and the clause as amended was then passed. Clause U. — Amendment of section 30 of Crown Lands Consolidation Act. — Mr. COLES thought the law with regard to the clearing and cultivation of scrublands should lie allowed to stand as at present. He/saw no reason why the area of land to be cleared should be increased, and moved that the clause bestrackodt.— TheCOMMISSEOIfEB OF CBOWN £jAK1-S aaid the provisions-o£ the clause had beenasked for by the Farmers' Association, and they had been intro duced into the Sill in consequence -of the improvements that had been anadeinthe machinery used for clearing scrub - lands.— Mr. KOU2TSEVELL referred!*) the great reduction in the cost of preparing scrub lands for cultivation consequent on the in troduction of new, and improved machinery, and urged that the clause was an improve ment of the present law. If our valuable scrub lands were to be sold at a very low rate steps certainly should be taken to have a fair portion of them cleared and cultivated within . a reasonable timo after selection. — Mr. SAUTES opposed* the clause, considering that in many cases it would result in a waste of useful timber, and urging with regard to the use of mullenising ploughs and other im plements for clearing scrub lands that they did considerable harm to the country, as tke stumps were left in the ground, and con sequently as much of the land was really covered by wood the yield per acre was reduced, and the average for the whole colony was brought down. — Mr. PLAYFOKD contended that clause 12 wrould meet the case, inasmuch as it would give the Commissioner power to offer the land without the cash buyer coming in. The clause was struck out on the following division, the question being put that the clause should stand as printed :— Ans, 14—. Attorney-General, Chief Secretary, Minister ~ of Education, Treasurer, and Messrs. Gilbert, Hardy, Liandseer, Newiand, Playford, Bees, Ifounsevell, Smith, Townsend, and Commis sioner of Crown Lands, teller. Koes, 15— Mcssr&Bagster;, Basedow, Bower, Hon. J. Carr, Messrs. Cooke, Fraser, Howe, Haines, Kingston, Martinson, Mortlock, Moyie, Ten nant, TomMnson, and Coles, teller. Ayes, 14 ; isoes, lo ; majority for Noes, 1. The House resumed, and the committee obtained leave to sit again on Thursday next. SUPPLY— THE BOT-GET SPEECH. In Committee.— Legislature, £13,236 Is. Air. TOMKINSOK intended to make a few general remarks upon the Treasurer's finan cial statement, but so far as the Government policy was concerned he would wait until the further returns promised were laid on the table before expressing any opinion. Long Jx-iere he had been a member of that Home successive Treasurers had trenched on the land fund to meet an ever increasing ordinary I c-^penditure, which ought to have been de iiaj-rd from the revenue, and he had assumed that the House had decided that in future thereshouldbe nodistinction between revenue derived from taxation and that derived from land, which latter was the capital x-i the colony. This had seemed to him to-be a reckless proceeding, but the confidence ?with which it had been sanctioned in the past, and what seemed to be the present dis position of the House^ deterred one from making a stand with a view of pulling up oar headlong career into debt. He illustrated this point by referring to the heavy expen diture recently sanctioned for military pur. poses. The Treasurer appeared within the last nine days to have found out that it. was impossible to fay £473,000 interest on our public loans out of revenue, and this was a great contrast with his flightaness when making Ms budget speech. The Treasurer -appeared to be going on too fast, aad iiis successor in 1886 would not have much heart for a jubilee exhibition. He (Mr. Tomkinson) maintained that sa expendi ture of half a million yearly was as much as ?we -were justified in expending on public works with a population of under 300,093 ?without interfering with the labor market and private enterprise. What the House should do was to provide liberally for, immigration, id* immigration in reality cost the colony nothing in .the long run. In answer to the argument used by Mr, Johnson, who said that an increase of the immigration vote was followed by an increase of destitute persons, he urged that it was only the lused-up labor that went to the asylum and that labor must be replaced. He Jad intended to refer to -the wild plunge for popularity made by Mr. Playford on the taxation question, but that hon. member not *-eiEg m his place he would take another opportunity of referring to the matter. Touching the action of the Treasurer in selling our bonds to the Savings Bank, he must express his entire approval of it for it vas from a' points of view the best arrange ment that could be made. He was only sorry that lie could not hope to persuade the Trea surer not to go on the London market for a loan this year. (Laughter.) He announced his intention, if possible, of reducing the expenditure on judicial and. legal -establish- ments, ediKattaffli, JJhawtaMp 3T-gfcifrnfr.i»-T)^ BiTlfl military defences, and he expressed his regret that owing to a mistake -made by the House last session, when passing the Civil Service Act, so large an amount had. to be provided sow for the payment of retiringallowancesand gratuities to the civil servants. (Eear,hear.J— Mr. 1A2SJBSEER was pleased to find our financial position so satisfactory, considering the bad season through which, the colony had passed. The Treasurer had, he thought, hit about the happy medium in regard to-the revenue from Customs; but the question whether the convention with New -South Wales should be continued was one calling for serious consideration. The present con vention was a hard- and-fast bargain, giving South Australia tiie right of doing business with Kew South Wales only by the river, and he thought it strange that we should be called upon to pay £47,500, seeing that if the river was closed we bad not the ghost of a chance of trading with the other colony. . A condi lion should have been introduced into the agreement providing that upon the river being closed for two, three, or four months we should be allowed to forward our goods to the New South Wales border. Queensland met us in a most honorable and straightforward way, although we paid her nothing, and formed a striking contrast in this ^respect to Kew South Wales. He hoped that the Trea surer would be able to make a batter and more reasonable arrangement with Kew South Wales than that at pre sent existing. With regard to our railways,, lie thought we had much to be rejoiced at ; and lie considered that great credit was due to Mr. Pendleton for the excellent manner in ?which our railway system ' was managed. (Hear, hear.) The-land revenue was aserious point to consider. The land question was far from being settled, and it was impossible to calculate what would be the results of our legislation in the future. He was afraid that unless the House were very careful the land would slip into the hands of capitalists, and ihe country -would be turned into one large sheep- walk. All that they could do at present was to assist, as the Government proposed to do, -those selectors who from no fault of their own had been put in a position of distress ; it was simply impossible to grant the extra ordinary concessions asked for by some members. He thought it would be un wise to spend a large amount of money in getting up an International Exhibition in Adelaide. We were not. a manufacturing colony, we had but few simple products, and an exhibition would do us but little good as compared with the large amount that would have to be expended to make it a success. He was also opposed to the construction of aa overland line to Melbourne. This railway could not be considered one of development, as the character of the country through which it would pass was almost valueless, and considering that the cost of the line at the most favorable estimate would be £9S7,S72, he thought it would prove any thing but a reproductive work. Indeed, he believed that if works of thiskind were carried out the bind fund would have to be used to a much greater extent than had been the case in the past. He also urged that if a railway were made to 'victoria all the trading advantages arising froai it would go to the neighboring colony. The Victorians were a thorough business people, they were com mercially much stronger than we were, and it was certain that if a railwav were, made connecting us with that large and powerful colony, we should be the sufferers. It would be far better in his opinion to construct a railway from Adelaide to Wentworth. He argueiat some length in favor of this line as against that to the Victorian border, and. illustrated his argument by referring to the factthat the Orient steamers preferred to call at Melbourne and. leave us out in the cold, Melbourne being the great commercial centre of the colonies. At the suggestion of Mr. SYMON' and the Bon. J. COLTON progress was reported, and the committee obtained leave to sit again on Tuesday. POLLI2fG- PLACEATWILLOWIEEASX. Mr. 2JEWLAKD, for Mr. TESS A3ST, moved that the necessary steps for declaring Willowie East a polling-place in the District of Flinders, should be taken. On the motion of theATTOBNEY-GENEBAL the debate was adjourned. 