THE LOST PREMIER. A Premier sailed out in a good steamshippe — Yeo ho, and the winds were low — He sailed hym out on a rounde-ye-world trippe, Hys staffe stayed behind, but he carried his scrippe, And likewise hys good long-bow. Ye shippe sailed merrilie on and on — Yeo ho, and the winds were low — And Watson and Brown, and jocose Sir John, Were not plunged in grief, tho' their leader was gone — In short, they survived the blow. And merrie ye trippe, and merrie ye breeze (The winds were not always low), And softlie ye odours of Austral seas Swept over ye Premier as he lay at ease, In hys state-cabin below. Now with hym there sailed a clerklie wight — Yeo ho, and the winds were low — Much cunnynge, in soothe, hadde he to write Ye chronikyll of ye trippe, in fytte And verse — and romance alsoe ! Thys chronikler tolde ye storye true — Yeo ho, and the winds were low — Of ye Premier's progress — hys comynge untoe Ye Golden Gates, and hys passynge through — But no more from hym we know. If thys scribe has forgathered with Brigham Young (Yeo ho, perhaps the funds were low), Or with Sitting Bull, or whether among Ye Bowerie belles he tarrieth, hung With sylkenne bondes, we know Nothynge ; thys chronikyll cannot telle — Yeo ho, and the winds were low — But alle went merrie as a marriage bell With our Premier, so e'en if he went to — well, Perhaps of this we've said de trop. It mattereth lyttel, ye Parkes recked notte (Yeo ho, how the winds did blow), Hys trippe went on, and well we wotte How lyttel he rneth ye hapless lotte Of hys friends, be they high or low. Now ye Premier he sought ye healthful sprynges (Yeo ho, and the winds were low) Of youth ; he sought in ye change of thynges Ye rejuvenate vigour that travel brynges To ye wanderer to and fro. So he posed on his trip as an invalid — Yeo ho, and the winds sighed low — And day by day he went ' off hys feed,' As ye vulgar say, till he looked, indeed, In professional phrase, So-so ' — Until he arrived in London. Then, Yeo ho, how the time did go, A1 (a-oner) at Lloyd's (which hys name is Ben), Soon showed hym round to ye talkee men, And taught hym ye ropes, I trow. And by dint of persistently talkynge shoppe (Yeo ho, how the man did blow), He was banqueted untoe ye verge of apop- Lexy — that is, and thys hint we droppe Ryghte here, before we goe Any further with thys veracious tale — Yeo ho, we repeat, yeo ho — If the victim had been but in average hale And vigorous health — but being an ail- j Ing man, things differ, you know. But ye ende was comynge ; a dreddefulle ende (Yeo ho, read this stanza low) Dydde ye direful Fates to their viotim sende, An ende whyche ye bounteous gods forfende, Ye Fates should ye good folke owe. He dreams — j Ye withering spectre — ye newsman appeared j (Ye chronikler thys, yeo ho), And he laughed an eldreich laugh, as hys weird Gaunt form, and his face, and hys floating beard Moved shadow-like to and fro. And he beckoned ye Parkes from ye haunts of men (How hys flesh dydde creep, yeo ho), Through many a fog, and brake, and fen, And charnel drear, and ghost- like glen, And haunt whyche grymme spectres know, To a spot where uprose a Speaker's chair — Yeo ho, how he laughed, ho ! ho ! — And figures a-many were gathered there : Forster ye cynical, and Reid ye fair, And Gopeland, and manie moe. And soon was ye Parkes disposed of by them — Yeo ho, how the votes did go — Ye indictment was read— how very ephem- Eral seemed ye past then — it was carried there, nem Con. — he was sent below. Such ye dreddefulle end of ye lost Premier — Yeo ho, and the winds were low — Who posed as a dubious invalid here, But revelled in ' banquets and skittles and beer ' In lands afar, on two thousand a-year — A trifling gift of hys people dear, Deceived by his wiles and his doctor's gear. Such the doom severe — such the penalty drear — Such the fate austere of the lost Premier — Of the knight with the good long-bow. L'Envoi. To ye moral of thys simple lyttel tale Good folkes, pray listen alle ; Never snubbe ye scribe, and don't never ye fail To advertise well ; always pay on the nail. For a rounde-ye- world trippe unless in hale And robust health, never go on the loose, And don't dine too much, unless you'd choose To have bad dreams, and ye grimme night-mare, And be lost— like ye Parkes, and — Ah ! well, there — Quant, stiff. — let ye curtain falle. 