AFTER A 500 YEAKS : DREAM. BY WATCHMAN. • ,' One night as I sat musing there, came : into my hands a boolc entitled the ' Republic of 1 materialism:' which, when I liad finished I said, to myself " Oh, then there is 110 rcom for God,: though there be worlds upon Tvorlda, suns, moons and stars far surpassing- this little globe on ; which we live. There seems no room for <Jod, lor, according to the theory of Matemlsm the origin of ail tilings is a ' Primeval mist, self-ordered and developed/ This mist has condensed itself into water, and water lias deposited elemental matter, ' matter' has formed worlds—and here 1 must draw breath, " Blatter" lias produced the " monad" froni the monad has come the sponge! the sponge' has grown into an aquatic animal, which at last became a fish. The fish learned to live upon land, where it developed itself, through different species, to that of an ape-like animal. This ape is first cousin to man, who is the heir of all things, erolved, you see, from the "original mist." So there is no room for God! At this point some [supper was brought in, for which ! provided a night's lodging 011 condition that it should not disturb me with night mare. Then I fell a-thinking, andto aid ihe power of thought I walked up and down the room, from whence "enchanted by the song of some sweet bird" I was led into a thick forest. • Here I followed the note, as 1 thought, and yet I failed to see my bird. I.whistled, but my songster was gone, and now where was I? ' ;;.:;./ . _ • A look ut my watch tells me I have walked about for some three hours, and so must have walked several miles.: Whatever has become of my home ? I left the door open, and the gas alight. Perhaps the house is occupied by rob-, bers, or perhaps it is wrapped in flames. Where am 1 ? Coo-ey, Coo-ey. Echo, coo-ey. Dear, dear, am I really lost 1 • Even, the moon has forsaken me. I am left in darkness. My only alternative is to sit down just where I am and wait for the morning. So I sit down to sleep with my head against a tree. A rustling in the grass awakes' me, but after rubbing my eyes 1 am able to thank my stars that it is not the " old sneak" from Eden's garden that has disturbed my sweet slumber, but only a blow of wind. But how strange are my surroundings ! Instead of summer it looks like winter. I see snows aud crows, and—what's that smiling and dancing across the hill tops ? Surely it is the old sun getting out of bed.. Oh, what a lot of big birds X see flying through the air. They look as large as elephants. Here is one coming towards me P Why, it is not a bird, but a "flying machine. A voice, "Step in, citizen." So I gets into this bird-shaped carriage, and off it goes through space by means of " compressed air." (Science must have made yreat progress during my sleep.) I now find myself surrounded by strange looking passeugers, who stare at me as though I were a ghost. Presently I am tapped on the shoulder by the conductor, who demands his fare. I offer him a half crown. *" What's that ?" he says. •' Foreign money. Queen Victoria, Who knows anything about her ? I can't take that money, its out of date ; its about six hundred years behind the time." By this time I can see several of these machines flying through the air at a tremendous rati-?. The sight of these, as well as the distance between us and the sea (over which we pre travelling at the • rate of 100 miles an fhour) makes me hold my breath. They sbem as though they would all dash into us, for they are above, beneath, and around us. At last I see what appears to be a great city. A cry, Here, hold hard." Smash, and down we go to the ground in one of the streets of London. How fortunate! I am not in the least hurt, but one poor fellow is severely bruised. A crowd soon gathers, but no one seems to be moved by the accident, as though it were a matter of course. But here comes the doctor. After pulling the poor cripple about in a merciless way he pronounces him " too .far Sone." He might live, but he would only be a burden to the Commune. This hard man then puts a cloth over the cripples face, and then a strap round his neck, and the sufferer breathes no more. This Communal conduct wakes me up to the fact that I am now living in a merciless age. " The corpse is put into one of these aerial cars, and sent to the "dissectin" depot." ° Now everyboey seems occupied with my peculiar costume. "A rum figure," says one to another as they point at me. Seeing I am in danger of being hooted by the boys and girls of the Commune I determine to change my 19th century costume for a more modern one. I now wear a " Toga," and instead of a " bell-topper" I use a turban. I also buy a guide book, after which I hasten off for some refreshment. A look at my guide book astonished the whole stock of my five senses. The present age is, I find, called tlie " Republic of Materialism," or the 550th year of the Commune. According |to which I must have been sleeping for 500 years. Having done full justice to the contents of the pastry shop I start off to see London. How strange everything looks to what it did when I was here last. Scientific improvements abound on every hand. The whole city is lighted by the electric light, while the telephone communicates the events of the day from house to house. The streets are much wider, and the homes of the poor much larger and healther than formerly. Nothing is wasted. All the drainage is utilized for the laud. Much of the^ shipping and railway traffic has beeir superseded by "compressed air," while the costumes of the people have undergone a complete change. Some for the : better, but the greater part for the worse. Men and women now are addressed as citizens," and their dress is so very; similar that one is in constant danger of mistaking the sex. ° The women wear moustaches like the men, and also smoke their pipes. After rambling about I ask a man to tell me the name of the street. " This citizen," he says, " is Fifth-street." "And' where is Oxford-street ?" I ask. There is no such street- in London," was the answer, ~ : Here I take out another book I lad bought, entitled " A philosophic aec&unt; of the superstitions of our forefathers," by the 99 th grandson of Darwin. Page 1—" That period known; as the 19th century was remarkable for ^superstitions, blasting the happiness of mankiiid. To rightly understand the darkness of that period is to value the light of the Materialism of the present day." By and by I ask for Westminster Abbey, and am told there is no such building, but that it and its km were destroyed hundreds of years ago when Christianity was superseded by the Philosophy of Materialism. . " : 1 ask lor St. Paul's Courcli, but no one knows of any such place. At last I meet with a historian, who tells me that St. Paul's is no more .; that' its. old site, is .now occupied by the '' Temple of Humanity." Here I sit down: again to reflect on my mysterious position. 1 think of my wife my books and the church. IWhat has become of them all •Surely I must have been dreaming all this fame, or else my soul has been passing xrorn one animal to another, and only «ow resumed its human habitation, lama wonder to myself! Tired and • hungry 1 rise from the front steps of the " Temple of Humanity" in search df an hotel. Here is the " Jolly Waterman," the " Old Soldier," &c.; It seems as though the <*ood Templets have succeeded id establishing the main laws. I ask for ja respectable hotel, and am directed to to the "Darwin,', the "Tyndale,"the " Hockel;" or if I prefer more ancient quarters the " Apollo," the " Mercury," or the '' Homer." . I make application at the {" Darwin" which is a magnificent .mansion, not all like a hotel. ; Overhanging the grand entrance is the bust of the famous evolutionist, who is held ia everlasting remembrance. : I am soon seated at the dinner table, but the "bill of fore"—of course in harmony with the age—is so strange that I have to make up my mind a good many times before I can take a bite of anything. Judging from the general conversation to which I listen with great attention, France is now annexed to Germany, form-: ing one large Commune, and Russia is: still at war wiih Turkey. (As my questions, being 600 years hehind the time, created roars of laughter, -I remained a listener.) The whole Commune isdivided into two classes, viz.: The " Communal" and the " Mutual." ; The Darwin belongs to the former and lower class. In this hugh hotel men and women, are huddled together like so many fish in a basket. They call each other by the name of "Tom," "Dick," "Mary," "Bridget." , Husband and wife are called rpartners, but bear no lasting ^responsi- bility to each other. r : Christian marriage -has been legally abolished. The words " Father and Mother" are quite Junknown. Children, when born, are by order of the Commnne taken from their parents (never to meet again), and sent to what is called the " Baby Farm/' there being no hospital the sick ones are killed by the Commune doctor^ Thiisjthe Christian home is practically unknown. The Mutual Class of the Commune have theii? houses. (Homes minus lore and children). Marriage responsibility among this class. lasts five years, after which both parties are at liberty. This sad state of things causes me to sigh for the Christanity- of the 19th century, which 1 now begin to value aright, but alas, its laws, institutions, and blessings have all passed away, except in a -few secluded parts of the earth. In the Commune there are only three Bibles, and they are in the Museum ; the Holy Book being thus practically chained up again. The Sabbath is alsojabolished. Certainly there is one holiday every week, but it is entirely given up to pleasure of all sorts. In the forenoon there is a kind'of service held in the Temples of Humanity (which are the Substitutes for churches) consisting chiefly of music. The chants of Mendelshon and Handel, andthe reading of the " book of heroes." Roman Catholicism and Materialism have amalgamated, and Pope Pius the 15th acts as High Priest, or first Master of the Temple. These temples are truly grand build-; ings. The inside-walls;are adorned with the pictures and busts of the lieroes, who are mentioned in the book. Thtre is Darwin; on the^rand altar, Tyndale and': Huxley, and not a few preachers of the nineteenth'century. The ' religion of the Commune ;is " Materialism ;" their God, law, -amd matter. Their creed that of " Evolution," with Darwin as the first prophet. ."'. Besides the book of heroes is read " The history of Civilization," the sabstance of which is an account .of its fight, its foea, and its triumphs." When the latter are completed the world shall be " Paradise restored j" its people shall be Civilization has taught man ..from nature the secret by which life may be prolonged- . Its history is a history of ideas, which havealwaysinfluenoedhuman conduct. Now their idea of evolution explains the prigin of all things, and'sweeps away the Genises of the world, as well as the seperstitious idea of God and immortality. from such superstitions the civilization has delivered them, and by it they are delivereid from the greatest enemy to the world's progress—Christianity. which]be< gan to decline during the latter part of the 19th century. * It was founded by a Jewish carpenter, who was a most remarkable man. His doctrine received its first death f blow from our prophet, Darwin, who founded the doctrine of Evolution." Evolution commenced with a mist, and from this mist our history of civilization springs. Glory be to the mist! The law of progress was^on this wise. The human heart was seen to have a tendency to worship some object. The original object is said to have been a God, but during the 19th century it was lowered to that of:buildings, priests and ceremonies—to man |n fact, which last object science has greatly elevated, hence the temple, the heroes andthe Commune. The religion of Christ has passed into the religion of humanity. The laws of, conscience and of love have heen superseded by those of reason and liberty. This in'substance, is the creed of the: Commune, the reading of which every; Sunday (holiday) morning is received with applause, and at the mention of Darwin's name the great choir (sing, "For he's a jolly good fellow," the whole company joining in the chorus, " Hip, hip, hurrah." Oh, liow 1 weep at this state of things,: which recalls to my mind the words o|> of the Lord " Ye, when ye shall Bee these things know that the end Is nigh." Conscience now beguis to upbraid me in this way. Do you not know the night is coming. Do you not profess to be watching for your masters approach. Have you not been saying " Peace, peace," when there was no peace 1 Has not religion been too much taught and understood as a dogma, rather than a life. As a code of rules rather than as ah. embodiment of principle. " " •• ; Has not the example of Christ been left too much out of sight ? Has not the worlds wisdom produced a generation of fools ? Has not the Christian Church been striving to please the world, and now the world has run off with the church Has not religion altogether bacome a theory,"an instrument wherewith to please men? Ts it any wonder, therefore, that the youth is . taught to doubt, and trained for ornament, rather than for a life of usefulness ? Do you not know that during the Christainity of the 19th cen^ tury the Government turned the Bible out of the day sthools. Have you not seen the Sabbath little by little ignored ? Have you not heard Christain young men speak of marriage as a burden ? Have you _not seen parental responsibility trailing in the dust, and children ruling over their parents. Has not the whole church gradually given in to the sophistry of the would-be-wise of the world. Worldly philosophers. What wonder then that the day of 's wrath should come. How l - weep for very shame and sorrow. What would I not give now to get a copy of the Bible, which I have so badly used. ? What would I not sacrifice to attend a prayer meeting, about which I have been so indifferent, but it is too late now. Oh that I had appreciated more things thatjbelongs unto my peace, bat now they are hid from my eyes. Talent's, once bright are now rusty. The light kept so long under a bushel has now turned to darkness, and how great isthat darknew. lhe church that once taught "Watch and be sober," has itself fallen asleep' lhey who once appeared fruitfulbranches in the "Livinig Vine" have separated themselves and become withered, and ore trodden {under foot of the Apostles, ot Darwin. - The Lord said, Keep my statutes fatod live," but since the church followed Epbraim, God has left it alone. Now T understand that'"God is not mockedj butthnt whatsoever the church ,soweth that shall it also ieap. True as. are the "Scriptures, God has atill a few that" Jiavejnot defiled their garments. These I now seek to find. After a great deal%>C "enquiry I find -my: iwayto^a small Christian^Tillaga; outside the borders 6f-ihe Commune. ; Here I am at home again. Here are churches andchapela where God is worshipped, and that with more sincerity [than in former days.' ' On Sunday I went to the little chapel with great delight. :. Here the Load's Supper is a real'feast sto my poor hungry soul. The Bible is like a new bookj and is all the .more precious because of the enemy's persecution. jThe GommunionofSaintsiB trulyblessed. As to their life it is one breath of praise, each member is a high priest offering up the acceptable sacrifices of a humble and obedient life. Here religion is not so much composed ' of meetings «nd sermons as of meditation; and prayer and good works. ; Christ is to them a reality, their very life in fact, so that it is Christ for them to live and like' him, they go about doing good, loving each other as He has loved them. Beholding these things I cannot, help saying, " Well Christanity is as a great prize compared with the Republic of Materialism." ' What a contrast between them as to results!. Chsistanity has a people pure and happy, who live lor the glory of God,* and for each others good. It secures a, day of rest for the weary worker. It keeps the nation pure and united by the laws of " Marriage and Homes." It trains the youth for happiness and usefulness in this life, and for gloiy in the life to come. It cares for its wounded •and sick brethren by the provision of hospitals, &c.;, while Materialism on the other hand ignores all divine authority, and sets man against his fellow. The sermon in the little chapel is on the second coming of Christ. " Behold :I come quickly ; hold that fast which ithou hast, that no man take thy crown." " The signs of Christs coming," says the .preacher, " are being daily fulfilled, and indicate clearly that the Lord is indeed coming quickly. It is, therefore, our duty to be ready, ready in heart and character towards Christ Himself, and iready in love towards each other to meet the Lord of love." The prayer meeting (held every Monday) is a real waiting on the Lord for His coming. How heavenly is the place! How full of faith the prayers! No «ifs" and " buts," but blessed is He that shall come, and will come, and will not tarry. - - * We thank thee dear-Master that thou art. not slack concerning they promise. We praise thee for telling us that thy coming will be "as a thief in the night." The night is closing round us in the " Republic of Materialism," and, therefore, 4re watch for thine approach. "Come," says one brother. "Even so come," says'another. (TO BE CONTINUED.) 