THE NOVELIST. :DR. BEK?-R LEY'S PATZEENT. . By the Author of ,Wife or Widow." :.:.- , CHAPTER VI. S (Gontinued.) . . -' Weil I fully acquit you of any tthinig wrong, Mrs. Hare, though whether any deception has been prac tised »n you I caniot tell. 1 knowit is mosit piobabTle tilat Miss Granville has returned tu her former residence and I shall Jose no time in going; to acertain whether sheis there. Mean while keep a strict watch, and take note of anything that may happen in the interval, I will be here again to morrow without fail to recieve your re port." ' He drove away at full speed for London, and in less time than might be imagined possible, he was at the door of'the Sisterhood's house. '*' Has .the Sister 'Ulrica returned in y absence? "hie asked of the ser vant, withuas, careless a tone as he could assume. - " Oh,dear no, sir; we have not seen the Sister Ujirica since you took her awayi '" WBs the astonished reply. " Have you riot got her at your house, sir ? ' ? " '- . . . " Oh I hlave been away, and I was not sure whether she might have takenrthe opportunity to return to her old duties," he returned. "She was talking about doing so when I went away,. only I did not consider she was wall riiugh. I shall go and e.ahbodt hr 'a she is not here, and n"1'Thak you, air.. I awm . sre you :i vb ?qV9iyd - kid to her, but to say lrutlt sliejs npt, much good. when she is here,: and I..-believe she would be as well away altogether, for the' matter of that.? Bfft, o,? of course tha't's ho busi-, ness of miren" a dedthe wo0in? ?iipolo-, getically. Dr. Berkley bowed assent, as he turned from the door. He was sorely disap:.ointed, since it had appeared to him only a forlorn hope, that she could have returned to the haven ft om which he had been obliged to remove her. But then, when that was done, what then ?-what remained as the altef native ? Either she must have been removed by evil agency and xor evil purposes, or else she had left of her own accord. Was it to escape from. his impor tunities, or was it to fly to some other more cnngenial love, or -congenial refuge ? His first impulse was to place a detective on her track; and. the. nore he considered the expedierit, the more he was inclined to adopt it. He could keep the official employed entirely under his own control, so that, if he was to succeed in his search, it would nrot be necessary to bring her into any kind of trouble or cxposure, while hs anxiety would be relieved, and his conscience set at rest. Hise character was too high to render the proceeding a doubtful one, and ore he returned tc his home the means hiad been taken, and an experienced and, cautions ex officer of the detective department placed on the track of the missing Theresa.' : -Th-erih a Griahville had remained in a state of thrilled excitement after the departure of Hubert Berkeley, on the dny of his proposal to her. It was so tempting, and yet the stings of con science spoke fially against the in dulgence of the longing for rest and love, and-protection, such as Hubert Berkeley offered her. The serpent-like voice of the man to whom her past story was but too well known, sounded in her ears. She had but to give him what was hers-her own, to buy his se'recy., and to give her hand to the man wbo' so eagerly and.devotedly desired her hand. It was asorestruggle, and she started up in sharp, agony,. of ,doubt, and despair at the bright visions with in her reach, which yetmightbecloud ed in gloon and hopelessness. ' The price of blood," she re psated ;"' the price ,f blood. I dare not. Perhaps he would find me out ; he wonild find me out, " she murmur ed; " and then-and then it would only be worse msiier aiddisgrace. No I will at the very leastayae myeelffrom: that degradation; I .will keep -i-?-'mL~ noble friend,; yes, friend-it cannot be that I love himi. 'No, that would be out ofthe Restioii; Ican never love a?gain. But. yet--but yet-there is something in:him thatis more attrac tive, mbre itduring than the passion ate love ~iat'?hs beii 'my destruction. Yes, yes,it;is, impossible. I. ,willnot. I never will let him know the truth till-till I am"dying'. He shall not hate anddespise me. No; no ; that shall neverb be. , Let him pity me that is allI- will permit. I will refuse refuse him-yes, refuse, though I kinow thi~t I could ---that If do-love hi . A1a a5a5? ,for me, poor, poor Theresa.i ..".. , ,: SShe was buried in grief; her sobs were only ciokea by hedr utmost efforts ; heor tearswerebareiyhiddenand crushed back by her closed eyelids, when,.with a sudden~;impression of some noise, though faiht', njr to the spot, she glanced up towards the window There wasa' shadowidarkening the bright light on the panes, which at tracted her attention. It wasa figure stahling pa stlil ea ghostly form that could only be distinguished by a sharp eye and.,a familiar acquaintance with the form 't VWas-supposed to represent. Suchi ?ah'- tegaze and the impress ion of the youing creat.re;.whose eyes were thus bent on the grey misty form. Theresa's eyes were dilated, her hands clasped, her cheek ashen, and her lips white and compressed, as she igazed at thi £~igfire tha~t thus fiited noiselessly, y. ,as it a. spiri t , n then there, was a sharp, question'nig look, all uilike so glhasly an image, in tihe feature.:,that were s ovisible to the scared senses of the petrified girl. There was no doubt of its reality, and she sanilk baclk on her couch in powerless te?eor. " Can it be that '.the dead have come back to haunt and reproach me ? she murmured.' "*Inany case, it speaks the same tale. 7 must fly; I roust fly from this."i She lay down on the sofa, as if to re gain strength;,.re she began to& act. Then shde rose, with more fkimness of purpose, itb take' the requisite action, and, counting out the contents of her purse, she repaired to her room, and herself collected and placed in a trunk the contents of her small wardrote, which' he hai' brouglht with her to her new home. .She would go. So nuch she had madeuphermind; but whither ? and to whom ? That was the question with the fugitive. Most decidedly she would not return to the Sisterhood., She was no fit'inmate for their:house and their duty, with her shattered nerves and bher bewildered brains. Let them keep her money in atone ment for her desertion. It was but dross in her sight. She knew well that, he should need no further help long with this terrible strain on her feelings and thoughts and health. Still she shrank isomewhat from the prompt departure from her home, and the protection of him who was hersole earthly resource and comfort. Her brain burned with that terrible, ominous,9ghostlyvision of one she had long believed dead. Could it indeed be true? . Could it be that it was an omen of the future, a reminder of the past? Who could tell ? She did but resolve on her course-fly from the very pose. sibility that the fearful events would be visited on her for the future, and senbmit to the judgment of Him who seesthe heart and the c)nsciei'ce With and unerring eye. 8he sank down on the sattt ws :al ways her tresting-place in that pleraant garden, and where she had once before beesn greeted by the un welcome :visitor to her solitude. Scarcely had she taken her seat: when that dreaded figureapproached with a calm deliberate step. "I 'expected t' see you,"he said for Ikne that the doctor, had gone away for a time; and it is so fine s day that I thought it very likely you would be out, and that:you would be able to givejme an anewer, safely and del lb' rately, to my offer. There is no doubt thathe will marry you if you like, and therefore it resta with you whether you will avail yourself of the offer, and be safe and comfortable. If noz, I don't know what in the world is to become of you. I for one will have no pity." "I expect none-I ask for none," she said, sadly, " fro a you. It may even be an insultand aninjury. I ask rather for death, than for the means of life." " But you would shrink, I imagine, from disgrace and danger, he returr ed. " Why, the very ghost of the dead will return on you, if you do not mind." he went on meaningly, "Do not saJ it-do not say it,"sieH said shivering. "I thoughtI saw hirb even now; but it must have been a mistake; he is dead--dead" "Then why notdo as I advise, an.! shake off all these fears and follies?" he said, resolutely, " Because I dare not-2-I dare not," she murmured. "bLook, look?" And as she spoke the same misty ap partion that had before upset her glided by in the distance. Theresa gave a stified cry,and hid her face ini her. hands to avert the spectacle. "Hide me-take me awiyrl;-e will tell him-he willseize me- expose mne -and-and-he will hate me Olh? what can I do What shralldo?'' dor? - turned the girl,in terror. "Be advised" said the man, tryi'g to draw her from the spot. 'I will shelter yor tronim all these needless alarma,and, if you can but make up your mind to act ration, ally, I will engage you will not be an noyed. It was but fancy," he went on,himselfweeritg a somewhat scared i' "la' was either remarkably well sim ulated, or that was a reflection of her own, Theresa was scarcelygmistrese of hersell; her veiy brain seenied fevrr ed and bewildered the conibined in fluence of the remembrance of the past and the fears for the future.: Her wily companion saw the criti(al moment, and led her with a gentle violence from the spot. "Trust me; I will not harm you. You can return at your pleasure. If your are resoved, you had best leave the temptation. He criti ut suepect. you,in any case. Either .you must conesesorfly- Come with me,I will do you no harm nor conrstirain your Theresa treiiibled as he led her gradu ally and firmly from the spot she loved so well.- from all connection wf th bim who had won at once her gratitudt, her trust,and her 'love-yes,love. Not;perhaps the uncontrolled passion of early youth' not the vehenient cling ing of the first illusion that makes the object thus worshipped a God, and a necessity, and asun,to th young female heart. But Rubert Berkeley had come to her as a superior being,who would guard her from herown weakness,and the dreaded minchiefs that surrounded her who had at once the strength iand the judgment to guide her to stand between her and danger and sorrow, and to shield her in his loving'armis from the, very approach of hardships and threating foes. And this she was called upon to relinquish, t6 break away against the wishes and the soft warm affection and yearning entreaty of that strong being, over, whom she had cast such a spell. - There were reasons-strong, power ful reasons on the other side. Better he should think her wayward and ungrateful,than to know the truth, And to speak truth, the very vision she had that very hour seen gave her a shrill of horror which paralysed her whole energies. And thus she uncon, eciously yielded to her tormentor,or rather to her tyrant,and was involuu tarily drawn on to the gates of the. grounds,. where the carriage was in waiting. Where are you going to take me! what do you intend? she .said, suddenly re coiling from the passage though the gate, that was like an exit from 1!Eden to the outer world. "Only to a safe asylum, where you can if you please, remain for weeks,, or ,for montheor yearsasyou may choose," lie replied. "All will depend on yourself-that Irswear to you. I have no a'imus against you-none;no evil intention. I am your best friend. As-to Dr.Berkeleyyou have yourself relinquished him as a husband, and if he learned the past-" The taunt had its affect. She would not expose herself to contempt, whatever else she might.ex cite inthe mind, of him she honoured and loved at-any, .cost of . sufferipg There was a chance.of his learning all if she remained, and that would be to her, death, and degradation worse than doath;so she ;reluctantly and slowly yielded to the strong hand that held hers,and stepped into the earri age,which would conveyher to the exile from all she loved best in the world. to an unknow. and lonely home. (To be continued.) 