TOPICS OF THE WEEN. With our present issue we present an illus trated supplement giving a view of the scene of the Dublin political assassinations in Phoenix-park, and portraits of the two murdered gentlemen, Lord Frederick Caven dish, Chief Secretary for Ireland, and Mr. Burke, Under Secretary, In oar ordinary supplement will be found the full narrative of the murders. The subject of the defences waa discussed in the Assembly on Tuesday. Even the present threatening aspect of affairs in Europe and our admittedly defenceless con dition could not prevent hon. members from debating the matter in a perfunctory, half hearted way, or prevent many from obstruct ing proceedings by vacuous talk. Thus in the question of the defences of the colony Hr. Berry could see nothing but pure party politics, connected in some way with the beer and tea duties and an appeal to the country. Mr. A. T. Clark ridiculed the idea of any military knowledge or experience being re quired to conduct martial operations, and declared that we had far better military engineers here than they had in England. Mr. Walker suggested the formation of a fond to pay ransoms, instead of spending the money on defences, and Mr. Gardiner pro phesied what young Victoria would do Bhould any foreign enemy have the temerity to visit our shore?. The good Bense of the House Vras ultimately Bhown by its agreeing to the defence vote asked for by the Government, but it waB shown very little by the speeches delivered. Believing, bb we do, that the introduction of a proper system of tramways into Mel bourne and its suburbs will be attended with immense benefits and convenience to the public, we are glad to see that the motion for the second reading of the Tramway Bill, preparatory to its being referred to a select committee was passed by the large majority of 42 to 17. It is equally satisfactory to Bee the character of the names making up the minority. The Bells, Masons, Gardiners, Nimmos, Tuckers, WilliamBes, and others are properly accompanied by Mr. Berry in resisting a measure of economical and Bocial improvement. When no political or party gain is visible to Mr. Berry he shows this stolid, senseless conservatism in resisting every social advance. The same spirit led him years ago to strenuously resist the Education Act, the credit for which he has since un bluahingly assumed to himself and his party. Mr. Berry's only notion of public work is politics, and politics with him mean party politics. If he sees anything beyond this it is interests, and interests with him always mean class interests. Here all theBe ten* dencies and limitations of his mind combine to induce him to resist the Tramway Bill. It is a social and industrial advance, and he has no sense or inclination for anything of the kind. There is nothing political about it, and consequently he opposes it by instinct And of the interests involved in it he has no eye for that of the community at large, and can only see the supposed interest of the cabmen, and hiB own possible interest in picking up a few odd votes. Sir Bryan O'Loghlen, who affects to oppose the biU in the interests of the Government, has managed by Bome inscrutable process to satisfy him self that the interest of the Government is diametrically opposite to that of the public. This result is genuinely characteristic of the Premier's peculiar cast of thought. We observe that meetings continue to be held about the country in denunciation of the action of the notorious " five members" who signed the Irish address. We may take this aa an instance of unexpected good arising bom! ft matter evil in itself. The disloyal addreBB which, from its empty, meaningless rhetoric, we may regard as rather an instance -of reckless folly than of Berions import, has beep the occasion of stalling an outburst o loyal feeling ihxoujghopt the length and breadth of Victoria. Victorians have been! ^ager to sbow that whatever may be the fedings of. some of Jfcielr lsgislaton towards 'the Empirfe, thqy are aaa people intensely loyal tp theirspvereign and to the great world wide dominion to which they are proud to The living disloyalty which ex-' preksedjteelfin those sounding, threadbare phrases which bave> for so many generations been the vehicles of Irish discontent and Irish hatred. to England, has been silenced by the lond^nd almost universal declaration which it bias evoked from the people of Victoria, of ,prid* jn their citizenship in the British; has also effectually prevented smblrfrom rushing, at the invitation 'k-politicians, intpraBh resolutions >>fidjTOp?th<)n 1% jbjuadsof die Irish j ijhp rajmdeavpfii^ Spjeffecfc tfcej j * the Empir& iand fhas thus and way pro* broachedj a go9d deal ofi ] deal of disciu frhich Dr.Siemem ^ f&B.C;&O;'j energy Thesun pours '£p&>{' "time is mac^hefttaa would,' fog, of 16,486 millions \-- n.t- g]! _<*uv#aand i Tn anrikin'f tn dnvi of this vMtj rated upon is by the rotatory motion of the BUD projected outwarda from the solar equator in a continuous diBC-like etteaffi. If we could accept this theory we should be able to regard the Bun aB a per petual machine, in which nothing was con sumed and nothing wasted, and which might continue in operation to infinity. The theory, however, iB examined, and we may presume to say refuted, in an able article by Mr. R. A. Proctor in the last number of the Cornhill Magazine, in which Mr. Proctor makes a simple calculation to show that the effect attributed by Dr. Siemens to the centrifugal velocity of matter at the eun'a equatorial Burface leaves out of view the great superiority of the centripetal force due to the Bun'B attractive power. He ad duces other arguments, but this single one ks unanswerable and sufficient. Our reason for thus referring to a subject of abstract and speculative science is this. In The A.ustmlm asian of May 18,1878, appeared a letter by Mr. ThoB. E, Rawlinson, broaching "A Theory of Solar Activity," which is as it were a rough sketch of that now mooted by Dr. Siemen8i the forces relied on and the assumed method of operation being the same in both cases. In the following issue of The Austral asian was published a letter by " J. M.," con troverting Mr. RawlinBon'a theory, and using for the purpose precisely the same calcula tions and dynamical arguments as are now employed for the same end by Mr. Proctor. The case iB, no donbt, one of mere coinci dence. The promulgators of the theory dropped upon it in the course of their specu lations, and the critics of it both resorted to a very natural test, which proved an effective argument for its overthrow. But the coin cidence in the suggestions and replies is so close aB to make the case a curious one, and to show us once more that there is nothing new tinder the sun, or about the sun. The subject of rainfall, always one of great importance in Aastralia, is of special im portance at the present time. The winter is advancing, and up to date, the quantity of rain in Melbourne is only 7"26in. since the beginning of the year, against the average rainfall in that period of 11 Win. That is to say we have a deficiency of 4£in. as compared with the average. The deficiency is no doubt due to the summer drought, and the quantity of rain during the last two or three months has been, so far as Mel bourne is concerned, a fair supply. For the agricultural districts it is better that a moderate and sufficient rainfall should come than that they Bhould have the balance restored by the deficient quantity falling like a flood. But for the water supplies ef the country, the quantity that has hitherto fallen muBt be highly inadequate to the wants, and there must be a great danger of drought next summer unless much heavier rains fall than have yet come. The table published by Hr. Ellery, of the rainfall for the year to the end of May, shows that though the mountainous and wooded parts of the colony have had plentiful rains, the open plainB have had very little. Thus, while the rainfall at Beenak had been 18'38in., and at Lyonville 16'52'ua., that at Horsham had been only 4'58in., at Bacchus Marsh i'34in., at Shepparton 4D8in., at Kerang 3'50in., and at Swan-hill 2*90in. All this looks unpromising for next summer nnlesB conditions materially alter. The Austral, the magnificent new steamer juBt added to the Orient line, has shortened the distance between Melbourne and London a little more. She arrives at Melbourne in | 36 days from Plymouth, only 32 days 12 hours I of this .being spent under steam, the rest I being made up by detentions, including an exceptionally long delay at Aden, owing to | special hindrances. This is the shortest voyage from England to Australia yet re-, corded. It is not so many years ago since the possibility of making the voyage between the two countries in 85 days was discussed as not utterly unattainable, though certainly remote. Now we mar xegard it as an at tained fact In these days of scientific inventions it is a pity that some master of social and political science cannot invent some way of deciding disputes between; marten and men that would supersede the clumsy and expensive; method of strikes. At the present time we; Bee the whole of the coalexport trsdeof Newcastle, N.S.W., disorganised in Amidst of a season of unparalleled activity* and eome 60,000 tons of shipping in the port waiting for coal, the supply of which will be rendered, very much slower than it would otherwise bej I aUbecause Mr. Gregson, the managerof the; | A. A. nine, and the miners cannot^gree.on) the proper rate to be paid for the working pf theooaL It does not appear that the miners I desire to obtain a price tiurtwouldyield more tbap the Average earnings of the or {that the manager desires to payles* < -difficulty is , they c&uupt; agre% ,*hM rate per ton will be equivalent to;$his#Y0fiWe: c&teofearnings.; This would *e?m #pbe aj question that arbitrators would settle w^th! vpry little; difficulty. Butthpntbei^^ and miners cannot agree on wbaibasis the question ebooJd be *efer*ed;Jte **fr.ltfa-| £on. By way of getting a «ettlen^Mj»e xnanager propoeed that the 4acfcr«htnuA Pe (|*id before the arbitrator*, wfco 'might tben be ieftto settle t^eit ownbMfo<rf;»*tytm-, 4aon,bnt this proposal also was ilewned PT\ the men. Hence the closing^ th0 minej rates of growth in the value of rateable 1 property in Sydney and in Melbourne. We cannot go into the elaborate figures and arguments of out contemporary, but we may quote its result, which is that the Herald " represents the increase in the population of Sydney and suburbs, as compared with that of Melbourne and suburbs, to have been considerably more than twice as much as it actually was; its figures as to the in crease in the number of Sydney properties as compared with Melbourne properties appear primd facie to be incorrect, and re quire verification, It has represented the difference in value of rateable property which is in favour of the Sydney metropolis to be about four times greater than it really is; and, lastly, it alleges that the increase in the value of Buch property in the sister metro polis dnring the decade dealt with, as com pared with the increase in this metropolis, was one- third more than the real difference of increase." As we quoted and commented on the figures adduced by the Herald, it is right that we should also cite the correction. But it will be observed that it leaveB the case substantially the same-viz., that the capital of the freetrade colony has increased much faster than that of the protectionist one, though not BO much faster as was at first represented. Last week we congratulated the residents of Girilambone, New South Wales, upon the capture of the bushranging band whose ter rors had prevented the bank managers of the district from sleeping o'nights. But still it seems that the good people are not wholly satisfied. Now that they have under lock and key the redoubtable "Tommy the Ambler," of whose powers such Btories were told, they complain that he is not bigger. It is a grievance in the locality that the despe rado who terrified them so much is only about 5ft., with a fighting weight of not more than 7st. Had he been a big robust fellow they would have retained their self-respect, but to find that he is so small causes them to think that they have displayed something like cowardice. This is not alto gether a reasonable view, as the people would discover, with a little research into history, that some very truculent warriorB have been undersized men. Bat there is no doubt that there iB much too great a readiness shown to get up a panic on the subject of bushrangers, big or little. It seems to be the opinion of a good many people that if a fellow goes off into the bush and dubs him self a bushranger, he henceforth becomes a very formidable personage, equal in fight to several honest citizens. We have had too many ench instances. The case where two " bushrangers" went into a country bank at Lancefield, and stuck up two men with an old OBeleBS pistol and a pipe-case, trembling all the time, as they afterwards confessed, lest their captives should arrest - them, is, perhaps, a type of many of these c&BeB.; The Catholic Educational claims were to a certain extent factors in the late New Zealand elections, and some members who gained their seats by giving pledges to sup port them have fonnd it necessary to mike an attempt to redeem their promise. The movement took the shape of a bill brought in by Mr. Vincent Fyke for the amendment of the Education Act, by providing for the subsidising of denominational schools. This was the innocent guise assumed by the mea sure, bat everybody knew what was meant It was soon seen that the measure had not the slightest chance, and from the perfunc tory way in which it was supported it is doubtful whether ts passing was desired by its defenders. Mr. Sheehsn, speaking as a TRfiman Catholic.strongly opposed the bill and upheld the present system of free, secu lar, and compulsory education. A decided objection to give, state recognition and con* formation to differences of religions belief was expressed by many members. Mr. Rol ieston said that having closely marked the late elections he was .satisfied that the people regarded the question as a settled one. The second reading of-the measure was negatived by 47 members fo -26, but whether the minority"was not much more than propor tionate to "the outside feeling it represented, andwhether Bome of its members were not very well satisfied to find themselves largely oat-voted, we have no means of ascertain ing. 1 . There is mnch in the character and pro ceedings of Te Whiti, the Maori prophet, of great interest to investigators like lb. Herbert Spencer into the origins of the beliefs of mankind, and' some curious . statements on the subject were made in the recent debate in the New Zealand House of Representatives on,the native questlon. Mr. Brjce gave * graphic and impressive deecrip tion of the war 1n which, on the occasion of the seizure of Paribaka.the murderer Hiroki came forsrardwhen called upon aid gave bimwlfinto custody. ?#," Mid Mb Bryce, "he had been inthe mood of any ordinary man jbempsji taye he was being arrested in all ^robabilitywith a rope round his neck; bat llche'wfrom tbe lobkoi the man, and from all the flunnunding drcamstances-even when he had tbehindcuffs round his wrists-that befully expected to be released toy the dread £Owe?. .of' JiU chief." Mr. Bryce told a iChMacteristic jBtory ofTe Whiti and Tito^ Ttowaruj who wd 'long "been an unwilling fotioW 'oi i!hji prdphet fund had tried to check Wi growingpower. " On one oocaaion, after listening ftto* Whlti's usual speech, Tito kowaxu ^oee:*nS eeid'hehadsomething to a?k. Te Whiti.fcad J**? «P«*king in amilcj voice,, wdinamildvoice he said, 'What tt'lt "l^oWira ?' Y9U can And tttokoiraraesid^'ThlBie all very well about Ttilring^be -dead; but1 what is behind you !j Hemeantwbetis fhe preteusion you havi made Art tte voioeof TeWhiti c^nged Irejn * Tpi<jefirf mU4neei, finp, Jn a Father; I Im the Son; I am the Holy Ghost.' What did Titokow&ru; do ? He eat down and paid, ' Ah! I only asked, ' Whether he wsb convinced or not, he cer tainly was feilenced." Sir George Grey gave an account of a previous Maori prophet who had absolutely, according to the Maoris, raised a man from the dead. He fell into the hands of the Government, and after being detained in custody for some monthB he announced that he had discovered that he was not the prophet be used to think he was. ( A very awkward discovery for bis followers. Mr. Sheehan related an instance of Te Whiti'B adroitness in escaping the conse quences of failure in his predictions. He had solemnly engaged to reBtore to the Maori people, at their next annual meeting, the ancestors they had loBt. One or two meetings passed over and the prophet found pretexts for the failure of hia promise. At the next meeting the question was put by a native whom I may call the leader of the Opposition, "Did not TeWhititell us that on a certain day be would raise our dead ancestors ?" The answer was a very clever one. He said, " Do you not remember that I promised to do so if for 12 months you were all sober, temperate, pure, and chaste in your IiveB?" They replied " Yes."' "Have you been BO?" The answer was," No. " " Then," said Te Whitii " do you think I would disgrace your ances. torB by bringing then* back to a crowd like this?" From all of which it would appear that between Maori prophets and our own prophets who live by predicting milleniums, forthcom ing ends of the world, and similar surprising incidents, there is a very Btrong family resem. blance. 