FICTION. (From English, American, and other Periodicals.) BROUGHT HOME. CHAPTER XXXIV. UNSUCCESSFUL ATTEMPT. Upon alighting from their carriage the two villains advanced, and Forbes rapped loudly upon the farm- house door. In response to their summons Mrs. Dinsmore came to the door, and stood upon the threshold regarding the unwelcome callers with a by no means welcome light in her eyes. " Ah !" said Forbes, and he doffed his hat courte- ously. " Is this the lady of the house ?" Receiving an affirmative reply, he continued, smirking aud scraping the while: "Ahem. I -- my card, please. Myself and my friend, Mr. Eckhardt, have come here to see you upon a little business matter, which concerns you and your husband, and more particularly ourselves." Mrs. Dinsmore glanced at the name upon the bit of pasteboard proffered her, and knew then for a cer- tainty that the two men before her were those whom little Katie so dreaded. It was a first impulse to de- cline seeing them upon any conditions, but as an inborn courtesy was one of the lady's traits, she did not suffer herself to commit such rudeness, but showed them into the small sitting-room. Farmer Tom and shivering little Katie were in the adjoining room, though of course the villains knew it not, listening intently for the conversation to fol- low. Both of the visitors seated themselves in the neat little sitting-room, and Mrs. Dinsmore took up a position upon the opposite side of the apartment, and regarded her callers questioningly. Eckhardt now became the spokesman. " Madam," he began, with an ostentatious twirl of his moustache, and a well-assured air of pomposity, " we have taken the liberty to make this call for the purpose of questioning you upon a little matter purely of a business nature. " These were the exact words that Forbes had used at the door. "Indeed. Well, I am prepared to listen to it," said Mrs. Dinsmore, with calm dignity. " Aw, yes," continued the snob. " It is a matter, my good lady, which does not concern myself so much as Mr, Forbes, here. Therefore I will let him broach it." Mrs. Dinsmore merely bowed her head in response, wondering much why they did not at once come to the point. With the task thus devolving upon him Forbes at once began. " Madam, I believe you have my card, and there- fore know my name. I am a resident of New York city. I am, as you might say, alone in the world. My wife and all the members of my once happy and loving family are dead, with the exception of one, and she is dead to my blind devotion to her, a fatherly affection which is engendered by her close resemblance to her sainted mother." Here the gambler whisked out a prodigious hand- kerchief and wiped some imaginary moisture from his eyes. The farmer's wife seemed visibly affected at this, but said nothing. " My dear madam," continued the wily scoundrel, " you can never know my position. Oh, it has been a sad trial to me. That a child should become so turned against its own father, who dotes upon it, and is willing to sacrifice all his self-interests in his behalf, does not seem probable, does it ?" " I should think not," was Mrs. Dinsmore's scarce- ly intelligible reply. Indeed, she seemed to be laboring heavily under some strange emotions. " I am seriously alarmed in her behalf," said the villain, "and inclined to believe that such an un- natural disposition is due to a partial aberration of the mind." Quite likely," was the quiet reply. "I should suggest sending your daughter to an asylum." Forbes looked up quickly. He thought he had de- tected just a tinge of sarcasm in the the last remark, but the lady's face was perfectly grave, and her eyes met his steadily. Convinced that he was in error, and that he was succeeding well in the enlisting of her sympathies in his behalf, he went on. " Now, madam, you may understand, to a certain extent, my position. The child is beautiful and is accomplished, and has a doting father, with whom, however, she will not stay. I have offered her every inducement in the world. But she will persist in her wayward course. I have wealth. I can give her one of the grandest homes in New York. She shall have all the indulgence she desires if she will but return to her father's home and learn to love him." "A strange child," said the farmer's wife. "I think there must be something wrong with her mind. If she were a child of mine I should put a straight jacket upon her until she became tamed." "Ah, it is not my way to proceed to force," sim- pered the schemer. " I would rather win her over by pacific means, if possible." " What a singular child. Strange she should per- sist in such conduct." " It is. Why only a month ago she fled from her home, and has not returned. I am now looking for her." " Indeed." " Yes, and that is the errand which has brought me here to see you to-day." " Why," exclaimed the farmer's wife, in well feigned surprise ; "do you think I can tell her where abouts. " " Indeed, I know you can," said Forbes, with a bland smile, resolved to beat about the bush no longer. " My dear woman, she is even now in your 'house." MM. Dinsmore started. " What do you mean ?" she queried. "Just what I say. Have you not a young girl here by the name of Katie, who came to you not a month since." " Yes," assented the farmer's wife, believing that nothing was to be gained by prevarication. " Exactly! --just as I thought !" said Forbes, rub- bing his hands briskly. " Well, that young girl, my good woman, is my daughter, and I have come to claim her." At the moment, and before Mrs, Dinsmore could reply, a slender female form, with strangely white face, and a light of accusation in her blazing eyes, appeared in the doorway of the adjacent room, and with hand uplifted, exclaimed, in a clear, sweet voice: " Stop, Rockwell Forbes ! you know you are telling a falsehood. I am not your daughter !" The tableau was one well worthy an artist's pencil. Forbes astounded by the sudden apparition, sprang partly to his feet, and there was a light, half of sur- prise, half of exultation in his basilisk orbs as he regarded the young girl's petite form. For a mo- ment be maintained a half crouching attitude, as though meditating springing upon his prey; then he sank back, while his eyes assumed a cunningly counterfeited expression of pleading. " Katie," he said, in a voice meant to be beseech- ing, " why will you be so wayward ? Why will you not consent to go with me, your father, who dotes upon you ?" " My father !" and there was a ring of contempt in little Katie's clear voice. " I thank Heaven you are not my father " Rockwell Forbes' face turned livid. The words of the young girl stung him to the quick. Hot words were at his tongue's end. But he controlled himself. " Tut, tut !" he said, essaying an attempt at good humor. " Let us have no more of this unpleasant work. Why did you leave home, Katie ?" " Home !" echoed the young girl. " I have no home upon this earth, save this that I am now in, where I have been treated very kindly." " You are an unnatural child." " Perhaps so, to you." Forbes bit his moustache angrily. There was something stinging about the young girl's remarks which aroused his most evil passions. Katie," he said, striving to assume an air of pa- ternal authority, " enough of this trifling. You shall be put in training when I get you at home. Prepare yourself to accompany me immediately." " I will never go with you." "By Heaven, you shall!" cried the ruffian, wrought almost to a frenzy by the "determined obstinacy," as he termed it, of the young girl. He sprang from his seat, across the room, and seized our heroine by the waist, dragging her toward the door. In vain Katie struggled and screamed ; the scoun- drel's strength was much greater. " Catch hold of her !" puffed Forbes, turning to Eckhardt, who was about to comply, when the form of a powerful man took a couple of giant strides across the apartment, and a stunning blow under the ear laid the would-be abductor like a felled ox upon the floor. When at length he arose, it was with the very vivid impression that a steam hammer had struck him, and bewildered, he found himself confronted by the stout-armed proprietor of the premises. Farmer Tom himself, " Well;" spluttered the scoundrel, completely at a loss what to do or say. " Is it well ?" was Farmer Tom's ironical rejoinder. " You will not be over and above well, my friend, if you don't make tracks from my premises pretty quick." *' I will have you arrested." " What for? -- assaulting a defenseless girl ?" . Forbes was completely token aback ; he had not anticipated this developement. His head rang like a chime of bells from the blow he had received, and an instinctive sense of prudence, caused him to obey the injunction and make his exit as ceremoniously as the occasion called for. When he had got out- side the door, whore he felt safer, he ventured to bluster forth : " You are not aware, sir, that you are violating the law in interposing between a father's authority over his child, and are liable to prosecution." "Is there such a law?" sneered farmer Tom. " Indeed, I had never heard of it. Mr. Forbes, if that's your name, your hand has been a decidedly weak one. I should advise you to fortify it with more trumps next time." " And you will not give up the girl ?" " Not to-day !" sarcastically. " She is my daughter, and not of age, I will teach you manners, whippersnapper !" was the villain's parting, as, accompanied by Eckhardt, he entered the carriage, preparatory to leaving the spot after this unsuccessful attempt to again inveigle our her- oine. " This is not the last of this, I promise you. You will rue this day, by all the powers of evil!" And with this threat, the scoundrels, discomfited, drove away, leaving Farmer Tom gazing after them triumphantly, while little Katie stood by his side, assured that at length she had found those who would be her staunch friends and protectors. But the dread premonition of evil had not left her mind, and the black cloud which hung so porten- tously over her head, was destined to break within the week. CAAPTER XXXV. ABDUCTION. After leaving the Dinsmore cottage, the two baffled schemers, Forbes and Eckhardt, returned to the hall. They were much discomfited at their defeat in the attempt to secure their beautiful prey, Katie McFar- land, and neither vouchsafed a word until at length seated in the mansion library, with a decanter of liquor between them. Then after imbibing a liberal portion, Eckhardt broke the silence. " That game did not work very well, Rocky." "No," replied the ruffian, with a black scowl. " And my head has not yet stopped ringing from the beastly blow the countryman gave me. But I'll have the gal yet." " How will you manage it ? Can you bring sub- stantial proof that she is your daughter?" " Proof or not," growled the villian, " I'll have her. And when I secure her she'll not get away again right away." "But how will you get her ?" " I'll abduct her." "That will be a difficult job. This farmer knows us both. If we steal her away ever so secretly, he will know that it is our work, and bring the hounds down upon us. It's a risky job." " Risk !" echoed Forbes a fearful malevolent ex- pression contorting his bloated countenance. " You should know Rocky Forbes better than that. Were the safety of the world depending upon it, I would not hesitate. I have sworn that she shall acknow- ledge me as her father, and by Heaven she shall." " You have my co-operation," said Eckhardt. " I have interests to subserve in winning her also. But how will we arrange it ?" " Abduct her ; it she will not submit peaceably, take her by force." " How ?" "Simple enough. Watch an opportunity." " Hang around the premises. " Exactly ; and when she goes out, pounce upon her." " But where shall we take her ?" I have a nest which I will fix up for her. I have been thinking this matter up since coming home. I have a summer-house up here on the Hudson, at what is called the Ferry. There she will be secure, and we can speedily tame her." " Is it a secluded place ?" " Secluded ? There isn't a neighbor within four miles of the place. It is near the river, and in a lonely patch of woods. " " Good," said the master of Eckhardt Place. " But when shall we strike ?" " At once while the iron is hot. They will prob- ably be more watchful on account of our late visit. But we can play as sharp a game as they." " Why do you not get an officer and go and claim her ? If she is your ohild, you have a right to claim her. You could compel her to go with you." "Ah!" and the gambler made up a wry face. " Now monsieur, that would hardly be to my tastes. I have many reasons, good and sufficient ones also why I should not pursue that course. No, if she will not be coaxed, my next move will be to force her. We will quietly slip out to Mr. Dinsmore'a farm by and by, and then watching our chance, apply chloroform to her nostrils, and the rest will all be easy. But that will not be all ; I mean to get square with that lout that struck me. I will make him repent that blow yet." Ernest Eckhardt did not make a reply to this last assertion, but sat back in his chair puffing a fra- grant Havana, and lazily scanning a painting upon the opposite wall of the library. It was the " Slaughter of the Innocents," by an old master, and had been brought from Italy, many years before, by a former master of the estate. Whether looking at this somewhat highly colored picture of bloodshed suggested the thought to him or not, was not evident, but presently the young scion of wealth raised his bead and spoke to his colleague, who was pacing the library, with both hands thrust deep into his trouser pockets. "I say, Rocky, if we can't induce the gal to marry me, we will have to do something with her." Even Rockwell Forbes started at the other's hid- den meaning. But it was only for a moment. " Confound her ! yes," he replied, " But she will come up to the scratch, I think. If not, why, it shall be as you say -- short shrift and no tales told." " Exactly," chuckled the younger villain, " And I am not sure but that would be the safer way any- how. But we will try the first method. If that does not succeed, why --" " There is one thing we can inflict upon her, which is worse by far than death," interrupted Forbes, suddenly pausing in his walk, and lowering his voice to a whisper. Eckhardt started, and as his gaze met that of his colleague's, the meaning became plain to him. Even with all his hardihood be shivered. " Shall we be obliged to do the abducting ?" he queried, " It would be a safer way," replied Forbes. " We will start to-morrow. If we do the work alone there will be no chance of the affair leaking out." " Correct. Well, to-morrow it shall be, then," say- ing which he drained his glass for the fourth time, and the liquor now beginning to work upon his brain he sank back in a half maudlin state into his chair. And the next day having proceeded thither with the utmost secrecy, the two schemers held the Dins- more farm-house under surveillance, watching like hawks for the right opportunity, And fortune favored their plans. In the edge of the evening the chance for which they had waited arrived. Farmer Dinsmore was down in the pasture a half mile distant, Mrs. Dinsmore was in the bouse prepar- ing the evening meal for half a dozen hungry farm hands, while our heroine was performing the very prosaic duty of milking the cows, a trade the mys- teries of which she had been promptly initiated into upon her first admittance into the family. And while sitting upon her milking-stool in the large barn-yard, a pair of arms suddenly encircled her like a cordon of steel, while a thick handker- chief, saturated with some suffocating preparation, was held tightly over her nose and mouth preventing her from making an outcry. In vain she struggled. Gradually her strength and senses began to leave her as the subtle drug mounted to her brain, and a few moments later she lay a limp and helpless prey to the mercy of the fiends. Forbes lifted her light form in his arms and to- gether they slunk away into the shadows of the night fast approaching, while our heroine's new- found friends were unmindful of her danger. Arrived at a lonely portion of the highway which led by the Dinsmore farm, they halted, and a horse and light buggy were produced from a neighboring copse. It was but a moment's work to place the insensible form of the young girl in the carriage, then clamber in themselves and drive off, and their work of abduction was complete. And the black cloud had at length broken over little Katie's devoted head, and there seemed no prospect of the sunshine which usually ensues, but all looked black and doubtful. A long drive it was to their destination, and when they at length arrived there Katie was just beginning to come out of the trance which had possession of her faculties. And when at length she regained her proper senses she found herself in a small, but richly fur- nished chamber with costly pictures hung about, rich furniture, and all the display of wealth. Hardly realizing where she was she did not arrive at any- thing like a clear comprehension of her situation until she happened to look up and noted that the one window of the apartment was secured with iron bars. Then as it brought back to her mind her former prison chamber at Eckhardt Place a full realization dawned upon her, and she knew that she was once more a captive. Her prison was a gilded one, but this was scant consolation to her in her present mood of despair. Once again she had fallen a prey to the evil schemers, and this time it was very probable that they would take good precaution not to let her make her escape. But hope, that relief of the distressed, still buoyed up her drooping spirits, and placing her trust in Him who "notes even the sparrow's fall," she looked hopefully forward for developements of the future. CHAPTER XXXVI. THE DEBT OF BLOOD. "I shall strike the night mail to-night at nine, and will be back here to- morrow afternion at four," said Eckhardt to Rockwell Forbes the night succeeding the successful abduction of our heroine. " At nine," repeated Forbes, consulting his watch, " It now lacks but twenty minutes of that hour. You will be in Albany at three A.M. Well, I received word from the boys at the Curve, and they say they will be on hand. " Very well. You see it is essential that I go on to-night. I have left affairs to my assistants long enough. Matters will become tangled if I do not give them more attention." ' The two plotters were standing beneath the arch of tho M-- depot, Eckhardt with his uniform on and a russet leather bag in his hand. It was as Forbes' watch had told him twenty minutes of nine. At nine the New York mail was due, and that was the train which Eckhardt intended to board. " Again our star is in the ascendant," said Forbes, in an exultant tone. " That hound, Belmont Brown, is safely disposed of. The girl is in our power. Our tracks are all covered, and the only person we need to fear in the least is the post-office clerk, Burnham. But he probably will never show up again." "If he does," said the mail agent, significantly "he will be disposed of also." " Ay. We have gone too far to now make back tracks. At all hazards we must preserve our security. "Just so. But there is my train whistle now. Won't you run up to Albany with me, Forbes, I shall be back in the latter part of the day. I have a good stock of Maderia on board, und we can while away the midnight hours in a social game of cards, or something of that sort." The gambler hesitated. " Well," he said, " Thank you. I will go the route with you this time. The last time we went over it was under different circumstances." "Ay," replied Eckhardt. "But there will be no meddling detective this time to trouble us. Belmont Brown is --" Both suddenly gave a quick start forward, and exchanged quick glances of alarm beneath the glare of the station-lamp. A sudden sound in their rear was the cause of Eckhart's interruption, and as each wheeled, a man clad in dark clothes and well muffled about the face, picked himself up almost at their very feet. It seemed he had been crossing the platform just in their rear, and had stumbled in the gloom over a truck. He regained his feet in a stiff, awkward manner, and then staggered up against one of the pillare. He waa seemingly intoxicated, which fact served to lessen the apprehension of the two villains. He leaned for a moment against the pillar, and then with a dry hiccough spoke in a maudlin tone : " Good-evening, gentlemen. (hic) Beg your pardon for running (hic) into yer. Fell down, I 'spose, over that condemned truck. (hic) " You look rather forlorn," said Forbes, in a jesting tone, recognizing in the new-comer some miserable inebriate, a hopeless victim to the demon of drink, " A good ways from home, I take it." " (Hic). What do you know about my home?" queried the drunken man with tipsy gravity. " Not but a little, I confess. " But," said the gam- bler, dryly, " I doubt whether you know a great dea! about it." "(Hic)," and the lone wanderer reeled up to the gambler's side and with great solemnity shook a finger in his face. " It you please, thur, I ain't a man to take an insult from you, (hic) I have got just as good a home as you." "Yes," assented Forbes, satisfied now as to the harmlessness of the wretch before him, and now that that he was assured of this, was disposed to humor him to get rid of him, " I know it. Your home's all right, and you're all right, too. Only you've lost your way." This somewhat appeased the rising anger of the dilapidated votary of Bacchus, and he immediately calmed down, with a few vague mutterings beneath his muffler. He fidgeted nervously about his pockets a few moments, and then queried : " Thay, anybody got a match ?" Forbes produced one, and handed it to him, and then with Eckhardt sauntered leisurely away down the platform. The inebriate stood and watched them for a moment intently, and then turning, reeled off into the darkness. At the end of the station platform he turned, and in a patch of gloom at the corner of the depot, suddenly found, himself confronted by a man. Instantly his appearance of tipsiness disappeared and straightening himself up, he exclaimed in an even tone of voice, clearly betraying that he had been playing a part. " It's them. I have spoken with them." " Did they not penetrate your disguise ?" " No. I overheard their plans also. Thoy are both going to Albany in the next train." " Good, we will follow them." A moment later the mail train came puffing into the station, and was immediately boarded by Eck- hardt and Forbes. They entered the mail car, and while Eckhardt proceeded to assume his duties Forbes contented himself with observing the crowd without upon the station platform. Various types of humanity were there to be ob- served among the vast conglomeration of travellers, and the gambler became somewhat interested in his scrutiny of them, when suddenly, more by chance than aught else, his gaze caught the form of a man standing just beneath the glare of one of the station lamps. Something familiar in this man's appearance caused him to give him more than a passing glance. He was a man of medium height, clad in ordinary business clothes, with a light overcoat, with a travel- ing bag in his hand. And as he gave the man a more critical glance, Rockwell Forbes suddenly became sensible of a sen- sation of horror creeping over him. He stood as if riveted to the car door, and took in with distended eyes and hair almost on end, every detail of the other's person. Every identical part of the other was familiar to him. The peculiar style of dress, the short but com- pact form, the regular features, and curling brown moustache, all belonged to the only man whom Rockwell Forbes had ever really feared, Belmont Brown, the post-office detective. Had a vice held him in his grip, Rockwell Forbes could not have maintained a more motionless atti- tude and had the sword of Damocles been sus- pended over his head at that moment he could not have been more petrified with genuine horror not unmingled with a slight grain of superstition. All seemed to him like some vague nightmare, and he could not for a great length of time realize his position. It seemed so absolutely incredible that the indomitable detective could have escaped alive from the well. Yet there he now stood, or if not he in reality, his double, so like him in every particular as to be easily mistaken for him. But after his first emotion of surprise and fear was over Forbes became more sceptical. "Pshaw!" he muttered. "That is clearly pre- posterous. This man bears a striking resemblance to the detective, but it is not he." He called his colleague, Eckhardt, to the car door and pointed out to him the object of his surprise. The emotions of the treacherous mail agent were similar to those of his accomplice. " By all the powers of evil !" be exclaimed, in tones of horror. " Can it be that blasted detective? He must have more lives than a cat." At that moment the man who bore such a striking resemblance to Belmont Brown moved off down the platform, and was lost in the bustling crowd. For a moment after his disappearance the two schemers looked at each other with indescribable emotions depicted upon their countenances. Then Eckhardt spoke hoarsely : " Rocky, that is Belmont Brown, I can swear! We must see if he boards this train. Come." Mechanically Forbes followed him out of the car door and upon the station platform. It was almost starting time, and it behoved them to be hasty in their movements. But though both traversed the station several times, not a glimpse did they get of the mysterious personage. Pausing at length, after a fruitless search, by their car, each looked at the other questioningly. Had they seen a flesh and blood reality, or was the strange being a visitant from another world, come back to haunt them for evil deeds of the past ? Finding no immediate solution of this problem, they boarded the mail car again, and the train started. The mysterious apparition had as mys- teriously disappeared, but he had left a souvenir behind. Upon his desk, upon resuming his work, Eckhardt discovered a slip of paper containing a sentence executed in a legible hand, which he perused with varied emotions. This it was in brief: " Beware ! The debt is now one of blood!" It was evident that the sleuth-hound was once more upon their track. CHAPTER XXXVII. A CRITICAL TIME. Belmont Brown's first move after recovering from his sickness was to first review his notes of the past and form a new basis upon which to found his future plans. He summed up his present position thus: He had, previous to the unfortunate affair at the forest cabin which had so nearly cost him his life, brought matters almost to a crisis, so near so, in fact, that he had counted the race as won. Bat the inevitable "slip" which is so apt to come " twixt cup and lip" had defeated him, and now, to a certain extent he was compelled to adopt entirely new tactics, and decide upon a new mode of opera- tions. For the schemers, believing that they had done away with him, would now take good care to throw all suspicion aside by cunning means, and continue their nefarious practices with impunity. The single fell blow in the forest that night had completely metamorphosed affairs and turned the tables exactly about. This gave the schemers the upper hand, and placed the detective and all upon the opposite side in an uncertain position. To be sure the post-office detective was satisfied now, after developments of the past, as to who the guilty parties were, but the next thing was, should he cause them to be arrested, how would he prove their guilt ? And this absence of absolute proof was what baf- fled the detective. It would now become his forte to shadow them continually until he could secure undeniable evi- dence, and then bring them speedily to justice. He possessed the material now to make a hard case against them upon the stealing of letters, but there was a deeper crime which he wished to unearth, and that was murder. And until he could bring all to light it would be better to keep dark and work silently. He had faith that fortune would favor him in his plans for bring- ing retribution upon the evil doers, and with fresh courage he again went forth upon the track. Arnold Burnham became his assistant, for in un- earthing the mystery the brave young post-office clerk had a great end to subserve, namely, the prov- ing of his innocence. Again he was more than ordi- narily interested in the fate of our heroine, little Katie McFarland, whom he believed to be in the power of the ruffians. He was obliged to maintain the utmost secrecy and tact in his movements, wearing a clever disguise habitually, for the officers of the law were continu- ally upon the lookout, and they would be certain to pounce upon him at the least suspicion. Since his [?] much stronger, [?] dence would go hard against him. Arnold shivered when he thought of the fearful solitude of prison life, and this alone was incentive enough to keep him ever vigilant. And the finger of suspicion had also directed itself at Belmont Brown in a peculiar manner. It was believed that he was an accomplice of the guilty clerks, and had obtained the posse of officers under the pretense of watching Eckhardt Place, for the ostensible purpose of drawing attention from the prison and enabling him to escape. And it was moreover a miracle that the Burnham cottage was not visited by officers during the period of Belmont Brown's illness, for it surely would have resulted in the arrest of one or both, and under the circumstances in his weak state it would have been difficult for the post-office detective to have proved his identity. But fortunately nothing of this kind transpired, and so it happened that after skillful nursing by motherly Mrs. Burnham the brave detective recov- ered from his sickness and went forth again upon the trail of the evil doers. With Arnold to aid him he kept a close surveil- lance upon Eckhardt Place, and shadowed Forbes and Eckhardt persistently, and thus it happened that in the M-- station, the two villains saw and re- cognized him, as has been described in a preceding chapter. The drunken man who reeled up against Forbes and had the tipsy conversation with him while he, with Eckhardt, was watching for the mail train, was Arnold Burnham in close disguise. And the man whom he met and imparted information to at the corner of the depot was Belmont Brown, the post office detective. And the detective's artifice in showing himself to the two villains beneath the glare of the station light was made evident when they both left the mail car in order to leam where he had gone. Scarcely had they left the platform of the mail car when a dark clad man sprang upon it, and hastily fitted a key to the door. It was a patent lock, but the key which the unknown stranger possessed fitted it, and he obtained entrance into the car. He locked the door behind him, and then stepping up to the desk which the mail agent was wont to use, be wrote the warning which Eckhardt found and perused with strange emotions somewhile later. Then, after taking a careful inventory of the car and its contents, he slipped behind a large pile of cases in one end of the car. A few moments later Forbes an[? Ekhardt] [?] and the latter discovered the [?] and perused it. Belmont Brown at that moment [?] awaiting a given time to go forward [?] operations previously planned. [?] which the dark clad man had [?] may be explained thus: the detective [?] himself known to the superintendent [?] and from him had obtained duplicate keys [?] mail cars on the line. Several times Ernest Eckhardt read the strange warning, and a thrill half of supersitition, half of fear shot through his breast. How had it got there? The door of the mail car had been securely locked. There was no other mode of entrance, and yet the note could not have got there without some agency, either human or spiritual. Here was a mystery, a solution of which seemed not at hand. Eckhardt looked about him nervously, as though half fearful that the car contained others than him- self and Forbes. " A singular sense of danger op- pressed his mind. "Devilish queer," he muttered half to himself, "How did that come here? That accursed de- tective or his ghost is at the bottom of this. Can it be his ghost ?" The last words were in a hollow whisper, and the guilty mail agent's distended orbs were turned upon Rockwell Forbes, who was as thoroughly mystified as his colleague. But Forbes, though a deep-dyed villain, was not as thorough a coward as the other, and treated the matter more practically. " Pshaw !" he said. " There is no ghost about it. It is plain to be seen that that sentence was written by a human band. No spirit would write like that. No, some one has entered this car." Eckhardt started and looked around him appre- hensively. " If that is the case," he said, " he must be in the car now." "It is hardly probable," said Rockwell Forbes. " However, we will search for him. It will do no harm." Drawing a revolver, the gambler made a careless examination of the car, which, however, did not re- sult in the discovery of the eavesdropper, fortunately for him. " There is no one here," was his conclusion. " It's the work of that detective. In some means he has lived to get out of that well and is again upon our track. I believe with you that he has the lives of a cat." Assured that for the nonce he was safe, Eckhardt partly dismissed the unwelcome subject from his mind, and, producing a wine decanter, poured out a couple of glasses which both proceeded to sip. And the watcher in his covert listened intently to their conversation, while the train pursued its light- ning-like flight through the country, pausing occa- sionally at some way station. And the two villains, over their wine, discussed the last startling development with warranted apprehension, hardly assured of the safety which a few hours before they had deemed they possessed. They drank their wine and conversed, until sud- denly upon their startled bearing there smote a sudden grating noise from the direction of the pile of cases which constituted the hiding-place of the dark clad intruder and eavesdropper. Then there came a sudden swaying of the car, the cases toppled and, with a crash, fell, revealing to the astonished plotters the form of the drunken man they had seen upon the platform at M--, and who now that his presence by an unavoidable accident had been revealed, threw aside his cloak and disclosed himself as Arnold Burnham, the post-office clerk. It waa a critical time for our young hero, but nothing daunted, ere the villains could recover from their surprise, he drew a brace of revolvers and covered them. (To be continued.) 