Christmas Superstitions. CHRISTMASTIDE is truly rich in superstitions and legendary lore, and at no other season of tho yoar has tho spirit of tho marvellous been so busy in supply ing food for credulous minds. Indeed, it has often been said that tho charaotor of Christmas would loso much of its romance if once deprived of its many quaint beliefs-"not to mention thoso countless odd omens and divinations which, from time immemorial, havo clustered round this festive period. Although a great part of thoso are fast becoming obsoleto, yot many still romain firmly rooted, hore and there, throughout tho country, a brief account of which will doubtloss bo interesting to most readers. Thus in some places no small importance is attaohed to the ciroumstanco whether a light or dark- haired person is tho first to enter a houso on Christmas morning, light-hairod people being gonorally supposed to bring with them ill-luck. In somo parts of Yorkshire a malo must bo tho first to mako his appearanoo, a female on no account being admitted. In order to make sure that this rule shall not be infringed, a previous arrangement is often made whereby a boy, the son of a friend, shall bo the first to pay a visit, reoeiving in return for his good wishes a Christmas box of sixpence or a shilling. From a very early hour j too, on Christmas morning, the boys aro all astir, spreading themselves over the town, shouting at the doors and. through key-holes as follows c Au wish you a murry Christmas, A 'oppy new year, A pockit full of muuny, \ An' a oollar f ull a' beer. , ' God bless tho maostor of thia 'ouse- : - The mistriss all-so, ;. i . . An' all the little childrun . : ? , ¡ : . . r Thtt$ round the table go. ". j . A apple, a pear, a plom, an' a cherry j ; > A sup a good ale mak' a man morry, &o.; If the duty of "letting Christmas in" has,not al ready fallen to tho lot of some other individual, the lad is admitted, who bestows on the inmates a twig or leaf of evergreen, as he is tho# first comer, or "lucky bird." He then receives bread and cheese, and always money. The same houso will not admit a second boy, ono hoing sufficient to protect it from any ill-luck that other wise might happen. This superstition formorly pre vailed to a great extent in Sootland, much attention boing paid to tho first visitor on Yule morning, who was said to bo highly lucky because " ho lot in Yulo." It was regarded, however, as an unfriendly act to enter a houso on Yule day without bringing a prosont of some kind. Nothing was allowed to be taken out of the houso on this day ; and even members of the family who had gono out in tho morning took caro, on thoir return homo, to bring some little thing with thom, for fear of causing bad luck to tho household. Any servant, also, who had a duo regard to tho intorosts of tho family, was careful to go to the well early on Christmas morning to draw water, to pull the corn out of tho saok, and to bring kalo from tho kitchen gardon-thoso acts boing intonded to insure prospority to tho family. In the north of England tho poor are very tenacious of giving a fight of any kind to a neighbour on Christ mas morning, non-compliance with this rule boing supposod to bo attonded with evil consequences. As an illustration of this curious superstition, wo may quoto tho following from tho "Bradford Timos" of January 1, 1870 : "A man named William Pollard was summoned on a charge of doing wilful damage by broakiner a pane of glass in tho window of a cottage at Tong. It sooms that he had gono into tho houso at Christmas, and asked for a light to his candle. It boing a common superstition that to allow anyono to tako out a light at Christmas is unlucky, tho woman of tho houso objected, but offered the man a few matches. He thon croatod a disturbance, and, on tho husband's attempting to ojoot him, ho broko tho window." In certain parts of Yorkshiro it is roputod to bo " bad luok " to burn any groon vegetables, or to tako a lighted candió into tho open air at Christmas. Again, it is considorod in our northern counties a great misfortuno to lot tho fire go out on Christmas Evo : for, apart from the bad luck supposod to fol low suoh an oocurronco, it is oftentimes no easy mat tor to ropair tho mischiof if onco committed, and no ono is willing on tho following morning to givo his neighbour a light. Should ho steal fire, too, unseen, from his neighbour's hearth, ho would faro no bettor for it, since iiro thus talton is not oountod holy. It is curious to lind thoexactoppositoof thisrulo practised in Germany, it having been customary at this soason to oxtingmsh tho houso lire, and to rekindle it with holy firo, kindlod by tho priest with flint and steel in tho churchyard. . In Worcestershire.-the peasant regards, it -as un lucky for. now Bhoej or. täunefl loather to be ïvQe.iYçfl laid a house during Christraas week, According to NoitlittniptoHslrife belief, tho ghosts of unfortunate peoplo buried at dross-Toadä haro a particular liconco to wander about ort Christmas Efe, and to wreak tllöir etil designs lipon dcfoncdldás hiirrianity. Hence rustics uro particular to avoid rûnning tho rijk of exposing themselves to such ari unpleasant sight, ¿.nd moro often than otherwise romain at homo. It may bc noted, however, that this suporstition is opposed to tho popular one which informs us that tho tfodk crows all night long on Christmas Eve, being sup posed by its vigilance to drivo ' away malignant spirits. This idea is alluded to by Shakespeare in " Hamlot/'whore he makes Marcellus, speaking of tho ghost, say : lt faded on the crowing of tile e'oekj Borne Bay that ever 'gainst that season comes, Wherein our Saviour's birth is celebrated, < The bird of dawning' smgeth all night long, And then, they say, no spirit dares stir abroad . . The nights are wholesome ; then no planets strike, No fairy takes, nor witch hath power to charin, So hallow'd and so gracious is tho time. At Walton-le-Dale, some half-century ago, a corres pondent of Notes and Queries tells us that in most houses on Christmas Evo the inmates utedto sit with their doorB opan, whilst one of their party road tho narrativo of St. Luke, the saint himself being supposed to pass through the house* A quaint old Custom is Still kept up in many parts of Wales, called the " PulgëUj" of watching for tho dawn. This consists in proceeding to the tíhurch at 3 o'clock oh Christmas morning, and Unit ing in a service which is held by the light of small green candles made for tho purposo. Sometimes this oeremony is observed at home ; the people in a farni' house, says Mr. Wirt Sikes in his " Welsh Goblins" (294), holding a jollification on tho Christmas Evo, and sitting up all night to meet the dawn. If the east wind happens to blow, the circumstance is deemed propitious in this connection. Many are the weather superstitions that aro associated with this season, Thus, it is a very common notion that when Christ mas Day comos while tho moon waxeth, it will be a very good year ; whereas if it comes when the moon is on the wane, it will bo tho vory reverse. It is also said that if the sun shinej through the apple trocs on Christmas Day, there will bo an abundant orop tho follow ing year. When, too, tho wind ls. still on Christmas Eve at midnight, it foretells a fruitful year. It is a popular idea that "a green Christmas makes a fat churchyard"-a mild winter being supposed to bo loss healthy than a frosty ono. Tho BegiBtrar-General'B returns, however, prove that it is quite the contrary, the mortality of tho winter months being always in proportion to the intensity of the oold. It has often been pointed out, on the dth jr hand, that there is some truth ia the Gorman saying, " a greeil Christmas a white Easter ;" tho probability being that a mild winter will be followed by a cold and wintry spring. Christmas Eve is well-known to lovo-sick swains and languishing maidens as the day, above all others, most favourable for obtaining a glimpse into futurity. Numerous aro tho spells and ceremonies by which this is attempted. Among thoso most commonly practised aro baking the dumb-oako, sowing homp seod, and eating the salt egg. In Northamptonshire, at "tho witching hour of midnight," on Christmas Eve, tho young damsel goos into the garden and plucks twelve sage loaves, under a belief that she will seo tho shadowy form of her futuro husband approaoh her from tho opposito end of tho ground. In trying this dolioato modo of divination, great care must bo taken not to damage or break the sago stalk, as should this happen serious oonsoquenoos would ensue. Tho following barbarous charm was also much re sorted to in days gone :-Tho heart was taken from a living pigoon, stuok full of pins, and laid on tho hearth; and, while burning, the form of tho young person's future Ïartner was believed to become visible to mortal eye. n Devonshire, girlB pluck a rose on Midsummer Day and put it away, under an impression that, if it is not looked at, it will be found aB frosh on Christmas Day as when gathered. It is then worn at church, when it is supposod their intended lover will come and claim it. In yorkshire, young girls mako a point of obtaining a pieoo of spioo-cako from all their friends, divining their future happiness from tho number of theso they aro lucky enough to obtain. It may bo noted that those love divinations aro not confined to our own country, but are equally popular on the continont. Thus, for instance, in Germany, if a girl desire to know of what condition her future lover will bp, Bho must on Christmas Night listen at the large kettle walled into tho stovo. If the water in it mako a roaring noise, he will bo a smith ; and so, according to tho various tonos of tho water, tho sovoral trades may be determined. A similar idea prevails in Northamptonshire, and various moans aro resorted to for ascertaining tho dosircd information. Among tho legends and traditions associated with Christmas may bo montionod tho old superstition that the oxon in their stalls aro always found _ on their knees, as in an attitude of devotion, on Christ mas Eve, and that sinoe the alteration of the style they do this only on tho ove of old Christmas Day. Bees, too, aro supposod to make a humming noise at the exact timo wnen our Saviour was born. Again, a belief was vory provalont at ono time that certain trees put forth their flowors on Christmas Day. 