BILLY KIR WAN. —HOW HE MANAGED THE FIRE-EATER. One day Billy Kir wan, a well-known Dublin bill-broker of great wealth and equal shrewd ness, was offered, as he sat on his accustomed window-sill in the court yard of the Com mercial Buildings, a bundle of bills for dis count by a merchant who had taken them in the way of business. It was Mr. Kir wan' s boast that he instinctively knew bad 'paper' by the feel of it. ' There's bad paper in your lot, I can percieve, sir, without taking the trouble to look over it seriali-tim at the lite-rah-tim,' remarked Billy, who had been originally intended by his pious Galway parents for the church, and had in his boyhood a decent converse with the preliminaries of the classics. 'Fae- hum habet in corum,' he continued, ' as a body might say to a spavined horse. You had better remove it, if you please, sir, be fore I have anything to say to you, for I wouldn't touch it with a pair of kitchen tongs, much less dirty my hands with it.' 'Iam surprised to hear you say so, sir,' said the merchant, 'and would be pleased to mention what is in my hand that en counters your objection ? ' ' Why, a certain acceptance signed H. D'Esterre' (the cele brated fire-eater and champion of the Dublin corporation, afterwards shot by O'Connell), ' and if you must know my opinion, I would not advance the value of a brass button on all that a jackass could draw on the same security.' ' Good heavens ! and why not ?' ' For a rayson I have, and nobody knows better than Mr. D'Esterre himself,' answered. Kir wan. As Mr. Kir wan was sitting alone the same evening enjoying his pipe and his glass of punch over one of Mr.. Gee's -leading articles, or, just as probable, one of Dan O'Connell's earlier speches iu favour of Catholic emancipation, the servant came in with a card from Colonel Henry. . The colonel very much 'regretted that it fell to his lot to deliver a hostile message to a gentleman of such respectability a,s Mr. Kirwan from one equally respectable rind estimable as Mr. D'Esterre. He repeated the injurious and insulting expressions which . the gentleman whom he had the honour of addressing had made use of in speaking of his friend during the day to a certain mer chant in the Commercial Buildings, and which had travelled the rounds of the city before nightfall. He poiuted out, moreover, the utter impossibility of Mr. D'Esterre allowing such an outrage on his name and character to be uttered and to be sent to the ' world without demanding the satisfaction of a gentleman. ' Then colonel, honey, come to tho point and tell me what is it you want,' demanded Kirwan. ' An apology or the alternative.' ' Which means that I must eat my words or fight ?' ' Most de cidedly.' ' It can't be done for the money.' ' What money ?' said the colonel. ' Why, my money to be sure ; the money that your respectable, friend, Mr. D'Esterre, owes me. this last couple of years — nothing more or less than a cool hundred, and independent of botli interest and expenses. I lent it to him first, not as a matter of business, but on his pledged word of honour that he'd return, it to meet the time promised ; an' nt)on me lionour-audsowl lie hasn't done so from that day to this.' The colonel doubted what lie. had to do with the. money question. ' Everything,' said Kirwan, ' in the regard Gf you not having the ghost of an argument on your side when you. ask me to apologise or fight.' The colonel still, could 'not see it ; but his opponent very soon made him, in this wise. He'd be a liar and a coward to apologise, or in any way to retract what lie had said and still felt of D'Esterre, so long as D'Esterre chose to act dishonorably towards him; and to go out and fight 'him would be to act like the biggest fool in existence. ' Tare ah' ages! colonel,' said Billy, 'do you want me to fire against my own money ? On the other hand, if D'Esterre hits me he'll send me to#the devil after all ; and you know the Scripture says 'out of hell there's no re demption.' ' ' Very true, indeed, and by no means an unreasonable way of putting it,' observed Colonel Henry ; but lie added, ' will you, if I satisfy you on the money question' — —'if you pay me — that's the chaff ! ' roared Billy. ' Pay you ! certainly ; that's what I meau ; but will you then fight?' ' Like a Trojan, colonel,' cried Kirwan ; ' anything to oblige you, anything for peace aud quietness.' ' I shall see you to-morrow morning again, Mr. Kirwan,' said the colonel, rising and formally bowing to his host, who vainly endeavoured to make him take another jorum, ' just to show that there was no animosity between them.' ' You'll have your friend ready in the morning when I call ? ' askedJHenry, as her turned for the last tiinef^ ' That's my intintion,' responded Kirwan,' ' and all my worldly affairs settled.' Colonel Henry did not see the face of inimitable drollery that Mr. Kirwan assumed as he uttered the last observation, for his back was turned, and he was half-way down the hall-door steps, hailing a passing carman. Next morning the gallant bearer of the cartel was at the house of the challenged party, who received him most graciously. ' But, your friend, Mr. Kirwan? I don't see the gentleman to whom I expected to be pre sented,' exclaimed the colonel, looking not a little surprised. 'Lave that to me,' Kirwan remarked very coolly. ' Business before pleasure, if you plase ; have you brought my money ? Let's settle that before wo proceed to the sentimental part of the matter.' 'Certainly,' replied the colonel ; 'here's a hundred-pound Bank of Ireland note at your service, which discharges my friend's, obligation.' ' And here's a receipt for that same, with an apology for your friend, which he and you would be the most unraysonable men alive not to accept and be thankful.' ' What, then ! you don't intend to fight, after all ? ' exclaimed the colonel, on. hearing what appeared to him a most extraordinary declaration, and per ceiving the perfectly ridiculous result which his grave embassy had been brought to. 'You won't light,' he repeated. ' -The. divil a bit, colonel, honey, and that's as sure -I'sCs my name is Billy Kirwan. I unsay all I have said of your friend, and apologise to him and you in tho handsomest manner.' ' I can't just at .this moment see rumi- nated the baffled envoy, ' ho\y my principal is to come out of this affair creditably in this fashion ? ' ' He comes out of it' with flying colours ; for his brother- citizens Will think more of him when they hear he has. paid his debts than if he had shot Billy . Kirwan.' . ...... '~r ? ? — - - . The Policeman's Tramp. — There are many excellent devices, like Columbus's . egg trick, of which we say ' they are so simple ' as soon as one lias been told of them, but there are other plans equally obvious which really do occur to everyone without prompt ing, save only to those very people whose place it is to put them into effect.. For example, who has not reflected, upon hearing afar off the heavy tramp of the policeman's boots, how much better it would be for honest folk if he wore goloshes. As matters stand he gives warning to the thieves of his approach before he gets within a hundred yards of them. Yet it has been reserved for Belgium to add to the equipment of the police force so simple au improvement as indiarubber soles. The burglars themselves have . long adopted them, and with great success, and surely it is lawful to take lessons from the enemy ; that it will have good effect I am certain. It is well-known that very few robberies from the person take, place in London fogs, which seem so specially favourable to that purpose,, and the reason is that the robber can take no precautions for his own safety — the very next person who looms before 'him may be a policeman ; and if the force is ' shod with felt ' there will be some- . thing of this same uncertainty. At all events it is worth the trial. — London Town Talk in Melbourne Argus. Medicinal Properties oi-' Eggs. — For burns or scalds nothing is more soothing than the white of an egg, which may be poured over. the wound. It is softer, as a varnish for a burn, than collodion, and i being always at hand cau be applied immediately. It is also more cooling than the ' sweet oil and cotton ' which was formerly supposed to be the surest applica tion to. allay the smarting, pain. It is the contact with the air which gives the extreme discomfort experienced from ordinary acci- | dents of this kind ; and anything which excludes air and prevents inflammation is the thiug to be at once applied. The egg is also considered one of the best remedies for dysentery. Beaten up slightly, with or without sugar, aud swallowed at a gulp, it tends by its emollient qualities to lessen the inflammation of the stomach and in testines, and, by forming a transient coating on these organs, to enable nature lo resume her healthful sway over the diseased body. Two or at most three eggs per day would be all that is required in ordinary cases ; and since egg is not merely medicine, but food as well, the lighter the diet otherwise, and the quieter the patient is kept, the more certain' and rapid is the recovery.. It is stated that a certain oil, to be obtained from the yolks of boiled egga, is' of great use iii curing cuts and bruises. This oil is obtained by cooking the yolks over a fresh fire. They arc stirred constantly till seemingly on the point of bursting into a blaze, when it is found that quite a quantity of oil is eliminated from each 37blk, and this strained and secured is said to have wonder ful healing properties. Buckingham Palace.— -Tho abandonment of Buckingham Palace as a royal residence is the cause of much comment just now in high life. The Queen for nearly a quarter of a century has nevgr oc-jjipied the palace for more than six days in cacli year. It cost an enormous amount to builds and several thousands q#e yearly expended on its maintenance. It is sumptuously fur nished iu every part, aud contains miles of fine pictures ; and there it stands year after year, nobody ever entering in it, except on four afternoons when drawing-rooms are held, and on four evenings when state balls or concerts are given. This palace should either be open to royal visitors of high rank on their visiting this country, or it should be converted into a hospital or museum. The English court- lias gradually acquired a most unpleasant reputation abroad for extreme parsimony, aud this ought not to be the case when the civil list charges amount to over. iJ-100,000 a year. Colonial K.C.M.G.'s. — A writer in Truth wonders whether the lowest terms have been defined in which can be achieved that good useful slave of a decoration, the K.C.M.G-. ' The Australian scale, it has been understood, is a donation of some £20,000 for some meritorious public object ; but. the order I observe has been bestowed on M. 0. G. Zeroridacchi, a Greek merchant of Alexandria, in recognition of his having occasionally sent some flowers to the British sick in hospital there, and because in particular (I quote from the Times) ' on Christmas Day he sent fifty turkeys for the convalescents.' The Australian K.C.M.G.'s surely have a right to grumble at Danaus dona J'erentcs ever so much smaller than theirs,. and yet being equally decorated.' Matches. — At Jonkoping, Sweden, is the oldest and largest match factory in the world. It was established a hundred years ago, and there are now to bo seen specimens of the matches used at the beginning of the present century, consisting of big faggots of wood -.furnished with a handle and a tip to dip in a bath of sulphur. The wood from which the present kind of matches are made is taken from the adjacent forests, ' which ,are divided into fifty sections. Every year one section is cut and then replanted with young trees. The trees are hewn into planks in the forest and cut into slivers in .the factory. The boxes are made of the outside of the trees. The factories are on the banks of the lakes, which are connected with one another by wide canals. Millions of matches are turned out each day. Some idea of where they all go to may be obtained from the statement that there are at least 280,000,000 of matches burned each day in the United States, or an average of five matches for each person. The Old Curiosity Shop. — The old house selected by Charles Dickens as the scene of many of the incidents recorded in the Old Curiosity Shop is (says a London paper) now about to be demolished in con sequence of its dangerous condition. The house is No. 1-i, Portsmouth-street, Lin coln's-inn-fields, and is the last house in the parish of St. Giles-iu-the- Fields, al though generally believed to be in St. Clem ent Danes. Information reached the metro politan board of works late on Christmas eve that -the Old Curiosity Shop and the ;two adjoining houses were collapsing. \- 'v My case is just here,' said a citizen to a lawyer. ' Tho .plaintiff will swear that I hit , him. I will swear that I did not. Now what can you lawyers make out of that if we go to trial ?' ' A couple of guineas each, easily,' was the artless reply. . s - ^ c v..--'''- ? . 