STRIKING MIDNIGHT. L There was a great pile of Christmas evergreens lying on the table in the ser vant's hall, and I, standing by the huge fire on the hearth, dropped laurel- leaves one by one into the flame, and watched them shrink and shrivel up wreathingly, with a sharp crack like a mimic explosion; and I waited eagerly with childish pleasure for this sound, but started back with a euddeu nervousness when it came. 'What be glazing 'pon tha fire for Maester Gerald)' asked our boy, Zeke Trehaverge. ' I am thinking, Zeke,' said J, with all the superiority of a boy who can read when speaking to one whose ignorance of letters is supreme. ' Thinking,' answered Zeke reflectively, ' then I wouldn't gaze like a dying con ger ; nor yet burn Christmas when I was thinking, ef I wes yon, Maester Gerald ; et's oogly and onloocky, et es.' My small hand, stretched over the fire with a bright branch of laureetinus, drew itself back as I turned to ' glaze ' earnestly upon Zeke, and 1 took care not to burn the laurestinus. ' Aw, my dear,' said Zeke, shaking his head, 'et's a black Christmas we should have, Maester Gerald, ef Ihadn'thendered you burning thicky there spreg.' 'What's a black Christmas, Zeke V said I, in a tone of fright ' A Christmas weth mourning, and a churchyard en et,' said the malicious Zeke, who seemed to be enjoying himself amazingly, as be watched me with gray green eyes gleaming with fan. I dropped the sprig of laurestinus, all wan and drooping now, and turned a pale face towards Zeke, but that cruel young child eater had his back turned towards me, and his wicked shonldera were shak ing convulsively. I clasped my little hands tightly and began to think harder than ever. Now a giant loomed ont black and greedy, and I turned cold as I almost felt his crnel grip npon my shoulder ; then a pixy danced upon the lawn, and whispered to me of untold treasures lying in one of the grim shafts upon the moor, and in faucy I got down to its very lonliest depths ; but there, visible by a red light in the darkness, I met Zeke's most horrible ghost, that dreadful spirit who lived all alone in a haunted house, and at dead of night knocked at its neigh- boars' doors to borrow washing-tubs in which to wash its murdered victims' clothes. It was in vain to tell Zeke I didn't believe a ghost wonld borrow washing-tubs, or carry them off if they were lent. Zeke had seen it Zeke'e mothers sister by marriage had answered the ghost out of window and told it to come again to-morrow, becanBe the ' tnbs wus fall of linen, now, they wus,' and the ghost had gone away groaning and wringing its red hands. And Zeke's cousin, Madge Treloar, had lent her washing tray, she had, and found it at her door again in the morning, empty, bat stained with blood. 'Maester Gerald,' said Zeke; bursting in npon my visions with an unctuous voice, ' ef thee glazes any more upon me like that, I shall taake thee for a raal conger cheal vean, and I shall cut thee oop, and pnt thee in a pie for sartain. My pianer is ont of tuna Come along with me. I'm going to get something from tha cook to ahaape nn fitty weth.' So saying he took me by the hand, and trailing my small legs after him at a good speed, we soon reached the kitchen. ' Cook, where's the leg-o'-mutton bones you promised me )' asked Zeke. Now this question was by no means a singular one, for Zeke was an eccentric genins of the musical order; and made wondrous melody with his bones, being in that respect an Ethiopian of an older date than the originals themselves. ' Drat tha boy,' said the cook. ' Doant e know et's Chrestmas Eve, and I've tummels of work to do V 'I do know et,' answers Zeke; 'and aren't the curl singers coming ) aad the giz dancers mil be to door at eight o'clock; and ef so be as yon waint give me tha boanes to waunce, my piano waint be ready, and I ehaint be able to play a dance tone fitly for am.' This last argument was conclusive. The cook who was peeling apples, threw down her -knife and fetched the bones,' which she bestowed -npon Zeke with sufficient good humour. The fact was, mistress Cook shared the enthusiasm of the restof the honsehold for Zeke's mnBic, .and enjoyed more than the others. the astonishment with which bis performance on the bones was greeted by strangers. Zeke's instrument was made in this wise ; lengthways inside a tall cupboard door in the servant's hall hehad "arranged a con ning contrivance of bones and wiresvif different thickness, on which he- piayed with two little padded sticks,, dulcimer: fashion, On the appearance of a stranger his great delight was to hide himself in this cupboard, and just as the individual had seated himself comfortably, strike up some well-known Cornish tnne, while two little gimblet holes bored for the purpose enabled Zeke to witness the bewilder ment and mystification of bis listener ; and when he was sufficiently' mazed, betwattled, and dwaled,' Zeke finished his tons and stalked from the clipboard in an innocent and unmusical manner, with some noteless plate or glass m his hand, which he laid on the table with a look of perfect unconsciousness — a pro ceeding which sufficed wonderfully to increase the reputation of onr mansion for ghostly noiBes of all kinds, from mnffled drums and a death march in the dining-room; down to an unearthly and pixy jig in the kitchen. Walking back to the servants' hall, I watched with great interest the process of removing the broken and ill-sounding bones, and replacing them with good ones. 'Zeke,' said I when this was satis factorily concluded, ' I have never heard it etrike twelve in my life, and mamma says I may sit np to-night and see it on the clock.' Zeke slily ruffled his hair, and turned npon me a bead like a porcupine's qnills surmounting a countenance of extreme terror. 'You don't mean to say,' observed Zeke, ' that missus is going to let a young cheel — a little cheel like you see anything so offal as that ) ' ' Is it so very awful, Zake, to hear mid night strike 1 What happens ) ' ' ' Fust tha fires bnrn blue,' said Zeke, 'then the caandles does the Bams and goes out, huch-a-boos look in et the windere for oogliness, murderers walk, and ghosts rise screeching.' ' Did you ever see all that, Zeke ) ' Many's tha time, Maester Gerald, I'm pooty well used to it now. Tha fust time I eat oop till midnight I was skeered ento fits, and my hair stood a hend for a fortnight — our cook said 'tweer for oogli ness, but it wann't — and she rubbed it down smooth weth a pound of caandles and a pot of laard. Et tuk tha whole ponnd to lay et fiat, Maester Gerald.' Now all the time Zeke had been talk ing, his fingers were busy embellishing the hall with evergreens, "while J, equally zealous, had handed him the branches, or helped tie them together with twine. A burst of melody, aided by the deep grunt of the bassoon, interrupted us. ' Holloa 1 here's the curl-angers,' cried Zeke, springing from the ladder on which he was stationed fastening np his iast star of Bethlehem in the middle of a group of laurels — stars, by-the-by, of Bkining lead, which Zeke had melted down and cast in the stoppers of some very old-fashioned decanters which he bad nsed for moulds. Carol-singers, the choir from thechnrch, giz-dancers — I believe it should be guise- dancers — and servants crowded the hall, all combining to create a noise insup portable to any but country ears. An immense fire, unlimited currant- cake;, yellow with saffron, mountains of pies, and jags of egg-flip, sufficed to make them exceedingly cheerful. Christmas Eve in our house was always given up to the servants and their friends; so amid a rattle of voices, cards, songs, giz-dancing and cheers, I, shy and half-frightened, stole away to find a quieter place, n. In the passage I came upon my sister Margaret seated on a mat. ' What are you doing, Maggie ? ' ' Eating apple peelings and figs,' said Maggie contentedly. ' Have some ) ' What boy says do to anything eatable ) I sat down by Maggie's side and ate out of her lap tUl all was gone. ' There's plenty more in the kitchen,' said Maggie ; mamma, and cook, and Sarah are there making — ob, such nice things 1 ' ' May we go there ) ' said L ' Where else are we to stop till twelve o'clock, I wonder ! ' answered Maggie. ' The lights and fires are all ont in the drawing-room, the servants are dancing in the ball, and not a soul on this side of the honse except papa by himself in the library.' It needed no farther argument to make me.choose the kitchen, where we found my mother up to her elbows in floor — we < were not a fashionable family — the cook chopping some unknown condiments of appetising flavour, and Sarah, the nurse maid peeling apples. Margaret and I crept nnder the table, and ensconced oar- selves on the high window-seat, against which it rested, from which vantage ground we canght and ate stray raisinB, rolling apples, and wandering figs with great assiduity and contentment. I thought of my father in the lonely library, ' away, and away, and away' from this bright feasting tide of the honse — as far as Lord Bateman's ' chamber' was from his castle door. Yes, there he was, as usual, up to his eyes and ears in books, and perfectly unconscious that tbe fire was going out and the shutters were' unclosed. However, in another moment I forgot him when Sarah plunged iDto a love stoty ending with a Christmas wed ding, where the bride was the ' beauti- fullest yonng lady ehe ever saw, and the ' pictnr of dear little missy sleeping np in thennrseiy.' ' - Now, considering all this chattering and chopping, mingled with the melodies, the bassoon and bones coming in gusts from the hall, I look npon it as a re markable fact that, at this identical in stant, we plainly heard the said misssy squalling with all her might ' There's the baby ciying 1 ' exclaimed cook. ' Hush ! ' said my mother ; 'let us listen.' The cook ceased chopping, and Sarah, with the great kitchen poker in her hand, pointed at the bars, suspended her in tended thrust at the hnge fire; and lis tened breathless for the tittle cry. There I it rang ont again shrill above the bassoon- and bones, and perfectly distinct from the male voices that were shouting, 'God save you, merry gentle men.' . 'Somebody must go up and rock the cradle,' observed the mistreBs of the house. \- Ah, yes; somebody! but who was it to be) This was the servants' night; given np to them from time immemorial, and my mother, after surveying her hand maidens for a second or two, < turned to Maggie and xnje, and ordered jus to take a candle and 'runup and roefc baby. Maigaret and I descended from our perch, crept under the table, and hiding our unwillingness, prepared to obey. Very courageously we left the kitchen, though there was a slight shiver of the flesh in obeying the command to ' shut the door, and with tolerable iierve' we traversed the long narrow passage leading to the foot of the back stain. With my foot on the lowest step I stood trembling, and glanced up the long, dark flight of stairs. The candle flickered dismally, and the cold wind rushed by ns like an in visible but palpable thing in the dark- ness. Margaret's laughing voice rOused me from my BhrinkiDg dreams, as she boldly led the way to the top of the flight. In another moment we were in the nursery, but this was scarcely more cheerfol than the ghostly staircase. In the middle of the room glimmered a hnge and cumbrous contrivance, tike a tin lighthouse, which onr grandfathers called a night-light, It was barred, and chequered, and pierced with holes, so that its monstrous shadow darkening the walls made the room look like a grated dungeon. In the middle of thie machine was a tube filled with water, in which the candle curtseyed up and down tike a lank old maid in white. As we shut the door ehe took a dip too low, and incontinently drowned the light with a hies and a spit; like a witch dying a watery death. As we walked chillily through the great room, the white snow gleamed faintly on as through the large shntterless windows, and the feeble cry of the little infant struck painfully on the ear. The fire was gone out, and thSre was no other light now save our solitary candle. Margaret placed herself on the window seat, her back, of course, towards the window. I sat immediately opposite, and with the cradle between us we began a succession of vigorous rockinga, sufficient to stupefy any baby into giddiness and sleep. As, however, Margaret kept np a running fire of mimicry, in which, with her usual success, . ehe took off every member of the household, and this was answered on my part by explosions of laughter, it was no wonder baby con tinually awoke and screamed afresh. Seeing this, Margaret at last, in obedience to my expostulations, ceased her ' imita tions,' bat commenced instead a series of grimaces, and met my gaze evety time I looked her way with a face either bo per fectly hideous as to elicit a scream from my irascible nerves, or else so comical that, in spite of my efforts to retain my laughter, I exploded with a fresh hurst, and baby, consequently, with a fresh cry. This triumph of her powers was too delightful to enable Margaret to listen to reason ; so, eeeing all arguments useless, I kept my gaze steadily fixed on the window, and refused to be tempted to turn my eyes for an instant from tbe bleak darkness without Deprived of an audience, Margaret, like all other artists, lost her verve, and her Spirits flagged. Gradually we eauk into a deep silence, broken only by the monotonous rocking which we continued pereeveringly to keep up. I wae giving way to a creeping chilliness and inclina tion to sleep, when a sudden chaoge in the light of the room roused me into an examination of tbe candle. It was burn ing what is technically called ' blue,' and the long snuff clogging the wick made the flame flicker unsteadily. Margaret was nearly asleep. I stretched my arm across the cradle to awaken her, and pointing to the candle, motioned to her to use the snuffers, the candlestick being placed on the window-seat by her side. Just at this moment the clock iu the stable-turret began to strike twelve, and as the first reverberation of the deep bell echoed sadly through the room, I, in my old way, turned my eyea again to the window, and in that instant my blood seemed to freeze with horror. A man's face was close to the glass I He was look ing not at ne, bnt at something beyond us, and his white distorted face was fall of an unutterable horror suggestive of some unseen power holding him nnder tbe influence of its hideous terror. This fear, written in ghastly lividness on his repnlsive features, was awful to witness, making the heart shrink and the blood stand still. I marked it all for a moment only, for in the next he knew that I saw him, and as his expression changed instantaneous ly, not to one less ferocious or threaten ing, but to something more human, he passed Iris right hand towards his left arm, and the light flashed on something - that gleamed as he raised it. For one instant, for the twinkling of an eye, I saw the npraised flashing wea pon, the cruel hideous face beneath it : the next we were plnnged in total dark ness — the candle had gone out. It was a relief, for the darkness re leased me from the fascination of terror that had forced me to greet that man's gaze. I shut my eyes involuntarily. When 1 opened them he was gone There was nothing visible at the window save the dark branches of the evergreens wav ing dimly, and the faint glisten of the snow, without which the darkness would have been black in its intensity. I leant forward towards Margaret, and whispered in .a voice nnlike my own ' Maggie, the very wickedeBt man in the world wouldn't hurt a baby, would he)' 'To be sure not P said Margaret astonished. \- ' Come away, then,3 1 exclaimed soFtly ; ' come away !' and I seized her hand. As we felt oar. way on in the dark my hair seemed still to stand on end and my blood to be turned cold within me. We reached the door jnst as the last stroke of twelve from the slow-sounding turret-clock vibrated throngh the room. By aid of the bannister we traversed the staircase swiftly in spite of the pitch darkness. At the foot a man's hand seized me, and I fell to the ground like one dead. ' My dear children said my father's voice, ' don't be frightened. I heard yon coming, so waited till yon came down, as I was afraid yon would ran np against me, or, rather against the lamp I am carrying.' J : had lost all power to speak, bnt Maggie answered : '-What, papa, your lamp gone out too ) JuBt like bur candle i How odd!': -Gropingly we traversed the unlighted passage/arid then a bust of laughter, a Stamp of merry feet, anda tremendous rattle onthe bones greeted us ' throngh thehalf-bpen door-of the hall. Another! moment. told we wen in the light; warm hatched,, .bright .with evergreens mid Imrrireglowingfo e blaze of the great " ::V'- ' ' ' T eank into s chair unheeded, and, biding my little white face from the light, I fell into s sort of dream. I could not tdl what I had seen. I felt as though the man himself prevented me from telling— as though, with all the strength of his crnel, fierce will, he was binding mine into an inert feebleness which assured my silence. I felt Bore Maggie woold be the first to laugh aad declare the vision at the win dow was only one of my fancies. She had seen nothing, and her clear, sharp, practical sense bore with it a weight of testimony to which my warm imagina tive nature could not pretend. Dreaming on, I heard her tell in her funniest way how the candle had burnt blue, just as if ' a ghost were in the room,' and how in another instant it had gone out. only, Bhe believed, because she madea face as ehe was going to snoff it. Then the cook's voice broke on my ear, saying : ' Here's plenty of oil, sir, and nothing the matter with the wick. I can't tell how the lamp came for to go out 2' 'I think you are mistaken/ answered my father ; ' there mast be something wrong, for it went ont without a ' moment's warning. I was reading qniet- : ly, when I fancied I heard a step on the gravel, and looked towards the window to eee what it was, bnt I had oDly just time to remark that the shutters were unclosed, when ont went my lamp and I was left in total darkness-' ' You had the firelight )' said my mother. ' My dear, when a person is reading ' began my father. ' He lets the fire out, of course I Just like you. Why did yon not ring to have it attended to )' ' My dear,' said my father' in the cheerful clear voice that now, in middle age, 8 till vibrates kindly on my ear across the galls of death and time : ' I remem bered it was Christmas Eve, and all the servants were either busy or enjoying themselves, so I accepted the punishment of my carelessness— I sat in the cold. But when the lamp went out I felt a curious nervousness, a strange impulse impelling me to leave the room. I had a fancy I can't account for, that some thing terrible would happen if I stayed there !' ' Well,' observed my mother, looking up from her trifie-dish witha merry glance, ' you set us a brave example of courage, I must ssy !' My father smiled and went on. ' I was reading an interesting work -on the brain,' he said, 'and had jnst come to a chapter on the feelings or warnings of tile instinct, which tbe writer declared were continually neglected, though often danger and even death were the result of leaving this secret voice unheeded ; and he related many carious anecdotes in proof of this, showing how the brain, half-awakened to danger, spoke to us in dreams, presentiments, or sudden and unaccountable resolutions and terrors. Having just read this, I was determined, as far as I was concerned, the author should not have written in vain, so I obeyed my impulse at once, and took up my lamp and departed.' The cook regarded her master with open-eyed terror. ' I wouldn't read no such book, sir, if I wes you,' she said. There's books, so I've heered tell, that raise spirits, and brings homens round a honse, and thie s wann of 'em, I reckon. I was down to Ant' Nancy's at tbe lodge this mnrnin' to tasks her down a caake, and I streeve hard to maake her oome up to-night with aal the rest of 'em. Bnt she wedn't hire of it — she wedn't. She'd had a token, she said, that hersperrit wsseaaled away. A little bird had flyed ento her room every evening this week paast. Would you caal thie a homen or a warning, sir V asked cook, in conclusion. My father always listened as kindly to servants as he did to children, but I ex pected in answer, to bear poor Aunt Nancy's superstition rebuked. I was surprised, theD, when he replied softly that doubtless by some mysterious pre sentiment the poor old woman knew her end to be approaching, or she would not so firmly have expressed her conviction that each was the fact. What were they all saying now) I conld not tell, I only heard my father's words : ' I assure you, my dear, I heard foot steps on the graveL The villagers — the singers wonld not come to the front of the honse — that's nonsense. Hi send some of the servants round to see — or stay, as they are so happy, I will not dis turb them ; Fil go myself; and take only Zeke.' . These words unlocked my tongue. I sprang forward, and clinging to my father's arm, implored him not to go. But the power to utter what I bad seen seemed still denied me. My faculties were numbed by the conflicting waves of terror, ehaine, doubt, indecision, that swept rapidly over my brain, and, above all, a nameless, nndefinable dread' with held me. I still saw that hideons face, and the uplifted weapon threatening me with death if I spoke. My father, my mother — all now re marked my paleness, my agitation, and crowding around me with kind words and caresses the cold oppression at my heart gave way, and I found relief in a passionate burst of tears. They pnt it down to the score of my having stayed np too late, and I, ex hausted and convulsed with sobs, was in no state to combat the general opinion. Still I was able to wring a faithfal pro mise from my father that he would not leave the house, before, half-choked with hot negus, .stifled with kisses, . and my pockets crammed with sweet- meats, I was half led, half carried up to bed, Sarah promising to stop with me. m. The next morning — the happy Christ mas morning to which I had looked for- ward so long I. was woke by an eager whispering. I sat np within my white enrtains to listen. ' Murdered f I heard Sarah's voice say. ' Good heavens ! when )' Last night; between eleven and twelve, they think.' I tore back the enrtains, and seized Sarah's arm. ' Who iB murdered 1' I screamed. . ' Don't be frightened, Master Gerald,' answered Sarah ; 'it is poor old Aunt Nancy down at the lodge. She was .murdered last night some time or. other'; hut it was not fbnnd ont till abont seven o'clock this morning, .when onr cart wanting to go through the gate, and the man "not being able to make her hear, be : opened -'the lodge door, and fonnd her J lying dead on the planchen. Thedoctor, who corned as . &st; as he conld from £«ifyerCbiu&-toTri>, wag hit on the head with a hatchet, or some snch thing as that And poor old Nancy's own hatchet is missing, so for certain that's what the murderer killed her with, and he has taken it away with him, or hid it' . . I fell back on my pillow. What was that thing that had gleamed in the light last night as the murderer— I felt sure he was the murderer — had raised it to threaten me) I knew now ; it was a hatchet And where was it to-day ! Like a flash of light it seemed to be re vealed to me that I knew.' CIpse by the library— into the window of which the murderer must have looked, on the qniet figure of my father reading —there was a narrow path, dark, partly with the shade of many small trees and shrubs thickly planted, and partly with the shadow of an old and crotnbling walL We children never ran down that path to play, for it led to a deep pit, black and dangerous itself/ but rendered more horrible by the legends of super stitions terror in which its history was shrouded. At rare intervals and only when a servant accompanied ns, we had stood on its dark brink, and with cautiouB step and fearful hand had thrown in the pebbles, whose uoise, as they rattledagainBt its unknown -sides, or fell at last with a heavy sound into its black waters, curdled onr yonng; blood, and , drove the colonr from onr little hlanohed faces. It was of this place I thought now as I pressed my hands on my homing eyes, to shut ont the vision of the hatchet, that appeared to me lying in silence and darkness at the bottom of the gloomy pit, I might have told now of the man I had seen at the window; bnt as I lay pale and trembling, gathering force to speak, Sarah began eagerly to relate how the pooroldwomanhadbeenfonnd with the bread-knife in her hand, the loaf lying at her feet. All the blows were on the back of her head. The murderer had strnck her treacherously while she was cutting him the bread bis poverty or his hunger demanded of her. 'And eo everyone thinks,' continued Sarah, ' 'tis thie trapesing vagabon', Phil Thorn , has done it. He was alwis going to her for the bread and butter he was too lazy to earn for hiaself, and she never sent 'an away empty. She has often got np in the middle of the night to cut off for 'on, the glassenbury dog 1 However, there's wann comfort — tha villain ain't got nothing by his deed ; for though he had paertly rifled tha honse, ha missed her little hoard of savings, ha ded. And even ef he'd fonnd 'em they was little enough to commit mnrder for 1 — to kill a poor, dear, kind old sonl like Ann' Nancy, weth no more strength in her than a tomtit" conclnded Sarah with a burst of tears. Daring the few days that elapsed before this stranger and tramp (Phil Thorn) wae discovered and lodged in priBOD, my secret weighed heavily on my heart; and my dread of him was so great that I conld not bear to be left alone, or to lose right of my father and mother for a moment. His vengeance, I thought, would fall, not on me, bnt on them. 'Tell,' I conldihear Mm whisper, 'and I'll kill them both !' And to my imagi native mind, fanciful and superstitious, it appeared like that some demon helped him, and wonld carry the tale to his ears, if I dared to confess that I had seen Mm. When I heard he was in gaol I breathed more freely. I played again, or I climbed my favourite fir-tree for a safer s ilitude than the grounds conld give me, aud hid among its dark-green foliage with my beloved books. But then came the dreadful news that Phil Thorn was discharged ; there was not sufficient evidence for his committal, and the miBsing hatchet conld nowhere be found. I was terror-stricken- In every gust of wind that moaned and lingered dismally in our old ghostly bouse, iu every creakiug stair or jarring door, I heard the murderer's step or voice and felt his presence. In every passing shadow, in every time-worn portraiton the walls, I saw his frightful face glaring down on me with fierccaod threateoinghate. I could not have borne this long ; bat in February, when onr western sun was shining warmly npon banks of primroses and violets, we heard that Phil Thorn had gone over tbe sea. As the distance lengthened between us and the escaped assassin, so did my tranquillity return. Perhaps he ceased to bear always in his brain the image of the little child who had seen Mm ghastly from his deed, with the betraying weapon in hie hand ; and as I faded from Ms brain so did he from mine, and the wonderful power aod sympathy that links brain to brain ceased to magnetise or paralyse me into terror and silence. He bad won the victory. In the silence of hie cell, in the noise of the crowded court, all his thoughts must bave been concentrated on the little child who held his life in his hand. All the force of his desire, his passion, his will, must have been united in the wish to keep me silent. And in all the torture, the anguish, thefear, beneath which I wreathed I bad Dot spoken. He was safe now acroBs the sea, Ms name, his identity lost, and his wicked brain relaxed the tight fibres of thought that bound my image to him with mnr- derouB desires of revenge and hate. He flung me off from him, and I grew happy and tranquil. Gradually the hot steam of that crnel mnrder was lost in the sheen of the sum mer sky. "Hie fair fresh leaves that shook fragrant in the breeze, and the flowers that starred the earth, covered poor Nancy's blood, and she was for gotten. IV. Years passed away. We left Cornwall, and I was a great boy, nearly . fifteen, when, ridiDg ont one day with a brother a year or two younger than myself, my pony lost" a shoe. We stopped at .the fiist village to have it replaced, and in the little padonr of the inn I took np an old paper to" beguile the tima- I .was interested when I fonnd it was a Cornish' journal, and I went on reading though it was dated six months back. Bat what; was my surprise when, turning the page; I saw a long account of Phil Thorn' second arrest, his committal this time; his trial and subsequent acquittal ! ' He had enlisted under a false name, had gone to one of the colonies, and after some, yeare' service had been invalided home. Onboard ship, daring the voyage, he was seized with fever, ' nod in his deliriom raved of a murdered woman— murdered treacherbnsly while she was charitably catting bra&d;'fo? Mm. With gasping breath he told how he had come Boftly behind her, and strnck her down with her own hatchet, which he had fonnd on the table ; then with mad laughs and corses he spoke of his harried search for her money, his disappointment and flight. In shuddering terror he screamed that her spirit was haunting him, and he pointed with shaking finger to where she stood by his bed, silent bnt accusing. On the night of the murder, he said, Bhe followed him everywhere. No sooner had he struck her" down than she stood upright by hie Bide, and it was the horror of her presence that hindered him from finding the little hoard for which he had killed her. In his wild flight ehe accompanied Mm, standing over him in the woods where he larked, or beckoning to Mm from lighted windows of houses round wMeh he hovered. On the arrival of the sMp in port the horrified listeners gave him into enstody. In goal he recovered, and in the hardness of renewed health denied the raving of his fever. On his trial there was little evidence conM be bronght against Mm, and these delirious wanderings counted for nothing. The murderer was again at large. I rode home hastily, and related to my father the strange virion I had seen at the window on that Christmas Eve — the night of the mnrder. He questioned me closely, and discover ing I conld not venture to swear that the gleaming weapon held in the man's hand was a hatohet, and deeming it most im- probable that at this distance of time I conld identify the horrible face of that night with the bronzed and changed features of the Boldier Phil Thorn, he judged it best to lest tilings rest as they were. And to this day the mnrder remains nnpnnished ; bnt I, thinking of it, often wonder if the silence of a child caved the mnrderer, and I ask myself by what power I was numbed and tongue-tied. And who can account by any philosophy for the sadden extinguishing of the lights in both rooms, as the assassin's face touched the glass 1 Did this circumstance hinder the commission of a succession of crimes, by interposing a providential darkness between onr lives and Ms despe rate hand) I cannot tell. There are mysteries abroad and aronnd ns everywhere, which the deepest efforts of human thought have not yet answered. . Sometimes a vision of tbs hatohet; rusty with the blood of the only human bring that was kind to the wanderer Phil ' Thorn, floats before me, nnfoond, on-; thought of, lying at the bottom of the old gloomy welL Js it there ) I . believe so, bnt neither time nor chance in this world will ever tell. 