SUNDAY READING. The Two "Comes." By the Be v. C. H. Si'Uhgeon. " And tlie Spirit ami tlio bride say, Coino. And let bimtbut bearcth say, Come. Ami lot him tbat is atbirst corac. And whosoever will, let him take the water of life freely/'—Jtcvelution xxii. 17. OtTR text stands at the end of the 13ook even'as this day' stands at the end of the year: and it is full of gospel even as we would make our closing Sabbath discourse. It would seem as if the* Holy. Spirit were loth to put down the pen while so many remained .un believing, notwithstanding the testimony of tho inspired word, and theroforo ere he closes the canon of Holy Scripture, and guards it against all addition or mutilation with most solemn words, he gives one more full, free, earnest, gracious invitation to thirsty souls to come to Christ and drink. So on this last page of tho year I would fain write another gospel invitation that those who have not hitherto be lieved our report msy, even on' this last day of the feast, incline their ear and accept the message of salvation. J£re yet the midnight bell pro claims the birth of a new year, may yod be born to God: at any rate once more shall the truth by which men arc regenerated be loviogly brought uoder your attention; I ask those of you who have the Master's ear to put up this'request to'hixn just now, that if the arrows have missed the murk on the previous fifty-two Sabbaths they may Btrike tho target this time, being directed by tho divine 8pirit. Pray also that if some have kept the door of their hearts fast closed.against the Lord Jesus till now, he may himself come in the preaching of tho Word this morning, and put in his hand by the hole of the door, that thoir hearts may be;moved for him; In answer to that prayer we shall be sure to get a blessing. Let us expect it and act upon the expectation, and we shall see men flying to Jesus as a cloud, and as doves to their windows. • Are not the words of our text the words of tho Lord Jesus? Can they be regarded as the words of John ? I think not, for tbey follow soclosely; upon the undoubted language of Jesus in the former verso. Thus runs the pusfage:—CI Jesus have sent mine angel to testify unto you these things in tho churches. I am the root and the offspring of David, and the bright and morning star. And the Spirit and the bride say, Come/ "We can hardly, I think, divide the paragraph, and we must, it seems_to me, regard our text us the words of the risen Jesus, that morning star whose cheer mg beams forotell the glorious day. The lover of men's souls had not quite done speaking to sinners; there was a little more to say, and here he says it. The divine Bcdcemer, leaning from his throne whereon he sits as tho reward of his accomplished work, and bending over sinners with the same love which led liim to dio for them says, ' Let him that heareth say, come. And let him that is athiret como. And .whosoever will, let him take the water of life freely.' ' Looking at the words, therefore, in that golden light as coming from tho dear lips of tho .Well-beloved, let .ub notice first, the heaven ward cry of prayer—' The Spirit and the bride say, Come.' And let him that heareth say, Come.' 'J hose voices go upward to Christ. Then, secondly, let us hear the earthward cry of invitation—' Let him that is athirst come. And whosoever will, let him take the water of life freely'; that cry goes outward and down ward towards needy and sorrowing spirits. Then, thirdly, we shall pause awhile to no icc the relation between these two cries; for tlio. coming Christ is connected with the coming of sinners: and then, as best wo can, we shall observe and expect the response to the two: cries; both from him who sittctli in the heavens and from souls tliirsting hero below. 0 divine Spirit, bless thou the Word. I. First, then, our text begins with tho: heavenward cry of prayer, *. Tho Spirit and the v bride eay, Co-< e. And let him that heareth say, Come.' I think it will be evident, if )*ou read carefully, that this, cannot be interpreted: as being only the voice of tho Spirit and tho bride to tho sinner. Surely tho sense requires . u< to regard this cry of 'coine' as addressed to bur Lord Jesus, who in a previous verse hud been saying,1 Behold I como quickly, and my reward is with mo' Wo may seo the second; includod in it, but it will never do to exclude the first. We shall, not have dealt honestly with tho words before us unless we regard them first as spoken upwards towards our Lord, whose comiog is our great hope. The matter of this cry is first to be noticed— itis the coining of Christ. 'The Spirit and the bride say, Come' This is and always lius been the universal cry of tho church of Jesus Christ, 'iliere is no one common theory about the exact meaning of that coming, but thero is ono com mon desire for it, io some form or oLher. Somo' of us aro expecting the bodily coming, becauso the angel said when the cloud concealed tho rising of Christ, 'This samo Jesus who is tnlcon up from you into heavon shall so como in like manner as ye have seen him go into heaven.' We therefore look for his descent upon the earth in person, to bo hero literally among us. Some expect tlmt when ho comes it will bo to reign upon the earth, making all things new and bringing to his people a glorious period of a thpusand years, in which thoro shall be perpetual. ;8ebbath rest. Othora think that, when he ;cqmoth he will come to judge the world, and that tho day of his appearing is rather to be regarded as tho end of all things and tho conclusion of this dispensa tion than us the commencement of the ago of gold. Thero are some who think the millennium nil a dream, and the coming of Christ in porson to bo a moro fancy, but thoy bcliovo that ho will come 'spiritually, and they aro looking for a time when iho gospel shall spread very wonderfully, and there will bo an extraordinary power about tho ministra tions of the word, so that nations shall run : unto him and bo convorted to his trutli. Now . it would bo rory interesting to take up these *: various statements and speculations, but we do not want to do so, because after all, in what ever way men look at it, all tho truo peoplo of God still desire tho coming of Christ, and bo long as ho draws near they aro content. They may liavo more or less light about tho manner of it, but Btill tho coming of Christ lists been over sinco tho time when he departed tho great wish and desire, yen and tho agonising prayer of tho church of God. ' Even so, coinc quickly, Lord Jobus,' . is tho cry of the whole liost of the Lord's elect. It is true that some have not . always desired this coming from motives of the most commendable kind, and many become moro than ever enrnestintliis prayer when thoy have been in a stute of disappointment: anil sorrow, but still that which they desire; is a right thing, and a promised blessing to be given in its time. I suppose the file of sorrow will always give a keener edge to the desire of Christ's coming Luther on one occasion, when much discouraged, said, ' May tlib Lord come ntonco! Let him cut the whole matter short with the day of judgment; for there is no amendment to bo expected.' When we get into this state of mind the desire, thought right in appearance, mny not be quite as pure, as wo think. Desires and prayers which grow, out of unbelief and petulance can hardly be of the very best order. Perhaps, when wo more patiently wait and quietly hope, me may not be quite so feverishly unxious for the speedy com ing, and yet our state of mind may bo more sober and more truly watchful and acceptable than when we showed moro apparent eagerness. Waiting must sit side by side with desiring: patience must blend with hope. . The Lord's ' quickly' may not be my ' quickly'.; and if so, let him do what scemeth him good. It may be a better thing after all for our Lord to tarry a little longer, that so by a more lengthened conflict ho may the better manifestthe patience of the saints and the power of the eternal Spirit. It may bo the Lord may linger yet a while, and if so, while the church desires his 6peedy advent, she will not quarrel with her : Master, nor dictate to him, nor even wish to know the times and the seasons. ' Come.jLord Jesus, come quickly,' is her heart's inmost wish, but as for the details of his coming she. leaves , them in his hands. - i Having noted the matter of the cry, let us next observe the persons crying. The Spirit is first mentioned—• The Spirit and the bride say, Come.' And why docs the Holy Ghost desire the coming of the Lord Jesus ? At present the Spirit is, so to speak, the vicegerent of this dis , pensation upon earth. Our Lord Jesus is gone into tho heavens, for it was expedient for him to go, but the Comforter whom the Father hath sent in his namo hath taken his' place as our teacher, and abides on earth continually ns the witness to the truth, and the worker for it in the minds of men. But the Spirit oij God is daily grieved during this season of longsuffer ing and conflict.; How much he is provoked alltlioworldover.it is not possible for; us to know! Tho forty years in the wilderness must havo bccomo as notliing compared with, nineteen; ,centuries of rebellious generations. Tlie ungodly vex him, they re ject his testimony, and resist his operations. And, alas, the saints grieve him too.* You and I ^liavc, 1 f« ar, grieved him often during the past year ; and so ho desireth the end of this evil estate, and saith to our Lord Jesus, 'Come.' Beside, the Spirit's great object and desire is to glorify Christ, even as our Lord . saith, 1 Ye shall glorify me, for he shall take of mine and shew them unto you.' '.Now, us, tho coining of Christ will bo the full manifes tation of tho Redeemer's glory, the Spirit therefore desireth that he may come and take to himself his great power, and reign. The Holy Spirit seals us 1 unto tho day of redemp tion', having ever an eye to that great event; his work tendeth towards its completion in the day of the appearing of the sons of God. Ho . Ms the carnostof our inheritance till the re demption of tho purchased possession.' There fore doth tho Spirit havo sympathy in-the' groaning* of his saints for tho glorious appear ing, and it is hi this connection especially that . _ he is described as helping our infirmities, and making intercession for us with groanings which cannot be uttered. In this sense tho Spirit saith 'Come'; indeed, all such cries of 'Come in this world are of his prompting. , Our text next tolls us that, 4 the bride saith, . Come.' Wo all know that the bride is the church, but perhaps wo havo not noticed the ; peculiarity of hor name. It is uot 4 Tho Spirit and the Church say, Come/, but 4tho8piritund , tlio bride/ for slio saith 4 Coxno * always moro forvently when she realises her near and dear relationship to her Lord, and all that it involves. Now, a bride is one whoso marriago is near, either as having just happened or as close at hand. Sho is far more than moroly espoused —cither sho is married or about to bo, although tho actual marriago feast may not have been eaten. So is the churoli vory nearly arrived at tho grand ;liour, when it shall bo said 4 tlio marriage of tlio Lamb is como and bis bride hath made herself roady'; and because of that she is full of joy at tho prospect of hearing the ory, 4 Behold tho Bridogroom cometh' Who marvolloth that it i9 so? It would bo un natural if there wero no desiro on tho part of tlio churoh to soo hor beloved Lord and Head. Is it net us it should bo when; tlio bride saith 'Como' ? I wish to call your attention to the fact that wbilo I havo niadotwo of tho persons mentioned in tho text for the purpose of discoursing upon , thorn in duo order, yet they uro not divided in the pussngo before us. It does not say' the Spirit saith 'oomo' and tho bride saith 'come/ j hut * tho Spirit and tho bride say, Como.' That is to say, tho Spirit of God spcakcth by the church when he ericth 'Come,' and the church erieth unto Christ for his coming bo eauso she ib moved thereto of the Holy Spirit. True prayer is always a joint work; the Holy Spirit .within us writes acceptable desires upon ' our, hearts and ilion we present them. The lioly Ghost does not plead apart from our de siring and believing, we must ourselves desire and will and plead and agonize because the Spirit of God workcth in U9 so to will and to do. Wo- plead with God because we arc prompted and guided by his Holy Spirit. • Our pleadings, which go up to heaven for the ad vent of Jesus, arc the Holy Ghost crying in tho^ hearts of the blood-bought. The church herself prays in the Holy Ghost, instantly crying day and night for the fulfil ment of the greatest of all the covenant promises. * Como, Lord, and tarry not; Bring the Joog-look'd-for day; OU, why the so years of waiting bore, These ages of delay ? •Come, for thy saints still wait; Daily ascends their sigh; The Spirit and llio bride say, Como; Dost thou not bear tbe cry ?' The next clause of the text indicates that each separate believer eliould breathe the same desire,.'.Let him that hcarctli say, Come.* Brethren, this will be tbe index of your belong ing to the bride, the token of your sharing in the one spirit, and being joined unto the one i body, if you unite with the Spirit and the bride in saying,' Come.' For no ungodly man truly desireth Christ's coming; but on the contrary he desireth to get away from him, and forget his very existence. To delight in drawing near unto the Lord Jesus Christ is an evidence of our election and calling; to wish more and more fully to know him and to dwell more near to him is the token of our having t*een reconciled unto God by%hia death, and of our having a ■ new. nature implanted in us: to long to see.bim manifested in fulness of glory is the onsigh of a true soldier of the cross. Do you feel this? Do you desire to be better acquainted with the Lord Jesus ? You have heard; the gospel, do you say as the church doth,; 'Come, Lord Jesus'? Alas, to many the day of the Lord will be darkness and not light, and they cannot desire it, for it will be a day of terror and confusion unto them; but unto-such as have heard and believed in the precious name of the r'on of God it will be joy and peace, and therefore the cry of their heart is,' Kven so, come, Lord Jesus.' This utterance of 'Come' by him that heareth it is the mark of his joyful consent to the fact that Christ shall come. It is well, my friend, if when thou hearest that Christ will come thou sayesfc, .'Let him come.1 If ho come'to reign, let him, for blessed be his name, who ;should reign but he ? If he descend to judge the earth, let him come, for we shall be justified at his bar,. His ends and objects in coming cannot but be fraught with infinite benefit to us and glory to our God, and there fore wc would not delay his chariot wheels by so much as an hour. , Hasten, Lord 1.the promised hour; 'Come in glory and in power; 'Still thy foes are unsubdued; • Nature sighs to he rcnew'd. iTime li:is nearly reached its sum, fAll thincs with thy brido say "Come j" 'Jesus, whom all worlds adore. Come and reign for evermore! * The saying of ' come' by each true hearer is the sign t hat his heart responds to the doctrine which he has been taught: We hare received itby revelation that Christ is to come, and our soul vskith,'Even so. Coine Lord Jesus; it is our happiness that it should be so.' Thus have' we mentioned the persona by whom . this cry is uttered, and now let us add a word upon the tense in which the cry is put. ; It,is in the present tense. *Tho Spirit and the brido say, Come. And let him tbatheareth say, Come/ The Spirit and tho bride are anxious that Christ should come at once, and ho that knowetli Christ and lovcth him desireth also that he should not tarry. Look, my brethren, is it not time as far as our poor judgments go that Jesus should come? See liow iniquity abound*!-Behold our very streets, how foul they are with sin! free how errors are multi plied : do they not swarm even in the church or God itself ? Have not heresies coinc down like birds of prey upon the sacrifice, to po lute even the altars of the Most High ? See at this present time how scoptics defy the living God, how tlioy hiss out from between their teeth the question, * "Where is tho promise of liis coming, for since the fathers fell asleep all things con tinue as thoywere?1 Behold how Antichrist also s'alks boldly through the land. Supersti tions which your fathers could not bear are set up among you yet again, and the graven images, crosses, crucifixes and sacraments, gods many and lords many, of old Koine lmvc come back to England again, and they are worshipped in her national church. In England, stained with tho blood of martyrs, once again the mark of the beast- is to be seen on the foreheads of those whom she feeds to tcaclx her people! Is it not time that tho Lord should come? 0 hoary systems of superstition, what else can shako ye.from your thrones! O gods that have long ruled over superstitious minds, who else ban hurl you to the moles and to the bats ? Ye know him who made ycu quiver on your thrones on that night when he was born in Bethlehem's manger, and yo may woll tremble, for when ho cometh it will be with an iren rod to dash you into shivers. 1 Even so,' we cry, 1 come, Lord Jesus: come quickly. Amcti/ (To be continued.) E.vtkbtatnmknt at Kangauoo Point.— An entertainment in aid of tho piano fund of the Girls1 State School, Kangaroo Point, was given on Friday week in t he school-room, which had been pretlily decorated for the occasion. Tho performance consisted of dramatic scenes very well done, especially the little drama, " The Queen of Hearts," and vocal and instrumental music: Tho'room" was crowded in every part, and tho receipts were very satisfactory. Pkimitivb Methodist Missions.—On Sun day last missionary anniversary services were preached at Paddington, in the morning by Mr. W. A. Wilson, and in the even ing by Mr. .Kutlcdgc. On Tuesday even ihgthe annual public meeting was held. In . the absence of Mr. Rutledge, Mr. Kim berley, society steward, was called upon to preside, by whom the. Bev. J. Buckle was in vited to present the report, which indicated progress in every department of missionary work. Earnest and appropriate addresses were also delivered by the Kcvs. G. Copping, of Caboolture, and T. NVck, of Brisbane first cir cuit. After tbe usual votes of tbanks to the collectors and the president, this most success ful meeting was brought to a termination in the usual devotional manner. A Duelling Kewspapeb Staff.—The Paris correspondent of the Daily Telegraph (September 9), records an instance of attempted wholesale duelling in France. Undismayed by the,fatal issue of the duel fought last Sunday, Sept'3/between M. de M&ssas; and M. Diehard, a>£adical paper is attempting to organise a series, of encounters on a hitherto unpre cedented scale. Ten contributors to the Citoyen have, in fuct, sent collective and individual challenges to t*n members . of the staff of M. Henri Maret's paper, le Radical. The circumstances under which the alleged • necessity for this intended wholesale slaughter arose are worthy-• of ex planation. Citizen Godard, an anarchist by profession, at & recent public meeting alluded to the Citoyen as a mercenary organ. The editor of the Citoyen retorted by. calling Citizen Godard a fatted pig and a police spy. Here upon tbe latter took unto himself five other anarchists, invaded the office of the Citoyenf and attacked M. Gucsde, the editor in chief Assistance was at band, and, after a general struggle, the invading force was kicked down stairs. M. Guesdc, for reason best known to himself, chose to see in Citizen Godard, not an affronted gentleman come to avenge the epithet of " fatted porcine," but an agent on another paper, Le Radical, to whose editor M. Guesdc forthwith sent a challenge to fight, unless he wished to be treated as " the lowest of cowards." M. Henri Maret, the editor of the Radical, refused to accept the responsi bility of Citizen Godard's erratic and violent proceedings, and a note was inserted in the paper, signed by "The Staff," to the effect that "The'geniu-es of the Citoyen were not in tbe. habit of challenging people who would be likely to fight them " At this aspersion on their honour the staff of the Citoyen rose like one ,man. Bach contributor singled out a writer on tbe Btaff of the Radicalt and ten challenges, each supported by two seconds, were forthwith sent to tbe office of the latter journal. Here they met with a serious check. Possibly the requisite number of seconds, 20 in all, were not forthcoming at so short a notice, for even Parisian journalists do not keep two, friends always with them to settle little matters' of this kind.* At any rate, no terms were arrived-at, and the Radical ridicules the idea of 10 or 12 couples, if the two editors be in- | eluded, sallying forth to battle attended by 4S I seconds. 