WHAT IS THE EVIDENCE ON WHICH PURGATORY IS BELIEVED ? First " Is Purgatory believed on the evidence of Scripture?". , We may state positively; that there is not a single mention' of Purgatory in tlie whole - of the New lestdmeht. /- Now, could tliis be so, -if the writers of the New Testament knew of the. existence of stich a place ? If the pains of , Purgatory can be shortened by men's prayers and penances in this life, . how is it that the Apostles never appear to have given their converts a word of in struction, as to' the means of escaping these sufferings hereafter ? . They wrote also, to men suffering severe persecutions ; and, yet, among all the consolations they offered them, they never seem to have thought of reminding them how their sufferings in this life would abridge the time of their punishment in Purgatory, Well, but, perhaps, the silence of Scripture may be supplied by tradition. Let us examine then, "Is Popery believed on the evidence of any of the orthodox writers, of the first three centuries ? " Here again we have to answer, that not a single quotation in proof of Purgatory can be established ; aqd that certainly not for want of pains on the, part of Roman Catholics controver sialists. They have given us quotations from letter writers; they have given us, quotations from heretical writers of the first three centuries; they have proved from, orthodox writers that prayers for the dead were used at an early time, in the primitive Church; but of Purgatory, not a word. We feel, then, that we are, justified in concluding, that in whatever, manner the belief in Purgatory came into the Church, it was not derived by tradition from Christ and his Apostles. "Is there, no mention of Purgatory prior to the fourth century ? " Certainly there is. The heathens had a doctrine very much resembling it. We ) have a statement from Plato and we Virgil's des cription of his Purgatory, which' corres ponds almost exactly with the notions, as to the state of the dead how. entertained ib the Roman Catholic Church. Here,' then, we begin to get an answer to the' question — If the notion of Purgatory was not derived from Christ and his Apostles, where did it come from ? We find reason to suspect that this doctrine was one of the importations from a heathen philoso phy, with which the simplicity of the Gospel was corrupted. " But who imported this heathen doctrine into Christianity ? " Origen, who was well learned in heathen systems of philosophy, had speculations concerning the state of the dead, which, in some measure, resem ble those now held in the Roman Catholic Church. He believed in a Purgatory, but one of far greater efficiency than hers; he thought there was no sin too great for - the fires of his Purgatory to purge out, and that even the devil himself would in iprocess of time, be rendered pure enough for admission into the kingdom of heaven. In short, Origen's Purgatory was what we call hell, only that he believed there would be an end to its duration, Another Christian writer, notorious for the un soundness of his views on some subjects, has been brought forward in support of Purgatory — we mean Tertullian. But Tertullian expressly tells us thrt he learned this notion, not from the Church, but from a wretched fanatic, named Montanus, by -whose pretensions to inspiration, Ter tullian was unfortunately deceived. So much for the first three centuries ; but what as to those succeeding ? Well, we maintain that after this time notions resembling Purgatory may be found in the speculations of individual writers, but that Purgatory was no part of the doctrine of the Church during the fourth and fifth centuries. It was natural that the curosity of man should busy itself with speculations as to ' the state of the soul after death; audit . was not wonderful that the notions enter tained by a writer of so much learning, ingenuity as Origen should obtain con siderable circulation; but we hold that whatever may have been the private opinions of individual writers, their notions did not receive the sanction of the Church. We can prove1 this, first, by negative evidence : the absence— namely, of all mention of Purgatory from the creeds, and from the canons of council of the Churcli, for many centuries. We prove it further from' the vagueness and the uncertainty of the, language of those who express any opinion at all' resembling those held in modern times concerning Purgatory. Epiphanius when asked why he prayed for the deae, instead of answering plainly, " to get their souls out of Purgatory," as any one would who believed in the exist ence of such a place, he makes a far less satisfactory defence, and takes his stand principally on the impropriety of deviating from a custom established in the. Church. Augustine lived at the end , of the fourth and the beginning of the fifth century. . If the doctrine of - Purgatory formed part of the dqctrine.pf the - Church1 in his day; .he could not have failed - to have known and believed it. If, therefore, we can show 1 that he had nothing to offer on this subject, but guesses and probable conjec tures, the conclusion is inevitable that the doctrines of Purgatory formed no part of the system of Christian truth which had been handed down to him by bis prede cessors. How far this is the case, our readers will judge from the following extracts:— Augustin e takes- pains to, argue against 1 those who bold- Origen's i, notions . of; a Purgatory, which should, ;in. time,1 remove all men's sins, i andwho defended -I them selves by: appealing to 1 Cor. -iii; <13. Augustine, in reply, -interprets the wood, hay, stubble, spoken of, as representing .the over-great love which the; .faithful bear to theithings .of life ; and the fire aa . ;repre8enting that > temporal, , tribulation which causes them grief by the . loss of those things whereupon; they had fixed their affections. " But;", he proceeds,, " whether in this life only men suffer, such , things, or whether, some .such judgments also-do follow after., this -life, .the meaning, which I have' given ofi this ; , sentence- is; , as I ' suppose, -not.' inconsistent'! with the . truth." ': ; i . a Again, lie /writes, That some /.such. thing should - take: 'place after i this life is. not incredible, and i whether.; It ; be so may, '-"be > a subject for )(enquiry, /and -may, -. be;: -either foundvor imay remain bidden : - that some i of : the.ffaithful-,7 .through a ; certain , 1 Purgatorial fire; are ; so j much the more slowly-or soouersaved>by.-bpwmuch-more. or 'leSB; they .-have ; loved these, perishing 1 goods." : : We; give one more quotation to. the same; effect;; If; it be said that in the ' interval'/between -death and the- day of judgment the spirits tof-the departed suf-, fer a fire— not felt by those who. have not ..had such., dispositions and . affections in ..their mortal life, that their .wood, hay, and ; stubble shall 'be, , consumed, but felt, by v thoBe who have carriedrwith them buildings of this kind ; whether they feel the fire of transitory tribulation burning those secu lar affections (which are pardoned from damnation) in this world only, or both here and there, or, therefore here that they may not feel it there— I do not con tradict it, for, perhaps , it is true." Perhaps it is true ! ! So, then, in Augustine's time, so late as the beginning of the fifth century, notions akin to Pur gatory had not got beyond "perhaps."1' This is an argument so decisive against the claims of Purgatory to rank among - articles of-faith, a& to outweigh dozens, of quotations on the other side, if, it "were possible to pryduce them. All that such quotations could prove, would be tbat- there was such a place as Purgatory, in the private opinion of the writer cited ; but if the Church had any tradition on the subject, Augustine would, not have needed to speak with a " perhaps " on the matter. But how, then, did Purgatory attain the rank of an article of faith ? Is theology a science which admits of discoveries ? and is it possible to obtain in the sixth century a knowledge of truths which those who were, taught by the Apostles were ignorant of? There is.no evidence for-, Purgatory, unless it be asserted that it is possible for late ages: to find/ outcome'-" thing which the first centuries were ignorant of '; and, accordingly, some Roman Catholic divines have- been bold enough to ' make this assertion. We quoted (vol; ii". p..' 68); the; honesf effifes-v sion of Cardinal Fisher, Bishop of At&cb-; ester. " Whoever reads the - commen taries of the ancient Greeks, will find no \ mention, as far as I can see, , or the ' slightest possible concerning Purgatory. Nay, even, the Latins did not all at once, but gradually enter into the. truth/of this matter For a while it ;. was.. , un known; at a later date it was known; to the Church universal; then it was believed by some, by little and little, partly from Scripture, partly from revelations." As sert. Luther. Confut. 18. V : 1 Now; Pope Gregory founds his doctrine of Purgatory, as Cardinal Fisher has it, on Scripture and revelation ; only,, that there is very little of Scripture and a great deal of revelation. What he quotes from Scripture tells rather against than for Purgatory. When asked whether we are . to believe in the existence of a purgatorial fire after death, he replies — " The Lord ' says in the Gospel, ' Walk while ye have the light.' He says, also, by the prophet. ' I have heard thee in the accepted, time, and have called thee in the day of .salva tion ;' in explanation of which ;text; tho Apostle Paul says, ' Behold, now is the accepted time, now is the day of salvation.' Solomon, likewise, says, 'Whatever thy baud can do, work with all thy. might ; for there is neither work, nor knowledge, nor understanding, nor wisdom in the grave . whither thou art , hastening.' ; )i" . From which sentences we must infer that such as any one departs hence, such shall he appear in the day of judgment." So far Pope Gregory's Scripture arguments conclude against Purgatory ; but he goes on—" However, we must 1 believe; that there is a purgatorial .fire for some trilling faults, inasmuch as the Truth says, that ' if, any man speak blasphemy against the Holy Ghost, it shall be forgiven him neither in this world nor in the world to , come ; .'. from which sentence we are given to understand that some sins may' be re mitted in this world add some in the next. ". .. . . ..But, yet, as I said, this last can only, he believed of some very small' and trifling; sins, such, as idle, words, immode- ; rate., laughter, &o.; , which do not, seem grievous faults, but will become grievo, us matter s after death if any one -neglect .themwkileyqk.in this life.' For when St. Paul says that Christ is the , foundation, , he adds, ' If any man build, on,; tliis i'diiu- ..dation,' &e.; (see 1 Cor. iii 'Now, though this, may be. understood of the'fire of tribulation in this life, yet if any oue understand it ofa.fireqffuture purgation, ,he ought, to consider carefully ' tliakAej is , saveii by fire, not who. builds . on it| lead or : 'iron, that is, heavy and grievous ' Bins ; but , wood, ; hay, stubble, that , is; 1 small ..sins," such, as the fire ,.can easily consume. You. should know, , tqoi ; that', no. one shall , qhtaiii.any, purgation ly; fiie'foivhis-sinall sinsi unless he has meritedf by bis good ' actions, in this -life, that he shall obtain it therei''—DiflZpy.,'lib.;iy.,c.39. : , ' Such is' Gregory's Scripture proof of Purgatory. It,wiU, be -perceived that the ; general tenor of- Scripture, , is 'pronounced by bim' unfayoiirable tb','he\docirme'; that, he, is 'induced, to ' admit .it'fey a very ; illogical inference, ff om the text whicfisays th at the " sin against the Holy Ghost' shall not be forgiven, .in the noxt wdidd, from which' . he).,' gajkhera r.'that some other', sins shall,; and, lastly, that ' he thinks ;the . celebrated; passage of, St. , Paul, in.l C'or., ' mdi/.V>e 'understodd of I'Puigatqryj'tho'ugh it admits' of another interpretation. ' The kind of ' Purgatory which Pope Gregory admits of, falls very far short of what, is. now commonly believed in the 3$hurch of Eome, being only adapted to the purgation of the very smallest sins of those .who have earned a claim forad- Hmission by their good actions in this life. There .are a great many of those for whom Masses are said- and paid -for, who would not be1 thbught good enough for admission into Pope Gregory's Purgatory. ! , But the chief stress of Gregory's proof of .Purgatory lies on Revelations. He admits the novelty of his teaching on this "head. il'His collocutor, Peter, asks him,' ch. 40\. " What is the reason that. in these last times so many things:are known about 's<juls', ! which were before concealed,5 so that ithe future world appears to disclose itself by open revelations .and visions P " To wiiich Gregory answers— Just so ; '.''for asithisnpresent world it approaching to an end, so much is the next world touched by our very nearness to: it, and is disclosed by more manifest siuns " As, however, we find' that Pope Gregory, ..hp died A.D. . 604, 1,250 years ago, was J mistaken in supposing himself near to the . !:end;ofthe . world, Lit- ia. possible, that, he may have been also mistakennn.the'bre- dehcewhich he gave to- ghost /stories on , ( .that - supp osi tion ; and: any ; one' i who .will talthe'tfoublotodobk over his Dialogues, will find' th'e- good-Eather-more remark able for 'simple oredulity.thau for wise discrimination. ---We-shall give a couple of specimens of ' his -stories. -The reader will observe .that he does not speak of Purgatory ''as1 a place j but -'he'' 'describes ' the souls as suftering , in parts of this, earth. We suppose.thatPurgatory being newly opened iu.,his time, jit had not then become worth while, to set up a separate- \- establishment, and the souls .were like prisoners out on tickets; of-leave before it had become worth while to build a prison- for them ' The first story, we cite, is . of one Pns- chasius, a, deacon, of the Ghurch of. Home,' a man of wonderful sanctity,, bountiful in alms-giving, and remarkable (for self-de-.' ' nial. However,. in -a contested .election, for the bishopric bf 'Borne; ! he voted on the- wrong side— for .diautehtius against Sym-' machus— arid5 persisted' in' his :preference; to riia dying day. He worked a miracle at his; .funeral— a demoniac1; touched the " dalinatic " .placed on his bier, and inline-' diately recovered. Notwithstanding, some' time after, Bishop. Germanus having been,, ordered by his physicians to use the hot baths, of St. Angelo, wlien he went into, the baths, found fhe said Pas'chasiiis'; standing there. So -he was :greatly sur-' . prised, and' ! asked . himi .what so great !a; man was doing there ? To which Pas- chasius replied, that he was in that -place . of punishment for no other reason' than- because, he took the side of Tiaurentius . against Symmachus., . But he begged Ger-' in anus to pray for., him, . .telling, him that r: j die i would i know that lie bad been, success ful, if he did not findihim> tbefe//on>his next'visit. 'And, accordingly .''Germanus did not find him there " When ' lie ' came again. ' - : ' ? , Hot' baths seem to , have1,' been the : , fa,vpuEde substitute for Purgatory ,ih.Pope: Gregory's time. He tells another story i about a Presbyter; who lived, near. .CiVita "V ecchia; and Was in the. habit of using hot . ; baths ; and who . . one day on going ;in : found a, certain unknown person, prepared : to wait on; him; . who i took off his shoes took his clothes from him, brought him towels When he came but, &c.; 1 This went, on so often that the Presbyter said . to ; himself one d ay, I must not; behave' . shabbily to that man who waits, oii me so , ,, devotedly at the baths. ;. but I, muat take -....him. a present. , So.he .tp'ok.,.bim!,two of i the offertory cakes. ' He ':found\the(man there as usual, and was waitedion by him \- as before. And when he was dressed and going out he gave the man the present he had brought, by way of thanking him, begging him to take it kindly in token : ; of charity. But the man, sorrowing, said, £ why do you give me this, Father? , It is i .holy bread, I cannot eat it. I was once -the: master of this place, and have been sent here for my sins. If you wish to do .. me ainy good, offer it to God for me, and' you will know your prayers are heard, if, , when you come to bathe next, you do not find me here. Then he vanished, and the Presbyter; saw by his vanishing that he who. he . thought . was a man, really was a 'ghost. And when he came hack after a week's prayer and Masses the man was no longer to he seen. Now, we shall not discuss here what credit is_ due to these stories ; our object infringing them forward here is to show . exactly on . what foundation Purgatory rests and at what a late period the belief ofjrt was introduced into the Church. \- We have said elsewhere, that some modern vBomanists have forsaken the Tridentine standard for' a triple rule of faith— Scrip- \ ture, tradition, and revelation. Now, the proof for Purgatory from Scripture and . tradition altogether breaks down : and we wish it to. he clearly seen that asserted revelations formed the ground on which the doctrine was first received, and by means of which its belief was fastened on the Christian Church for a number of years. Dr. Punshon.— ' The late Dr. Pun shon was, says an English writer, a great collector of autographs, especially those of ' bishops, in which he was almost, un rivalled. It was strange that a Nonconfor mist minister should have taken such a fancy; but he used to say that he and their lordships had at all events one position in, common— namely, that they were both sincerely op posed to the Pope of Pome. Memories dear to English men.— Monsignor Gapel has just published' a pamphlet entitled "Great Britain and Rome; or, Ought the Queen of England to hold Dip lomatic. Relations with the Sovereign Pon- ' tiff ? " In it -lie actually declares that the memories of Papal-influence ought to be dear to Englishmen ; and that the Pope claims, no right of 'action in the' civil affairs of the na tion! vAs tpTlie first 1 of ; these, English His tory brings to oar' memories the influence' of ;Pppel!Pius:i y.jfkvh'o; issued a. Bull deposing; Qiieen Elizabeth from her throne. Nor are wtplik'ely to forget the influence of Pope Gre- I'goiy- Xlllvwhp. encouraged : the Jesuits to "assassinate' her - Majesty, affirming that who ever should suffer death for killing her would 'deserve, tlie1 'honour of canonization. Nor :'ar.e\Ehglishmeri likely to forget Papal infiu- 'ehce'iriTreraridi causing; as it did, the terrible "Irish' massacre of- 16.41, Can the memory of 'siicli influences ' ever, be; dear to Englishmen, unless they be; like Cardinal Allen, of Spanish 'Armada1: notoriety, traitors to their country? As to ('Mohsign'or Capel's second assertion; - there- is no- more -trutlvin it than in 1 his first. ' A-book-of --which the title is " The Church and; the -(Sovereign .Pontiff,",, and to. which is attached tlie appfphation of the Pope and : twenty-eight, (Irish1 Papal. Bishops, distinctly -.teaches;, that 'the Ohurcli of . Rome, baS a right , to dethrone Kings, and absolve subjects from, .their,: oath of allegiance ; and that to deny. f ,tliis .doctrine is next door to heresy. Is not .tin's; interfering .with the civil action of '.the ..English nation ? " 7 itord Derby on Home Rule. —rTlie Earl of, Derby, speaking at' the banquet ..of, -the ''Lfvool'7Braorih;.'C3ubVin''.di8ca8sing' , the question, of Home Rule ( in Ireland, said : 'j Americans.' notra, 'despotic (of i reactionary i country, but yye kriowbow sheclealt. with se- - . cession, and - we ; see how soph . and how thor oughly tlie, traces of a . sanguinary -conflict- have , disappeared. I ,'do ..hot scie why ' we- .slipulq shqjvv less7detefmihafldnpr;;h' Tess- : good 'fortune"' 7 .T ' v:7;.7 : i Epng«eyity.— Recentfy in England an- offlcer w h o liad .. b ee n 'oh . .gu atijd at Nel son 's - , funeral ..in 'l,8pi6;,'J'diea, and.'.at, Dttoxeteri': 'inc Derbyshi re, an ex-Chelsea pensioner lives,' and . still dra\vs his pay at , the age of 92, Arii6' was , with Sir Jolin Moore the .retreat iipon "Co- runna. A . .more remarkable' instance of Ion- gevity thiin any of :theSe,i8 that of a French woman '.who, has. just died;' at the, age. of 107. Miith 7 her husband she was, present at ' the , execution > of LouisXV I., .and stood in- sigh t: of the scaffold, in, the Garden' of the Tuilier- ieB. Slie was "a widow for moro'th'ari'eightv years. "" ... MaSSeSir-rSome) years ;ago Mr. White-. side, an Irish barrister, who- afterwards he-; .carne: Lord Chief Justice of ..Ireland, . paid: a- visit1, to:, Italy. , |He ,made. , the acquaintance ' while, in ;that country, of .anltalian; gentleman. iTOithisi friend he expressed, one. dky,his;iiiVon-' i der . i at- 4>the: swarms , oft priests.;; ha', met :.with everywhere. .... His, friend iireplied, , thai (!'they had not nearly enough. ".Enough forwhat?'.'' exclaimed . Mr. - Whiteside. , Enou'gh for' the .masses) that, arp:,to be said. ,, Every .person 'of: ; anyi property, who ..ahmp;'deatb;:'(jr;7wbo' : expects i to -,-lose his wifehrhhiid, immediately- ; orders ,a hundred or: a ' thousand Masses ; and i -these orders.. for Masses cqine in sp ,fast, tliat , there. -are ialways,.tens of thousands,' in 'arrear,1 iwhicliithe. priests cannot overtake.'' ". And -what do. you do,, then ? ", said .Mr- -Whiteside!. " Oh, when the number of Masses paid ;for, and.npt.said, becomes too great, we', send a petition' to the Pope, and he, for a certain payment, issues a . decree, that so inany; tliou- sands ,. of .Masses, which, have beoh" paid for', and which have not been said, shall be as though they, had' hem said. And so the ac count is squared." . The Foolishness of Great Men.— In close proximity to a paragraph in the Heruld on the " Fayre" is a kind of de fence of such modes of raising money for church, purposes. It is a.speech of Dr. Moore- . house's r delivered long arid many ago at' , Ballarat. and.its reprint just now in tliis con nexion, looks suspiciously like an inspiration of Dr. Vaughan ; whose conscience is evi dently,. u_n.easy and requires "repeated salves. But Bishop" Moorehouse badly over-does his, part. It 'is riot an ' apology but an culogium he bestows on fairs: not only on such dis plays as those lately witnessed, but on the village fairs which were the disgrace and in famy of the country about the time of his own boyhood. The dirty tents of the strolling showmen, and the tinsel robes of the unfor tunate slaves of girls who danced, , his lord ship declared used to elevate his soul not only to Eden but to Paradise itself ; and to them he owes his ability to live the higher Godly life he now lives, and to look upward for a higher. Now the Bishop of Melbourne is a clever man ; but this particular utterance is = really inconceivable folly. We do believe against himself; that at nine years - old ' he passed through a training more conducive to Godliness than he could find in the abomina tions of a country fair, even though there were ever so much tinsel on its showpeople. Public Scbool Inspection.— Injustice is sometimes done to teachers, in pursuance of the convenience of inspectors or others. An instance is reported as having taken place in the recent inspection of one of the orphan schools, Parramatta. The general rule followed in such inspections of schools is to retain the pupils in their several classes, or departments until after inspection-: so that they shall be examined with their classfellows on the lessons- they have been learning to gether. The teacher thus has the, credit or discredit of the result. It is obvious.it would not be a fair ,, criterion of the 'teacher's work, -were, the junior class to be deprived of the. best of its members, to , be. drafted : off into higher classes,: arid ;the -work; to. be determined .'by- ani examination-. of the remainder.' At" the orphan school alluded ,to wo, are informed, that . this j wasf-done. , The teacher, of the infants was ordered, on ;tlie eve.pf.irispection, to send the- most- ad vanced : , children to other classes. Then on Inspection day the second class -was-- made into a third, and, the. first class into, a secondhand The, babies were made, a first .class. Thus tlie classes were examined in work which they, had;, not. been -taught ; and-, the ..infants asked. to read; a 'first el ass-1 lesson which was altogether- new - to them. By. this ;. method both, teacher, arid children are discouraged. It1 is difficult -to- guess .'iwliat. object can be ' served.-by. acting In , thisj- wayp'or i-wlio: is, res ponsible, for the;, arrangement; -which is - not, we. understand - quite 'unprecedented in the . establishment; We suspect there is a leaning soniewhere- in the house - towards,; .". sitting upon -'? certain. officers a'< grade; :or ;; fwo, below. . Jumbo. — Barnum has purchased Jum bo, the: biggest elephant in, Europe;,- from the Zoological gardens of London,- Although- not-- literally a white elephant, lie yet- partakes of tlie proverbial, costliness , of; that irare animal. It may be fairly estimated that lie; \yiU scarcely be. landed in Barnum's menagerie -at; a cost. of less than. ££2000, . He - has become so urimanr ageable and fierce that"1 the' '" zp6''r.is obliged to part -with him, arid tlie-lodseKbox in which lie was to be conveyed, lie will not enter. \- They talk rof dragging.hitn into-it- with chains, andjif Theyitry; some of -them will doubtless conie-to 'gfief;'-- The first cost to Mr.jjBarnum will prove: the lightest. : He will cost ms' iriuoh to- maintain; as a Cardinal Archbishop. - Bazaar or Fair.— Bishop -Moore house, it -appears, claims the origin of -the new-moneymaking fornii of bazaar,! or -rather ' Its new: name, for Mrs; Moorehouse;-''' "-His own - wife;"; -said -his- lordship, - called- utho , bazaar -at- Melbourne -a:fancyii;fairjf:land,4itli'e - '.idea of- a fair, being- thus -started-, .tlie'fuftlier , idea of the Keri'sington. 'reriyMifolIowedj"; ; Does1 h e - real ly _ tlurik th atfi l t,f ancy, I Jai r" ri was . 'anewnamefofa-bazaar;-oniMr8;Moorehouse'8: :arriyal;iin ;jMelbourrie'?- WeTopineithatiithe", \- term has1 been in use' frorii timesilori'g anterior, ; ' to ', that ' .era - when- Dr.AMoofehouse i'.wastniriei years old, when hi8'sbuk-wasel'eyated;toPara-J aise by tinsel and gingerbread.- - : v:. , ' Berrima - Coal.— The coal from , the, , Berrima mine iTecehtly vopened t. is riot only getting into general use iri-'The- South, but,, ' bids fair to command the market even in Sydney. A very large' order has-beeivalready madeTfor some 25,000 tons, 'which1 'are now being sold to the "citizeri8 ;at' nineteen 'shillings periton, . cash on;,Aelivery - by Mr; JosephvMitcliell , of 'Hay; ' street.' ; The i- coal is :1bifumiriouls,; -'and'giyes much satisfaction.! Itis far superidr.!: \- to the rii'duritain- coal, 'being' brighter,1 having.': -more gas; 'and leaving less-ash. ,t: : h . ; T Parnell i Becoming; Wiser.— The I parole 'of Parnell who is - - permitted- to j 'make a- visit -to Paris, ostensibly to - atteridi a.' funeral; as if any obsel-vant inan could believe"' in-'that, has significance; He -has -erideritly, relaxed, whether got- at-by the many soft re-' sources of civilization -which- .-belong, to gov ernments, such 'as prevailed for instance at"' the Union debates -or convinced' at r! last, of'' the- 1 hopelessness 0f i his bcliemesll - The, telegram '.describes - himiremairiing.: in Paris,1 ' during'the -teriri- of his -parole, and, informing' ' the world that- he and bis-companions-are'sick , and; indignant because-offthe continrial agra-' ' -riari arid other outrages committed in Jrelaria. - : -Wonderful are the -way'sof the seditious; ©rily ' riast' fortnight Walshe informed a:;facile, 'public' in -Sydney that there, were no outrages, at all in Ireland, that the reports of such things, -were -slanders of the-eneiriy and the: venal press; &c.; Now they prove- to be so badithat even the "suspects" are shocked by them. It' seems to us that Parnell is making terms and that he has promised to be a good boy. We shall see. " . Deputy Registrar General.— From the general accuracy of the work turned, out by the- Registrar General's office no one could possibly have supposed there was any muddle therein. It seems however that until a few days ago not only did it -exist there but ruled- there, and instead of disorganizing everything, much of the efficiency of the -office deperided on -it. Yes, at the Executive, Council meeting on Wednesday Mr. Henry Charles Newcomb was appointed Deputy Registrar General in the room of Mr. C. J. Muddle resigned. ; ''The Premier In England.— Sir Henry Parkes continues his herculean labours on behalf of the colonies. He lias visited the Duke of Manchester, Lord Granville Lord Leigh and many other high and mighty personages, each of whom gave him heavy dinners and doubtless made him ill,, for the illustrious Sir Henry according to the Herald's correspondent paid a visit- to or received a \- visit from no- less a nurse than- Miss Florence Nightingale,1 with wh'om;;so -the telegrams say -ho conversed upon Australian hospital matters! Tlie Premier, is? about to enter upon the con! sideration of the question: of emigration to New South Wales. Letters to his colleague . Sir John Robertson, state that he is not likely to be in Sydney again before the 26th J uly, unless his presence is absolutely required. Rev. Dr. McGibbon. — Wo are ' sorry to inform the friends of our Rev. Brother, that he lias not in any way improved ..in heajtli, since our last notice. This week has been a very trying one to him. We trust . to have a more favorable report in our next issue.' 