EUROPEAN & AMERICAN BREVITIES. (From. Ha Detroit Edio.) The President has signed the anti-polygamy bill. Jeff Davis is suffering from aserions throat disease. Sarah Bernbardt is sick at Naples and spit ting blood. She is a large stockrider in the Suez CanaL ^^ De Lesseps is in Egypt considering a project for 'BPiAeBino the Snc? £\jlti»1 Cardinal Manning refuses to drink vine though ordered to do so by bis physician. Of Daniel Webster's family only two are now living, children of his daughter Jplia. John B. Googh has lost his voice and cancelled bis lecture engagements. A Bonth Florida lake is said to contain enough alligators to build a fence around it four feet high. Small-pox is raging in HaytL' Nearly SOCK) deaths have occurred at Port-au-Prince and vicinity. Munkacsy's great picture, 'Christ before Pilate,' has been bought by the Austrian The new census gives Italy a population of about 29,000,000. All the large cities show an increase except Florence. The flood is subsiding rapidly in ArtrnnBan and Mississippi, but is still at the highest point ever known in Louisiana. Florida mosquitoes carry off live sheep. This story looks much less improbable after you have ooce seen a Florida sheep. Queen Victoria gives a part of each day to the consideration of important state of affairs, and signs so paper unread. The mormon immigration fond amounts to £60,000 a year, and the church receives about 2000 members from abroad annually. Mme. Pe Balzac, widow of the great novelist, has sold her famous house in Paris to one of the Rothschilds for 500,000 francs. Valley Mills, Texas, struck by a cyclone, and only one house in the village left stand* ing. juany persons injured, one none latauy. Another old bible : W. R. CornweU, of Flint, has one 296 years old. It beats all how some folks do keep their bibles without wear ingthem out. The new census gives the United States 92,653 Protestant churches, 71,662 ministers, and 9,003,000 members of Protestant churches. ' Your people are gods, only they have to eat,' was the remark of the Znni Indian after bis first ride on a locomotive at Washington the other day. The French Government has introduced a bill permitting witnesses to affirm on their honour' and conscience instead of taking the oath. The London Time* thinks there is no serious danger of war between Austria and Russia, or Germany. A yonng couple were baptized together the other day at Trousdale, Tenn., and were immediately afterward married in their drip The English colony which recently bought 60,000 acres of land near Jamestown, Dakota, will break up 5000 acres this season. They don't take any ' Ragby ' in theirs. Jennie Quigley, one of the show Midgets, is said to have received an offer of marriage from an Illinois stock fanner who is worth $200,000. The offer was declined. The funeral services of the poet Longfellow, at Boston, were conducted by his brother. In tome of the finfialo churches his poems were substituted for the sermons. One of the most substantial wharves of Brooklyn, was made by dirt brought from England, Germany, France, Italy and Nor way. It was bronght over as ballast. A Toledo man called at a drag store to bay some whisky for mechanical purposes. Closer questioning revealed the fact that he was going to make an axe handle. Philadelphia^ are preparing to celebrate the 20th anniversary of the landing of 'William Pen a, which occurs about the last of October, the exact date being nncertain. ' When I gave up business ' said a retired merchant ' I settled down and found I had a comfortable fortune. If I had settled up I enould not nave bad a cent. The telegraphic system of England, which is operated by the ^xovernment, is entrusted almost exclusively to women, there being no less than seven hundred employed in the central office. The Netc Tort Sttx says that during last year that city expended about $4,000,000 for the education of children and about $60,000,000 for drinks. There were 9215 places in the city where liquor was sold. Some time ago Mrs. Brown, of Allen County, £y., save birth to twins. Notwith standing there ta bo tioux minstee difference in their ages, one was born in 1S81 and the other-in 1882. {jurteau'a loquacity has departed, but he does not not appear to be depressed. He seldom reads the bible, never prays, and is getting fat. The warder thinks his insolence and egotism will endnre to the last. Gladstone's fattier wed to say bn son Wfl|ja.Tn would ** ruin his country and die in a madhouse.*1 The old baronet left him. a handsome fortune of $500,000, most of which has been lost in disastrous raining investments. Within the past 150 years there have been thirty overflows of the Mississippi, similar to the present, and the records show that they recur at steadily shortening intervals and reach a steadily increasing height. Josephite mormons are telling a sensational story to the effect that Brigham Young is not dead but concealed by the leaders of the church with a view to reviving the enthusiasm of the sainte one of these days by the miracle of his resurrection. And now comes Prince Boaki with a posi tive denial of the story that hie son. the Eing of Ashantee, some time ago massacred 200 yoapg girls in order to a Be their blood in mixing mortar for nw» in building a palnffl or temple. The new ' Encyclopedia Brittanica ' makes the remarkable statement that ' the belief in the appearance of ghosts is now more widely spread and more firmly held among the educated ^w«w« than it has been for centuries.' A Parisian genius is making a fortune by leasing apartments and playing the trombone in them daily until the era»{-erated neighbours take the lease off hiB h^ods at an advance, when he moves on and begins operations in another neighbourhood. Since January 1 over 1,000,000 bushels of potatoes have been received in New York from Europe, some of which have been sold to consumers as far west as St. Louis. This does not Bpeak well for the boasted produc tiveness of western farms. The shabbily dressed sheriff of Dallas county, Towa, took a well dressed prisoner to the penitentiary. The convict coolly sur rendered the sheriff as the prisoner, and the puzzled warden detained both nntQ they could be identified. * Sergeant John A. Mason, who shot at Guitean, has been sentenced by court martial eight years1 imprisonment. Mason appeared indifferent. -A petition for his pardon is being extensively circulated and signed. A lady was singing lately at a charity concert, and the audience insisted npon hearing her song a Becond time. Her daughter, a little child, was present, and on being asked after wards how her nmmrnt had sting, replied ' Very badly, for they made her do it all over again.' An Oneida county constable followed a man on a tiresome ramble through the woods, and then brought a suit against T»*n for hunting on Sunday. The sportsman proved that faehad gone out with a wooden gun to fool the official, and now he has had the constable arrested for perjury. A Belgian who landed at Castle Garden on Saturday has s nair of horns an inch lon£ protruding from his forehead. European surgeons who had investigated the strange growths decided that they were part of the skull itself, and could not be amputated without endangering his life. A St. Louis paper tells of a panther being driven from its haunt by the water, **V^™p - -refuge in the cabin, and being found in a bed where several children were sleeping. It was caged and sent to the St. Louis Board of Trade to be sold for the benefit of the sufferers by the flood, A Grand Rapids girl, with that cunning for which her sex is noted, has caused the report to be circulated that she will have $21,500 in . cash the moment she becomes of age. Sbe is now getting fat on oyster eoppere, ice creams, and invigorating influences of buggy rides tendered in profusion by the wealthy dry goods and grocery clerks in that town. The New Tori: Sun reports BermooB which were delivered in that city on Sunday last in the Spanish, Russian* Polish, Bohemian, French, German, Dotch, Hungarian, Italian, Hebrew and Scandinavian languages. It would appear from this showing that in pro portion to their numbers foreigners are better provided with churches than the native New Yorkers. The lot in Mount Aiibnro cemetery in which Longfellow's remains are interred, is situated on a ridge path about one-eighth of a mile from the entrance, and on an eminence overlooking the beautiful heights of Arlington and the city of Cambridee. Two larpe elms, there being no other trees in the vicinity, will serve to guide to the spot the pilgrims who will here after seek the banal place of the author of 'Evaugeline.' A Government Gazette Extraordinary was issued on Tuesday afternoon, further prorogu ing Parliament — from, the 16th instant — to June 13. We learn by telegram that a mob of 240 head of fat cattle passed Westwood on Wed nesday, in charge of Mr. P. M'L&ugfalin;* They are from Messrs. M, and W. Bell's, Pearl Creek Station, and are for Messrs. \\(*T.*n-*li1iri Rrntliorc siF TtnoL-hamntnn. Mr J. J. S. Bunett. of Clifton Station, h»a taken deliver; of 3000 head oC mixed cattle from Ealonca Station, Port Curtis district. He left them on Tuesday in charge of Mr. N. Garde, and as there is pientr of grass and water on the Gladstone road the stock eboold arrive at Clifton in good condition. Another mob of 270 fsts from the Prairie station, in charge of Mr. J. Vicaiy, were to cross the Fitzroy Bridge yesterday rooming. Their destination is Lake's Creek where a portion of them will be used for pre serving phrposes and the balancer-ISO head— ' {or faoOing down. 