THE GYMPIE RACES. [BY HIPPARION.] TRAINS and station masters being as inexorable as time and tide, the Chronicle of Friday and Saturday could not be furnished with fullest details of the Gympie racing, so I will give you a little further description. The series of acc dents on the first day probably will no doubt be made use of by detractors of sport to point a moral and adorn a tale. People who were not present when the acci- dent in the big race occured, can scarcely realise how utterly it extinguished all enthusiasm for the sport, and its effcects. I fear, will never be- counteracted till some pious imp has choked itself with a hot-cross bun at a tea fight, or broken its spindle shank at some holy outdoor game. It was rumoured indeed in town that some catastrophe of the kind had actually occurred, but the tea warriors have a prudent knack of suppressing such "judgements" when they overtake any of "the band" or "flock," lest the tower of Siloam he toppled over on to themselves and their urchins, and it is hard to get at the truth where they are concerned. But chaffing apart, the accident was almost awful in its suddenness, and the scene one not soon to be forgotten ; a brilliant medley of colours, red, blue and gold, bay, chesnut and brown, dash- ing down the hill behind the weird skeleton trees, that brought the troop into relief rather than hid them, the descent out of sight into the dip, the war of voices from the hill side, the rails, the stand, that told the eager anxiety for their reappearance, and then the sudden hush ! as a solitary horseman rode into view and gal- loped alone up the straight and by the stand. It was Vetter on Moorlad, who had almost miraculously escaped the disaster, and soon after he passed, the other survivor, Negro, galloped after him like a ghost through the narrow lane of human beings who crowded the course, but whom a great anxiety paralysed into silence. It is already well known that Moorlad won, but to the credit of Gympie not a cheer could be raised to greet the triumph of the local horse, popular though both be and his owner be. For the Maiden Plate Pomona was scratchod, and the most racy looking of the remainder was the black colt Yera Cruz, a three year old by Valentine, out of Mast, by Alphonso (son of New Warrior), out of Oakleaf, by Hop- ping Joe (son of AEthir, imp.), but he was in no sort of condition, his legs want a good long spell, and he finished — as every one expected — last. The sad story of the Annual Handicap need not he repeated ; but a capital field of eight saddled up for the All Aged Stakes, which brought Legacy to grief, or rather her rider ; like Davis, who broke his arm in the big race, he is doing well in the hospital, and both will be in the saddle again before Xmas. Goldfinder and Legacy were the only ones backed in earn- est, but Cynthia ran a good mare, keeping with and finishing close up to the cracks in a true run race, accomplished in very good time. The starters in this race were : — Mr. Finnie's br c Goldfinder, by New- bold — Fair Helen, 2 yrs. (Blacklock) 1 Mr. T. Pollock's bl f Empress, by Golds- borough — Emilia, 2 years...... 2 Mr. J. Henderson's b g Czar, aged ......... 3 Messrs. Shand and Buchanan's b f Cyn- thia, by Yattendon — Coila, 2 years... 4 Mr. C. Hobson's b g Scamp, by The Hake, out of Moorlad's 6 dam, aged ... 0 Mr. Millis' br h Liberator, by West- minster — Sailor mare, aged ....... 0 Mr. F. I. Powers' br c Kirtlebreeks, by Speculator— Skit, by Millionaire, 2 years ........... 0 Mr. A. Block's ns. b f Legacy, by Epi- gram — Legerdemain's dam, 2years... 0 Goldfinder, Legacy, and Cynthia were quickest in getting away, but the two first-named closing in upon one another blocked the Maryborough filly, who was pulled back for a stride or two, but she was quickly on terms with them again, and the three raced nearly abreast up the hill ; hut on reaching the top Goldfinder took a lead of a length, which he maintained to the lagoon without any change in the order of his follow- ing, except that Cynthia gave way to Czar, and Empress came away from the ruck, and joined the leader ; on reaching the lagoon, however, Legacy fell and threw Vetter, breaking the boy's leg. As the others turned into the straight Goldfinder was still leading and, with Cynthia coming again, a good race ensued up the straight between the four, but Mr. Finnie's colt maintained his advantage to the end, winning by a length from Empress, who was as far be- fore Czar, Cynthia, close up, fourth, Liberator fifth. Time, 1 min. 33secs. The HACK RACE was without even local interest, and it is time such affairs were expunged from the card at meetings at Gympie and Maryborough. The Queensland Plate was a regular "boil over," as nothing but Legerdemain and Eclipse would go down for a moment ; but the talent were all out, and the ring men in, by the victory of Phoenix, who won a great race by a very short neck. Eclipse seemed unable to act over the Gympie hills, and Legerdemain cut her own throat by making play from the start. Legerdemain made the pace a cracker from the fall of the flag, and led by a length or so with Phoenix second, Jack third, and Eclipse last, as far as the fatal lagoon bend, where Happy Jack stumbled and pitched his rider into the lagoon. Thence up the straight, Phoenix and Legerdemain raced nearly level, the colt going a little the strongest, whilst Eclipse slightly bettered his position, and so they ran round the turn and up the hill, on the top of which, how- ever, the mare began to flag, the pace and the weight telling on her, while the colt getting his head in front, came down the hill at his best pace but without increasing his advantage, and Eclipse closing up at the two mile post, a capital race up the straight ended in a bare neck victory for the local horse, who just stayed the longest. Eclipse a good third. Time, 3mins. 18½secs. SECOND DAY. The chapter of accidents begun yesterday was only concluded to- day, and racing annals furnish no instance of a meeting so disastrous ; happily no jockey lost his life, but several were crippled for a time, as were many of the most valuable horses at the meeting, whilst old Borce the hero of the Annual Handicap in 1879, when Sir Arthur, Doncaster, and Potentate were behind him, lost his life on the scene of his former triumph. The number of people on the course was greater than yesterday : and Mr. Rumpf, of Corry's hotel, must have done as well as as the lessee of the gate. The totalisator, worked by the Club, passed between five and six hundred pounds through during the two days, making a clear fifty by the machine. The rac- ing was interesting throughout, and the Miner s Purse excited as keen a local rivalry as ever. On Phoenix's running yesterday, it looked a real good thing fpr Mr. Chappie's colt, but Legerde- main upset all calculations by beating him off, in three seconds less time than she was defeated in for the Queensland Plate. The colt indeed was never in it to-day, and the magnificent daughter of Legend proved herself a great mare by making all tho running and winning easily as she did. Japan ran a much better horse than we have seen him yet in Queensland, and he will yet re- ward his plucky owner's patient perseverance by winning a good race for him. The pace "killed" Phoenix, who ran stoutly enough but never was on terms with the leader for a single stride. The Hack Race was won by a Nanango nag, owned by Mr. Mills; the Crow's old rival, Signal, running second. Then came the Town Plate, for which Nabocklish was in good demand on the strength of his being a fresh horse while his most dan- gerous rivals. Centurion and Silverhair, had been in the melee on Thursday. The latter pair ran as might have been expected, and though both made a fair fight, it was clear they were not the Silverhair and Centurion we saw at Maryborough. Still Nabooklish won with some- thing in hand, and tho bay gelding, who seems to like the Gympie (fturse, deserved a triumph at last, which no ono will grudge to Mr. Calla ghan. ? Centurion was beaten going up the bill for tho second time, and though Silverhair struggled on gamely to the end, she lacked her usual ' go' at the finish. Tho Stewards Cup went to that popular owner, Mr. A. Black, who has a good filly in Nancy, but Kirtlebrceks. who appears to liave foot enough for anything on tho course, Tan most uukiudly, refusing, except for a moment, when he headed Phamix down tho hill, to race a single yard of the way. The dcatli of Boree failed to propitiate tho three sisters, who did their best, in tbo All Aged Stakes, to repeat tho story of the Annual Han dicap, for Empress, when running well up be hind Cynthia and Goldfinder, fell in her tracks, bringing down Stranger along with her, and causing Mirza to run out wide and bolt off the course. Happily no permanent hurt was sus tained by horse or rider, but tho feature of the race was the wonderfully good form shown by Cynthia, who ran an excellent race with the crack (to whom she was giving away her sex's allowance) who indeed hod to be shaken up to win by a bare length. Of course he had some- { thing in hand, but for all tbat the filly's form is not so far from the top of tho tree as those Maryborough critics imagined when they called her ' a rotten brute.' The Forced Handicap was brought off with out an accident, and was won, after a splendid race between tbe four starters, by Mr. Hender son's smart gelding Czar, by Spartan out of mare by Sailor — Ruby by Sultan. Tbe follow ing did not acccpt : — Legerdemain, 9st. 31b. ; Moorlad, 7st. 81b. ; Phoenix, 7st. ; Goldfinder, 7st. ; Nancy, Gst. 61b. 