SUNDAY READING. Salvation for the Doubting. Bx ins Bet. 0. H. Epbeoeox. " Nevertheless He saved them lor Hia name's sake." ' —'Psalm cvi. 8. IN looking upon the works of God in creation, tliere are two questions which at once occur to the thoughtful mind, and which must' be answered before wc can procure a clue to the ' philosophy and science of creation itself. The first one is the question of authority: Who made all these things ? And the next question is that 0/design: For what purpose were all these things created? The first question, • '-Who made all these things ? ' is one which is easily answered by a man who has a honest' conscience and a sane mind ; for when he lifts his eyes up yonder to read the stars, he will see those stars spell out In golden letters this word - —Ged; and when he looks below upon the waves, if rhi3 ears arc honestly open, ho will : hear each wave proclaiming—God. Jf he looks to tho summits of the mountains, they will not - speak, but with a dignified anawer of silence ; 1 they seem to say, • -* The hand that inade us is Divine/ If we listen to the rippling of the freshet at the mountain side, to the tumbling of the avalanche, to the lowing of the cattle, to the singing of the birds, to every voice and sound of nature, we shall hear this amwer to. the ; question,8 God is our maker; He hath made ui, and not we ourselves/ J ' ' ' " The next question, as to design—Why were - these things made?—is nob so easy to answer apart'from Scripture; but when wer look at Scripture we discover this fact—that as the - answer to the first question is God, bo the ' answer to the second question is the'same. Why were these things made ? The answer is, ' For God's glory, for Ills honour, and for His ;'* pleasure. No other, answer can be consistent - : with reason. ' " "Whatever other replies men may propound,' no other can bo really sound Jf they will for' one moment consider that there was a time, when God bad no creatures—when Be dwelt alone, tho mighty maker of ages, glorious in an' uncreated solitude, divine in His eternal lorieli- • ness—8Iam and there is none beside MV—: can any one answer, this ^question—Why did God make creatures to exist? in any other way than by answering it thus,8 He made them for His own pleasure and for His own glory/ Tou may say He made them for His creatures;' bub we answer, there were then no creatures to make them for • . ' ' We admit that the answer may be a sound one now God makes the harvest for His creatures; He hangs the sun in the firmament to bless His creatures srith light and sunshine; He bids the moon walk in her course by night to cheer tho darkness of His creatures upon. ♦ earth. But the first answer, g^ing back to the origin of all' things, can be nothing else than ' this, 8 For His pleasure they arc' and were created/ c He made all things for Himself and by Himself.' ' Now, this which holds good iu the works of creation, holds equally good in the works of salvation Lift up your eyes on high—higher than those stars which glimmer on the floor of v" heaven ; look up, where spirits in white, clearer than light, sbinc like stars in their magnificence; look there, where the redeemed with their choral symphonies 8 circle the throne of God rejoicing,' and put this question,1 Who saved those glorified bei»g". and for what purpose were they saved ? * Wo tell you that the same answer must be given as we have previouly given to the former question. 8 Me saved them, He saved them for His name's sake/ The text is ananswerto the two great questions concern ing salvation, Who saved men, and why are they saved ? 8 He laved them for His name's sake.' L A STATE WtSCEIBKD. Soul 1 if thou art not willing to take the place which God assigns thee, that He may save thee, thou hast as yet no true idea of what sin is.' God the Holy Spirit has never opened thiaq eyes to see what an cril and bit'er tting it is to sin against God, or else there would be no8 buts.' Picture u man who lias lost his way, who has sunk into a slough; the waters and the mire are come up to his very throat; he is about to sink in it when some bright spirit comes, steppiug over the treacherous bog, and puts forth to him hi? hand. That man, if he knows where he is, if he knows his uncomfort ably and desperate state, will put out his hand at once. You will cot find him hesitating with ' buts' and8 ifs' and8 peradventurcs.' He feels that he is plunged into the ditch, and would come out of it. And you apparently arc still in the wilderness of your mtural state. You have not yet dis covered what a fool might sec, though a way faring man. that sin is u tremendous evil, that thv iin is all destructive, and will yet swallow thee up quick and utterly destroy thy soul. I know that when God the Holy spirit led ma to sec the blackness of sin, I did not need any very groat pressing to ie willing to he washed. My only questi-n, was 8"Would Christ wash me ?' .Ask any poor penitent sinner, that, knows what tho burden of siu is, whether hewi!l have it taken off his shoulders, ami ho will rot say, 41 would have it taken off, but—* No, he will need but tho very mention of the removal of hi? load. 8 Lord.' -oith he. 8 do but take it awav from me; do but take it away, and I am well content.' Again, soul, it seema plain to me that thou hast nerer yet been taught by the Holy Spirit what is thy state of condemnation. Thou hast never yet learnt that the wrath of God abidcth. on thee. So long as thou art out of Christ thou art undo? a curse. If that word1 cenda^mXtion1 had once been rung in thine care thou wouldst hare 110 if* and bufs. When a man's house is on firo, and ho stands at the window, and the fire- escape is there, and his hair begins to be crisp with the hot tongues of fire that scorch his cheeks, he has no 1 buts' about it, but down the escape, ho goes at once. When Lot began to see the fiery shower coming down from heaven, ho had no4 buts * about making the best of Ids way out of the city and escaping to the mountains. And you, oh, may.God the Holy Ghost show to you, sinner, where you are to-day! Oh, that He would make you know that your sentence is pronounced, that God's messengers are out after you. to take you to prison. Then you will leave off your 1 huts,' your pretences, and ex cuses, and you will say, 4 Lord, what wouldst Thou liave me to do ?' And be it what it may, your soul will make no demurs about it. • Surely, mcthinks you cannot have felt the danger you are in of daily destruction. If yon have not felt that, I do not think tho Spirit of God has ever come into your soul after a real and saving fashion. You have no proof that you are one of Christ's unless you have felt the dauger of your natural state. Ho you see there ?—there is a scaffold raised. A man is brought out to execution. There is the block, and here stands the headsman with his sharp gleaming axe, flashing in the morning sun. The man has just laid his neck upon the block in the little hollow place shaped out for it. There he lies, and the headsman has just lifted up the axe to cleave his head from his body. ■■ As that man lies there, if a messenger should come from the king and say, ' Hero is a par don, will you except it ?'. do you believe he would say, 11 will accept it, but—'? Xo; springing up from what he thought would he his last nesting-place, he would .say, ' I thank his majesty for his abundant grace, and cheer fully do I rejoice in accepting it.' You cannot have brown where you sre, or else 'but' would be impossible* to you. Such is your sfc-ifce, remember, whether you know it or not. You put your neck upon the block of insen sibility, bat the axe of justice is ready to smite ycu down to helL The Lord help you to see your state and put the * huts * away from you. It seems to me, too, that you are ignorant altogether of what the wrath of God must be in tho world to come. Oh, could I take you to that place where hope has ever been a stranger —if you could put your ear a moment to the gratings of those • gloomy dungeons of which despair is the horrid wanier—if I could make you listen to the sighs, the useless regrets, and the vain-prayers of those who are cast away, you would come back affrighted and alarmed, and snre I am your -'bats' would have been driven out of you. : You would say, ' Great God, if Thou wilt save .me from Thy wrath, do what Thou wilt with me. I will make no conditions j I will offer Thee no objections; if I must cut off my right arm, or pluck out my right eye, he it so, if from this place of woe Thou wilt but eave me. Oh, from this fire that never can be quenched, from this worm of endless folds which can never die, great God deliver me I If rough be the means and unpleasant to the flesh, yet grant me but this one request —save me, 0 God, save me from going down into the pit!' jxaeouiwere just sin&iog; w ucu, uuu. vruu. could send some bright angel to pluck it from the dames just as it entered there, can you . imagine its being so mad as to say, ' I -would be plucked as a brand from the burning, but—'? No, no. Glad to embrace the messenger of mercy, it would rejoice to fly from hell to heaven. Again, sinner, it seems clear to me, inasmach as you say' bat,' that you can hare no idea of the glory of the person of Christ. I see you sitting down in your misery, in the bare, uncomfortable cottage of your natural, estate; yourself naked and filthy, with your hair matted over your eyes. Behold a bright chariot stays «t your doer; the sound of music is heard, and the Hing Himself, stepping down from the chariot of His glory, comes in, and He says,' Sinner, poor, hopeless, weak, miserable, look unto Me and^ he thou saved. The chariot of My mercy awaits thee ; come thou with Me; My chariot is paved with love for such as thou art. Come with Me. and I will bear thee to My splendours away from thy degrada ion and thy woe.' Sou sit th^re and you will not look at Him, for if you did look, you must lore Him. You could not behold His face, you could not see the mercy that is written there, the pity that trembles in His eye. the power that is in His arm, but jou would say at once, ' Jesu, Thou hast overcome my heart, Thy gracious beauty is more than a match for me. " DissoIvM by Thy goodness I fall to the ground. And weep to the praise of the mercy I've found."' What shall I say more ? Yet this once again I will admonish the. Oh, thou procrastinating, objecting sinner, thou hast never known what hearen is, or else thou wouldst never hare a •but.' If you and I could peep hut for an in stant within the pearly gates: could you listen to that seraphic song; could you behold the joy which flows and overflows the bosoms of tho blessed; could you but spell hearen, not in letters but in feelings; could you wear its crown a moment, or be girt about not with its pure white garments, you would say,' If I must go through hell to reach heaven I would cheer fully do it.' What arc yc, riches ? ye are bubbles. What art ye, pomps? yc arc drivelling emptinesses ; "What :trc ye, pleasures? ye arc mocking, < painted witcheries. What are ye, pains ? yo are joys. What are ye, sorrows? ye are but blifcs. What are yc, tribulations ? ye are lighter titan feathers when I eornptre ye with tlSs exceeding and ctcrnul weight of glory. If wo could have but a glimpse of heaven but a shadow of an idea of-what is tbo oternal re*t of God's people, t»*e should be prepared to endure all things, to giro up all things, to bear all things, if we might bo but partakers of the promised reward. iTour 1 buts' bctraj your ignorance; your ignorance of self, ignorance of sin, ignorance of condemnation, ignorance of tbe punishment, ignorance of the Saviour's person, and ignorance of tile heaven to which He promises to bring His people, (To be continued.) Thsatsb Bbxyicb.—Tbe religions service at tbe theatre on Sunday night was well attended. The Rev. J. Stewart, City Hiesionary,'presided( and elcquentovangelisticaddrescs ^redelivered by the Revs. T. Jones and H. (bombs. Tbe singiog was led with much earnestness ai.d spirit by the Evangelistic Choir. The volun tary contributions from the congregation to wards the expense of the meeting amounted to £2. 