MOUNTAIN REGULATORS. I1Y COL. OliOHOB W. BYMONDS. My iirst introduction to the Regulators was romantic, and decidedly dime novelish. Although I had had considerable oxporionco in mountain work, my acquaintances wore chiolly 'moonshiners.' I had hoard much about the strength of the now vigilante order, but gave littlo credence to the marvellous stories that wero told respecting tho solidity, respectability, and discipline of that famous mobocracy whioh has ruled mountain Ken tucky for tho past four years with an iron hand ; — which has committed many outrages, mado many mistakes, but, withal, rendered thq mountain counties safe to live in, and driven out tho desperadoes and outlaws. Tlio agent for my divison, early in tho month of June, 1878, sent me 011 a mission of invportance into one of tho rich blue grass counties, which county, by tho way, boasts of moro pretty women, fast horses, fat Dur hnms, and fine whiskey, than any spot of like size in tho world. Reliable information had been received at the headquarters of tho Se cret Service in Washington City, that an ex tensive gang of counterfeiters had opened a mint not far from tho famous Blue Lick Spring, and were manufacturing at whole money. The rendezvous of the gang was not definitely located, and I was detailed to 'spot' their hiding-place, Accordingly, I went out on the Kentucky Central Railroad, to the littlo town from which I was to make a^tart ; ' procured a ihorse, and rode leisurely through tho town into tho open country. It was four o'clock in tho afternoon, as I left tho hotel. Reaching the borders of the town, I spurred my horse into a gallop and turned into the first road I camo to, running in tho direction of the setting sun. I had a theory— which afterwards proved a, true ono — that the gang were located in ah isolated and heavily tim bered belt of country, running from tho borders of the blue-grass lands out into the barren ridges of Robertson County. I was thoroughly posted respecting the roads, was X-rovidcd with a good xiost-road map and a - pocket compass, and had no fears of losing myself. A lowering sky indicated a possible storm. By 9 o'clock a heavy cloud swept across tho canopy of stars overhead, and shut out the feeble light of tho young moon. There was a distant rumble of thunder, and tho south western sky was illuminated by livid flashes of electric firo. A few pattering rain-drops warned me that tho storm was close at hand, and I discovered that in tho hurry, of depar ture I had neglected to bring my gum coat and leggings. I did not fancy a wotting, and began to look about me for a place of shelter. The night had grown intensely dark, and a solid wall of black encompassed me on every hand. This gloom was occasionally pierced by a flash of lightning, enabling mo to see objocts close at hand. A particularly vivid flash, just as the rain began to fall in earnest, brought out, in full relief, on the right hand side of tho road, tho outlines of a gloomy looking stone building, the front of which was thickly covered with ivy, clinging in tangled masses from tho ground to the tops of the dormer windows. I pulled up my horso arid waited for another flash; It came, and Isaw that tho stono pile was a ruin, and uninha bited. I had hoped for a hospitable farm mansion, a warm supper, and a comfortable bed, but the raxridly falling rain did not admit of indecision. Dismounting, I led my horse, through the gate, whioh I found after much groping, and guided him through an open doorway into one of the rooms of the stone ruin. Lighting a little pocket lantern, which I al ways carried, I looked about me. The room in which I found myself was bare and without floor. . I did not notice at tho timo that it had been used as a stable before. The floor above ?was intact, and I was glad to get shelter from the rain, whioh was now descending in tor rents. Removing the saddle, I tethered my horse to a projecting hook in one corner of the room and started about on a tour of explora tion. There were eight rooms on the ground floor, all spacious and in ruins. A broad hall-way bisected the house, at the far end of which a dilapidated stairway led to the upper story. The rooms on the second floor were in a better state of preservation, and one could not help being impressed with tho idea that the mansion must at one time have been a noble pile. Two or three of tho rooms con tained odd pieces of furniture, once rich and costly. In ono of tho best furnished rooms' I determined to take up my abode for the night. Somo shreds of carpet clung to the floor, tho walls wore hung with faded tapestry, and tho glassless windows wero protected by heavy oaken shutters, fantastically carved and brightly polished. A x)onderous sofa, covered with deoaying haircloth, occupied one corner of tho room. I dragged it out to the fire-place, brushed away tho dust, started a blaze on tho hearth, and, lighting my pipe, stretched out at full length on the sofa, to wonder at my strange situation, and marvel, botween tho whiffs of smoke, over tho cause of the ruined grandeur around me. I have neglected to say that I had had no sleep tho night before, and the stillness of this old house, broken only by the patter of tho rain, and soughing of tho wind among the trees, acted on tired nature with soporific effect. A dozon.times I sank into a doze, to be aroused by a crash of thunder. Finally, the storm abated and the thunder died away in angry and fast receding growls. The firo burned down on tho hearth, and weird shadows orept into tho corners of the room. A strange hush fell upon tho house, the pipe slipped from my grasp and I fell into a pro found sleep. How long I slopt I do not know, but I awoko finally out of a troubled dream, to find the room brightly illuminated and crowded with strange fantastic figures. Fitting climax to my dream ! I started up and stared . about mo with wondering eyes. Before I could ex press my astonishment ono of tho figures ad dressed mo, and, in sytiba of tho muffled voieo and feigned accent, I thought I recognised tho familiar tones of my old friend, Lance Worth ington. Tho figuro was clad in a long, flowing robe of white, whioh shrouded it from head to foot. The head-piece of tlio mask was pierced with holes for eyes,- nose, and mouth. Tho others were similarly disguised, and I could almost fancy myself at tho secret meeting of somo knightly order in tho Feudal Age. 'You need not bo alarmed,' said tho shrouded figuro ; ' You aro among friends, colonel. Wo mean you no harm, and wo do not intend that you shall do us any harm. You aro surrounded by Regulators. If you are' one of us, mako yourself known. If not a member of tho order, our High Priest will administer the oath of allegiance, and soon make you one.' ' You need not disguiso your voico, for I reeogniso you,' said I, recovering my self possession. You are Lance ? ' ' Stop !' interrupted a dozen voices, and I saw tho gleam of a dozen pistol barrels under the folds of tho white shrouds. ' You will consult your own safety and know no ono hero,' said a tall fellow standing at the foot of the sofa. t I saw that his pistol covered my heart, and was silent. ,(' You may think this an idle lnasquerado, but I assure you it is tho reverse,' said the figuro which I thought Lance Wojthington. ' Wo aro Regulators, and have mot for busi nqss'.V ' Well?' I interrogated rather tauntingly. ' Wo porfectly understand that you aro here by accident, and havo no intention of spying on our abtions. Nevertheless, self preservation is tho first law of nature, and you must join our order.' ' ' Suppose I objeot to Buoh forced member ship, ?' I ventured, and ' looked about, for ni X'istols. .'.'? ., ' ' . Thoy worb gonol a:: . ' Tho order deals vigorously with all who disoboy its commands I' cried a muffled voice in my oar. '. ' You do not mean— ?' I cried, starting ?up. ?.-?':? ' Bo quiet, old fellow,' interrupted the voieo which I recognised as Lanco Worthing ton's.. 'Let me' advise you. This house in which you havo taken shelter is tho sometime ren dezvous of one of tho strongest Regulator lodges in tho State. We number 250 mem bers, and nearly all are present to-night. Wo aro all armed, and your pistols aro in our possession. This meeting is accidental, but tho rilloa' of the order aro imperative, and you must beebmd one : of us.' ? ' Suppose I' refuse ?' I said. ' Thon you must suffer tho penalty of con tempt I ' cried the veiled figure at tho foot of the tho sofa. 'And that?' ' ' Death 1 ' cried' a chorus of voices. ' Gentlemen,' said I, beginning to take a serious view of the matter, ' I am opposed to your order and have so oxpressod myself a hundred tinies. If you force me to take any oath I shall not consider it binding, for I take it under protest.' ' He who is once a Regulator is always a Regulator,' wailed the tall figuro at tho foot of tho sofa. .'You will .never betray tho secrets of tho order.' ' AVoll, then,' said I, rising to my foot, ' since lam forced to this thing, go ahead.' ' Let the High Priest administer tho oath'? ' said tho voice in my rear, and the tall figuro at tho foot of the sofa stepped forward. ' Hold up your right hand ! ' commanded the High Priest. I did so, and slowly repeated tho o»th which bound me to secrecy, which obligated mo in a hundred different ways, and which oath I faithfully kept until regularly released. After the ceremony was over, several of the figures unmasked and disclosed old frinds of mine. I was not deceived as to Lance Worthington's voice, and he was tho first to congratulate mo as a brother Regulator. In the course of our conversation, ho told me that the ruined house, in which we wore assembled, was the scene of a terrible murder years ago, and ha'd tho rexiutation of being haunted by the ghost of the murdered man. It had not been occupied for years, and tho Regulators had taken advantage of the super stitious legends connected with the -pilo and transformed it into a place of rendezvous. They had no fear of interlopers hero. He told me that horse and ea'ttle stealing was so common in tho county, that it was necessary to organise some sort of association for pro tection. They had accordingly allied them selves to tho now. ' vigilante' order, which had been so successful in breaking up crime, and organized themselves uUo a lodge of Regulators. Tho captain of the lodge was one of tho wealthiest young stock-raisers in Kentucky, and tho members wero from the best families in the State. ' Wo havo an important and xrainful duty to perform to- night,' he said in conclusion, ' and you can accompany us or not, as you choose.' I pleaded business, and declined. ' I know what you are after, I think,' ho said quickly ; ' and you ? will ride with us to night, and — after our business is over — go home with me, I will visit you. A man in my employ has been approached indirectly by the parties you are after, and he knows enough of their movements to put you on their track. He is an honest fellow, and has already taken mo into his confidonce, Now, rido with us to-night, and I will rido with you to-morrow night.' To make a long stoiy short, I finally agreed . to make my first trip as a Regulator, and was provided with a shroud similar to those worn by the other members of the lodge. When I went down to my horse, X found him similarly disguised, and could not hehj smiling at his weird and uncanny appoarance. ' You will answer to tho number two hun dred and fifty three 1' said tho captain of tho lodge, as I was mounting. ' Wo aro known only by numbers when wo aro at work.' Wo rode in the direction in which Iliad come, four abreast, and the long lino of white robed spectres, moving along swiftly and silently, wero enough to inspire terror in tho heart of the bravest man, had wo chanced to meet ono during our journoy. I learned afterwards that, had we met any person, they ? would have been forced to take the oath. An hour xJOssefl in this way, and wo were fast nearing tho shire town of the coubty. I recol lected that I. knew nothing of tho object of this midnight ride, and asked my right hand companion for information. 'E — h!' ho whispered, 'you. will see. We arc nearly there.' Tq my dying day I will not forgot tho dual tragedy enacted that night ' by order of Judge Lynch ! ' A horrible murder had boon . committed a fow months before iu tho county. Tho motive, adulterous Just. Awifeandhor paramour were arrested, charged with the murder of a husband and friend. They wero intelligent, their social position was a high . ? one, and wealth in abundance was at their command. In sx-ite of popular indignation against tho murderers, and strong circumstan tial evidence connecting them with the crime, it was very probabls that tho law— which is not always justice — through some technicality, would free the evidently guilty pair, to enjoy undisturbed, their blood-stained lust. Tho caso was laid beforo the Regulators and thoy gave it a fair and impartial trial, Every mitigating circumstance iu favour- of.- the .innocence- of the accused persons was carefully considered. When tho fatal ballot was east atthe closo of the inves- . tigation;thero was'no merciful 'white ball' dropxied into tho box, -and Judgo Lynoh had pronounced sentence of death. It is needless to xirolong this articlo by describing that night's work. It is a mattor of history, and tho verdict of the world, after tho first shock of horror jiasBed, waa 'Sorrcd thorn right I ' Executions, be thoy legal, illegal, or semi-legal, havo a painful and horrid similarity. A jail was surrounded by masked men, the jailer forced at the muzzle of a dozen pistols, to givo up tho keys, a man and woman, whose hands were stained with tho blood of a fellow-oreature, were aroused irom dreams of .possible liberty; a confession o£ guilt was made by both, thoy were told of tho 1 ato in store for them ; a few minutes' timo was given them to prepare for that final arraignment befoxe the bar of a just God, and in sxjito. of the sobs and prayers for meroy, and erica and lamentations, wero ' hanged by tho neck until dead.' It was stern and terrible punishment. 'A life for a lifo! ' Atthe edgo of tho town tho lodge dispersed, the masks and shrouds wero removed, and each man sought his home by the nearest and most direet road. I accompanied my friend Lanco Worthington, and we wero safe in bed beforo sunrise. Neither spoko of tho 'occur rence of the night, and both tried to forgot it in sleep, but it was many long days beforo I could drive away the haunting faces of those two wretched beings, or forgot tho agony ot their last frantic appeals for meroy and lifo. The noxt day I possessed myself of infor mation ..whioh warranted mo in serving out warrants against three noted counterfeiters beforo tho nearest United States Commis sioner, and tho next night, with the assistance of a posse of my nowly mado brethren, J. suc ceeded in overtaking the 'crooks,' in cap turing their materials, machines, dies and manufactured money, and lodging them all safely in jail. 