PENOLA, (From our Fat Contributor.) Feb. 13. The defences, or it might with more propriety be said the defenceless, position in which the :olonies are at the present time in the event of a hostile invasion appears to be attracting some attention, both in Melbourne and Adelaide, and the remarks that were made in reference thereto will no doubt confirm the opinion entertained by many persons as to the little reliance that can be placed in tlw defence forces of the colonies as at present constituted. At an influential meet* ing of volunteer officers recently held in Mel bourne the following resolutions were carried and forwarded to the Government.. That the present organisation of the volunteer force is unsatisfactory. That legislation is urgently re quired to provide for the maintenance of a partially paid force of 1,000 men in times of peace, to be increased to 10,000 when war is apprehended; and that a permanent force of artillery be enrolled and the men stationed at the various batteries." The foregoing resolutions, arrived at by Home forty or moro volunteer officers, are very significant of the opinion they entertain of the force under their control, and it must be rather humiliating to our neighbours to learn that after the immense amount that-has been expended on the volunteer movement toria duiing the last quarter of a centuryftfeorga. nisation and efficiency of the fore*** Rented un satisfactory by the officers themselTea. The cost to Victoria in playiDg at solfliers during the period named would probably have more Hum sufficed for the maintennnce' of a contingent of British troops whose services would be always available while at the same time they would form the nucleus of a little army around which our citizfen soldiers could ral'y in the event of their services being required. That history re peats itself is a truism that is generally admitted, for the retention of the British troops then in the colonies, or the enrollment of a permanent force, was strongly advocated by many at the time that our legislators in their wisdom had come to the conclusion that playing at soldiering would be tha more economical plan to adopt, and the result of their decision is detailed above* It is a singular coincidence that almost simul taneously. with ? the opinion expressed by the volunteer officers in the sister colony the Ade- . laide Register has alBO drawn public attention to . the defenceless state in which this colony is in, and at the same time gives a somewhat amusing account of the proficiency (?) at which our gal lant volunteers have arrived, " Fort Glanville," says the editor of that journal, " is undoubtedly well constructed and well furnished with warlike appliances, but it cannot be said to ba well manned. To an unprofessional person watching from the jetty, the target practice ou Saturday last did not appear to be altogether - satisfactory. Many will probably be inclined to think that our reporter displayed a most conscientious deBire to adhere to strict accuracy. When in describing it, he said that "several rounds were fired with such precision that it would have been dangerous for any vessel that .might havebeen in the vicinity of the range. But even if the fort could be . manned most efficiently by the volunteers, it appears to us that something more is wanting. T{iere should be a well trained and efficient corps on the spot." It is, however, very gratifying to know that after all the training they have received our gallant artillery men are nob likely to hurt themselves or the targets at which they are practising. An amusing incident of the reliance that is to ba placed on half-trained citizen soldiers is related as having occurred at Waterloo ; and although it is not at all likely that such will ever take place with respect to our colonial fire- eaters, the story instructive in its way. A foreign regiment of light horse was at Waterloo, when an oppor tunity occurred for them to charge the French cavalry, and the Iron Duke s^nt them an order to^ that effect. The colonel, in great sur prise, objected ^ to the enemy's strength : and the consideration, which had moBt unaccountably, he said, escaped the Duke that his regiment were all gentlemen ! On hearing this the old hero sent the colonel word that if the gentlemen would take poBt upon a hill in tho rear, which he pointed out, they would have an excellent view of the battle, and he would leavo the proper time to charge, entirely to their own sagacity and discretion, in which he had the fullest confidence 1 The gallant colonel thanked the duke for this distinguished honor, and fol lowed by his troopers were out of danger in a moment. Our old friend, Mr. Cornelius Proud, who did the South-East a year or two since, is obtaining a greater amount of notoriety on his return from his " tower " round the world than he bargained for, I imagine, when . he started on his travels. To be let in by brother Jonathan .with Banco'a ghost was bad enough, but to be placed in quarantine when nearly at, the end of Ms" journey was Tather too bad after his experience in Yankeeland- The Man under the Verandah is particularly sarcastic, and whether friend "Con." will feel at all "Proud" at there marks made about himself I know not 1 After a storm comes a calm, and after a carnival quietude; and at present we are in a perfect state of " quietesence," and fast relapsing into our usual normal condition, for the Penola races have come and gone, and all the excitement consequent thereon has subsided, and is now . numbered among the things that were. It must not, however, be supposed that we are degenerating into a species, of sleepy . hollow, or. that the Penolians are about to transform themselves into-so many Kip Van Winkles. Nothing of the kind. There are a number of little matters looming ahead that will serve to enliven UB for the time being. To morrow (Tuesday) how many rosebud hearts will that old sinner, "St. Valentine," set fluttering at early dawn in expectation of what is in store for them during the day; and while many of their pretty faces and ruby lips will be wreathed in smiles at finding their hopes realised, others, yew deer ole Bessy, will be a left out in the cold. But, bles yew, Bessy, that be alius the wai bin this wurld, for sum doo a win an' sum doo a lose ; but the Lord he alius a tempers the .wind for the shorn lambkins, an' they wun'tfind hit so bad as they thinks fur,-" Glenburnie." On Wednesday evening there is to be a social gathering at the Prince of Wales, the friends of Mr. W. E. Warburton having invited him to partake of a cheering glass with tbem prior to his leaving the district, which, I understand, takes place on Friday next. On Tuesday, the 21st inst., in addition to the time honoured cus tom of tossing the pancakes, the Sunday school children of St. Mary's Church will have their young hearts gladdened with " cakes and ale," or other comestibles, it being their annual pic-nic; but I trust no one will, be so rash as to send the Fat Man a basket or two of fruit for the young ster's delectation on the occasion. We are also promised a visit by that clever gentleman, Mr, McCabe, and the beltringers will no doubt be shortly tintinambulating, so thatputtting this and that together we have a tolerable good pro gramme before us. A certain individual who shall be nameless was complaining a few evenings since of having a * pain in the region generally spoken or as the " stomak." A pretty golden-haired rosy-lipped little cherub who was present remarked, " Oh ! you shouldn't say that; it's not proper." " In deed," was the reply, " what is the correct thing ?" " You should always say ' I've a pain under my periney !' " Fact. I've half a dozen lines to spare, and as a rule I do not like wasting good paper, although I have no doubt there are .many readers of the Watch who hold a different opinion. The mail is just closing, and I've only to remark, with regard to that old topic, the weather, "It's'ot." 