A: FASHIONABLE BRIDE. The time appointed for the marri≥ cere- mony in the church Was three o'clock in the afternoon. Borealis Bzown, the bridegroom, and Aurora White, tee bride, were In a close carriage ten blocks away at six minutes before three. ' ' We shall get there right on rime,' said he, looking at his watch. Now, it is dreadfully unfashionable to get to churoh promptly, and Aurora wonld have felt just like dropping through the floor, don't rime W ? if 8116 ha< np the aisle on v.ftlP0114 yu teint, my dear, it would be better to be ten minutes late?' said she. leaning against him in a kind of harmless hug. No; I pride myself on punctuality.' 'Five minutes, teen?' Now, my darling, don't coax.' 4 Just as you say. She put her hand carelessly on Iris shoulder, and then let it drop slowly along down over his coat to a small pocket set in at the waist seam, where it lingered for a few «www, 'You have the ring where yon can it readily ?' she remarked, laying placidly .back in her seat. 4 There is nothing so awkward as to fumble for a ring at tee altar, ybti know.' ij ' 've m®de sure on that point, .as I told you,' he said, confidently. 4 1 slipped the ring into this handy little pocket, where Z — good Lord in heaven !' 4 What, Borealis, what ?' 4 The ring is lost !' He thrust his fingers into the pocket madly, again and again, but the .ring surely was not there. He made wild conjecture, felt in all his other pockets, and concluded he must have left it at Aurora's residence. He nrflerpd the coachman to turn about. When they had gone almost back to the house, a public olock struck three. 1 What is that V said Aurora, pointing to the bottom of the carriage. B The ring lay glittering in a corner. 4I must have dropped it,' said Borealis; picking it up, 4 but I swear I looted in thai very spot two minutes ago.' He had locked there, as a matter of fact jnBt before Aurora threw the ring down. - 4 Well,' he remarked, looking at his watch again, 'you will have your way, after alL We can't get to the church before ten minuted late, anyhow.' 4 To be sure. Acute presence of mind is characteristic of brides. They may blush, but they know what they are about. Their eyes may be dim with tears, but they can see a misplaced in their dresses. Two Mocks from the church Aurora expressed a fear that she was as paid as a ghost. 4 Say as fair as alabaster, Handsome sags gested.' 4 Now, my de&r;,' she retorted, this IS no time for compliments. Is there tes Je&3i bit of colour m my face V 4 Well, no, but ' 4 1 must look ghastly.' | Would you like to blUBh as you go io ?' He threw Ms arms around her, drew her to his breast with the grip of a wrestler, and kissed her lond and long. He was through with it just as the carriage door was opened by an usher, and she walked into church with a satisfactory amount of nink on her cheeks. — Claba Bellb, 