COERESPOITBEifCE. 3,131. TRAILL AND BULGOBACK - SCHOOL ( To Hie Editor of Hie Otppsland JUercury ;. SIB,—Tour 'correspondent Mr Traill '5s 'as slippery as an: eel! For his own purposes and ^because ie.lmows:lns case cannot;-be;sustainedf by, ".'facts,??,about which he prates,-so glibly, ;he makes me assert,, what I. have nowhere as'-' serted, tliat there is a.pecumaryjsaving in opening the Bulgoback as a fnll Ume'scliool, "and' closing the :Watcrford'school;'• -What ^iiave: contended for .all along is that the Bducationi department is mom. than justified in haviugi closed the Waterford -sphool, assuming that Itwas satisfactorily shown, 'as Indeed it was, that •the average atfcendance on-school days *at that' school -did hot justify :the expense of Jkeepinfei it openi' - The Waterford schoolfthen.fhaving been closed, the wants .of the entire neighbour-. hood, formerly covered by- these two schools, ' it -was found, could be supphed by con-; stituting Bulgoback a full tune school and the department appears to have acted with commendable promptitude upon, the evidence thus.ohtained. .SfriTraill makesa boldiasser-ri tion relating to the.important statement.-as to school attendance,-which he well knows is not correct, and if the rest of his "much'boasted :?ifacts" ha^e no better foimdation than thisfte'; .mustnotbesurprisedtohavethemdemonstrated: , to be simply Actions. He says that-of his five children - atteudmg the Waterford school not one of-them missed a, single day's attendance" in six.months. :.T i assert,'and 'I'challenge Mr Traill to verify his denial from the school roll, that.they weretabsenthnanyjdays-ln the period named, -.looking • for horses- and roammg about; the bu6h. -Conscious of the weakness of hie case,- and of.•• the utter / rottenness of .his so-' -called facts—which Eomehov,- never do fit'- smoothly -into , palpable - fictions—Mr ; Traill msmuates tliat' I havei never -been 'to' school But then you see there are schools and . .schools. - .His idea flf au' eduea^ tional establishment is evidently; where everything is given away, and- as some bl his own "scholardsV would say, "there aint nothink to pay 1" Just so, what in the oia country is 'known, BS;A;:"super.'!.Eohool.- ifiutl pidked up my, "iedicaiion,"if ^tsoiily consisted•df±hethree JR's, , by paying for.. it ;in. the orthodox com of: the realm, and I 'can assure you j iMr Editor, I was not » less grateful recipient: 1 of-the knowledge thus gained-than my friend fSirho, it- appearSi:gotr,his.for;i»thingj'4tnd whOf Beems .to.-haTO: ajiprepiated ;'it,-accorduiglyj; .What a scholastic paradise 'that'-must have been - where "Mr Traill's -' young idea" was taught to spell JTAWBHT avith phonetic: accuracy^ without drawing upon' oni of 'tlie' ; ongmal; Setters "of-'that fc werd to-eK-; iress uts: meaning i - And' too the de-' cious ..sense , , of , UDtranmiel . . . - - freedom fexpenencea. by his, dorainies, "\vno 'never 'ad no ghost of no inspectre, 1 ' to -ask' them "hbw they did it'" I feel, Mi -Editor, that an apology is due to you' .'it tliis length.upon'yaui; -ividely . ... .usefMl-aoUTnalytandlhavea'-prS:; posal to make. Mr,Traill has had his -two -innings througn " The Mercury,' ana when this letter is published I shall h^ie had two also ; Jjet^heavriterjofthemejit.'^letter onStlnB-mibieiit 3 landhospital I will promise another on -presenting my reply,—Yours trnlv, < Bulgoback, 15 82. M ^ ' % PETER LOm -t r 