MINING NOTES. FROM OOR; SPECIAL REPORTERS,! SANDHURST. The mrkpt ha continued to sudor from the depression that has prevailed for the past few weeks, caused no doubt by a falling oS in the returns from several of the leading claims in which the sharos have latterly been extensively dealt in at high rates.. This check betokens a healthy spirit, as it shows that mining investor are really studying the real values of the mines, and are not to bo easily betrayed into miming up stock to fictitious prices, but ore willing to carry on the true business of mining on sound princi ples. The total returns of gold, viz., 5800 oz,, are I verysatisfactory, and are sent in from a large num- : bet- of claims. The dividends also are good, boing ' £8558 Is.. from seven different companies, Garden : Gully United, as usual, taking tho lend with a ! dividend of 2s., while the Belmont is reduced to Is. .Stoiksoii.tjie Johmon'sRcef havo received a good deal of attention in consequence of the discovery m&do; by the Johnson's Reof Company in tho crosscut from No. 1 shaft at 780 foot deep from tho surface. The rcof now found has not been scon boforo, but at the 6C0 feet level & crosscut west proved a large reef underlying west, bnt which was not found profitable, tho crosscut in which tho present discovery is mado was driven to test the reef at a lower lovel. At a distance of 150 feet from shaft This now reef, 3 to 4 feet thick underlying cast, was broken into and gold found in it. The stone is of a promising ap pearance, and the nature of the country such as would induce the belief that tho reef is perma nent. The company having crushing nppliancos convenient, the manager speedily obtained a trial crushing of 16 tons, including a quantity of mul lock which could not bo conveniently separated ; from which 6 oz. 16 dwt. of gold were obtaJned, this is very satisfactory, for tho readiness with which tho stono can bo broken will bo realised when it is known that this crwhing was com pleted within four days after tho first shot was put iuto tho reef. Levels arc boing ex tended along the rcof, and tho crosscut will bo continued to intersect tho western leg previously worked in tho level above, which it is expected will be cut in about 60 feet. Tho company is possessed of a largo srea of ground, which is generally looked upon as three blocks, although really they ure connected with leases upon the sido lines. Recent developments in the adjoining mines havo materially improved the prospective value of these areas, and itprovcBthe wisdom of securing and working ground included within any of tho three well known main lines of the district. The bearings of tho stono worked by the Confidence Extended traverse the ground, also those of tho Koso of Denmark and North Johnson, those two claims being almost enclosed by tho Johnson's Reof Company. The shares in tho company are prin cipally in tho bands of largo holders, who hold them as a permanent investment, conse quently but fow shares cbnngo hands. Unitod Johnson is a claim adjoining tho above on the south, tho shaft of tho Johnson's Reef Company being near tho southern boundary of tbeir claim. Tho recont improvement materially improves tho value of Ibis company, who havo 150 yards on the lino of reef, and, therefore, tho rise in tho price of these shares is quite justified, and would be much greater, only for the fact that tho shaft is only 500 feet deep, and the only machinery is a whim, notwithstanding that tho ground at tho shallower levels was some of tho richest in the dis trict, yielding as much as 500 oz. of gold from a ton, and, in one instance, 530 oz. of gold from half a ton of quartz. Some enterprise and energy will, doubtless, be infused into the company by tho new blood who have purchased into it latoly, and it is really time. The report for tho Inst fortnight shows a progress of 4 feet 1 If this company can make arrangements with tho John son's to work from the shaft and levels of the latter, it will be of great advantage. South Johnson's is a claim of 23 yards next south, which ought to be amalgamated with one of its neigh bors, for it cannot bo expected that at tuo depths to which mining has now reached claims of this size can bo worked advanta geously; a great number of shares in this com pany changed hands during the past week. Confi dence Extondcd, situateu to the south, havo bcon for some time past working a largo reef very profitably, but aro not qaito so prosperous at present, tho rotorus having lately deereasod. To the sonth of this company is theGontral Windmill-hill, wbooxpccbto cat the stone lately worked in tho Confidence. Going north from tho Johnson's are the North Johnson's and Rose of Denmark Company, both of which havo 6ont increased returns, and each declared a dividend of 6d. The gold is obtained from spurs to the west of any provious workings in the neighborhood, at tho comparatively shallow depth of 300 feet. Tho chances missed sometimes in mining are ex emplified by the fact that a party of tributers in tho North Johnson's ground drove through the ground now provod so rich, but in consequence of boing a few feet too shallow, failed to unearth tho hidden treasure. The Princess Dagmar continue to send in payable returns, and Johnson and Webster's, working from Dagmar shaft, are stoping ovor tho north level, but aro not putting much ouorgy into the work, as tbey aro wcokiy expecting a largo national compressor, capable of working 12 rock drills, without tho uso of which the manager considers it useless to attempt tho profitable working of this ground, it being so. very hard. Further north is the Macduff and Macbeth, tho former having stripped tho reef for a length of 84 feet, and put up a rise of 6 feet sinoe tho crushing was completed. As the reef has not been broken down, no change can bo reported. It will bo observed that these claims, all situate on tho Johnson's lino, aro working on distinct bodies of stone, each of which may 3rct be found to tra verse nearly tho whole of tho claims, and this shows tbo benefit tho district is now de riving from the prospecting engaged in, somewhat hopelessly in somo instances, some time back, and must encourage others still occupied in .. this woarieome manner. Oathorino Reef United crushed 8(> loads, yielding ' 26 oz. 19 dwt. of gold, taken from several parts of j tho raino (30 loads only boing from tho winze), j but a much better yiold may bo oxpectcd 1 when the workings from the northern shaft j and intermediate level arc opened out. La Belle 1 stone is Bomowbat better. Belmont south winzo is in good stono for 37 feet deep, yet n<5 fresh dis covery bas been made in bottom Ipvel. The re- i turn is smaller than for somo timo past, yet very ; good, Ellenboroogh experience difficulty in : raising the quantity of stono thoy havo beon ac customed to. No change in the claims to the south until South St. Mungo is reached, where the Devonshire roef has beon found in n western crosscut. The reef is & solid large body, having mnndioand galena near tho eastern face, bat no gold yet seen in it. Phamix winding plant is completed. Princess Alexandra have struck somo spurs, the value of which is not yet known. The claims southaromakinggood progress with various progressive works without any specialitem to re port. On thoNewChum line some speculation took place in tbeNewChnmand Victoria and North Old Chum, on thefctrength of the prospectsin Lanscll's 180 claim, tho truo position of affairs being kopb from the public, and the opinions hazurdod being very contradictory. New Chum Consolidated in rising on the Young Chum Reof bas foand it to widen out rapidly, bnt very little, if nny, gold yet seen in it. New Chum Unitod havo a bettor re turn from tho stopos ; rising on the western leg have come to tho saddle, 6omo nice gold seen in it. Ellcsinero is not fulfilling thesangnine ex pectations entertained a month or six weeks back. Notwithstanding the good return of amal gam reported from Garibaldi, shares coutinuo weak ; from the account of the mine given below shareholders can form tbeir own conclusions. North Shenandoah continues to look well and 6end in good returns. Shenandoah is looking hotter, and oxpectcd to improve considerably shortly. Red, White and Bluo are crosscutting for the reef at 400 feot, and are anxiously watched, tho line having boon idle for many years. In Golden Gaily, the Napoleon United is the only company sending in respectable returns, although a number ot others are busily engaged , searching for tho precious metal. Much dissatisfaction is expressed hero, and severe comment made on the action of the Go vernment in issuing a regulation prohibiting tho importation and storage of dynamite and felatine, practically giving a monopoly to the lelbourno manufacturer. Many mining man agers assert that the imported article is Getter, and that the fumes are less injurious than the local manufacture ; the for mor has been usod bore extensively forthe last ten years, and no accident but snob as would hnppen to other explosives has occurred from its storage. It is used in India and Queensland, both hotter climetes than ours ; doubtless proper precautions should bo in sisted on, but it seems behind the spirit of the ago that we should prohibit tho introduction or use of a valuable commodity because some intel ligence is required in tho handling and treat ment thereof. The Minister of Mines is aware of the immenso value of these powerful explosives in working tho very hard ground met with in most of oar deep levels, and will, doubtless, see cause to withdraw the regulation, when the matter is brought under his notice. BALLARAT. Tho notablo market events of the week have been the general advance in the best dividend stocks of the Kingston-Hepburn series, tbo rise in Band anil Albion Consols, and tbo fall in Aus tralasian. It is not a wildly presumptive conclu sion that an explanatory biut may be found in tho return of yields, and on referring to that return it will bo seen that tho Australasian yield is below, and all tho others above, the lovel of the preceding week. Tho bettor yield in Band Consols hardly accounts for tho rise in value, especially after the official report of "No change in any part of tho mine," but it is understood that the stopes look fairly weU and that reducing operations are likely to proceed regularly. A similar knowlcdgo, and with expectations of further discoveries on the Sister Rose lode, has kept the Egerton shares firm for a portion of the recent advanco in that stock. There is no new development to report yet from that mine, but any day may land thc( miner on the expected stone now tho work is so far on. Tho Black Horse yield has improved a little, and with that tbo value of the stock, but tbero is not much in terest in it just now. Ou the Sebastopol plateau there has been an improvement in the New Burra No. 2 level, where the stone shows gold und promises fairly, but the value of tho lodo I can only be determined by further opera- I tions. -There has been a Blight rise' in tho stock. Smith's United has advanced, as the battery is Hearing completion, and although one or twp calls may yet be necessary there is a confi dent feeling that tho stone exposed will justify tbo increased rates. Good progress bus been made in j mostof tho progreasivemiues oniheiine. The East | Kohino.or continues in strata dipping east, and I cutting small veir.8 of stone. The New Band of | Dope and Albion Consols sank through mundic vein and a flat leader during the week, and tho country is regarded as very promising. On the I eastern side of the Yarrowco there has been im provement iu the North Queen and in tho Black- hill returns, but theso are Blocks seldom men tioned in, the market, though the Black-hill is one of tho oldest of the mining ventures in Bal larat. All the shares are well held, im'j they seem to be regarded as investment stock not to f bo bandied about on Change. Ballarat East mining Is looking up certainly, for besides the better yields in the two mines in question, the Last Chance in Specimen Gully is better, and the tributers have been able to pay a dividend. Tho starting of the machinery of tho Mclboarne Com pany at Pennyweight is also a notable fact in Ballarat East mining. The com pany has 100 acres on tho run of the old Eureka lead and its tributaries, and is also on the strike of tho Yorkshire and other bars of tbo Ballarat East half of tho quartz gridiron. Tho Yorkshire lode, turther north by the Black Hill, , used to pay well in patches, as much as 2 oz. to the ton having beon crushed, but the bulk of tho stono opened was comparatively poor. However, j thcriodo h;is neveryot noen properly worked, and i there are makes of stone cast of that lode (and from which rich specimens wero obtained) that have never been worked at all, thoush their ex- j istenco has been known for the last quarter cen- : tury. Tbo Melbourne Company will work, by j self or tributers, both tho quart3 and alluvial i within tho area, and there is no reasonable j ground to doubt of success if tho operations are j economically conducted. The City of Ballarat | Company, on the western edge of Ballarat, is now I o'cupying raoro and more attention, now that | the works bolow aro known to be in tbo vicinity | of the old workings, which may, in fact, bo j broken into any hour. This progress in tho He- I velopment of tho mine has led to operations on I the stock during the last few woeks, and ovcry- j thing about tho mine is now eagerly looked after. The company, like "single-speech fTamilton," is famous for one thing. It paid a solitary first and hitherto last dividend some ten or a dozen years ago from gold won in tho Lady of tho Lake tributary gutter, which came from the south east into tho main Durham gutter. Tho junction of tho two gutters was underneath Lake Wcndourco, and about midway between tho ohl Durham shaft, and tho last face of the old workings into which tho workings from tho now shaft are expected to break almost daily if not hourly. At the junction tho main guttct- was deflected north-west till anotbor tributary was struck whero the main lead bent first south, and then resumed its general wosterly course, and 600 or 700 feet onwards another or No. 3 gutter wasstruck. Before that tbefourth basaltic rock came in, and tbo main gutter dipped and broadened till at tbo old face it was 150 feet wide. There was a horse track up to where level was lost by the rapid dip of the gutter, but then men had to do tbo hauling from tho face, and that didn't pay, so tho losing of level made tho new shaft indispensable. That shaft is 2000 feet west of tbo old faco ; it landed on a seven feet dip, and wash was found 120 feet south of tho shaft, and the shaft was swamped. Then tho shaft waa sunk to its present depth of 560 feet and a level opened cast for tho old workings, it boing known that tho deepest ground yot struck lay south of tho shaft, and that more than one-third of a milo of guttor lay betweon that ground and tho old face, to say nothing of unknown tributaries. After driving about 700 feet a rise was put up 35 feet, water was struck and the works swamped. Tho works wore drained and two cross drives put in on tho wash struck in this rise, but the ground did not pay. A main drivo was then carried in east from tho top of tho rise for say 900 feet, when bores were put up showing wash overhead. Another rise, called No. 1, was then put about 20 feot, and another easterly drivo opened whioh struck golden wash in what appeared to be a tributary, bnt this was not followed, as tho company desired to carry on tho drivo at tho intermediate level, and that drive is still boing pushed on. After pushing it 400 or 500 feet further a boro was put up 40 feet, landing in a dry clayey wash which was worked for a little time but did not yield much. Tho main was extended and another rise (No. 3) put up 42 feet and opened up east in a wash moro clayey, and with but little gold. As this drive pro- fresscs a stronger wash is making, and cross- rives in 21 feet h&ve; not shown any sign of rising ground. Water in the face Bmells strong, and this is regarded as an indication of the proximity of the old workings, and tho breaking into the old face is daily looked for, when tho company may be expected to leap at onco into fame again. Its mombcrs have never lost faith, and it is a suggostivo fact that not a share has been forfeited sinco tho formation of the new company now over a dccado ago. When tho old workings wcro loft for the new shaft, the Durham gutter was paying well. From 20 machines 176 oz. wero washed, or 8 oz. 16 dwt. per machine — a yield which "with tho ample puddling power at tbo company's command will enable tho Oily to tako rank with tho Kingston alluvial outputs. The Dowling Forest Estate Company is likoly to make wb&t; somo people hero think would be iho tnistako of sinking a shaft at onco upon tho deep ground shown by tho recent boro of tho diamond urill. Those wbo think such a work now would be a blunder think soon tho ground that it would bo wiser to prove tho ground rnoro thoroughly by the drill before going to the expouse of a shaft, If drills should show wide reaches of deep ground tho public would bo more inclined lo invest nB sub-tenants and separate companies, whilst if tho drills bo pnt aside the company at once seems to hazard everything upon tho chances of the shaft, which may not bo a success. Tho Skipton Coal Mining Company is started to test the country for coal where some samples of coal have been | struck. It is purely a prospocting venture, and | I hear that several q£ tho land owners in the ! locality havo taken or aro engaged to tako ' shares. There is no doubt that coal oxists thcro, ; but there is a necessity of establishing from further prospecting operations whctheror not tho formation is commercially valuable. If it bo, the company's fortuno is mnde. Sraytbcs- dale way there is a stoppage. After a long lifo the No. 1 Racecourse Company, Haddon, has given ! up the ghost. The mine is worked out and is about 1 to be abandoned. In tho Croswick division pro gressive works aro kept going busily. Austra lasian Consols machinery fast erecting. Austra lasian Extendod shaft down 309 feet ; water no heavier to speak of. Berry Consols : Shaft 142 feet ; drill over 49 feet in vory hard rook. Berry Consols Extended :1)rill through fifth rock at 377 feet into stiff clay. Captain Hepburn : Fifth boro 121 feet in hard rock. Coopor's Ueof : Drive in 160 feet. Curran's : 400 feet level 19 feet and 500 feet level 20 feet farther, the latter showing favor- able change of country. Clover-hill : Drill to bo removed to 650 feet east of No. 6 boro. Davies's Junction : Boro struck wash 39 feet above north drivo, passing through quartz and soft roef ; south level in 664 feot. Gladstone : Fourth boro bottomed at330 feet on coarse gravel, showinggood dip from third boro at 290 feet ; fifth bore to bo 520 foot west of fourth. Hepburn Consols : Main drive going through whito slate and quartz veins ; total distance in, 254 feet. Hepburn Nos. 2 and 3 : Shalt down 226 feot, with signs of change in country ; pump-lift getting into position. Hep- burn No. 1: Struck second rock; shaft down 233 feet. Hepburn Leasehold ; Fourth boro down 110 feet, and in second rock. Lord Harry: Drivo in 92 feet. Long Point : West drivo in 75 feot, with wash dipped to floor of drivo ; cages to be got on forthwith. North Australasian: Ready for sinking again. Pomeroy : Shaft skidded ; main lovel in 34 feot in blasting country. Smoaton : Shaft down 303 feot in slato and sand- Btono, with moro water : puddlers erecting. Smeaton Resorve United : Shaft down 55£ feet, and surfaco works well on. South Dyke's: Drivo in 51 feet ; water heavy. South Loughlin's : Second bore bottomed at S4 feet ; third to bo started forthwith. 