S lovelflt. ' GR.IT.T A Story of toe Fan(ieerd Prosont; of Ordi. nary mn nd o rdinary things, in Orat anry launguag.e, BY DONALD CAMERON. .illon 0or ".1 Ti?illFO woi Trir siinrOTI," "Oii\VSincAerrrnwir i" eDm'. Be sure thy'ole will find thoe out." ,( I ' , ,. :,, ' .- , It ls Ibeautiful belef: : That cver round our Iend ., .Are boverllg on aiogel wl g , The spirits of the dead. CHAPTER V..-(cor ) .")" "Then you won't do it again," snid Jack; and lih let out his:'fist, ngid, with 'one blow, considerably dnmiged Obndiah's long inncti. mnonious 'nose: Another hit decidedly inter. fered with Obadih'ei optical powers.' That wortly did not make much of'an attempt to rejoin; i he did wildly flourish his hands in a clawing fashlionuat first, bult' the' second blow made him think a masterly retreat'cxpcdient, and away he ran, with Spot at hiis heels. Therewpps a little puddle a bit ahead, and into this, in hiis blind fright, Ohbadiah fell, umerging covered with mud. But Ilis terror would not allow him to stop, and away he scudded,.whilt J.Tack and Bartha fairly laughed unitil the tears ran from their eyes,' P'erhalps had they seen Obadiah's evil face when he was iv safe distance off, they might havo::felt inclined to fear instead of laughing. Bertha explained, to Jack- that shi had come out to bring home the two goats her mother kept wlen thliostorm began to gather, anl that she hall met with Obadinh, who had began to.tcanse her, and tried to snatch a kiss. Jack helped llerthl home with' thp goata, whichl was an easy matter, ais Spot and Lassy took charge of them, glad of once more haviing blihrg of 'sdmething, although. Lassy wns a little jealous of Spot, and .showed her teeth'once 'or twice whien, lie dcanmo too Sight" had gathlred when they .got to Bectha'B place, and already drops, forerunners of' the great atorm, ,bigan '.to. fall.,. Jack hurried holme. It was all in dirknes.. lie found his niotlier. lying on. the bed, moaning. When he came up, she folded him to her breast,'nnd blegan to weep bitterly., "Jnack, dear Jnak,'" she said plaintively; "ho's been home andcbeat.me. I went to take hin? away from 'the Iiccting, ani ;hoe was cross. 'But I wans wrenly at the tite. 'You know, Jack." You g kow I Pooi Janoet, what, meaning die tlr'w' into these siirple words. Jack's heart beat fast, and the blood of ecrly manhood riushed ,through. his veins. IHe alnoat felt Istrbng eiiugh,to p?nish thd mnn' wli' had danidil: to rise his hdaud to his mother. Whaet if she had erred, ia shie oiot his motlher? Tears, indliginant. team, came into his' eyes, andlho wepit bitterly. "God bless you, Janik; God bless you," snid thie ,poor ?woman.,' "Oh I how. I hanv gone?atiray-lhow I have gono astray I Wasn this wliat my mdtlier taught ime,, Jack? So, no, no.'!" , Anl snd' monri?d in it manair that went straight to the boy's heart. lIe grieved to sea her tako on so. "Cheer up, dear nioether;, cheer .up,I"' ho slid. '" I'm strong enough now, nad .I'll work for you very. harduand you cn ileave that mian." SBut alia hook her heed, and moaned. The thunder now e beganii: to ' roar, the lightnln'g to tear ncross thu, gloomy heacvens nnd the wind to moan around the dwellilig. Then came the delige, of rain, pouring down s it from an ocean overheuad.', And in that terrible storm "thei niother and. son sat togetlher. At lasnt ' hlill came.n , Jack otoeppld to the door; and , looked out.'. Tlhe clouds, were scadding away, atid here and'there iiatchecs o Idlu sky were to be seen. Thed moon, which was in her last 'quarter, occasionally peeped ot. to reveal a sodden world, nnd a .great Iood of yellow ivaters mtiibling ,dowai Gitty Gully, overturnmi ing its' wrath all that mian Ilad dono there, ' . • ' " I'll go out, niothlier"'sald Jack.' , I Iwant to see what 'danageo 'to flood's doneo.. Looak at all theli en gathered about to snve their ellims. It's very exciting." , S"Jack" said poor Janiet, 'foargie ,your ooeer mother foi slinat sho's donr. I 4avo cen so bad, d bad. Good Lordd look downu \- from 'h liven and_, pity me. 01, ciiother, inbtetlfi'r'if you s iaw n neow ', : . _ " Doi't tako on so; dear mother," said Jack. "I'll be b'uk coon.' S'If you iiber" ?ee nio iagain, doi t forgot eour nimotlir,"' naid Janct..', Jock, itf I die, I will come back and shatch over you. I have nlet done what is right, and I. mustn watch over yoli, dear Jalik. '. .' "Don't talk of dying, .'dear mother," said the boy. "All wY'ill be right in time." i , .y tile p lfght .f tho niooneJack scaw ils motlher's 'face. It] wn ghbntly, drawn in. witlh mental agnyi and the large cyca were very nioiriful. Iae felt lhis heaIrt breaking. " Sheb kised him .passiocately, and, foldcd llim t9 her breast. 'Thhu Jack went out.:,i., . Ilo never 'aw liore'lieo nag.in. CHAPTER 'VI. ' " Ilow glad Jack :felt when he got out' into lid freshened air. Youth is always buoyant ind desires to shako off nelancholy feelings. Jack did feel troubled about hbi mother; but thln he had been accustomed to these scones, and lhe felt sure that it would all blow over nal usual. Still the terrible face lie had just seen haunted his mind, and arose every now and then like a spectr.from the, dead., The llo an butd utli auid Jnck, however, soon dissipateld ali oeehitltoughts., '' Melon hurried too and fro,' in' Gritty Gully, Strying to ascertain thelo danage lonoa bythi waters 'sciclh still tumbleul 'lown, fannling' iil ronrieg.' 'Tlioou wlihid i d'ehluua ie 'the lied of the crcek looked lpnrtionlnrly ruelul' hut. tihe o.oueerality o_ the...dlggerawero heartily glad, for ther ovbuld b?.dllesty of Swater to wash the dirt?,'They were all agreed onone tlhing-tlhat the ovent should be ccle brated with s6om liquor. .Tlhoso whosea claimd )had:'.beif"i: swamped, declared thoy hnusit hava'e noniltliiig to raisl their spirits; while those who had dry claims, and looked forward to being able to rapidly reduce their heaps: of washdirt to piles of gold dust," shouted" energetically, Therefooe, the, landlords reaped' quite a.'harvest. -The' .principal streetwas eawamped in wator, it is truo;, but, since thero were s maninny- poople ready I to .keep it out by imbibing. brandy, .what about t hat?. So all the hotals'"6moained open, displaying as much, light as they possibly could-in those godless, Ioroseneless days. 'There was some law that hotels shoueld be closed at a reasonable hour; but, as nll the available .constabulary weroe lying: in the back .parlor of .the?o Garryowon' Hotel-(a weatherboard' and 'tin structure, thouight quite a: palace), ohnausted after their doy's labour--a mild:way of putting 'it-and the comlmissionr and somo confrores wre playing cuchro:'in the soleeatliarlor-thero was no one to poe' tl 'lhw pelt in force.' Jack, after -paddlhffga unbth, ilfd:h .watcr livith~ ir,"theO excitement a youth feels'hncn rmylthing fresh turnes up, thought'ho nould loolek in at the Garryowen, to seeo. wht fun 'was going on. Tlho. bar :was crowded; and behind -it stood the landlord, Mick Ryan, and his hlandmaiden, 'Prudence,.'amilinigl .of a courose. '.A trcmor went through Jack' framea as lie' noticdd that Hector stood in front of the bar, talking to her. 'How sweetccly she spoke to him, and whatra alave 'to her he appeared' to be. 'Jack's. fists rbegan to clench, and he felt an if he could go up to Hector and fell him to the ground.-. -Jnack noticed that his father cime up to to Hector, and began to hold animated con versation :with' him.' Presently Dunakum jumped 'on to a form. Instantly the crowd left off drinking, dtalling, and smoking. H:'. Miners of Grit," cried Bunakum, "the timie has come .and the man. Let us' all adjourn to the largo room, and hold a public meeting, at which [measures will bho' pro ponderated; to.you ' for the redress' of your griovances. Coma I miners of Grit, come 1". A stampede at once took fllace, and, 'of course, Jack, was not to .be left behind. llefore many minutes an impromtic platform had been got up at the end of the largo room, and a' table fixed, whereon' sas a deeanter of lbrandy and a bottle of water. Mr. White, ]ortha's father, took the chair, and, after a few, reimarks, introduced their old -and esteemed friend, Mr. Bunaknm. (Cheers.) Surveying the strange assemblage, Buna kuum tlreww"himself into an atlitudo,, and delivered tllhe following oration--pausing fre quently to hIavo asip,.forgetting always to have anything to do with the water-bottla: "inors of . Grit," said i h, "the lhonet, hard-working worm will walk in the dust, attending.to its duties, and for a time heed not the tramping of: the proud oppressor, that spurns it with:;his foot. . But only for a time'" (a nip). " Only for a time. Thcn it will turn and sting; and. the tyrant will be laid low.': (Great cheers.) "Hiners of Grit, you are-the worm, the proud tyrant the cocmmis sioner." (Imnmesue applause.. Several chairs smashed.) " For months he has been tramp lug upon"you,'extorting from you license-fees. For what?, To save you from the flood? " To' cover you from the surr? ' To protect you from rapacity? Not To :dino 'luxuriously every day in his cool arbor, on the hill." " (Terrific applause.) "But the worm will tuan, and the tine, has' come.:, Ho, saw the clouds and the rain!coming; but, did hosave your'property ? -Notl" (D)eafoning cheeor.): ." Ho allowed thlo hard work of' months' to be swept away like the. dust off his well' polished boots. Who uses a toothbrush?' Who wears a stove- pipe lat,:and a boiled shirt ?!' (Cheora and counter cheers.) "You, whle have lived on the Pacific Slope,-in the 'great land of' California; will you stand, it ?.i Nol , Nero, gentlemen, fiddled when home was burning. The coin missioner played a'uclhre?whilo Gritty. Gully was, destroying our work." . (ie, laid great emphasis on, our, as; if -i. weore the hardest workerthere.). "You will cry, 'Lead us' to death anm rietory I' 'How, gentlemen ? 'You nmustibo cautious low you proceed. You have na.:,ubtllI cacemyy. I nwill itcllyou how to meet the foe." (A long draught.) "' Establish a paper." (Chqrs, counter cheers, and frantic destruction of furniture.,, 'The speaker could not proceed for ten minutes. Cries of "That's the idea," te., d&o.; resounding throtigh the roomn.) " Establish a paper.. Subscribe, sub scribei I A powerfulhpea is at your disposal. Hector MHciania"--(Tremendous cheering) " is known'toyouy all. His n.o in the great Melbourno journal i has often done you good service. .(Give it anchance in'a localpaper." (FIrantioapplauee.) -' My lhumble solf"-(great cheering)-" will help: to ino make the Gritt Gully Traspetrespected throlgou t thoe land." (Cheers, and somue' Ohs 1l) . " I;move that a journal, to be called tlehorilty Gully Tul'nmpet, be at once established; Mr. Maoinnis being editor, and myself manager." ' Bunnakum s now sat down amidst thunders of applause. Several entlhusiastio admirers at once rushed to him withlbrandy bottles. ' HAMr; Obadiah Swcelcomfort, son., rose to second the motion; and it was put and carried ner. con., amidst cheier and reiterated cheeirs; with groans for the coummissioner, and cries of "Lynch hllu I".. Whereupon several Cali-. fornians at once drew their bowie-knives. :. uncnktum jumipcd.np, however, at once, and cried out, "Down litlll the dust, gentle men I Give us life at once.. I have given £10 myself "-(ivhbnesa cans.. the £10 ?),-" Mr. White, £10, and Mr. ?wceetcomfort, £10. Subscribe .I And they did. Onei after the- olther went up to 'the ilatfoirm, and,: era tho.e, vote of thanks to tile chairman was passed, £500 had.been ,collected' by; Dunaluum. Ilector Macinnis? liowovols ,- knowing : where : the money would. go itin that worthy's hands, quietly took it as treasurer' 'Little' did the. imen who, at thie bidding ' of l fDunalunm, founded that journal that oveaing,; guess the great result that would aueruo-tholights oand shadows it would cause I" " The meeting over, there waso oncositore a rusht to ilih' bar.? Jack saw that Hector at once mado" up 'to Prudenc' and' ,thlat,shel neglected' the' thirsty customers to listen to him.: "Prddnce, deari, P idece," Jack . heard him' say, amidst thie dii, ." Icant now able to otffer yot' a home. Be miine, dearest--mine for over." ' She blusheed, and allos'edtlehim'td toke her hand. " She will not be iii tild'ajy," Jack heard her sa y .. ' ,. , Hoew the boy'g bloodboilted 'o luHe viowho was referred to. Thei agonised faes ho had seen so lately haunted liim again.... : "Nd, no ;" replioedAIctbr; " "I have done withI hier for ver., Never speak .of' her again. ' ' ' ' CAlPmTER VII. Jack rushod out of tlihe hlotel. loe weould taind no moi of this. With ]his blood at fever heat, hie slashed away up and down the townelip, iheedless of' where lhe was going, trying to clni Isle mlnd. Whalmt could he, a cere boy, do? tGradually the diggers becamo quiet. Tile men who were able to get to their tants stlaggered 'thither throughi mud and mire, tolllng about the now papor; while thlose who had fallen in the battle, elumbered in-the wot bars, gatlihering rheimnatisnm wheroveith to be tormented hereafter. r .. The flecoy clouds were sotiring along, per mIitlting.glimpsoes of a sky; clear and blue as lal?s lafusli, and spoltled with 'stare, like the iiantte of 'n'great Iking: nhoeath; the wsaters were rushing acd roaring, buit 'gradually sub. ,siding. Jack walked up and downi by the sidoe,. of tlhe creok,watchling,with theo pleasure a boy ' .over derives fron such a sight, the play'of the 'I ourrent as it swept by. 'He had gottowhere a a little bridge had ben'erected, lwhen he heard 'J a' sort of stifled cry, and, in a second, a dark. I bbdy floated by him in the water. Jack was' a, splondid swimmer, and hoe at onco:jumped, t in to save the drowning person. 'He found the stream very strong, but, carefully striking I out with it, ha was soon. able to reach the' a drowning man, vwho was wildly clutching at, . the sticks that wore careering on the water, I and 'eaught him by the hair. The drowningi .0 sman, however, made wild attempts to catch i hold of Jack; and it'needed all the latter's I ingenuity to prevent this, or, of. course, it , would have scaled the doom of both."' Getting f into a by current, Jack manageil to reach the ' boat., When he hauled his, flotsam'on'tlho' bank hoe discovered he had saved.nonaeother than his own father-the great Bunakum. I Not niuch danmago had.,been .ddnone, .as the' t clothes 0o each had rather beoncittod by im- t mersion. ' . . ' '' ": ' "Yes, 'it's me," said Bunakum, disgorging soma water, ahn indulging in a general shake. I "I. was crossing: tle bridge when it broke t down. ,The commnissioner, knowing Iwan, I .going to cross, no doubts had it sawn in two." I !' Niow, tell the trothi," said Jack. " Wasn't s you gone?" t "No, Jnck," replied Bunakum. _ "Nothing: F crossed my.lips this day, except a drdp of I brandy I took when I was speaking at the t Garryowoen. Jack you've saved your father, t and I'll do great things for you. I'm to be o manager of the new paper, my boy." ' "And,. general rum drinker," said Jack, very undutifully. "But, look hqro, old man, 1 don't you talk to me. I'm almost sorry I' dragged you out. It was clear waste of time. I believe such as you are better out of the world. Look hero l What have you done to a my mothor?" Q "Whathassahe done to m??' said annakum, a "After I'd kept her decently for years, didn't a she-" ' "'Shut:.upl' cried Jack, in a voice that t struck, terror into the soul .of Bunakum. a "Haven't you'ruined her? Sile, who ept your ' worthless life together; who was so good arid patient. She, who was an angel to boits of us.' She would have starved for you. And I, lazy hulk that I anl, I oven lived on her earnings. s 01h I feel as if I could jump into the gully and drown myself, when I think of it..' But, r I'll be different after this. I'll keep her com fortable. Aitd don't you hllow your, ugly face I round, nor come palavering about. I'm: ashamed to think you're 'my father. And, when such*as moe's ashamed, things are very. crooked. Clear out." And Jack walked away, his heart filled withI t loathling. . "Don't'go like that, Jack?" said Bunns.' I hum, in a whininig tone. "Don't leave your '1 poor father shivering here. You haven't half-. I a-crown about you? I'm dying for something t to stop the thirst." : ' I :'Plonty of water in the creek," retorted Jack, without looking round. "You'd better look after your motllher,' said Bunakum,owith assner. "If sho carries on the way she is going, Hector Macinnis 'Il settle her, my fine boy." !' Ho had better leave her alone," said Jack, shutting his teeth firmly. . " Wiat an undutiful child," said Bunakum; ' to leave me, as is his own father- me, as reared him and worked for him i" ".!'.What are you doing there, old blowhlard?:' said a voico; -and 'Iunhuma-behlld done of his confreres. "Dying," solemnly replied the veteran. "Dying. And my own son wouldn't bury me, nor revenge my death on the fell tyrant who caused the bridge to be broken." '.",Dyin' isn't pleasant just now," said the 1 digger. "lHadn't you better get up and have as nip?" S"Thank you, kiid friend,"' said Bunakum, gelting up with considerable alacrity.' Itoepro. sentativo -of the ienerous men of Grit, you haven't, any small change about you?- I must get now clothes." "I have nothing smaller than a sovereign." \- "That will do," said Bunakum, pocketing the ocoin. ."I'll pay you back in thlomnorning." And the two made off to the nearest hotel. Jack had dragged Dunakum out on the main street, so tlhat he was separated 'front his home. rBut he did not cam for that; lie did not desire to go home that night. HeI would return when the bright sun of another day had risen in the heavens, and his mother woulds have recovered. Then all would be well. He began to settle il his mind how to act in future. He would take up a claim withl one of his males, make money, would have a nice place for his mother, and no doubt, a fortune in time. Theni hIo would'go down nand live in Melbourne, and become a great gentll man. Hle would triumpll overyoung Obadiah, Sweetomnfort, and break his head at parting. Wouldn't lie astosish all his acquainlances, and make them respect his. otlclr. And, perhaps he would ask Dertha to become his wife; although at the time, Jack had no very clear ideas as to what getting married entailed. At all oveots, ihe wauld not quarrel with her; \--they would live a happy life. ' I Poor drr ilremer I Little can'st thou foresee wBat' the futurm thou thinkest so pleasant will be. But do we not all dream, as Jack did? And.is it not well that we shohld ? Is it not a mrcy that.the dark clouds of. thie future are hidden from view by a silver veil of our own weaving? " Slow pass our days In clildlhood. And the uIsui' of light son lnsg I lletwiat the morn and eve. With swifter lapse Thmy glide ill 'onlaloods sidl i, agoe tlhely ly Till dlays ,nl senasols flit befiore thie ual,', As flit thI snuollniea ill a wintler's stoani cesi ratiher lthan dsiittislslhld." ' ' '" -Eternal love loth keep n Iris complaeent arms, the earth, the air, the deep." OIIHAP'TEIR VIII. : Jack, journeyed on to hislfavourilthill of Grita There he gazed upon the panorama that a the moon rvealcd--the lights and shadows-and heard the distant sound' of rushing waters. Young as he was,' came the reemberance of a. faow 'years back,', when this place was all in solitude-when a forest covered the hills of Grit, and the only living beings were Bertha and himself, and their dogs and flocks of' sheop. What chainge would he see here in another few years ? 'H was too. uneducated to apply tihe words of 'Bryant to the scone "The clmlds . Sweep over with the slhadows, and beneath Tho suirfaeO rolls and flsucttlses to the oyo. Dark hollows seen to glide along and chase The moonlit ridges." Sitting gain beneath his favorito tree, Jack began wenaing dreams of, t'he future. Gradually the scene began to fade. His eyes closed in sleep, and, leaning against the tree, ieo slumbered peacefully, notwithstanding his wt otthes, Dlessid sleepl Thou com'st anbidden to thla young, but flee'st from tihe agedl and caree'orn, though wooed aon beds of down I Bleeping peacefully, in the slhadow of the tree., unconscious of pain and porrow, Jack heeded not tie change thiat case over nature. The cloads passed away, and' the moon aliono bright and clear in the intensely blue sky. l'Peace fell 'where' therm Iad been sucl wild comn otion--psc 'liks that of elornity I This oleep at first was a perfect blank. No images flitted aerosa his lbrain. 'But gradually thlero appeared as if thlere woar an intenasely blnck veil in front'of him', whlaih was lifted isow ad tidllesi roevealing lsis motller's agony. stricken, naeo. :Thesi thie sells was slowly ltlftedi tho sad'face failed away, aild thi' land. sacoperemmined just as it was' re the gbreat 'fiood of' 'humanity had changd its- fair 'features.'; His flock was 'feeding' by hisido,. I and. Siotl'snapping!at thetlle' l'os of old t There was no sun, however; 'only'a golden' i light' appearedl: to come from the east: ; Was I lit. dawn ?, It must be.', Dawn: ever"was of I 'that delicious, glorious, golden tint,,',:!" In oxpectancy he looked towards tho east, and Iis glanco was rewarded by to appearance la I a beautifult face-from, wlhence dine'tlie I golden anreola. . Bright ainbor hair fell doai I from the fast emerging head like the glory I a.round a saint.; Slowly the flguro'roeso'untit it assumed the form of a beautiful female, clad in, gossamer gold, with pearls and'diamonds I sparkling like stars in her vesture. Thori the figure glided to his eide, and, hovering near; thim, miled sweetly. i W ilho was thisnbeautiful, but awful being?' He had never seen aught human: tihat resembled her.l Bertha was beautiful, 'but' this being was too spirituelle toboe of this I this world. Ho felt awao?tric'ken'in i er pro-I i sense.''fe~isstjianot b mlofoth6.sogsls hlla, ho.itt pdslke toohls ""a. oShe 'peko not, but..lightlj.'lchedthe ground bneath his feet.' It: sluly opsued until a gidat lssure, extending, it seemed to' him, for ,miles, resulted. Then lhe saw tlit'hat in the centre of 'this there was a will of hivte' rock'. Ie hald. secii' nasubstance like it,'and' remembered the.miners called it quartiz. The strange being touched it, and at, once there. issued fromntit streans oitgolde'light. By; that light hie saw streaks of gob permeating the lovely white stone. 'Thr e werei also specs of a bright blue metal, whi t he did noit know. .. SThen a voice camo.from tsie beaitiful unknown-a voice rippling withtoiuse.. "Yours-the shining reef, Ipmomber.". The vision .faded fast fro?n his view, and was followed by a dead blonk, 'scceeded by a gloom so intense that it pain 'leis eyeo:; A great horror, a fearful chill, caii upon him, as he gazed into the ebon darkcess. In this, as if illuminated by a lurid light, appeared the face of his mother, now ivid and dis torted; and gazing upon him an if striving to, speak. He strove to wake him elf. A terrible 'shriek appeared to echo throu? the air, aniid he awoke. The moon was shining pe cefelly on the quiet scone; the roar of the 'uaters had sub' sided, and there was peace. • ''' What was this? Spot, wh qm'h had left at hlome, stood near him,l whining :and scratchling with his feet, aod licking his hands. Something was wrohg. TTho' dog' gave a short, joyous bark when his master awoke; and prepared at once to'go;. Jack rubbed his eyes, and got up. He' felt somewhat stiff, sore,' and cold. He thought,i therefore; the best thing wouldiba to go home. Yet, as lieo went down tlil hill, lie could not but think of the strange droeao hl'e ld had. He looled" carefully at the grmund, and saw; that it w\nas exactly m its usualcondition. He' could not help smiling at hia own strang' fancies. OCIfAPTER IX. Jack walked' down to the valley. The food had now comlpltely subsided: The flat was "sloppy and wet, it isa true; but nature' had been so completely revived that 'these slight disadvantages "weordcompeisated ' by the generally improved appearance of every thing in the soft light of the moon. Jack felt little inclination to go to sleep how; the' air was.so purs and buoyant, that it inifused "f'ilh`life into'Iltm. Bait Spot's'aagcr:wvhiia s attracted his attention, and' caused him to, wonder. Had anything wrong taken placo at' home? : What did the dumb animal meai by his half-human appeals? Jack; in response to' his eager looks, crossed the .creek,and wentl 'to thila tent which he called home. ' There Spot became greatly excited, wagged his tail,' jumped on his master, and uttered, sundry sharli, angry barks. The dooriof ;the 'tent was open, and tlhe moon shoneintoit. The' boy looked, and saw his mother lying asleep in tile same place where tie had 'left 1er., In the moonlight her face looked" terribly' ghlistly,' and Jack tainidd away with, a. shudder. What good would it doi hinm to enter and awakcn her' Il' turned "away,' anxious to spare himselfl the tnlure he knew, would result, and walked up the township, which was now wrauped in slember, regard: less of 'thoe, demonstrations of Spot, who appeared to have absolutely lost his senses. SOct out, you old fool,",saii Jack, thrust iny the dog away from him. "You've got the distemper, I think. I'll give you such a hammering as you never had, except on that day you stole Bertha's dinner, if you go on iq this way"' Spot slunkl away behind, in a very melan choly mood; no doubt arguing in his simple mind that he was laboring unier a delusion, and that his master was right., Just as Jack was walking past the Garry owen, Spot gave a spiteful bark, and rushed spoli a man who had emerged fro'i that hostelry, accompanied by another. Jack saw it was Buniankuia. lie stared at lim with great surprise. The man absolutely looked white with terror; anid gazed on lhin as if horror- stricken. Jack set it down to fear of the dog. "S11ht tip, Splot I" lhe cried. ', "Don't you know him? lie deserves barking at; but you'd better leave him alone. Why, you needn't be frightened of Spot." "Is that you, Jack?" said Bunakunm, in a tremulous voice, whichl, of coursel his son set down to 'drink. "Keep your' dog off, will you? IIe's mad." Behind Buinakurn were tied men whom Jack recogniedl as Hecto Macmionis and the district cordoner-a gecitlmuan,' wlho ouglit Bacchus' to oenable lhini to' dischargo' his Ihidanmantheaf'idutims. Dr. llouse wnq one of the'greatest boa vliants and most unjust judges in the world. An im~n itation to drink would smfllce ton turn tho scales of justice with him at any momient. But Jack paid little attention to lhin.' Thi aspect of Hector was a casefor more surprise. That man was equally pale asBuunaknnumo Jack woandered what all this meant., All the time Spot kept snarling an nitlng around, like a deientcetd animal.: ,a " Got out of that, you young rascal ",cried Dr. house, lifting Ihis cane, "or I'll have you conunitted as a night prowler aid vagabond." "Prowling round, to seao what' h can lay hold of, no doubt," said Hestor. "All these boys ought to be taken up."' "I declare the cold's . got completcly into' meo,' said 13unakuni. . ",I can't think of going home." (Where that home was, noi onie knew). " Let's'go in again, and have something to put lifO'into us." . .. ". io Yes;yes'" said HBtor, hurriedly; Vdecan Iha?so a quiet gasa o euchre till daybreak."h "Haurrahl" saidl Dr. hlouso. "Just the Sthing. I don't see the good of going to bell And tio' trio turned'back into the Garry owen, whlm te a sleecy landlord was still dis pensing elicir ritfe to those of his customers Swo had not succubked. Jack walked up to the eiid of the street, and then turned to go hlome, The cast was Ialready showing signs of tihe dawn--brighten hing, niot with thie glorious golden effulgence lie iad s'ieen in hIis dream, but witla acold grey I light tlihatnindo one shiver., a Dawn on Gritty Gidly. SAchilly lighlt,growng stronge slid stronger, filled tlhe eastern skyl and tie moon began to I pale 'gradually, whil thie few stars that wore stlll.,visiblo glimuumacd' faintly. Shreds of Sclbuds flitted across she sky,'dharnged, as:tbhey micared the light af w ltn, lt a ombre gray. .B?neath l was the damp earth-its outlines shadowed in the crosslhghts of the east arid theowest." Already, the birds were preparing to catch the early worm; the laughing jackass utteredrhis discordant cu-uea-.ecoo-.coocoo; and: theo nfagpieo'filled the woods with his' musical trill;: while the smaller birds twittered 'ancfslhook.off the.damp; Hero and there a stray, bat, or, mopoke, that had kept late hours,I fluttereduneasily, anxious to" got back to its Iholocin some tree;. but, like bipedrevellers who stay out late,'their eyesight was at fault, and` thus had to seek a resting.place wherever they .,.In the grey light of the dawn Jack sought ,his home. The locality was very quiet.' Not' a soul.was stirring. Even the dogs lay asleeo in front:of. the tents. Jack entered quietly; but the flrst glance at his mnothcer made him' start banekhorror .stricken. He had never: .seen anything like this before. Her face was purple and,.distorted-contracted,-and.the' eyes stared out in a fearful manner. ' $ S ho .was slying on the sofa, her, lothes: ,disor oreind~elher limbs ;.drawn upti 0s SWhat'wa it?', i"v" . * Hoeknew it, He had never seen a'dead body; but the awful face before him told too powerfully of the great enemy. : ".,Death--a lhorrible death I Her hands wore clenlced firmly; her form drawn up as if a great struggle had taken place when lifoe was departing. ;The boy, gazed on the still' form of his mother until his eyes rivalled those of the dead, starting with horror. S;Then, with a great cry, he rushed out, and, opening the door of tihe next tent, cried out: i"Mother's dead I Mother's dead I" ' Two young men wore sleeping together in a rude bed made of leaves and grass. They' 'tirned round' sleepily; ' and one, witlh .an expletive, asked what' was the matter. ''lother I Mother I" 'saoid the terrified boy. I "Why, Jack, is that you ?" cried one of the young fellows, sitting up in bed. "What's the matter? You look like a ghost." "01 Mother,'nmother I" cried Jack, reco-.' nising' in .the speaker the young fellow.eiho 4ad so kindly assisted him to separate the flocks on-theo day they had got boxed.: '" Mother's dead I Mother's dead 1" In his excitement lhe had entirely forgotten that tle young fellow had been his neighbour. for some time. In the condition of his mind now, it is'impossible to describe the feeling of relief he experienced when he recollected this, and found a friend so near. " Dead "l said the young man. " Why, I saw, her' last evening, all right. " Poor, Jack I" he continued, gazing upon the boy with compassion; "Your troublesl)ave come early. Get up, sleepyhead, can't you? 'Here's something dreadful taken place." The other youth turned round sleepily. "Bother you, old chum., Don't wake me. I was in such a fine sleep, and dreaming I'd made £10,000." Springing up, the young man who hlad compassionated Jack, jumped into his clothes and accompanied the boy to his tent.: The other 'youth, after looking round sleepily, turned around and went into the land of dreamrcs. The young man looked carefully at lthe corpse. '.Going up close to it he, too, seemed horrified. ,He caime back to Jack, and, taking his arnn, said, in a low, terrified voice: } Jack,.your mother lhas been murdered. On her' neck are the' distinct marks of four fingers and a'thumb. She has been choked to death i'':. -'': CHAPTER S.' 'Tis only a worthless weight of clay, From whicl life's spark has passed away. wMigl it-,th its nativea dust,ee. Frent light and memory ever thrnsst. Stay I. Thoughi a thousand miles belowi Tihe cofin and itsainmate go, Tic memory of thie lchild of wvoe, ' 'ill linger like thle lighit of daye, Till we ss well shell pass away. Whnc' evening cones, ncd weary care ''" 'A momecet disappears, Her face will Icaect cs still, and wear Theb mile of other years. The sun had bairely had time to lave a' good look at. Gritty Gully, and to note its: altered appeairance, when groups began to collect around the tent where the ghastly corpse of poos Janet, lay. After all that has been said and written of the lawlessness of the. time about whicl 'we write, crime was really, rare'. A better class, of men had conme to the Victorian gold-flelds, than the wild desperadoes who had invaded the golden land of California. Those who haveolived on the early gold-fields,' can afford to smile at the ingenious lies circu-! lated by gentlemen who would malke it appear; that thley passed through wondrous adventures.' To a great degree, in those times, the diggers! were the pick of every country. Young and handsome honest 'fellows, with the lessons of their mothers still strong in their minds, intent only on amassing a competency with' wlhioh to make the last days of their parents easy, or to enable them to wed some dearly beloved one' in distant lands, were in the majority. The mean, the depraved, were not to be found. People wore so lavish with what they earned thlat the incentives to crime were few, and poverty was unknown. Gambling there was, and immorality; but neither of these vices eer reached the height they did in California, as the soil was not suited to them. Indeed a desperado, or "Calfornian," was soon hunted off a diggings-the majority of the people zealously guarded against the adiission'of black sheep. The occurrence, therefore, of a murder in the " dommunity of Grit, was something so itusual,''so fraught' with interest, that it seemed as if no one would do 's stroke of work 'that day.:Tho bars were crowded early; and ithe hotelkeepers. smiled.: as they reflected on the probability of a splendid business.' The diggers, like all hard workers, liked a holiday, and "too, every.occasion to have one. What better chanco thian this, when two great eventii followed each other io quickly-n flood'and a murder. . : People talked in whlispers aibout the'horrid deed. They siid' all sorts of strange thingd, andnlany of.them.hinted that they know .a lot about the matter. On being closely pressed they, with commendable wSisdom, declared it would not do to" tell. A time would conie, &e.;, A. &'. 'There lay the last of poor Janet, stark in the growinlg sunlight ; the eyes that were wont 'to beam with joy gleaming with unearthly light ; the hands, generally, busy at that hour, clutched together, never to open. Men looked ii' upon the dead face, and thenr `withdrew their gaze with a dread shudder, .Two police men kept guard, and' excited the comntisera* tion of the crowd at their. onerous and dis. agreeable task to such an extent that bottles, containing something s'tronger than water, were lifted to their lips every few minutes. Amongst tim crowd was the Irishwoman who had so warmly taken poor Janet's part the day bdfore; and this worthy.lady, fore most in giving reresa nemnt to the pohlcemcn, was loud in her denunciations ot Bunakum, whom she declared to be the eanse of every lthing, regretting forcibly that the flood lhad not carried him with it thle nighlt before. Sho hintcul that hie could hIave been better spared than esundry tents, cradles, and Ii becrnian live stoek-hler iiropert'---whcleh had been carried down thle gully daring the night. And with.her the majority of the audience agreed; nalthlough a few ltuck up for the man of many words, stating that hIis faillngs were Sof tile head, hot of thie heart; anld to lwhicl Sthie Irishwloman replied tie that was not to be ivondered at, as he possessed nothing to speak of in the way of the latter; Wliat:had become of Jack? The poor boy, who had'at once been'raised to a position of importance by being connected with the mys tory of the night, was immediately. taken, in hand'byrbonevolent 'persons who desired to obtain every particular about the terrible oc currence. Two gentlemen, whbowere corrce pondonts.of Melbourne papers; at once made a nect at him, and, utterly ignoring.tllo. boy's feelinge, proceeded to. extract infonrmnation, every line of hlheichar 'eung ris heart. His captors soon succecded in getting him into the Garry Owen, where h was at onc plied with "comforts," much against his will. .Hero he had to retail, over and over again, all ho'e knedi; This, in some mensuro,'served to distract his grief;. After all, .boysa are mightily pleased by anything that raises them intoimportance:' : - : '-'But, abont breakfast'otime, when fromn in 'iumerable tent-flsres idso' thoanidoke o siic rifices 'to the godarolf teaoand: coffeo and mutton olops, Gritty Gully Iha bden thrill?d to tine core ' -?The?-mudlre lehad 'beoine found I \- ?2 be ronetineitede) 9 : " :' 