SPORTING NOTES. BY RUSTIOTTS. The meeting which was to have been held on Monday evening for the purpose of arranging preliminaries for a day's racing in February die! not take place owing to some of its promoters being unable to attend. It will be held next Monday. There are a good number of horseB in training around The Mount with an eye to future engage ments. King of Trumps does not seem to suffer any inconvenience from his injured leg, and he bowls along in fine style. Reverberation is also doing well, and her leg has become callous. Both these animals will be able to hold their own should they continue sound. Mr. Mark Hayes has in hand a chesnut son of Slanderer who is credited with having a bit of pace. He 18 the property of a gentleman in the neighbor hood, and is a fine upstanding animal, more adapted by his appearance for hurdle racing or steeplechasing than for the legitimate business. Leapyear is coming on, and the owner of Ross common and Connaught Boy (the latter being intended for hurdle-racing) hopes to have the pair pretty^ lit by the time they are wanted. Mr. B, Davis has the Mount Schanck horse Jack or Jaques in work, and he also is said to be going on well. Lavitesse, The Count, and seve ral others are also in work in this neighbour hood, most of whom will probably be nominated for Penola. The West Maitland match, in which the Eng lishmen met twenty-two local players, resulted in favor of the former by an innings and 15 runs. Maitland made 49. and 91, and the Englishmen 155\. Barnes was highest scorer with 25. The English Eleven commenced a match against eighteen of Newcastle on Friday. The local captain won the toss and sent his men first to the wickets, but they were all disposed of for 67 runs. When the stumps were drawn the Englishmen had lost four wickets for 130 runs. Bligh played for the first time in Australia and was stumped for 22. Barnes made 13 and Leslie 51. On resuming play next day nearly all the remaining members of the team made large scores, the innings closing for 339. When play ceased the Newcastle men had lost 15 wickets for 54 rung only. There is a sporting yarn afloat to the effect that Mr, J. Whittingham, a wealthy squatter and sportsman, has laid £10,000 to £500 to Mr. A. W. Robertson, the owner of Granville, Welcome Jack, and St. Lawrence, that neither of this trio will win the next Melbourne Cup. Darebin is a probable starter for the Cham pion Stakes. Matador is top weight for the Hamilton han dicaps, The owner of Commotion (the Hon. Wm. Pearson) took £1000 to £500 in one pop that his horse won the Champion Stakes. Rush andLaycock are to row for the aquatic championship of Australia a few weeks hence* The match will take place on the Clarence River. The following account of some extraordinary sensational riding on the part of the best gentle men jocks of the day is given in a Calcutta journal, and will be perused in Australia with both interest and .surprise. At the same time, however, it reads more like an equine exhibition of the famous Parisian Hippodrome of Franconi, than part of the programme of a legitimate turf gathering. " At the Amandale Racecourse, Simla, Lord William Beresford, brother to the well-known Lord Charles, has astonished the public with some wondrous feats of horseman ship. Several sensational events were introd uced to make the meeting a success, and all of them won by Lord William. The Fostillian Race wherein he had to ride one pony and lead another at each side of him, he carried off in a oanter his three ponies flying the finishing hurdle abreast. A.Tandem Hurdle Race, in which a horse was ridden and another driven in front, was an easy victory for him, as well as a Four in-hand Race, Lord William, after his snccesses at Amandale, backed himself to manage a team of six, and rim them against four each driven by Lord Compton and Captain Rochfort. He put his team in two rows of three, and rode the centre 'wheeler.' Fastening the reins of the near and off animals round his legs, he had the six in perfect control, and galloped them round the course, beating his opponents hollow. This done, for the edification of Lady Ripon and the rank and fashiou of Simla, his Lordship galloped eight horses round the course without other harness than reins. The track was narrow and had many turns, but the horses were kept well together and turned without difficulty." There was one incident in conneotion with the Hawthorn collision that I haven't seen in any of the papers. It is a positive fact, for I had it from one who lives close to the line, and who was one of the first on the scene to help the sufferers. AmoDgst those extricated from the wreck was a lady who seemed terribly shaken. She was as pale as a ghost, and trembled like a leaf in a breeje. She seeded to be quite dazed for a minute or two after she was got out, but gradually her senses returned to her. The first words Bhe stammered out were, "My n-n-new p-paraaol is in the c-c-carriage P" It might be unjust to infer that she was not seriously hurt internally, but in that supreme moment of excitement, and surrounded by disaster, the ruling passion was strong in the female mind. Her limbs were quivering, her nerves were shattered, her tongue unable to articulate distinctly-but her woman's instinct came out of the ordeal triumphantly. She didn't forget her new paraiiol»«-John Perrybingle iu Wttkly Times, 