. \ Tr¢,U?ng HOUSE. . Oid.\ to financial pressure in the sh of lietsi yloIsse'.s abroiad,' ccciid the offer of an, old-fashioned firnished house in the country, luiclh ihad bec ten ii 'earsunitenaiited as a residence i thiriiantime to save thexpenses of.tow?n life and itliilr? in a' coldand stormy November day, amid torrents of" rain;I set out along with all I held most dear one -iiy family That comprised, m~ y i ce and Bthreouhng clildraen.' As? ve left our cheryi toil iouse frb'i th lasottima?,iiianya heavy, tliught oppressed me, on account of those depeident on' me,,at the idaywiiardnss, of Fortune,. anadtheiy!. ups and dlows" of P0 and espeeiallay nstot Iwat she might stilltli nstorc for us. " We had a Ion dieein comorable close coiiyan'ce, hired at thenearest;iir wayrtowvn, fees, the wiiadovs oat'? sit tlie ehildrenwer delighted to, watchi; thne ie seenery) as. i. drove along:,, The smallest little darling of` the three, just eight ~ onflis old, was as com foirtable in lis wraps tad furs as if he iere 'at tisenirmest firesid. ,At,lgtli .ie f.ouis.d oureelvesat the"door of our new' hfouse, far ;in the hecart of the coiintr3 " Drcary andeoli: try enough' it looked ,sandi n by' it el at; the foot ofa ielopi with"is short avenue of trees leding up to the door.i.'Soong h?eeri we wre inside, and rearin acson plevery; coon helpsil to raise ouripxsts. and dissipate the gleam, biy inhparten g that cheeress which te+, re found tiat'thra e appearance did not altoether belie thin weird and ghostly rep thitiond Solsqetoriesto thae dardo abovutbte, hou; beningi baunted ansthe reasonofitr cl r isianing' so'ion unoccudpied, ,we" of cosurse. only iaugheda'i. T The wallawereof enormous a thickness, ands everol of .the rooms paiwliod. lready ithioin thre panelling, the.ratsand mice ,apprised of the asilns of habitatieli by. te tlies whlich liad been put ? n nsoerlT. days' beforcu 'ouarriyval once agaii begat p hold. their es.s, The main passatege was narrowr;, the stairs of toneh ne stair leadiug from the iiddle flooriupto the bedrooms above,. containing thd'pblic room's,;the s otii adown to the kitchen 'rage of rooms bhelo'nit 'of, whichweremeaollyr sefoiorosisnid c damp eand dark;wi thi their iwills gihstenin wsithsmoisiurc.. ,eitqncV 'the 'ery ideaof ;deiscndnit it. \- thenm a bquarlehoapea tapart ofe, the wid ehad 1 eF t he l "o'r'ntosi h o ir, mt rld ibeencot off byfpartitioense t lrthe f;liible:' .which left alargo dar'k emptypfopacealtrouid. bcitween 'sdl l andpartition, enough athe proprietor, lsaidi tos accommodate hale rea1-.l mnt of tinfahtryl Thliis, however lookd ti one adsantrgc of.f keepinigltl rooms dry It he back , of the house a cear -1roe) rippled aloig snobjaict t tno risoeadal wiit? e?try, shnower of idi, lot ilte oor r 'ai 'ro four or flhe'days tdit ,tihan s, usheiread s inl, continuedbut a t:lgth. one morniunga clear, brig sht ioeroi routpuere the liiandscap?idaho inig no, from ? tihe toi n the slopeourinsular positiron w 6ith Lthe er ano hocen onthree sides in 'theldistane, siecoast towrn s w ere alsocatteed, ? al ong teati lioreat inte;, l tand there adppe oed aprettyr undularting p country sparelybotanted siibith teswithout'illageor hamlet anywhere to bi seen meong the large cultivated fields, ax kept the big farm steadindg that appeared iihee and there at considerable distances part As, i ti~i'pased,eand ie settledirdown in om rnewe abode I found that theday. 'did not hang so o'hauvily ony hands asl expetcied; hatn witni the increasing acqllasitt neship wirithie. very okidandoilasaint nel hboie '?c 'ac? shooting (ri dlygrsanted a me by ths aproprietor) among haren;'partiidge, Sc. and 'especially at ýlarge, 'flocks of geese 'whila had takhren a fancy, t tlie' Teighb'burhood. " The children ithoyed, the coutnt freddom ihmmenselyoand the "rouers halrly"deepend ii ?their cheek dfro't the stston5"boean' air some'edsveii' hsssidred feet above'th'e sea 'level. o 'p' 'Oine daily waselngaged putting up a swing for'and, and till, totheir onreat delights in, 'tli?hlie'thn at'djoised twhe liouse lat the back -ano'blad building as o f tiostoriesthe ldter loneof which had open iarches, and therup?-r,' 'on ulsed ts a granary, was approached 'by ai tmpostaii.Allwdt'once I n dticed through theo 'nhe id"ofthe ourtside 'itchen doer, that led into the long passage'of thit lor,' the flutter 'of? ichlld'sfdressd I dwell knew, and, at the' samebu nmodmenta shadow as of somoine rapidly, passing. Hardly believing my-eyes, I looked agidin, knowing that no one went 'down i'to olhdt nowdisused floor, the outer doori of which -rd'ained locked, and least of all that the' snd sotonld be tauten there;' Theoro~sseud :kindrsv had left for an afternoon holiday,-and woold not be back for somehihours. '"Witli a "liiver running all over me, half -congeling myblood, I flew to the door and looked ralong the narrow passage, but 'nothing was "'visible.' wThe 'frthest end door that 'opened to' the stairnase leading to ihe publi roomis above still remained closed. I kicked at ethe out side door, but nothing saso tohe echo eplied;' 'so I next rushed to the lows kitchen 'winidow, iand, looked in. ',All w as ndisturbed 'there ind mnotionless I The cobwebs still crosses the doors and corners ejust as they hO d wolnt to' be. Taking the two echildren vith me, I hurried round to the front of the house, 'where I found their mother at the front door,' with' her knitting, enjoyinogthe bright sun 'shine.' Quickly telling her whiat I had seen as calmly as I could, thouigh not too care fully, as the rising pallor on her face betokiened,. :f" hurriedly asked where she hod left baby.. Before I had half done she was flying upstairs, ifollowed by me, to baby's room, whee, as she 'said;,she had left him quietly sleeping in 'his cot.' The cot was empty I " Our' darling was away. The clothes even were' gone. Wiith 'amoment's delay, after a rapid sglance through ths'adjoining rooms, we' hurried downstairs,' doidn"this' seeond'"flight ito the dark,'danip,' kitchen floor,tandfrom reomi:to room we fleew,,but not:a trace, of! our, darling."',I 'hads thenito vtcry p?dir 'lcllirn untsAtira.-'sho lt1ad fallen faintingtioh thejloor I laid her on a coach,'andnenideavouredi to] recover: her.iin the'first places. For somd timne itic remained in. a dazed- state; adilthnn;inas 'recollection gradually came back, I urged the 'ncdssity of 'her'keepinglup till we had made a 'thorough 'Search for our ehild,;is, front the time' Itilad seen1 his dress, it was imspossibe!`-he euld ibe maiywhire':but still in the o'l se.i " With the c?isr: and !rapid ,! instinct" witli- which! she ~je'imost things,:she nadoe theo effort needed, ,and'vwhich, Icouldsee' at tho time,;was al most beyond her streiigth. 'Again we searched and seiirched,:in the homitecromid' aibout tihe house, andreverywhere wheroetliere was the faintest possibility 'thit the' child could;be concealed, but in vain';' and.hows the time pansed from the moment we first. missed him :(about :three ,in the afternooni) till darkness ,began to 'loso in on' a short winter day; I dai -yet but faintly'imagine. '!, :'. " ":.i ".. I , tnGoing round, once more' to' the back of the house for the'twentieth tinie, all of: a sudden a' fTaint glimmer of light. from -across the biook caught my eye, along with' what I felt eei tain 'rans the flutter of' a child's dress. It seeined.in:the dusk to be'only a few hundred yards toff'i Witihout waiting a moment; ahnd direading to utter an' alarm, I: sprang across the :brook,' through' thle 'deep swainp'"and, rushlesiboyond, and, reaching- the harid'lirm meadow, 'flew'along in'the direction of the, light ;of which another glimmer again directed ne.:' iThe'ulight,- I could see, was 'moving onwards, and' s I increased'my pace'I found 'I wasldistinctly gaining'on it. A fresh glim inerinow nid again"kept me right; and I only. fearedlbreaking down creoit could' b'over" taken ; Sii husbandint my strengti' as "hell as u:iy excitein ntwould allow, I kept up thei pace; determined to'succeed if'it cost mdd'uf last':breatli ' Giadually, as::tlid'chase' con tinnued, 'the light'drew' nearer; the -glinimer stronger, hnd tio'flutter of :tht'ehild's dress' now proved a certainty. A few minutes more' 'anrid"Iiastbe op with it.' I"'thought,;too, I' cotld diitinguish'in the darkness' the outlini of' i main; but, so thick had the gloom nowr bcome,ethis'!might; have been :fancy, as no :gleanm that lit up thd'child's dress ever fell on tlheiflure.' For afew seconds I noticed the lightrliniger at one spot, move'up.and dowi,' then agasinmoveorapidly on:' "But'nov; for' the fiirst time, I lost sight of the' white dress. In\ a"second'or two' more I was up' to the place nswhere the light had' lingered. 'This' hrought me alongside'a broad straggling whin fence; well known tome' as a' godd corer, for partridge. "Whliile orishing 'past; a conscious ness' o?'somethin?-ivhito amongst the furze arrelsted my steps, and'" pshinig in among them I bent-down over what seemed a mass oftwhite like: a snow drift, iin the!midst of which, sound lssleep;, and' comfortable 'and cosy ii lhis! warm iblankets and rug, as if Ihe` 'were still.n 'his' cot,'I disdofieed 'our darling'!. Even'the blahkets: had, been- drawn' carefully' 'up round his soft twarm face; to 'allow 'jtst enouch rooin for air without the least danger of:cod.wAs 'I: pressed' my face to 'thr' little oibind"'clieeks, and 'felt the w'arm ?breath Icoming and'goinigthe remulrsion wiis sa great,' coupled'. with. the'exhaustien 'of my run of' ovar a' mile; thatI' cotild only at the moment' sink 'downbeside'hihr:, I dared notyet trust' myself to carry him back, anxious as I felt iboutithose at hom:e.'Whilo resting with himn in iiiy arms I noticed the light'groowing fainter and fainter tilliit disappeared in the distaide.' At length;, when sufliciently iieco-ered,' I rose' 'witimy'ne\ly-found treasure, to tryand rd ,trace my'steps homewvardini the"now :pitchy' darkness. r.Carefully'Igigro~ed inmy ay back,' holding him close'to me, And feeling as if the' time weronan 'age ere I could ieturn'to'dx-" change the grief there for joy. The light from an upper window of the house guided' me, otherwise ini thethick darkness I might' have 'lost mly way. ' l'li n i "At Ieisth' "thi"ripplieof!thi'e 1brook at. the back doiir hit my cars, and recrossing care-, fully I found myself :ifice mom' at the back of the',lionse"besids lh'fiviuigig aiid. at' the first' scdne df?th'tih" tbiiou' m dis?:ijpdice," an, sceint 'diierto''fo6g' Len" tliougliisnding so h'ah~iljy: .'io comng rouni d to the ;foniit all Wis' qluietS tie utir dboo stilo?_en; ttiajldowcr laips iinhlif an'd: 'not "a isbhond even' b :thd. ':hlildrei's'viofde, d to b!heid' I'dirdaded"eth' ifidderi nlf?ct"'f'th'c'disci di'y 6f"hei 'darling, oni 'Hlklii;'d i?y"sold'iiianxty, now .was'ihow I c'duld' reai'nth'glidndws' tb.or .'a' "agentjly ali ossibl." S' S6 uiitly'isciia'ddiig' thie 'stair, I reaehed her'rooi;fo'i ditsfdoor iijar and lokehilin' `Th 'en a ' e 'a table, her Iiad bentrfrid ihiih$ir hands a?diid `er fectl' motionles 'IMaiil hand' Will n'eer sit. stig n "tli heiariiithiig" 'subduid" iund 'silent, liki ri'?? uisifilly' tew todWads''thcir 'miotlier. oftly' eiiterin"the"roisii ed (b"'the iuoildi4 sh&'atnlce sawm'e, to keep 'slint, 'is'ds hidftl' i liidhliiii dorii 'dn'dc mo in. hii''cit?"'As' hischhlie' tocF'lied thei'llo6wla 'nitil"di;'?i' ved?his ficer' a if ,eveii in a diruiea hde'fdilt hi"vas aaiS'lif sdafety. 'And then crossing th'r'?orir'I;isat quictly ddwn' besidd 'his id6thiedl!" Sh'd s'ifded'ini 'd'sit of 'istupor, 5ut'of which ,boily sl~o ly a id with' difdicultyi l 'sddu&'eddii rousing hi-r,, aind by degreest as 'li&'eda'gh't' my icheerful"tdiae, a.:new light 'sine'dd to'br'mk'fii' u'pon Ieir;'and'lie.look I6dd ire itraight in 'th'race. Thero' was eid''iis my attempting' to disseeinbl ;:'iThe' l of goodi news was too'plaliitid bi hidden, though. I'feared at first the ffiect of tlhreaction. 'BIe foreI; lhad 'hflf to?h:iiir' tle shde caight the' meaning looksi of thi cllhildrei; iand 'gave' ond 5h'mfthlaiicd'tovardsd th'l'cot. " Ihnn instnt, hq wad`there, aniid 6'fr ai"sment"thooi er 'whelmung joy was almosti as overpowerming' as the'rief.' As t liittldesubjecdt'f:all this care was loaded witi' c?rieses'h li'd openpid hits big black eye vithli a ' iile of l ie allround ; and aseach i'tui' bt'ii.sl'redf:his smiles we coild liiardly rea'lisld thatfhapist had'not, allP been ]~' dramiii . Hii o?? hl o s6iie" was chinised"fr6-ifa"ii d" of'd?i?*ovt'to 'nice' f 'joy, thaut evenaing T cai"ntlct ' yeloc'mbWr: Htver aflt?idtt ?ivai· liiby 'left'fo~fo oeinieiite alone, "io nas thr? everi a' chli's given??f "that, morning we' id'd 'a thorou li' setirh of'the, holsbd fr?i'iir'oi?oWbidodi but'niwiero?"could, r~blifaiii'iirld t ind n sc'ret' dobr or passaie thiat'inighttidioW' lightio'bi?i the f!'iyteri. Alfter the foregoing'expieinc"ie it mn'yh be suppdoed 'I' would fami'havid-chah"byi Iir- sidefe-eliad As the above-events began to lose their. vividness, without, any fresh incident to ex-1 cite'. suspicion, time passed pleasantly. on. One day as I was round in the shed outting up somes.trees, which' a:recent storm had blowndown, with Maudand Will playing by,. I suddenly became aware of the 'shadow once: more crossing:the kitchen-door.. This tiime, honwever, it was' alone. i.Our,'baby,' I knew, was too .well??watched, to ~ le spirited' away again'. In m saoment I was at the door, look-; ing in along the dark passago but.allwsi nempty.there I- Instead, however, now of·-ruashi ing round:to the front of the house, as Idid before, and giving the:alarm;:I kept' watch, and sent Mhiaud 'quietly round to. give infor mation. Keeping .Williby.me,:'l watched MIaud-till she reached the front of the house, where I.had: left. her mother with the ser vant, :attending baby in his: periambulator. They.were all. soon round, and, .'pointing out to Helen? 6 knoll at a little dis tance, which commanded a view of three sides 6dfi.tho.house,-or of any one attempt ing' to:leave it, I asked her to retire there with. .ho servant (a strong country girl) nnd:children, and keep wvatch- HIardly hnd theoyiJeft when the shadow again crossed the kitchen floor; andiinmediately; afterwards a slight~sound intheigranary:drew my atten. tisitt.: '1nold to iitose hbeaun'-La ew, sir ikisy fr: thud sending'ol a neighlshur, which .was my first idea, I sprang up the trip stai?nland li tenill. ;lIn little tht sonnd wat repeatd!, Ilow distinctly as of a door- closing,; lind then ceased; but no trace could Ii1'6dd of door or opening of any kind. .I took care that, from where I. stood,I could still eeo the sg;roup on thi: knoll. Striking on thoe wall sllence the stotd 'usemed to have"proeededd; a faint ap parent echo reachdied me; but this, I thoulght, could be traced to a distinct separate sound. tepeating klhe blowingain and again on dif ferent, part of tle.-wall,, at last a hollow souind seemed to answer the stroke, and simnultaneously, a. part of the' wall I had not noticed before, to the side, and ncareri the gable, ogened slightly, disclosing a long narrow. rent., Another' stroke on the saime place, I found, was on a stone that yielddd to pressure, and showed a owidening crevice. With further pressure on the itone, which appeared to be connected with. the door'by i spring, it reached. at last. its full width, and disclosed a narrow door in -the wall, front whichl a.passagoewith a dark storio, stair case- led downwards. This staircase was just wide enough for one man to crush through. Without hesitating, and .with a sort of desperation, due partly, perhaps, to my. entire unbelief in ghosts, I entered the ,passage and began to descend the steps, after takinig the precaution to get a heavy. lump of ,wood and leave it in the doorway to prevent any accidental closing. As I went 'down the narrow staircase, a slight rustle from below told me pretty surely I should find some one there. Each. step now brought me nearer the'os ject of 'my searel; while the flickler of lighit tlit presently. came from below sliowed le. I;:as nearer the foot of. ithe stair:. In alotlher secon'd or tvo ,I found myself it i ansro, patassge s:i, the foot, faiutly, lit;by a crevice in the wall, and witlh the figrujof a naill dimlyviisiblebefore me8 . .: Thcre iwe stood confronting eacholoter,' not a sound to be:: heard but tie breathing of each. After. soiilusmoinents had passed,thuns iti dead tilenice, I put out my left htand, tofeel ''wlvit sort o f,wall resisted mi on that . ide, "tind, if iossible, let ,i some light, and struck agitnst wihat seemed to be the i wooden panel lint of a, room.. The movement caused no Ichanige in ihyris-a- ries...hexa placing mny back against, onie sid of: the passage, I,-put nmy foot against the pannellig, and ttled to force bopena'deal ; but in.vain. Itwasttoo strong to yield to my pressure. Still the figure remained motionless. I then bethought myself of my box of "vestas,' ,which,,as a smoiker, I 'always carried, and struck alight. As 'the darkniess fled, and the ivlole, passage becafni visible, with theo figure in it, whout and what did I se?? 1 or a little I. could hardly believe my 'eyes, ,and wonderedi I, too; wcire in i dicam. A man,certanisly, in full' ilb.'li 'aidblood, and tli ghost, ias there, motitonleCss'still, his head sligl tly bent,,and 3yes fixed on vacancy,as in a.dlream.,No sign of seeing me, or. of the eist' alarm at.,my presence, appeared in his. face. But, w hat was strangest of all remnains to be,,. told. Thile face nasthat of anhonest; carpenter of our nighbourhood, whoiii I well.ltesw as a ,eirycirespectable steady mian. 'I had heard he li td been in the habit of disappearing now anridhen ifrom his house at night for>a day or two,' ati, a time, and of returning. again ?y niglit as, cquietly?J as he,left; while, he eithctr refused, or , was iunable to give any iiccount of his absence.. The truth was now plain: The maan was a somnambulist. There, too, sv's the'lantern in his hand, still unlit, which1 on the former occasioti, had guided ib by its light. Oh being -addresscd,' he sdeeicd at first to come, " back to himself" slightly, as if half aware of my presence, and of being caught, but again lapsed into his dreatihy state. Going up to hitm I bade hint follow me, which he quietly did, up, the stair ea'ie, and out by the way Ihad: entered,; till he'appeared at the foot of the trap stair in the presence of the 'sonideriiig group on the gras?, who wcrjnowv gettinig anxious about miy '?tsence":.. i ""'I to "" to STelling the ma il lyto go home, and to be'',reful nver to repeat his intrusion, lie inli?eitatingly' tdok thfe straight road home, and wilked steadily asay. ;The effect of'the discovuer? on IHelen, lcr speechless astonish mnient aind relief at the eame, time, at "such a very pilctical sid liodiely solution of' the robbery of her baby, may be imdgined. The mnan. it appeared, was liable .to;be affected diffieretly at different' timnes. Solietimes he had more than his ordinary waking wits about him in a certain groovc, in the onrm of aiiinvincible uniiniig cnabliig him to elude dis?o~ ry. and baffim' all' attempts at trac ing lim; At siitia:ls,e ilhid 'always disap petare dolring!thd iingh the sobmnambulism appeafng to continue for one or twi' days at a tithe. Hisio' dof in ? sinetf' his b'en de scribdl tind I found, 'oil careftilly. etiining the 1'assage tIlat' hile'bind eil dof it ed down from' the granary, as''mentioptud, tlihe tlier'led up ait the bacidk oe?f tipsn'ihIitigt bya ,flfit of stepos to the iooms abhije, into'wiein' he ob Coined'cotrdan?o 'bj a' 'sliding, deal ii, the dark enclosire betwceenroinisand gable. The mnan Vas' about fifty-fii:e, liid iesided in' the district since childliood, ari: beecue, 'ac qdqainted with the secret passage i htlih course of sonic repairs, of whiich he aloie hald charge -a 'sceret' .li'kept' to himself., I' afterwrards learnt"that lhe had. gridually' awoke on sis way, lonie, proiabl3y from the diiturbilIg'in fluenCes he had encountered; while the .warn iig giveni him iuder' his soniiianimblistit'had its effect. At the sania time, neiedless, to hay, I had thie secret passages firmily built up; so that no one dmight again be subjected, either to secret intrusdon, or to those hours of sus penis?' we underwent betwscen the losing'and tandii'g ofb or child. And" tliusi ends hy first 'experience of our country house- -?V. S. in Loidba Society. 