TURF GOSSIP. By -Falcon. Tho Victoria Amatour Turf Club has been induced to come forward with a cross- country programme, to bo docided to-day, which is so rich and varied that it cannot be other than succeaf; ful if only tho weather should provo favorable. To establish a Grand National Stecplochaso day1 it bocamo necessary to launch a big programme, and although it is a risky time of tho year for such indulgences, it was the unanimous opinion of the committee that, to command success, tho thing would have to bo done properly. So it was determined to try it, and the first result is a. splondid entry. It was argued' that as tho coun try was so muoh easier at Caulnold than lit Flciningtoil many horses would outer for a steeplechase, at the former that would hesitate to engago at tho litter place ; and tlicso arguments have been well sustained by the immense entry which marks tho occasion, Each and ever/ stako bears ovidence of this, anil that it should bo so must bo most gratifying to the committee, who thereby must feel convinced that in tho caso of racing programmes liberality moots its roward ; and hence in the future the club will act with moro confidence and independence. The picturesquo conrso at Caulficld is admir ably suited to stoeplecbaso encounters, as tho horses are so entirely kept with in ' the range of sight that nothing of tho sport b missed or lost, whereas tho fences aro of sufficient sizo to discover tho perfect and well trained juniper from the untutored pre tondor. As has been remarked, tho prograinnio is a varied one, commencing with a Two-year-old Stako, for which there is an entry of thirtysevon colts and fillies ; and which of these will win over a three furlong course is a problem most difficult tOBolvd, especially as the youngsters will not bo wound up, and as tho objoct is more to accustom them to the many and varied colored jackots and to a larfto field of horses. With all this in view, it will bo wise to loavo things' until tho post is reached. For the Hurdle' Koce thero will be a large field. As1 with tho Fl'ornington Grand Na tional Hurdle Bace, Handy Andy is up 21b.: Dhurringile, 9 lb.; Red Hover, 5 lb.; Lady Hampden, 211),; Rhesus, tho winuer on that occasion, 10 lb. ; Annie JJaurie, 121b.; Monitor, 111b. ThonSiiortsman.withlOst. 51b.,raiisecontl for tho Maiden Hurdle Kaco, and ho now lias o ID. more. Taerotoro, 1 Bhould, if the stable back them, prefer Sportsman, Annie Laurio or RhesuB. And seeing that the three milo Hurdle Kaco was run in better timo than tho two milo Maiden Race it becomes a question whothor Rhesns cannot win even wilh'tho penalty he has to carry for his previous victory. Rumor says that ono or two horses entered for tlio Australian Amatour Challenge Cnp are not proporly quali fied. It will ho found, however, that all thoso horses which havo any protensions lo bo con sidered hunters are qUaliGed, and tho3o which aTO not so qualified aro not hunters, thoreforo the terms of tho race have provided tlie very pro tection it was dcsirablo to ensure Thus one or two horaos may be lost to tho fiold, but tho race will bo botween horses that havo somo right to bo called hunters, and but for this protectivo clause no doubt many poro Bteoplochase horses would have been entored for Mr. A. S. Ohirn sido's handsome cup. On account of the illness of Mr. Chirnsido I am afraid Baby will not start ; Marquis is not quite himsolf, Baronet will go for the Grand National, so Glowlight and Al hambra .look tho moat dangcrons. For the Selling Rncer Tho Ghost should bo master of tho situation. Thdn comes tho Grand National Steeplechase, and whichovor tho Ballarat stable start. Loft Bowor or Spring, will bo hard to beat, so should bo Chrysalis, Sarsfield, Broechloador, Jack Scandal and llamoluke. It will be a desporato and oxeiting race, and por haps it would be wise to adhcro to tho best public performers, Loft Bowor and Chrysalis. I havo loft out CoUincwpod as his starting js donbtful, and I may add of the oxtremo outsiders' Barcoo and Baronet ate held to havo good chances'. To attempt to throw any light on tho Amateur Plat Raco is impossible; or nearly so, bb much must depend upon who is in the saddle, as woll as what may or may not go, so it would not surprise mo after all to; seotho ra.ee go to Buzzn, Tha first raco is toatart at one p.m. Hawkesbury races,-us is' prfitty woll known, take place' on Thursday and Saturday, 24th and 26th inBt., and very good1 ontrios havo been re ceived— tharo boing 14 for tho Hurdlo Raco; a baker's dozen for tho Pnblio Auction Stakos; thon thoro is an original entry of 74 for the Hawkesbury Guineas ; 31, the County Purse ; 15, the Matdon Plato ? another original entry is 15t forthd .MaTos' Produco 8takcd ;-62romain in the Hawiesbury Grand Handicap ; 21 in the' Two year-old.' Race : 31 in tho McBibots1 Handicap ; 10 in tho Pnnce of Wales Stakes ; and 28 in th« TurtOlab. Handicap. , Thoreforo it is fair to onsurao'thitt alt the: races will bo well provided, especially as tho Now South; Wales racing men as a rale generally mean, business when onco thoy enter. Tho weights for alltho minor events have yet to appear, their due date beinji Monday noxt in Sydney, and they should ho known hero on the following day. In tho smaller races thoro are not many Victorian horses to bo found, neither ore there many loftin the Hawiosbury Grand Han dicap, a race that is* looked forward to, with in terest, Inasmuch as the running thoroin may be supposed to'asalst and guide us in our opinions of tho Metropolitan. Slates 'and Melbourne Gupt Although it must bo rcin'oniiiorcd' (hat these rage's arehyf a~mile' further thsil that at Hnwfresbury looking at it in any. way wo may it must bo of some value. ? Tbe sixteenth Sires' Produce Stakes otforcd By tho VicUrtrin- Racing: Club is now advortisod to dloso on Mondayj the 18tb- September, whan Mio sires mast bo' Hbrriihated-'-a very important item for bteedcrs to know, for by thoir forget- . fulness thoy may very soriensly projiidico the salo of their stock; whoso value is based .very much upcrn the naturo of their engagements. Before ire wo' have tlio Melbourne Hunt Club prograramo, to tako placo 30th September, but as tho nominations dd not tako placo until tho 11th ' of the same month littlo need bo Baid at tho i present time, excepting it has been obsorved that tho riders for tho Hunt Club Cup nro con fined to fcbrei clubs only— tho M.H.C., the V.R.C. and V.A.T.C. It is asked why tho I followers of tho' Ballarat hounds and Firlon Harriers aro excluded. ' Tho Ballarat Winter Steeplechase Meoting is to take placo on Thursday, 21st September, and tboUnnt Club Meeting on tho following day. Tho programme of tho B.T.C. is to bo a Belling Race, of BOfiovs. ; Hurdle Race, 100 sovs. ; Han dicap, 100 sots. : Grand National Stcoplechaso, with 200 sots, ndded.tho gift of Mr.Martin Lough lm ; and a Maiden Race, 30 sovo. The Hunt Kilub programme will be, Selling Race, 30 sovs. ; Lnbona Hurdlo Raco, a trophy, the gift of Mr. (i. (J. Morton, valuo 60 sovs.; tho Hunt Club Cup, valuo 100 sovs., tho gift of Mr. Bon. Hop burn : a Lady's Bracelet, value 50 sovs., pre sented by Mr. M. Louglilin, with a 10 guinea locket for a second prize, tho gift of Dr. Pinnock ? and a Maiden Steeplechase, of 100 bov3. Several members of the ring left for Sydney last week to bo present at the Sydndy Tnrf Club Meeting, nil of whom have returned to witness the Caulfield Grand National Meeting. The secretary of tho V.R.C. has been bringing (v hornets' nost about his ears by trying to Jo his best for all parties. Tlio following noto was addressed, by him to all racing men and tramors having horses at Flomington : 'Dear Sir, — Complaints havo boon mado by somo owners that touting has grown to such an extent that tho public know moro about their horses than thoy do tliomsolveE, and that thoy intond taking thoir horses from Flemington to train olsowhere. With the objoct of preventing this, it was. suggested to plant round tho inner Bide of thdtraimn' tracks, and aho tho slopes of tho banks; m tfiat in a lew years touting would bo ? impossiblo. This is obiectcd to hv roiur. nq Imim* inconvoniont to trainors, in preventing their watching tho performances of horses undor thoir charge. The only object I have i3 to render tho training trucks at Flemington as perfect as possi ble, and with this aim in view I widened the track at tho turn, and laid a three-inch water main to keop the tracks in good condition during tho hot dry months. I shall feel obliged if you will kindly give mo your views on tho subject, and favor mo with any suggestions you may have to featc— Yours faithfully, H. BrnoH Mooke, Soc. V.R.C' As to the planting of trees and for mation of Spinnios, I am of opinion that it will rather assistthe tout than otherwise. Valuable improvements aro going on at Caul field. Tho new luncheon room, ladies' rooms, tlint set apart for ladies and gentlemen, and tho Governor's room will be completed by the oml of tho present month. Tho roofing is finished as is tho outsiilo wcatherloarding, and lining and flooring is boing proceeded with ; the last thing being tho painting, which will be com menced next n-eolr. Tho ground in the extended portion of tho saddling paddock is being levelled, and after tho presont meoting down will come tho sheds on the western side, to ho erected on the boundary of tho new saddling paddock. Tho members' carriage horso paddock, adjoining tho carriogo paddock, is finished and is very complete, so that mctnbors' horses will henceforth be secure, snug and warm. Sydney Tattersall's Meeting took placo on Saturday last, when thoro was some excellent sport Basilisk, 9 st., won tho Hurdlo Race, with Last Try, 11 st. 4 lb., second. Twilight took tho Tramway Handicap, Moore's Kanaka the milo Soiling Race, and Halifax, by Hawthorndcn from Modesty, tho two-year-old half milo race, winning easily, with Statesman second. Balmoral was successful in the Loftns Handicap, 1 milo 3 furlongs. , Scandal has gone into Foulsbam's stable at Brighton, and is supposed to belong to a gentle man who has long been known as a stanch sup norter of the fltahlfi. I regret to stato that tho injuries Himalaya sustained in the Grand National Steeplechaso at Flomington, aro of such a nature as to necessitate his ilestroyal.) Instructions woro yesterday given to put an end to his sufferings. Captain Lo Patourol has announced to the Eecrotary that it is tho intention of his Uxcol leney to patronise the Victoria Amatour Turf Club racC3 to-day. The booths in tho saddling paddock of tho V.A.T.C. havo beon secured by Mr. Straokor, who will also furnish tho lunch. Mr. Thornton ha3 the booth on tho Hat. Whilo schooling over the jump3 at Caulfield on Saturday lost Mars fell and broko his bask. Cotowayo is coming into notice for tho Hawkes bury Guineas, and Cunnamulla has boon heavily backed for tho Mdbourno Cnp this week. Tho steeplechase horso Sogurtlmr is said to havo a leg. A fund amounting to' a couplo of hundred pounds has boon subscribed for tlio old trainer and jockoy John Hendorson, who for somo time past has bcou in declining health. On Tuesday last his Excellency tho Govornoi' paid a visit to Brighton Park to inspoct tho trottera which have bedn imported from America during the lost few months. Messrs. Roberts, Strettlo, Miller ami other trottists exhibited thoir stook and showed thoir paces, his Excollonoy expressing himself highly dolighted with tho ex hibition. All true sportsmen will regret to hear that Mr. A. S. Chirnsido, tho master of tho Ballarat hounds, is laid up and confined to his room through a tumor which ha3 formed in his back, the result of a fall raceirud come time ago. Tho ttfmor has boon treated ami roduood by Dr. Fitzgerald, and tho patient is progressing favorably, but will be' unable to attend tho Caul fiold race3 to-day, or to 3co tho contest for tho cup ho has so llborally eiven. ? Non-mombCToOf tho V.A.T.O. ^s-ho nay wish ' td ride in the amateur races should send in thoir names at onco to tho secretary. In tho daily papors an advertisement will bfi found giving tho tiuie3 when tlio special trains will leave- for the Caulliokl racecourse to-day. Tho first race will start at a quarter past ono. I togrot tostato that Mr. Fred Poppin, the hon. . sec. for tho Fhidon Harriers Club, met with ira accidont whilst out with the horriorsou Satur day last. His horso Snowdoniau fell and broke his neck, giving Mr. Poppin a very nasty full, from whioh howover he is rapidly rocovoring. Sovoral gontlomon visited Boccaccio Park last Saturday afternoon at tho invitation of Mr. J. A. Roberts, to witness the pacos of his imported! trottors. A grey stallion who rejoices in thei name of Leri Rosd was vory much admired ; ho iB by A. W. Richmond from Bohara, by Bald! Chief. As tl twoi- year-old ho trotted a milo in 2 mim 66J boc, and hi3 record for a milo is 2 min.- 4iiBoc Ho is very handsouao and a beautiful mover, of, tho,. medium sizo, and has .done: duty 'at tho stiftl of one of tho greatest of tho ' American' breeders. Sylph is'abo a remarkably ?nioo'troMori' This' mare1 is by Aloxandor Vio-i itiorinjiby St.' lawrenco, is also a very promising , lnaro, and these, may, bo said to bo the pick of the bosket. One or two othois tried (heir {jaoQi^ bu^ they did not come up to those mentioned, who did a very satisfactory quarter milo in tbe run home— allowance having to bo made for thoir want at contlitidn. being recently off a voya-o. Sir. John Tait is leaving Byron Lodge, Rand, wick, which property he has sold to Mr. Sachs, ol Queensland. This, I take it, is a prolmlo to Mr. -Uit s retirement from tho turf, and after a long and _ successful career nono can blame him for seeking poaco and repose, things unknown to racing men. A wire informs ua that Mr. Savillo has loft Adelaide for .Melbourne with a string of horses comprising First Water, Savanaksi, Tho Assyrian, rroniotlions, Tho Hebrew, Footstep, Laplander ' and Delusion. Acceptances for tho Campboll Town Stccpls coaso (lasmaniajtaro due on Monday next. Horses are beginning to congregate and arrrfa S1 ?yrM-r- ^Mr- Do Mostro's lot, consisting ol laul, Jibhs, Constantino, Dagmar colt and Eoso (1 Amour, filly, arc tho first instalment, to bo followed by Gudarz, Navigator and Solitude. ' ' U also looks like .in acceptance for tho Metro, pnlitan stakes and Melbourno Cup whon I stato tbat the Queensland horso Proctor has reached Sydney in safety. ' Mr. W. Gannon has resigned the flag ak Hawkesbury and Mr. Richards has accepted thai eery onerous duty. ^J Tho following horses have boon struck out of tho Metropolitan Stakes :— Bathurst, Hector Sogenhoe, Gninoa, Master Avenol, Kal Kal, MIsS Whifllor, Silver Arrow, Tho Drummer, Vauoluse? Pride, Waterloo, Sir Joseph, Rainbow, Hilltop,'. Uwned Head, Joker, Hespor, JCettlcdrttm,' Lo=hinvar, Piracy and Nautilus. i' lue Drummer and Tattoo havo been scratched for tho Hawkesbury Handicap. T ? Mr. John Cloeland, of Phillip Island, has W his celebrated maro Flour do LiB, tho dam oi Wollaiaai, a winner of a itColbourne Cup. '/ in the action between William Lang anil H-mrS fbilhps, over tho racehorse .Pell Moll, thi former obtained a verdict for £5 only. -i On the 5th and 7th inst. tho Totalisator was again at work at the Adelaido Racing Club Moot-1 r'iLn ° S, ''£s oa tha 'wo days amounting to tBOOO. Those who invested on Knave of Dia* monds chanco for tho Grand National Steeple. ??° r^eive(1 a dividend of £78 10s. I Mr. Goo. Kiss, tho well known auctioneer, and trcasurcrotTutter.mll'sClub, in Sydnoy, died on Sunday lost. Mr. Kiss liad long been recognised in sporting circles, and was generally respected. All reports from Sydney speak highly of lha prospects of Segenhoo, particularly for tho Vic toria Derby, for which race ho is likely to 1* J reserved, and those who back him for prior tni gagements must do so at tboir own risk. If tho Murrumbidgce Turf Club has had cause? to complain of tho support accorded it for th5 past year or so, tho powor to do bo longer should bo removed by tho splendid entry which hal marked the nominations of tho present year,' The nominations for tbo Wagav Cnp, Grand' Stand Handicep and Town Platoin each instanoi exceed 50 horses, and I feel satistied thai everybody will bo pleased to observe tho relUTrt to o d times. There is also a nomination of lfl for the Steeplechase, and a couple of dozen foi tlio Hurdle Race. ' The Governor has had a. now dra' built bf Mr. Daniel White, of Swanston-Blrcot, after hi fcxcolloncy's own design. Lord Normauby rri always one of the foremost whips in tho old cou» try. 