Central Criminal Conri. Saturday, 18th November. (Before his Honour Mr. Justice Holroyd.) Mr. Chomley prosecuted for the Crown. Larceny. — Maud Allenby, a respectable- looking person, of middle age, was charged with the larceny of goods, valued at £50, from the Mutual Store. Flinders street. The prisoner pleaded not guilty, and was defended by Mr. Purves. Mrs. Allenby was engaged at £4 a week, as head of the dressmaking and mantle department, her engagement com mencing on the 1st August last. She had five shares in the company. In consequence of in formation which came to hand, Detectives Nixon and Wilson visited the defendant's j lodgings, in Fitzroy, with warrants for search j and arrest. The manager of the drapery de- » partment, Mr. Hawkes, accompanied the detectives. They found a number of dresses, \ petticoats, pairs of stays, and other articles of i clothing, in the defendant's rooms. It was i stated for the prosecution that the defendant , acknowledged having taken these articles from i the store, and expressed regret for having done ! so. The defendant was arrested on the 19th j ult., and her friends subsequently offered to pay for the goods. Some of the articles claimed she stated she had brought from London. . For the defence it was put forward that as the defendant was a shareholder, and ' it was usual to allow shareholders a month's credit, the defendant was entitled to have the articles, and would have paid for them in due time. The dresses were measured for and made specially for Mrs. Allenby by the hands, without any secrecy, and it was further stated that they were delivered at the dfendant's residence by the company's own carter. The prisoner was acquittedi Monday, 20th November. (Before his Honour Mr. Justice Holroyd.) Mr. Chomley prosecuted for the Crown. Perjury. — Lawrence Jagles, a dealer, living in Gertrude street, Fitzroy, was presented on a charge of wilful and corrupt perjury. The prisoner pleaded not guilty, and was defended by Mr. Purves. The alleged perjury consisted in the prisoner's having sworn an information to the effect that on the lGth October he was in the Belvidere hotel, arid after drinking some beer, he fell backwards, when one John Brown- hill knelt on him, and took some money from his waistcoat pocket, handing it to one James Martin, who went into the bar parlour ; ;and also that he had not played a game of billiards with Brownhill, and made a bet with him. The deposition made by Jagles stated that he was passing the hotel between 2 and 3 .in the afternoon, and Brownhill asked him to shout. He said he had only 3d., and shortly after, when Martin came up, the three of them went into the hotel to have half a pint of beer each, Brownhill also paying. When Jagles had drunk half his beer he felt giddy, and fell back. Brownhill put his knee on Jagles 's eye and nearly gouged it out, and took from his pocket several silver coins. Martin took the money into the parlour. The case was heard before Mr. Alley, P.M., at Fitzroy, on the 23rd November, and dismissed. The case for j 1 - ' 1.1 41 4- V (>4-1 rt A tne prosecutiuu was » nan nuuunui nwuu w Jagles's statements. The persons concerned, Brownhill, Martin, the publican, and the bil- liardmarker, stated, in effect, that the fallingon the ground, as alleged, was utterly false, Their version was that Jagles proposed a game of billiards with Brownhill, in the course of which he played the wrong ball. He bet 4fe. to D. that he had not, and the money was put down. On reference to the marker J agles lost the bet, and B-ownhill took up the 4s. Jagles then became angry, and scuffled with Brown hill in an efforc to get the money back, and any injuries Jagles received must have then been done. It was urge iu defence that, on account of the unsatisfactory and contradictory way in which the evidence was given for the prosecution, the Orown case could not be believed. The jury found the prisoner guilty, with a strong recommendation to mercy on tne grounds of his evident excitement at the time, and of his nationality— that of a Jew, which precluded his acquaintance with the language and law of the country. Manslaughter. — A middle-aged person, named Florence Andrews, a, widow, working as a needlewoman, was charged with the manslaughter of her infant child, on the 1st November. She pleaded not guilty, and was defended by Mr. Fisher. The defendant was in the employment of a Mrs. Stevens at Emerald Hill, and was- supposed to have been delivered of a male child on the 30th October. The body of a child was found on the 1st November in Flinders street, near the wharf. On arrest, the prisoner said the child was hers, and that it was born dead. There wds very little evidence as to the. cause of death, and b his Honour directed the jury to find the pri soner not guilty on that account. Hie prisoner was accordingly acquitted, and discharged. Tuesday, 21st November. (Before his Honour Mr. Justice Holroyd.) Mr. A. W Ghomley prosecuted on behalf of the Crown. Bigamt. — George Hector Gordon, alias Henry John Simpson, a man about fifty-four years of age, was presented for bigamy. He pleaded not guilty, and was defended by Mr. Purves. According to the case for the Crown the prisoner, under the name of Henry John Simpson, was married on the 30th No vember, 1848, at Edinburgh, Scotland, by the Rev. William Bruce, Presbyterian clergyman, to one Jane Hogg. The prisoner and his wife left for this colony on the 9th December, 1848, with the wife's brother, John Millar Hogg, and arrived here in March, 1849. The prisoner lived with his wife at Daylesford till 1S62, and had nine children. In December of the last-mentioned year the prisoner deserted his wife and family, and a warrant was issued for his arrest. On the 28th December, 1866, the prisoner was married to one Jane Rooney, a spinster, by the Rev. Michael Clarke, Primitive Metho dist minister, at the letter's residence, in David street, Fitzroy. He has bad three children by this alliance. John M. Hogg, engineer, Ballarat, deposed that he was brother-in-law of the prisoner, and was present at his marriage in Edinburgh in 1848. Knew him by a scar upon one of his thumbs. After "his desertion of nis wife and family at Dayles ford, the prisoner was not heard of till October, 1881, when witness saw him at the Melbourne Lying-in- Hospital, where he appeared to have been employed as porter or gardener since 1863. Witness had lived twenty-nine years at Daylesford. John Douglas, a labourer, stated he was a shipmate of the prisoner and his wife's. Saw them at Daylesford in 1853. ftlark Irwin, miner, Daylesford, deposed that he knew the prisoner and Mrs. Simpson between 1853 and 1861, when . they were living together at Daylesford as man and wife. Ann Allen, a married woman residing at Barry's Creek, Blackwood, deposed that she knew the same persons, at the same place, twenty years ago. They were then, living as man and wife. Mr. James, a lithographer, gave evidence that in his opinion certain signatures of " George Hector Gordon" and Henry John Simpson" were written by the same person. For the defence, the following evidence was given : — Richard Hall, a cook employed at the Criterion restaurant, Melbourne, said that in 1862 he kept a restaurant in Elizabeth street. Some time towards the end of that year the prisoner went to lodge with him. He was known by the name of Gordon. George Edmund Rayn- bird stated that in 1862 he lodged at Hall's. The prisoner was a 1 >dger there at the time. Witness lost £300 by the failure of the Provi dent Institute in that year. Thought, but was not sure, that the prisoner was at Hall's before the closing of the Provident Institute, which took place some months before Decem ber. Robert Allen, formerly a pawnbroker in Melbourne, deposed that ne came to Mel- rvtfinn nw cnin too tvln f WIUUU MJ VUD QUip ilUiU JJ1VO&UW1;) in 1854. Believed the prisoner was a fellow- passenger. A man named Gordon was on board. Had an interview with prisoner in consequence of an advertisement in the newspapers for persons who were passengers by the Monteagle. The prisoner told witness a number of incidents which occurred on board the ship during the passage, and which could only be known by some person who was on board. (The witness detailed the occurrences.) If the prisoner was net Gordon, the passenger by the Monteagle, lie was his ghost. Although witness would not, at that distance of time, like to swear positively to the prisoners identity, be had no doubt in his own mind but he was the same man who came out by the Monteagle. Mrs. Anne Maria Barbour, Mrs. Elizabeth Cook, Mrs. Ann Whatmough, and Samuel R. Peel, all of whom were passengers by the Mont eagle, gave similar evidence. Mr. Peel, who is now foreman of the Victorian Railway Carriage Works, was second steward of the vessel. None of those witnesses could positively identify the prisoner as the man Gordon, who was a passenger by the Mont eagle, but all agreed that he correctly narrated events which occurred during the passage. Mrs. Emily Harvey, late matron of the Lying-in Hospital, gave evidence that the prisoner, since 1863, bad Hved at the hespital, and that since 1866 his wife and children had resided there with him. The prisoner then made a statement to the jury to the effect that he sailed from Liver pool for this colony on the 20th April, 1854, and landed hero on the 19th J uly of that year ; that he then worked on various goldfields which he named ; came to Melbourne in July, 1862, and remained here since. Mr. Purves addressed the jury on behalf of the prisoner and the Court then adjourned till the next (this) morning, when the Crown prosecutor will reply for the Crewn, and his Honoqr will charge tne jury. Wednesday, 22nd November. (Before his Honour Mr. Justice Holroyd.) Mr. A. W. Chomley prosecuted on behalf of the Crown. Bigamy. — The trial of George Hector Gordon, alias Henry John Simpson, on a charge of bigamy, was concluded. The pri soner was charged with having, in December, 1866, married at Fitzroy one Jane Rooney, his wife, Jane Simpson, otherwise Hogg, whom he had married at Edinburgh in 1848, being still alive. The prisoner was stated to have deserted his lawful wife at Daylesford in 1862, and not to have been heard of tUl 1881, when it was <ii >co ve red that he had been employed as a gardener and porter at the Melbourne Lying- in Hospital since 1S63. The defence was that the prisoner was not Mrs. Simpson's husband, and did not arrive in this colony till 1854, whereas Simpson was stated to have landed in 1849. The jury found the prisoner guilty, and he was remanded for sentence. Indecent Offence. — Louis Waldsee, a young German, was presented for having indecently assaulted Maud Glover, a child of seven years of age, the daughter of a boot maker living in Bank street, Emerald Hill. The offence was said to have been committi d on the 15th September last, in St. Vincent Gardens South, Emerald Hill. The mother of the child gave evidence which in some material points contradicted the testimony which she ga ve at the police-court, and the child herself, on being placed in the box and questioned by his Honour, was found to be ignorant of the nature of truth and of an oath. His Honour directed the prisoner's acquittal, and a verdict of not guilty was returned. The prisoner was discharged. Attempted Criminal OffeNce. — James Mullins, a young man, was presented on a charge of having, on the 31ot October, in his own house at Ccllingwood, attempted to commit a criminal offence upon the person of a young girl, named Louisa Johnson. In a second count he was charged with a common assault. The prisoner, as alleged, was under the influence of drink at the time of the occur rence, and seized the girl, pulled her upon a couch and laehaved in an indecent manner. The jnrl resided with her mother in Lit&te; Oxford street, Collingwood. The prisoner is a married mam with a family, and was an acquaintance of the girl Johnson and her mother. The jury, at twelve minutes past 4, retired to consider their verdict. After having been in consultation an hour, they intimated that they had a difficulty in agreeing, and they were locked up till a quarter past 10 o'clock. At that hour the Sheriff attended, and as the jury had not agreed, they were dis charged. The prisoner was removed to gaol. Sentences.— -His Honour passed the follow ing sentences: — James Smith and his son, William Smith, stealing fowls, two years and seven days' imprisonment respectively; the boy at the expiration of his sentence to be sent to a reformatory. William Thompson and Henry Lease, the former stealing fifty gold rings from the shop of Mr. Slaytor, jeweller, Bridge road, Richmond, and the' latter feloniously receiving one of the rings, which he pawned : Thompson, three years' hard labour ; Lesse, two years' and a 'half. There were seven previous convictions against Thompson, and two against Lesse. The former is at present undergoing a sentence of twelve months', at the expiration of which time the sentence passed upon him yesterday will commence. 