THE HAUNTED ENGINEER. How Bessie's Ghost Warned her Maddened Lover from Shadow land. When I was a boy I had a consuming desire to oecome a railroad, enginoer. As I trudged along in tho furrow behind a plough on hot summer days no political thoughts offertilo glebe, golden hardest, or garnered sheaves filled my brain,, for every few hours long trains of cars sped their Bwift way along a line of rail road that oleft a neighbour's field diagonally, as usual. . Almost as far as tho oyo could reach I UUIUU DCU bllD grUUlf U1UUU3 UL UL'iUK UUUl*3111Ul\i; trailing in mid-air, as it were, along tho sinuous courae of the' track.' I would watch it with eager: eyo as it 'approached, gaze with boyish adoration upon the mighty train a3 it swept by me, and follow the lino of smoke until ovory vestigo of it ? had disippeared beyond the horizon of tho broad and fertile Illinois prairies. To me a Iosomotive was a tiling of life, and to be tho' master-spirit that should control the monster seemed to mo then to be tho ultimatum of existence. ??'????' - '' . .At last my heart's great desire was abont to be realised. Through tho inflnenco of a friond I secured a position as firoman: on a freight train, on tho main trunk of the Chicago and Alton railroad. I, repaired to Bloomington ?with all possible despatch to accept tho position, which I considered, however, only us a stepping stone to the one desire of my heart. Tho: next morning after my arrival I reported to the master mechanic for duty. Engine' number 128 was brought out of tlio ronnd-houso, and I was told to mount tho foot-board. I ascended the stops on thc.fireman's side, so that I could be able to get a good vie w hi my engineer us I entered the cab. .As I stepped upon tlio foot board a smiling face greeted me, and I was saluted with the words : !. Hollo, aro you the new boy that I havo got to break in?' Tho look and tone resissared me, and I stepped boldly into the cab,- and soon after entered upon my duties. I soon learned that tho namo by which my engineer was generally known was 'Scoll-y,1 but it was not until several days afterward tli»t I found his'full name to bo John Scott. But he was so genial, pleasant, jolly, and- whole- souled, that over rbpdy who knew him delighted to indulge in , tho liberty of calling him. Scotty, as a sort of peh'ntmio: ???'?'?*? * ' ;. Scotfcy and I soon became fast friends. Iwas f rank witkhim, and told him boldly whntmy am bitions wore, and as he had worked. up over the same road ho was' moro than willing to lend a helping hand to me. In a very short time, under his careful training, T acquired sufficient knowledge of tho workings of ' tho engino to drivo St myself. Days and weeks went by rapidly, and, to tell tho truth, after tho noveltv Had worn off, and I was brought face to face with the long years of weary work that lay before mo, I began to realise that thero was' about as much monotony in shovelling coal into a red-hot f urnuco oil night, as thore had been in following a plough all day. The sameness of our lives was Boldom broken except for a mo ment, sometimes, at. a station of considerable importance. There was, however, one exception to this rule. At a small .way-station there was some thing which always served to break tho monotony of tho run; for Scotty and I soon became so much interested, through a sort of brotherly feeling for him, that I, too, looked forward to that event as the only ono of pleasure during the whole trip. Tho namo of the littlo Btation was Plainview — ovidontly so named from the fact that it was situated on a small, open plateau that lay between bolts of timber; ono following tho sinuous windings of Coop's Creek on the south, and the other tho Hacoupin Creek on tho north. Vory near the dep6t stood tho large residence of a rich old fanner, upon whose land tlie station had been located, in consideration of his granting tho company the right of way through his estate. His only daughter, Bessie, was, whon Ifirst saw her, a perfect ideal of beautiful woman hood. Cheeks rosy as an apple, hair black as a raven, and eyes . bright and »parkling as diamonds, and a figure symmetrically moulded. Truly she was the bello of tho country round about, and would havo vied with the veriest queen of beauty. I soon discoverod that a strong attachment existed betwoon Scotty and Bessie. From him I learned that whon he was firing, in tho days gone by, when both were much voumrer. an innocent sort of (lirfn. tion sprang up between them, whioh had gradually riponed into lionourablo and thoroughly reoiprooated love. Every day, as we passed up, as soon as the engine Btopped, Bessie would bound up the steps, and, after planting a warm kiss of love on Scotty's lips, would seat hersolf by his side, and remain there till all tho side-tracking of cars was done, and we wero ready to proceed on our way. She always brought us a generous supply of fruit, and not infrequently cakes and othor table delicacies, as -wo had to eat our lunoh out on the run. Thus it was that Plainviow, although an insignificant place, came to have so much attraction for us hotli. And so matters continued to move on in a pretty even tonor until late in tho fall. An accident happened one ? night by which an engineer on ono of the passenger trains was killed. This occasioned some changes, and, among others, Scotty was put in chargo of Engine number 155, and ordered to take the run of the Lightning Express, which left St Louis for Chicago at 8.30 p.m. Scotty took mo with him, muoh to my delight, as tho work would bo lightor, and life not quito so droary as on a freight engino. Tho time schedule brought us to Plainviow at 9.45, and, ub onr train mado only five stoppages between St. Louis and Chicago— competition between our lino and tho Illinois Central being so vory closo — of course we did not Btop nt Plainview, and Baw no moro of Bessie at the station. Every night, however, as wo went rushing through the place at tho rate of forty miles an hour, we caught sight of a light nt an uppor window of tho old farmer's mansion, and a glimpso of a sweet faoo profsed against tho pane. A sharp shriek of tho whistlo was Scotty's signal of acknowledgment. At length, ono night wo passod up, and thore was no light at tho window, though wo oould seo that thero wns a light in tho room. ? Scottr gave his customary salute, but no response came. Again and again we passed up - on our regular ruD, and still nothing was scon of Bossio's faco nt tho window. Scotty becamo sadly worried ; for ho know that sickness ivlono would prevent Bessie from responding to his signals. On tho fourth night, as wo passed through tho station, wo noticod many peoplo moving about with lanterns, and far up the track we passed a party of a half-doion or moro. Of courao, at our rato of Bpoed wo dashed by them liko a flash, and could not diviuo tlioir mission. Soon aftor wo passed thom wo camo to tho grado, which wts vory stoop, loading from tho plateau on which the town was situated to tho bottom lands, as thoy ?wore called, through which tho Macoupin Oreok meandered on its wajr to tho ' Father of Waters' — tho majestic Mississippi. Usually ?Sjjcotty olosod tho throttle, threwtho reverse lovor up to tho centre, and allowed tho momentum of the train to carry us down the grade, 'l'ho train, wliicli was a heavy ono — consisting of baggago and'expross carp, threo coaches, and two Pullman Bleepers— usually mado our regular rato of spood over this span of road, impelled by that forco alone. But lo-uight Scotty was BO'm iugly; absent-minded j for -when wo started down' tlie grado huncglcctod to shut tho steam off. Soon wo hud attained a fearful rate of Bpeod j but it was not my place to make Bug-, gostions, and so I caught hold of the cabbraces and clung to them far dear life, for the ongine soemod to bo bounding througli tho air sovoral rods ut' a timo instead of running smoothly on' the rails. Near tho foot of tho grado was a sharp curvo, and boyond that a straight and level stretch of track for about two miles, whoa the up-grade on th' othor side of the Btroam was encountorod. My only foar was that when wo came upon tho ciirre the engino would jump . the track, and probably land us in etornity. Whon wo struck tho ourvo wo wore corUvinly running at the rate of sixty miles an hour. I was straining every norve of ovesight poering into the darkness beyond, and in following tho two linos of bright steel rails as fast as they wore revealed by tho rays of tho head-light. ' I turned to look across tho cab at Scotty for a moment. He sat thero liko a f-tatuc, one hand on the throttlo and tho oilier on tho lover of tho Westinghouso a;r-braio. Ho w»3 looking ahead along tlie track, but only in a mechanical sort of way, evidently not giving much thought to the immediato surroundings I again fixed my oyes upon the track, and just as I looked, about fifty yards ahead of tho engine, and from out of the darkness of tho inner sido of tho curve, a woman, clothed in whito, stepped upon tho track. Quicker than thought Scotty applied tho full power of tho air-brake, and, without closing the throttle, threw the rovorso lever over, and thus held tbo drivers stationary as they passed over the sandod track. But it was all in vain, for tho momentum of that ponder ous train drove tho engine on at a feariul rato of speed. I grasped the whisllo cord, and sounded thedangor-signal.buttho woman seemed oblivious to it all. Tlio full glavo of tho head light fell upon hor just for a moment before tho cruel pilot struck her, and she was crushed under tho pitiless wheels. But, O God ! what did that moment reveal to us in that cab? It was our own dear Bessie! Seeming to vealiso, when it was too late to pre vent it, the fate that awaited her, just as the full light fell upon her, she clasped her hands across horbosorn, and turned her faco toward heaven,.. as if imploring God and his good angels to' rocoivo her spiritj which' would so soon be ruthlessly sot free from the body Scotty fell upon the foot-board as one struck dead, when the full realisation of what must be the only result flashed through his brain. He was spared thohearlronding sensatiohof seeing his idol crashed beneath the grinding wheels ; but not so witli mo. As tho pilot struck her, she foil to the left, and thus I saw the mangled form as I passedover it being crushed iiito an unrecognisable mass. The. train came to a stand-still vithin threo lengths of it.-elf, and is it did. so I closed tlio throttle, and turned my attention to Scotty. . ...:.',? * ' ?'? 'He rallied in a moment, and seeming to com prehend the wholo situation, bounded out of tho cab, and ran back along the track at his utmost speed. I followed closo behind -him He met tho conductor, and without a word of explanation, snatched the lantern from his hand and sped on. A short distance from tho rear end of the train he camo to all that remained of the earthly form of her, to save whoso lifo Scotty would glndly have died. 3Iay.Godin hi3 goodness spare 'me from witnessing such a ?scene as that again in nil the days of my earthly pilgrimage. I then had somo' conception of that iigony of soul and heart whereof it- is written that drojis; of blood were sweat by.th'e' suft'ercr. In a few minutes the entire body of passengers wero standing aalnst, viewing' tho scene with dcepeompassion. The moans and sobs of poor, stricken Scotty wore truly distressing,and tho onco eweet fnco of Bessie, now revealed in tho glimmer of the lantnrn, bore an expression of such unmitigated horror that to seo it onco was to havo it haunt one to the grave. At last Scotly's first burst of grief subsided, and, rising froin where he had been knoeling beside the prono and mangled form of Bessie, ho turned to mo with a look of mute appeal in his eyes. I stopped to the front and statod in a few words who the dead girl was, and tho re lation that had existed between hor and Scotty. When this was all known, a deep groan wont out upon tho midnight stillness, which caine from hearts full of the deepest sympathy: The remains of the dead Bessie wero taken up by gentle hands and placed in a berth of the rear sleeper. Scotty remained by thom whilo I wont forward and took chargo of tho engine. Wo baefcod up to tho station, nnd were thore mot by a la -go and anxious throng, for our approach had1 been seen, and it was known that we must havo the missing girl on board, oithor dead ma .*?&.»' *u him uu^,uu uitnv rjio rruo alive, ' for it was thought that possi bly Scotty hnd scon hor and had stopped the- train, and taken her on board. At the dep6t another scono of anguish transpired. The loved one was lost. 'Dead!' was the only word uttered, and tbat was spoken with bated breath and amid sobs. Time was very precious to us now, and wo only tarried long enough for the remains to boromoved, but wnilo thero I learned that Bessie had been very sick with a fever, and, becoming delirious, sho had escaped from her watchers, and sped along the railroad track, outstripping hor pursuers, and thus had met hor death. Taking a man on board with mo' as firoman, I took tho train through the remainder of the run, without further acoidont, leaving poor sorrow-stricken Scotty with his dead. At the end of a weok ho camo back again and took his old post, but ho was padly ohanged, and appeared to bo only a wreck of his formor self. That night we ftarted out on our run, and in time camo to the town of Brighton,' where tho St. touis branch of tho Chicago, Burlington, and Q.uinoy Bailroud crosees the Chicago and Alton main line, whero wo should have come to a stop, according to railroad regu lations. But what was my surprise whon Scotty failod to ovon shut off the throttle. I spoke to him about it, and he said. : . ' I am not in any condition to run hor to night ; you tako hor and I'll fire for you.' Wo exchanged places and sped along. When we came to Plainview I saw Scotty take one long look at the house whore the signal-light of lovo used always to bo burning brightly in the win dow for him, and then ho buriod his faco against tho cushion of the window- rail of the cab. We soon camo to tho grade, and tho train went -whirling down it without a pound of steam. Presently, as wo noared the fatal curve Scotty looked up, and his oyos seemed to bo rivotted into the darkness ahead. Suddenly I saw him start, and with ono bound ho was ovor on my sido of tbo cab, and had closed tho throttlo and thrown the air-brakes on. Qhe train was eoon brought to a standstill, nnd I asked him what waB tho ocoasion of this extra ordinary proceoding. As ho looked up at mo his eyes vroro starling out of their sockets almost, and thoy had the glare of a maniac in thom. ? It all flushod upon mo in a moment. Poor Scotty had lost his mind from grief, and now, when passing, over the scone of the fearful tragody, it was again enacted in his distorted imagination. Tho horror of sponding tho iiight alo-oin the cab with a maniac camo upon mo in its full realisation. In answor-to my inquiry why he had 'stoppod the train, ho replied, withi bated breath : ,,'??? ., : / : ' Why, didn't you sco hor ? Wo'vo run over Bessie again, suro; for I paw her standing on the track just ts I jumped for tholevpr.' ' Como, como, Scotty,' I roplied ; ' Bessie is doad, and I hopo in heavon. - You did.not see hor. thore.' , - C, '. ' But she wob there,' he answered.' ,' '-' , '' ?? ' - ,'.' -J i'- 1.!,' ''-? '^ . ' But wo didn't kill hor this timo ; so go ahead.' 1 moved ou, and, much to my relief, Ecotty was porfectly rational during tho remainder of tho run. Our runs south, or from Blooming ton to St. Louis, wero mado in the oarly morn ing ; henco, of courao, ho did not imugino that ho saw Bossio as wo passed tho placo of hor death. Ho continued mo in churgo of tho engine, howovor, and said that ho should do so till his mind got clear und his nerves steady again. On our up trip tho noxt night I oxpeotod a repetition of tho former proceedings, nnd was prepared to prevent him from causing his hallucinations to intcrforo with tho running of the train. As wo approached tho curvo I saw him gazing inlontly ahead, and then I saw him start, then stop, and Btnro. into tho dark ness, and then fix his eyes seemingly upon somo objoct and watch it with intenao earnest ness, following it with his eyes till ho passed it apparently and lost sight of it. He turned to me,' his faoe all wreathed in smiles and aglow with- pleasure and snid : ' Didn't you see Bossio thon ?' 'No.; 'Why, I did. And slio looked so swcot and porfect, and puro, and happy, that tho very thought of hor as I saw her makes roe happy also. And as I passed her sho throw a kiss to mo. I wish you could hava seon hor.' 'Poor Scotty!' I mused; 'will ho over be freo from these vagaries ?' And so matters finally settled down to their old routine, and f;cotty again look chargo of his engine, and I went back to shovelling coal, after a few weoks of realisation of my boyish hopes — having chargo of nn ongino. We novor, however, passed over the curve that Seotty did not lean far out of tho cab window, and toss a kiss into what seemed to me to he empty darkness, and when he tarnod Iris fnca to me again, it was always radiant with happiness). 1 became _ deeply interestnl, and began to wonder if it wero purely imagination, after all, with him. But from the fact that I could sco nothing I nrgued that ho could not. One morning in tho following March, as we passed over the largo iron bridge- which spans the Blacoupin Creek, on our southward run, wo noticed tint tho stroain was: swollen till tho water whs, overleaping its banks, but as this had occurred; onco or twice previously we gave it no afterthought. But a deep snow lay on tho ground when the rain be^an.tho day previous, and this was melting very fast, and served materially to . augment the volume of water which was boing poured into the stream. All day long the rain fell in sheets and torrents, and the groat banks of snow woro melting liko salt. The telegraph brought in news of swollen streams all ralong the line, and as wo pulled out of East St. Louis, for this was before the construction of the bridge across tho Mississippi at that place, the last orders v,e re ceived were to run with caution. All freight trains woro. taken off the line, aud we had tho track to ourselves. At first wo were very careful coming almost to a stop upon approaching a bridge or trestle, but as we found thom all in good order wo eoon began to speed up, and run along about at our usual rate, making tho different stations about on sehedulo time. Tlie night! w as . as ? dark as it is possible to imagine, and tocrontj of rain fell in blinding dishes. The whole line of tho track seomed almost flooded. Wh-n!wo cumo to the grado leuding dovyn'to tho Slucoupin Creek 1 asked Scotty ii ho intended to ' slow, up' at the bridge 'No,' ho replied, 'that is on open iron struc ture, and- has great stono bu' tresses. It won't go down till the water is ten. feet .over tho top of tho track ' ?'? ? I mounted my seat, preparatory to the run down tho grade, during which I w as not re quired to firo any, uj no steam was used. 1 fell to musing, my eyes mechanically following tho linesof rails stretchingfur away into thodarknesa of the{ oisinal and dreary night. Unconscious of the fact, we camo upon the euryo whero Bcsie had been- killed. Suddenly the day of tho month flashed into my mind, and I remem bered thnt it was threo months to adny — yeato an hoiir -since she had met her sad fite. All this, passed through my brain in a moment. I noticed that wo wero hear the jjlaco 'where Seolty always leaned out of tho cab window to 'throw- his kiss, and j looked to seo if ho uouid open his window to-night and lean out into the drenching storm. I saw him reach for tho fash, then: stop and gazo down the lrac!- in front of us. Naturally I, too, looked in tlie same direction. My complete and iiltcr sur priec can bo better imagined than described, when I f ully comprehended what my oyes restod.upon. Thero in front of us stood ftcsio, just. as natural as I had ever seen her in earthly life, only she whs now moro beautiful, if that were, possible. Tho full glare of the head-light f ell.upon her, and she seemed to bo no1 more than one hundred feet from tho engino. Every feature and lineament of her countenance wore plainly visible On her sweot, pure face, thero i was an expression of muto appeal. In : her right hand she held a red light, which sho moved up and down, thus giving the regulation danger signal. As tho train advanrod she seemed to recede, moving swiftly up tho track with a gliding, mo tion, and always keeping tho samo'distanco ahead of the engine I looked across tho cab at Scottyi He was looking at me intently, with an expression such as I had never seen on mor tal face before. I was the! first to break tho silence. ' Do you see Bessie ?'. said I.! 'Do you ?' was his reply. 'Tcs : and sho is waving a danger signal.' 'Shall I stop tho train ?' 'Yes, at the bridge,' I replied.- That is where the trouble is.' .'? I Scotty let the train run along till within Iwo hundred yards of tho bridge,, when he applied the brakes, and'at tho distance of ono'hundrod feet from it we came, to a standstill.! BcEsio and her danger signal had continued in advance of us, and now she seemed to bo standing in tho 'portal of tho bridgo which spanned tljoswollon stream. Iho rnysrof the headlight] revon led the bridge standing in seeming security, w hilo on all sides thore was a foaming sea ol seething waters rushing madly against the omljankmont of tho railroad and undor tho bridgo. 1 '?' Shall we try to cross?' said Scotty. \ It was now my turn to be superstitious. ' Mb,' I replied ; ' it will ho certain death. Do_ you not still see Bessie standing tit tho entrance i of the bridge «ith. hor dnngor signal in hand?' -? ? ?? ? 'Yes.' ' '?' ' / Just: us ho uttered that monosyllaWo wo heard a crash, and looking quiokly ahcai, bow tho massive structurogo dashing into tl'o foam ing torrer t below.' ' / But neither. Bessie nor her light we thoro when we looked again. Sho had performed her mission. 8ho had come back- fron/ tho other world to save her lover's life'. / # : ? ???; #.'.' « ????#? /# ? years have passed by since tl»t momorablo year of my apprenticeship, but/the events of those few short months are in/elibly stamped upon tho tablets of my momor/ I am now at liberty to revoal thom to thojforld, for Pcotty has erossod that silvor brirco called Death, which spans from mortal lift to lifo iinmorlal. and who shall say that Je ard his belovod Bessie are not again united in that purer, holier, and far moro blosiod oxiatonco which we all hope to find amorc the Islands of tho Blessed, in the Bummer ifind of Eternal Lovo ! ItmAN L. Palmiik. Hapa, August, 1882; / A iadt, recently m/rriod, was detailing to the girl sho wished ioth servant the advantages of tho place. ? Tho w-rk is very easy. There aro but two of us, aid wo have no ohildren.' 'Oh, madam,' oriodihe girl, 'I pray you lull not inconvenience ydirsolt on my account. I adoro children.' / An Iowa paper tdls of two lovers who woro permanently soparycod by tho interposition of u 'fold cloud of rfohsin.' Being. freoly in] or- proted this meansprobobly that they wero not kindred souls, nio circumstance rocalls tho instance of a /omautio young ? lady who had a very /mo head (' of '- hair. - Oiio evening', when /her affiuncod stood gazing vory inquititii/ly!''ut ' it in ? the '? midnight, Blie faid, -witA muoh 'ifedlin'g; A'John, aro you thinking /hat oivh.*ono of these 'hairs is like a goldoniord binding you to happiness ?' 'AV oil, no,' h/ nnsworod mechanically, 'Iwas thinking'whi/ a nice mosquito net they would maW| /«::' tn ?.'..- ;,, ? -? * ? . 