COUNTRY NEWS. COUNTRY LETTERS. [Correspondents are particularly requested to send their letters in time to reach us on Wednesday evening.] COLTON. March 20. Ibe third celebration of St. Patrick's Day in the Township of Colton took place on Wednesday, 15th inBtant instead of the usual 17th. The morning was ushered in by a beautiful breeze from the sea. As there were races ih another part of the district a large gathering was not expected. Mr. Kenny erected a large tent to accommodate 100 guests. The grounds were deoorated with a large amount of bunting, and the Harp and Shamrock floated to the breeze. By 11 o'clock horsemen and buggies began' to arrive from the neighbouring townships, and at 1 o'clock there were not less than 200 men with a large mixture of the gentler sex present. After lunch had been partaken of, Messrs. Kenny, Scot, Bramfula, and Jones (Waterloo Bay), and the local hainessmaker, opened the sports, wnich took place, as followsMaiden foot race, 100 yards, J. Bos comb, 16s.; W. Boscomb, 10s. Standing high jump, J. Barry, 10s.; W. Boscomb, Ss. Boy's race, Willy May, 7s. 6d.; Harris, 5s.; M. OXoughlln, &. 6a. Champion race, 200 yards, Wm. Beard, £2; John Hay, £i. Bunning nigh jump, John Barry, 5 feet 8 inches; John Hogg 6 feet 2 inches; John May. 5 feet 1 inch. A tug-of-war, £210s., ten men aside; lasted full ten minutes, neither side pulling the other more than a foot over the mark. It was thought that this would be a drawn game when one ridegave way more through sore hands than from want of strength. Horse race for a silver lever watch, J. D, ■ Dolly lBt, H. Comlil 2nd; an excellent race. Trotting match, prize, a patent saddle girth, a present from the saddler, Boscomb 1st. Third race, a bridle; six horses started, Boscomb 1st. Tilting match; ten horses started on a circular course, Bigs first three rings, Barnes second (three rings; .a most enjoy able race. >As the sun dipped into the sea the guests began to muster around the dinner .table. On taking the chair, Mr. Kenny gave them a very , hearty welcome. Mr. Lewis then-proposed, "The Host snd.Hostess.", said he had never heard their names mentioned but with respect, and he hoped the com pany present would not easily forget that day's entertainment. Mr. Kenny returned' thanks in happy terms. Mr. William Barns, in proposing "Tne Town and Trade of Colton." said every man was under an obligation to Mr. Kenny for Ins un tiring perseverance in encouraging tradesmen to the district. Songs and recitations helped to pass away two or three hours, after which the young people began to move towards the ballroom, when Irish jigs, Scotch hornpipe, English reels, and some round dances were;kept£up till clear morning, when the Mesdames Kenny had a breakfast of cold, meats prepared, to which ample justice was done, after which the remaining guests turned homewards, well satisfied with their enjoyable outing MOUNT RAT, WAURALTA, Y. P., March 27. The weather is still dry. Bain lis sorely needed. Our only supply is from the wells which the Government bought lately, and from the con stant drain upon them from teamsters bringing tanks from a radius of twenty miles in different directions, they are not likely to last much longer. At present teams are to be seen by scores standing waiting their turns for six and twelve honrs at a Btretch. In fact there is nothing else doing at present. Farming work is getting very backward. A- general store is badly needed here. BORDER TOWN, March 27. Rice's Surprise Party performed here three nights, ending Saturday, to large audiences. Rice's tricks ghost-walking, and mind-reading were especially good. The scrub mail, which should have arrived here at 10 p.m. on Sunday, did not come in till 6 to night, through the mailboy meeting with an acci dent. PORT VICTOR, March 27. Friday was a terrible day for bush fires, no less than three having invaded the settled districts, and but for the energetic exertions of a large number of men who fought the fire against fearful odds all day long with the thermometer at 100' in the shade ana a violent wind blowing, the whole district would have been swept by the flames. As it is, beyond some fencing and all the feed there was, the damage was not great. Messis. T. Baaham, P. Ferrier, and others, have lost a good deal of valuable feed. \- WILMINGTON, March 24. Fhrmers are now busily occupied with seeding operations, and a good area of country around here will be under cultivation next season. Scores of farmers; carters, and others are feeling the effects of the great scarcity of feed for tbeir stock, and chaffed hay commands a high price. The roads suffer in consequence of the drought also, and are very mnch cut up in places, although the traffic this season has been greatly reduced on account of the failure of crops. NURIOOTPA, March 25. Mr. John Basedow is just about completing a very substantial and pretty building for the National Bank, which will be quite an ornament to the township and credit to all concerned. This is the third good and substantial improvement added to our township of late, the other two being a first class bridge erected by the Central Road Board aud Post and Telegraph Office by the Government. Our next most important want is the re-erection of the Nuriootpa mill destroyed by fire some time ago. UNIVERSITY BLOCK March 25. Since my last communication we have had|a tew showers of rain, which were very welcome, but the weather has again become hot and sultry. The country is dry and parched, the waterholes being nearly all dried up. A large qnantity of goods are being conveyed to this place from Kingston, amounting to some 200 tons during the last two weeks, and the railway authorities have been kept busy giving delivery. . Several fires have been raging in the scrub near this township, one of which would have done damage were it not for the timely intervention of several volunteers, who hastened to the scene, and prevented its spread. The first service held here was conducted by the Bev. T. Hopwood (Church of England) on Sunday last in a building lent for the occasion, and was well attended. j PORT WAKEFIELD. . j The weather is extremely oppressive—north wind ] strong and hot. All the wells in the district are besieged day and night by teams and tanks. Our District Conncil wells—five in number—are yielding abont 8,000 gallons per day, but are insufficient. Teams have to wait many honrs to get their turn. Mr. Brooks and Mr. Dellow are generously giving the use of their wells, and many are obtaining water from Mr. Meirett's wells. PORT ELLIOTT, March 25. Yesterday was the most unpleasant day we have had during the summer. The neat, which had been Increasing in intensity from Wednesday, seemed to have reached the climax.- In addition to a fierce hot wind, which blew up clouds of dust—a most un usual thing for Port Elliot—large bush fires seemed to be blazing all round, enveloping the entire neighbourhood In smoke. They continued burning more or less all night. This morning they appear to he dying out. The wind has changed, and is now blowing delightfully cool. LUCINDALE, March 22. An accident happened to-Mr. John Bourne, a selector here, by which it is almost a miracle that he did not get killed. On going home after the races, Hie night being dark, he mistook the track and fell into a deep dry well belonging to the Presbyterian Church, and was unable to get. out until next morning. A scaffold pole at the bottom broke his fall, and no donbt saved his life, hut he is still confined to his bed, being very much bruised. SALISBURY, March 28. On Thursday, March 28. the children attending the Salisbury public school, with their parents ana friends, assembled at the school, when the Dupils entertained the company with recitations and songs. A three days' examination by the teachers in all tne compulsory subjects having taken place, the result was reported to be very eatisfacforyjuid upwards of j sixty prizes were awarded. Mr. Richard Verco, J.P. (Chairman of the Board of Advice) occupied the i chair, and Btated that it had been arranged for Mr. Swann, J.P., to preside over the meeting on this occasion, hut he regretted to inform them that he badbeen taken suddenly ill. Mr. Wittber reported that the attendance of the dn'Hiwi had been ; good,'the only drawback being ophthalmia, from ' which about twenty were suffering. One hundred and ninety-seven children had eceived instruction i during the past twelve months. About £40 raised by subscription among the friends of th school to defray all the expenses of the prises, train, and provisions for the children. • MEADOWS March 28. The drought seems quite broken up, splendid rains having fallen Ml day. People are thankful, as water ana feed were getting to be scarce com modities around this neighbourhood. EDEN VALLEY, March 28. Eev. E. Vaughan, Baptist minister, who has been officiating in that capacity here for the last three and a ban years, has left us, and accented a call to the Baptist Church at Deloraine, in Tasmania. Mnch regret is felt at his leaving the district, where he has been doing good work. It is to be hoped that another minister will shortly fill-the vacancy. The cricket match played here on March IS, between the Eden Valley and Angaston'Clnbs, was won by Eden Valley with 23 runs to spare, Mitchell 19, W. Tucker 14, and 8. Pinson (capt.) 10 not out being the principal scorers for Eden Valley—total 57-Angaston, 84. Decided by first innings. Eden Valley went in a second time, whenJ.! Miilyord, B. Mitchell, and C. Groth scored heavily, ™.jring a total of 101 for the innings. SALISBUBY, March 29. A few showers of rain fell last evening and also to-day, with every appearance of more being- at hand, which will provB very acceptable, as the farmers want to be astir again with the plough. We have sent away a lame quantity of fine fruit from this locality during the season, showing very clearly that; with a system of Irrigation the fiats of the little Para would give enormous returns. As a sort of trial step to a general system,1 the authorities would do well to build a dam at the little Para Gorge, which would not involve a very heavy ex penditure. On Friday last a special train was engaged to take the children of the public school on a trip to the Semaphore, and the young folks, with scores of older friends, had a grand day at the Beaside. Re freshments were abundantly provided, and the water being smooth short trips were taken in the. steam-launches. DELAMEBE, March 28. If, as the almanacs assert, autumn begins o the 22nd March, then have some recent days trans ferred their allegiance and proved themselves to be disloyal subjects. For five consecutive days the heat was very great. Thursday and Friday last were especially so, since we were both baked and roasted oy day and stowed by night. Like Satan spitting at the son, when cast headlong from above, summer has been spitefully spitting fire and brim stone at us in parting anger. Saturday was black and cloudy, threatening thunder; Sunday was wild, cold, and boisterous; and yesterday was very oppres sively hot, the evening pressing close, the southern and western sky streaked with angry colours, like the gleam of a tiger's eyes. Leaving for the moment this subject, I return to that of the local school. Fresh tenders have been invited for altera tions and repairs, but I fear that if carried out as intended they will give general dissatisfaction. The department had the land and the building free of cost, it having been given to them by the people who built it; and now they, the department, instead of providing a residence for a teacher, even a " lean to," which would cost but little, are going to partition off nearly half of the schoolroom for that purpose. The children will then be "cabined, cribbed, con fined" in a space much too small, whilst the teacher will have scarcely elbow room to turn classes in, much less a necessary space for desk or table. The space left for school purposes will be crammed with children's desks and forms. Apropos of this, during the high winds of Sunday an entire arch of stone over one of the windows fell in a heap on the ground. Had any of the children been sitting under it, which they often do in the shade, some ol them might have been seriously injured. The whole place sadly wants repair, but if the present intention of curtail ing the space be persisted in, the result will be " a beggarly amount of empty boxes," so far as attend ance goes. Ana now for the weather again. During last night it rained almost continuously, though lightly, and again until 12 o'clock noon, and the clouds are now hanging-about threatening more. The change did not come with a thunderstorm, as I expected. It is now getting quite cold. QUORN, March 27. Tlie weather during the last few days has been hot and sultry, with occasional duststorms to break the monotony. To-day has been most disagreeably dusty and oppressively warm. A man, whose name I have not been able to ascer. tain, broke his leg while larking at a boarding house here last night, through falling. He was sent to the Port Augusta Hospital to-day. Most of the farmere are ploughing and scarifying their land, but many of them do not know how they are going to get seed. If anything is going to be done in the way of assisting distressed farmers to seed their land it will have to be soon: if there is much more delay I fear it will be too late. I have heard some express a wish that the Government would grant them long leases with right of pur chase, instead of their holding their selections under the present land system. The new reservoir is fast approaching completion, and it is to be hoped that it will be finished before heavy rains come. MONGOLATA, March 2S. Great satisfaction is expressed at the action the Government has taken with reference to the water supply for the district. According to the specifica tions we are to be supplied with a dam 361 feet long by 100 feet, ana to throw back 15 feet of water, so that there is some hope of the heavy expense in water-carting being lessened another year. Tilling operations are progressing as speedily as possible under the circumstances; a few farmers are sowing, and the rest commence m a few days. A great deal of the land this year will be scarified, as on account of the loose nature of the soil ploughing will be unnecessary. The wild dogs are still trouble some, hut they cannot do a great deal of damage until the rain, when the sheep will be hack in tt paddocks. AMYTON, March 21. Writing from this, the centre of a most distressed part of the Northern Areas, I do not think it right to let the opportunity pass without saying that the selectors around here were very glad to see by the Observer of the 26th that the lhatter of the " seed wheat fond" is coming somewhat in a business-like form before the public. It is very much to be hoped that whatever aid is given will be given quickly. If not it will come too late, and seeding time will have passed away without one-half of this hundred having any seed in the ground. Several of the residents ot this district have filled in the application forms for seed, and forwarded them to Mr. Mugg, bat have had no definite answer np to -the present, and are anxiously waiting for a favourable reply. The Hon. John Colton paid us a visit, and pre sided at a semi-religio- political meeting here last Wednesday. The meeting was largely attended. Mr. Colton spoke at some length on the present dis tress in the North, but he aid not commit himself to any particular line of action in reference to it. The weather is still as usual in the'North—i.e., hot, dry, and dusty, with no appearance of rain. Water-carting in all its plentitude is still going on. The rattle -of tanks is perpetually heard over the dry and sandy roads. . A very brilliant meteor was visible here, and shot across the heavens from east to west, on last Tues day night, about 8 o'clock. It lit np the whole place for about two and a half minutes. KOOLUNGA, March 27. We are still having very dry weather with frequent .appearances of a change, hut to no avail, ana it is becoming & somewhat seriens matter for some of us. The farmers are almost at a standstill for want of rain. Many of them in the Hundreds of Boucaut and Eveiara are doing nothing else bat carting water. A magnificent meteor was seen here last evening about 8 o'clock. At the first sight of tt it was like a large ball of bine fire, and tt gradually got lighter as tt descended towards the south at a very slow pace. It was the first one seen here for some time. The Wesleyans are about to lose their much, respected pastor, Mr. Blight, who has been trans ferred to Hawker. During Mr. Blight's stay among us he has made a great many friends. A valedictory' supper will be held prior to his departure. \- There are a number of > clearing-out sales amongst the fanners around us, hut I am glad to say there are very few, if any, in the hundred of Koolunga. BEDHIIX, March 29. On Monday evening, March 27, the trustees of the Wesleyan Church, with a few friends, met at the residence of Mr. J: C. Torr to say gooa-bye to Mr. James Holland, who is leaving to take charge of a business in Victoria. After ample justice had been done to the good things provided, Mr. H. Treloar, on behalf of the trustees, presented Mr. Holland [ with a handsome gold locket bearing a suitable in scription. Several present spoke of the sterling worth of the recipient, and the readiness with which he entered into any work for the public good, and especially in assisting in any musical entertain ments, and wished him god- speed and every success in his new sphere of labour. The farewell dinner to Mr. W. J. Reynolds, who for many years past has been the proprietor of the Redbill Hotel, was given at the "Eureka Hotel on Tuesday, March 88. About fifty sat down to dinner, Mr. P. Rowland being in the chair, supported on the right by the guest and on the left by Mr. C. G. Adey, J.P. Mr G. F. Claridge, J.P., proposed " The Ministry and Parliament <3 South Australia," saying that credit was fine to the former for the efforts they were to remit rent to the dis tressed farmers, and thai they were to be praised for the firm si —J they had taken in refusing to supple ment mr i.eys collected to boy seed wheat for the .distressed farmers, though great influence had been brought to bear upon them in an opposite decision. He, however, thought the Government should act as. landlord and assist its needy tenants without appealing to fhepublio at aU. Mr. Sutherland re ponded. The Chairman proposed "The Guest of the Evening," and expressed the .wish that wherever heresided he would nave the respectof his neigh bours as he had at Redhill- and greater success than he had ever experienced here. The toast was received with acclamation and drunk with musical honours. Amongst the many who testified to the esteem in which Mr. Reynolds was held were Mr. C. G. Adey, J.P., G. F. Claridge, J.P., Mr. Sutherland, Mr. Biyden, Mr. F. Miller, Mr. P. Meyer, Mr. Parkinson, and Mr. G. Stock ham. Mr. Reynolds feelingly responded, and thanked the various speakers for the many good things they had said of 'him, and for the assistance he had always received from them. The Intervals between the different toasts were enlivened by the melodious strains of the brass band, and by songs from Messrs. Pro vis, Sutherland, Button, Newton, and Holland. WIRBABARA, March 28. The Rev. J. Hancock, jun., Bible Christian minister, who has been-appointea to the Gladstone Circuit, preached his farewell sermon on Sunday evening, taking for his text Matthew xxiii., 87. The congregation was not large, bat marked attention was paid to the discourse, which was very impres sive. The rev. gentleman's removal from this Circuit is much regretted, and our Gladstone friends are to be congratulated upon having secured the services of such an accomplished preacher. Willie Steele, the Loyal Scotch Temperance Min strel, gave an entertainment on Tuesday evening last at the Appila West Schoolhouse. Mr. J. . Milne, J.F., presided. The room was well filled. ' and Willie's efforts as a minstrel for the "Good Temperance cause" were enthusiastically received. The trustees of the cemetery have called for tenders for the erection of a fence aronnd the re serve allotted for burial purposes. Very little time is to be lost in having the work completed, it being essentially necessary. OBROROO, March 23. St. Patrick's Branch of the Hibernian Australasian Catholic Benefit Society celebrated their third annual picnic on St. Patrick's Day, March 17. The sports ■were held in Mr. John Hennessy's paddock, adjoin ing the township. In the morning the Rev. M. Kennedy celebrated Mass in the Orroroo Institute, after which a procession was formed, and a start made for the grounds. This will be the last occasion on whim Mass will be celebrated in the Institute on St. Patrick's Day, our esteemed and respected late Pastor, Rev. B. Nevin having recently purchased a very neat chapel for the Roman Catholics of the district, which formerly belonged to one of the other denominations. The attendance was not so large _ as on former occasions. The proceeds of the picnic—about £30— are to be devoted to paying off the debt on the Society's banner. A ball was held in the Institute Hall, where dancing was kept up until " clear day. light in the morning." The committee feel very gratefnl to. those persons who so kindly assisted them in carrying out their programme of sports, and also to those who so generously contributed special prizes for the occasion, prominent amongst whom is Mr. W. J. Cummins, who generously contributed a cup, value £6 6s. It is only due to Mr. Cummins to add that he is always to the fore in any and every national or philanthropic movement in the district. The tradespeople with one ex ception gave their employes a half- holiday for this occasion. Subjoined is a list of events:— One hundred and fifty yards maidens, 16s., M. O'Loughlin; 7s. 6d., O. Fitzgerald. One hundred yards hoys' race, 10s., Pagan; 5s., Copley. One hundred and fifty yards handicap, first event for Champion Cup, value £6 5s.; second prize set of studs by Messrs. Laurent! & Basedow, value 30s.; third 10s. 0d.; W. Reschke 1st, W. Searle 2nd, R. Sullivan 8rd- One hundred yards ladies* race, pair of earrings presented by Mrs. C. M. Davis, Miss Blunstan; value of second prize divided between Miss Galvin and Miss O'Reilly, who twice ran adead heat. Three jumps, special, by Mr. C. M. Davis, £1 is., James Sheridan (32 feet); 5s., Q. Seal. Two hundred and twenty yards handicap (second event for Cup), W. Reschke, 1st: w. Searle, 2nd; Puliation. 3rd. This event decided in favour of Reschke for the Cup; Searle second, Fullarton and Sullivan dividing third prize. One hundred and fifty yards handicap, for men over forty years, first prize, gallon of Irish whisky (the gift of Mr. M. Cummins), divided between Messrs. T. Sheridan and J. Daly, after twice running a dead heat; 2 lb. of tobacco, A. Healy; box of snuff, W. Mannion. Running high jump, set of studs (pre sented by Paddy the Hawker), T. Kinnane (42 feet); 7s. 6d., G. Seal. One hundred and fifty yards mem bers' race, one event, cup value £5 5s. (the gift ol Mr. TV. J. Cummins); set of gold studs, G. Seal; malacca riding crop, N, Travers. Two hundred and fifty yards handicap hurdles, pair E.S. boots, made to measure (the gift of Mr. R. Kitson), W. Searle; pair shoes made to measure (the gift of Mr. H. Walker), G. Fitzgerald. Putting the 56-lb. weight, 15s., G. Seal (15 ft. 4 in.); 7s. 6dL, J. Sheridan. of 440 yards or four miles; 10s., J. Seal. After the thirteenth lap the other competitors began to fall out, finally leaving the contest between the two latter athletes. Three-legged ^race, 16s., Seal "and Constable; 7s. 6d., W. and J. Hennessy. Tilting match, bridle valne £1, the gift of Mr. M. Duffy, won by T. Hackett; pair of spurs, value 10s., by the same donor, J. Sheridan. This concluded the day's snorts, and at 6 o'clock a start was made for home, all seeming highly pleased with the day's eqjoyment. DUBLIN, March 28. We are experiencing a cool change, with a little rain. It is to he hoped that we snail have a-good downpour to atop the water carting, which is general all over this district. A few farmers have commenced seeding, and it will scon be general. SNOWTOWN, March 28. A few welcome showers have fallen, but there is no indication of what is mdcih wanted—a heavy downpour. Much inconvenience iB felt through onr only having two mails 'per week now. It has been mooted that the Postmaster-General has arranged with two parties to take and bring from Blyth a mail the four days the train does not run, but I cannot find that this is correct. Certainly overtures have been made, but I do not find that the parties concerned are willing to do it at the price offered. The days that the train will ran—until rain foils sufficiently to resume regular traffic—have been altered. In future a train will leave here on Monday and Thursday mornings, returning from KnJina. on Wednesday land Saturday evenings. I am glad to say that the necesiary plant for deep boring for fresh water here has arrived, and the. men are actively employed getting the machinery erected, so that I hope I may do able to report very shortly the striking of a rich snpply of good water. The site fixed upon is an excellent one, bring quite central and dose to the main north road to Red hill, and almost opposite to Messrs. Young & Co.'s . fiouimilL We are losing onr medical man, who is going to Clarendon. There will be an excellent opening for an enterprising and duly qualified medical gentle man. In spite of hard times buildings are still going up, and others are being projected. The English, Scottish, and A.C. Bank, I hear, intend to build a substantial stone structure shortly, as also the South Anstra.llii.Ti Bulk. The Catholic Church is approaching completion, and the contractor says it will be finished within the contract time. Attention has been already called to the gene rosity of onr local millers by the WdUaroo Times in giving away each week upwards of 30,000 gallons of stock water to the fanners; and indeed too much cannot be said in commendation of such benevo lence, as" in many hands it would be made quite a market of, and it is quite a boon and relief to many poor formers. 