[?] . \ londoin, may a. xuo unitea otates ttovernment, having received intelligence that the. assassins of Lord Cavendish 'aiid Mr! Bqrkd 'jvere on board:/ one of .'the ptoamore, .of the Cunard, line, ..-has, despatched a cutter from Now York to intercept and board tho vessel be fore she feachpB.that harboiiiS ; ! .. ; "j. ' movement ' is on . , f opt . ' pinqngsf .' .the members', of. both Houses: ofJParA' liament to erect a monument, to. 'the' memory; of Mr.- Burke apd'1 Lord Cavendish. . i ; , .. -.,-,--,.-1>La3!Er. : Ten arrests were made at Liverpool .by the police thiB evening; in eonnec- , t-iop. with the murders of Lord. F: Cav'enish and Mr. Burke; The' inen were on board, the'Egypt; which was about to sail for America. ;' Mr. Tr'evolyan, the newly-appoihtod Chief Secretary for Ireland, has. been re-elected: without opposition. : , .The match between the Australian Eleven and Oxford University was concluded this afternoon. The Aus-, traliane won by niuo wickets.' - :l The Conservatives in; tho House of Commons denounce the alleged .com pact between .Mr, Gladstone and Mr. Parnoll . as infamous. degrading. Mri-Gladstone denies tho existence of any such compact, but Mr. . Fostef! produced- letters which :Bustaindd;- 'the Btatenieut made. ' ! ' OAIfiO.MAYiiy. Aqtingi under ;the ladvice.nof the Consuls-General of ' England-; and France,, the. Khedive has patched' up whhf;,ie'. believed will prove only, a temporary arrangement with his Ministers. ' ' r SYDNEY, Thursday. The. Rev.. Dr. Cani will be conse crated. Bishop ;!pf -Rbckhdmpton on Sunday next af 'Bt. .Mary'e'-Cathedra,' by ArchbisbbpYaugban. . . , .MELBOURNE, Thursday.; j A diabolical attempt , 'to;blow iiji tho stables of M!r. Colson; omnibuB pro prietor, Prab'ran,-- was 'mode about 1 o'clock this morning. A torrifie ex: plosion took place in the building in which tho omnibuses -and other vehi cles aro placed, aiid'o driver just dis mounting from the box of an omnibus wob knocked down senseless. A quantity of dynamite had boon placed in tho contra of, .the, building. Tho. damage is. estimated at' botwoon ESOO' 'and £-100. Tho dotobtivoa hiivo ob tained information liltoly to load to tho arrost of the! perpotrators of tho act; Mr. John 'TYnrron, an insolvont prodiico morchant of Geolohg, was arrested last night on the ground that ho was about to loavo tho colony. Tho Assembly was occupied up to refroshmont hour in irrelevant, dis orderly and ' unimportant. discussion concurring tho . managomont of tho Corrandorrk Aboriginal Station and various motions lor adjournment, j . : V;.'- , "Hands alt. Round." — Tho now national 1 song, by Tennyson, will bo sung on noxt Wodnosdoy night in. _ the Town HaQ, Ruthofglbn, by tho ohoir of St. Stophsn's Chnwh. ' ' "'j ; i 5 FOOT Race,— A m:itch batweon-J. Thbm-- Soa hu'd'T. "Monn'ghiin caina off -l!;'iV.Satuc-i day af tornobn! oil tlio Corowa . oriokgp- (.'round. Tlio distanoo was 100 yards, aiid Thomson won very easily. Timo, I2sec. inspector of .nuisanobb jaltd' stiauoh-j- l 'rsu TCabd.— Tlio Shire Couo'oil of Rutlier- -qlon - invito. "applications ""for "Abo -abo'vo" oflloo, to bo sent in up to noon on June 4, Salary por annum to bo Btatcd. Mb.Fbanois.— Woloarn rfitlijatisfnotiau. . "Eliiit Mr ."Francis wiS'reportod iii Thursday's Argus to bo recovering from, his laq , indis- 'position.' ' Ho is, however, ordered td abstain from public business for somo days. Ubana Races.— Tbb' Dpniliquin ,-Joekby Ciiib'iiftor their lost mbeijiog disqnalifled, | Mr." C. Cox, and his g. g. . Phnntpfly fot ono year, and , his jookey Thompson, for 'throb ydars! i The stewards . of-,, tho Urataa Annual lRacca» which .take placo on' tho Qubbh's birthday , havo ondorsod this decision, ; " ThhWahounyah Bbid'ob.— Itwill bo scon by . on advortisoment' in andthor- qbluma that a,', spooial gonorat mooting /of'sharo' holders in tho Wahgnnynh Murray Bridgpi Company is convened for ths Srd'iJnnb'- ; next' at ; Scott's Hotel to take Into considera tion a proposal from tho Govornmont iof Now South Wales to purchase tho bridge. The liisitor or Gounnuii'bj— ' Th'ABishop. of Goulburn, . who, during his1 Visit 'to' ;0or6wa, was tho ghost of '.tho Ro'VI'H, E. Thompson; went 'awqy to- Melbohriio by- tliomid-dny train from "WahguhyRh yos- terday. His Lordship was escortod the station by the Vicar mid the etidichwardons of SL' John's and sbvorai othor parishioners. .RuriiEnoLEN Sports.— Preparations are now completed, and the committoo only nwsit . " Queen's weather " .to , onsnro a most successful day's snort. Thp handi caps' hpptfat 'in "mtoth'er colu'mn.' Tho booth yrss sold by auction Jast Tapsday; and railiae<i A8 XCs'., Efielpuihliisor -being 3Ir. Edwin Lords. t , ; . , ( '' Borouou Rates, rutdebalen. — The Town Clork of this Borough- reminds rate payers that arrears of rates must, bo. paid up before Jano 10. at tho risk of ncinsloa. from the borongh rolls for 1882. The collector will -attend at the ' Shire Office' doily from 10 to 4'to rocelvo rntesrfdrsbvon days immediatbly proooding tha 10th proximo. - ! Concerts by the Bund.— A - public mooting Is called for to-morrow afternoon, at 4 o'clock, in tho School of Arts, ia con-, noction with the abovo.' It is intonded to form a committoo for tha sals of tickets, etc., and to tuko such othor stops as may bo considered necessary to ImakQ'tbo re sults of tlio entertainments finanoially suc cessful. ... . . Tiis Border lirasp Band.— Tlio Boydcr Brora Bind marched through CorbWa on Tuesday night nbout nino o'clock- at iho head of ths Fire Brigade .with lighted torches. Tho noroity of tho passing masio and the , blazing torches attracted -rnach. attpnllon in tho town. The band will- ac company tho brigado to Molbourno on Monday noxt, to tako part in tho torchlight' procosBion and assist ia tha Demonstration, Street Ft anting. — Tlio Minister 8'. Agriculture has directed tbo cantor of tho Mount Macodon Stato Niirspry to famish nny local bodies who may npply for thom with an nssortmsnt of, troos for planting in stroota nnd public rosorvos. No ohnrgo will bo made for thoBO troos, nnd ns thoro is a considerable stock avail able, the requirements of tho mumoipaiitios of tho colony may bo .conveniently 'and oxpoditiously supplied. ' " : - Govebniient Railways.— A. supplomont to last Friday's N.S.W. Gazotto. publishes tho rates and tolls ohargbablb oh tho Croat Southern, Woatarn nnd Richmond Railways rospedtivoly from and dftor' tlio l'Btli inst. The faros from Sydnoy to Albiiry are 76s., fir3tclnB9; 52s, second alnss ; oxoursionrates ' 01s. nnd'02s. return, The height of tho lino in foot abovo the sea lovol is shown in a marginal column on tho timo table for the Groaii Southern Liho-'from' whfoh it-appears that the' greatest- elevation is ifoaohed at tho Broadodbano station at 149 milosfro'm Sydney, namely 228Q feet. " Mail fboic . Coeowa to Cabnsdale, Tho following lotter has beon handed to ps , for- publication " Genoral 'Post OiBco,!- Sydney Oth'May 1882. ' Sir— Adverting to the interview which yon. had with-.- mo, on- itho- 27th ultimo, -I cm dirooted byi tho - Post-master General to inform "you ' that .tquders have.boon invited for tho convoy, ance of mailsibetwoon Oorowa and Garns- dale via Hopofiold sahool, Tyrone school, nnd-. Oil Troo or- Kentucky etation from the 1st July next.— I have etc.- (sighed) S. H. Lambtan, Soorotary.— L. Loinn Esqi,' M.P., Sydnoy." ' ' A<5h,'JpHN;sCnuBon.— 1 Tho"6iBh'op'aactivo'- exertions nnd Btirring appeals to ohureh. ! mon in.Corowji have happily « sorowod tho!, courage ' of tho "Baildlqg Comriittoo "to , tho sticking placo"— or rathor urged thom-, beyond tho point at. which thoy stuck., The now chnneol or oxtbhsion of the church will now bo undertaken at onoo— a rauob. nooded improvement. It is only right, however, to state that tho Rov. A. D. AoookB, Yioar of Albnry, oxortod himBOlf vory aohyoly to tho siimo. end, anff' ft /may bosaidfhat.he was mainly instrnmontal in ' sbonring.thp npsistahoq 'of thb 'gnarah't'oifa" mthout whom ho' j. farther progress 'oould htiyo been mado', Ruthebolen Mining Meus.— An 'atmls- pnero of unusual nativity has snrroundbd' mining, affairs, at Ruthprglen during, the past fortnjght; /jSoyoral j now /com- panics havo oithor bson floatod 'or "are nbont to'be put upon thb lharket., ond we hear of a rise in the .prioo of Groat Eastern; shares to '17s'. 6d; Applications ,fnr mimngi leases,' too, i are numerous, (and nil tho known auriferous ground in' tho neighbourhood ,oA Euthorglon is beihg: rapidly,- takon .up. Itis .rumoured thato MoBsrs. Molutyro Bros,' haVo disposed of, ttmir intorost in tho Eovival Claim! Treasure iHUi, to' a; company, receiving thorefor a aum .in roady caeh nnd nri' intoro&t;, iQ paid-up ebarGB.- PObt OVitoe "at BipLAPosio Cbeek.— 1 .m - havobogArequdstcd to ,givo publioity nm „fo'lomnS I8"® (-" General Post Sydnoy. May. ,12, 882. Sir— Ro-, fornug to tlio petition presented by vou' from Messrs. James B. Kendal, H. B, Wright, Ci Walsh, and othor residonts of Clear Hilla. Gponnmbil and neighbourhood, ', for tho patabhBhmont of a Post Offlco nt Mr. Thomas Hogan's Hotel, on thb .BUla- bon iCrook I am directed, by- tho Pof mastor-Goneral to inform you that it has ' ?«CC, to eetobliBh n recoiving offlco nt tho plnco in question, to bo called Goonambil, on tho 22nd inst.— I havo ii!TUS n' t lr' ly-onr mo8fc ehodiont j Tills FIIIE BRIGADE DiMoNSTit ATrfiM l3ho Corowa toarn held their final -praotioo last Wednesday night, and consider thorn- selves well prepared to uphold, and ndd to Tno prnotico tlmee both for tbo eight nnd twolvo-mon ovonts, bnvo_ boon much faster than any of -tho previous winning times, and, with tlio usual "bar acculont," there is no doubt that tho representative teams - will! occupy a very prominent position in tlio contests for which thoy havo entered. Tho ongino will loayp for Molbourno on Saturdav and tho men wiU folloiv.'oii. Monday. Wo'hopo ; that on thoir return thoir will ho nn exist- ing ; cause i for a local demonstration eimllni' teoni SydnoaW t0d 0U \ TubA7aiigitktaii Bridge.— Tho follow ing lottor has boon handed , to ns "'(or'- pablicfttions — " Dopartmont' of Public Worka,1'. Sydooy» Oth May;Vjl832. Sir—, Boforring to your lottor of tl»Q':28th ult.>, ariftfprdrions correspondonce on tho subject ©r tWpurchaso for tho uso of-.tti©>ublic of 'thpvWaligunyah Bridge, I am'direot'Ca tcr Yoqucsfc that you will havo tho goodness to obtain from tho company nn offor in writing;, of thoic willinpnGa to Roll thp( bridgd oh 6Hdtormb propoa ih yout-'lbtWiV sothat thoy . may be -duly oonsideradt-and - tho question of the joint purchaso by tlio Governmonts of New South,;TiValos and/yioy. torin brought to nn early oloso, I hnre tho honorta .bo, . Sir, -your -obocliont«fl0ryanb John Bab. L, Lovin, Eeq., M.P.''— ttr.jfIiyqo4 'M.P.;?in|roply to ppquiries has "Wo undorritdn'd, bson informed officially' to tho same o£fcot.i Tbo, Bridgo, directors will hold n mooting on tho 3rd proximo. ,fCo»DitfesALTffiiCHARi».-Tl(otoil6WfWBriiocHon0 havo boon rcgl-itofod ia-tho Corowa Land Offlco A— At Ball ?P)aln«$; R.vE. 'Yonogj; acros, and Georgo ,8t. , lauroaco. ',100 wrop. At Barrijgiia i Chriatophijr Foil 103 aoroa,' and' Johti Foy 60'aoroa, AtGranvillo: Bank olfNonr South Wales 40 acres, (And at DoqiaoD.:, E. P.'Larqider 00 aoroflq - / j ; Gnowir Linos Sal.— The following lots of Crown land waro sold by pabllo auction hy thq . Crown Lands Agent, nt tho Corowa Land Offlco, on Wednesday last;— Lot A,". portion ,79, S?0 oorcs. 'as purchased by William Hay at S5s. an acros and T't'B.giortioa 03, 232 noTos "S roods 'lO -tiOrdhes at 4 Od. sn acro. Tho upset prlco in.oach coso'.1 BEcsirsns or SoiLPS-— Wo-hara bcan reqnoatcd to notify that the. following addition has been mado to tho list of goutloman appointed to rocolvoft and'frrant'MrUicatos for, scalps V-rGoorgo Anstoy, nddroifl, Hondlay,'. Albnry ; rosldonoo, ' Haudloy , Booth, ilahongvjidnys and hoyrs , of /attGodanco, Saturday, 28th May, and ovcry alternate . Saturday > at'Ba.rai'" r';'" ' ' :U' j 