Notes of the JVUnth. THE tendency towards liturgical worship ?which seems to characterise some of the Presbyterian denominations of the present day receives striking illustration from the following extract, which is taken from an American serial called The Christian at Work. What makes the article quoted in the extract more remarkable is the fact that the Dr. Hopkins spoken of is a Presbyterian minister of some note in America, who, not very many \errs ago, in a sermon preached before the General Assembly of ins denomination, declared of the 'Episcopal Church that 'it has- a Popish liturgy and an imbecile pulpit.' But the fact of the Church's rapid growth has, it seems, proved too strong for Dr. Hopkin's theories, and we welcome his change of front as an encouraging sign of the times. ' It is probable' (we read) 'that liturgical — not ritualistic — worship will ultimately prevail and take the place of the lifeless forms of our barren non Episcopal Church Services. That it will prevail ultimately, and to a large extent during the coming century, an intelligent observer ot tne tena or puouc opinion will scarcely venture to doubt ; and it is one of the signs of the times, and a very favourable sign, that a distinguished professor in a Presbyterian seminary should write an article which should be printed in the chief organ of Presbyterian thought and scholarship in thiB country, taking the Presbyterian Church to task for its barren services, and pleading for a liturgy by which the devout worshipper might be allowed to take part in the worship, and not sit bolt-upright, stock- still, and dumb as an oyster, during the entire service, save when a singable hymn is sung to a ainerable tune, a circumstance which does not occur as often as it . might, and which goes but little 'way towards relieving the cold silence- worship of our non-episcopal churches. The article in question is written by Professor Samuel M. Hopkins, D.D., of Auburn Theological Seminary, and is printed in the January issue of the Presbyterian Review. After picturing the character of the customary services in Presbyterian churches, consisting of a pair of prayers, three hymns, the sermon, and benediction, Dr. Hopkins says : — ' Through all this the congregation sit mute. .They have not even the poor Methodist liberty of relieving their minds by a ' Hallelujah,' or a ' Bless the Lord.' Neither they who sit in the room of the learned, or of the unlearned, say 'Amen' to the prayer. The Ten Commandments, or as alternate to them, the Beatitudes, are seldom or never read. The Creed is never recited. No voice responds, 'Lord, have mercy upon us, and incline our hearts to keep this law.' No loud acclaim resounds ' Glory be to the Father, and to the Son, and to the Holy Ghost.' With a close imitation of the Romish method, the UlllPIl tbllU. UJ1U p-LXOOU llc&VO; JJOXXUJ.AX1CU VXkV VV1XU1O OilllllUlU JJOiLV \JL \ilXO public worship. It certainly ought not to surprise us under such conditions, that a very large number of the children of Presby terian families, and many of the cultivated and tasteful of our members, have sought a more cheerful, more varied, more sympathetic service in another communion. There is not a Presbyterian pastor in the land but can testify to such loases. The Anglican Church has been largely recruited from our ranks. There are many thousands in the Church at present who have been drawn away merely by the superior attractions of its cultus. Certainly they have not been enticed by the greater impressiveness or eloquence of the pulpit ? The tracks are all one way. Look through any circle of your own which one, two, or more lambs have strayed into the Bishop's fold ? It is very largely due to this fact that of all the sects in the United States, the Anglican is growing the most rapidly at the present time. It is forming new congregations and organising new dioceses with extraordinary rapidity. On the other hand, the Presbyterian Church is almost stationary. It requires a close calculation to show that she is even holding her own. ... To make the preaching of the Gospel consist exclusively in the delivery of sermons, is the fatal mistake of Presbyterianism. All appropriate worship of God through Jesus Christ is the preaching of the Gospel. Devotional singing is setting forth the praises of Christ as our Prophet, Priest, and King. The Apostles' and Nicene Creeds are full of the Gospel. In the Lord's Supper, Christ is set forth evidently crucified for us. There is more of Christ in the Te Dewm and the Litany alone than is commonly found in two entire Presbyterian services. If we imagine that we have a monopoly of the exhibi tion of Christ as the sinner's only friend and refuge, we are labouring under a profound mistake. All these services — con- fession, supplication and thanksgiving, creed, psalm, and sacrament — are preaching the Gospel ; and to ears attuned to them, and hearts in sympathy, are preaching it with a tender ness, a pathos, a power which is not so often found in the elaborate Sunday morning sermon.'' T)Y the death of Mr. Grice the Church has lost her moat. -*-' liberal benefactor and one of her most valuable sons. We have no means of ascertaining the extent of his generosity, and can only notice certain of his acts of which we have been informed by those who happened to know of them. In 1855, when the present Dean was, in consequence of the late Bishop's absence in England, left in charge of the diocese, he conceived it necessary, as it was impossible to supply the bush and gold field with regular ministrations, to send out a missionary to carry the gospel message from place to place, and he wrote to different members of the Church, asking them to contribute towards raising £400 for this purpose. Mr. Grice sent £20 in response to this request ; and some time after, meeting the Dean acci dentally, he asked if the amount had been made up, and being told that £140 was still wanted, he desired the Dean to send out the missionary at once, as he would give the balance. Thus the whole Church collectively gave to this object £240, and he gave £160. Not very long after this he met the Dean coming out of a meeting in St. Peter's schoolroom, and put a cheque into his hands. The Dean asked what he was to do with it, and the answer was — 'Anything you like. I only ask that it should be spent within the year, and that none of it shall be given to building.' The cheque was for £1000. At this moment there are forty -three readers, ministering on an average to three congregations each, and fifty-six clergymen, labour ing in their respective districts, the result of the missionary effort stimulated by this unsolicited gifb. In 1858 the late Bishop made an appeal to the Church in the colony for help to home missions, and Mr. Grice sent his Lordship £500, which he increased in the following year to £1000, and from that time to 1870 he gave yearly a similar sum, which was reduced from 1871 to £500 a-year. At the very time he was giving £1000 a year to the general wants of the Church he gave an equal sum to St. Mark's, which had been built at an enormous cost, and the same to St. Peter's, in which parish he resided. We have not been able to ascertain how long this annual gift was continued — probably for six years— but that to St. Mark'a n/vnf.iTmo/1 fr\v» +.Tiii»f.aar» -f.ill +.Tia tvlinla riaVif. ?nraanai/1 TTia rrTirwia gifts to the Church cannot have been much under £40,000. Mr. Grice very rarely attended public meetings or sat on com mittees, but though he was not a member of the Council of the Diocese,, for many years that Council would have had little to do in the way of free grants, if it had not been for hia liberality ; for the subscriptions from the whole remainder of the Church often were little above £1500. Of his private life we can only say that he was a blameless man. In all the con troversies and recriminations which attach not only to our public but to our commercial, pastoral, and ecclesiastical life, no stone was ever cast at him. It has been said of some that they Do good by stealth and blush to find it fame, but he had no occasion to blush, for he never was famous. Isolated individuals, drawn from various parts of the British Islands, form the Anglian -Church in Victoria, and perhaps the most striking.^eyid'ence-.'of'ithe. want of cohesion among its members is the fact that this. -universal benefactor was rarely talked about, and was to many actually unknown by name. No doubt his sober-minded modesty greatly contributed to this. Had he withheld his name curiosity would have been excited to find out the unknown .donor;, but the simplicity with which he acted stimulated no earthly passion, and gratitude for gifts ha.-vina mfirfilir a rfilimniiH nharantfir was Tint — nfirh&nn; is nnfi — a very high principle within us. His mode of giving to St. Mark's is illustrative of the simplicity of his unostentatious character. He was treasurer, and all the committee knew was that each year the debt was one thousand pounds less than it had been the year before. Our prayers should go up for the Church which has lost such a friend, and for the widow and family, that the blessing of Him who has said, 'Give and it shall be given unto you,' may rest upon their heads. HRHE following letter has been received by the Bishop of Mel -*- bourne, who has permitted its publication in our columns i — ' Temporary offices, Duchy of Cornwall office, 1 Buckingham Gate, London, S.W. — Royal College of Music, 5th October, 1882\. — My Lord — I am desired by the Prince of Wales to express to you his hope that he may be favoured with your interest and co-operation in endeavouring to make the value of the Royal College of Music known to the people in your Lord ship's diocese. His Royal Highness's desire in founding the college has been to meet the wide-spread want of a national musical institution in which the nation should have confidence, and which should be able to give a thorough and complete course of instruction in music without forcing students to go to any of the conservatories on the continent, as they now do. The main requisite for this is the endowment of free scholar . ships, enabling the student to remain at the college during the lengthened period necessary, for complete education. In young and vigorous countries like the Australian colonies original genius is more frequent than in older nations, and will more often show itself in exuberant form amongst the lowest classes than it does with us. Hence it is the hope of His Royal High ness that the advantages of his college may often be claimed by the boys and girls of Victoria. But in order to provide the endowment requisite for this a large sum of money is necessary for which there is little hope of any Government grant. His Royal Highness looks to the wealth and known generosity of the great colonists in all matters benefiting their own colony for considerable support in this direction. A good beginning has been made by the Hon. W. J. Clarke, who has founded a scholarship for the south province of Victoria, and by Sir Thomas Elder, who has done the same for South Australia, and His Royal Highness hopes that many others may be found to follow their example, and thus provide a means of education for many a young Australian genius. A sum exceeding £100,000 has been already subscribed ; but to carry out the endowment of scholarships as His Royal Highness contemplates, nearly three times that amount is wanted. Subscriptions may be given (1) to the general purposes of the undertaking, as Sir Samuel Wilson's £1000 and Sir Daniel Cooper's £500 ; or (2) to the foundation of open scholarships (£2500 each), like Miss Courtenay's and Sir Erasmus Wilson's ; or (3) to the foundation of close scholarships restricted to inhabitants of a city like Melbourne or the whole colony, or a part of it, like Mr. Clarke's South Province scholarship. For the above and other particulars I refer your Lordship to the enclosed paper and to the pamphlets which I send by this post.— George Grove, director of the Royal College of Music. — The Right Reverend James Moorhouse, D.D., Lord Bishop of Melbourne, Victoria.' U/B learn from the Church of England Record that on Saturday, ' * the 21st ult., the Vicar-General of Sydney sent a cablegram to the Bishop of Dover, informing him of his election to be Bishop of Sydney, Metropolitan of New South Wales, and ; Primate of Australia ; and that on the 24th he received a reply ; to the effect that Bishop Parry regretted that he could not possibly accept the office. The See, therefore, remains vacant, and the proceedings in connection with the election of a bishop will have to be taken de novo. Nothing can be done, therefore, before the meeting of the Synod of Sydney, which cannot be held sooner than the second week in January, 1883. WE are glad to record the arrival of Mr. Pyne, the new head master of the Melbourne Grammar School. Mr. E. E. Morris goes home to England at the beginning of the year, but will not remain long at home, having had the choice offered him of two appointments in the colonies — the professorship of English Literature in the Adelaide University, and the newly created professorship of Modern Literature in the University of Melbourne, and having elected to accept the latter. WE have been requested by the Ladies' Visiting Committee of the Reformatory-school, Coburg, to draw attention to the fact that there are still several girls ready for service, for ?whom it iB desired to find situations in Christian homes in country districts. Forms of application and all particulars can be obtained from the secretary, Industrial and Reformatory Schools office, King-street, Melbourne. WE cannot better express the sentiments entertained by Churchmen generally to the late Archbishop of Canterbury than by quoting the following extract given in the Argus of 12th December, from a sermon preached by the Bishop of Melbourne on the previous Sunday: — ' We have lost recently a father and a great man in the Church of God. God left him with us for a long time to fill the greatest and highest office in the Church, but now he is taken away. Those who were nearest and dearest to him went before, and for years the world must have been to him a strange sojourning place in his pilgrimage to the Father. The 'most remarkable qualities of this great man were the activity and simplicity of his mind, his clearness of vision, and his plainness of speech. He was gifted in a remarkable degree with the power of influencing and leading men, and he got this power, not from his scholarship or statesmanship, for he was eminent both as a scholar and a statesman, but from his pre eminent goodness and power of sympathy, and from the simplicity and singleness and boldness of his piety. In this he resembled a little child, for he was ever ready to come forward and say simply and boldly anything he believed, and his reasons for believing it. In the pulpit or on the platform, in the House of Lords or in the Hall of Convocation, in the book or the magazine, there was always the same directness and candour of speech, the same unbaring of motive and meaning. Archibald Campbell Tait honoured his Saviour, and his Sav.iour honoured , himi . Herein lay the secret of this subtle power of influencing his fellows — of inspiring them with hope, and leading and stimulating them to action. Many others of the leaders of the Church of God have passed away — Pusey, the devoted priest ,* Stanley, the critic and. historian ; Clark Maxwell, the devout man of science. One feels that they who are now passing into middle life are left to give guidance to the Church, and it is a solemn thing to think that these form the reserve guard of the faith, charged with the responsibility of speaking the word that shall point the way to success or to calamity.' 