BALL A HAT. (from our own correspondent. ) 22ad Juno. I suppose it to be posaiblo that there are people in Sandhurst who are sufficiently well versed in miuiug technology to know what "priming" is. Well, the Egerton Co-npany's stolen specimens were for priming; and, as I told you by-wire, they turned out 343 ozs.; so the robbers' haul, could they have got off with it, would have been worth more than the originally guessed valuo of £1,000. It was rumored, in fact, that tho office was "good" for several thousand pounds' worth of priming if the thieves did but know how to work off the prize. This does not appear to be true; but I believe it is true that there is any quantity of good priming below, in the form of a very rich portion of the lode, which is used for the steadying of the yields. The bag of specimens just crushed will probably make the fortnight's battery total a very respectable one. Ic was always the policy of the New North Clunea Company, during its years of prime success, to prime the yields regularly, anil hence the steady balance kept, and the good effect on tho market value of the company's stock. It goes without saying that the New North Clunes and Egerton Companies are not very rare birds in our auriferous earth. At least, not in the priming sense. A rarer bird is a ghost which has been seen and heard about the Victoria United Company's works, but which is now said to belaid. He laid himself in fact, or somebody speaking as ghosc says so, and sayB ho ouly played the ghost to show what fools ho could make of his fellow miners on the claim. Great crowds began to muster o' nights to see, and, if possible, catch the ghost, and a gun was fired one night, the 'discharge haying, as I fancy, a very rationalising effect upon tho playful ghost. Mr. Brophy, M.LA., has been very loudly and even lyrically objected to by the Alfred Hall crowd, and. now Mr. Brophy, councillor for the south ward of the city, is objected to. He sat in his usual place at the last meetiug of the council, and a man write3 to tho Courier in an indignant frame of mind, and urges that as thecouncilconseutedtosit with Mr. Brophy with out taking bim to task for his Qrattan address sedition, the councillors should be called to account as participes eriminin. Dan is not an absolute fool, and I believe him to have more sense and good nature than some of his accusers, and so it is possible his shadow may not grow much less, buc it is probablo all the same that his stupidity in signing so stupidly couched a paper as the Grattan address will cost him his seat in Ballarnt East. The Protestant blood is up, sir, and British loyalists generally are quito sick of the Irish nuisance. Two of our invalided citizens, Dean Moore, and Mr. Sergeant, of tho Band and Albion Consols, have gone through your more genial air to Echuca, pending the- odder weeks on our bleaker height of over 400 feet more than your level. It is very cold here now, and we ap proach the snow month of July. Several old chums swear the weather is colder than it used to be, but I faucy it is not colder weather that is the matter, but people who are older than they used to be, Colder—older, the words are not very dissimilar; and my theory is that, meteorologically, they explain each other. There is to bo a littlo ceremony over the laying of the foundation stono of the new Com mercial Club-houee, and it is to happen in a few days hence. There is good wine at the George opposite, The new building will be half way between the George and tho lock-up, which may or may not be regardable as providential,though I do not lay any stress on the coincidence. The School of Mines lectures are drawing immensely, as thoy deserve, no doubt. Tho Rev. T. E. Ick's coral lecture last night is said to be very informing aud entertaining, and it is a fact that all the people who went to hear ciuld not get into tho place. But then there is nothing to pay, and the result shows that all that is cheap is not held to bo nasty. 