Horsemanship. Hor8emati«hip"is scarcely "the correct - term to fepply to an exto^iiuiarj j»r-v formance reported -by,; * Hungarian contemporary ; deermanahip would probably be- the: more appropriate word. ;; The other day, while a noble stag of 10 was being hotly chased by the H&poszt;&smegyerer; hounds:—a subscription pack—one Karl Poros, a discharged hussar, managed to bring the terrified animal - to • standstill, in some ci".se cover through which it was forcing its way, and, by an almost superhuman effort of strength and Agility, to vault upon its bade. Aftar several desperate but nnftnccemfal attempts to dislodge its rider from his salit, tbe stag, stimulated anew to flight by the cry of the fast-approaching bonnds, resumed its course, but it soon broke down under, the weight of its unaccastomed harden, and gave np tbe ghost through sheer exhaustion and terror. Poroa—at least so the storj goes—was found by the huntsmen sitting cm the nnwounded carcase of the stag, which he had literally ridden to death, and-resolutely claimed as the just reward of an , achievement unprecedented in the annals of the chase. Db Ttmm* XKttiBB.—A Pure Tea, deBdous and . \- - A Sheffield money-lending firm has ust gained £2 at the loss of two human 7 lives. Some time back a poor file hardener, 75 years old, gave these financiers a bill of sale for £5. More than half the amount, with interest, ' had been paid off, when the debtor, reduced to abject poverty by ill-health and growing infirmity, could not- keep. up the instalment^. Thereupon his goods J were seized and sold, a process which so afflicted the aged wife that she there , and then took to. her bed and died: Heart-broken by the loss of his help- : mate, the. old man followed lier within ; a few hoars, the two - actually .dying on . the same day. It is only charitable to assume that the holders of the bill of sale are deeply sorry that such tragic" consequences- should have resulted from its peremptory enforcement. A man was recently sued before Hia Honor Judge Cope for payment of ,a newspaper subscription, when the fr'l-.. Lowing dialogae . took plaee t —- Baa , honor: " Do jm owe the money ?? . Defendant: M No, your honor.", His- , honor. " Bow is that 2" Defendant t " Well yow honor,, the bay nsed to . leave it at the door, but I nevef-ordered * it." gis honor: " Did yon read it V Defendant: " Of course I did, your honor." His honor: " If a baker left a loaf of bread at your door,, and yon took it in and ate it, would yon pay for that?" Defendant: : Gertaiiily, your : honor;..but that is a different thing.". His honor: " Not at all... You wii.^ the loaf, and you devour the newspaper* " •Verdict for amount, with costs. .»-,'. v -f;t/ . • IBjcicbs.—A Pure Tm, i '^'A'^gibtrate was sitting fc! . when there entered lire. SmHh, ^ wif»;' bosroes8,8he said, " W4l, yoiw IwpT^gyimow. te^V^ I ^MNl 60). siiid aBi. extrenjdf . - He ia one of ray be& teapnts,.; and'l shall .nvsahuu. very much ind.eed." Y^* said I f c r s r a b a d i jab.' Jdbn k geMfc wire enough.IJ ,*- aqgpMMt, w m . .^^f?" 1 --. He's a w»3Hler and- wants" somebody tertl^^TMnd STS OOWS Rnd ; l I'm sure when Jahn^is gone, shs^t w«at eMM^Midy to talk about ihe ; weather «n4 T %B croj»» so, pfe^e yoOT Hcmor, Wve m^^onr minds to lie married when JahnVt g^ne,'' Thetnafpstrate sud he did not altagsther dieappmve of second rnarriages, bnt he thooght it was mort k)4eoent of Mrs. Smith to be talking. «bP9t marking again NEore her first husband had gone, more especially suoh n good nuin as John was, Becertamly could not approve of snoh B thing,, bnt he wished to know why she had iniaaoed him of tlie fact. " Well, please your honor," replied Mrs. Smith, tbW-Jahfc what I begwun todo,^ndhe- he» a trflt or terrible about it, and' he do. say that if I ever marries Farmer Jackson, hell haunt me. Now, please jour Honor, i do want to know if i qoa «wear the "psayoe again 'un Z n It was only the other day we noticed, the death of Mr. John Jameson, the celebrated Irish whisky distiller. Wa have now to reoord tue death of Mr> FraiMMS Wise, the celebrated distiller in : Cork. 1 He has left property behind him to the twue of £3,000,000 v fvaft it is believed, hate made no will—^t any rate, no such document has as yet been found. Should it be ascertained beyond doubt that no will has been made, his huge personal property will devolve in equal shares, one to Mr. Francis Wise L«w v of Kiljlstene, ooiraty Tipperary, and the-" othor- to the Gnbbius family, as the issua of his deceased sisters, Mrs. Low anA Mrs. Gubhins. Mr. Wise lived in an, inexpensive and unostentatious and while he was most generous (taring his-lifetime to lus relatives and friends* and also gare freely 'and ftftea manificiently- to -purposes • oouneoted with religion and charity, the aocamulation.of his savings must have been enormous^ and it would,, .therefore, be no wonder that the statw;-ef his affairs will prove, that he was the wealthiest man in Ire-, land, find equalled in this reepeot by only a very lew in England or Scotland. Robert Robson, a woodman at Hexham, over 60 years of age; has established, in the Court- of Chancery t hia right to funds which have been in the custody of the oourt for lj3& years, and are said to amount qaw to nearly £250,000. In the early part of last century a brother of Rnbson's grandfather havinjr married an heiress, a Misa Walker, of Corbridge, went t® Manchester, where lie .began business as a wine and spirit merchant. This lady died without having had issue, as,also did another another lady to whom her husband was subsequently married. The widower was murdered by " some person or peroons unknown," and his property, then laiye, went into the Court of Chaaooy; where it ha^. reojianed until pow. -TM Taarao Hnm-4 n(Mhb(i 