TALES AND SKETCHES. ' THE HEAD WAITER. Br F. W. ROBINSON. Author of "quannmothku's Monht," "No Ouvnoii," "Poor Humanity," "Coward Conscience," &o.;, &c.; Chai'kku IL— " Wedded Bliss." Ttiis was in tho wiuter timo. I wont to a doctor's— on tho quiet this. And totally un- ktiowu to Josslo — and ho hoard my story find said slie wanted change of air and change of scene. Ho would havo boon glad to s to my wifo for hiiusalf, but there was littlo doubt that sho had boon over worked, and that tho dulucsB her lifo was telling on hor not a littlo. "Givo her clmngo," hn said, and this was only what I knew before, although it was worth a guinea to nrovo how very right I was. I went homo ana proposed that sho and tho sorvant, and oven littlo Jessio, should go down to tho sea- sido. " What in this cold woathor? Not I" " Thcro are warm places, I boliovc. Tor quay — Vontnor — Bournemouth." > "Oil, shut up," shocriod. " I shan't CO. I should bo worno there tlinn hcronhdmoro alono," ' 11 Is tlioro not anything you would liko to ' do ? " I asked in despair. "Yea— I think sometimes I should liko to go to the Apollo with you," sho said thought- fully. "Good gracious I" "What's tho matter now !" "Did you say tho Apollo— with mo?!' "Yos, I did, sho answored, "Thoro'B nuisio and I am foud of music — thoro'a singing wd I lovo singing. You havo mado mo laugh uiany times at what tho comic ma naays auaVdooa— 'Audsomotiiuos, I fauoy, not always inilidyou, that I should liko to go." "It is not fit for you," . "Why not?" "It is not quite fit for any young woman, I faucy." "Young women go, I 8Upi>OBO?" i " Oh, yes ! thoy go," " You 11 bo near mo— you could put mo horo I should bo safe," alio said almost scolliucly, "and thcro aro respeotablo people about" "Yea— a fair sprinkling ot thoni »mo- times." ? "Well, put roo near thorn— and away from all tho fast oncs.iV "Ye— es, you may bo suro I should do that." "I have never said a word about going to any amusement whilst Jossio was a boly I havo slaved on and said uothing. Htvo'ut I?" ' "You havo, Jossio." . "And now tho littlo ouo sloops 'ml tho evening, and wo havo some cue to look aftor her if sno should wake, you might take mo with you sometimes. Once a wook, Bay— just for a clmngo, "she criod, "just to koep tho devil from mo!" ' "Oh! Jessie— what is tho matter? What are you hiding from me?" ' "Nothing at all. "Oil your honor?" " She seemed to hesitato, or olso I was strangely suspicious that night. "Ou my honor," sho said tho instant after wards, "only I am too dull— always alono hero. And the music hall would amuse mo now and then." "I don't think it would." "And I should como back always wifehyou," she continued. "It would bo so nice and com fortable at timos, Lot mo try it, Jacob? What could I say ? Slie had been recom- inendod change, and sho had asked for change whero I was, where I could soo her, and tako care of her, if it wero uoceosary. Acl bIw was ill, and almost weary of hor lifo, and I could oiily say "Yes." "That old Durnford always was a fool,' thoy Baid at tho A;>ollo whou I took Jossio tbero for tho first timo, and I think thoy were not far out in this matter. Thoy did not know how helpless I was, and how hard my wifo had begged for some little dis traction from the dull and tanoly lifo against which sho had hardly uttered a oomplaint from our roarriago day to this tiuio,Thoy did "not comprehend my" reasons," i was not called upon to givo thcto any reasons, and I did not. But I might havo been a fool lor all this — I think so now, though at my wit's end to know what I! could have dono instead of this. Hero at least was a mistako, though I was only a waiter, and Jessie a waiter's wife. Wo should not havo had any fine feelings to bo wouuded ortrifled with, being humble folk and noitherl of us with a thought above our station— but perhaps we had for all that. Chapter III.— The Apollo. Tho Apollo was not a music hall of tlie first- class, although the outertainmont provided for its patrous was very much liko tho anuso- ineuts at establishments in tnoro fashionable thoroughfares. It had its lion-eomiquw, its Florriea, Jennies, nnd Tutbies in their viva cious songs and ballads, its weedy, ssody tenors, its sword swallowers and acrobats, its man with tho woodon dolls, its black hngor and his banjo, and its " duologists" — ail the same, weary, never- ending programme latent to East as West. I boliovo tho listeninffnight aftor night to. these peoplo for whom U had no love, and for whoso taleuts I bad, cot a sorap of admiration, had tended to soften my brain with its terrible monotony. 1 hal had twenty yoars of it— fancy twonty yoars. of in- cessunt lion coniiques, and all tho tag-rig of tho profession in their rear, aud then Wondoi that I was not a wise man. 1 Why, the visitors wero not wiso, mudi loss tho man who waited on thorn. I demised them in my heart, a fow of thom I .htod. I know them all by sight; thoy came twi:o or thrice a week— God knows for what 1— and sat With blonred oyes and opon mouths, a vacuous, beerdrinkmg, tobacco smoking sang, who roared with laughter at tho weakest jokos and applauded with all their might the Silliost of antics. I was a Timon of Athens in their midat, but thoy wore not aware <f it. I had disliked my vocation, ' aud the ieoplo by whom I was ; sur rounded for many yoars without uttorhg a complaint, until Jessie came to takehorpart in this life with me, and then my hatred and my horror camo rapidly to tho front, and it ,wao uot an easy task to hide 'my feelings. Hi had had a hope' that Jessie would bo quickly tirod of. the Apollo— quickly "sick of it." Thcro , was an instinctive good taste in her which would rovolt— I was suro di it— against the vulgarities and buffooneries of tho singers ; she would have satisfied hor ouriosity quickly, and seen tho charms of home again by very contrast with this artificial world. I was mistaken, it was one more of tho many mistakes of my life, and I did not tin- demtaud Jossio so well as I could havo wished; and thoro wore moro sides to hor character than it was in my powor to dis cover. I was no judgo of character— of woman's I was especially ignorant. Well) I had only ouo to lovo, and work for, and think about besides my littlo girl— what wuuuur ii women were enigmas to mo: l might hove uudorstood Jessie, you may think, at least, but I did not. I only thought I did. Jessio found Homo amusement in the singers and dnncors at the Apollo— it was a now oxistonco, nnd tho novelty of it nil had a strange effect upon hor. Sue was an oxcitablo littlo woman, with whom oxcitomcnt Boomed to agree; hor despondent fits passed away; sho waB Bulging about the house again, only her songs wore the hideons ditties ot tho night beforo — she workod hard throughout tho day, she did not in any way nogloct hor child, she was more affectionate to hor ; and yet tho ex periment of change was hardly satisfactory. I was very glad that she was bettor in health, but I should have liked hor loss at the Apollo. She was a quiet, demuro, lady enough thero, but pooplo looked at hor, and wondorod at her, and, of course, tho chairman aftor n while, and ouo or two of tho gentleman of tho orchestra — oh ! they were protty gontlcmcn, poor fellows 1 — exchanged a fow passing civilities as she bo- camo kilown to thom by sight, known to thom by'licarsay,' as old Durnford's wife. I had nothing to bo jealous about. Jessie wus amiable and' pleasant, and hor manners wore not tho mannors of many of tho women at those placos; sho lmd acivil onswor to a civil question, and an honest smilo for thoso frionds she mado by dogroos, and who smilbd honostly at hor. Still 1 was eecrotly unhappy, jealous of anyone who , spoke to hor, or loblcod at hor, a nd sho made friends, as I havo said. Now and then, it happened that a stranger would address hor— a man witlian oxtra dogreo of impudonco in him. or on extra glassof spirits —but ho was generally put in his placo, and told to mind his own businoss by Jessio. My young wifo was vain probably, but bIio did not Heek for tho attentions or admiration of the strangor, and no ouo hod a word to say agamst hor for a long whilo. I a long whilo only — tho slandor camo in its tune, and tho suspicions followed, and thoro wm no |>caco of mind for mo from that day, I , couldan old duffer liko Durnford oxpoot who his young and protty wifo to tho Apollo! Oh ! tho grand chorus of "I told you so," that I had to liston to and ouduro Ono ovoning I had bcon oxtra buBy at tha Apollo ; it had boon Mr Wheoxy's bouoflt, aud thcro wore oxtra attractions, and a host of Whoocy's bibulous frionds to support thorn and Wheezy— nud tho placo was crowdod in ovorv holo aud cornor. I had had somo diiliculty in keeping a placo for Jessio, and presently alia was almost lost to my night by tho tnou and women who hemmed hnr round with the caum stools wo had boon compollod to bring in to accommodate our numorous pnrtonH, I had no timo to speak to my wifo that ovoning I was content to glanco at her now and tLcn when passing by. It was closo upon nino o'clock whon I met hor in tho lobby boyond tho swing glass door which led iuto tho, hall. Hor foco was vorv pale, and hor byes wero filled with team. ' "JobbIo, what's tho mattor ?" "Nothing— I'm going home — that's all," ' "lias— has anybody offondod you ?" I on. quired "Has anything boon said on tho atago "Don't bo ridiouloua, Jacob," aho criod pitcously ; "nothing's tho mabtor, only I don't fool vory woll, nnd tho place is vory hot, and I thought I should faint." "You look liko a ghost," I said, "or as if you had scon ono." "What do you moan by that ?" sho asked ho sharply that I went back a stop or two in dis may at her violonco. "I don't moan anything but that you aro vorypalo," Ioxplainod. "Yes, I darosay I am," alio 'said, "I— I bought you wore throwing off at mo. Good night. I am going straight homo." "Don't sit up for ino, I shall bo lata to-night with this confoundod benofit." "I'm afraid you will, No— I shall not atop . up." "And " But sho did not want to hoAr any farther in structions; sho hurried away liko a womoa eagor for fresh air, and I wont slowly down the lobby, thinking of hor, Tho swing-glass door was opened auddonly, as I approooliod it, and it was only by a sido-wiso movomont that I escapod collisioiCwitlia gontloman who camo striding from tho hall. "Hero, you sir ; which way has alio gone?" ho asked of mo peremptorily , "Which way has who gouo ?" "Jossio— I mean tho lady who came out just now," ho said. "You must havo passed her." I turned faint and ill myself, I think— for I lost si'Iit of this man for a momont, and tho lights m tho lobby lookod to mo liko liazy moons, struggling to skino through a thick mist. "You idint— don't you understand?" tho man said, pnssionutely. " Do you know tho lndy ?" I asked,' slowly. "|What tho devil's business is that of yours?" " Tho <?oviP8 business— ah! vory likoly it is," I answored, thoughtfully, nnd tho man starod at mo, nnd fancied I was mad. Yot I was vory cuuutng in my madness, and au awful liar. " Tho lady has gono into tho balcony up. stairs— sho thinks sho can ecu bettor thoro." "Thanks, old man — why did'ut you say bo boforo?" ana, ns ho hastened away, ho pitched a shilling into my tray, as a reward for my picco of information. I could havo almost laughed nt this, only my thoughts wero many, nnd wore hoart sickening after a timo. I had so much upon my miml ; so many doubts crowding in upon tho ordora for drink, ho many customers to attond to, or to neglect, and such strango thoughts of hoiuo and Jessie. I triod to think it all a mistako— that this man had only boon attracted by hor fresh young face, her strango position there, hor iso lation; but tho mentiou of hor Christian name, his anxious search in the gallery above Rtaira, tho grave expression that he wore now— I watched him moro closoly than anyone could linvo thought possible that busy night— con vinced mo almost that there wns a motive for his search not born of a rako's passiug fancy for a pretty womau. >Vhcn bo camo into tho Btalls again, as if ex pecting to find her in her old place, ho scowled at me for an instant, and thou vanished into tho street. I returned homo very tired that night, and vory much bewildered. The hall bad boon open till two by special permission of tho police, and it was closo upon thrco when . I reached home. To my astonishment, Jessie was in the frapt room, stitching away as for dear life, "Sitting up !" I said in ostonishmont. "Yes— I couldn't sloop. I thought I would get on with work. It was better than lying staring at tho coiling, wasn't it?'' "well, porhaps ho," I roplied, "Doyou fell protty well now ?" " Oh, I'm woll onough." I did not ask hor any inoro questions ; I did not idludo to tho gontloman who had boon in soutch of hor, qnd had givon me a shilling for false information ; I waited for her to toll hor story, if sho had ono, and sho novor said a word. Perhaps it was all fancy — probably it was, I tried to think— and sho was uncon- . cious of the lulmiror who had suddenly sprung up in her path. Sho did not go to tho Apollo for two or threowoelcs aftor this; sho did not care about it, sho said ; sho was .tired or had too much work to do. I was glad to hoar hor say this, though Ijwas sorry to soo how despondent and frotfdl she grew by dogrocB once more ; and my suspicions seemed to aio away until ho camo again to the Apollo. I recognised him at once; I boliovo I know bo was there boforo I had soon him, by a death-liko coldness which camo upon mo suddenly, ns if somo spectro had glidod into tho place. ' At all ovonts, my knees knocked together when I had seen him, and thoro was a choking sensation behind my rusty stock. lie did uot know mo— but I know him and what ho had como for. Ho stood at tho glass door and looked nt tho stago from timo to timo ; but his quick.engorglnnootownrdsovory now comer showed ho was wnitiu for somo ono or in search of some ono. Waiting for somo one, as. if by|ai)pointmont,I feared; and if Jessio had entered tlio ball that night 1 should havo gono itaad off, I'm cortain, But no ouo camo, and Iwas vory glad. He lingered thero till a Into -hour. I was keenly watchful of him. though in his pro-oc cupation ho did not obsrrvo me. From ihlo night forth I should know him any whero; undornnycircmnstanccB ofHfo.undor any as pect of denth in his fashionable dress,or in his coffin, that man would novor be forgotten, or mistaken for auother. Ilo was a . handsome man, of some eight and twonty yeara of age ; hardly liko a gontloman in appearance, though dressed liko one, and striving hard to pass for ono, Ho was not ouo of "tho real sort and a waiter knows the real sort moro quickly than anybody else. Tho real eort utter all is rather scarco— at tho Apollo it was very Bcavco indeed, although s inetimes found in an inebriated condition, with its hat on the back of its head, strolling in to oblige Florrie or Tottie, and to cry "Bravo I" "This man Idid not liko, though I could not inako him out. He was not a bettiug man , for the men who came to bet who wero known onovery English racecourse, and whopatronisod the Apollo, passed him, without recognition; the "Benson tickets"— male and fomalo— did not nod to him. and ho took no notice of thom ; to the waiters ho was a atranger; tho prores- sinnala who came in aftor their I! turns" did iwt shako hands with him, and hint that thoy wore thirsty ; lie was not known to tho nolico. Ho was there tho next night—thou no missod two nights and camo in late on Saturday, well- dressed, carofully gloved, witb a hat intensely shiny, a white llower in tho button-hole of his coat,nud a diamond breast nin which one could sec was a diamond at auydistance off. JTe disappeared again for a week, and I thought lie had gono away — givon up his soarcli perhaps!— for good, I was exultant, though it did not seen to matter much now tuat Jessie did not como — and then I grow norvouB, and stupid, and . completely dazed, whon bIio suddenly startled mo by entering the hall one i evening. "I could not stand it any longer, Jacob," she said, half apologetically, oven, "I should have gone mad all alone in that room, if I had-. -kopt» ' indoors anothor night. I couldn't keep at home, I couldn't roally." > "Very wull," I said, "of course it better1 to have a littlo change wheti you feol in that unsettled state." . "Yes— I think bo," aud then aho glanced nervously round, nnd continued at .strango- intervals to look about in a scarod way; that - was vory new te her, and which I did not like. I did not ask her any questions; if I had any counsel of my own to lceop, I kept It, God , knows, very well. . . . .1 . I was as sure an Iwas living that ho would . como that nigh£ in search of her, but' lie did not; I was ' alwnvB wrong, it soemod- I conl i havo believed I liad sot him nsidt — almost forgotten him — the noxt wook. . Tlio week after that— one Tuesday evening, when Jessie wob .in tho hall, ho passod mo ( whilst I wus gotting in my ordora at the outer, bar. Thoy would meet at last thou— and I should not boo ,their meeting. I should i; only suffer tho torments of the damnod' iu- gitoesing at it. / - (To 1>e continued. , ri The mon who/ triod to collect his ideas has j prudoutly luoyftd away froogi Inland, 