Tlic Dentil « t n Hody Niintclicr. A mysterious affair occurred at .Syracuse, in tlio United States, the other day. Dr. Ilervcy Kendall, a well- known physician of that city, was found early in the morning of the lljtli of May lying in a meadow nujacent to tue burial-ground of the poor-house, with a bullet hole in the centre of his forehead. Near his body were lying two shovels, nnd n satchel. Under his left leg was a revolver, all six chambers of which lind been recently fired off. He was still alivo when discovered, and was taken to tho County Building, when, on divesting him of his outer wraps, a belt with two pistol holsters was found buckled ronnd his waist. One of the holsters wns empty, hut the other con tained n revolver fully charged, with the exception of one cartridge. In the satchel was found a full kit of tools used by resurrectionists — consisting of a dark lantern, a cart-hook, a brace and bit, a key-hole saw, a bowic knife, n piece of rope, nnd a bottle ol whisky. He died 011 tlio following day, but although at times conscious before his death, made no revelation of tho mystery. Tbcro is 110 doubt, however, than when he met his death ho was preparing to rob a grave in tho cemetery ; for on the previous evening Dr. Kurtz, of Syracuse, called on him, and was surprised to find him in n rough suit of clothes, with all his body-snatching implements piled ready for nse. In explanation, he in formed Dr. Kurtz that he was goiug that night to get what he playfully termed a "bod." Dr. Kendall has long been known ns a professional grave-digger. Several cemeteries have been repeatedly despoiled by liim. He wns in the habit of taking large doses of morphine, fjoinc persons supposed that under the influence of that drug he destroyed himself 011 seeing, or imagin ing, that he saw a ghost. Others hold the theory that he wns shot by au organised band of avengers who were determined to put a stop to bis grave- robbing proceedings. Ho bad a large practice, but is not likely to be much regretted by liis patients. 