Over the signature of "A Believer in Spirits "a correspondent' of the St James's Gazette explains the theory of ghosts in the following clear and explicit manner: — "A few evenings ago 1 was sitting in an arm chair shortly before midnight, when I saw two ghosts — not simultaneously, but one after the other. 1 should state that during the day I had drunk nothing but a bottle of Bass's pale ale at luncheon, two glasses of brandy and soda water in the course of the afternoon, one bottle of bergundy and a half- bottle of sherry at dinner, and was finishing up with a glass or two of whisky-and-water before retiring to rest. I was finishing my third glass when I became conscious of a 'presence' in the room. Lifting my eyes from the tumbler, I distinctly saw my de ceased father standing before me! His ap pearance exactly resembled that which he bore in life, and forgetting for the moment that he was no longer in existence, I ex pressed pleasure at seeing him, and ventured to ask hi in for some slight pecuniary assist ance. .Almost before I had time to finish my request, the phantom, or whatever it was. hastily vanished; and another ur expei ted vifi o: appeu-ed, in the shape of one of my aunts, who died many y.'ars ago under rather melancholy circumstances — having lost her life from the effects of injuries she received during a short scuffle for a seat in a chapel with another old lady belonging, like herself, to a sect known, if I remember right, as the Yarmouth Bloaters, or some such nauie (my memory is not so good as it was formerly). However, there was my aunt, looking sad and stern as of old ; and so perfect was the allu sion that I almost instinctively asked her, as I asked my father, for the loan of a few pounds. To my surprise, she too made a hurried departure, gliding, so far as I could make out, from the north to the soil' -sou' - west corner of the room, .and disappearing through the wall. Overcome by this se cond visitation I appear to have become in sensible, for I remember nothing more ; but my cook told me the next morning that she heard the noise as of a heavy body falling, about the time the ghosts appeared. A chair was also found broken in the room, and some trifling articles of crockery were smashed." 