Cfjxtrdj Hefog : Diocesan. THE ORDINATION. West Australia has done much "toward the per manent establishment among her people of the wor ship and ministry of our Mother Church, the Church of England. It would say very little for our hon- esty, and very little for our future exertions, if we claimed to have done all, or anything nearly approach ing to all, that we might have done. We have sup plemented to some small extent the help of a Chris tian Government in support of a ministry, built par sonages and Churches and a High Class School, and gone so far as to have made sure — to human foresight — the completion of a Cathedral: we have even done a little toward future endowment. But build as we may, and endow as we may; and introduce as many Clergy men as we may, no Church can be said to be tho roughly naturalized, to be truly planted and estab lished until her members add to their gifts of laud and money, the gift of living native agency. The Bar is a thus rooted profession, the "law" in its living representatives is thoroughly naturalized, be cause it has furnished (and without abating an iota of the lustre or efficiency of its Order) several practi- titioners, all either natives or locally educated. Among the objects of Christian benevolence in this land may some be moved to include the foundation, by ample funds, of a sound scholastic and theologi cal training C.qllegefoi;Uolonial youths! and may many in making their gifts to the treasury of Christ's Church have in mind that th.e best and most valuable offer ings' are of their sous, to be — in the face of probably scanty enumeration, hard work, and perhaps sceptical opposition — the simple ministers of Jesus Christ in a Church as old in its credentials as the days of the Apostles, as lasting in its authority as human wants !j The first student born and educated in the Colony was admitted on Thursday Nov. 30th, St. Andrew's Day, to the Order of a Deacon. The Service com menced at 11 a.m. in St. George's Cathedral. The Clergy present with the Bishop were, the Dean, Archdeacon, the Bishop's Chaplain, and the Revs. D. Glyn Watkins, G. H. Sweeting, G. Sadler, and T. H. Friel. The Service was Choral, the Prayers were intoned by the Dean, the Lesson read by the Rev. James Allen, the Epistle by the Rev. G. H. Sweeting, and the Gospel by the Deacon. The Ser mon which is printed below was preached by the Rev. D. G. Watkins. The Candidate was present ed by the Archdeacon, who also read the Ante-Com munion Service and assisted the Bishop in the ad ministration of the Holy Communion. THE SERMON. " They chose Stephen, a man full of faith and of the Holy Ghost, and Philip and Prochorus, and Nicanor and Timon and Parmenas, and Nicolas a proselyte of Antioch : whom they set before the Apostles : and when they had prayed, they laid their hands upon them." — Acts iy. 5 and 6. Such is the account given us in the Book of the Acts of the Apostles of the first ordination of Dea cons in the Christian Church. Those toen were con secrated to the duties of their office by prayer and the imposition of hands in Jerusalem ; and to-day 18 centuries later and in a far distant spot we are permitted to see our Brother admitted to this same order of Deacons in a similar way. This fact may well lead us to think of the permanence and the uni versality of the Church of God. The rubric at the beginning of the Service for the Ordination of Deacons directs that there shall be a Sermon or Exhortation, "declaring the duty and of fice of such as come to be admitted Deacons." I will now do my best to obey this direction. As in the Church of God before the time of our Lord there were three Orders of Ministers, High Priests, Priests and Levites : so ever since that time, ever since the time of Christ, there have always been three Orders, Bishops, Priests, and Deacons. And for due admission to either of these orders it has always been held that it was essential that every person should be commissioned and set apart by the laying on of bands, which we call Consecration or Ordination. Of the first Deacons it is said that when the Apos tles had prayed, they laid their hands on them. Now in all after ages the Bishops have been re garded as the successors of the Apostles in all their' ordinary functions ; and to the Bishops has always Jff been reserved the work of commissioning other offi cers of the Church, of whatever rank whethei Bish ops, Priests or Deacons. Churchmen of our day seem generally to entertain a clear idea of the dis tinct and superior functions which belong to the of fice of Bishop : but it may be questioned whether a good deal of confusion does not exist among the laity as to the difference between the Priesthood and . the Diappnate. Both these Orders — Priests and- Deacons— -are called and solemnly separated to the administration of God's Holy Word and Sacraments; but yet they are called and commissioned to minister both the Word and the Sacraments of God in very different ways. I. With regard to Holy Scripture. V' Hooker (Book v. xix) points out most carefully that the office of the Christian Church with regard to the Holy Scriptures is two-fold ; to publish it and to interpret it ; to read it to the people and to expound it to them. Now the Compilers of the Ordinal of the Church, of England appear to have attached very great im portance, to this distinction, as you find at once if you compare the Service for the ordination of Dea cons with that for the Ordination of Priests. In the Service for the Ordination of Deacons after a demand as to the Candidate's belief in the Canonical Scriptures, follows this question : " Will you diligently read the same unto the peo ple " ? And in the definition of what belongs to the, Deacon's office, we are told. "It appertaineth to the office of a Deacon to read Holy Scriptures in the Church." Whereas, on the other hand, in the Service tor the Ordering of Priests, after the same question, as to the Candidate's own belief follows the enquiry, not whether he will read the Scriptures to the peo ple, but whether " he is determined out of the said Scriptures to instruct the people committed -to' 'his charge," and the exhortation corresponds witji this, " the doing of so weighty a work," it is urged, "E&n-; not by any other means be compassed but with doc trine and exhortation taken out of the Holy1 Scrip tures." Thus evidently the theory and intention of the Church is that the lower order of Deacons is to' be entrusted with the simpler work of instructing God's people by reading His Word to them; while to the higher Order of the Priesthood is delivered the har der task of basing a teaching of their own upon that Word, of adapting old principles to new and ever varying circumstances. Again, when any person is made Deacon, the New Testament is placed in his hand and this charge is given to him. " Take thou authority to read the Gospel in the Church of God and " mark these words, " to preach the same if thou be thereto licensed : " language which plainly implies that the ordinary function of the Deacon, as regards the Ministry of tta Word, is to read the Holy Scriptures, and that it is an extraordinary and unusual thing for him to preach God's Word, a work not to be undertaken under any circumstances, without special permission. Whereas, when any person is ordained Priest, this very different charge is given him : " Take thou authority to preach the Word of God." " Be thou a faithful Dispenser of the Word of God." Thus we see that the distinction drawn between the respective functions of Priests and Deacons with regard to the ministry of God's Holy Word is veiy marked. And in these days when the ordinance of preaching God's Word is oftentimes spoken of in most light and frivolous terms ; and when there is a fashion abroad to welcome as a preacher any one who' flan talk glibly ; it is well that we should guar SVehr selves from falling into the too common error of thinking that the only essential qualifications fof preacihing sermons are self-confidence and fluency combined with a laudable ambition to do some good in the world ; and we shall best do this, we shall best guard ourselves from falling into this too popular error, by marking well the sense of the Church on this point as evidenced by the Ordination Services, and by ob serving that the theory and intention of the Church is that the work of preaching should be exercised by none below the- second Order of the Ministry, and that members of the third Order should not be ad mitted to the office of Preachers except under special circumstances. II. And now note the differences between the respective duties of these two bodies of men. with regard to the ministry of God's Holy Sacraments. In the Service for the Ordination of Deacons, these words occur : " It appertaineth to the office of a Deacon to assist the Priest when he ministereth the Holy Communion and to help him in the distri bution thereof ; and in the absence of the Priest " mark that, only in the absence of the Priest, " to baptize infants." "Whereas if you turn to the Service for the Order ing of Priests; you find this most solemn charge I given : " Be thou a faithful Dispenser of God's Holy Sacraments." "Take thou authority to minister the Holy Sacra ments in the congregation where thou shall be law fully appointed thereunto." The plain intention of the Church is that the Dea- ; cons should be assistants of those who have been called to the higher orders in the Ministry : and though, as in this diocese, peculiar circumstances sometimes require that a Deacon should be placed an isolated ;and a quasi-independent, position such a state of things was never -contemplated and is \- only justified by necessity. Before concluding let me say a few words with reference to the special work of to-day. It is a most interesting and solemn day for all ; for the newly ordained Deacon ; for us of the Ministry into whose ranks he is now admitted ; and for the Church at large throughout the Diocese. (a) . For the newly ordained person it is surely the most solemn day of his whole life, nay, it is the beginning of a new life to him. It is a day which must greatly influence his future, in this life and for ever. It is hard indeed to say whether the aspect of the Christian ministry is the more solemn when viewed in its relation to others or as it affects the minister himself. In the one case, the results are more extensive; in the other, they are more certain. By his faithfulness or his faithlessness every Minister of God may be the means of saving or of destroying the souls of others ; he must infalli bly save or destroy his own. On the one hand, no man on earth is a more miserable and wretched creature than the Minister of God — whether Bishop, Priest or Deacon — whose heart is not in his work, who is iusincere and unsta ble ; on the other hand, no man is more happy than he who freely devotes his life and energies to the work of bis sacred calling. If the Gospel is a savour of life unto life or of death unto death, in the case of every one acquainted with it, most emphatically is it so in the case of every Ql<gymau. His constant repetition of sacred words, his constant association with holy things must make him as life goes on more and more true or false, more and more like St. John or like Judas. , Yes ! No man can possibly exaggerate the im portance of this day — this turning point of life — to our newly ordained Brother. ( b .) And what is the aspect in which this day presents itself to us his elders in the Ministry ? Who of us can witness this act of self dedication to-day without his thoughts involuntarily reverting to his- own ordination P And if we are saddened when we see the glaring contrast between the hopes we cherished and the resolutions we formed then, and the realities and failures and shortcomings of later years, — let us be thankful that we yet have time to amend our lives : let this solemn Service of to-day mark a revival of our zeal and a renewal of our old resolutions. Let the old vows of life-long dedication be renewed once more by us : may we all from this day onward pray more earnestly and live more nearly as we pray, for as life without prayer is presumption, so prayer without a life in conformity with it is hypoc risy, and through such hypocrisy, with keenest eyes, our people see. (c.) There yet remains the aspect which this day's Service should present to the Church at large throughout the Diocese. This is the first instance of any person born and educated within the Colony entering the min:stry of that Branch of the Church to which we belong — the Church of England .1 would say to the Churchmen of the Colony : look upon this. ordination as an earnest of what shall fol- lowi If the Church is to develop in future years it must depend in the main on a home-born Ministry. And we must have the best men too. Surely if any work deserves the best energies of the best men — that work is the work of the Christian Ministry — the work of achieving those most sublime ends which we are taught to place in the fore front of our pray ers— the Hallowing of God's Name, the coming of His Kingdom and the doing of His Will on earth as it is in Heaven. Roebouene. — The Church Temperance Society is still gaining ground, and its old members are stand ing firm. It hasjinitiated a move for the erection of an Institute, which has met with liberal support, and it is hoped the Building will shortly be com menced. The Yestry held its first meeting on the 18th, October, and elected Messrs. W. S. Hall and Auke- tell to fill places resigned by Messrs. Pearss and A. Sholl. Mr. Sholl kindly consented to continue the collection of the Stipend Fund with the assis tance of a Committee. It was decided to seek for an endowment m the way of Glebe land from the Government. On the 20th October an interesting presentation to Miss Eedwood — Mrs. Hayton's sister-in-law — took place at Roebourne. Her unwearied services in conducting the musical part of the Church and Sun day School worship, Concerts, &c.; have won her the cordial esteem of all here, and this feeling found ex pression in a beautifully illuminated address, with which were presented a Gold Locket with Cross of W. A. Pearls on one side and inscription on the other ; and a purse of £51. Mr. Sholl, who or ganized the testimonial, presented it with many kindly remarks, and read the address : Mr. Hayton replied on his Sister's behalf, under protest, and ex pressed in fitting terms her appreciation of the handsome tokens of regard which had been presented to her. We are all grieved at losing both Pastor and Organist, and the more so as no one has yet been found to fill the vacant chaplaincy, though negoti ations with England have been carried on for months — any long interval without a Clergyman must throw back the work so zealously begun by Mr. Hayton, and we trust we have the prayers of friends here and elsewhere that an active earnest man may be sent to us. 27 October. The Laughing Wave bore away Mr. Hayton and his Sister last night. At 2 o'clock in the day there was a gathering of their friends in the Assembly Room at Cossack for the presentation of a Farewell address and Testimonial to Mr. Hayton. A Hymn having been sung Mr. Laurence, Government Resi dent, with a few prefatory remarks read the address, of which- send you a copy, and presented the money — about £22 — collected for the purchase of a Testimonial, the selection thereof being committed to the Clergyman himself. Mr. Hayton replied with much feeling, regretting the circumstances which compelled him to leave the parish without a minister, and saying that if after a few months no one was found for the post he would if possible return. He expressed a sense of his own deficiencies in the work, which with all its short comings and errors he would lay at the foot of the Cross of Christ for pardon. . Another hymn and the Benediction closed the in teresting ceremony. ' Roebouene, W. A. 26th October 1882. To the Rev. William Hayton, M.A. Reveeend and deae Sie, As the time for your departure hasarrived we, your parishioners and personal friends, take this oppor tunity of expressing our thankfulness for your many and valuable services during the comparatively brief period of your sojourn among us ; and also our good wishes for your welfare and success in other fields of Clerical labour. In a district whose inhabitants belong to various religious demoninations, you, the only Clergyman in the place, and our first resident Pastor, have suc ceeded in conciliating and drawing together these dif fering elements to unite in common worship and to co-operate in Christian work. To effect this object you have willingly under taken long and distant journies which entailed la bour, privations, and even danger. You will ever be remembered in the district for your earnest endeavours to procure the erection of a building specially set apart for the worship of Almighty God. To your zeal and energy we are mainly indebted for the subscriptions which have enabled us to commence, and which will we trust with God's blessing, enable us to finish the Sacred fabric to be devoted to Him. As a Preacher you have always been earnest ; as a friend you have always been kind and affectionate ; as a parochial clergyman you have been active in your visitations, and have invariably been accessible to all classes of your parishioners. We know that, at much personal inconvenience, you have prolonged your stay among us, and we thank you very heartily for this sacrifice in our favor. That you may in the future be as devoted to the duties of your Holy Calling as you have been in the past, and that you may earn, as you have earned here, the esteem and affection of those among whomyou may be placed ; above all that you may obtain the blessing of Him whom you serve — Our Common Lord and Master — is the earnest prayer of. Reverend and dear Sir, Your parishioners and affectionate friends, (Signed by almost all the residents at Roebourne and Cossack.) 