CONTINENTAL NOTES. The diverse rumours of now combinations which traverse tho Continent aro evidence — now that thero has ceased to be tho Bpecial tension of particular questions — that Europe has not yet reached the equilibrium of con tentment. Her state still too much re sembleB that of the ocnan when tho lisht. nings are sheathed and the black clouds broken, but tho wators beat to and fro in slow gravitation to their rest. Prince Bis marck is now as the Emperor Napoleon used to be, credited with new designs in foreign policy in order to cover his purposes, ur his defeats, at homo. Strange to say, he is supposed to bo fraternising with both the Pope and the Sultan. Certainly the Turkish ambassadors at Berlin have dono their best to propitiate him, and many eyes are directed towards him from Con stantinople. He is said to have hinted that something must really be done in Armenia, but to have promised to withold his pressure as to the Russian wai indemnity. In Italy, his concilatory policy towards the Papacy has created quite a flutter. He is even sus pected of a design to restore the temporal power. Pope Leo himself, apparently both hurt and alarmed by recent incidents, has altered his tone — speaks now with bitter remonstrance, and demands protection for his independence in terms that imply a change of attitude towards the authorities. He complains grievously of the insults showered upon him at the recent canonisa tion of saints. Another rumor reported that Russia and Austria had formulated an agreement touch ing the unBbttled questions of European Turkey. The details were given, but are now emphatically deuied from St Petersburg. It is. ho wever, again affirmed that the subject has been matter of negotiation. Another wilder story affirms that the ghost of the late Czar has been seen in the Kagan Cathedral, and that a sentinel was found there half dead with fright. As regards the Anti Nihilist League, a letter to the Teleijraph alleges that it now consists of 5,000 members, but that its action has been paralysed by peculations which have compelled the Em peror to order its ' purification.' The return of M. Rouatan to Tunis, after the circumstances of the recent trial, has occasaioned great surprise. Once again M. Rochefort has escaped the chargo of libel — this time brought against him by M. Challe- , mel-Lacour, but on the ground that he was only an accomplice of M. Delpierre, who wrote the incriminated article. Meanwhile Morocco liaa been brought within the sphere of the Tunisian agitation. The troops sent by the Emperor to capture Bon Amema united with the latter to proclaim a holy war against the French. The revolt is spreading, and the Emperor of Morocco has not the means of suppressing it. 