tfloveltet. \- GRIT. A story of tho post and presont ; of Ordl ..-nary moo and Ordinary things. In Ordl- . , nary Ihiignago, ONALD GAMER ON, i'.IK TWK -FOLDS OF TIIB SKJU'iSNT,!' jSlLV£HWATlSn 1IBND, ETC." pro thy BluSriil itoJ tlibo oat." . ' labcautifiilMiofj, jhdtdvorroundburbcad . hovering on nncelvr intra. ' i , i ibo spiriti.of tho dead. \- , . SHATTER Tiio next day ub ho sat in tlio armciuilr, there ' , was q ring at tho gate, and ho saw his daughter como. up tho path, In afow momonts' slio was in \- ."'."';hia orihB." " .. . v . "Dear fathor, rvo ruined you, she fiaiu, kneel- ' / - iiig'nt ilia feet, , . ' ' " No, no, child/' was tho drcinny reply 5 " things -.. .'a mre nil right; tho reel's hocn struck. Xhoythougfit / /tho old,' man' had lost all, hut it's nonsense;. I ve /just strnck tlio golden atono." ' ,. , Bcrtlid looked voiulcringly nt her father. »"Wiat 5qel, father?" sho asked, inspired with a certain degree of hope, "I thought yon lind Bold' out all your nhares" , uNo, ; no," ' was tho- meaningless reply, "tlid : reef B.beonstrnck, hut they don't kuowit,, so they, / ; - think I'm rained. Go anahord tlio sheep, Bertha. / Tt's all right." ,. » . And ho laughed a fcohlo, fatuous laugh. . " ' , Bertha .put her hands;over'her eyes. A light now dawned on hor mind.' Tlio, 'blow .had' l>ccn'toq heavy, . Her fothcr's reason' was gone. . . Hor sup- : ; position was tod truoi -Mr. White had in one day ' ''hccomo a helpless imbecile, posscBBcd of tho idea : that a golden reef had been struck in his claim I There was littlo lcft of tho wreck of his fortunb. Bortha moved into, a humhlo cpttnao in Titzroy, , rin'd for a . time stemmed tlio' tide df ovil fortune. J' . / ' Hector ' had , called upon her, mid endeavored to I mnko her fullil her iproiuiBO-;.- hut sho refused to . , : jlcvor seo him ngnin.' Sho told him plahdy that It ' was .dishonornolb to nttempt 0 gain her hand by ; . ' promising to assist hcr futher out of his difficulties .' :whon .ho could not. ' Thero wub an evil light . in r Hector's faco, as ho iitniod to go ; .but Borthn ' \- liad iicvor known a liappler. moment. Truo, sho . . ' Iifd.n trriblo figlit witli tho world beforo hor,-but . . ..thcn.sho was yoang diulbinvo, andfibo.'. Was tliat \ / ! ''-iiot enoiigli? ,y , ' f Bortlm fohnd out that Uclbounio -was as stony-hearted as any great city sho had over read ,nbriut'.: ISvcryouS was too much taken up with his' . , . pvjn conccruB to caro about his libighbors' sorrows, ' and employment of nnykiud wasscarco,, especially . , ' for thqso wlio luicw uo trndo. Fcrhnps tills is not i - - correct ; thero was plenty of employment, but thero . was a vast number of peoplo looking after it.' Hor :>'prido would not nliow hor to seok help from thoso " N '? ,'sho'had- known in bettor times; tho ninnhor in- ! which. they neglected hor showed thnt application would hayo l>ccn fruitless ;, .hnd, after a .vain- struggle togct filter omploymont, Bertha hod .to go . to tlio factory. To obtain work oven therS: was -< difficult. > - , " \- ' \ But. tho bad fortimo \vhich;lia(l fallen upon . tho girl only brought to light tho full Btrcngth . ". of-Jier chnrocter. Bho did "not piho and . lamont ; sho put her hand to tho plough, .and ; AvorUcd on in tho hopd (hat Bho would, in timo . bo ablo to lay something by. and perhaps riso . ;,in tho worcliouBO and uecomo n Balcswoman, 5ho took ovcry opportunity to learn, and got \- - on very well, although tho hard work and . . constant" confinomont told Bovorciy upon her . frame. Still, tho life was not without, its pleasures. It was delightful to get out of the faotoiy when Bis o'clock struck, and to. go homo nnd prepaid supper for hcredf and tlio . . okl man, and then sit and sowxnnd talk with . him in tho ovening. Ho had completely , changed now; ho wiis mild aud childlike, his . babble being continually about reefs and gold, and shopliording tho ; flock. , Ho appeared' to bo always nndor tho idea that Bertha had , been hording thoshcep all day, and now: nnd then ho wondored what" had .becomo of ? . Lassy. For. a timo. Bertha was puzzled . . how to SCQIU'O his being oceupicd and amused . . .' during tho long hours when sho was at work ,' but at last eho hit upon tho idea of taking . him to tho Public Library, and after that ho found his way thero fogulariy ovory day, taking Ills lunch with him. Many frequenters , . of the Library will remember lilm, an old, N /-.yhcAdod lllaQl fln w'lborcd, with a C-. vSiildish look of ihuoccnt enjoyment in his .II'/; .faco. His favorite bay was that whom works : oh geology aro to bo found, and horo'lio would stay all day, studying mines nnd mineralogy, and .occasionally copying passages. Ho / seemed thoroughly to enjoy this life. V OHAl'XEIV LII. . Bortha was a never-failing Rourco ofjmr- j ; ' priflo to lior companions in tho work-room, ' \ybon thoy oauu) out MiO.t girls would get . togothev and gossip about their- sweethearts, and ,tho gontlomcn thoy know. Nay, thoy ' . would hardly htivo left tho warehouso when thoy would bo met by young fellows Vho would escort them within tho sight of/homo, and mako appointments for tho future. To be without a swcctheait, was lo bo out ol tlio world ; and to the work-girl's imagination no term conveyed so much opprobrium As " She's got no chap." . That, was tho Alpha and Omega of reproach ; tho most withering satire: If, therefore, a girl was unfortunato cnougli to loso her sweetheart, "either through' a quarrel, Ids having taken up with another girl, or his leaving tho country/ sho' at onbo made linsto to. lay in a new stock, to cscapo tho reproach of being HWcotfieartlcBS.' It pained Bertba deeply to seo much of what went on, tho folly and heedlessness of lier companions, who could bo lured to their destruction by shallow but designing fools; nnd sho kept herself apart.- ; Yet sho could -r sympqthfso wjtti tho poor creatures, Bho coulu comprehend how eagerly these poor overworked girls would accept any prosppct to bo roliovod from their monotonous wearying toil.! Almost anything sccihcd better to tlicm than this slavery — and how delighted. they would bo at the chuncd of a homo for themselves. Bertha saw tho dangers of a great factory.- A number of girls, good and bad, were massed togothor, and \ tho bad had a baneful and powerful infiuencc. It was almost impossiblo to escape, especially when tho finger of scorn was pointed ntany girl who held out, and was spiritless cnougli not to enter into tho "fun.',' Besides, a girl who lind only a beau in lier own station of Hfo was not thought much of — she would pass in a crowd ; but tho girl who could claim to bo regarded by a gentleman— why, sho was quito a queen. At first, tho girls were disposed to chaff Bertha because sho hod no beau, but somehow her sweet nature so wrought on them that they ceased to tcaso. Ono or two of tlio girls, however, took it into their heads that Bertha had a prior attach ment; and under this impression thoy tried to arguo with her that, even if alio loved nopio- ono who was absent, that shouldn't interfere with a little flirtation, " just to kocp her heart up," tho girls said. But Bertha only smiled, and after a wliile sho was let alone, at least,- by tho girls. But let it not bo supposed that tho youths of Melbourne, who aro ever on tho lookout for something fresh, and study tho factory girls with a fervor, which if directed to books, would mako them tho greatest scholars of tho ago, could allow bo beautiful a creature to cscapo their notice. Incccd Bertha was perfectly pestered with them. Thoy hung about too uoor in tho little lano at which the sewing girls went In and out, and'atslx o'clock there was sura to bo a young fellow waiting to pay court to tho "beautiful .milliner." But in vain would lio try every means of catching hor attention; in vain ho would get tho other girls to introduco him— Bertha passed on. "In maiden meditation fancy free," and tho gallant would whistlo and repair, to a neigh boring hotel to drink down his' disappoint;, ment. V Although Bertha nover heard of Jack now, his imago never left hor mind ; his n&too; was engraven in her heart in letters too deep to bo ovor -erased. His faco haunted her dreams, and rose up beforo her when sho was at her work. How often sho wept for him in the solitude of hcr -littlo room 1 How -often tho photograph he bad given her when thoy had ptightcd their troth, was kissed and kissed in passionate rapture 1- How sho longed for a' sight of his' dear faco,' if only for a moment. 'But days passed and timo.went on, and sho nover heard of him, although , she. went occasionally to Gordon Gotch's, to rcad(tho Grit nowspapors, in tho hope of seeing him mentioned. Sho wondered now it had fared iwitU-him in the great convulsion. Some times her. yearning became so' great, that bho felt almost compelled to write to Jack-but her womanly modesty Btayed her pen. . How deeply, truly,' sho loved1 him, although indig nant at tho errors Bho thought ho had com mitted. , Bertha might have struggled on and sur mounted difficulties had not her father fallen ill. , This was a great trial, as sho had to hire somconotoattendhim and also to investin little delicacies which soon made the slender pureo run short;, and at tho Biipo wo mee( her . sho had hardly a sixpence in tlio world, and, worse than all, this was her last day;in tlio factory. Sho had been discharged, why, no ono know. Deep was the sympathy otho other girls, and many tho conjectures. Bertha's tears .'flowed, plentifully over her moohino wlion alio heard the cruel mandate, and her heart failed- her when sho looked into the future-cspeoiaily when slio considered that tlio, factories were overstocked at that time, .it being tho slack season. Sho did not know what to do. If no ono can guesB why Bertha was dis charged, wo can. Tho second partner, Mr. Clock,' was a fino, liandsomo mant of about, thirty, who had worked his way up to be tho real head of tho firm. Ho had worked very- hard in his time, and how thought ho might indulge in a littlo of this world's pleasures. He thought lio would mako- amohds for his sterile-youth, and aftcra few years of whdt lio called pleasure, ' marry and forget it fill." However, tho result was ono that often occurs.; Pleasure" mastered him, and ho became "tli'a slavc of his, own passions, tho hardest master men can' hayo. . .Mr. Glaok, who seldom Raw any employ6s ' except tho principals, chanced to got a gUmpso of Bortlia ono ovening as .sho. was coming out of tlio workroom, and immediately tho, iniinmmablo tinder of his heart .took fire; Ho became impressed with tho idea that ho had hover seen a beautiful girl until Bortlia had come under his Burvcy. Of course ho made love to hor at once, and was perfectly non-' plussed to find her. impervious to all his soft speeches and flattery. ' Sho passed on without, giving him an answer. To think that oho of his sowing girls would do', this I ' Why, ho had , , nover spoken to ono of tlicm before, who had riot gone Almost into hysterics of joy if bo had. deigned to show her tlio. smallest attention.. Mr. Clack mado a very poof dinner tlmt even ing. Next day ho charged the enemy again, but was coldly, repulflcd. Ho didn't know what was tho matter. Ho know ho wds dread fully; in love, but how. to obtain a more favorablo result, ho failed so see. Weeks passed; nnd still ho was in tlio same position, not ono stop more forward. Ho took counsel with his friende, and they advised hith to try. different means; 'but failure taiarked them all.> Ho even sent a splendid presont to Bertha, with a beautiful letter, composed by a young pressman, with whom ' lio associated ' at Olliver's Caf6— that resort of tho fourth estate— but it fell flat, and (he present was sent back. Driven to his wit's end, Mr, Claclc now took into his confidonco a gentleman who was noted in affairs of tlio heart. His friend' was ready With a remedy at onco. Lot tho girl bo discharged, ho advised, and slandors circulated to provent hor gotting employment elsewhere. Mr. Clack was almost completely demoralised by tho lifo ho had led, and tho companions with whom ho had associated; but this was rather, too bad for liini, bo lio hung about Bertha for another week, and wont oven so far ns-to visit hor; but ho was vory rudely repulsed. . Then Mr. Clack, after absolutely crying with vexation, resolved to ubo tho harshest measures, And, listening to the tempter, lie procured .tho discharge of the innocent girl, not, however, without suffering sundry pangs of romorso, whioli hot oven a' round of champagno could remove. i CHAPTER LHI. - ' When six o'clock came, Bortlia walked out of tho warehouse with lior companions, heavy at heart. ' The thoughts of her poor old fathor brought tears to her .eyes, Sho found many sympathisers ; and some of ,tho girls suggested that thoy . would give hor as much of tho work thoy usod to tako homo, with them, as thoy could. Her heart oveVflowe with gratitudo to these poor girls, and she parted vrith them affectionately. As it was winter, tho night liad como, and it was.quito dark when Bertha walked through tho Parliament Reserve. Bho Was . sighing, wearily, iWhon sonicono touched hor on tho arm. Turning roundr sho .saw with alarm that 'Mr. Clack- was by lior side. His faco wore a singular expression, half sham'o; hall determination; ' Bortlia drew lier faded shawl around licr, and endeavoured to passon. ... ' "Bertha," said Mr. Claok in a hurried un certain mannor, " why don't you listen to mo ? I lo.vo you madly. Iconld kill myself for you. Lovo mo, Bertha, and you shall have whatever you desire." / V Why don't I listen to you?" said Bertha, 'turning her face full upon liim, " Ask that horrible corpse .that was laid on tho Blabs of the morgue last week. .Once it was called Bessy Ransom. A few months ago she was the merriest girl in your workshop; now she lies in tho grave, ond who sent her there?" Sho looked into his cyc3 until he quailed, and shrank book. " Mr. Clack," said Bertha, " you are a young roan ; and there is a great future beforo you if you choose. Thero tiro noblor aims In this world than thoso.that lead you captive now." And sho walked on, leaving tlio young man gazing after her stupidly. Hbo had opened up to his mental vision a vista of crimo no tcrriblo that it staggered him. Ho remembered poor Bessy too well, and for tfio moment lie .was Btrickcn with shama and romorBc, aud his better feelings, nearly lost by Ills courso of life, began to return. But his passions were roused to tho utmost ; and when a man allows his passions to govern him, they drivo him unrelentingly. ; In a few minutes no recovered himself, and resolved to 'stifio all tho warnings of conscience. As I10 walked away, ho began to devclopo a plot that would, lio thought, cnablo liim to obtain a favorablo opportunity to urgo his suit with Bertha. Ho could not tncift tell what I10 would do, but ho felt that lio must havo Bertha, whether sho would bo his or not. Tho eccno that had taken placo had not been without a witness, A gentleman, looking prosperous and comfortable, had just come out of tho Parliament House, which was lit up— the legislature being ip scsaioA. Ho uttered an exclamation of surpriso, and appeared intensely pleased. His destination lmd evidently been Bourke-Btrcct, but now he altered bis courso and walked after Bertha. This gentleman was nono other hut llcctor Macihnis. Ho had lost sight of Bertha for a long .time, and had given her up as lost to him for over. But now that ho met her onco more, his lovo revived, and he followed lier. Ho argued from her appcaranco that sho was hot prosperous, and from this entertained hopes that I10 could oosily win heri Things had prospered with Hector since we saw him last. Ho bad cautiously steered his ' bark, refusing to listen to the siren pipings of (hoao who sought to lead him to Jiis destruction. Steering a safe middle courso, it seemed likely enough that ere long tho utmost extent of Ms ambition would bo gratified. It was with' a sort of terror, however, that ho thought Jack might now. bo married to Bortha, and' that if he followed her ho might nieot his old enemy. Still, the. passion that waa devouring him led him oh, and ho ' was soon alongside tho poor girl. Bertha was terrified when ho accosted lior; but regaining lief composure, sho soon lot liim , understand f that sho did not desire his company. Bho did not ovpn deign to 'speak, todiim. Hector saw. !it .was ho use, and stayed behind. " Well, "said ho, as hoturncd on his hcol, "Those who will not doa.(Mn5 must bommlo to, do' it.' I'll humblo that proud girl before many days are over my head." And he joined 'the crowd in Bourkc-strcet with a singular smile oiphis face. , , Ho feared nothing now. ' Ho/thought ho was freo As tho air. ' CHAPTER LIV. . \- Bertha found hor fat∨ sitting in the tirm chair, supported by cushions, lie was vory weak,' and tlio pallid appearanco of his face inspired her with alarm. Thoriurso, a great awkward girl,' was dozing at, the scanty- lire, dreaming of tlio baker, of 'whom slid had become enamored. Tho old man's oyes lit up.with.plcasuro when his daughter entered. " You're Into to-night," snid he ; " havo the; sheep 'been lmrd to hurdlo? Sheep aro' curious aiiiiroihif and stubborn as mules.. Never - mind, girl, tho crushing will soon lib finished; and then you won't havo to herd the sheep any more 1" .Bertha almost, burst into tears, but desiring to keep from her father any ovidenco of care, Bho woke up the girl and prepared tea. It was >.a simplo task. She' put a few tea leaves into fcho.pot, and after letting it draw, poured out. a cup for., her father, for, like all old' Australians, ho was extremely 'fond- of tlio, bbverago; and thenho filled tlio pot up with' water, at whioh tho nurso innately rebelled,, although. Bertha Bh'arcd aliko with hor. A small loaf was1 then produced, .and a Lilli- jlntian pat' of butter. Tho nurso soon mado. tho loaf -look Still smaller, and shaino alone prevented her from taking all tho butter ; but sho might havo done scv for poor Bjsrtha hardly ato. anything. "While partaking - of this meagre repast, two very different sounds disturbed tho air. A gay ( opera tie melody, -in which -' tho voices of women find men were joined, now and tlien swelled upon tho air. At intorvals low moans were heard, and onco or twico tho shriek of a man as if in anguish. Bertha shuddered. Afterapauso, tlio. notes of tho piano broko tho silence, and a prao: tisod hand poured out "Stride la Vampa." What agonising memories thoso strains brought.' back To Bertha's inomorics. In' happier, days- tho piano had bfcon her great solace, and .how oltqn'had sho played that beautiful air. Strange 'offcct of music ! It seems to play upon tho unseen chords of tho brain, andtocrcatoa harmony unheard but felt. Its magio touches releases from tho cells of oblivion tho thousand memories that havo slumbered as if dead ; it wakes up the phan toms of tlio past that lio in tho deepest recesses of the heart, until tho spectral procession fills tho eyes with sympathetic tears. But hark I tlio grand, thrilling air,- by which Azuccna recalls tho upward roll of tho flames that destroyed her parent cedBes. and alter a few chords, tho piano evolves tiio glorious brin- disi, " 11 segreto per ester fclici suggestivb only of tho glowing goblofc, tho.feativo dance, the joyou8carcss of' lovo; nnd'a voice, a fino, manly voice, rings again ds it followB tho symphony ; — " H sogroto per csser fclici,' , . .. 81 provnu l'in slgno ngli aiulcl." Bortiia's tears liad been stealing down her. check prior to this, but.now apalo ilush camo into lier face, and alarm was, depicted on her countonahco.,. Bho recognised tho voico— rit was that of Mr. Claok. -'Ho know where sW lived, and lmd followed hcri 'f It may bo as well here to give somo idea of tho street in which Bertha, for -tho sako of economy, Uved. It was in onb'of tlfb leading suburbs, and yas called Wfllow-strcot, be-' causo a solitary spccimon of tlidfc treo had been sueccsslully cultivated by ono of tho first Bcttlew, Ho often boasted lio had planted .it when th6 spot, now so thickly peopled, was a wilderness. Bertha dwolt in a littlo bride oven, whioh had beon created .when Fitzroy wau first inhabited. On ono sido of thq houso; was a largo build- ing, which, was a boardings, establishment much affected by tlio theatrical profession ; indeed there wore opcratio stars living, thero now, which accounted for tlio triusio. Tlio youngsters of tho noighborliood looked upon it Us an earthly poradiso. . On tho qther sido of . Bertha's liousti was a wretched littlo weatherboard box, with tho windows boarded up, tho general aspect being ono of desolation. Row lind ever Been tho. inmates, -who'gcperally' moved about in tho night; but tliOBO who had been lucky enough to catch a glimpso of them, avowed tho placo was tenanted by "a haggard man and. a palo, bedraggled woman. Tho latter was well-known to tho barmaid at tho Corner Hotel, who declared that sho could not toll wliatf was donb with tho beer she purchased. Indeed, sho Was a valuable customen It was from this hovel that) tho groan3 wero now proceeding. .. What a contrast I/Gaiety, laughter, music,' on ono sidcr! monh and' misery on tho other. Bertha put her father to bed, nnd after re ceiving his customary kins, nho returned to tho little parlor, and sat gazing at tho fire, pondering over tho situation, and trying to tliink of somo means of meeting lier difliculty. Her discharge was so unexpected, that sho had been utterly unablo to lay up something to keep herself and her father while sho was out of work. Ho courso that she could tliink of was fcasiblo. Soon sho followed tho cxamplo of tho servant girl, who had gono off to sleep, and dozed fitfully. In ono of thoso dozes sho saw Jack once more. Hu was standing with her on tho hill above Grit, and their flocks wore feeding quietly in tho distance, whilo Hpot and Lassio wero playing together amongst tho bushes. Suddenly Jack pointed to tlio ground, which began to open, and be neath their feet appeared a wnlof snowy stono in which specks of rich yellow gold ap peared. 80ft music trembled through tlio air; and looking up, Bertha beheld a beau tiful being, attired as if in a veil of gold, gazing open them with pleasure In her oyes. But the vision faded quickly, nnd Bertha woka to find tlmt souio ono was knocking at tiio Uoor. At first Bertba was terribly afraid, but when sho heard a women's voico say, "Is anyono in ?" she went to tho door nnd opened it. A servant girl stood without. Bertha at onco recognised her as ono of thoso em ployed at the boarding house. " I believe you do sowing?" said tho girl. " Yes," replied Bertha. " Ho they thought next door," said tho do mestic. "Ono of tho ladies wants a dress mado up quick and sho told mo if you liked you could go down to this address to-morrow and help in making it. .It's quito a grand affair ; sho wears it m tho next play." Bortlia hardly knew how to reply; Certainly sho felt glad at tho idea of somo work; but then slio remembered that Mr. Clack was noxt door, nnd thiH might bo a mere attempt to cnablo Mm to havo an interview with lier, and sho doubted him very much. Indeed, slio felt sho could . not listen to any words of love, howovcr honest. Her heart was Jack's. But thon alio was so poor, and tho wago tho girl mentioned was sufficient to keep tho house for somo weeks, and by that -timo, perhaps, sho would havo other employment ; so sho accepted tho offer, - Bortha' wds revolving ,tho matter in lier mind when thoro was another knock, and a very sweet voico said, li Can I como in?" Bertha wont again to tho door and 5'penid it. A beautiful woman, handsomely dressed, stood thoro: Bertha thought her lovely, but thero was a strange look in her faco, and she seemed to survoy her with a deep. and. Bearcliing interest. At last she' seemed to.liqvo satisfied her .curiosity, and turning her byes away, Bortha heard her sigh. "Miss \VMtc," said. tho lady, want to talk to you;. if only for a tew minutes, upon a matter tliat docs not admit of delay." Bertha now recognised her. She had often seen hor .looking out"1 -of tho windows of tho boardingrliousb, when sho was passing.' Bho' showed her. in, pondering in her own. mind 'what this eventful night' would bring forth. ' "Miss; White," said tho' girl, " you do not recogniso mo, yot I know you well, and havo known'y'ou for niany yearn; Then, however, you were in a, vastly different position to what you aro now, but," alio, added,." that has .not. altered you." . ... Bertha looked . at lier in nn astonished way. Tho woman mrzed earnestly at Bertha, and then burst info tears. . . 1 "You aro bodutiful," she said, "111 spito of nil; beautiful, beautiful.- Aii! I don't wonder now. that Jiblovcd you 1" ; Bortha begafi to wonder whotlicr her visitor .was deranged; and begaif to fool alarmed.- - '.You may Well look astonished," said1 tlio< giri ; but when I tell you who I am, you will wonder ho more'. ,. 'Iam Mnggiol" . . A crimson flush suffused Bertha's check. Then this was tho woman who hiid; brought division hot ween her and Jack, and who had mado her cast him off: ' ' "Don'.t ha angry with me," said Maggie; "it's 'all, over ' now. He nover loved" mo,. I bpliovo lio hated mo at last. ' I was to blamo throughout. ; I thought I could steal his lovo; but'-I only succeeded in giving to mysolf a lifo without -tho.sliglitcst.hopO'of tiio lovo that nlono Could brighten it." . ' Bortha's-noblo soul was roused when she , saw. tlus popr jgirl aroused to such emotion.- How well sho could understand her— sho who i loved Jaok bo. passionately , and hopelessly ' herself. '' ' "Oh, yes 1" snid Maggie, "how madly' I loved Jack, and ho nover returned it." Hco hero," sho epntinucd, putting her hand into her bosom and drawing thoncoa miniature ; .v this is all I 'havo loft; it nover quits my breakt." V: .. Bertha looked at it. '.There was tho noblo, handsome faco of tlio .boy. thoy loved. "Ma'ggio liisscd it with feverish hfdor, nnd returned it to her breast. ...At this, Bortha's faoa'flushcd again, for sho could not keep down ftt- joalous feeling. But, ' remembering tlio disastrous effeota o! her jealousy, sho strove to triumph over it,...' v "AVhata happy, thoughtless' lifo I lived," said Maggie, " until I mot hhn. Theh my whole soul concentrated into that hopeless lOVO." ' Bortha -did not know what to say.- She would likq to comfort Maggie/ but laiew not, how to proceed. "But it was not for tlio purposo.of.orying over my lost'lovo that I came here to-night," said Maggie.. "I camo to warn'you of wliat seems to mo to mean you somo peril." " How?" asked Bertha. ; " ..."Whon I left. Grit," said Maggiorr-" then Jaok was lost to me — I waa so wearied of 'being a barmaid, that I turned- my attention to tho stago, being a good singer— you re member I was a mombcr of the Cfrit Dramatic Club, and I have taken a' fair position' hero. I live in the ncxt( house, which is a great resort of tho profession. It is of course a Vory; fino ' place, and admirers of tho stage come thoro, among whom 1b a Mr. Claok, a warehosc- man, whom I have noticed behind tlio sconce/ Ho is at our plaoo now, and I noticed him 'in' grave conversation with Alius Domby, a bouffd actress, whoso principlcs'l doubt: Thoy sent' tho servant out to.your pldco, And I Burnilscd Mr. Olabk lmd some end -to atiain. Tho girl was hero?" . ' .'Yea," said . Bertha,, hor faco becoming' ashy white. . ' "Havo nothing to do with - thorn," said Maggio. . ' ; . . . " I am so very poor," moanqd Bortlia. "'and ttio offer of work was most/ tempting, I have beon dismissed'.frou tho' warohouso--' Mr. Claok's." 'I will bo your friend," 'said Maggie.'-" "T owo you reparation. I lmvo 'infliotcd suf fering and sorrow upon you, nnd ero I (lio I must pay it baok with interest."- .» . . "No, no, Maggie,'' paid Bortha.. " it' was; my fault as well as yourp. I was too oxaot? ing— too jealous of a noble man!" And these two women, each bound together by tho love of ono man,, clasped hands. It was easy to see, however, that poor Maggie Buffered deeply. Sho know Bho could havo no share in his lovo. Yot, strango' to say," at tMs moment tho idea that sho could do some thing for him v by succoring tho woman ho loved, Bccmcd to give her., comfort and strength., ' ' - '« ' ' CHAPTER LVT ' Whilo tho two girls stood clasping each other's hand, and thinking of tho aliscnt;dcar one, stops 'were heard outside. Both girls listened. "This is tho house," Uioy heard a voico say, , - Thon all was silent. " Mfss White," said Maggio, " I feel happier than I havofolt for many a day at being of scrvico to ono poor Jack, so dearly loves. My advico Is to leavd tho neighborhood as quickly and quietly as you can. I know you require money, but wliatover you want I'll lend. Let mo do that as soma reparation. Don't deny mo tlio privilege of doing something for ono 1 lmvo so injured." " I tlmnk you from my heart," replied Bertha. "I might havo been even more jealous had I known you were so -noblo a giri. 1 havo dono you nn injustice." " Bless you for tlicso words," said Maggio, a bright look coming into her faco. " Oh I no wonder ho loved you, for you arc, indeed, an angel." Another knock camo to tho door. Both girls started. " Is Miss White in ?"vaakcd a fomalo voico. Bertha went to tho door. A woman with a haggard face, and dressed in rags, stood without. Both Bertha and Maggio gazed at her as if they recognised her. " Ay, you may stare," said tho woman with a shiver. " You ought to know mo. Don't you know Mrs. Maclnfiis?" The girls gnvo a start as if a spectre had appeared to them. "Don't tliink I'm a ghost," said iho creature ; " I wish I was." "Impossible," said 'Maggio; "Mrs. Mucin- nis died somo timo ago in tlio Luaatio Asylum." "No, sho did not," replied I'nnlonco; for this was sho; " it's a long story, but Ihavon't timo to tell you all about it now. There's a man dying hoxt door, whom both of you knowl" "Who?" asked both in bewilderment. " Bunakuni," was tho reply. Both stared. Reminiscences of tho past, in which this man nnd woman had played suoh important parts, camo thronging through /their minds. ' Much as Bertha was surprised and confused, sho could not but reflcot'what a narrow cscapo sho had in not marrying Hector Macoinnis. Sho now raw that man in such a repulsive light that sho'folt greater terror at tho recollection of tho look .ho had given lior. tlmt ovoning than at Glack's persecution. What would bo tho end? : "You wouldn't liavo a shilling about, yon, sweet ladies ?" said tho woman ; " I just want ,to fetch a drop to comfort tho poor ojid man beforo ho dies. , Maggio pulled out hor purse,' and gave tho orono half-a-crown. How hor oyes glittered,' and what a look of satisfaction camo into hor facoi . "I'lT'Lo back in a moment, and bring you to him," said sho and Bho darted to tho hotel. "Thero she goes," said Maggie, ''seeking tfioroof thopoiBon that has ruined her,- and that wretched man." ' ' ' " How strango all this is, said Bertha.". " Nothing is strango in this world.1' was tho 'reply. Look how soundly that girl sloops. Sho. knows nothing of -trouble. Happy, happy girl!" By this timo tho bundlo'of rags, whom wo. 'supposowo must call a woman, returned, carrying' a black bottlo, out of which, how- over, sho bad herself partaken freely, for sho stopped lighter, and her eyes bcanicu. " Como, this way, Miss "White," sho Baid j "Oh, won't Bunakum bo glad whonho soes tho drink. It'll put lifo into Mm, and perhaps 'after all ho will get over it this time, although I doubt if ho'll last tho week out," Slio opened tlio- door, and tho. two girls entered the raisqrabla liovol. Wbat a slght was presented to them. - ; On a stretbhorlay a-wildlooking old mam His featares were pinched with famine, Ms eyes were red and bloodshot, and his -'grey matted hair -fell around Ms shoqldors in cif-. locks/ Hist thin bony fingers clawed tho air now and then, as lio moaned in agony. Iq recognised tho two women at oncaj'and appeared to feel somo relief at their presouco. "Jack, JdckJ" raid Bunakum feebly1; ."is ho. with you?" r , > Berflia gazed upon tho man with pity.' Sho could' hardly realise tho extraordihary'ovehts .that had transpired sin co- eho had first scon. , Bunakum, : Heaven': what a whirl of wonder-' ,ful, changes and transitidns there had,;bccn." To think that it had all oomo to this.- , . ' : '"He is not ljera," said Bortlia; " said Bunakam, 'sinking 'back as if his last hope „wero gone. "Where is he? where is ho ? ' I must seo my boy boforo I die. I must seo him and tell him all." Bortlia now remembered the dark mystery that hung about tliis man— tho myBtcry wliich Jack-had often told hor it was his only desire to fathom. Oh ! that ho , were here, ' Can't you send for him ?" said Bunakum, fretfully,: "Ho must dome, , for my tiino is short.' . ; . ; : . .."All/right, old man," raid Prudbneo; "we'll send for liim soon, for these, kind ladies liave: money. But just to keep, your, heart up.tako a.difop." ; ! v . How his face brightened when ho saw Pru- deneo pour into a tumbler tlio dark 'brdnuy. Eagerly. lie seized it, his hand trembling liko, an aspen., How his teeth chattered 1 ..But onco ho had swallowed tho draught ho seomed inspired with how life. . ' " Moro, more," lib asked. "No, no," said Prudcnco; " I'll give you somo by.and-lw?." Ho. was not satisfied, and his eye followed (ho blaok bottlo wistfully. Both Bertha and Maggio shuddered as thoy saw this. ' " This is tho end of (ho drunkard," said Maggio to Bortha, V Yes," replied Bortha; "it should bo a warning to all." # "How. unavailing I" sold Maggie, with a sigh. "Tlio demon is remorseless. Wiat can wo do with tliis man?" Bcrtlip could, not tell. Her heart , yearned to do something for her lover's father, fallen asho'wds. . ' 'i ' ».Ho is dying," continued Maggio. "Tho best thing to do would bo to scfid for his son." "How could wo send for him?" asked Bertha. "> "I . will , despatch a messenger," ' said Maggio. . ; ; ' , ; ' . Bunakum was looking at thorn in a rest less, troubled way. . ' ; "Ahl" said ha at last, " no ono carcs. for tlio old .man now; Mb voico- falls flatly on tlio ears of all. But why? ; Because . tho cars that onco listened to mo are dust; and ashes years ago. Yen! tho. minors of Grit are dead, and'it is timo tho old man was dead, /too. But,' sond for Jack. Ho wants ven geance on Hcotoi' Macinnis; ho shall, havo it— lio shall havo it. . Ho wants vengeance on Obadiah Swcotcomfort ; ho shall havo it--. lio shall havo it. Sond for him ! Thoy como. round mo, tho spirits of tho dead and damned, —and ory out for my company.' Let him :como boforo I join tho army "that is march ing on to ..perdition; Old mates arq round mo; but thoy aro now 111 torment. O, God! why am. I not dead? Death! hell! ony- ' ' " ' '' '' " thing; rather than this 1" And I10 shrieked in agony, and covered his faco with his hands. Vain effort; how can wo Bhut'out that which is within ourselves ! y This man has some terrible secret on his mind,?' said Maggie, " and ho must seo Jack. Come Bortha, let us leave him. Hero, Mrs. Macinnis ; tako this, it will assist yon for a while." 4 And handing Prudcnco a sovereign Moggie drew Bertha out of tho houso. They did not notico tho chucklo that worthy gave. As for Bunakum, -ho shrieked when tho girls, left ; but Bertha soothod him with tlio assuranco that ho would seo Jack soon. Bcrtha.found her fathor up, in a very ex: cited state/ "What, do you think?" raid ho in sharp tones, so veiw different from his usual utter ances ; " I dreamed that I saw that wretch Bunbkam'corae up to my bcdsido .whon I was asleep, and I heard his voico plainly. When I wolco I thought I heard . him again. Can ho bo hereabouts, Bertha ?" Bho soothed him, and and waking up tho nurscgirl, sent her to bed. Maggio now bade her good-night. ' # "Keep up your heart, Mfss WMto," sho" raid ; " 1 will send a message for Jock by tho first train. Alt will bo well." < o "Well," repeated Maggio as sho went home. " Well I No, no, not with mo. Thoy will at least bo happy, wliilo I— I — " And her companions for tho first timo, agreed that Maggio was in very bad spirits. Bertha- hardly slept tliat night. Slio know that her position was ono of great difficulty— almost afono and helpless in a great city with only ono friend, ana that friend her former rival, Maggie. CHAPTER LVI. Ah mo I Ms eyes onco moro Aro gazing into mlno ; But ah 1 not u of yore. No hopes for mo thero sliino ; Llko somo poor blasted treo When wintcrVstornis Itavo fled, All verdant round I see, While 1 am bare and dead. Tlio hrcczcs<omo and go O'er fields wlicro flowers bloom ; No chango ray soul can kuow, Fixed is my dreary doom. Of hope no tender leaf My withered branch can show ; No flower snvo that of grief, No whisper but of woo 1 - Tlio fogs and mists of early morning were hanging over tho city, when a lady dressed in plain garments stepped on tho railway plat form at Spcncer-stroot, where tho early train for Grit was waiting. A heavy veil hid her features ; but the general appcaranco was that of a respcctablo imddlo-agcd woman, who had seen much of this world's toil. Yot sho purchased a first-class ticket, which some what surprised tho othor passengers who wero crowding' round tho littlo pigeon hole, whenco a- sleepy clerk, cursing tho system of early trains in his inmost heart, was handing out tickets. Just as sho has purahased the magical bit of paper, a gentleman gavo her a push, and, thrust afivo-pound note into tho clerk's hand. Tho lady turned round < and looked at tho rudo man. Hor faco flushed, and sho quietly moved away, without, how-: ever, losing sight of him. , Tho woman was Maggio, and tho domineer- : ing gentleman Obadiah Bwcetcomfort. Ho had filled out, and looked very comfortable,, very wealthy. Thero was an assumption in his gait, agoncrallyindepohdcntflwaggcr, that told all ho was a wealthy man, ono who folt. ho should obtain the homago of Ms follow men, if . ho did not- havo their respect. Maggie, kopt a keon eye on hira/' and noted tho carriflgo ho ohoso. Sho oritored tho noxt, whioli was 'nnocoupied,' and in a fow momonts tho train sped away . into the.swanlps with its rather small load of half- awake , travellers, who wore maligning tho destiny that took thorn out of a warm bed at so oarlyjan hour, to bp jolted a hundred miles. Maggio was not one of these ;, she had< been awako all tho night, 'and the burning fever in her veins kept sleep at a distance. In a fow bouts she would meet thoman who was to. her dearer than life ; th6 man for whom sho- entertained passionate but hopeless Ioye, 'whioh must remain, however, unsatisfied. Sho was going to him, not to jjlcnd her own causo, not to - try and obtain Ins lovo, but to place him in a position to renew Ms lovo lor another— to.bridgo tho ocean tliat had' separ ated thom so long. And yet, did Bho regret tMs ? No ! : Sho know that so far as sho wtyi concerned tho bloom of lifo had passod away- for ovorleaying tho dull, dead fiowor. to fado into dust. But. if. she mado him happy,, if Sho contributed to tho peace and joy 'of ono who desorvod his lovo, sho felt that sho would bo doing what. was her duty, and. lay ing tho: foundation of tho pcaco and rest that over como from doing our? duty:. Bertha had .wakened, within her bettor and nobler feel ings. . After anightof.jlistraoting rcflcotion, of tears, passion, sho had beeh enabled to seo lifo in a batter and less selfish aspect. There was to hor ' a kind of ' sublimo pleasure in making happy the man she loved/ even at the expense "ot her own heart. Bho . was donying herself, and Bolf-denial gives greater happiness than. any: other virtue '.'She know that oho must bo prepared that day to suffer uhuttoriablo anguish, to trample upon all tho feelings of hor deep passionate nature, and to'bear'her oross through tho thorns and briars ofjsolf- abnegation. . Yot nover for one moinenc did sho falter in her purposo; no, hot oven whilo tears' like rain fell from her cyqs; not when ! tho. domon stood beforo hor. and; placed temptation 'after temptation in hor way.. Sho was struggling with hor feolingB when. sho olianccd to' hear Obadiah Sweetcomfort's voico. Hp had raised it, and the words could be heard in tho next carriage. V "Tho ground's not much account," said lio; "that's right perhaps, but thon it is on tlio lino of'tho Hesporus, reef, And it may turn-out good somo- timo. V But thon you know, Sniokors, tlmt is not my aim. I always havo a purpose. Jack Mcldon is/malung a living out of it, and I mean to Btop;him. You can't tell, Snickers, howlhatothat fellow. Ho has always been tho black spot in my life, Whdn I was a boy I, as boys ab, 'foU in lovo with old .White's daughter, and so did lie. ' What do' you think? : Ho struok mo onco, and I ran away. I'm a physical 'cowarti, andcan't fight, , although I wish I could, and foil in a puddle. Thoy nughcfl nt mo, laughed at mo. Itrings'inmyhcarstotliisday. Thon when wo grow dp lio disputed my- sway amongst tho minors, and foiled mnny otmy schcmes.- But I could forgivo ovorytliing oxcopt. his taking- Bortha from me." # '"You don't mean to. say," said Another person, whom Maggio Identified as- Sniggle Bnickcttj, "that you go in for tho niclq- dramatib business, ro-v-o- ngo?" "Paughl" said. Obadiah, "I don't think of that, I hate him. It plcascs'mo to seo Mm down in tho dust, and I am ono of .thoso who beliovojin having my way, no- mattor what otliora suffer." : Bmggld' Sniokors, laughed in a short, dry way;'. " Yes," continued Obadiah, "I boliovo in gratifying my foolings; and next to a good dividend, tho abdsoment of thoso I linto pleases mo best; andldohato him! and in making him suffer ho has . afforded mo greater pleasure than /my best friends. 'Fancy T I absolutely saw him without shoes to Ms feet, , and with hardly a stitch to his book, and offorcd him money.' Eanoy that! Tho man wlio lorded it in Grit oho timo. Why, it whs suoh a treat, that I nover. think' of it without rubbing my hands." Another short laugh. ' - . : V" ' a -i "When I. was up in Grit 3a$t time," con- ' tinued Obadiah, "I saw him working in a j! J shaft on Bcarccrow Hill, aud' at onco took ' \ note that tho conditions hadn't bceli complied <r . with, for thero onghfe to havo been two men at \, j work, where there was only ono; so I'm doter- ) i mined to jump thoclaim, and that's why Igo ) up. to Grit to-day. Moro than tlmt, I found K out tlmt ho was Jiving with his old friond, the > man you supplanted, William Brown. " I know Brown was mining manager for tlio " ' . ® j Western Reef Company, and I wont straight , lb tho bank and told' tho manager to, como , . down upon tho claim. Old Keenman was a. littlo stubborn at first, but when I told him v. » Jaok ytas kept at work tlirough Brown being employbdat tho Western Root mine, ho agreed | to do it at onco. Ho hates Jack, too." \ "YcS|'! said Snickers, vciy drily, "Jack made Jus fortune.'' ; " "And ho mado mine, too,"- said Obadiah . \ i with a chucklo; "only it was in ignorance. ; I But let's speak of business. I've bought up 7 all tho Hesperus Extended shares now thoy £ are so low, and I want to start a crosscut to the west. I know there's a reef in that . j. direction. At all ovents, I'll manipulate tho : re market with your assistance, and raito tho ' '/l sliore3 sufficiently liigli to mako a profit ont t'j of them." /j "How many havo you not?" asked - i(f Snickers. . Hi '.Ten thousand and odd," was the reply; y I have them alt hero in my pocket-book, t « and I mean to havo them transferred into my |i name." I; "Tlien yoa'vo nono in yonr namo now." < ftg " Not ono of these is in my name," was tho g| reply ; " I'vo only that COO I always held to I qualify mo as a director, in my namo. I'll . If step into tbo manager's oflico when wo get up, ' lH and hand tbcra over. No ; by-thc-bye, wo must first mako straight for Jack's claim, and ' h pcit out." j "Wo must go after that to tho Hesperus f Extended," said his companion ; " for I don't | know what diango may have taken place. I Tlio underground manager spoko of water - coming in plentifully, in Ids letter. That's a sign tho reef is near." , , , There was a pause. Maggio bad listened intently to tho conversation, and her face, mado up as sho know so well how to render . R Impossible for Jaok to recogniso her, flushed. v If anything gavo hor tho horror of tho ovil paraions of tlio world, it was this convdr- ) sation. It seemed (o open up to her depths of vlndiotivcness and mo&nncss; sho had hover thought possible. Ono thought engaged her mind, to savo Jack. Bho thought and thought ' ; how sho could effect this, but no schomo appeared fcasiblo. CHAPTER LVH. V At last tho train b teamed' in to Grii, ; '' Maggio. sprang into tho first cab, and told: J( tbo driver to tako her to Scarecrow Hill. As . - it was not far from tho railway 'station sho was soon at WiUiam's hat. v .What a, crowd of tumultuous feelings fillod - hor breast as sho gazed upon tho Bceno. Grit! lay beforo her, hill . and valley,1 streets- arid . V ' buildings,;; all apparently unchanged, just as -j' ' 1 .slio had toon them in happy - years vgono by. : ; In tho dim diatanco Bho saw tho housb whorp : :| eho had lived with hor mother onr tho pror>: ceeds. of hor, scrip : speculations, and where, v; ! Jack had so .oftcn visited, vrith its- graceful - -, . ' cypresses clearly defined. Sholqt6od still for ' a littlo while/ and lot her feelings havo full -' 3 play.'. Ah I' what ) a thing it is toretturh to./'v' ; tho homo of our youth, and to bo confronted ; /v : with the thousand momorica that rise on . every sido;'ohd aovo us to tears. Thehappy ' - V V , hours of careless 'girlhood; the joys of woman- v ' :ii ! hood, tho» joys and agonies of her hopeless" -love, wcro afc onco presont ,withvhor< -'.Hun-' / :;V- drcds of scones in which sho had taken part' j roso before her mental vision. And how she '' : ivas oven worso than a stranger here. ' '.'. V/i - Tears; bitter, bitter tears/ 'reipod ..'down-'".-; Maggie's oheelis, and sheclasped her hands ip <r,v/ spccohlcss agony: This was tho firet stage in : ' tho drear journey of self-abnegation; < ;; ' > Mastering her cmotionj thniBtuig haok into - .j is" tho depths. of her hcart'hor utter. woo arid - mjsory, .the horoio girl walked, towards tho -. hut. A, tidy,' matronly woman wok knead- 1 ; ing dough,;- and singing cheerfully.! at her y . work. , TMs gave poor Maggio anofihiprrpang, ! :> she riomcmbcrcd when she, toQ,'. years 'ago, ' !/ prepared lier .brother's dtontotojust'sudi 'a ; . .. ';-J littlo hut; hoppy.as a lark., Is Mr. Meldon at%'homo'?M ;!Moggi6.-ih--i.;' :Yj qitirod, in a voice suited to hor hpparont age. : < . ! No ma'am," was the reply ; "1 ho and my 1 ' huaband aro at work in tho olanri np thort), . but if you'll sit down a bit 'I'll go,and;.ball'!/ V,-.' him/ ! You look tired, take a fid slio' carefully brushed arthrcc'-legged' , : / stool,, tho un6outh workmnpshipof Jack. , : ' , ' "No thankyou, " replied Ma'ggie, ,"ril go - : < upmysolf.".,.: ; ; . : ' -r- 'v "M ?' Well, if you'll wait tiU I wash 'tho dough off .my. hrinds/" 'said Emily,' " I'R . show yoti V, 1 tho way." .J ! ilite \ras.idori6qui6My, pnd'tho two wtdked - i' up tho hill,! ;. It' was very. trying to Maggio to hear Emily tallc so oheerfuliy. Sho 'scciricd - .to -bo' so; thoroughly, happy/ so free fromcaw, . - tliatit was absolute torture or. her "troxxblcd - v >=' companion .'to listen.- "Whon rthoy vreaobed . v .- tho claim, William was! haaUnfj( up a baokefe of etpne.' Ho soon shouted for Jaok to como up/ nh' m a few minutes ho appeared. . . : . . , - / Again .Maggio looked : at Ins dcar . faoo ; - . again'' she raw tho form that to lior was . all ' the world. ' Ho had altered indeed, but ho ' -was; , if anything, liaridsomcr, '.stronger, moro oha man, . . Thoro was tho. dignity, of labor in - his- bearing, tho; impress of . thorough many . \ i' 1 hood, which ovon his clay-stained dress could hot bide.'"' For; eoveral mhrotcs Maggio was unablo to' speak.; Her heart beat -oonvul. . Bivejy ; licr fnco grow pallid,' her tonguo clovo to' tlio roof of her mouth,'' and lie? lips trembled. Sho felt as if alio could havo filing licreelf into. Ms arms, and died in his latjt embrace.' But sho know tlmt if her resolution was to bo acted upon, Bhomust not fail 111 thohour / ' of trial, and after, a while bIio mastered < herself. ; " I trust you will oxQUse a stranger," snid / she in tremulous tones, very different in- deed from tlio round full vojee that Jaok had -r boon accustomed to hear ; but I como from m a friend 'of yours, who wants to sea you and at, onco Miss Bertha White has sont mo." .It was now Jaek's'tnrn to tromblo and , grow pallid; Bortlia White l it was liko tho sound of tlio last txnmpet colling tlio dead, ami buried into Itfo agate: Bortha WMto! . : His head siyara, hitfkhocs-lai.ockcd together, Ms fingere bluohod nervously. - . Bho was alivo, and wanted to seo him. . Then a great rush of- joy careered tlirough. his heart ; visions of io woman ho loved so : . intently, through his brain, - Only. for ono minute. Soon lio remembered - where ho was, and .tho airy castles tottered into tho dust, bi?aririg with them Ms broken, \ ruinodhorfe. .. ''!-< , ' Sho watebpd him keenly; she saw flio vary- - ing sliad9ws; of emotion orpss liis faco like clouds ovor a sky/ arid slio know that liis lovo - for BertHa- Was- strong as over. And. she—? < v poor Maggior-slio was forgotten. . ; ' It .wad wonderful how., sho stoqiT tlio. fiery ordeal, If thero is anything .moro trying than another 'to a woman, -it is to too hcrsclf-nog-v , looted, whilo ovozy tliought is givon to a rivali But her purpose never faltered.;- . Sho trampled , !upon her lovo'.with; an almost savago fooling . 01 pleasure; with a. wild hope that tliq, pain 1 alio flow suffered -would, bruig ft reword of ponco. Arid wonderful to say, after, a whilo, tliis brought to lier a strango pcaoo and rest, - , suoh assho hadthardly ovor hoped to feel in , tluswprld. . (To he continued.) . ' -'"! ; / ; -v ' ' 