Tlae ILaMIe lews r Hoy. You see that fat, comfortable looking woman," 1 said to a brother journalist who was punishing a cold supper with me lately, that laundress who just went out, after bringing mv clothes home from the wash ?" ' Your definition is a very good one," replied my friend Dall. " She looks fat, comfortable, and, I should judge, she weighed 180 pounds. Is she a widow ?" " Yes." " Well, she's a bonnie-looking, healthy, kind) v looking woman, but I hope you are not Bohemian enough to have any idea of* marrving her," replied my friend Dall. I laughed long and heartily, and then, as the memories of my first meeting with mv honest old laundress came into my mind, I became silent and thoughtful. The further mv memory went back in connection with ood Mrs. Merriam, the more it was hedged with thorns. At last Dall, seeing me musing, said : "Old boy, your grog is untasted and you're thinking about something painful. I'm sorry if I made a joke that hurt you—let us change the subject. Are you going to see the small yachts race on Saturday ?" " My dear Dall," I answered, " most emphatically shall I refrain from witnessing the liliputian plungers cavort around our bay on Saturday, and I have to remark, in addition, that there is no necessity to change the subject. But, if you will hoist up your interminable crural appendages on to the table, and get outside of that grog and blow a cloud, I wilitell you the washerwoman's story." "One act or three?" asked Dall, "because I have to report a meeting of Pecksniffs, at 8 P. M., who are going to try the Sexton on a charge of heresy—guilty of taking snuff and sneezing during the benediction, I believe." Dall is nothing if not absurd, but he put his legs upon the table and retorted: " Fire away, old six-foot-of-misery, and make it short," and I did. But Dall is incorrigible, and just as I was beginning: " About four years ago—" he interrupted with Say, drink your toddy. I know this yarn is an infernal lie, but if you swallow about three ounces of alchool, I have noticed you always talk so much more pleasantly." So I emptied my glass and commenced : About four years ago, when I was on the local staff of the , I was standing chatting with the herculean cashier, when a tiny little boy, very much emaciated, came in and bought ten papers at the regular (newsboy/ rates. '• He must have disposed of them very quickly, for he came in again and again;. until I calculated that he must have-disposed of at least fifty papers. I ' -' That's a smart boy," I remarked to the cashier; "he must have made nearly, a dollar and a half in the last hour.' " Yes," replied that official, thoughtfully; Vbut I sometimes have to trust him for papers. " There's something wrong about him. See how thin he is. Guess he's forced to sell papers, and has a father who takes every cent away from him." " Shouldn't wonder," I answered. " These little street fellows have a tough road to travel." And just as I spoke, I heard the shrill, weak, little voice piping outside the counter, "Ten more papers, please." I left tlie office, Dall, and went round to a saloon on Clay street to get a cocktail before going home; but 1 couldn't get the idea of that little newsboy out of my head and although a party of us were chatting over the election, and a dozen subjects interesting to newspaper men, that little boy's face still stood in the background of my mind's reflections. Ail of a sudden, while we were laughing at one of little L s' jokes, I heard the tiny voice and saw the boy again, with his lips all pinched and looking whiter than ever. This time 1 was determined to find ou something about him. He was watching his opportunity, and when he saw the barkeeper at leisure he pulled his coat timidly, and 1 heard him say: •• Please, Alfred, give me a glass of water and a cracker." The kindly hearted barkeeper, Dall, gave him some bread and cheese, some water with raspberry syrup in it and added ; " Pitch in, little-'un. How's your mother ?" ' "Worse," was the little croak from the bundle of bones, " but I'm bully, you bet; and I sold fifty-seven papers to-night and took the money home. Bet your sweet life, mother was pleased. ;They're mighty good," he chirruped, " to me at the office, and the cashier giv me three extra papers. Made dollar and forty-five cents to-night. We got coal and wood and meat and bread for mother. We're hunky. So long." " Well, Dall, I stood petrified. I had just set the drinks up for the crowd—$1 25—and here was this little fellow working like a beaver, all skin and bone, for his mother, and I felt like a brute." '' Broke you up, as it were, said Dall. " Made me esthetically weary," I replied. "Well, what did you do next? quried Dalk " I didn't do anything for seven nights, but I couldn't get the little beggar out of my mind, and one night I cornered him. He came up and asked me to buy a paper, and, before he could run off after getting his five cents, I said : " Say, sonny ! come and get a cup of coffee and something to eat; you look hungry.'' The little midget looked at me with his bright, sunken eyes for a moment, and said : " Say, sir, you belong to the newspapers, and I've often see you look kind at me, but I don't want no coffee nor nuffen only I can't sell no papers t'night, and if ye'd like to gimme the price of the coffee, I can use it better. " How better?" I asked. "Mother!" gulped the boy. " Bet he was a fraud," said Dall. Fraud ? Well let me tell you. I got that boy to take me up to where his mother lived, and she gave me the whole business. She was getting well of typhoid fever, more by luck than through science, and she had wanted for nothing from the day she sickened until the night I saw her lying white as a ghost and thin as a shadow, on a pallet bed in an alley of Jackson street. "And vou—what did you do?" queried Dall. " Well, I had $30 for my landlady, and all I know is that she didn't get it, and called me a bilk for a whole week." " And the mother and the little newsboy ?" asked Dall. "The mother—well, you saw her just now—looks pretty plump and hearty, don't she ? Takes in washing, and is doing firstrate." " vVherc's her husband—dead ?" " No ; I forgot about that. He is in San Quentin for life. He killed H , dont you remember?" " Yes, I do; but the little newsboy ?" " I can't bear to talk about that yet. He went to sleep in my arms three weeks ago, and lay in them for hours before it was all over." About an hour before the end came, he said: " Mother won't want. I shall ask Him to help her as soon as I see Him—and—and to bless you. Good-bye, mother, goodb " Why, d—n it, Dall, you're crying, as I am a living-sinner. Get out of tliis,*you old humbug, and go and report your Pecksniff meeting, and take a pinch of snuff with the sexton. But my eyes were not exactly dry, either. San Fi\ n:isco News Letter. 