Lawful Swearing. BY REV. J. .0. KJRBT. " For men verily swear by tlie greater, and an oath for confirmation is to tlicm nil end of all strife, wlitreiu God willing, more abundantly to riiow unto tlie heirs of promise tlie immutability of his counsel, confirmed itV>y an oath."—Heb. vi. 16,17. I.—THE NATURE OF THE OATH. The oath proper is a solemn calling on superhuman and divine persons to witness that the testimony a witness gives is true, or that the agreement and covenant a person makes lie will surely perform. In taking an oath there is understood to be a prayer that if the oath-taker should give intentional false witness or should intentionally break his agreement, that then the oath-taker wishes that being, in whose name he takes the oath, would give him due punishment or cause him to forfeit certain privileges. The highest and grandest form of oath, and the one which prevails in our courts of law, is that solemn action whereby we call upon God, the searcher of hearts, the Judge of all mankind, the eternal Creator and King to witness the truth of our witness, or the sincerity of our promises. When we swear by kissing the Bible, we call on the God of the Bible to witness our truth or our faithfulness, and that if we swear falsely we are willing to forfeit all tlie mercies, hopes, and glories God proffers men in the Gospel. II.—PROFANE AND IMPROPER OATHS. But over and above the oaths taken in the name of God, men have and do take a number of other oaths, for example, Louis of France—called " the Great "—and who certainly was great in vilcness, blood, perjury, and vanity—swore not only by God, but by the blood of Christ, by the angels, by tlie saints, by the Virgin Mary, by the -wood of the true cross, by the most sacred relics, and everything he could think of, that he would renounce on behalf of the Bourbon family all right of succession to the Spanish monarchy on the death of Philip, the last of the great house of Castile. Of course, this most Christian king broke all these oaths, as he broke his oaths to his Protestant subjects, whom he harried out of France. The Jews, who were very slow to use the name of God, used to swear by the temple, and by the altar, and bv heaven in private swearing, and were very ready at, such swearing on matters of trilling importance. So you will find among us, people who will refrain from saying " bv God," or " by tlie Holy Ghost," or •' by Christ," or any such forms of blasphemous and profane swearing, who will yet swear by Minerva, or by Jove, or by some other heathen god. Others again presumptuously imitate tlie everlasting God, who swears by Himself because he can swear by no greater, and they will swear by themselves, saying, "By my soul, or by my life, it is so, or I will do so." This is an extremely presumptuous mode of swearing ; for we arc dependent, not self-sustained, as God is. III.—THE USE OF THE OATH. Very often persons under the constraint of the oath will tell tlie truth or keep the agreement, which they would not do if they were not under oath ; and will tell truth and keep truth for the oath's sake, which they would not do for fear of mere human punishment. For example, Herod Antipas was under no fear of human punishment if he should refuse to grant to Hcrodias the head of John Baptist in a charger, nevertheless, for his oath's sake, and for their sake who sat at meat with him, he granted the request of a dancing murderess. This illustrates the power of the oath over the ungodly but superstitious public. A large portion of the ungodlv have a great dread of God, and have good reason "lo dread Him, hence to lay hold of that dread means of the oath often leads to truth and by justice. Now, if as in the case of Herod, the oatli makes a man feel bound even to do great wrong, how much more will it bind all persons with a reverence and true dread of God's majesty to do right and tell truth. The Hon. Mr. Symon cannot understand how a man can feel more bound under an oath than simply when making solemn affirmation ; that siuiply shows that there are more things in heaven and earth than Mr Symon's philosophy has dreamt of. I have been under oath, and though I trust that I always feci great obligation to be faithful and true, I felt the oatli come with an awful weight upon my soul, constraining me to exceeding care over the evidence I gave; and I am certain thousands feel as I do, more especially those who are not constantly taking oaths on trilling matters. IV—AN OATH IS NOT WRONG IN ITSELF. Whatever meaning we may attach to what the Lord Jesus said, and what St. James in substance repeats— " Swear not at all, neither by heaven for it is God's throue, nor by the earth for * it is His footstool," no party, not even the Quakers or the Mennonites, maintains that oaths seriously and truly taken are in themselves wrong ; all that any party teaches id that under the new dispensation of the Gospel oaths are for- bidden. God himself " sware unto Abraham, and because he could sware by no greater he 6ware by liimsclf." Also God swore his oath at the consecration of Christ to be a priest of Melchisedcc order,—" The Lord hath sworn aud will not repent, thou art a priest for ever, after the order of Melchisedcc." Swearing in itself cannot be wrong, if so God would be a sinner. " But who art thou, O, man, who repliest against God ?" God willing more abundautly to show unto the licirs of promise the immutability of" his counsel confirmed it with an oath. The Old Testament makes mention of twenty-three oaths taken by the Almighty in his communications to men. Again, in the law of Moses express provision for, and injunctions to administer oaths are to be found. God himself required that in certain cases persons shoul d swear ; and God will never require that, which is in itself wrong. When tempted of the devil, our Saviour quoted from Deuteronomy vi. 13—" Thou shalt worship the Lord thy God, and" Him only shalt thou serve." Tlie verse finishes "and shall swear by His name." Elijah, tlie Tishbite, that man so marvellously holy that he ascendcd to heaven without dying, as a fitting reward for his extraordinary services and sufferings for the kingdom of God, first appears on the page of history us fuking an oath, for in 1 Kings, xvii. 1, Elijah says, " As the Lord liveth, before whom I stand, there 6hall be neither dew nor rain these years, but according to my word." The prophet Micaiah also swore by the iifc of Jehovah. There can be no question but that men can holily call God to witness by the 6olcnm solemnity of the oath. But while oaths were enjoined in certain cases in the Old Testament, and were used by the prophets, and while the Gospel is guaranteed by God's oath to Abraham, and God's oath to Christ as the Melchisedee priest, are not the followers of Christ in these days of the Gospel themselves forbidden to swear ? In Matt. v. 34, Christsays, " ButI say unto you,'Swear not at all; neither by heaven, for it is God's throne; nor by the earth for it is bis footstool; neither by Jerusalem, for it is the city of the great King; neither shalt thou swear by thy head, because thou canst not make one hair white or black ; but let your communication be Yea, yea; Nay, nay ; for whatsoever is more than that cometh of evil." The language of St. James is similar. Quakers, Mennonites, and many other good people, have thought that by these Scriptures, Christians are now forbidden under any circumstances to use an oath. Many Christians on taking an oath feel very doubtful about what they are doing. Quakers have laid in gaol and died, sooner than take an oath. But while the way of salvation is so clearly laid down in the Bible that a wayfaring man, though a fool, need not err therein, the Bible is not to be understood with equal ease upon all points. I consider this question of oaths is not one of the things—on which it is easy to discover the teadiings of the New Testament. Though educated partly at a Quaker's school, and holding that body in the "profoundest respect, I believe that the New Testament sanctions, and does not forbid the oath on proper occasions:—I hold this on the following accounts. Christ is our great Exemplar. We are to follow in his steps. When he stood before the High Priest on trial for his life on charge of blasphemy, the High Priest said, " I adjure thee by the living God tell us whether thou be the Christ or no!" In this manner the High Priest put Christ upon his oath, and the Lord Jesus did not refuse but accepted the oatli, and made answer, " Hereafter ye shall see the Son of Man coming in the clouds of heaven." Thus in language well understood by them, he on oath claimed to be the Christ. And on the strength of his own sworn testimony they condemned the Lord Jesus to death. I cannot think that Christ would do what he positively forbids us to do. He took an oath in court of justice on an occasion of solemn moment. If I take an oath in a court of justice I follow his example. I therefore think that when the Saviour forbade us to swear, he did not refer to judicial oaths, nor to swearing in cases of great importance in private life I believe that our Saviour simply meant to forbid profane thoughtless swearing in ordinary conversation. This is a vile practice, to which Easterns are much given ; says Dr. Thompson, " This people are fearfully profane. Everybody curscs and swears when in a passion. No people t hat I have ever known compare with these Orientals for profaneness. The people now use the very same sort of oaths that are mentioned and condemned bv our Lord. They swear by the head, by their life, by heaven, aud by the temple, or what is m its place, the church. The forms of cursing and swear- ing, however, are almost pained ear all day long."— infinite, and fall upon the The Land and the Book. Now this is just the sort of profane swearing which Christ absolutely forbids, as is plain from the nature of tlie oaths he mentions, viz., oaths by heaven, by the earth, aud by one's head, but he makes no mention of solemn oaths in the name of God. I suppose St. Paul understood the Sermon on the Mount, and delighted in obedience to Christ, and yet we find St. Paul taking oaths on several occasions- Rom. i. 9, " God is my witness, whom I serve with my spirit in the Gospel of'His Son, thai without ccasing I make mention of vou always in my prayers." Rom. ix., 1, "I say tiie truth in Christ, I lie not, my conscience also bearing me witness in the Holy Ghost.' 2 Cor. i. 2, 3, " Moreover I call God for a record upon my soul, that to spare you I came not as yet uuto Corinth." Moreover in the book of Revelation an angel lifts up his hand, and swears by Him that liveth for ever and ever. Hence, on comparison of Scriptures I hold it lawful for a Christian to swear. More especially as Isaiah xv., 16, prophesies of the millennial kingdom. " That he who blcsscth himself on the earth shall bless himself in the God of Truth (literally the God, Amen), and he that sweareth in the earth shall swear by tlie God of Truth." If the millennial saints are to use the oath, surely we who arc compassed about with doubts and fears and with the ungodly, may do the same. In the language of Dr. Morison, " It surely cannot be wrong to lift up the soul to God, as the witness, and patron, and defender, and avenger, of truth. It surely cannot be wrong to appeal to God;—a godly man, a man who communes with God, cannot help such appeats in one form or another." Cicero justly and wisely explams an oath as a religious affirmation. ABUSE OF THE OATH. While there is a use, and a lawful use, of the oath to the Christian man, there is without doubt very considerable abuse of the oath, in proceedings pertaining to the Courts of Justice and the administration of government. People are called to take oaths on very trifling matters, such as the recovery of petty debts, the payment of dutic3 of small amount, the prosecution for trifling offences. I would abolish many of the requisitions for oaths, but for all crimes of the rank of misdemeanour and felony, I should require the oath excepting from those who have conscientious objections to the use of oaths; because society ought not to deprive itself of any lawful means of obtaining truth and justice. I believe one reason why perjury prevails as much as it does is the irreverent manner in which oaths have been demanded of persons for trivial matters. But if I was being tried for my life, or if I was a juryman when a fellow creature's life was at stake, I should like the evidence on oath, and God called to witness ; and I expect that if Mr. Symon was being tried he also would like the same. Christsays "let your communications be Yea, yea, Nay, nay, for whatsoever is more than these cometh of evil." Certainly if a person interlards his conversation with oaths and profane expressions, constantly taking God's name in vain, that comes of evil, out of evil passion and evil thoughtlessness and irreverence. So also the need to use tlie holiest oaths cometh of evil, the need why God should swear twenty-three times in the Old Testament comes from the evil heart of unbelief in the children of men. The need for the oath is evil, but that does not make the oath evil. The oath in its true purpose and meaning is good, very good, for it is intended to console in sorrow, to overcome evil suspicion, and to afford a basis for that faith and confidence which are so needful. BLESSED OATHS. THOSE OF MEN. Listen to Martin Luther, who says in his commentary oil lfosea,—" When I see any one in spiritual need anil danger, weak in the faith, or with a desponding conscience, or of an erring judgment or the like, then ought I not only to comfort, but also besides to swear to strengthen his conscience and to say ' As true as God lives aud Christ 1ms died, so, verily, is this tlie truth in God's Word.' And similarly too, when one 1ms to clear one's neighbour's character, and to save his honour against evil and poisonous calumniators, there one may even say, 'Before the living God injustice is done to him,' for this is altogether a good use of God's name, to the honour and truth of God and the safety and happiness of our neighbour." GOD'S OATH TO MEN. How greatly may we rejoice in that great oath of the everlasting God. What encouragement to a poor sinner to trust in Him. In Ezekiel xxxiii. 11, God says, " As I live, saith the Lord God, I have no pleasure in the death of the wicked, but that tlie wicked turn from his way and live. Turn ye, turn ye, from your evil ways, for why will ye die, O, House of Israel?" What confidence we may have in the priesthood of Christ, when we remember the oath by which the everlasting God consecrated Christ to the eternal priesthood,— " The Lord hath sworn and will not repent, Thou art a priest for ever after the order of Mclcliisedec." What confidence we may have in the grace of God's counsel in tlie Gospel, He shows us its certainty and unchangeableness by an oath. In the language of Owen I say, " Methinks this should put an end to all thy strife, O, sinner, we have God's promise and His oatli, and what would we have more ? He is of an infinite, loving, and tender nature, He entreats us to come to Him, and swears we shall not suffer by our doing so. Ever then, O souls of men, turn to the faithful God, who performed the oath He sware unto Abraham, yea, trust the immutable counsel of His salvation. For He hath confirmed it by an oatli." 