THE SUEZ MAIL. OUR LONDON LETTER- tvboh our own correspondent/ London, lGtli December. wo approach nearer and nearer to tho tsircfng Parliamentary session, tho prognosti cations as to what Government bills we are in have, nnd tho expressions of opinion ns to bat we should have, get more frequent and more clear. With tho former it is needless to deal here, because their correctness or fallacy will havo been proven ny nine ucioro mis totter reaches Melbourne. With regnrd to the latter, it is Troland whicli monopolise3 tho attention of the critics, and tho old adage, Sot homines quat scntcntia-, fairly expresses the . prevailing oninion as to what shoul-1 be done. One party tell 113 trial by jury should be sus pended : another that Irish prisoners— cer tainly prisoners charged with agrarian crimes — ahou'd bo brought over to Loudon to be tried; while others urge the proclamation of martial law and the absolute suspension of tho Habeas Corpus Act. There is agreement on ' one point, and one point only — something must be done ; and when one reviews the growing state of disorder which exists one almost despairs of effecting anything by con cessions and conciliations. In November 220 agrarian crimes were reported from Ireland, which tho authorities classify under the following heads : — Murders, 2 ; 6ring at persons, 17 ; assaults on police, 1 ; grievous assaults, 7 ; assaults endangering life, 6 ; as saults on bailiffs and procoss servers, 21 ; in cendiary fires and arsons, 16 ; firing into 1 lwollings, 23 j injuries to property, 38 ; in- urios to railway trains or highways, 2 ; resist- ng legal process, 1 ; attacks on houses, 3 ; ntimidations, 320 ; administering unlawful oaths, i j robbery of arms, 7 j wounding or ihaiming cattle, 15. The total of 520 is dis tributed over the four Irish provinces as fol lows : — Ulster, 44 ; Leinster, 129 ; Con- j naught, 115 ; Munstor, 237. Unsatisfactory . though the total is, it must not bo forgotten that many of tho so-called outrages were of a . yery insignificant kind, and tho appropriation cf the crimes over tho four provinces is not alto- gather without a reasoning influence. In Ulster, where tho crimes are least, it is that the Ulster custom of tenant rights, which nave now been extended over the whole country, have existed ever since \- 1870, nnd it is surely not an ill- founded generalisation that when the ' tenantry elsewhere understand that their 1 grievances have been abolished, entirely as the \- Liberals say, almost entirely as the Irish them- \- selves admit, we shall find the comparatively- peaceful state of Ulster general throughout the country. Since my last letter five additional sub-commissions have been appointed, and this of course speaks volumes as to the extent to which applicants for relief under the act are coming forward. Wliiio this is the condition of things in Ire land — outrages increasing, and at the same time tho remedial portions of tho Land Act more and mure widely availed of — in London the awkward dilemma in which a Government desiring to conciliate, yet forced into coercing of nocessity, finds itself is made the most of by Its political opponents. Tho Conservative party are in much the position of Iago after Le had been advising Roderigo to slay Cossio, / Whether ho hill Cnsslo, Or Cualo him, or each do kill tho other, Every way makos my gain— Oasslo and Itoderigo being respectively the Liberal party and tho Irish tenants. Prompted by Conservative wire-pullers, the new Lord . Mayor has started a movement in tho city for _ Organising means for the defence of property . in Ireland, and it is of course said by those . who wish to believe all the ill they can of the . present Government. What a pass things mnst . . have come to when the municipal authorities of the metropolis havo to usurp political func- /lions, and protect those whom the Govern ment wilfully neglect." This, however, . tnay be readily dismissed as so much , bunkum, and the Lord Mayor's committee , :lvlUonlybe effective — but in tills respect it ; may be most effective as a charitable organisa- . Hon. The Tories, who are to-day inclined to say that Imperial funds should be voted for the , gellof or for thn partial relief of the im poverished landlords, have unusually short t memories. It surely is not forgotten by them chat, when It was proposed that the funds of tho disestablished Irish Church should furnish " Something towards the relief of the tenants, ' the Tory press and party rose in arms against the so-called sacrilege, and thoy can scarcely . be ' heard now to say that Imperial funds ' Bliould be voted for the benefit of the land- ' lords, seeing how vehemently they opposed a similar courso in favor of the tenants. ' . One sensational crime always seems to bring ; another in its wake. Evil spirits, according to Sjino authorities, hunt in couples, and evil eods of a certain class, always appear to ' come in " twos or threes." Lcfroy's murder ' of Mr. Gould was scarcely forgotten by the sen- 1 Ration mongers when another strange death r and apparent murder, equally sensational nnd equally mysterious, took place. Mr. Percy ' Malcolm John, the deceased gentleman, was a " , pupil at Blenheim House school, Wimbledon, '".and he was occasionally visited there by. his ' brother-in-law, a Dr. Lawson, whose wife was ' entitled to certain property if her brother ' should happen to die intestate and without an ' heir. Mr. John wob paralysed in his lower ; extremities, but otherwise lie was reasonably , healthy, and he was kept in the school partly '"M patient, partly as pupil. On a recent Saturday evening Dr. Lawson camo to see his \- brother-in-law. and ho had half-an-hour or an , hoar's gossip with him in the.presonce of the /head master of the echool. Whilo drinking a ' glass of BherryrDr. Lawson asked for a little sugar to destroy the alcoholic effcot of the highly brindled wine he was drinking, and / when this was brought him hq produced same ' O © and sweets from his bag, of which oil th-eo seem to have partaken. After a few minutes of . general conversation, Dr. Lawson , -so--® >e had something else in his bag, ; and ho produced a couple of boxes of jujube fwputlle wbb, which be gave to the sohool- master, " thinking they might bo useful when physicking the boys." The master ato ono nnd found it innocent enough, but whilo doing so lie noticed that the doctor was filling ono apparently of tho same kind — whether it was so or not is another question — with sugar from the basin, and this he gave to Mr. John to oat. Mr. John ate it readily enough, nnd very shortly afterwards Dr. Lawson wont away. Less than half-an-hour later tho deceased began to complain of heartburn, and being interrogated, lie made the suspicious renin k, " my brother must have given me one or the quinine pills, as I feel the same kind of pain I hud 111 Shanklin after lie gave me one." In stead of improving, the pain gradually got worse, until, after about tlircu hours of torture, Mr. John died with all the signs about hiin of irritant poisoning. Meanwhile Dr. Law- son had disappeared, nnd for about a week nothing was known ns to his movo- monts. Suspicion of course fixed upon him S3 the murderer of his brother-in- law, and a warrant was issued for his apprehension. A day or two ago, however, lie quietly walked into tho police office at Scotland Yard nnd yielded himself up, demanding a full investi gation, being confident, ns lie said, of his power to clearly establish his innocence. lie wns duly taken before a magistrate, charged with the murder, and tho witnesses against him examined, hut nothing more has at pre sent been olicitcd beyond what I have above detailed. The affair is creating a good deal of excitement in general and medical circles, and public opinion "is, of courso, pretty decided in the view of the case it takes. What that view is your readers will imagine for themselves. For Dr. Lnwson'B sake, let us hope it will prove to he erroneous. The result of the Londonderry election wns not only a disappointment to Sir Samuel Wil son, but it was a severe shock to the Tory party. Originally tlicro were three candidates in the field — Mr. Porter, tho Solicitor-General and Government candidate ; Sir Samuel Wilson, tho Tory nomineej and Mr. Dempster, the Land Leaguer. Before tho election, how ever, Mr. Dempster retired, and exhorted liis supporters in a valedictory address to Enpport Sir Samuel. Despite this "unholy" alliance Mr. Porter was returned by a substantial ma jority, and the only consolation tho Tory adherents could find wns in the somowhat commonplace suggestion of bribery and undue influence. Defeated candidates aro fond of throwing mud at their opponents, and I am afraid that Sir Samuel will find little else but the desire of his supporters to justify tile rather wild and vngue talk which has been in dulged in. Electioneering placards are never especially noteworthy for their ingenuousness. Agents say what will " take " rather than what is wise and true ; and it is only in . his placards and posters that his Tory critics find the head and front of Mr. Porter's offending. Somo of his placards undoubtedly suggested that by voting for Mr. Porter tho electors would ensure fair rents, moaning thereby that they would, by supporting the policy of that party which had passed the Land Bill, tend to ensure its further develop ment. This placard has been ingeniously twisted by the Conservative press, nntil it lias in somo eyes borne the meaning that special re missions of rent will bo given to those who voted for Mr. Porter. Sir Samuel Wilson is said not yet to have entirely abandoned tho idea of petitioning ; but I venture to think his sonnd common sense will weigh down the airy vehemence of those who would urge him on. The following placard is ono of Sir Samuel's own, and can scarcely be said to bo in tho strictest taste : — " Will yon, Christian people of Dorry, decide for your God, for your virtue, for your morality, or will you dccldo against all these ? He who votes for Wilson will bo for them! He who vote3 for Porter will he against them. Lot, therefore, the cry of the Christian people of Deny as they go to the poll be, ' Who is on God's Bide ? Vote for him.' " If rumor ho true there seems to he a good chance of the Deceased Wife's Sister Bill be coming law during tho present Parliament. An influential meeting was held n few nights back at Exeter Hall, presided over by Mr. Laboucliere, the member for Northampton, who is, it may ho said, by no means ashamed to own that ho himself is the issne of sucli a marriage. Tho meeting was private and in formal, but one important fact was to be picked up in tho buzz of conversation which took place. A junior member of the Government sitting In the Upper House — and it is not difficult to see that it is Lord Boscbery who is meant — has, it is said, expressed the wil lingness of the Government to introduoo tho bill ns an official measure ' on the earliest oc casion possiblo, if the advocates of the bill can satisfy them that the country is desirous for it. As to this there can be little doubt, because nowadays ono scarcely can find ono ardont op ponent to the bill to a score of those enthusias tically supporting it. "Australia in the von and England following" Beerns no unusual charac teristic in matters of legislation, -and certainly in this matter we shall be doing very well in following the lend. The " bribery aentonces," that is to say, the sentences which have been passed on those gentlemen who were convicted of bribery at the assizes of last summer, still continue to provoke a goad deal of adverse discussion ; nnd — one is almost ashamed to say it — a com mittee of influential nnd respeotable people has been formed with the object of inducing the Home Secretary to intervene on the side of meroy. The facts of the cases will not have been forgotten in Australia. Tho elec tion commissions which sat last autumn dis covered at some of the places, which have since been wholly or in part disfranchised, a state of corruption which would rival any thing which Dickens described, as existing at Eatnnawlll ; and by the commissioners the prosecution of the more flagrant offenders were very properly directed. Sympathetic juries acquitted the accused whenever there was a ghost of an excuse for it, bat happily, as was universally thought at the time, the worst offenders were convioted. Sentence was ro- serveduntil tho courts met in November, and the terms of imprisonment to which — if ono may call a spade a Bpadc — tho convicts were then sentenced, were determined by the judges, who passed them' after a good deal of deliberation, and -after they bad hold an informal confer ence with some of thoir colleagues. The sentences were intended to be — and thoy certainly were — substantial, tho offenders being sentenced to bo treated in the same way as ordinary criminals who are spared the in dignity and really terrible hardship of hard labor. A shock of surprise ran through the oi polloi of electioneering, who felt that tlicy themselves had been sailing uncomfort ably close to tho wind, and that it was a good deal more their good luck than their inno- cenco which had kept them 011 tho safe side of their county gaols. In this tlioro is perhaps not very much that is surprising. When ono house shakes its equally badly built neighbors tremble, and when one briber Is substan tially punished his colloagues _ in crime may not . unnaturally ho a little oxer- cised. But it is not very satisfactory when one finds political leaders joining in the cry for the remission of the sentences. Cynics have long been inclined to say that despite tho abolition of Old .Saruni and places sui j generis, bribery nnd intimidation flourish ns vigorously to-day ns they did half a century ; ago, nnd it is a significant fact that on the ; committee which lias been formed to interview | the Home Secretary, the names of a consider- j ablo number of members of Parliament find : conspicuous places. The unpleasant conclu sion which tho censorious would draw may not . bo deserved, but at least I think it must bo admitted that the .sympathy of Pir J ohn , Hdlker, Major- GcneralBurnahy, Lord Claucjo Hamilton, Mr. Brassey and a host of others, is most disastrously ill-timed. The Standard uewspopcrhas embraced thocauseof theconvict- martyra, as one writer called them, and every thing which an influential few can do to enlist general sympathy is being done with energy and enthusiasm. Whether tho Home Secre tary will rcceivo the proposed deputation remains to be seen, and, of course, it by no means follows, oven if he does so, that lie will be induced to act as tlicy wish. Ab I pointed out in a previous letter, drastic provisions against future bribery nro provided in a measure still on the list of future Government bills ; and it would be a strange anomaly if the present. Cabinet, while introducing this bill with the ono .hand, should with the other admonish the judges for enforcing the milder law at present in force, as in effect they would do by turning a willing ear to the pro- sent agitation for miBplaced mercy. 