OUR VICTORIAN LETTER [From our own Correspondent.] Melbourne, December 22, 1882. The whole colony has been thrown into morning by an event at once unlocked for and terrible. The lamentations for the Hawthorn railway accident, by which over a . hundred persons hare been more or less disabled were echoing through the land when tbe shock of a more dire catastrophe electri fied the people with foreboding and dread which quickly became a sure loss and sorrow of unprecedented magnitude. When it was known that twenty-seven men had been im pounded in a, mine at Creswick by a "house of water" which had broken in upon them frnm the shaft of an adjacent and disused nine, few who were familiar with the history of such accidents in the old country enter tained any hope of their rescue. There was jast the chance that they might have retreated up .sundry " backs" which were known to exist, but even in such cases the chances were that they would perish of slow suffocation. "Whether anyone was to blame for the acci dent does not yet appear, but there was certainly no blame or delay when the true nature of the occurrence be came known. The whole colony was moved as if by one impulw, and every re, source that could be utilised to the one absorbing end was strained to the utmost. There was indeed much: more help available iii^n could be made use of. Divers were sent from Melbourne with the necessary apparatus as soon as they could be dispatched; ap pliances were expeditaoosly rigged for baling vat the gathering waters with unique expedi. tiro, and the mighty steam-engine throbbed with an energy which seemed sympathetic, and smote with swift strokes as though she too knew that the lives of the imprisoned niseis hung upon her rapid, tireless, and faithful energy. It was indeed a sight to see. It almost breaks one's heart to write about. The pit's mouth was a scene which can never be forgotten by those who witnessed it. There were the brawny and resolute toilers fighting with grim death for the lives of their comrades and friends, their faoes set with a determination as rigidas fate, gUd their hearts strong within them to dare any danger that had the warrant of even the faintest hope. There also was the patient watchers with blanched faces and breakicg hearts, hoping against hope, yet crushed and tortured bythecrnelfearthatthe faces of those they loved would never again see the light of day. Patiently they waited until the sun went down, then the twilight deepened, the stars came oat, "and the night fell and all the land was dark;" but they Lstfll Bat in groups around the shaft, thinking neither of darkness nor the cold of the deepening night f -_ their great dread making them insensible to all outward things, and the flickering hope that was within them expelling all sense of everything else in life. When the survivors were first communicated with a faint reply came from within, "We are all right" The news was too good to be looked into very narrowly. The first impulse was acted upon, and the intelligence flew up the shaft with almost lightning speed. The joy was too great Terrible had been the grief; but the recovery from.despair to assured hope was terrible also. The [ecstasy broke like light npon the faces of those recovered from blind ness, {The gladness became hysteric and convulsive. A few bent their heads and wept in silence the teats of utter thank fulness; some sobbed aloud. Big-hearted men embraced and kissed each other as though they were children, while great tears fur rowed their lightened faces like rain. Here, indeed, was the one touch of nature which makes the whole world kin. All was swallowed up-in the one thought, one feeling, one over whelming sense of an unspeakable recovery of those dearer than life from an imminent and horrible death. Aim, and alas! It seams almost like participating in the cruel irony of remorseless fate to write it—but all thesame it is true that the good boon was all to* narrow, and the friends of twenty-two f hmmm [ nnt of the twenty-seven imprisoned, were bat mocked by the premature intelli gence. They were lifted up only to be speedily cast down into the deeper depths of utter hopelessness and despair. When five of the men, more dead than alive, had been sent np, there was an ominous delay. The sus pense was terminated by the appearance of two of the searchers, who strode away with averted faces as soon as they landed. They coold not give to that multitude, with eager and hungry craving for comfort, a stone hard as fate and cold as death. They could not bring themselves to speak that fated word which would kill, as with a sword thrust, the nope and tie joy that had been newly kindled. At last they were to beset that they were forced to deliver np their message, and one of them, thefatherof apooryoungboy dead in the drive, lifted his bands in speech legffpain as if to thrust back the terrible troth from his own oonscionsness. This movement seemed in some degree to unloose his tongue, and in a low wailing whisper, in answer to the pressing enquiries, he said—"There are bo more to come!" Then the lamentations amke out afresh like a tornado, and swept the whole assembled company like a tempest of despair; even those who were not directly concerned caught the contagion of the new and overwhelming distress, and wept in latter bat sympathetic sorrow with the sorely bereaved ones. There was no longer the vestige of ground oh which to baQd the faintest shadow of a hope. Hie worst had been discovered, and it was very bad and heart-breaking indeed. Twenty-five of those who had gone down to their labor with life, and health, and hope before them, after being steeped in death to the neck for two days and sights, with just space enough to keep their months above water, had succumbed to the agony and dread of their situation, and an ; atmosphere in which they did not suffer the extreme tortures of thirst of the victims of the Black Hole of Calcutta, only because tbeir-bodies were almost wholly immersed in water. It will be renumbered by the older amongst the colonists that when the steamer AdmeOa was wrecked off Cape Northumber land over twenty years ago, and some of the passengers were thrown on a rock in the sea and impounded there on account of the iicwiiilj of the weather nearly a week, then: sufferings from thirst were said to be con siderably mitigated by the fact that the water was washing over them more or less daring the whole time. The survivors of the Cret* ? wick disaster state that they suffered terribly from thirst, on account of the confined and poisonous atmosphere which they were com yelled to breathe. It is certain, however, their miflViingw were less than they would have been bat for the fact that they were saturated with wet They tried to dank the water that brought death to them, but it was ? so final they could not. The great spring- tide wave of emotion -which took its rise at the shaft's mouth in Creswick has not only swept over the colony with great force, but is also producing results of a very practical sort. Private individuals and public bodies have been vicing with each other wbo shall help tie most Sydney Smith, says that charity usually lies in A thinking how desirable it is that B should help te supply Cs necessity. It is too much to hope that this recognisable trick of the self- deception and greed of common human nature should ever disappear wholly so long ashnmannatarciswhatitis; but it must be said that there has been but little of it apparent in this instance. The occasion has been too exigent and uncompromising to admit of any snch inopportune trifling. Selfish ness itself might well be Viwrf^nt and abashed in the presence of such a naked calamity. A public meeting was held in Melbourne and presided over by the Gover nor, at which ever £700 was raised. The earn of £3,000 has been raised in Creswick alone, and it is anticipated that rimiu , amounts will be forUaunung from Bauarat md BsnnTmrwt. Mr. Cooper, tius member im&i;?wick, mowed in the Home that £3,000 ?fcoald be Voted to the *elief fond, and Me. Bkfcardson, the other member for ttatplace, w? tmtsaaDr ?nawniuJ ?v stating at ?u> mttaai?jt£MML imvl?ams, however,the -M^ftrttton^o* who ha. only stop. MpQV?m^ DmaVsML ssMOftammmlmmHL aWlil cfcftrtsff to the ?f?e? jUmJfc^f me - t&mtr;, nod ?, pressing his sympathy on account of it, .he said that the House could not consistently as a matter of policy vote the amount pro posed. In his own constituency a widow with six children had recently been left in a state of destitution. The widows and orphans of the miners were bat widows and orphans, and if they had on that ground a claim on the public purse, others in similar circum stances had a like claim. The majority of the Rouse appeared to think with Mr. MiranTs, and on the motion of an hon. mem ber Mr. Cooper's motion was postponed. Some of the goldficlda members propose to unite for the purpose of securing a vote of £10,G00 for the purpose of forming a national mining accidents fund. Meanwhile public subscriptions are proceeding at such a rate and to such an extent that it is estimated not lees than £20,000 will be raised in this way. Whether the State contribute anything or not the indications are plain that the large sum which is sure to be contributed will be managed in a way which will leave the greater part of it for future contin gencies. Mr. Munro's motion, ostensibly for the purpose of forcing the hand of the Govern, ?lent, but really involving a no-confidence demonstration, was little more than ayiasco. Mr. Berry announced his adhesion to it, but ke did not carry all of even liis diminished followers with him. Some of them declined to strangle the Ministry under the ignoble cover of a railway accident, and some held aloof declai ing their opposition to Mr. Munro personally. Mr. Itfragmore, with his usual unconventional straightforwardness, broadly asserted that he distrusted Mnnro. lie had proved himself to be a traitor. Judai be trayed his master with a kiss, but the hoc nember was a thousand Judases rolled into ?ne. lam bound to admit that this sort of language was confined on this occasion en tirely to Mr. Longmore, but all the same the notion did not succeed, but was defeated by a considerable majority. It is due to Mr- Mnnro to say that Sir Bryan O'Loghlen voluntarily and somewhat needlessly elected to regard the motion in a no-conGdence light It is one of the weaknesses of the hon. baronet to exhibit on occasion a sensitiveness which is eminently Irish, It is not the first time he has trailed his coat, sometimes with good reason no doubt, but sometimes without sufficient sansc before the Opposition. For a man who most know that he is at the head of a shuttle cock and tolerated Ministry Sir Bryan cer tainly exhibits some courage and a good deal ?f temerity at times. He is courteous, affable, and conciliatory; but he is also at times irascible, pugnacious, and exceedingly obstinate. He will sometimes take an ex treme stand upon what is little more than a political crotchet, asseverate his emphatic de termination not to yield an inch :— " Came one. come all, this rock shall fly From its firm bare aa soon as I," and then by a sudden change of front, which ke felicitiously enough calls conquering him self, will yield the entire position, and take his orders with wonderful docility from his patrons the Conservatives. He will no doubt fee kept in position as a political necessity until after the dissolution of the House, but unless the general election eventuates in Sewer changes than are anticipated he is not likely to hold the reins of power for a Lengthened period in the new Assembly. Sir Bryan said he was as eager as Mr. Munro for the fullest enquiry into the auses of the railway accident, but he would not hare his hand forced, and could not lend himself to a course which would anticipate the finding of the coroner's jury, by which it might happen that some person or persons might be tried for man slaughter. Mr. Munro was untroubled by any such scruples, and sought chiefly to make political] capital out of the event. The event proved that the Premier ganged the opinion of the House more accurately than his op ponents. The majority of eleven by which the House declared for him would have been increased by some Jfour or five if some hon. members who were away bad been present. The Olioghlen Ministry is harder to kill Hum the ?wjttiiJ with the proverbial nine lives. It has been in existence only eighteen months; during that time it has had to bear the brunt of no less than eleven hostile attacks. Its faults and weaknesses are not unfrequently conspicuous, but it has at least flic merit of a politic and tenacious self preservation. The new Bill for the better management of Bailways meets with only scant favor. The highest praise in its favor is only partial and qualified. It proposes to appoint three com missioners, who arc to hold office during the next six years conditionally on good be havior. They are to constitute a board, and to have the sole power of making appoint ments and promotions, the Engineer-in-Chief and the secretary of railways excepted. They are to be empowered to make regulations for 4he service, conduct examinations when needed, supervise the general administration, and recommend such improvements as they may deem fit to bring under the notice of the Minister. The chairman is to receive £1,200 and the others £1,000 a year each. The ob jection is that the Bill docs not go far enough. The Argus, taking the part of the candid friend, unceremoniously designates the Bill "a complete sham." The proposed commissioners wculd be permanent officers without executive control, and the political history of the colony shows how powerless such officers are so long as Ministers have a substantial and supple majority at their back a the House. IX the Engineer-in- Chief and {he secretary of railways were to make common cause with the Minister—whom alone they would have any interest in pleasing—the three commissioners would be rendered im potent if they happened to be in opposition. Exception is taken to the proviso that these officers may be removed by an address from the Legislative Assembly to the Governor praying for such removal, on the ground that the functions of the Upper House are alto gether ignored. "Ministers would exercise as much power as ever, only, when convenient, they would be able to tabs shelter behind advice which they, themselves have*nspired or directed." It is declared that the Bill cannot pass, that it must be taken back, and the quicker the better; and that the best thing the Government can do is to "conquer 0 itself once more. The BQI may pass. Even eminent prognosticators are occasionally at fault, and the press, even when combined, is not always omnipotent; but my own opinion is that in its present form it has not and ought not to have the ghost of a chance. It is my opinion that the reform needed in the management of our railways is not the in crease of complicated machinery nor of sinecure posts for the benefit of amateur muddlers, but a clear-headed man of ample practical experience, a firm will, and supreme power of control. All onr railway ad versitie havejeome upon us since Mr. Thomas Higgin botfaam was cashiered on the infamous Black Wednesday. We can never replace him; bat we should secure, with as little delay as possible, a first-class man from England or America at any cost, and make him respon sible for the general direction. The traffic manager on one of the great English lines has a salary equal to that of the Lord Chan cellor, but he is presumably the best man that can be secured, and does his work in such a manner that the £20,000 a year which is paid him is a piece of the most attested economy. The force of this will be seen when it is stated that the three railway accidents which we have lately had—Beaufort, Jolimont, and Windsor—have cost £2,203, £45,300, £15,000 respectively—a total of £63,900. What the Hawthorn catastrophe win cost no one cares to forecast There are in this ca?e no lees than 110 claimants. Some of the claims wiH no doubt be rifted out, or nearly so ; but there are several instances in which substantial compensation most be awarded. Already oar railways do not pay the interest on their construction by considerably over a hundred thousandJpoundssterKng. By the time we have had a few store costly acci dents, aadconstnictedoarpoliticallinea,aome ? of which wffi not pay for the grew on the wheels, we eha? have a considerable white elephant to keep, solan, indeed* there is a I new oHci ox isans£Bm6nt? ; Mr. Bab-imp**** Timer Mam followed Mr. i ftipritttmtoatWinchontof gemmae. It <?M tai?l<??*beha4bgm>wedb?thwidel, and largely of publicans* yrtttwithstiflnfl*ng this groan irregularity be has been allowed to retire with his compensation. An enforced Withdrawal from service is, no doubt, a punishment severely felt by tbc culprits; and it is an set of mercy not to tarn men, who are fit for tittle else bat police duty at their time of life, into the streets without a crust* but the Government are blamed by some for their leniency in these flagrant cases. The education commission is at present in a state of deadlock with tbc Minister of Edu cation. Some time ago Mi-. Parnell. head teacher of a large State school in West Mcl . bonrne, stated in the coarse of his evidence, before the commission that he was obliged to ignore, in practice, the departmental regula tion relating to the use of chastisement in the school. For ibis admitted breach be was afterwards censured by the Minister. The commission took the matter np, and declined to proceed unless their witnesses were fully protected from all unpleasant consequences. In compliances with this demand the educa tion department propose to issue a circular to the teachers to the effect that they will be free to give their evidence without the fear ?f any consequences prejudical to themselves. The commission, however, asks for an order from the Governor-in-Council on the subject, and will be satisfied with nothing less.. Our land racket, which has been in nourse of exaggerated procedure during the last year and more, is anything bat an unmixed bless- Big. It circulates money, but it frequently does this in the wrong direction, and at the cost of more than moneys wortb. I saw an fconest man laid in the grave the other day who was killed by it, as surely as men arc slain in battle, or by pestilence. He was a retired tradesman who bad made enough to five on decently for the rest of his days. In au evil hour he listened to the seductions of a land jobber who bad little to lose, and everything to gain, invested bis last penny, and though not absolutely destitute of means, was practically beggared. A nice new house which he had built for himself to end his days in was the last thing to go. From no assignable cause but the catting off of his hopes in life he slowly wore liimself away, died with his heart broken, and liis friends buried him, He was a nervous, conscientious man of highly conservative and virtuous habits, who ought never to have adventured his small boat out into the stormy and uncertain sea of speculation. But he was drawn into -the maelstrom by a man stronger than himself, and without his sensitive conscien tiousness; and now while the land jobber who led him on to his rain has managed somehow to pull his own ches nuts out of the fire, his bones lie mouldering in the grave, andpiis widow and fatherless children are left to fight the battle of life alone. A few days ago Air. Toon, a bank manager of reputable antecedents at Haw thorn, drowned himself. His accounts at the bank were found to be all right, but he had speculated in land, could not realise as he expected, feared a crash, lost the balance of his powers, and in this demented condition committed suicide. These cues arc typical in point of principle of hundreds of others that might be named. Men are tempted through their imaginations; payments that ought to be promptly made to tradesmen are 'deferred; money is borrowed on all available security; day by day the toils tighten, and pecuniary strangulation ensues. We have not yet begun to feel the full effect of our mad land gambling. A bad harvest would bring that out. Just as I am closing my letter I learn that tihe jury in the case of the Hawthorn railway disaster, after a brief consultation, have given the following verdict:—" We find unani mously that on the 2nd December, instant, a collision occurred between the G. 7 p.m. down train from Melbourne to Hawthorn and the special up train from Box-hill, timed to leave at 5.55 p.m., which caused the death of William Couzens Thomas, and that the collision was the result of the negligence of the stationmaster Thompson and guard Hunt, and we find .them guilty of the man slaughter of the said W. C. Thomas." The jury appended the following rider to their ver dict: —"After hearing the evidence given in this enquiry regarding the management of the Victorian railways, we are of opinion that there is a lack of proper organisation and discipline, and we consider it advisable that the whole of the departments and branches should be placed under one perma nent head, and for this purpose} we recom mend that the best man procurable should be obtained. We regasd it as imperative that a continuous brake should be applied to all the Victorian passengers trains without delay, and we think that die means of communica tion at present in use between guard and driver are insufficient for the safety of the travelling public" The coroner then for mally committed Thompson and Hunt to take their trial at the next Criminal Session in February, admitting them to bail each in two sureties of £100. 