THE SINGER'S GHOST. By Nathan D. Uknkk. rjriAGUERRE will be superb to night ; she is I drunk." Such was the inscription in French AnJj/L (" Laguerro sera divine cc soil ; elle est ivre") that. I read at the foot of a most \%aiT remarkable portrait m the possession or rpSt Monsieur Legrand, who was, twenty years ago, the most widely known merchant of curiosities in Paris. The portrait to which it was affixed was that of Josephine Marie Laguerre, one of the most brilliant ornaments of the French operatic stage of a century ago, aud quite as celebrated for her vices as for her talents ; for while Gluclc, the composer, spoke of her as la perle de la scene , Piccini, his rival, and after him Bachaumont and others were fond of alluding to her as la bacchante des coulisses. The picture showed Laguerre in the prime of life, in the classical dress, or, rather, undress, of one of the fabled nymphs of the bacchanalian cortege, with a ravishing abandon in her air and looks, and the tiger- skin mantle rippling down from her half-bare shoulders, to the most picturesque revelation of her soft, luxurious proportions. But it also showed a woman whose peerless eyes, glorious hair — though powdered to a snowy whiteness and built up a la Pompadour — and perfect regularity of feature could not altogether make up for the inroads which years of dissipation and self- willed indulgence had already made upon, her comeli ness, and which event the painter's art had been too much leavened with honesty to quite conceal. The quotation inscribed beneath the portrait was written in faded ink upon a time-yellowed card, which still retained, though but faintly, the impression of a coat-of-arms in an upper corner. " It was just where you see it now, wedged in between the canvas and the frame, when I bought the painting at an obscure auction-sale five years ago," said Monsieur Legrand, in answer to my inquiries. It may have been stuck there by some one or another of a host of noble lovers after the death „ of the original ; but of that I cannot say. I only trust that it may some time enhance the historical value of the picture, and thus enable me to sell it to advantage." " My interest was greatly excited. I at once set to work to consult La Harpe, Bachaumont, " Les Memoires Secrets," and other authorities pertinent to the subject, and on the following day was enabled to say to my friend, the dealer in curiosities : "You have not trusted in vain, Monsieur Legrand. That inscription was appended to the portrait as a sort of ghastly joke, though it was nothing more than the quotation of a saying then much in vogue concerning the beautiful original in the year 17 — , and by no less a personage than the Comte d'Artois, the youngest brother of Louis XVI." And I referred him to a certain folio of " Les Memoires Secrets " as my authority. But .1 also learned much more .of what might be called the romantic and prosaic; the lofty and ignoble career of that strange, contradictory and fascinating character; Josephine Marie Laguerre, which cannot fail to be of interest to the reader. Laguerre was hot only known among her theatrical contemporaries as la bacchante des coulisses, but also as la > fermne dn fantdme- — " the woman with the ghost," and it will be seen that she was as abundantly deserving of one term as of the other. We first hear of Laguerre as one of the choir- singers of the Royal Academy of Music, in 1774, at the early age of fourteen. Her precociously powerful voice Was her only recommendation ; she was not known to have a relative, a protector - or a friend ; she had come from no one knew whence ; and, as she remained entirely reticent upon this subject, while making no secret of bearing an assumed name, this - mystery accompanied her to the end, and shrouds her memory to this day. Besides for her beauty and talent, which were very soon recognized, she was remarkable from the first by being incessantly followed and haunted, wherever practicable, by a dark, gaunt, poorly-dressed, strangely-looking young man, several years 'her senior. He shadowed her everywhere. His pursuit was mostly of a timid nature, and limited to glances and gestures of the saddest and most reproachful- meaning ; but occasionally in lonely places she. had been, observed to permit his approach, to listen to what seemed wild appeal and expostulations in a foreign tongue from his lips, and then, after re pulsing him either scornfully or gently, to go upon her way, only to be dogged, haunted, shadowed as before. . . In vain did her youthful intimates of the chorus or the ballet, strive to wring from her the secret of this, man's following ; she was ever evasive, jocular or morosely mute, as the case might be. . Her lovers — for even at that age she had lovers— emulated each other in offers to rid her of the annoyance with their swords, but only to be met with an intimation that any harm done to the unknown would be regarded as an un- pardouable affront to herself. So there the mystery rested, as it remained for years. She soon became known as the " girl with the ghost" as she was after ward known as "the woman with the ghost." Two years later, in 1746, Laguerre made her debut in a chief part as Adele de Ponthieu, and at once caused a sensation. Incontestably more beautflul than her predecessor, Rosalie Levasseur, and more fresh and charming than Sophie Arnould, who at that time fr hp nln.vimr alfinivViara kIip pvhihiforl n. mnf.nrit.v and command of voice, combined with histrionic powers, never theretofore surpassed, if even equalled, and fairly took the city by storm. " More than once," writes Gluclc, the composer — " more than once in composing my opera of 1 Amide,' has my imagination been tired by the thought of that fascinating magician, Mademoiselle Laguerre. What a superb -voice 1 what action! And yet, they say, she is already rushing headlong to perdition." Common report had scarcely calumniated her in this respect. Almost at a single bound she had attained the very pinnacle of her profession. Something more than the rival of Arnould and Levasseur, she was both bated and feared by Saint-Hurberti and other cantatrices of almost equal eminence, and she swept grandly on, adding the maturer laurels of the years to the giddy triumphs of her debut. But, ala9 1 she at the same time speedily formed less enviable associations. Her lovers suc ceeded each other in her fleeting regard in rapid succession ; she obtained a reputation for avaricioUs- ness, as well as for licentiousness, playing with men's hearts as with shuttlecocks, while draining their purses with a smile ; and she became the intimate and protegee of La Guimard — the notorious danseuse , La Guimard, whom Marmontel speaks of as la belle damnee, and for whom her lover, the Prince de Soubise, Spanish Ambassador, built a' pleasure-house in Paris that was the wonder and scandal of even that luxurious age. But it was probably before this that Laguerre had. contracted the convivial habits that earned for her the chief and unenviable designation by which she is memorialized. La Guimard and she, with their dissolute companions of both sexes, presided at orgies in the hotel of the former, the character of which even "Les Memoires Secrets" scarcely more than hint at. Her favorite everyday resort was a cabaret, with gardens attached, kept by one Berge, next door to the Academy of Music itself. She became so used to depending upon stimulants as an artificial inspiration as to be totally unfit to appear upon the stage without being in a state of semi-inebriety, which, however, never betrayed itself to her andience, A revengeful supernumerary, whom she had insulted, once almost ruined her reputation by smashing her flask of eaxj, de vie just as she was about to be called on for Iphigeriie, and it was only through the good nature of one of the ballet-girls that she received a timely renewal of the "sinews of war" requisite to the aplomb, fire and abandon that distinguished her stage presence. . Accompanied by her faithful maid, Ninette, she would enter Berge's cabaret precisely two hours before the rising of the curtain almost every day, with the regularity of clockwork, retire to a secluded alcove or arbor, and there, after a light repast, absorb champagne in large quantities, topping off with several petits verres as the callboy would enter hurriedly to summon her to her dressing-room. Often at this time she would seem scarcely able to . stand she would have to ...be . almost carried to her i oom, and; owing to ' her violent and capricious temper, the task of dressing her for her part was a most onerous and trying one. v -'2 But the manager knew better than to-1 despair. Though she would have to bo supported to the very verge of the coulisse, -she would no sooner step within the blaze of the footlights than she would start into a magnificent and transfigured life. : : The orchestral breathings, . mingled with the first rustle of subdued applause thatwelcomed her approach, acted upon her as the breath of onset upon the veteran battle- steed. ' '' ; She met the silent but searching challenge of myriads of eyes and scores of leveled lorgnettes with the serene brow and disdainful mien of conscious genius. Her whole being seemed electrified. She sang like a god dess, and every. step, every gesture, was instinct with the divine delirium that seemed to buoy, elevate and sustain her in empyrean altitudes of art and song. No wonder that the inscription on her picture, " La guerre will be superb this evening ; she is. drunk," became a popular- saying among her , associates and admirers. Her audiences applauded her to the echo. Frequently Berge, the cabaret-keeper himself, was among them, and his manner of testifying his admiration was quite as sincere as any other, though perhaps less complimentary. The worthy fellow regarded the singer's successes as a sort of creation of his own. . His applause was but a disguise for the self- congratulation he felt over the magical efficacy of his own wines -and liqueurs. " Bravo 1 That was my Muscat speaking in that high chest-note," he was wont to mutter, under his breath, while beneath the spell of one . of Laguerre's performances. " Ha, messieurs, it is not Laguerre, but my champagne, that is floating up in that bravura. Parblieu 1 wait till the petits verres begin to work ! Then you will see soul, imagination, heaven itself, come rippling from those lips 1 Ah, this divinity ! what would she be without me ?" etc., etc. In the meantime, Laguerre's ghost lost neither vitality nor persistence. The years glided by, the girl became the woman, the obscure novice blossomed into the laureled favorite of a world's recognition and esteem; but, seemingly, she might as well have escaped from her own shadow as from the silent, mysterious and re proachful following of that singular unknown. Who was he? Whence came he? Why did she shrink from resenting his strange pursuit? Was he a pious brother, or the old-time lover of a bvtrone innocence, still cherishing the hope of causing her to turn from the brilliant but vicious career that was swiftly and surely sweeping her into its abyssmal vortex ? No one knew, and finally, no one cared. The public grew tired of speculating about the strangers identity and the mysterious relations that unquestionably existed between him and the actress, and finally grew to consider his presence as a matter of course. No one seemed to know where he lived, seldom was he seen to exchange a syllable with any one, and he never smiled. He might have been the incarnation of Laguerre's own conscience— if she had any — so closely did he haunt her steps. He lurked among her audiences, watched her sadly and reproachfully through every scene. Did she step from threshold to carriage he was there, looking, perhaps, over the lackey's shoulder with the gloomy, everlasting censure of his liaggared gaze ; he even ran after tlie carriage for miles, so as to meet her eyes again upon alighting from it. lie never entered Berge's, but stood ever at the door, overlooking alike her brusque, rustling entrance and her maudlin, tottering egress with the same mournful, supplicating glance. Besides being called Laguerre's ghost, he came to bo designated at Laguerre's spaniel, and would doubtless have been spoken of still more brutally but for the mingled respect and dread in which ho was evidently held by the actress herself. But toward the close of her career, when her star was on the wane, and having refused to listen longer to amorous pleadings on the part of old lovers or new ones, she divided most of her time in taking care of the money and property sho had wrung from her admirers and battling the fell disease that for years had been insidiously but surely eating into her life, she began to . lose patience with her phantom. She was obsi rved to have several interviews amid the shrubberies of tlie Luxembourg, in which she gave way to her anger, stamping furiously upon the ground and emptying upon his sorrowful but unshrinking head a volume of invective in that strange language which only those two seemed to understand. A few evenings after such a scene had been secretly observed and commented upon — it was during the last years of her life, and at a season when the opera was closed — M ademoiselle Laguerre was entering tlje Hotel de Guimard upon the arm of no less a personage than the Prince de Guemenee, to attend a fete.clinmpet.re, given by the prodigal favorite of the Spanish' Ambassa dor, when her attendant sprite, with unusual boldness, almost blocked her passage between the carriage and the door with his lugubrious presence. Her escort only smiled, hut Laguerre herself was angry and more or less under " the influence." For the first time in her life she turned in public upon her mysterious follower, and rebuked him with stinging and impetuous words, saying, half aloud, as she disappeared with the prince : " Ny a-t-il aucun de me debarrasser de ce cauchemar de ma vie ? " (Is there no one to rid me of this night mare of my life ?) It was but the expression of a momentary petulance, to be forgotten a moment later, but it was destined to have fatal effect. Ninette, Laguerre's maid, had lingered at the porte tochere while her mistress entered the hotel, and a few minutes later, when the banqueters were already at table — with La Guimard at its head, and half the resplendent aventurieres and titled sybarites of the day as her guests — she sent in a lackey to earnestly request a few words with Laguerre. The latter was invariably averse to relinquish her seat without having feasted and drunk to satiety, and at the same time was equally aware that Ninette would not venture to interrupt her without very good reason, so she craved permission of the company to summon the maid to her presence, which was, of course, accorded. " Ah, mademoiselle," whispered Ninette, " I am afraid the poor ghost will be killed." " Mon Dieu ! explain," murmured Laguerre, greatly agitated. " The angry words you let fall at the port cochere were overheard by the hot-tempered young Marquis de Y , who has so long vainly sought your favor," continued Ninette. "He at once lashed le pauvre fantome over the legs with his rapier, and bade him follow him to the Bois de Boulogne." " Oh, ceil ! and then ?" gasped Laguerre, turning deadly pale. " Ah, ma vialtresse, and tben le pauvre fantome, after throwing up his arms despairingly, signified his assent. They went away to the Bois in the cabriolet. There will be a duel !" Laguerre uttered a cry, and scarcely waiting to make the necessary excuses, hurried from the salon with Ninette. In a moment they were in her carriage, which was being driven in the direction of the common Parisian dueling-ground at the top of its horses' speed. They arrived at the Bois, but all too late. As they entered a little moonlighted glade that was notorious for such scenes, the cabriolet containing the Marquis de Y and his second was being whirled away. Prone upon the turf, with no one at his side but one of the habitues of Berge's cabaret, who had acted as his second, lay the unfortunate unknown, bleeding his life away in the moonlight. As Laguerre sprang out of the carriage and rushed towards him with a wild, remorseful cry, he struggled first into a sitting posture and then to his feet. Thus he stood a moment, erect, with his gaunt arms stretched out threateningly towards her, and his hollow, fading eyes emitting their last reprobating glare, which now might also signify a malediction. Then, without a word he fell to the ground and ex pired ; while the conscience-stricken singer threw herself with a shriek upon his remains, and swooned away. The bacchante of the opera carried her mystery with her to the grave. She had the remains of the unknown decently interred on the following day, and their resting-place marked by a plain tablet of marble, that was innocent of any design or inscription. But she was never weary of denouncing the Marquis de V as a murderer. Far from his having gained anything in her esteem by this duel, she would never do so much as look at him again, and it was at her instigation that the Prince de Guemenee, the Due de Choiseul and the Comte d' Artois so far exerted them selves as to permanently ruin the young noble's pro spects at court and in the army. The portrait which suggested this sketch must have been taken at about this time, as it was now that her health and spirits began to give way ; and there is no disguising the intimations of secret sorrow and despair, as well as of breaking health, beneath the grace and beauty of the painted lineaments. Josephine Marie Laguerre was yet young when she at last closed her eyes upon her brilliant, troubled and in many respects unenviable career. Though she died possessed of much wealth — said to have been over a million livres — her well-known inten tion of leaving it almost all to the Church caused her to be deserted by most of her companions of pleasure during her final illness ; and had it not been for La Guimard — kind-hearted but dissipated Guimard — who remained by her to the last, she would have died in comparative friendlessness and isolation. She had congenial company in death, however, as in life. On the same day, and almost at the same hour, one of her most dissolute intimates, Louison Rey, a supernumerary dancer of the Grand Opera, died of galloping consumption at the Hotel de Guimard, in only her nineteenth year, and still fresh-looking and pretty. — From Frank Leslie's Popular Monthly. The B. Battery Artillery were exercised in heavy gun drill, at Fort Glanville, on Saturday, 19th August, when there was a good muster, and advantage of the circum stance was taken to present Sergeant-Major Moritz with a framed illuminated address, and a photographical group of the whole of the members of the battery. The presenta tion was made in recognition of his long services to the Volunteer Force — for 17 or 18 years. 