THE ENGINEER'S STORY. Mayhap, stranger, you he v run over the P«nnaylvany Central Railroad. As you may say, I was born And brought up on that line, first as fireman, then engineer nish on to twenty years. It's allers excitin' to ran a machine, and wen I was a fireman Iue»d to jbhink it was better to be top of one of them splendid engines than to be President of the United States. The day they first put me on the footboard and I took the lever in my hand and knew it was my engine, I reckon I was the proudest man between Pitteburg and Altoona. I kinder thought that everybody was goin' to be out, tfiet day, to see how the train made her run, and you kin bet all your specie that she went smack up to the minit, the whole llf miles. But this kind of spirit wore off,' after a whjlje, 'n I settled down into a spbfir steady gojn man; 'n they did say thag I wor as safe 'n reliable a man as they hed in the business. I her to say it, stranger, as there's nobody else to do it; elsewise you wouldn't know it. I was turned 23 wen me and Mary was married. Twenty-eight- years ago! You hev a wife, stranger? Hevn't got no wife ! 3$Tell! mayhaps it's just as well! I hed j^ary $omje eight years, but it don't seem like no time, now. I left her there in the old Eeyetone $tate, her an' the boy. Sometimes,! think ^d like to go b'ackagfn;, and see the place where they bow lie, but I suppose I never shaJL Don't seem as if I had the heart to do ft. It wasn't in any church-yard, you know ; bnt a little way np the mountain there was a green quiet spot among the trees, and they are there— not more 'n 100 feet, say, above the track —and I often wondar if Charley doesn't f t^L ijdrejun, whence New York express thunders by, that his old father is holding the throttle. I put up a snug cabin by the side of the road where I had a small clearing and be tween whiles I used to plant my potatoes and things, enough to keep us going, and Mary had her garden. Mary allers took to flowers, as I used to tell her, jokin' like, 'cos she was one of the family. Then we bad a cow, and Mary raised chickens, and I never see no person could do as much with chickens as Mary could. Jest seemed like those hens were allers strainin' of theireelves laying eggs. You never see nothin' pay stricter attention to business than what they did. Never standin' about and foolin' around,, bit ^alters at it. And then they'd set: an hatch, incredible. Mostly two broods a year, and brought 'em all up. Mary raised the eow. One of the neigh bours gave it to her when it was a calf, and she made much of it. I used to tie it to a stake near the cabin when it was a little thing, for it to eat grass. Mary didn't know muoh abont things then, Bhe was young like, : and one day she thought she'd pat (he calf in the stable. I told her she'd better not try it— Bhe just a slight girl. Now a oalf, yon know, is tbe most deoeivin' animal in the world. It don't look as if it had any strength, and yet it'll upset a fall-grown man. So Mary unties the rope and starts for the shed, and the ealf kicked up its heels and away it went. Mazy held on the rope and away she went — thrown down, rolled over — and there was a confusion of calf and calico all over tbe place. There wasn't no bones broken, but l£«ry wae the moBt amazed girl you ever saw. That oalf grew np to be a knowin' eow. She used to ran oat on the track juat on purpose to frighten people. She'd stay on till the train was cIobb up, but never got fait. The men soon all got to know her and didn't mind her. Bat whenever a new engineer came along and saw her he'd whistle brakes and raise a rumpus, often bringing the train to a dead stop. Bat she'd walk offj net at the right time, and seemed to understand the joke. Oar little eabin was in among the moan tains, a good ways from any other honse, and I need to sometimeB think that Mary muBt be lonely, with me awxy so much of the time. You see, I was allers oat three nights in the week. I went ap in the day time, passing my house at noon, and down again that night, passing at midnight. But I was home two or three days in the week and allers Sanday. The place where we lived was a wild region of country, and the storms we need to have np there, so high in the air, was fearful. I didn't tell you any thing about the boy P No ! Well, do you know I took to him the very first moment. And that's a very curious thing about babies. Now I never fancied 'em much, but I tell you, stranger, it makes all the difference in the world whether it's your baby, or whether it belongs te somebody else. I've seen a great many of 'em in my time, and accordin' to their parents they was the most uncom mon babies ; but I could never see much of it. I used to laugh a good deal when people made such fools of themselves over their children, but I know exactly how it is now, for I suppose I was the grea'est fool over my Charley as ever lived. Mary named him Charley- That was after me. Seems to me that boy .took to a locomotive from the time he was six months old. His mother would sit out in front of the house, with him in her lap, when I was up at noon, and she'd kise her hand and wave the baby at me. By the time he was 3 years old he'd got so that I used to take him up to ride with me. There was a water tank near the house, and when I stopped to water he was allers there, and I'd ketch him up 'n carry 'im off ten or twenty miles, till I met another train, and some of the boys 'd cany him back home. 'Twasn't long afore there was scarce a- man on the road aa didn't know Charley Latham's baby. They'd pick 'im, up wherever they could find him, and sometimes he'd be gone nearly all day, but somebody 'd set him down afore night, 'n he'd oome toddlin' home. Sometimes I think if s queer how the men nsed to take to that baby. There was fellers just as rough as bears — brakes- men; they'd get drunk and crazy with liquor, and cut or shoot a man quicker 'n lightnin'; 'n* section men — up in them mountains them section men were mighty hard cases. What for fightin1 and quarrel lin' they'd beat Sam HilL An' yit there wasn't one o' them chaps as would speak a cross word to my baby. They was all fond of 'im, and if anybody took to impoiin' on 'im, why, there'd be a mus quicker'n the drop of yer hat. . There was Bill Walker. You didn't know Bill Walker, did you? No! Of course you didn't. Dead now. Let a switch open on 'im and he run off. Never spoke after theypioked 'imup. Bill, he was a crusty, old bachelor— one of them fellers what never aes nothin' if he can help hisself . He didn't have no relations, and he was so sot agin everybody the boys used to say they didn't believe ne ever had a father or mother like other folks. He'd hard lines in his life, for a fact, and it made him what they call a misen — :. Yes! that's it — amisenthorp. He seemed to hev a particular grudge for every body he had ? seen, and a sorter general disgust for everybody he hadn't. Bill picked up the baby for a ride one day, and when he stopped at the next station he waa goin' 'round oilin' his engine and the little tyke taggin' after, holdin' en to his coat tail and getting his self all covered with oil and grease, jest like a reg'lar engineer; and there was QQP of the station men as didn't like 5 ill, no how, and he ses, ses he ; ' Hullo, Bill ! is that a left-hander of your'n ?' They say Bill just turned ashy. He sets down his can and reached for that feller — jest one.square in the juggler.and he didn't git out o* bed for ten days. One day there came down from New York a rocking horse, and Mary found it at the water-tank with a. piece pf paper tied to the bridle, 'n it said like this : -H Bill Walker could ever wish for a baby of his own }t would be little Charley ?' That roeking-hftrse cob* Bill a whole month's wages. One of the first things Charley learnt to say wen he was beginnin* to talk, was this : Yon see the men on the road used to call one another ' Pard'* — short for 'pardner.' Charley he caught it, and he always called me ' Pard.' I don't think fce ever called me father or papa, like other children do; but; 'it w#s aUns '^ard.' ' You and me is pards, isn't we ?' be ueec to say. An' that's what we allus eallei one another, and he went by the name pf: 'Charley Latham's pard' all over the road. Fd be goin' by the house on the noon train, an' leanin' out o' the cab watehin' for 'im, 'n he'd be oat in front, with a white rag or something to wave at me, and y& see by the motion of his lips — I couldn't hear for the nojse of the cars— that he' was $ayxn' 'You and me is paras, isn't ye?' '? ' '' * ' Ab I was tellin', Sundays I laid off; 'n in the mpinjn'j after breakfast, Mary would fill up a backet with gome bread 'n butter 'n meat 'n things, and we three would go off into the mountains and stay all day. We used ,to do itos every Sunday, and s Charley got to callin' it -his pard' s day. You see, he got a notion that it was the best day in tfce week, 'cos I was allus home with him. I didn't neverjgo to church —it was a long ways ; and then I thought Charley would get as much religion by going around in the woods and amoBg the mountains, where the trees and leaves were so beautiful and the. rocks eo grand, as any other way. If they don't tell us that the Creator who made 'em all is powerful and good, too, there ain't no preacher can do it. \- You went up to the top of Pike's Peak the other day. I've been there too, 'n I'd . like to know if a chap can go up there among, those awful precipices and gorges and look over the country for 100 miles and see the mountains around, and the plains: 'way off in front that don't seem to have: no end, and then look at hisself and Bay whether he does really amount to a row of pins. You see, J never was any Christian, and never give Charley no snch trainin*, and sometimes I think maybe I didn't do quite right by him. But, Lord love you, stranger, wen he went among the angels, I'm jest certain there wasn't none of 'emi had any cleaner soul 'an what he had. There was a place about three-quarters of a mile from our place, where we used to go a good deal Sundays, and Mary would read the Bible to us and sing. She was a good singer, Mary was. We used to call the place ' Devil's Bun.' It was a sort of a creek, but didn't have no water in it, 'cept after a hard rain. It came down between two high mountains, where it was as eteep as could be. Wen a storm came up] Fve known it in half an hour to have sisfeflt of water in it. An' then it would bring down big trunks of trees and great stoneB, roaring that way you could hear it for miles. It's got it's name because it was such an infernal place. Often Fve been woke np at night by a heavy shower, and Fd hear Devil's Sun howling as though it would tear everything to pieces. There couldn't be no worse place fixed for the road, if they had hunted the whole country through, than right there. There was a sharp curve, and on tke outside of it was a Btraight-up-and-down precipice for hundreds of feet, so that if a train went off it would be smashed into .kindlin' wood and tenpenny nails. Devil's Bun went underneath tbe track, near the point of the' curve, through a barrel culvert, and once there came on a hard storm, 'n the trees 'n the stones, and eo on, choked up the culvert, which -wasn't large enough, 'n the water dammed up and rose, till by'n bye the whole embankment gave way, and twenty feet of the road went xipplin' down the mountain. They found out the break before any accident happened, and the culvert wasrebuilt, a good deal larger than before. - But that place the whole road was af eared of. As I wm a tellin', if it hadn't been such a wicked place Devil' « run was the prettiest one on the whole mountain. The bed of the stream was deep down, 'n full of ferns aud grasses that Mary was allers gatherin', and we could set there in the hottest day 'n the sun could never find its way through the trees overhead. Ab I was tellin', Charley was born to be an engineer. By the time he had got to be six years old he knew the name of nigh all the par* s of a machine. He'd learned all the signals that was used on the road. He knew that a red flag or reA light meant danger. That a' lantern, at night, swung backward 'n forward slowly across tbe track, would bring a train up, all standin'.' All that sort o' thing he jest picked up hisself. ,He knew the sound of every whistle and bell on the road, 'n could tell what ingine they belonged to, and I believe he knew the tread of No. 29 j whenever she went by, night or day. No. 29, that was my ingine, I run: her about three years, and there wasn't nothin' in God's world I couldn't git out of her wen she waa in a good humour. We sort or understood one another, and she hardly ever went back on me. Once in a while she did, and then she was a perfect cuss. Yea I he was seven that winter. Just seven years old a few days before Christmas. After Charley got a year or two old I allers made much of ChriBtmaa. Mostly I oontrived to lay off that day so as to be home with my little pard. Some of the boys was allere ready 'n williu' to take my ran that day — them as didn't hev no wives 'or children. They'd come and 'say: 'Now, Latham, there's your little pard, he'll be a wantin' of you to-morrow, which is Christmas. So I'll est take your ran down. An' this 'ere basket, why, the boys, you know, they ses, we ain't got no chick nor child, and we'il aend this along to Latham's little Charley.' The first time they did! that I waa took back that way I stood and gaped, a lookin* around like a natural, and oouldn't say a word- And the things they used to send Charley was astoniahin1; toys and so on; Whv.one Ohriatmaa tbevBsnt'lm a real silver mug. Oh ! stranger, them days was such times as I've never hed since. There wasn't no other children around for Charley to play with, bat me 'n hia mother wae all be seemed to care for, *n we'd carry on together all day just as if none of na was more'n seven years old. Charley hed a -little room by hie self, where he slept, whioh had a window that looked down the track. % gave him a railroad lan tern, which he trimmed and filled hiseelf after I showed him how, 'n wen it was my night down he'd light hia lantern 'n put it in the window at the head of his bed, I ooold see it a long way before I got to the house, 'n you don't know, stranger,' what comfort it was W6n I was a camin* down to see that light and know that my little bay wss lyia' there fast asleep and dreamin' that the roar of the train was the foots .eps of his old pard flyin' at forty mile an hour. It was my ran down Thanksgiving eve. I was goin' to stop off in the mornin', and Bill Walker was to take my tr^i? goin* back. We started from Attoona; late in tbe evening and a good deal behind. It had been a bad day. The weather had been warm for some time baok, .and it began to Tain in the raorn in', and bed rained all day. By night the wind ohopped around to the north *n hegan to turn cold, so that wan we started it was rainin' and sleetin', with an outlook for a heavy storm. A darker night I never saw, 'n wen the conductor palled the bell I sob to my fireman, ' Crazy, this is goin' to bean ugly ran.' My fireman was a crazy, harum scarum sort of a boy, and sq they hgd, niok named him ' Oraay Jake.? Bat they soon dropped' the Jtke 'n left him Crazy, and that's the name he allers went by, So he ses to me, 'Boss! I gueea you'ta right there,' Orsgy was ano o' them boys thet'e often in desperate tight places, but I've never known 'm was afeard o' nothin'. I've never seen *m to show the white feather. I don*t believe man or devil could BOare 'm bnt this night he Beemed to be uneasy like. Sometimes there's something mafeeB you think beforehand that something ia goin' to happen— a kind of— of— presentiment? Yob ! that's it. £jreBentimen'. Yon can't tell exaotly how it is, -but it there is speerita in accidents or disasters, seems like they was tryin1 some way to let folks know in time, and eouldb-t,qaitedo it, Everything seemed to go wrong with as that sight. The passen gers was all a-ffcowun* *oob we harried 'em ap «t «BP»«(f tnd when -\ palled oat, m DEFEC1 miohine had the very old- bay in faer, Ni-. 29, aB I was tellin' ye, was one of the suree enginss on %he road, bat when she did git into her didos ehe w&b; more obstreperous 'i- a government mule. Ingtnes is like these sewin' maohineB or planners, and them things. They git oat o' kilter without no reason, and yer can't tell w'at's the matter Srith -em, only they jest won't and that's all there is about it. She wouldn't steaii, she fretted and snorted and foamed, aril wouldn't do her work no waya at all. Me and Crazy f ueBed with her, and worked with her, and coaxed and cussed her, but it wasn't no use. We kept run nin* behind all tl.e time instead of makin' , up 'n the conductor swore like a pirate.! . He was a engineer hisself, and he came out into the cab and for five or ten mile he fuBBea and worked and coaxed and cussed. I believe that ingine knew just as -well tbat Satan was out loose that night as if she'd been a real human. Ingines is like, women— they can't tell you why a thing is eo, and can't give no reason for it, but they jest know it ia so. Mebbe we'd made thirty mile or sich matter. The rain and sleet and hail and snow was comin' down fearful. The water was pourin' down the mountain aud fillin' the ditches and runnin* much as you saw it last night. The wind was blowin' a tornado, and come tearin' through the passes — gulches they call 'em in this country — in gusts that would strike the locomotive like a big wave striking a ship, and almost throw her over. It was so dark, too, that I couldn't hev seen Crazy on the other side of the cab' but for the lantern, and wen he opened the furnace door. But I had to get along all I could. It wouldn't do to slow up, as I was runnin' for a meetin' point. Just before you get to the curve at Devil's Bun there's a short stretch of straight track. Soon as I struck that I began to lcok for the light in Charley'e window, which was the oihei side of the run. Strainin' my eyes through the dark just at the point of the curve I saw a light swinging backward and forward slowly across the track. You know twasa-tellin' you aa everything went crooked that ni^ht. Soon as I saw that light I knew what it ali was in a minit. It came on me with a rash like. My hair stood on end. I blew brakes, I screamu to the fireman, ' Crazy I Devil's Ban culvert's gone, by the Una' God 1 ' Hs jumped 'n sot the tender brakes, and slid the wheels in a flash. The brakesmen behind didn't answer. They was dozin' in the oars, I reokon. I blew brakes figin with a blaBtt io wake the dsad, and threw her over. The drivers ground and groaned under me, but the rails were aleety and ciippery, and I was forgine ahead to a gutf 500 feet square down, and 150 human lives behind me. I wae tellin' ya as No. 29 that night was dead square ag'in goin' auead ; bu* when I threw her back seems like she knew her biz and how muoh laid on her doin' of it well. Women, agin, is engines. Crabbed, crooked, cantankerous ouEses wen they don't want to, bat where its works of goodness or mercy call on 'em and they're right there. No 29 took hold on that reverse with a grit I never seen on no engine afore. She put all there w«s in her into every turn, and the whole affair took less time than I'm a tellin' of it till the danger was by. When we Btopped within twenty feet of the light, whioh was swingin1 still, backward and forward, slowly aorofis} the traok, I stz to Crazy, ' Who'e got that lantern T ' Kne * it couldn't be the trackmen, for we'd just met him three miles below, and 'oept hiit] there was nobody nearer'n ten miles at that time of night. Bo I gita down horn the machine and runs up the road. As I camos up I sees a little figure in white. It was still a ewingin' of the light backwards and forwards, slowly across the traok. He was in hie nightgown, jaBt aB he got oat ot bed, hadn't no hat, and waa barefoot. The sleet had froze in his hair and his nightgown waB stiff with ice. I comes up to Jim — well, I was took that way I oouldn't epaak. An' he kep' Bwingin' the light backwards and forwards, slowly across the traok, and he see to me, he says, ' You and rue's parde, isn't we f ' I looks at 'im a minit. His eyes waa open and looked queer. He was dead fast asleep. Crazy ketoheB me or I'd gone over, whioh it were my legs seemed weak like. Then I sets down on the rail, and Crazy picks ap the child, 'n' haggin' of 'im up busted right out a cryia', he did. The conductor and some of the men got out of the cvs and come where we wa«. It was eleetin' still, 'n' growin' bitter cold. The boys carried the baby into the baggage' oar, where there was a stove and took off his night clothes and wrapped 'im up in blankets and great coats. There was a doctor on the train, and he sea if we kin git 'im back to bed without wakin' of 'im up p'raps it wouldn't hurt 'im ; but if he was to wake, what with the wet, 'n1 the cold, 'n' the fright, like as not it might kill 'im. So the boys takes 'im up to carry 'im to the house, and I follered along, but I could't hev carried a kitten. The doctor he tells 'em to be ke.erful and not wake 'im, for it was as muan as his life was worth. So Oraay takes 'im and two of 'em holds a a blanket over 'm to keep the sleet off^'n' one goes ahead with, a lantern, aud two or three more about with lanterns, bo's to light the way. W'en we got to tbe break it was just as I expected, track, road, cul vert, everything gone, clean aa if cut out with a knife. The water was pitohin' round the run six feet deep, carryin' big rocks and boulders, that b*o.unced and bumped from aide to side, and up into the air, clear out of the water. It was awful to look at. How the child got over the gap, which was at least treaty feet wide, I don't know. A tree he-i come down and. lodged crosBways, and I suppose he must hev gone over on that. W'ea we come to it we was most afraid to try it, for if you slipped off the log it was ali day with you. I didn't like to tru-t the -»ays, aid I eea to Jake, 'Crazy, you won't dr p tbe baby, will you ?' B- p- ints do»?n into the br at and ees, 'Latham wed all be down there every mother's son of us, but for your little pard. I'd drop my soul first.' Well ! we got 'im home aafc at last. Mary was asleep when we got to the home, ani waa soared aa bad as me when she heard what was up. We pat 'im back in hia bed and sure enough he never waked up. Next mornin' they threw a trestle over the break and trains was lunnin' agin. But the doctor stayed with us, jfaat out of his own bead, yoa know, bat he seemed anxious. Seemei as though he took to the child. Don't wonder at that, neither. Moat everybody did. I watohed by -im all that night and toward day I got out all his old Christmas things and set 'em on Io a table near the nea, waere ne oonia see em the firot thing. But a fayer came on 'im, 'n' wan he woke up he was oat of his head. I speaks to 'im and Bee, ?' How goes it, Pard?' But he didn't know me. Thai was Thanksgiving Day, yoa know, 'a' I sat there by him, hopin' every minit as he might come round, so I give 'im his things and we could hev our holiday jest as we used to do. Bat he kep' gettin' worse from hoar to hoar. He was sick jest a week and wanderin' and wild from first to last. I stayed with 'im all the time, for I hadn't wits enough left to handle a maohine, and the boys sent word not to bother myself abont baainess V they'd see me through. So, between 'en they did FIVE ORIGINAL ?ay duty n.ud. No. 29 wect uv and tiowu in i'er reg'isT ruis j*Bt »s i£ I w«b at tho lever. Yoa know I was tellin' abont the water-tank near the house. It didn't use to be need muoh, bat that week it seemed as though there wasn't a train either way that didn't get oat o' watct jast there, and some ot 'em would oome over to Bee abont the boy. And their wives kept sendin' nioe things — and they were poor people, too. You see, somehow it travelled about as fast as what little Pard had done, stoppin' the train that night, 'n' he sieh ft mite of a child. An' it got into the news papers, and the President of the road came ap to see 'im and all that. Bat he jaat went on from day to day, for death struck 'im from :-b* first moment aa he stood there in the winter rain. From tus talking while he was delirious we found, out pretty muoh all how it was. I reokon he beard the storm in hia sleep and the roarin* of the run and that set him to dreamin1. Of coatee he knew it was my night, 'n* I had often told 'im what a bad place it .was, and what to do if anything happened — never thinking that he'd go to doin' of it hisself. Bat he gits np in his eleep, takee his lantern and goes oat to meet me. I'd be a sittin' there watobin' of 'imby hia bed, V he'd begin first, jest kindo' mutterin', and I'd hear him say, softly like, aa ef he was talkin' to hiaeelf : 'Pard'a due at the ran ia twenty minite. I kin get there in time.' 'Pears like it wae all goin' through bis mind agin and he was doin' over jest what he did that night. We could tell wen he got to the plaoe where the road broke, for he see, ' ' Kin I git over on that log ? Ef I don't my pard '11 be killed.' Then seemed as though he was goin' down to the onrve where we foand him. An' he'd ? hiver like as ef the cold rain was strikin' 'im. Yon Bee we could mostly toiler 'im by watehin' 'im and ketohin' what he Baid. Onot or twiot he shook right hard, and his teeth ohattered. We thought it was the cold he was feelin' agin as he felt out there in the night with nothin' on 'im. Xben he keepB still awhile like he was a waitin' and liEtenin' for the train, and you'd eoa 'im hold hia breath fearin1 be couldn't katoh the sound. Pieftty soon he speaks agin, gently like, and sea : ' Kin he see the ligH in time ?' 'N he waits a bit. Next he jumps right up iu bed on his knees aud screams out at the top of his voice : ' Stop her, Pard ! Stop 29 !' Stranger, I've seen frightful things in my time, but I never see anything so awful as that was. Pale and wild, with the fever on 'in*, that mere baby was tryin' to make me hear, and the wind howlin* and the train roarin' the way it was. An' we'd try to keep 'im still, *n' his mother would coax him, and Id try to quiet him 'n' he'd scream agin : ' Culven's gone ! Stop her, Pard !' An' I'd take 'im. in my arms 'n' he'd be all of a quiver. Then it seemed like he heered me whistle, for he ses : ' All right! he's blowin1 brakes.' An' I puts 'im back iu bed and be lays still a minit like he was listenin', and see: 'He's a reversin' of 29, lie is! My pard— pard's safe.' Then he'd shut his eyes and drop off, and smile in his sleep, like he was satisfied. By-and-bye he'd begin and go all ovtr it -tgin, and sq, day after day, allers the same. He seemed to hev it in hia mind all the time. The dootor, you know him I was a tellin' about, well, he stopped off that night and stayed with us the whole week and nursed baby like he was his own. 'N wen it was all over I thought it was right, 'n' I ses to 'im, 'Doctor! can I pay you?' 'No!' ses he, 'Latham, you can't. Hia life saved mine. 'N besides that, Latham, 'n* he filled up like, 'besides that, Latham, I've got one jest his age. There ain't nothin' you kin give mo but that little cuil there on his forehead.' So Mary takes the scissors and cuts it off. He kissed it, -n put it in his pocket 'a went away. On the night of the break at Devil's Bun, wen I got off the machine to see what was the matter, I pulls out my watch and it was twelve o'clock and three minits. It was exactly a week after that I took out my watch and it was twelve o'clock and three minita. Some of the neighbours had come from around in the mountains, 'n a minister had come frqm a village about fifteen miles off. I didn't give no atten tion to nothin', for I was stunned like and didn't know how it all was. I was settin* in front of the house on a large stone where Charley used to sit and wait for me wen I was comin' by, and I heerd a whistle. An' I see a train. It stopped near where I was. The locomotive was No. 29. The boys had her dreBsed in mournin'. Bill Walker was runnin' her and Crazy was firin'. These were three eoachea, filled with the boys and their wives and children. They was in their best clothes, 'n when they came by where I was sittin'— they all knew it was littla Charley's place— the men took off their hats and the Women had their handkerc^ers to their faces. I all'ia knowd they was very fond of him, but it seemed as though they had lost &n; only child. There were six litvlsi boys, all tlie same size, and they took 'im u , and we all follered up the side of the mounts in. - It was a mild day, and the sun ehiain' bright. We crossed Devil's E^n and came to a place of level ground where thet1^ was some large pine trees. It -svas just over the oiiff, a Jifctle ways from the road, eay 100 feet, and in pKin si^ht of wh,ece lie sto .d wnvin' his lantern ba--.k ward and Forward slowly aeroa* the tra'ik when he said, ' You and ma's paras, isn't we?' After all. it was harder on JIa'y fch^n on me. In three months' time I too? her tbere, too. I'- stayed on the li««i a little while after that, but I couldn't nover go back to my house agin, and whenever I waa goin' by and saw thos* two he .pa o? fresh earth it worked on me so i couldn't stand it. As I was tellia*, I sometime* think I'd like to back there, and Bee tbe place once more, but seem* as if I was afeerd. I d--n%fc believe in ghosts but on a dark night, I'd see my little Charley waving his light - as he did that night when it -cost him. his life.— Detroit Free Press. 