SYDNEY AND BACK. BY OVERLANDEB. Homeward Bound. ihe town ot urange, iN.b. w., 13 one or several years growth, and was for a period, the depot for the inland carrying trade. Here I am compelled to spend a night and day, so accordingly I start from the station in search of decent quarters, and the hour being nine o’clock, I experience some diffi culty in finding my way towards the business portion of the town. Keeping straight to my left, I at last pull up at a veritable bush town inn, where 1 soon find to my cost that travellers are taken in. After complying with a series of black mail demands in the capacious bar where everyone is eager to drink my health, the buxom landlady informs me that tea is ready. I shall not weary' my readers with a description of the meal, and will also draw a veil over the horrors of my night's adventures merely stating that at daybreak a stranger might have been seen leaving the side door of the hostelry pistol in hand, and horror in his face. Meeting the fresh air once more, he got somewhat composed, and made tracks anywhere out of the way of that spot. I was the unfortunate, and luckily the road I took, led me to the part of the town that I should have reached the previous night, except that I foolishly mistook the directions and followed my left, instead of my right hand. Seated in the breakfast room of Tanner’s Club Hotel, I soon found how wonderful were the risks that had encom passed me during the night spent at the lambing-down establishment. The meal finished, a short stroll up the main thorough fare soon enables mo to find somo business people with whom I had passed a portion of my brief school-boy career. There are not many “lions” about Orange : broiling heat, dusty roads, several fine buildings, and at a short distance a visitor can view the celebrated slaughtering and freezing works. The latter is a model establishment, but there is a decided smell about it, which would not add to the salubrity of our South Beach at Wil liamstown. X find many business people here are of opinion that the days of .the prosperity of Orange arc numbered. Since the railway has been pushed through to Uubbo, the carrying firms have gone forward with it, and up-country goods are booked from the farther station. Chinese cooks are in great demand here, and they are good servants. I leave by the 9.20 p.m. mail train, and enjoy a snooze as far as the | Idthgow Valley, which we reach at 2 o’clock. I am curious to witness the arrangements for ascending the great Zig Zag by night, and these I find to be very complete, the signalling being excellent. Kerching the top, we rush along the serpentine track, all scenery being hidden by the veil of night. At Mount Victoria we wake up for refresh ments, and are treated to a surprise in the form of a train laden with frozen meat passing through from Orange to Sydney for shipment. All the carcases are neatly wrapped in white cloth, and look like so many ghosts travelling “ Making night hideous, and we fools of nature so horrible to shake our disposition with thoughts beyond the reach of our souls." Ugh 1 Another snooze and Glenbrook is reached. Daybreak, and I prepare to enjoy the great and wonderful effect of the sunrise in the Blue Mountains. Slowly the light steals across the face of the surrounding bids, and as we advance towards the edge of the great Zig Zag, it would seem as if we were skirting the borders of an immense lake. Not so however; the light is fast reaching the lower level, and the life-giving rays of old Sol rapidly dispel the mtst which obscures our view. As we descend the first gradient the curtain of night’s vapours gradually rolls away, and then the indescribable effect upon which so much has been written, is seen to advantage. Somehow I become oblivious again, and at last reach Redfern terminus once more. I have yet 21 hours to spend in Sydney, and make the most of my opportunities. A. run down to Hyde Park on a tram, leaves but a short distance to walk, and X enter the outer domain. Passing a few minutes in the picture gallery, where a choice and valuable collection of paintings are to be seen, I proceed to visit the botanical gardens. They prove to be worthy of the reputation they have earned. Walk ing leisurely through, the parapet is reached, This is a wall breast, beyond which, in Farm Cove, the men of war are lying. To the right is Lady Macquarie’s Chair, and upon the left, the Garden Palace and Government House are to be seen, while beyond the beautiful harbour is seen to advantage. I leave this place with regret. Life has many vicissitudes, and I can scarcely hope to visit the same scene again, but I shall never for get its many beanties even when far away. Strolling back through the gardens, and treading the well-kept sward, I soon discover that the fashionable portion of the population of Sydney, are patronising the spot. I can not help paying the ladies of this capital, a compliment, that is if the truth be compli ment. Every one of the sex you meet here, and who wear shoes, seem to show them to advantage. Whether it be that the articles of dress in question are tetter made or designed, or whatever the reasons maybe I am quite sure that the wearer’s feet look very neat, while in Melbourne the effect is usually the opposite. After tea I step across to the Old exhibition building where the members of the Leidertafel are giving one of their glorious concerts. Our Melbourne friends are visiting here, and are much appreciated. What a time they are havingl Trips down the harbour, up the Zig Zag with a cooking car attached to the train, poultry and champagne, no wonder all the profits went in expenses. Still their performances are a treat, and I enjoy this particular one as much as the Sydneyites who have come up in about 300 hansom cabs. Our local town clerk is here, and worthily holds his own as a vocalist. Everything however has an end, and at the close of the concert I seek my lodgings, wanting a good night’s rest, for tomorrow X start for Melbourne again. Leaving Sydney next day at 8.30 p.m. I prepare to play the part of martyr for 386 miles, but I seem tolerably well, and reach Albury at 12.50 on the following day. Not to be caught this time, 1 manage to persuade a bus-driver to take a load of us right through to Wodonga, at which place we got a good dinner, close to the railway station, for the reasonable charge of one shilling. Arriving upon the Wodonga platform, we are saluted by a fumigating apparatus in which sulphur is burning. This nearly chokes us, if it fails to kill the germs of small pox, which we are supposed to have about ns. After this disinfecting process, a polite custom’s official overhauls our baggage, and then I take the train once more upon the Victorian lines, and in due time arrive in Melbourne, after an absence of seven clear days, during which I managed to travel about 1660 miles by train. The various objects of interest that I saw, have been but poorly described in theso contributions, and I owe a debt of gratitude to those readers who have followed my wanderings. In concluding, I should heartily recommend any person desiring a thorough holiday trip, to follow my tracks, and visit Sydney, where so much kindness and hospitality was extended to 