THE VEfiY EEV. DR. OANL TO THE EDITOR OF THE CAPHICOEHIAX. Sir, ^-G teat and unmerited animus having been wrongfully excited against the Very Rev. Dr. Cani among Borne of his flock at Rock hampton, by the publication of a famous ' protest,' and by the reports of unseemly and ill- advised discussions, recently indulged m by some professed catholics there, — will yon have the goodness to reprint in your columns the enclosed communication from the Queensland Tfmea. Possibly some few may not relish having the scales of prejudice removed from their eyes; but instinctive love of fair play will render it pleasing to all fair-minded catholics to have their minds disabused of nn worthy mis representations concocted by a petty clique, against their bishop elect. Gtnzcr. Brisbane, May 6, 1SS2. We give the principal portions of a very long letter :— 'To unpredjuiced minds, few indeed among living priests have such deep and manifold claims on the lasting gratitude of Catholics in Queensland. Not to mention other works, are not the Cathedral and the fine commodious brick boildmga that have replaced the old slab hiw pious zeal during his former administra tion t Observant Catholics have Been and can not forget how, since then — preferring duty to eue — God's glory and the salvation of souls to personal comfort or private interest — Dr. Cani, with piety that shunned ostentation, has been devotedly occupied in arduous missionary labourers. They have seen him, though advanced in years, earnestly toiling amid the hardships and discomforts of Northern Queens land under the blaze of a tropical son, while certain of those polite ' administrators ' — younger men and less experienced priests — who assailed him with their conscientious protest, were coziiy basking io the undisturbed enjoyment of palatial luxury in more favoured parts of their Master's vineyard. *' And now, after long vears of humble un remitting labour, the placing of the croaer in his bands is a meet recognition of bis genuine worth. The mitre will rest with becoming grace and dignity on a head blanched in the active and fruitful service of religion and charity. Long and successfully may he wear it, and may he be endowed with heavenly grace and wisdom to administer the ?acred functions of so responsible an office in all things agreeably to the Divine will. To this thousands of tonenea will respond a fervent ' Amen.' For, in truth, the appoint ment of this venerable priest to the new bishopric brings real joy to the heart of every Catholic who knows him, save only that in significant few to whom his elevation means discomfiture and personal disappointment. On behalf of these and their prejudiced partisans, pious Catholics will charitably pray, * Father, forgive them.' The correspondent of the Queensland Times appends to bis letter the following copy of Archbishop Yaaghan's reply to the protest, recently published by us, from some twenty .priests of the diocese, against Dr. Canfe appointment as administrator : ? Sydney, 3rd October, 1SS1. Dear Rev. Father Breen,— Now that the sad rites connected with the death of and month's mind for the late lamented Bishop of Brisbane are over, - 1 hasten to u.-fcnoirledce tne ruetpt of a 'protest,' signed and ient to me by a lanze number of the clergy, against the appointment of the Very Rev. Dr. Cani as administrator 'gede mcanie' of the diocese of Brisbane. L Nothing, I can assure the rev. clergy, would eire me a greater personal pleamre than to meet their wishes when I cut do so with a peaceful conscience. Bat ^^ (a) The Very Rev. Dr. Cani had already been appointed when the protest arrived. (6) a nil had each not been the case, I should1 have been open to the censure of the Holy See if I had accepted the nomination by the dergy is the way proposed, as do rescript has been law, or to overlook *hft qualifications mentioned by the Sacred Canons. 2\. Repardinp the plea pot forward by the rer. deijg' against the appointment of the Very' Her. Dr. Cani' najntJy, hi* pia I » d mi n i«ftra1a~ *m of the diocese dorinp the Bishop's absence— the late Biahop. under the most solemn circumstances— when the deepest interests of religion depended on his carefnOy considered judg ment— emphatically recorded a declaration to the contrary, to be forwarded to the Holy See, a copy of eyes. Dear Bev. Fathers, let us— as r do daily-pray the Holy Ghost to send a BUhop to Brisbane according to unworthy of so creat a grace, whilst with best blessing and wishes to all the rev. clergy, I am. dear Rw. Father Breen, Your faithful servant in Christ, t Roger Bede. Archbishop of Sydney, and Metropolitan. The Ber. James B. Breen,* Secretary. 