THE doings of Sir HENRY PAR?ES, and the honours accorded to him in America and England, are duly and minutely communi cated by telegraphic message, and the recog nition •of their Premier's worth as a states man cannot but be flattering to thle colonists of New South Wales, and, we may add, to Australians generally. The cordiality of hlis recepltion by the titled magnates of England and thle Republican notabilities of the United States must certainly have surprised and gratified Sir HENRY PARRES himself, and must have afforded him some .consolation as he reviewed his toilsome and somewhat troubled career. As a business man, his colo nial career has been markedly a failure, and his reverses have evoked more blame than pIity. For the past twenty years, however, he has been a professional politician, and has figured prominently in every public movenient. He has held the chief oiffice in several Ministries, and, in others, important subordinate positions have been filled by him. For a succession of years he was thle political antagonist of Sir Jon ROBERTSON, but since the coalition effecoted a few years ago the two redoubtable statesmen have been fast friends and co workers in PaTliament. A temporary mis undel?tanding arose between them over the Milburn Creek affair, when Sir JonN ROBDERT soN determined to throw the aegis of his pimo tectionr over his protege, Mr. Taos. GAnm-rr; and being therefore at issue with the PREMIER in the implication of GARRElT in tlrit "shady" affair, he withdrew from the Cabinet. Very soon, however, the breach was healed, and Sir JouN returned to the Mhiistry, and became once more united in political alliance with the Premier, whose pllace he templorarily fills, and the reflection of whose glory falls upon him and constitutes his merited reward. If, as TEN?YsoN says, a " fierce light beats upon the throne," and if the revealing bright ness discloses certaimn features whichl proclaim imperfection, the .alne is equally true concern ing men who occupy high positions ill the State through the suinfrages of their fellow citizens. There are those who can see notlh ing adminabfe in the character of Sir HENRY PAInKEs, and nothing exceptionally creditable in his public career. It has been that gentle man's foible somewhat vautningly to trumpet foLrth his own services, and it is not surprising that there should be found some who refuse to endorse his self-praise. They regard hii as a lucky fellow who has known how to play his cards; he lhas, in their view, only ibeen more fortunate than others in "grasping the skirts of haplpy chance, and breasting the blows of circunlstance." But, despite all de traction, and notwithstandiug his chequered and troubled career as a colonist, the Premier of New South Wales was never more in fluential as he is now, and never sureir of the confidence and suffiages of the colony of which hie is the chief political functionary iand the most conspicuous statesman. A trimluner, a sycophant, a pliant tool and servile partisln rarely runs a long race. If Sir HsENY PARKEs had been no more than a tlruculent politician and schemingi office-seeker, void of puinciple and destitute of genuine worth, he would have found his true appraisement ere this among a people alwho have had large op portunities of proving his real character and justly estimating his services as a citizen siand as a senator. It occurs to us that tile career of the Proe mier of New South VWales furnishes a typical instance of the ascent of a man of lowly origin to a position of enviable dignity and honour. He w.s wh~le in England a "work ilg man," associated in early manhood with the faunous Chartist movement, which, in 1848, culminated in riotous demonstrations in various large townsr in England. Emigrating to Noew South Wales soon afterwards, le began his career of nOwsp)ser l)rop)rietor and journal ist, and for sonme time conducted tile Empire -a Sydney daily journal. But, though the paper held on its way ably uand vigorously for a considerable time, and was the organ of time ILRadical perty in tile colony, its management was never capable of competing with tIhe wealthy p)rojlietary of thle STdney iimormmi)mg Ierald. Thie editorial staff of the journal was; able and complete, its reportling facilities were mnmerous and elticient, and in procuring earliest anid fidlest intelligence for its news columns no expense was slpared. At that plriod--firom twenty to twenty- five years ago \--no " ssoci:ated Press T'elegramls" were thought of, and in other reslects thile Press of thi cmolony was heavily handicapped. The long stmirt which the eler jiournal had oh tained,anditsimmenseadvertisingConstituenoy, gave it unmassaille Iprestige, : Il reiUdlered its circulation gmat amm its aovhin t ogellI:e - pencable to the business portion of thl coumn inunity. Hence, the Esmpire, as the weaker rival, succumbed, and passed into other hands. and after a further feeble career as a mornins journal was merged into tile Jvening News, which supplied a want in Sydney journalism, and has proved, notwithstanding the sonme what discreditable sensationalism of its earl\ lays, a ipolular newspaper and a financial auccess. During his proprietorship of the Emire, Mfr. PAns?s rentdered himself exceedingly un plpular in tihe community, and particularl' obnoxious to the prlinting trade, by the intro duction of a bodly of Eurasia.'colapositers firom India. This Coolie immigration we: resented bitterly, and at election times for years afterwards it was the standing charge against Mr. PARKES, and gave pith to many a political diatribe and point to many an ele tionecring squib. Mr. PARKaS's subsequent Ilbusiness c~areer in the mercantile world ended disastrously to himself and to others, and lie never seemns to have found his vocation until hlie made politics his sole pursuit. In his long political life he hls, like most other energetic and enterprising statesmen, seen a good1 many " ups and downs." He has bIeen now on the crest of.the wave of public favour and .now down in the trough of the surging sea of scorn and derision. It was a long time before hlie lived down the ridicule, not altegethler undeserved, which he brought. upon himself himself hy the " Kiama ghost" episode. But the laurels hlie has won in con nection with his l achievements in the interests of Ipublic education and of the abolition of State aid to religion have been deservedly ob tained, and entitle him to tle lasting grati tude of his fellow-colonists. It is niot a little romantic to read of Sir HENILY PARKEs's visit to Stoneleigh, his native village, of his being the guest of Lord LEmonH, of the Abbey, and of his paying a visit to the little cottage in which he was born. Whlat changes had transpired, what experiences he had undergone, shince tihe day when, upwards of sixty years past, there was the usual com motion and ghstmdstion in that humble village home consequent on the advent of a little stranger ! Surely the heartof the Australian statesman must have swelled with gristitude and pardonable pride on a review of his event fel career I .The lowly village child, the Chlartist of after days, is now the. guest of high-born lords and ladies, greeted and flied in town and country. - He may stand as a type of the Laureate's "divinely-gifted mnan, whose life in low estate began, who blreaks hids birth's inlvidious bar." We hope that what has been said of Sir HaENRY PARKES in America will be equally descriptive, of Eng lish opinion of him-" There is no doubt he will leave a very agreeable impression as the representative of Austnalian statesmanship and Australian p;uinlood." May his holiday be unmarred by any uintoward event; may his mission advance Australian interests; and may he return to the land of his adoption and his service " with his blushing honosrs thick upon him!" 