r:^,;^ [?] So^Bir^'Enry haB landed* 6bH Yafa£ee'lrBdil, and this'end of the world hasn't tipped up as -wao expected! The Governor of California has ?welcomed our Premier, and the pastry doings ?were something gorgeous. Unfortunately, how ever, the Governor'o name is Perkins, and thio alone takes '/5 per cent. from the effects of the affair. H'o one should bo appointed governor to any state uuleso he had a name at least as long as IFitz-Clarence Montmorency, because anything more plebeian dims the luotre of all official oho we. Sir 'Enrv unon this occasion oaoke with a deeree of modesty and cave quite wonderful for ono so young. E'o alliMion was made to tho Kiama Ghost, or Skuthorpe ; no comparioons drawn between himself and Juliuo Cteoar. But he simply imparted oomo valuable information respecting the growth, resources, and CBpr.bilitieo ? of the Australian eolonieo, and showed that there ?were open there great fields i'or huiacn anfcorprioe. Nothing was oaid of the exact locality of tho spots referred to, however, 00 fcuo 'probability id that Australia will not be ruoheu iiii/ough Sir 'Bnry'o visit any moro than if 'he had ofceyed at home and fought out the Local Option buoineos. Taking the trip so far, XTapoloon'o fame is not quite snuffed out ; and Bismarck has alco a show for the champion belt or stateomanohip. Some of our readers may remember that once upon, a' time there was. a procession through this city. Bands played, banners waved, citizens howled, and It. B. Smith, Esq., rushed up in a cab and told fche Princes' driver he didn't ought to do it. A afcafcue wac to have , been at once erected in honour of our gracious Queen, and a monument left that would be admired when Cleopatra's pile wao forgotten — and perhaps not till then. Half a year han paooed oinoe that eventful' day, and yot that square is eo bare of ornament as a pound of bald-headed butter. This is a sad reflection on our loyalty ; and boaideB the ' elevated ' citizen is deprivod of a good sub stantial prop to lean hio . back against in tho lonely midnight hour, and curse that Coffee Palace craze callod Local Option. The educated IS oho of a few days back thought 'school teachers' billets were being, ; unduly rushed,' If thio io bo, ve have need of more asylums. A worse paid or better worked being than, the. average teacher doeo not exi?fc, at least in this world. Hio hours are long, hio responoibilifcy great, the moat XTi'ofcched accommodation io fre quently served out to him, and he receives about as much per yecv ao he would make by pioking up. lead in a shooting alley. Our debating elaGDOo ?would do well to worry up the question 'Is educa tion, worth going for P' If wo oduecfco 'our boyo ' to enable them to ouoceed in lifo olio glaneo at the men who now rule this land is enough to show that the fching is a fraud and a forfcy-horoo power delusion. That spirited opiritualiotie agent, Mr. Havi land, haa been recently holding forth at Albury, and some oC hiB arguments wero 00 solid and hio 1 logic bo sound that he would have probably con T verted many thoucanda, only, as a rule, Albury people take their spirits about in square bottlen, and Mi*. BEaviland was honoured by a beggarly array of empty benches. Said tho gifted lecturer ?whilst producing a couple of 'gems,' ' There is the photograph of two materialised spirits, and what more would you have ?' It soemo, how ever, that those scoptics wanted a great deal more, as tho local journal obsorvoa that ' if irreverently disposed, ono might bo apt to wish that the face of the malo spirit had a littlo loss resemblance to a person in the maudlin stage of intoxication, and that tho female shade did not in so marked a dogroo convey tho idea of an idiot suffering from erysipelas.' After that lot who'd be a Bpirit ? Mr. Haviland's efforts wero doalt out in favour of the local charities, and the trouble pow is to find a place to stow all the coin in. An.u ; 'et as a parting shot the Banner says t-^' In point of 'fact, Mr, Haviland's lecture is, nothing more nor less than an insult to the common-sense of the Country.' Whilst v/e are dragging out our hair by the rooto to do our duty to 'ohe heathon we let many a chance go by of aeoring a win by helping those of our ov/ii creed and colour. For example; a £ow days ago a Bockley f armor named Cornolius Dwyor v/as doing tho markets when a trifling blaze sprung up in hio farm yard. A few minutea lator £550 .worth of property was totally destroyed and poor Dwyer was completely ruined. I beliove I am correct in oaying that up to tho present time no one has thought fife to present this unfortunate Hardworking man with even an illuminated ad dreBB and testimonial. ? ! Human nature is the same all che world through, and tho gao-meter seems ,to run in a Bimilar groove One Captain Skilling, of the States, rocenfcly ooaled hiG tell-tale up and left hia home for a quarter, but tho gaus bill was frrofcfced in afc the uoual fcimo, and for about five dollaro estra. But fchoy do things better over there, and so tho company was voted a swindle, whilst over here it could have paid fifteen per cent. for. the half-year and skipped around with the plate on Sundays. After all, America is far behind Aus tralia. ! . , : 