GENERAL NEWS. 7 BHrfi's eleven scored 155, as &4ofaUaCed<"1 lheb00k ty the wli® Tf'.H country of the railway accidents at Jolunont, Windsor, and Bean- f5 o®?? ascertained to be resnectivelv and STsi. ' - - twcludiiig law expenses), and £3,200, mailing a total of £63,500. Two vrills were proved in Melbourne on Thursday, which wUl be the means of largely adding to the revenue. They were that of the late Mr. Grice for £320,600, and of the tote Mr. Porter, protfaonotaiv of the Supreme Court for £163,000. On the 6th inst. the XHrnbooia Banner was shown some splendid ears of wheat, grown by Mr. J. H. H orders, at his selec tion near the Woolshed, Dimboola. The wheat is a sample of the Champion rust proof grain, which was introduced and dis tributed by the South Australian Govern ment some time ago. The grain is very thick on the stalk, and is well-filled. Mr. Harriers has only about a quarter of an acre, which he expects will yield sir or seven aeei intends keeping the grain for There was one incident in connection with the collision tbat I (John Peerybingle) haven't seen in any of the papers. It is a positive fact, for I had it from one who lives close to the line, and who was one of the first on the scene to help the sufferers. Amongst those extricated from the wreck was a lady who seemed terribly shaken. She was as pale as a ghost, and trembled like a leaf in a breeze. She seemed to be quite dazed for a minute or two after she was got out, hut gradually her senses returned to her. The first words she stammered out were "My n-n-new p-parasol is in the c-c-carriage ?" It might be nnjnat to infer that she was not seriously hurt internally, hilt ffl tiint. filiniwmg TWAWhWiF nvAttAW. A— A and surrounded by disaster, the ruling passion was strong in the female mind. Her limbs were quivering, her nerves were shattered, her tongue unable to articulate distinctly — but her woman's instinct came oat of the ordeal triumphantly. She didn't forget her new parasol A most peculiar case was investigated at the City Court on the 6th Inst., when a yonng girl named Harriet Pickett was charged with obtaining £80 from the Post- office Savings' Bank by means of forged orders. The money was tbe property of a man named James Bonrke, a brother-in-law of the accused, and he swore that the signa tures attached to the foiged orders were in the handwriting of bis sister-in- law. Mrs. Bourke, when examined in the witness box, tried all she could to criminate her sister, the accused, but her cross-examination revealed her purpose. The clerks at the Savings' Bank pointed out the prosecutor's wife as the person who had drawn the moneys, and stated they had never seen the accused before. The girl, Harriett Pickett, when arrested, confessed that she knew her sister, Mrs. Bonrke, had drawn the moneys, and her statement was handed to the bench. Mr. Call, P.M., who presided, discharged the accused, without eallinjT on her counsel for a defence, intimating at the same time that the bench had little doubt in their mind as to who the guilty person really was. It is understood tbat the public will hear more of this Btrange case. " A narrow escape from seriouB, if not fatal injury by lightning occurred on the Bunin- yong road at 3 o'clock on the afternoon of the 5th inst., when, (savs the Star) Mr. D. M'Grath, driver for Mr. A. M'Donald, the well-known cab proprietor of Bnninyong, was coming into Bailarat with his horse and vehicle during the thunderstorm. Mr. M'Grath bad as passengers Miss Scott and Mr. Mitchell, teachers at the Mount Clear school, Miss Vallins, teacher at the Green Hills school, and Mr. Study, veterinary surgeon. When the Halfway House was reached, there occurred a very vivid flash of lightning, which struck the vehicle, and had the effect of lifting it bodily off the road to theheightof a couple of feet. Simultaneously the horse dropped to tbe ground, and lay motionless for abont three minutes. The passengers, when the trap received the upheave, were tossed about in the carryall. The fair sex were sitting on the offside of the vehicle, and the concussion bad the effect of pitching them to the opposite side. As soon as the passengers' fears were allayed the horse was raised from the ground, and the journey to Bailarat was completed. The force of the lightning was also experienced on tbe same afternoon by a salesman at the Bailarat cattle yards. He was resting his band on tbe roof of a building, when the lightning struck his arm, rendering it power less for some time. He imagines that be narrowly escaped with his life." Telegraphing on the 5th inst., the Adelaide correspondent of the Argrn says : — " Detec tive Burchell is investigating the mysterious case of shooting in Tea Tree Gully. It has been ascertained that the father of Martha Johnston was improvident, and had driven his children away from home. Martha had been employed at Mflang. When quitting her situation there, her father wished her to return home with him. She refused, but agreed to go to Adelaide, where they remained for a few days. He then induced her to visit Golden grove, where friends of theira lived, but when there, on some pre text, refused to go to the house. They then left for Tea Tree Gully for refreshments, and at her father's request they left the road in order to make a short cut., While walking on, her father dropped behind. On again getting alongside of her he asked the girl to smell at a cloth, which was saturated with chloroform, saying that it was a lotion for the chest. She re fused, and he again fell to the rear. Shortly afterwards he discharged a pistol, the bullet lodging in the backbone between the abouldera of the giri. She begged far iuen;yi pmuiiBiug « father helped her to an hotel. The ammuni tion has since been discovered, hidden as stated by the girl, and the place where it and the chloroform were obtained has been ascertained. Johnston was charged on re mand at the police court this morning. Ac cording to the doctor's evidence, the grains of powder found under the girl's skin showed that the pistol must have been discharged close to her." The Emerald-bill justices recently fined several persons on a charge of painting words on their premises, which led to the belief that they were auctioneers when they were not auctioneers. In each instance the person fined was a partner of ' a licensed auctioneer, and it was contended for the defendants that it was not necessary for more than one member of the firm to take out a license as auctioneer. On the 6th inst, an application was made to the Supreme Court on behalf of Mr. R- J- Mills, one of those so fined, for a rule to prohibit the enforcement of the conviction. It appeared that Mr. Mills was a partner in the firm of Mfllsand Woodgate, carrying on business as house, land, estate, .and insurance agents in Emerald- hilL On their premises were pmSJ the words "Mills and Woodgate, auctioneers," as well as the words, "house, land, and estate agents, and nenmniw aopiits." Mr. \V ood t.lu held an auctioneer's license, Mr. Mills had none. The auction sales were conducted by Mr. Woodgate and not by Mr. Mills. It. was urged that no offence was committed. Sec tion 18 of the Auctioneers' Statute provided "that any perron not being a licensed auctioneer who shall have any Words written, painted, or _ inscribed, which shall- lead to the belief or supposition that snch person Is an auctioneer." shall be liable to a pemltoof not less £20 nor more than £100. The Court held that the language of the act was clear, and that if the words painted over the premises led to the belief or supposition that' the defendant was an auctioneer, j he was liable to the penalty. The application -to; prohibit the enforcing of the conviction was refused. Half the penalty in. these oases; goes to the informer. 