NEWS AND NOTES. The postmaster notihes that the new post pillar eiected in Doveton street north, opposite the residence of Mr Simon. Morrison, is now available to the public. ■ Ballarat Bast having discussed Local Option on ' Monday night, BilUrat West ■ had an innings yesterday. At 8 o’clock there was but a small muster of reformers bub later oh the number was somewhat increased; and those present made up for their slender force by the frequency and vigour-of their applause.' Mr Jaa. Campbell moved, and Mr W. T. C. Kelly seconded, the firsb’resolution, which was .car ried. It merely approved of Mr Munro’e motion in the Assembly. The second, moved by the R«v. Mr Stewart, and seconded by Mr R. T. Yale, requested the members for the district to support Mi* Muaro. A resolution that the members should be asked to present the resolutions to the Legislative Assembly was then moved ‘by Mr Macgowan, and seconded, by the Rev. Mr Richardson. Mr Baker aud Mr Duncan spoke from the body of the hall, chiefly against the indiscriminate issue of grocers’licences. A vote of thanks to the Mayor terminated the proceedings. On the whole the balance of eloquence was, this time, decidedly in favour of the East, At the Assize Court yesterday a laugh arose, in which Dr Madden joined good-naturedly, when Mr Purves, on meeting with some slight, objection from bis “ learned friend” to one of bis- questions, eaid, in the loudly confidential tone of the stage, to his witness, “ Ah, don’t attend to that rubicuud gentleman over there —attend to me. I’ll aek you nothing that will do you any harmA’ lb would certainly require a sharp lance in a skilful baud to find the joints iu the apparently impenetrable armour worn by one or two female witnesses in court yesterday. We hear that Mr John Sbiels, manager of tbe Joint Stock Bank of Victoria, is about to be appointed a justice of tbe peace. In view of tbe respect iu which Mr Shiels is held, tbe appointment would no doubt bo highly approved. The case of Henderson v Thompson was terminated yesterday iu tbe Assize Court by a verdict fur the defendant, found under direc tion of Mr Justice Holroyd, after tho jury had answered certain questions put to them by his Honour. A runaway took place in Ballarat East yesterday. A bnrse aud vehicle belonging to Mrs M'Cufferty, of Buuiuyong, were standing in Barkly street. The animal took fright, and bolted with the conveyance aloug the Main road. The frantic steed .nest galloped into Grant street, where it was brought to a stsiud still by the vehicle coming into collision with the bridge which spans the Yarrowee Creek. The conveyance received considerable damage. There was a heavy fall of snow yesterday in the Warreuheip diftrict, and the ground was covered by it to tbe depth of about four inches. Tho tops of the railway carriages which arrived at the Western railway station last night were freighted with it, and snowballing was indulged iu by the officials and others on the plat' form,- Tho ninth grand concert, for gentlemen only, in connection with the Ballarat LiederUfel, will take place in tbe Mechanics’ Institute this evening, 26ch iust. A capital pro gramme has been prepared, and an enjoyable evening's entertainment may safely be antici pated. A meeting of the members took place last evening, when float arrangements for to* night's concert were completed. A woman named Catherine Mauling waa brought to the Hospital late on Sunday night suffering from injuries to her head. It ap pears that a man drove up to the Bull and Mouth hotel, Dovatjii street, ou the evening in question, and asked that the woman might be given admission. As sho waa bleeding from several cuts* on her head, was shoeless, and hud her clothes turn in ribbons the land* lord refused. The man then drove off, and left her standing on the footpath Senior-constable Boy an bad been sent for iu tbe meantime, and when he arrived he at once took the suf ferer to the Hospital, where sho gave the name of Catherine Whitlord, but she subse quently gave tbe name first mentioned. She further stated that, in company with her brother and another man, sho had gone for a drive to Learmanth, and while returning was thrown out of the buegy. which caused the wounds. Thu woman’s injuries are not dan* gerous, though they are somewhat severe. At a late hour Inst night the patient was as well as could be expected. Our Learmanth correspondent writes;—“ la reference to the £8 referred, to in yesterday’s Star as having been abstracted from a regis tered letter pusted at Learmuuth on Monday, the 17th iust., it may boas to state, in justice to tbe office here, that if a registered letter waa received open at the Ballarat office, as baa been stated, one would imagiue the matter ought to have been reported at ouce to the offica from which the letter came, instead of sending the letter to its destination stamped 41 open," Tho authorities, however, know, or ought to know, tho proper course to pursue. As it is, tbe matter was unknown here until the sender of tbe letter received a reply from Mr John Smith, of Dean, intimating to Mr Brewster that tho letter had been received, hut that it contained uo money. It is not often that registered letters are tampered with, but obe would naturally expect that when a letter was found so, a little vigilance would be exercised. However, it' transpires that no official intimation was received, and therefore those who bold a high opinion of the efficiency of this office will have nofear of the result of any enquiries which may bo instituted by the authorities.” Mr Prentice, J P., was the presiding magis* trate at tbe Beaufort Police Court ou Monday, Two cases of alleged assault were adjourned till next court day. The following cases were dealt with ;—Wotherspoon Bros., v Ah Tan and Ah Cooey. goods £l6; order for tho amount and 8* 6d coats. Crown lands bailiff v Thomas Bath, cutting timber on Crown lands without a license. Fined 10a and 2* 6d costs. Frnsher v Griffiths, claim for £1 10s and boree hire. Order for £1 Is Bd, and 5i costs. Solomon Ball was fined in a nominal amount for neglecting to send his child to school. Carrier's licenses were granted to Messrs Panther and George Drew. Tbe next sittings of the court will take place on tbe 28th of next month. The Sebastopol Board of Advice election takes place to-morrow. On this occasion the hours of polling are from 8 n.m. to 5 iu the afternoon. This change has been, brought about by the exertions of the Sebastopol and Prabran Boards of Advice acting in conjunc tion, and should result in a much' larger num ber of votes being recorded them! heretofore. There are three members to be returned. The candidates are three old members, Messrs Hedges, Ellsworth, abd Paletborpe, and anew aspirant, Mr J. B. Herridge. The weather yesterday was extremely cold and showery. Many old citizens state that the present winter is one of the severest yet ex perienced in Ballarat. -There was a heavy fall of snow-last evening. | Many residents in the Ballarat South Police district consider that the constables and officer in charge should display increased vigilance in the detection and.punisbment of perpetrator!’ of larnkinly acts. On Sunday night , a. nun*.- her of youths covered anew brick building^at. the corner of' Sturt' and Talbot streets lime and mud, causing it to assume a disreputable appearance. The, proprietor, Mr ; . Darby, has offered a reward for the convicti.on '"of the offenders, -and it is hoped that they will /be brought to justice. Other portions of the south ward are tyrannised oyer.by ill-assorted hordes of youths, whom, for the benefit of the. more"respectable members of the community, it would be desirable to disperse. The express - train from Melbourne tvas delayed about 15 minutes last night before its arrival at the Western railway station, owing to the slippery state of . the Tails. - Snow fell heavily at intervals-along the'railway line, * covering many places -a depth of four . inches. - ? * « J Mr Joseph’Kirkland, a'well-known, store keeper, died at his residence, Malop street, Geelong, on Monday. Mr Kirkland, whosuffered •from partial blindness, at one time followed the profession of a compositor. The deceased, a eldest son is a State school drawing master. There was no business of any kind for transaction at the: Town ‘ Court yesterday morning. • r Our Smythesdale correspondent writes t— -11 Thefuaeral Jate Mrs Blackwell took place on-Monday afternoon, and her remains were interred in the Smythesdale Cemetery. The mortuary, arrangements were carried out by Mr Andrew Ytitcbi . and the religious service at the grave was conducted by the resident Church of England minister, the Rev. Mr Harris, according ■ to the rites of that church. It appears the deceased left a will, and bequeathed all her money in the bank to her only bod, and the residue of her property, is left to Mr Caleb Gardener, ‘of Smythesdale, whose daughter lived with her up to the time of her death. It has been stated that the property left will scarcely cover the deceased’s liabilities.'* '; ’ *:' ; Our Smythesdale correspondent writes : ' “The hut.belonging to an unfortunate Chinese I namedAh New ab ; Brown’s’ diggings, during I bis absence at Linton, was broken into, and : property amounting in -value to - about earn'd off. . The thief or thieves remain undis covered.”. . . The Rev. Colin Campbell, in seconding a vote, of thanks at the conclusion of Bishop Sargent’s' lecture at the Alfred hall on Moor day, : made a few remarks'which were received with applause.. The rev. gentleman, in speak ing of mission work in India, said that it would also bo advisable to further encourage the reading of the Bible in this colony. If the study of the Scriptures were more attended to, said Mr Campbell, the rising generation would be able to set a much better example to the heathen than is at present the case. la many parts of tho colony goats are ranked among the nuisances by the municipal authorities. In Ballarat a man is employed by the City Council to impound and destroy all the straying quadrupeds in question. In England, however, some of the leading gentle* men appear to be exerting themselves with the view of inducing the rearing of goats. An exchange informs us that “ the Duke of Wel lington is president. _of the British Goat Society, the peculiar philanthrophic object of which is to induce poor people to keep 1 goats.” ! Owing to the inclemency of the weather, the I concert announced to take place last evening ■ at the Mechanics* Institute had to be post* poned. Only fifteen persons had assembled at half‘past.B o’clock. Our Smythesdale correspondent, writing on I Tuesday, says:—” I very much regret to report 1 that Mr Thos. Lawson, of this township, met with a serious accident this morning whilst engaged in papering a room at the Banner of War hotel, Ballarat road. It appears that Mr Lawson was on a ladder when, by some | means, be overbalanced himself, and iell ; heavily on to the floor, breaking his right arm close to the shoulder bone badly. He was conveyed home at once, and Dr Stewart was sent for, who was shortly in attendance, and rendered the necessary surgical assistance.” There is a little stir just, now in the shire of Ripon with reference to the forthcoming municipal elections. It is expected that Cra Murray and Cushing, the i representatives of the east and west ridings 1 respectively, will he returned unopposed. Mr | Joseph Burns, of Middle .Creek, is to contest the seat for the middle riding against Cr W. Smith, the retiring member. Our Smythesdale correspondent writes:— “ The exodus of miners from this district to Allendale and other places during the last few months has been so great that labour is very difficult, and in some cases, impossible to obtain. As an illustration of the face I may I state, at Mr English’s sluicing claim near the I Black Hill, it was found impossible to get men ! to do the work, and the claim, is consequently at a standstill;” An assault ease in which a respected member of the Browns and Scarsdale Borough Council is plaintiff (writes our Smythesdale corres pondent) is likely to come on for bearing at the next silting of the court at Scarsdale. Tho members of tho board of experts appointed to inspect the deposits of freestone alleged to exist in the Grampian ranges, near Stawell, returned to Melbourne yesterday evening. Messrs Henry Procter, George Jared Jones, and Audrew Veitch are the only candidates nominated for seats In the Smythesdale Borough Council at tho annual election, and as there will be only three vacancies to fill there will of course bo no contest. The furthcoming Industrial Exhibition in connection with St, Paul’s Mutual Improve ment Association, bids fair to be a most suc cessful effort to inculcate habits of industry and emulation amongst the members, Mr W. Robertson, who now occupies the position of manager, is fully determined to leave nothing undone in the matter in hand. - It is only necessary to state that the co-operation of others is all that is required. Friday next it will be remembered is set apart at the Academy for the farewell benefit of Miss Pomeroy, being her last appearance but one in Ballarat previous to her departure for India and England. On this occasion the performance will be under the patronage of hia Worship the Mayor of the city (Mr J. Noble Wilson), his Worship the Mayor of B*l- I larat East (Mr T. Williams), and the Hon, W. Collard Smith, who have kindly signified their i intention of honouring the performance with i their presence and support. Miss Pomeroy i will, for the first time on any stage, appear au | the moody Daoo in Sbakspeara’s tragedy of “ Hamlet,” a character we believe we are right in saying upon which the fair artiste has be-- stowed much time and thought, and we may confidently look forward to a thoroughly artis tic impersonation of more than ordinary merit from one who has recently presented us with so many life-like pictures. The cast will be a notable one, including Airs | R. W, Lawrence (who baa most kindly given her valuable services for the occasion, and who will appear as Queen Gertrude); Mias Alice Deorwyn, who is specially engaged for Ophelia, a character she has appeared in with great success in Melbourne; Mr W. J. Hollo way will be the Ghost of Hamlet’s father; Mr George Carey, the gravedigger; Mr E. B. Boothman, Horatio; Arthur Elliot, Laertes; Mr Edwin Palmer, Polonius; Miss Blanche Lewis, Osric; Mr Yeruou, King Claudius; Ac. In fact. Miss Pomeroy has spared no expense in making her first appear ance as Hamlet a notable event. Wa are asked to state that the box office is open at Harrison’s Music Warehouse, Sturt street, and as there has already been a large demand for seats for Friday, intending patrons are re* quested to secure their places us early as pos sible. The usual meeting of St. Paul’s Mutual Improvement Association took place last even* ing. Mr C. Stonemun occupied the chair. Considering the weather, the attendance was good. The business was the consideration of an essay on “Lite.” The subject was well 1 discussed, and a vote of tbanks was accorded the writer, Mr Richardson. Mr W. Robertson, who through illness had lately been unable to attend, was present, and received a hearty welcome from the members. The meeting terminated in the usual manner. The business for next meeting was announced as “ Elocu tion.” Tho Agt says:—“An escape, approaching the miraculous, was experienced by Mrs Kelly, the landlady of the refreshment rooms at the Kyneton railway station, op Saturday night. Just before the arrival of the last down train Mrs Kelly.essayed to cross from the up plat form, not noticing the approaching train, which was almost upon her, when Mr Hender* son, stationmaster, and_ Constable Oomyns, dashed forward and literally dragged her from beneath the wheels of the engine; The unsettled condition of European affairs in connection with the difficulty has (says -the ". Age) already borne fruit in this colony, . At the meeting, of tbe City Council, held on Monday, a communication was read from Messrs Huddart, Parker:and Cos., giving formal notice of the termination, at the expiry of one month, of their contract with the council‘.fort the supply; of:- coal, the'.reaßon assigned being-' that as England was mow involved in a L ' war the firm' felt forced to protect themselves against any consequences which might be felt therefrom in this colony. The change 1 ol manner in witnesses, when they pass from the downy - cushions of examination-in-cbief to the thorny brakes of cross-examination, is often so sudden and complete as to be ludicrous. At first they are almost Jtoo frank, and eager to explain far beyond the plain scope of the question put. But when tbe adverse counsel takes them in band, tbeirjaces assume a watchfulness, their answers a hard tone of distrust, and the infor mation needed is screwed but of them like drops of blood. It is also curious. to notice the varieties of‘ witnesses who seem to be especially disliked by tbe learned gentlemen who have to tap them. One appeared on Mon day in the As size Coart, a detective, who a supernatural wilinesa veneered on a natural denseness, and • a -wholesale abhorrence of his fellowman generally, which seemed to make the counsel on both sides bis enemies at once. Another was in the witness-box yester day, of a very different kind. He was a'doctor, and collateral information and .explanations guahed.out of him so constantly and in such abundance that all the barristers dropped.him hastily like a hot potato. Fortunately nothing I very material was required of him. y The regulations for the importation and : storage of explosives were agreed to (says the Argus) at a meeting of the Executive Council yesterday afternoon. It is set forth in them that after the 81st "October next ho person Bhallunder any circumstances import into: Victoria any explosive other than gunpowder, but up to the. let November any parcels of Nobel’a blastlnggelatioe, or Nobel’s Hamburg dynamite, may be imported if they were ship* ped before the making' of the rules. Explo sives, excepting sporting ammunition, may only be stored in magazines licensed by the Minister of Mines, tbe maximum quantity not to exceed one ton. Manufacturers and dealers in explosives will be required to keep a record of all sales made by them. A penalty of 10 shillings per Ibj and the' forfeiture of all par i cels will be imposed for a contravention of the I regulations relating to the importation and conveyance of explosives, and, a further penalty not exceeding £lOO and the forfeiture of tbe explosives for a breach of the regulations relat ing to storage; • ■/ The Aye says:—“The Minister of Railways has decided to open the line to Frankston on Monday next, instead of Ist August as pre viously, notified. A special train will leave PriDcesMjridge on the opening day, conveying visitors to Franketou, Tbe line will be de* dared open at half-past II o’clock, after which the members of the Ministry will be enter* 'tained at a banquet to be held at the Pier hotel. A ehockingaccident, which mustbaveresnUed in instantaneous death to the victim, John Nichol, aged 15 years, took place (says the , Hamilton Spectator) at Buckley’s Swamp on Sunday morning. Tbe deceased, who was the son of Mr Benjamin Nxchol, of Hamilton, | was in tbo employ of Mr M‘Beab, assisting in sheep-droving, and was found dead by John O’Donnell, an employ of Mr Brayshay’s, It appears tbafc.M‘Beau and his sou started from Buckley’s Swamp with tbe sheep, and left deceased to follow with the cart or dray. The younger M’Bean, after travelling about three miles, waited for deceased to show him tbe road, but after waiting for about an hour be returned to the swamp, and there saw the unfortunate lad dead. When M‘Bean left the deceased be was harnessing tbe horse, and there was a prop-stick at tbe back of the dray, but when he next saw him the prop-stick was under him, and the back of the dray lying across his shoulders, close up to the neck, and Nichol was quite dead. A magisterial enquiry was held beiore Mr J. P. Hamilton, P.M., when tbe above facts were elicited. The Pleasant Credo News says :—“ The Star hotel had another very narrow escape from destruction by fire ou Saturday night. At about 8 o’clock Mrs Cranston, wife of the land* lord, perceived a smell as of something burn ing, and on looking into the sittingroom at the back of, the bar saw that tbe lining of the room was in flames. She called her husband, whu immediately extinguished tbe fire by means of some children’s clothes which were lying on the sofa. It is believed that the fire was occasioned by some matches having fallen between the mantelpiece and the wall, and become ignited, by the heat from the fire place.” 