_ - - — - XTiAYV Tho interest in the match was fully eviden ced by the large attendance on the ground at the resumption oflplay. Although that was fixed for the unusually early hour of eleven o'clock there were even then some 3000 people pro sent, and a. steady stream of spectators wai pouring in. The weather was overcast and cold, a chilly south-westerly wind blowing across tho ground. The rain however, had hold up, and an examination of tho wicket showed that tho showers of the morning had not dono it any injury. It had been well rolled, and was firm and in good order. The field was taken promptly at eleven o'clock by the Englishmen, and Massie and Banncrman went out to bat on behalf of the colonics. The former at tho southern end took the strike, Peate bowling WIU >W11U. .Luis lliav Uilll 4,'LllbSlU ULUVU grandly for a couple, a feat that was loudly pplauded. The three other balls wero played, "idwinter took the ball at the southern end, H Bannorman put tho second ball to leg for a igle. A slight shower theu passed ovor 'ground, and a rush was mado for tho I)av)n, but quite unnecessarily, as tho rainva3 vejy slight, and did not last " ,e. Un resuming, Bannorman put Peate . jeg £or a singlo, and Massie played the thi remaining ban3 0f tho over, tho bowling. extremely good, but Massio evidently otcrmined to play a steady safe gamo. Baennan euj. jxid winter beautifully for four, bu.jQ ball travelled very slowly, and was aliu topped before reaching tho chains. -y1GVustralmn stonowallor got a singlo to the e. -n jjosamo over, and then played a maide peate> nonriy playing the last ballm> Midwinter's noxt ovor was a i-en to lassie, who played every bi y eafoly. Peate sent down anotheim-den to BannormaD) who was unable to g,hom through> owing to the fielding being exc, In Midwintera next ovor Massie was > \mificently 8tuinped by Pilling, much to the ;appointmont of fcho supporters of the hew> Waleg batsman, who from the manner mh he WflS ahaping was expected to make as, 0 n the tale of the board as MCh w(.;t to tho -wickets and snicked the farS „ fae recoived for a singlo, thusacusing theoaranco o£ 1Q on the scoring boards Peat. n bow,ed ft maidon to tho Anstralian caft and Ban_ ncrtnan could not scoro off I'Atel.'s noxt After a couple moro maidens Shoc1i 't a singlo to tho on off Peato, andtk . j; ' . „ maidon from Midwinter. After v )ad bowled a maiden to Bannorman, MV,0i, CL1 Midwinter prettily for four, and thrdt. . eB wore run off a ball which Murdoch trn to leg. Murdoch then placed Poato nk. £o, a Bingle. Murdoch received a maidoa Midwintor, and then BannermanX t Peate nicely to leg for a cV which caused 20 appoar. The r. UUUWitOUllVUIl lUl ItOllllU, IMOOl tVlliWll cut Midwinter for auother,and then playi four difficult balls from Peate, Murdocy drove Midwinter to the off for three, <uia played a maidon from Pcatoi Bannorman\j put Midwintor away to leg beautifully for a couple) and Murdoch played a maiden from Peate. Bannermau got a single to leg off Midwinter, and in Peato's next troubled the scorers to tho extent of4two for a log bit, which brought 30 to light. Murdoch then cut Midwinter nicely for four. Tho scoring up to this had been very Blow, only thirty-fivo runs being made . in fifty minutes' play, tho bowling being really splendid, and nob the/ ghost of a mistake having been made. After a maiden from Peate to BannormtJ' j'dBiie"or.tliwyd«MtUl winter, t'/\scoro beil to Bannorman, and then Murdoch drove Batei to the off for a couple, and 40 went up. Banmunmn cut Pea o nicely iu tho slips for a single, and played a maidon from Bat.es. Poato bowlod a maiden to Murdoch, and Bannernian drovo Bates for one, and served I'eate in the same mannor for a couple. Mur doch thon cut Bates magnificently, and, Barlow lotting the hall pass, four woro scored. Bannorman drove Poato for a single, and tho appearance of 50 on tho board was greeted with applause. Bannorman then cut Bates vory prettily for throe, tho score being now 53. Emmott roiievod Poato. The batting was vory stoady and careful, and runs camo slowly but surely. Bannorman got ouo ofFEmmett to tho off. The noxt ovor from Bates was a maidon to Bunuormau. Murdoch cut tho last ball of Emineit'snoxt for two, in tho slips. A maidon from B;i£os to Bannernian and then Murdoch got Emmott to log, but in saving himself from boing run out camo into rather violent collision with Shrewsbury, who had gone to tho wickots in oonsoquoitco of Pilling having run after the ball. A leg byo was run in Enunett's next, and Bannorman cut the last ball in tho slips, and Midwinter mis sing tho ball three wero run, which caused GO to be hoisted. Bates bowled a maidon to Bannernian, and Murdoch faded to add any- thingm Emmott's next. Another maiden from Bates to Bannorman, and thon Murdoch got thrco for a beautiful cut off Em mott. .Bates bowled another maiden to Murdoch, being his sixth in succession. Banerman drovo Emmott for two, and an other slight shower coming on thore was a short adjournment. On resuming Murdoch cut Bates very prettily for four, and 70 went up, Bannorman got ono for an off drive in Emmott's noxt, and a log bye was run. Bates bowled a maiden to Murdoch, and Banncnnan cut Emmott past slip for thrco. Murdoch got a braco to tho off in the samo ovor, Bannernian cut Batos beautifully for three, and tho appearance of SO on tho board caused another outburst of applause. Emmott bowled a. maiden toBauiierman,and then Ulyott relieved Batos at thesouthern ond,thofifth bowlortricd. Murdoch got ono to square leg off the third ball. A maiden from Emmott to Murdoch, and then Ulyott bowled Bannorman off his pad amidst groat applause. Bannorman had playod splendid cricket, and never gave a chance. Ho wa3 loudly applauded as ho returned to the Pavilion. 2— 8S— 82 wont upEas Percy McDonnell joined Murdoch, and tho latter cut Emmott for two. UJIU uciug mv icsuib u; dliuiviuiiui fumblinc tho ball. M'Donncll put Ulyott to leg for a sitigle, and then hit Emmott vory much up to tho off, but no ono was near enough and two woro run. A byo was also run, and thou M'Donnell gob one off Ulyott. Tho samo batsman put Emmott nicely to log, and 90 went up. Alcg-byo was run in Ulyott's next, and Em- niett bowled a maidon to Murdoch. M' Donnell got two log off Ulyott, and cut tho next ball tor a sing'c. The last ball of tho ovor clean bowled Murdoch. 8—39 — 97. Iloran was noxt on tho list. Emmott bowled a maidon toM'Donnoll. Horan drove Ulyett for a single, and hit Emmott to tho off for another. Two to M'Donnell for a straight drive caused 100 to bo hoisted amidst applause. Iloran got Ulyett to square leg for a couple. In Eminott's next the bowler evoked a round of applause by somo smart fielding, which wont near running M'Donnell out. Ulyett's next was a maidon to Horan. A fow more overs were bowlod, and then tho adjournment for lunch took placo tho scoro standing then as follows ENGLAND., First Innings 291 t__ AUSTRALIAN. . . First Innings. Massie, 2, st. Pilling, b Midwinter 2 Banncnnan, 1,1,4,1,2,1,1,2,1,2,1,1,1,2,1,3, 1,3,2,1,3,3, b Ulyett 38 Murdoch, 1,1, 4, 1,1,3,4, 2, 2, 4,2, 2, 3, 4, 2, 1,2, b Ulyett 39 M'Donnell, 1,2,1,4,2,1,2,4, not out 17 Horan, 1,1,2,2, not out G Sundries, 7 3 wickets for 109 The continuation of the play will bo con tinued iu our first page. 