GEOLOGY. (Contributed.) ' Eight bells there !' ' Ay, ay, sir !' And at once the little bell aft, with its clear shrill tongue, uttered eight distinct sounds. A loud harsh echo forward immediately followed, and amidst darkness and tempest the midnight hour was ushered on board. I Surely, I thought, I shall be able to get a | nap now. My legs were weary, my hands , and feet torpid with cold, and my eyes sore and heavy. Surely, said I, the gentle spirit will be wooed and won now, although my berth is a patent shower bath, and the music of the spheres is ground out by a hundred Maryborough pine - board creaking - j oint cabin fittings all around me. Surely I shall sleep, and, comforting myself for the prospect, 1 7 vent for my b.erth. Two bowlines, one clew-garnet, and half a-dozen braces immediately entered into a conspiracy against me, and in conjunction with a capstan bar and the main sheet, ci.Micnived the diabolical design of defrauding mt! 'f my uprightness. Suddenly I felt the gnash of a bowline about my throat, and, while making the boldest efforts for my deliverance, the weather sheet struck tne in tho back, and the bar passing between my legs at the same moment, inv feet rose, or my head descended, till I reached the horizontal and the lee scuppers simultane ously. 1 had a distinct sensation of earth quake, and recollect clearly witnessing some volcanic eruptions, but my vulgar fellow passengers would persist in asserting it was only the result of the contact of my head with the deck, after describing the quadrant from the perpendicular. They also contended that I exhibited a perfect proof of the latest scientific theory, the conservation of force in Nature, as there was an evident desire on my part to restore what I had received. As, however, it was no use kicking tho vessel, and having no dog or cat or littlo bojrs handy, and being afraid to strike tlio men, the excess of heat generated by the meeting of wood and bone were reserved for future action. After some minutes of intense study in this position I became conscious of having solved one of the most difficult problems of the age ; and, as the earthquake and volcano had passed, I arose under the dolightful sensation produced by finding my best pants thoroughly saturated with salt water, and my boots well filled with the same refreshing beverage, and again started for my berth. En route, I formed an intimate acquaint ance with the pump ; and, after affectionately embracing, 1 left a lock of my hair delicately attached to a small piece of skin, in the possession of the handle. The recollection of this meeting has always produced some doubt in my mind of the truth of the poet's words, ' Absence makes the heart grow fonder,' for the absence of three of my front teeth has always prevented a revival of that old affection. After leaving the pump, a large pig -tub stupidly ran against and discharged a portion of its contents into my bosom ; but beyond this, nothing contributed to the pleasure of my passage forward. Having gained the forecastle, after a brief recognition between the gangway and my nose, I descended, my heels in this instance preferring to follow. Poets tell us of the exquisite pleasure derived bj' abandoning one's self to a happy roverie under Nature's sweetest influences, but he who would experience the sense of perfect self-abandonment must certainly make the descent of a ladder head first. The most brilliant writer — even {'our own cor respondent in his grandest flights into the realms of imagination — would fail to convey with the pen the extravagance of happy feelings gained by actual experiment I had thoroughly resigned myself to this rarely enjoyed luxury, and was deeply sympathising with my less fortunate com panions, when my descent was suddenly ! arrested, and my sensations materially augmented, by a collision between the os frontis of my intellectual development and another os that appeared to be a very much harder os than mine. Concussion of the brain is a common result of such very unexpected and hearty meetings, arising frequently from the attraction of strong mental organisation, but in this case the fatal results were avoided (so I am assured on the highest medical testimony) from the excessive density of brain and superior J thickness of skull with which Nature has endowed me above other mortals. ' Hin a hawful 'urry, aint yer ?' uttered in a strange, unearthly voice, were the sounds that reached me as I rebounded from the mysterious ossification and began to oscillate. As the terrible words struck my ear, my hair made frantic efforts to erect itself ; but, .as I was just then busily en gaged performing a pirouette on the edge of a sea-chest, with my cranium for a pivot, it calmly resigned itself to its fate, and assisted in collecting some tar to compensate for the force wasted in friction.* After a delightful search, I was rewarded by the discovery of my scattered senses amongst the damaged furniture, and; having acquired sufficient perpendicular composure, risen to the dignity of my position and the importance of the occasion, I replied in gentle Billings gate tones, ' What's that to you ?' ' Hi'm a ghost,' said my still invisible tormentor, and with the terrible and unexpected an nouncement all my desperate indifference vanished and left me in momentary expecta tion of a fearful fate, or some awful revela tion. With a faintly murmured ' Har you,' I fell backwards into the chain -locker, and felt a little relief in finding some links of the material world still surrounding me. * Later experiments show that there is an advantage in using treacle. '* By substituting a grindstone for the sea-chest and blnckmg instead of treacle, especially in cases of red hair, .. thej most vigorous results can be obtainfllik and the amateur will avoid the unpleasant necessity of . greasing liis I.icucj in order lo get his shirt ofl'. ' Hi'm a spirit from the bother world,' said the voice again, following me into the thick darkness, running like the electric fluid down the chain and repeating itself from link to link. 'Oh! for a nobbier of another sort,' I mentally ejaculated, as I strove to relieve my brow of the accumula tion of mingled tar and perspiration, and again tho spectre spoke, tho chain rattled, and the inward thumping at my breast shook my whole frame as though I had ! grasped the two poles of a battery in action, i ' Rash mortal,' cried the invisible horror, j ' ' thus to insult the shades and invade the j mysterious realms of Erebus, listen and I tremble.' In an agony of fear I clasped ; the cold, massive chain ; then, springing to my feet with one wild leap, I dashed out of the locker, and awoke to consciousness with my head wedged into the carpenter's chest, j my teeth firmly gripping a two -inch augur, | and the point of a marling spike trying to feel I my pulse. Immediately before me, in the darkness, a blue flame shot forth, and the fragrant perfumes of brimstone were wafted I towards me 'on the murky atmosphere, % making music with the melodious snores of fifty sleepers. All the tales of purgatory and all tho illustrations of torment that I had heard and seen from my youth now passed before me in a panorama, and I was just meditating flight, when the blue flame turned white and revealed an enormous nasal projection over hanging a chasm, fearful to contemplate, from whence issued dense clouds of smoke redolent of Dixoa's twist. Transfixed with sneezing, I rolled my eyes, motionless with horror, my mouth being wide open to catch the slightest sound. 'Mortal,' said the spirit just as tho last bell struck and woke the sleepy look-out. I stepped on board. (Scarce half an hour since, old Charon had ferried me across the Styx, and, grumbling, waits me there.) He was silent, and spoke not till the twist had curled itself away in wild Virginian fumes, and then he rose, exclaiming suddenty, ' I must be gone.' Depositing his pipe upon the table with an adroit and delicate move ment known only to the spirits, beneath his spiritual drapery, which hung ? in graceful folds about his invisible form, he placed— A pudding and two pots of jam, Some raisms and a piece of ham, And other dainties, men call food, Considered by the spirits good. ' O ! wanderer by the shores of Lethe, sweet mystery of Hades, leav'st thou thy - pipe, said I, with deep emotion. 'Sweet mystery of a mule spelt with three letters,' said he, 'Listen: On Terra del Fuego's rocky shores my bones lie bleaching where my dead carcase by the sea was thrown when our good ship went down. If I should take this pipe to my last resting-place, in after days some blear-eyed, spectacled geologist would come, and, finding it, would write a work of thirteen vol. crown 8vo., cloth, gut edges, and prove beyond a doubt that eie the Ark of Noah floated men manufac tured pipes and chewed tobacco.' 'Jamque vale,' my ghostly tutor said, S I requiescat in pace.' 'Bon soil- mv classic muff,' said he, and departed this world, aged precisely twenty-five minutes to one. 