MELBOURNE (FROM OUK OWN COllltKSltJXDKNT} Thursday, 2Sth It has been arranged that tin; rei,min~ ",,f Heemui, the person supposed to have been i>..iM,1K. by the man Bums, who is now awaiting lns trial for another murder, shall be exhumed tram the Arar.it Cemetery on Saturday week, the 7th October. Mr. Johnson, the Government anulvsi iij to be present at thu exhumation. "" 1 There id, it seems, more than a probability nf trouble over the settlement of the claims of tin; State over the government Printing Oiiiees, recently much damaged by lire. The Government es;i niates the loss at a little over t'18,000, of whidi about £3.300 is for the building, and the remainder for stock and maeliinery, but the companion at present refuse to pay over more titan about | £10,000 altogether, and intimate that rather than pay the amount claimed for damage* to ti,,. building they will rebuild the parts destroyed at their own cost. Major Freeman, the represenin tive of the companies, had an interview with tl'i Secretary of 1'ublic Works on Tuesday, and it was arranged that the Government should draw up a detailed schedule of their claims, which will be submitted to tho companies. In the uivm-.i. timo tho matter will no doubt bo brought Wfuro the Cabinet. Amongst the tenders opened to-day by tho Hoard of Land and Works was one for additions and alterations to engine-sheds at Ballarat. The tender of .Morris and Begg, at £G,yyi Us. fid., was accepted. Very contradictory evidence was given at tins Police Court to-day in the coui- se of the hearing, if a charge against a ill's. Cunningham, of having thu bar of her hotel open on Sunday. Constable Bysouth and another, policeman swore positively that they found three men in the bar, whilst .Mr.:. Cunningham swore just as positively that only one was there, and that he went in accidentally. "The bench dismissed the case, but said they placed the fullest reliance upon the evidence of the constables. Some sensation was caused this morning by the issue of a slip from the Arttus office with the news that U0 cases of small-pox had occurred at the C;i[,o of Good Hope, and that many of them had resulted fatally. Elijah Upjohn, the public executioner and flagellator, is by no means the repulsive looking being that he has been described, but unfortunately he is anything but a model character, and follows the example of his predecessor in committing him- self when he is out of gaol. Yesterday he grossly misbehaved himself in the presence of some respec- table women, and was fined £10 or three months at the City Court to-day. Life in a savage community would uuivlv beyond ail comparison preferable ti> thai uhi'th j, lived by some of the wretched and lawless iniubi. tauts of the back slums here. The evidence given against a man named Samuel lJopham at the police court this morning disclosed a state of things nut k at all uncommon. This interesting individual called at the houso of Louisa Wilson in Little Leiehardt-street, and requested dinner, or rath.t demanded dinner. Her reply being unfavourable he seized her by the throat, kicked her " all over the street," and smashed everything breakable in the place with an iron bar. The next proceeding was to seize a knife with the evident intention ..] , disposing of her. She seized a tin pan as a head piece, and displayed it this morning with numerous holes in it. 1 or two months Hiss Wilson will not fear a visit from Mr. Popham. I There is little doubt that many individuals have owed their death to the facility with which jwison for the extermination of rats and other vermin can be obtained, notwithstanding that the sale t>5 poison is supposed to be subject to stringent regu lations. Witu a view of showing their determine tion to put a stop to the practise, the Pharma ceutical Society have taken stops to bring the offenders to Justice, and to- day ilrs. Ueliais, grocer, of King-stroot, appeared 011 summon*, charged with selling rat poisou. The oll'enee was proved, aud the evidence showed that the tin contained enough poison to destroy -13 jkm-soih. The case being the first, the bench infused a nominal penalty of £1 Is. 11m lavorable reception winch Mr. fisher's Sweep Repression Bill mot with in the Assembly yesterday evening makes it extremely probable that it will become law, and indeed the opponents of tlio measure did not make out a very struir* case. Mr. Walsh's objections were based prince pally on a fear that bookmakers' business would lw increased, and Dr. Madden's strongest argument was that the measure would prove inoperative. if it does fail to bring the sweepists to book and ,w realise Dr. Madden's expectations, no harm will have been done, but Mr. Xox will have the satis faction of seoing sweeps continue. If on the other hand the bill is successful, it maybe that the harm to the community which is supposed to result from an increa.se of business to the bookmakers will lw more than counterbalanced by tho good which will result from abolishing tho temptation of reckless investment which thousands do not seem strong enough to withstand. The tendency of modern legislation lias been in the direction of the repres sion of gambling, because it is felt to be inimical to the well-being of the community. It cannot lie denied that the sweep system is an incentive t'> gambling, and therefore should be put down. The Nelson, which leaves for Siam to-morrow, takes no less than 220 horses, which have tieen purchased here for the Kinfj of Shun by Captain Leonowens, who was specially deputed by His Majesty to make large investments 111 Australian horse flesh for anny purposes. Some kangaroos, opossums, and other animals peculiar to this part of the world, are also being sent to the king, who has a tasto for zoology. The General Traffic Manager of the Victorian railways has reported in favor of a substantial reduction in freights between Portland and Hamilton in order to compete with the water traffic, and Mr. Bent has approved of his recom mendations. The Hunt Club Race meeting, which take* place at Piemington next Saturday, is not causiug much activity amongst tho bookmakers, and it looks as if operations will be confined to the paddock. Euchre was scratched for the Open Steeplechasa this afternoon, and The Ghost for the Flat Ikice. We have, it seems, not yet heard tho last of Mr. Merry's claim against the Government for com pensation! to the extent of many thousands oi pounds, in connection with the Geelong railway. Three or four years ago. ho filed a bill hi Equity, but the suit was defeated 011 a demurrer. To-day he appliod to Mr. Justice Moleswortli for leave to amend the bill, and the application was granted. 