DROUGHT, DRAINS, AND DESPONDENCY. A Legend of the Scented City. — ( Continued ). Then she went to Brown and stated That he'd have to go away ; If he didn't, he was fated Like a dream to pass away. To her husband she confided Her misgivings in a trice ; Brown, he scoffed at, and derided That physician's sage advice. He informed her that his work was Most important — which was true — And he told her that to shirk was What he didn't mean to do. With her husband she contended, And she fiercely bent her brow ; Then commenced a scene which ended In a matrimonial row ! At his head she hurled some potted Salmon — meant she thus to save Her misguided and besotted Husband from an early grave ? Thus they squabbled and they battled While the kettle gaily sings, Then she stamped her foot, and rattled All the plates and breakfast-things. In his bosom he decided, When the salmon struck the wall, That a house which was divided With itself, was bound to fall : — All his thoughts were in the city, So he mounts the early 'bus, Whistling some vulgar ditty, Said he ' didn't care a cuss !' Thus he reached his place of business Overcome with cares and carks, And he, cursing their remissness, Made things ' sultry' for the clerks. But he found it useless sittin' — Work he couldn't, he was ill, And his head was nearly splittin' — Grinding like a coffee-mill. Fervent were his cursin's — swearin's — And the pains in his inside Quickly brought him to his bearin's, Though his wife he had defied I Every feature was contorted, And he uttered many a roar ; His good spirits were exported — Down he sank upon the floor. Streams of perspiration wetted All his clothes, which wasn't nice ; Most devoutly he regretted Scoffin' at his wife's advice. Louder still he roars and bellows, Terrifying all the clerks, And those much- surprised young fellows Upward rushed, expecting larks. He was limp and he was flabby When those panting clerks arrive, So they called a hansom-cabby, And they told him where to drive. ' Home they brought her warrior faintin', Still and lifeless as a post- He was like a fancy paintin' Of the famous ' Cock Lane Ghost !' He was peacefully reclining In that cabman's brawny arms, Never speaking nor repining — Which increased his wife's alarms. On his back he was extended, And that hansom-cabby fled ; Animation was suspended, So they had him put to bed. While beside his form she's grieving In her hopeless agony, Thinking he was past retrieving, Brown he opens half an eye. She was fond and tender-hearted, Her affection needs no proof ; For she raised a yell which started Sheets of iron from the roof ! In a separate room they locked her, Where she fainted on the ground ; Then they went and fetched a doctor, And he quickly fetched her round. Brown was shortly convalescent, And she raised a joyous screech When she found him acquiescent In her plans for Manly Beach. Thus they started off to travel From this foul, polluted air, And, in peace, they trod the gravel, And the sand, and sea-weed there. Soon the pair became a by-word For devotion, love, and trust ; Ne'er again had they wry-word, Never swore he more, or cussed. Schemes for reformation hatched he, Self-denying and divine, And he offered up his latch- key At the matrimonial shrine. Brown, in future, never sneered at Any of his wife's remarks, And he never winked or leered at Females in the streets or Parks. Never nagged she more, or scolded, No more salmon-tins were hurled ; In each other's arms enfolded They defied the outer world ! ! Moral. Love-sick lovers, if you wander By Rushcutter's scented strand, O'er these words of warning ponder— Keep some ' jockey-club' on hand ! Husbands, love your wives, and ever Tell them gently of their sins ; Wives, adore your husbands ! Never Break their heads with salmon-tins ! ! 