'..(3Hhe '?TifiMxS ' SPORTINGNOTES (By Merlin). 'The Deloraine ; and. Campbell Town people have no reason to complain of the lack of support ? on the part of owners, and if the Campbell Town authorities had followed the example of thepther Club in respect ':to low nomination .fees, the entries ? /would have. been. still, more numerous. 'In framine a programme it never should be', forgotten; that always the best policy to |haye the nomination 'fee as ' light as possible.-, -The. Campbell: Town weights are to be 'declared on Monday- unext, and enfcfies^fpr the-Maiden Plate and accept ances are. to;be made on Saturday next, 25th. ' ' ..,.., ., .'. The .Deloraine weights ;are due on Tues day next, ,, and acceptances on 1st proximo.,,. ; , ,j ... ;,The Carrick, Racing ;Olub ; Committee, havo at length taken action with respect toithe.Birthday .-Meeting,,; and a meeting is. called for, Monday .next (at 4 p.m., to frame ,a.: programme. ...The : Committee have an excellent chance before them, arid I trust they ;w, ill v take advantage of it by j issuing a. programme, , built.: upon similar lines to that suggested, in these columns ,a fortnight.agp. r;-.-- .;/ j, ,,.: .;q,.h , The exoelTent , entries j secured, for the i'umping jraces at( )C)a.mpbellf Town and , )ploraine , show,- that j thfttiitrancb. of sport is i increasing in ,pppularity, and there is evei'y^,prospect,,there.fprer'that the talked pf, Campbell. iTown;. Grand National, which is,,tp j)e, held the .day before the annual. show.iiniOctoberjnext, will, prove a great success.; From all I .can learn the promoters are thoroughly, : in earnest, and there is every hope .that] the race, will have, something like £300 or, £400, added; . , The annual meeting of the ' Midland Jockey Club on the 10th was unquestion ably a success, notwithstanding that the difficulty of getting to the course from the railway station was a great drawback. It is hoped that next year the . committee wili endeavour to make some arrange ments, for the conveyance of intending .visitors to the course. : Another thing is highly imperative— -that ib a special train from Launceston. Had, there been such a train it would liave been, a remunerative investment on the part, of the Main Line Company,, for it would be sure to have been patronised., People do riot care about losing, a couple of .days, when half the. time ought to suffice for the journey. I. trust the management will bear in mind the suggestions thrown out next 'year. There is a proposed, remedy for .one |of. the evils, the difficulty of conveying people from, the. station. .to. the course, ! as two- or three members of; the com-, mittee are in favour * of changing the course from Oatiarids to1 'York Plains, where there is said; to 'be an admirably situated and patural-racecdurse, right on the line of rail. With 'the experience of Cplebrook the Midlarid Olrib should not hesitate for one moment in securing the site. Every one _was pkased to see the 'green and red o~f MfT^James Lord in front on Peter. Finn,. and' itv:wastrriear time Mr. ? Lord had a turn. Jim Crow, a service able looking son of Velocity, made his debut in the; race, and rani second;, but neither JimCrow nor the winner jumped' ? in a brilliant manner. . Shadow, notwith standing that he had Mr: W. Gatenb'y in the saddle, who had' done 'more, with the horse than any one else, ran off at the three hurdles. when going in a remarkably good stylo.-' This 'is now' the fourth time in succession that the horse' has rvin round or fell. His, owner left the horse at Oat lands in. charge of George Law, to see if anything .could,. be done with the unruly customer. Blink. Bonny had an easy task in the Maiden Plate, .and fol lowed uph'ersuecess by 'a comfortable win in the iv Oatlands Handicap. .'Jimiriy Kearney1 has effected 'niuch' improvement in the ma,re sirice she ^has been undeir, his care, and/ she,'-. twill ' make: ' further :', im proyerneht. ? i No man is. more deserv ing 'of a- -win :than ,her . owner, who is one of the best; sportsmen in the land. That-heiboughtareal'good filly when he; purchased Blink Bonny as a- two-year-' old for the.sUnV'of .^S^'-at'the i ?Cals'tock1 sale la'stj year; was th'e'('g'erieral; opinion of those .thai;bsaw,.iier knopkedj-dowri.' , She has plenty bfygdpd.lpbks'ito, recommend, her, with imusoultfr -,. power -. of .a. dray- horse. ; One ' doeB'Tnot 'mbet'- every day with such strapping specimens of the thoroughbreds as Blink Bonny. In ad dition jtd' her other good qualities what can be better tliiiii her blood, which is not to ' be surpassed throughout Aus tralia. In fact, if the mare could never race a yard she is worth a couple of hundred at least as a brood mare. As is well known she is by St .Albans, while her dam is by Peter Wilkins, out of Blink Bonny by Conrad, out ofja mare running back to tho imported VVhizgig, by Whalebone. That she can race neeil not be wondered at with such blood. Tho Members' Handicap brought old Wost Coast to the fore for the first time since he won tho Ladies' Purse at tho commencement of tho season, and the raco does not call for particular mention except for the fact that Pyrhus took part in it after running a severe race previously in the Oatlands Handicap. It was a pity, however, that the owner, who is a good sportsman, was , not ijresenfc and pre vented the horse starting, for I am sure from what I know of the gentleman uiiii.1. HO 1TUIIIU liUL 11U.VU itllUWUU IUS IlOla« to start simply fo.r the purpose of being punished, as it practically amounted to. The game old son of Pyramus must find the ti'patment he is subjected to now, very different from that received when in charge of Clare, and if ho is not surfeited with racing it is not for the' want of trying. The Steeplechase was one of tho boat races of the kind seen in Tasmania for some year's, and Echo proved that ho had got back to his Carrick form, for he. was about a couple of Btone better hors'o than he was at Carrick; He was, however, swerved by the fences -which were rather light, but ..i ho', travelled in rare style, and so did:- Mor ven, who went ? as straight ? as1 an arrow and looked very dangerous, until condition told. Edward, well handled bv .Tiivmiv FCimvnAV. rn.n n. ctvnn.t. rn.nrt throughout, but the country was hardly stiff enough for the grey son of ? Monta cuto, who nevertheless' finished- anoxcel lent second. Paul also ran well. The race was a fast one all through,, and it is to be hoped that there will be asigooda steeplechase next year.' The Flying Handicap served to illustrate rtho f act that' Meander' has- lost none of ; 'his speed, as after Yougogo cutting out theavorkat a1 irarebolt,. the son of Castle Hill-pullod1 his: backers through. The - winner was well ridden by Stebbings, who has been particularly fortunate upon, the horse. .This race brought a good meeting to a conclusion. an . ? i Two of our local sportsmen^ Messrs. O. S. Agnew and R. G. Talbot, left by the stcameron Wednesday en'routfefpr Europe. Both are good- 'sportsmen, and I- am sure all who know them will wish ? them bon ?voyage. The visit of 'both Mr., Agnew and Mr. Talbot will be, I am happy to say, only a short one, as we may-expect to see them again about the end of the year. Mr. Agnew will proceed to England by the Californian mail steamer. The following amounts were paid away over tho recent Dunedin meeting : — Hon. r*l TITtT.. ? nneir? nnnn _£ __.i ?_!_ ? W. JM. JLJB'''» St/y-GU ? 3S/UUI/ UI W1UCU wa» won by Lady Emma ; Mr. H. Horsford, £494; Mr. D. O'Brien, £180 ; Mr. P. Butler, £150 ; Mr. Thos. Foster, £145 ; Mr. H. Goodman, £100; Mr. E. Cutts, £80; Mr. D. Kirby, £76; Mr: W. Walters, £68 ; with smaller' amounts making a total of £2412'. '''.' ':,.??'. The large amount of £19,128 passed through the totalisators at the Dunedin races, or about £4000 more than at the last meeting. The sum was made up as follows: — First day, £5656 ; second, day, £5452; third day, £8028 ;— total £19,128. The £1900 commission which goes to the Jockey Club out of this will, even after the deduction of ' the heavy expenses incidental to the construction and, working of the hiachines, leave a good round sum. Tasman, tlie son of St. Albans, arid Zillah, (the dam of Glencoe, Wayfarer, etc.,) who was sent to New Zealand 'by Mr. G. 0. Eady, and sold there, distin guished himself at. the late Duiieairi meet ing. He did not gain a situation in the Cup, but on the second day carrying 7st. heranLadyGiiiner8st, 41b, to a half length in the Dunedin Handicap after a fast race, the mile and three, quarters being ac complished in 3miri. ll^sec. .On the next day Tasmari broke the ice and won the Mandevillo Plate of . 12J sovs., a weight for age race. Tasman carried the highest weight of any three-year old in the race, and won upon a good finish, with Legerdemain in. the same stable as Lady Emma. Mr D. O'Brien, 'tho 'owner of Tasman, in addition to the stake was tlie recipient of, says' a local contem porary, the cup given by Mr Joseph Clarke, which is a magnificent trophy,and appareritly considerably over its nominal value. It was a coincidence that this first cup given by Mr Olarko, should be won by the Tasmanian bred colt Tasman. vLone Hand, the grey son of Panic, wlio ?yva's, such .a crack in ,the jumping line in, Victoria, but proved a, .', regular fraud in New Zealand,, whence he was^xported, is at length turning over a new- loaf in that country, but in a new line of business—, flat racing. At the Poverty Bay' Races in the latter end of February last,, Lone flarid won the Ladies' Purse,.,, welter weight' for age, and' .the Taurariga Haridi^ cap, carrying 8st., 41b. , . '.The ;|, spnsj' of Panic— Pell Mell ? and Odmniotibri^who realise.d 1400gs. ,each on Monday last are likely to pause some trouble in the racing world, judging by the following extract from a Melbourne paper of Monday : — ' Tho race fpr: tho Town Plato caused some surprise' and disappointment. Mr Phillips, the 'owner of Pell Mell and Commotion, declared to win with the former, who was mado a great favourite at even money. Com motion however, went to the front at tho start, and was never headed, whining easily. After tho race an unpleasantness occurred between Mi1. Phillips and Lang, his trainer. Lang feeling aggrieved at the charge, asked the stowavds to' investi gate the matter. That body declined to act, saying the case was outsido their jurisdiction, but intimated that Lang hud his remedy at law to ref uto the charge. ' ? Wo take the following particulars res pecting the last day's racing, from tho Melbourno leading journal : — 'Tho Ne ihai'ket Handicap brought out a field of 37, tho largest that over started for a raco in Australia. Mr. Watson was very fortunate in starting, tho horses being on their legs together. Tyropean and Tho Drummer were tho only unfortunates ; they lost about half a dozen lengths at the start, and were consequently out of tho race. Surrey ran well till ncaring tho distance, where lie was beaten. 't'ofcilis ator was in a forward position all tho way. Euclid and Hyacinth were in front at the distance. Total isator was next, with Larpent a little bohind on tho extreme right. Hyacinth drew out, arid won by a length. Larpent finished vory well, but the raco was over too soon for him. The horses were so widely spread at the finish that those who wcro well on ono side of the post could not tell which had won. and as some delay was caused by tlie judge not being able to find tlie number for the second horse, tho crowd became very impatient. Some surprise was u.vin-ussuu ao jiucnci neing pjacea second, as many of the spectators thought Larpent occupied that j-ositipn. The winner has never attracted public atten ? tion before, and was ' not thought of till ho did a remhrkably fast trial last week, and even after that proof of his speed his owner did not back him till almost the last moment. Larpent ran1: well up to the form he showed iri private. The Ghost and Hesperian were never dangor ous. Both horses had been highly tried, and the backers of each felt confident of victoiy. In the race neither liorse' ran up to his private form. Totalisator ran in a good position all the way, but he was outpaced at tho finish. Tyropean and The Drummer were much fancied, but their chance was lost at the start. The fine field of ten horses started for tho Town Plate. As both Pell Mell and Commotion started, Mr. Phillips declared to win with the former, wlio immediately became first favourite at even money. Before going a quarter of a mile Com motion went to the front, and cut out the work at a rattling pace, and on reaching the stand ho was about eight lengths in front. Progress gave chase, but Com motion held his position all the way. Darebin went closo up to Progress as they neared the turn for home, but he soon retired, and Wellington went past him. Progress, who had . struggled gallantly in the vain chase after Com motion, began to fail in the straight and Wellington passed him. Wellington finished wonderfully well, but though lie shortened the distance between him and Commotion he could not get up, and the colt won easily. That Wellington could cany lOst, and finish second in a two mile race run in 3min 34sec shows what a wonderfully good liorse he is. His per formance was so highly appreciated by the spectators that the winner was neglected, while it was Wellington that everyone thronged to look at, and as the liorse came into the weighing yard he was greeted with most enthusiastic cheering. The Victorian public dearly love a good horse, and it is doubtful if a better horse ?finnTi \A/ gI 1i n iff /in mrnii o+-t»i r\v\r\i-] 4-r\ *1*i battle on the Flemington course. As our telegrams announce, the stakes won at the late autumn meeting of the Victorian Racing Club were paid over ou Monday. Mr. E. Do Mestre was , tho largest cheque-taker, his amount being £1540, which was made up of first in tho Ascot Vale Stakes, £890 ; First Nurtiery Handicap, £332 ; Brunswick Stakes, £273 ; third in the Ascot Vale Stakes, £20 ; same in the Cup, and second in the All-Aged Stakes, £5. Mr. H. Phillips took £1.490, representing first and second in the Leger, and first in the Town Plate. Mr:J-W. Pearson; won the mo3t valuable stake, namely, the Newmarkot ? Handicap of £1460, and was second in the First Nursery Handicap, making a total of £1465. Pollio's Oup: win gave. Mr. Livinstone £960, and £5 for second in the Brunswick Stakes made his cheque £965. Sir Thomas Elder received £875, being £787 10s and £87 10s for' first.' and second in the Sires' Produce Stakes. Mr. W. Branch £399, being £349 for .Pro gress's first in the Port Phillip Stakes, andf £50 third money in the Town Plate. Duchess's win in thp Three (and Four- Year old Handicap gave. -Messrs Skene Bros. £345. The gentleman who races urider the name of J.- ' Justin 'got £330 for Twilight's victory, arid' Mr.'-M»l Loughlin received £285 for Handy- Andy's Hurdle win. Mr A. K. Finlay°drew £267' 10s, which ' represented Oolstofin's win' in the Second Nursery Handicap. The hori; J. White took £255 for 'first in the Grand Stand Stakes. Eroa'a Hurdle ,_ win gave.Mr.Iliffe £227 10a, and Handy. 'AtidyV victory ~on 'the' Corinthian 'Cup' ?';' gave Mr H. 'Fibhbr £20iv;'Mr;l' Weritworth ;', ;',','? drew £167' for first in the, Keilo'r Stakes, ? Bbopnd'iii the Three-and-four- Year-Old, |'\' Handicap, arid Second in'.the iObrinthian ' '?'? ' Cup, ' '? 'Mr ? JV Morrison ' gp,t ' £165 : for ' ''.Allarider's All-Aged Stakes victory.; arid : :? V Mr 0; G. Baldock £150 for Welling ton's. 'y/ second in the Town Plato. ', 'There were ?'? other 1 amounts vyhich made the totaj '','?'. paid away £9365. .; -,,.,. ''.'? '?-?;, On Monday, 13th irist., aaaleof thorough- : '.'..-,? bred] horses took place at Bellair's Hotel, near Melbourne. The sale opened with a lot of well gco wn youngsters bred by Mr. James Patterson, ,of liaceby. .-.; J.ho highest price was 210 'uiuoas, given for a handsome filly by , Proto-Martyr from .,,.? Gns, by Titri .Whifiler from .Gasworks., : . ? The purchaser was Mr. W. Pearson;'. Mr. ? Chirneide boughther sister in blood,1 by Proto-Martyr from Gascony, by Tim. ... Whiffler from Gasworks, for 105 guineas.; O£ Mr. Alexander Smith's Lindenow colts the highest- priced one was the, handsome chestnut colt by Smuggler from , Paradox by Stedmere, imported, secured ,by;,- Mr. Barnard, of. South Australia, for 140 v.-. guineas, a promising youngster, -with shape and substance; Mr. E,. J. Hunter ]'. sent in six yearlings, of whioh Captain Haities bought the highest-priood one, a. . bay filly by Angler from Bridesmaid (imp.) ..'. the price being 115 guineas. .:, The -? four fillies sent in'by Mr. A. Selman -..did not; : realise high prices. The Bryan '.Q'Lynn very good condition, and, as., a~ rule ithe prices were low, not any one reachinglOO. '' guineas. Pell Mell, 3 yrs,' by Panic from '.'.'' Miss Melbourne (imp.), was started at,800' : guineas, and advanced by 100-guinea bids to 1400 guineas, at which .price he was ? knocked down to Mr. W. Pender... Oom ..'.' motion, 3. yrs, by Panic from Evening Star (imp.), was started at 1000, guineas, V and was knocked down to Mr. W. Pearson for ,1400 .'guineas..;.,. The yearlings i by : Glorious, bred by Mr..J. .Mitohsll;. did. ,-,.. not sell well. ,,:;The' remarkably; fine (filly .'-.,'?' by. Glorious- from Julia ,,was, ,, withdrawn. .','-'? It the three yearlings sent iriby Mr W. I. ? , '. Winter are a fair, specimen,' Vascp i cli ? ,, Gama will prove, an'excellent,, sire. _, :., Mr..: .[[ ' A. Miller, bpiight the, ^handsome bay, filly ; . by ^ ?Vaaco di Gam a from Satire byi.Fire-: -; - ydrks fro'iia- Badinage ;(imp.)/ remarkably.; ln' cjteap at llOj guineas. i;; i i.,.,,11.,1 ?''? ? ;. 