STAGE STRUCK. I ALWAYS had a great liking for the stage; and many, and many a time have sat in some of our Melbourne theatres, when Shakespear's great works were being represented. From the bottom of my heart 1 have pitied the immortal William. To my idea, actors, one and all, from Barry Sullivan downwards, know nothing at all about the characters they are supposed to pourtray. In order that Melbourne playgoers might see things as they ought to be, I determined to become an actor. I at once laid in a plentiful supply of play-books, a magnificent wardrobe, and making-up boxes without number. • I had plenty of money spent unsparingly in my laudable endeavour. I rented a large furnished room, in order that I might not be disturbed at study. One night in going through Hamlet, I worked myself up wonderfully, and met with an interruption in the shape of three policemen and my landlady. I had an audience—a small one, very true, but still an audience—and I so worked upon them that the male portion seized me and, notwithstanding my entreaties, bore me off to a small stone building in Bwanston-street, where I spent the night, giving the inmates (of which there were several), a taste of my histrionic powers. I spouted the "Soliloquy on Death" in a manner that would have made Barkins and Irving blush. Next morning everything was satisfactorily explained; I was allowed my liberty. Such was my love for the drama that before breakfast I had interviewed every theatrical manager in and around Melbourne. Success crowned my efforts, and I at last had an opportunity of interpreting Shakespeare to the world. I left no stone unturned to make everything a success. I intended to make a complete exhibition of myself, and did so. The long-looked for night at length arrived. All was bustle and excitement. The house was crowded to suffocation. The orchestra took their places, and after a few preliminary scrapes, the band struck up. Then and then only did it flash through my brain that I had about five minutes to get ready. I rushed to my dressing-room to find, alas ! my clothes had not yet arrived. There was no time for thought, the orchestra were on the last couple of bars. "Hamlet" was the piece, and everything and every body ready with the exception of Hamlet. I rushed up and down, cursing and swearing in a manner that actors, and actors only, can swear. I felt it was not the clothes, but the man the people wanted. They kicked and applauded with the wildest enthusiasm, so I made up my mind "to go on " and play Hamlet in modern dress. I was just about to make my entrance, when the manager, idiot- like, seized me by my coat-tails (which gave way), and I toppled over and knocked the king and queen flying. The ghost who was standing by, with a pot of beer, fell against Horatio, Horatio against Marcellus, and so on; all of us falling in full view of the audience. The scenery came down on top of us. I not only ".brought down the house," but the palace and all its occupants. My entrance was loudly hissed by the audience, who pelted me with apples and oranges. The curtain, I need hardly say, fell amid the greatest confusion. The people most unreasonably demanded their money back. Whether they got it I know not, for on reaching the stage door a crowd of raving lunatics met my view, and I made my exit rather hastily through the window. Baving reached home, I threw everything in the place connected with the stage into the street, and swore by all the saints in the calendar to give up the stage; I have kept my promise. I have run through my money, and am now driving a grocer's cart in Melbourne, a sadder, wiser, and less ambitious man. 