MR. BIXBY'S BATHING SUIT. BY MARY KYLE DALLAS. Mr. Bixby's bathing suit certainly was a very handsomo bathing suit, and Mr. Bixby, being a very handsomo man, looked .wbU in it. It sometimes occurcd to Mrs.' Bixby that Bho wouid .2 quqjrs well pleased if this wcro not so, and if sho'dittac ?o often hear of his fig uring in tho crowd of bathei who.jilaycd tho; mermaid at Splashtown beach, morning qnd afternoon. Mrs. Bixby was sure ho wasnotso fondiof ducking her undor tho waves. On thoso rare occasions when sho did 41 go in," ho allowed her .to. bob up and down, clutching at : tho rope for a while, and then asked her,, very curtly, if sho 44 wasn't tirod of it?" 1 Sho generally was to tell tho truth. Under suoli circumstances who would not havo beon? Mr Bixby was traoof those beauty-men, who gen-, eraliy snub, their femalo relatives, and keep, their oharms for society; but,, besides this, ho bore his wife a particular grudge : She was tho nieco of sOvon very old nun® and. uncles, all immensely riob, and all " very fond' of Matilda." But perhaps thoy were not as' fond of Matilda's husband,, lor sinco their 'marriago six of them had died, without leav ing, her a penny. With each demieo Mr. Bixby grow less affectionate. 44 Ho married mo for my 'expectations, no doubt," poor Matilda thought! to horsolf, as. sho regarded in; tho mirror, a countenance that had ho particularly fine features;, and snc, too, tnouguc.ox tno tuousands that mignc havo boon hers, if sho had married somo. ono moro ogrecablo to her family . - - Bho saton tho porch alono, thisplcasant July day, after Mr. Bixby had gono gallantly away seaward, with tho. littlo waterproof satchel .in wltioh ho carried his bathing-suit,' and Turkish, towels, and thought of many things, and' fell into such a' deop brown study, that when somo ono addressed her with : 41 Your lettcrs, Mrs. Bixby," she started, and gavo a littlo cry. 44 Did I frighten you?" said tho voico of a fellow-boarder. 44 1 didn't, know you wcro neryousr I om; dreadfully, but you aro al ways so composed.1 It. is only to givo .you your ' letters. I brought :tnem from the offioo." , 14 Thank you," said Mrs. Bixby. 44 1 think I musthave boon asleep," and as tho other lady, passed on, slio turned thomissivcs.overin her lap; There wore five of them; one, a letter with a blaqk seal,. Mrs. Bixby tore it open..; It was as Bho had oxpeotcd. " Her Uncle. Jodediah, aged ninety, was dead; That was Bad." _ ; Mrs; Bixby took out her hahdkerohiof , and read on. Her. undo had left qU his money to tho. Asylum for Attorneys' Orphans. This was sadder still. Tho handkerchid was vrot in an instant, and as her tears foil, Mr. Bix- by's vbico fell on hc'odr. . t; I've como back, Tilly. : . I promised to wait for somo ono who is going to thoboach. -You have letters?". . ' Mrs. Bixby wiped her oyes, and gave him thoso with his name upon, their, envelopes. ' ! Ho simply hold them, staring at tho-black- edgod paper in hor hand. . . . \- 4tHow.you liko to torment' mo! Tilly, ''"ho said at liist; .f?,what nows havo ybu?"t . ; " Unolo is dead," she answered. . . : "Well?" 14 Ho has loft hid money io a;.charity, sob bed Mrs. Bixby. Mr. Bixby muttered an oath, and marched away; ', , \- -In thb hall of tho hotel a lady of fasoina- ting air, and littlo pouoillod lines undor her handsomo eyes, met ltim— probably by aooi;; dent. Tho two went . toward tho beach, to- gothor', talking earnestly, 44 Certainly, ho married mo for ihycxpeo- tations," said, Mrs. Bixby, nnd went to her room to wcop with moro freedom. Sho did hot oven go down to dinner that ovening, nnd Mr. Bixby did not como up to ask why. About midnight tlioro .waa consternation in tho hotel. Mrs. Bixby was making inquiries ; about hfr. Bixby, aud tho last seen of him was in- fae water. Various parsons , knov; of ltis entering it in ltis handsomo batliing drcss. ' Nobody had scon him como out. Thoro was great excitement with tho coming dawn. Various young ladies reported him as 41 swim ming beautifully" at fivo o'clock; Ho had tried to teaoh ono to swim.- . It was ovident that ho was drowned. - Mrs/ Bixby' was going from ono room into another upstairs, -and calling on hor 'ffcar,. darling, lovely Augustus, to forgive her her coldness. Bympathotic ladies filled tho .room,' doctors wore called in, and reporters. wero jotting down' paragraphs, . -t : - : Meanwhile another letter, with a black seal, addressed to Mrs. -Bixby, arrived at the hotel. When sho was ablo to read it, slio did bo. < It was from her -lawyors. A- lator will of her Unolo Jedcdiah's had been discovered, Ho had taken a ffisltire to one of tho trustees of tho f4 Attorneys' Orphans," and had loft all his fortune to his .4I dear niece,. Matilda Bix by.": -. 4lIf poor Augustus had but. lived to shore it," sobbed tho widow. - But, after all, it was a consolation. - Bko xeniainbd at tho hotel all winter, visited by grave legal geotlcmob, and wearing tho deopest weeds. In Spring sho bought, a oot- tago near tho beach,' fumiehed it luxuriously arid became a regular summer . resident., Wealthy, flattered, courted, sho bccamo quite Ihandsomo,' , Attentions Svcro .ubowored upon, hor.' Serious offers wore made for her hand. . At length Jenkins, tho reporter, mentioned, in a long-winded paragraph, tho facts of hor "Rbmantip History;" how her fortune had been! left'., her when sho was plunged in agonies of grief, how much' her "-rcsidenco" was worth, and' what hor crape. cost a yard. And ono suitor, moro porsistent than -tho others, .wound himself about her heart. Bho had determined to remain a widow, but sho waB very lonely., Sho had vowed 'to .marry no'.liandspmb man. This man whom she preferred was Hot handsomo; ho. had ono crossed oyo and a olub foot ; but Matilda bo- lioved that sho Bkould bo porfcotly happy with him. ' Her mourning faded into lildo silk and vio lets, white tullo ahjl jmnsios. And oho day sho walked upoii tho beach, slowly making up her mind as to tho form in wltioh licr accept ance of a written offor,. whioh slio had -re ceived, should bo cOuohed, when, looking out upon tho scaLhor oyes mot an objeot whioh pubiuitill tlUx >vihu utfiuguiuittr. JLb nUB simply a. Bwimmbr, who, , having gained a spot whero'tho .water was only , up to his waist, was .advancing toward, her; but tho surprising point in this otherwise Very ordi nary object was that it wore Mr. Bixby's bath ing costume. His wife know it too well to bo mistaken. Had she not ombroidored that Eatlern on tho collar herself? Was not that raid mado to order? Wore not tho buttons somo whioh had descended from tbo past? Real gold buttons— tbo good, Mrs. Bixby had over and over again averred, for a bathing suit. Tho widow ttirncd faint as sho gazod, for not only did Bho know tho dress, bat tho handsomo head abovo it. She knew that it was Mr. Bixby's ghost. Hor limbs failed her. Sho sat down on tho sand, and hid her faco in hor trembling hands. Bat now a splashing pound of feets treading tho damp beaah routed her. Sho' looked up. Tho spectre stood besido her, looking very solid, indeed, for a ghost, and it spokb, and said : 44 Don't bo frightened, Tilly, dear. I am not an apparition. I am your own Augus tus. Look up, love. Look up.". And fell exhausted— or so it scorned to Matilda — at horsido. Matilda shrieked, clasped him in her arms! wet as ho was ; sobbed that tho joy of that moment would bo too muoh for her, and novor thought, for a moment of marvelling how a gentleman who had disappeared in tho sea should walk out. of it alivo and unharmod a year afterward. Bat Mr. Bixby; explained, novortholess. Ho had swain out too far, and been pioked up by a boat attached to a whaling vessel — tho Sea Gull , Captain Brown— ho was careful to ox-' plain; had beon ill and doUrious for wcoks,( r nd only recovered, to find tbo ship driving boforo a -fearful gale, which wrecked her in roid-ocoan. -With sbvcslr others, ho took tajv- raft, and was cast on a deserted island, where be had sinco livod tn his bathing suit, subsist ing on shell-fish and berries. -And -how at last, knowing himself to bo a good swimmer, ho had resolved to mako a bold stroko for lifQ. 44 And hcro'I am," added Mr. Bixbv. Poor Matilda, crediting ovory word of his abominable falsehood, again embraced him. - ' . 44 And what must havo beon your struggles, my poor wife?" sighed tho tho husband. 1. Thon Matilda astonished him by an ae-. count of her logaoy,' and con'duoted him home; to tho amazement of ovcry ono who met them —joy in her oyes atid in her poor, honest heart. . . . - \- Loft alono in his apartmcntwhilo tho iaith- fill wife prepared beef tea and other restora tives, for the individual abo had recently been in tho habit of alluding to as 44 her sainted husband;" Mr. Bixby indulged in astonishing uu ul ouvuk (uugumu, uuu wtwui tuw» u- peated to himself: . '.'Hang it! was: there over such a"" fool aB Tilly?" , and a tramp who wandered on tho shore was at tho samo /timo overjoyed by ' tho discovery of a rather seedy suit of clothes, in tho pookots of wltioh; besides soveral reproach- ful pink notes,, sighed Rosalie, ho found tv ! .Chicago newspaper in. wltioh tho enterprising : reporter's account: of Mrs. Bixby's "romantio history," her good fortune, and licr seaside mansion had beon faithfully oopicd. - ; : . Howovor, Mrs. Bixby, having a good deal in hor power, was not . as often snubbed in tbo future as sho had been in tho past. Hor hus band no longer flirted inker presence, and sho oonsiders: herself an exceedingly happy wo-, man, and is very fond of repeating tho. story of Mr. Bixby's adventures, which sho has' no doubt tho wnolo world belioves as thoroughly, as.sho.docs. r . . 