DE ATH OP II ANL A 1ST* [BY SUBMARINE CABLE:] >m thk ac;:). London, Juno 11. The Daily TfJcgnijih, in a special issue, an nounces the (bath of Edward Hanlan, tho champion sculler of the world, who was re cently reported t > have been prostrated with an attack of fevor. General regret will be evoked by the death of Hanlan, the champion oarsman of the world. His performances have been such as stamp him as being the best mail that ever sat in a racing boat, as, combined with the pluck and slaiuiu i that are so necessary to constitute a first-class sculler. lianlau had mastered the secret of the sliding seat in a manner that placed him far beyond all his compeers, and so made his success in the various matches he contested during his career a matter of certainty before he started. He has been rightly described a* a pheno menon sculler, and it wiil probably bo many yearsbefore his like is seen again. Hanlan was born at Toronto, Canada, in 1855, and was therefore 27 years of age at the time- of his death. During his early years he fol lowed the occupation of a fisherman, and as early as the age of sixteen years lie con tested successfully in. a double scull race on Toronto Bay. In 1873 he won the amateur sculling championship at the Toronto,regatta, on which occasion he defeated a couple of men who were looked upon as being scullers of more, than average merit. JSIexfc - year he won tho championship of Ontario, and in September of the same ryear :he won the championship at the Centennial exhibition. The race was rowed on the Schuylkell River at Philadelphia,pand some of the best oarjmen in the world competed. Tho final heat was won by Hanlan in 21 min. 29k sec., the fastest time on record, and tho performance stamped him as a sculler of the very first force. Hi3 ti xt appearance was at Boston •where he met defeat in pulling Plaisted and Johnson, owing to his outriggers br- aking but lie subsequently beat both men with tho greatest ease. His next encounter was with Evan Morris, whom he also disposed of in a ridiculously easy fashion, and he was then matched to row Wallace Ross, who was re garded as the champion of America, for 1000 dol., and the championship of Ga-.ada. • This race further confirmed tlie opinions that had been expressed as to Hanlan's marvellous brilliancy, as he won from start to finish and never gave his opponent the slightest chance. In 1877 Hanlan beat Plaisted and Ross a second time, and in July of that year won at Brockvillea, against eight of the re puted best scullers in America, and repeated the performance at the Barrier regatta a few weeks afterwards. Oourtenay at this time had come to tho front and put forth his claims to be considered champion, and a match between the two for §6000 a-side was the result. The race was rowed at Laohmes on the St. Lawrence, and Hanlan won by a length, after a desperate race. In 18/9 ho visited Ed-:'erland, and beat Hawdon, who was then a 'aspirant for championship honors, in tlie most ridiculous fashion. Elliott, who was then champion of England, challenged Hanlan, and got beaten in a manner that caused no small surprise, and stamped tho Canadian as a wonder. He literally rowed down his man from start to finish, and never gav • him tlie ghost of a show. English oars men now fully recognised Hanlan's • onder ful powers, and no one caring to tackle him he returned to Canada, and after the Oour tenay fiasco, when Courtenay's boat was cut in two on tlie eve of the race, he beat Riley. In June, 1830, he was beaten by Wallace Ross, in the Hop Bitters Race, owing to sudden illness, and his first match with Trickett was then made. The race was rowed on the 15th November, 1831, on tlie Thames, and t io Canadian wonder beat the colonial very badly. On fcliis occasion Hanlan's style called forth the uiiqualifiedjapproval of all tlie\critie:;, and ho was regarded as the most scientific rower that over sat in a shell, as his wonderful mastery of tho slide, c m bined.ivith rarely.developed muscular power, enabled liiiii to send a boat along at a pace none of the rival = could equal. Laycoek, who was in England at the time of Triokett's defeat, won the Hop Bitters prize subsequent to his countrymen's reverse, and challenged the Canadian He'was accommodated and d: feated, after which Hanlan returned to Canada. Tri keltalso visited America, but though there was a great deal of talk of a match between the two men nothing ca.ne of it. Hanlan, whose conduct on every match commanded the highest praise, was then challenged by Boyd to iow on the Tyne, and Trickett was informed that if he wanted another trial he could be accommodated after tlie match with Boyd. Both matches wero certainties fur Hanlan, who after beating Boyd, easily vanquished : Trickelt in more hollo v style than he did on the first oeoision. These in .tclioa are of so recent occurrence that there is n > necessity to refer particularly to them. Hanlan, after beating Trickett, re turned to Canada, and was matched to row Ross on the 10t-i of this month. Recently a ; telegram informed us that the match had •been postponed owing to Hanlan's illness ; and it would now appear as if that illness was much more serious than was at first anticipated, and culminated in the death of a man who was foremost as an oarsman, and commanded tho iaspect of all who came in contact with him for his honesty. 