NEW SOUTH WALES MEMS. Several veins of asbestos have been fitrnck in Temora. The Clyde took 50 bales of 'possum rugs for England. The Stracathro has arrived, at Brisbane with 375 immigrants. There were 9695 visitors to the Sydney Art Gallery in August. B. Pedrotta has won the ^10 cup offered by the Bathurst Gun Club. 3000 fat bullocks were waitingatDubbo last week, atd only trucks for 600. More lode tin discovered near Stantborpe, calculated to yield 50 or CO per cent- Sisters of Charity in Gralton are collecting funds for destitute people iu Ottawa, Canada. Captain. John Butler, of the North Shore Ferry Company, has saved another life—the 26th. D. and B. Bradford will not be allowed to tender for corporation work in Sydney for two years. The working classes of New Zealand have deposited nearly £2,000,000 in the savings bank6. Mr. M'Evoy, an old resident of Orange, has left £100 to the hospital, and a like sum to the B. C. Church. A subscription is being Taieed for the widow ond children of the late James Ahearn, killed by the tram in Sydney. Unfenced railways will probably be tried in Victoria. Fencing hardly necessary on our lines from Dubbo to Bourke. Gainsforth and Russell, riders of Hypatia and Kerolite in the Epsom Haudicap at Bandwick on Saturday, were disqualified. The weather in the Grafton district is becoming quite warm, and the farmers are planting maize, as the frosts have passed away. It is announced that Mr. JohnDavies,C.M.G., has decided to settle the Coonanbara business with Mi. Harris in the Supreme Court. Meat was sold at Is. per lb. in Balmain on Saturday last ; and Australian meat selling in London for 6d., or less, on the same day. Sir George Wigrara Allen, and Messrs. F.T. Humphery and S. Dickinson have been elected directors of the Mutual Life Association. Corowa has petitioned for a Royal Commission on tbe lands question. So have the honesty and intelligence of the country on many occasions. Australia is, it seems, to be honored with a visit from one of the most brilliant representatives oi English literature — Mr. Matthew Arnold. At the ploughing match for £40 a side at Parramatta, between tbe champions Redden and Power, the former won with a Ritchie's plough, The Balranald Stock and Pastures Bopd have fixed their Bcale of fees for the destruction of noxious animals at the nominal rate of one penny per hundred. A country journal says that " Frank Gardiner's peculative talents were such that had he taken to politics instead of to the roads he would have been a signal success." Trickett, Laycock, Rush, Largan, Pearce, Macdonald, Hearn, Edwards, Lynch, Power, Beach, Reynolds, and Perkins are expected to compete for the Punch trophy. A man named Abraham Bates was arrested at Temora a few days since on a charge of having, with four others, wilfully killed the racehorse By long two years ago. Clarence River people propose to immortalise Mr. J. Inglis by erecting a statue of him on some conspicuous headland. It is for frostresisting sugar-cane, not Indian tea. Victoria has congratulated tbe Australian cricketers by cable on their victory iu th All England match. The right thing to do but why was it not doue by Sydney 1 We are informed that in a lease now worked by a party adjoining the Ophir Bluff ground, rich stuff has been struck—richer than anything got in the vicinity for some time. New theatre in Pitt-street, Sydney, near Market-street, cost £45,000, to accommodate 4000 peop'e. To be built on land leased from Mr. W. M'QuaJe by Mr James Allison. Elias Laycock and H. Pearco arrived from London by the Sorata on 30th ult., and received a hearty welcome from their personal friends. Both men are in capital health. "We are informed that the Government has issued instructions to the Survey Department to the effect that a two-chain public road be left in future between all full-sized conditional purchases. It is stated that over 100,000 acres of land has been selected on one station near Hay since the railway opened. This is perhaps the best evidence of the benefit of railway communication. The warship Diamond could not capture Puto, the last of the Sandfly murderers, but burst up hiB people's canoes and burned their plantations. As usual, the king sins and the people burn. A Clydesdale stallion recently imported from England by Mr. W. Kite is dead, which adds another to the many misfortunes in that way suffered by the proprietor of the Woolstone stables, Avalanche. The Government have at length offered a reward for the capture of the four " masked" robbers who a few weeks ago entered a house « u nder arms" at Fairfield. The amount ot the reward is £100. TheCopeland goldfielda are bearing a more favorable aspect at the present time than they have done for the last three or four years. The Hidden Treasure ia getting splendid gold the bottom level. The intelligence of the sudden and premature death, at Sydney, the other day, of Mr. J. E. Williamson, C.E., of the Roads and Bridges Department, evoked general regret here (writes our Shoalhaven correspondent). A commencement has been made for laying a double line of tram rails from the racecourse terminus to Randwick. The contractors are Messrs. Forster and Brig&s;, who have also the contract for the Coogee extension. Twelve baskets of fish from Lake Macquaric were seized by Mr. Inspector Seymour at the Woolloomooloo markets as unfit for human food. They were perfectly rotten. Of late, seizures have been far above the average. Buyers and consumers of cattle in Sydney had last week to pay the highest prices ever realised in that market. The drought has been partly responsible for the high rates which have been lately paid for fat bullocks. A correspondent writing from the Copeland diggings informs us that the want of miners there is greatly Jelt, that some of the claims are almost at a standstill for labour, and that the iges range from £2 10s. to £2 15s. per week. The Minister of Education stated in the Assembly that it is the intention of the Government to have history taught in all the public been established since the Act came into opera' tion. The Hon. John Lucas, M.L.C., who ha? gone to New Zealand with the intention of proceeding from thence to America and England for the benefit of his health, has tendered the resignation of his office as a trustee of Scarborough Park. The recent severe frosts (says the Maclcay Mercury of Queensland) have no precedent in this district, and reliable information has been received that the effects of the cold weather will have a considerable influence on the return of the cane crop this year. Our Cootamundra correspondent writes on Saturday last:—" A pigeon match took place to-day, which was well attended. Harding won both the principal sweeps (prizes £5 and £3). Some smaller sweeps were shot off, which were all won by local men.'' The number of scalps received in the district of Glen Innea for tbe seven months ending July 31 have been—Kangaroos, 27,166; wallabies, 2225 ; native dogs, 1140. For all these certificates have been issued. They represent tbe sum of £1216 19a. 4d. The Ramornie Meat Works have ceased operations for a time. This ie said to be due to the fact that fat cattle are very scarce,, and it was impossible to procure the necessary supply to keep the works going. Work will be resumed when cattle can be got again. The Newcastle Coal Company's miners have been in a very unsettled state ior a long time, it is now apparent to all who have watched their proceedings that they will not work with satisfaction either to themselves or their employers until they have spent a few weeks or months on strike. An extraordinary robbery has occurred at Napier, New Zealand. Two of the pilot crew occupy a bouse together, and while engaged taking out the 6teamer Hawea their residence was entered. Reader, one of the men, had 43 sovereigns in the place. The thief took 23 of these, leaving 20 behind. The Bank of New Zealand has commenccd to issue its notes in Sydney, and business people will doubtless become acquainted with this latest addition to the paper currency of the city. The notes are decidedly pretty in appearance, the various tints being artistically arranged and the printing perfect. A young girl named Gillespie, at the Clarence River, fell into the fire when in a fit, and wheu discovered was almost roasted. Her eyes were burned out, the muscles of the face and neck burst and revealed the tissues beneath. Her teeth were charred black, and the general appearance of the neck and bosom indescribable. From authentic sources it has been learned that there are at present in Sydney three experienced Frcnch burglars, who have been taking stock of tbe various suburban banks, and it behoves all persons connected with these establishments to be extra careful aboutlooking to the safety of the places, and to be prepared for these men. The close season under the Birds Protection Act corameuced on Friday, the 1st September, and extends to tbe 28th February next. The maximum penalty for killing protected birds during the close season is £5. Persons taking or destroying the eggs of birds mentioned in the schedule are liable to a penalty not exceeding the sum ot 10s. for each egg. Mr. Frederick Bonney, J.P., late owner of Momba Station, Darling River, has readapaper on the aborigines of the Darling River before the British Association now in session, and a discussion thereupon ensued. Mx. Bonnev has been known for years as a student oftheab ginal race, and probably he is about the best authority on the subject upon which he has written. Sir Henry Parkes says, as a reason why the Art Gallery should not be opened on Sunday in Sydney, that there are more churches than public-houses in Kiama. Perhaps the hon. gentleman will supplement his interesting chronicles of the place referred to by informing us as to the correct number and description of I the ghosts legitimately belonging to that spiritual locality. A sort of experiment in the live meat trade has just been made, Messrs. Pitt, Son, and Badgery, of Sydney, having received a consignment of a score of fat cattle from Maryborough. So far as the condition of the cattle on landing is concerned, the trial was eminently successful, and the prices realized were, we understand, such as to render it probable that a regular and lucrative business will result. The following is the enacting part of Mr. Pigott's bill, just introduced into the Legislative Assembly, to amend the law of dewer: —" 1. This Act shall and may be cited as the Dower Act Amendment Act of 1882. 2. From and after the passing of this Act the rights of dower of women married before the first day of January, 1837, shall be the same as the rights to dower of women married since that date.' Mr. Lackey, iu reply to a deputation, said he would have a trial survey of a railway line from Armidale to Trial Bay made as soon as surveyors could be spared, which might possibly be within a few weeks. In reply to another deputation he stated that the Railway Department would be prepared to advertise for tenders for the construction of a railway from Coota- mundra to Gundagai on the 24th October next. The Lilhgow Mercury has been 6hown a splendid sample of coal obtained from Mr. C. Bennett's land, south oi the line at Mount Clarence, near the siding. The outcrop is hard and solid, and looks almost ec^ual to that of our best coal, and as tbe seam is 4 feet thick, without a band, it should pay to work. From its height, the elevation being over 3000 feet, the seam cannot be identical with any in the Lithgow Valley, though, possibly, it may be the Katoomba seam. A gentleman who has just returned from Lord Howe Island hag brought some fine specimens of coffee grown on the island by Mr. Nathan C. Thompson, from Java seed. The plants are finely developed, and the berries, which are of fair size, are clustered round the stems in large quantities. The coffee plant will grow freely in the county of Cumberland, and is cultivated for show; but it is probable that in many parts of Australasia it may be successfully cultivated for commercial purposes. The prisoner John Taylor, convicted of cattle-stealing on Friday at Wagga, wasbrought up for sentence on Saturday morning. In passing sentence his Honor Judge Dowling stated that the prisoner had rendered himself liable to a term of imprisonment with hard labor on the roads for five years, and that after giving consideration to the case he did not feel justified in reducing tbe punishment. He then sentenced prisoner to this term, the first thTee years of which, we believe, will be passed in Berrima. The following is the text of the bill introduced into the Legislative Assembly by Mr. Pigott to enable defendants to give evidence in all cases of summary conviction. The bill, it will be observed, is the same as was passed by the Legislative Assembly last session, and amended by the Legislative Council, but which lapsed owing to tbe prorogation of Parliament: —" From and after the passing of this Act it shall be lawful for the defendant to give evidence in all cases iu which magistrates are authorised to exercise a summary jurisdiction." On Monday a deputation which waited on the Postmaster-General suggested that the various colonial Governments be asked to reduce the charge for telegrams to a uniform rate of Is. for 10 words, or, Jailing that, allow of 20 words being sent for 2s. Mr. Campbell replied that the proposed reduction would seriously affect the revenue, and he therefore could not undertake to deal with the matter without consulting his colleagues. He himself was willing to give every possible facility for making the postal and telegraph services as cheap and accessible as possible. A little girl named Annie Brown, between nine and teu years of age, daughter of Mr. Charles Brown, late of the Squatters' Hotel, Wagga, fell into the river between 4 and 5 o'clock on Friday afternoon, and was drowned. It appears she was returning from school, and, childlike, went with a playmate to see the flooded state of the river. At the spot where the Fitzoiaurice-street drain empties itself into river the bank is broken away, and she ped into this gully, it is said, to pick up a stone to throw into the river, when she slipped and fell into the water. At Dubbo Quarter Sessions a new species of country crime was disclosed. An East Indian was found guilty of killing cattle with the intention of stealing their hides. It used to be tbe practice of prisoner to follow weak cattle in the paddocks, run them into the river, and hamstring them. ^ Then he skinned them. For a long time his little game was carried on without any suspicion being excited. Cattle were found dead in the river, and it was thought poverty was the cause, and that some poor wretch had taken off the hide. Prisoner was sentenced to three years1 hard labor. indignantly protested, saying that it would He be impossible for him to go into society after being herded for three years with gaol-birds. Mr. John Flanagan, one of the most prominent members of the Tass PlainB Freeholders* and Free Selectors' Associa- tion, has received a communication from the secretary of another leading Free Selectors' Association, in which it is suggested that next month would be a most fitting time for the holding in Sydney of another conference of delegates from the different associations in the colony. We (Courier) understand that Mr. Flanagan has forwarded this letter to Mr. John Boulding, of Taugmangaroo, who is the hon. secretary for tbe Tass society, and it is therefore most likely that a meeting of free selectors will very 'shortly be held in Yasa to consider the advisability or otherwise of carrying out the suggestion contained in this letter. The bill introduced into the Legislative Assembly by Mr. Slattery to amend the Acts to regulate the admission in certain cases of barristers of the Supreme Court of. New South Wales, is as follows';—"Any person duly admitted to practice as a barrister in the Supreme Court of Victoria or of Queensland shall be entitled to be admitted to,practice as a barrister in the Supreme Court of New South Wales, upon the like terms and conditions and payment oi the like fees respectively as those upon which any person who shall have been duly admitted to practice as a barrister in the Supreme Court of New South Wales shall, for the time being, be entitled to be admitted to practice as a barrister in the Supreme Court of Victoria or of Queensland respectively." The rabbits appear to be slowly but surely advancing towards us. Seven were recently killed at what is known as Bega Sandhill, on tbe Cuba run, Murrumbidgee River, and we learn that they have penetrated as far as Mulwala, neat Corowa, upon the Murray. How difficult their extermination is, has been de- monstrated in Victoria, but prompt application of tbe provisions of the Stock and Pastures Protection Act will certainly be advantageous, and should prove effective. The main thing to be feared is the imposition which ie certain to follow the offer of a price for skins, upon the same principle that kangaroo scalps are now paid for. The experience of the Victorian squatters must have shown their brethren iu Riverina what they may anticipate if the rabbits get the upper hand, so it is to be supposed that a strong effort will be made to keep the pest under. A correspondent of the Sydney Morning Herald, in dealing with the question of land reform, suggests " that every man should be at liberty to select a certain quantity of land tor a farm or homestead, but that he shall be compelled to reside on it as long as lie holds it. He shall be at liberty to sell or transfer it at any time, but the buyer or transferee must reside on it in turn, and so on lor ever, with the proviso that a man shall only be aUovxd once to take up land in this way. The country would thus be immediately opened up to tbe bona-fide grazier or cultivator, and as long as he or those who buy from him choose to reside on the selection, he or they can bold it, but no longer, while no chance ie given of securing blocks of hundreds of square miles for sheepwalks under the Act specially devised to prevent such a consummation." This proposal is very similar to one put forward some years ago in the columns of this journal. There is (says a correspondent of the Sydney Morning Herald) a company in the north-west portion of Dummydom —a company only recently formed—capital 20,000 shares of £10 each, £200,000—to work 800,000 acres of land, of which 84,000 acres are freehold and 8000 acres selected. This property, which comprises six of the best stations of Liverpool Plains, with 135.000 sheep, 14,000 head of cattle, and 350 horses, was valued at £385,000. The company bought it over for £370,000, and after tbe purchase, borrowed at 6 per cent, to the extent of £250,000—the stations and stock being the security. Is it not plain that this company has 700,000 acres of land to guard ? If so disposed its managers can have a large amount of capital to ward off selectors, and to fight them in courts or elsewhere if they will not be warded off. This company's property is, I believe, the largest piece in Dummydom, but there are some pieces in Walgett nearly as large. It is stated on good authority that when Mr. John Harris was a candidate for re-election to the civic chair in Sydney he was waited upon by Alderman John Davies, who also aspired to the position, and who told Harris that he hail been commissioned by Sir Henry Parkes and Sir John Robertson to say that if he (Harris) would give way to Davies lie would be forthwith nominated to a scat in the Legislative Council. Mr. Harris declined the overture, and is now Mayor of Sydney, but not a member of the Legislative Council. In connexion with tbe charges against Alderman Davies, the Mayor of Sydney was on Monday served with a writ at the suit ot Mr. John Davies, to recover £20,000 damages for statements made by the mayor reflecting on the conduct of Davies at the recent inquiry held by 3. sub-committee appointed by the council to inquire into charges jnade against him. It is rumoured that the services of Mr. Salomons have been retained on behalf of Davies. 