THROUGHi WEIAL AND THROUGH WOE. By G. S. C. CIIAPTER XX. TIlE WANDEnEU. 'Yes,' said Lucy, I will go back I've stood this kind of thing long enough.' Ie still sad heart and cease repining, Behind the clouds is the sun still shining Into each life some rain must fall Some dclays he dark and dreary. The sweet words soothed her, and t passionate hope flooded her heart, that perhaps her night of sorrow might soon be over. ' Mrs. Fame,' she said a few days afterwards, ' Hlow much do I owe you, for I am going away?' ' Five shillings, Miss Carr; but I be real sorry that you are going.' Lucy put the money into the land nlady's hand, went to her room and put her things together, and then, without at backward glance, left the house. It was dark before she reached London, tand feeling very friendless and forlorn, Lucy left the train and got into a second-class carriage in the one leaving for Doverdale. It was empty, so lifting her veil she settled herself nt a corner It was past ten before she reached Doverdale. The porter eyed her with surprise and suspicion as she stepped along the platform, looking so solitary and unprotected; but she went on her way uninterruptedly. 'I must walk to Woodvillo to.night' muttered she, as she looked at her empty purse. 'Never mind; heaven knows I shall not lose my way.' Setting her heart to it sithe stopped out right well-pale moonlight her lamp, remembrance her guide. There was not a soul on the road ; the breeze only stirred the leaves,making a wailing sound which somehow reminded her of the sea. At last the dark tower ap. peared rising higher and higher as she approached, till it stood, stately, beau. tifuil and alone, rearing its proud head like a guardian angel over the sleeping village. sinking on to the nearest stump, Lucy laid her head with very weariness on the stone behind it, and with her thtin cloak drawn round her cold shoulders fell fast asleep. She awoke at daybreak, stiff, cold and miserable, and rubbing her eyes rose and went on her way. She recognised no one as she went down the village street ; the people were all strange, even the landlord of the Roed Lion was a new one. Something made her turn to the churchyard, and stroll to her father's grave and looked at it sadly. There was a dead wreath on granny's grave-Lucy wondered who had put it there. But what caught her eye ? A tiny grave strewn with faded flowers, a shiining marble stone, and on it the words Sacred to the memory of ELSIE, Youngest daughter of Hoenry and Edith Carlisle. Died May -4th, IS A dizzy feeling came to Lucy's head, her heart stood still, then throbbed wildly. She stared at the terrible words with fixed gaze, and with a cry of ' Elsie, Elsie,' threw herself beside the grave and covered her shivering face in herhands. What were hardships, miseries and troubles to that. She had come back to find-oh heavens-the sister, the sweet blue-eyed baby, that mother had left to her care lying in the grave. CHAPTER ýTI. TIHE DOW-FALL OF BLISS HEWLET. Mliss Hewlet lay reading in her room. To a careless eye sihe was just the same impassive, haughty, handsome creature its ever, but to a more keen one, such as Pickles', the straight form had lost its proud bearing. The dark haughty head drooped a little and the eyes burned with a sullen fire. Lena and Pickles were still at daggers drawn, but Lena seemed to tire of the inces sant peeks and grunts which Miss Pickles favored her with and soon left off returning them. Presently the young Australian entered, saying sharply, 'The house is chock full, so Lady Helen says that I am to sleep with you o-nig hit-that is '-a little vindictively -'if you do not object.' No, I do not object,' and Lena coldly returned to her book. It was late before Annie wont to bed that night, and when she reached the room theo governess was fast asleep. It was a ' fad ' that l'icklos had always to draw up the blind before going to bed. Sihe liked to see the glowing stars and watch the moonlight fill the room. But that night, by a strange fascination, so I could not keep her eyes ofil' her sleeping companion, anid watched the pale light I resting on the loose rippled black ihair with a persistency that surprised her- c self. It must have been midnight when Pickles, half in dreamland, heard a voice. She turned quickly, atd saw Lsna standing motionless by the table, d a weird and unearthly sight it was. A. figure, white-robed, tall, and painfully slenler, a mantle of rich black hair streaming past her waist, aitt the g slvery moonlight trembling at her feet like a broken river of light. If ever I our bold friend " whist," as cousin Jack o says, she did then, and a sight like that - in the middle of night would surely v give the bravest girl something of ad '' squirm." Presently Lena sioke again, 'I put it there, no one will ft guess. No, no, I must get rid of them. ti Netty,-Ah, you are not there.' a ' What ot earth is she going to do ?' ft muttercil Pickles, asLena began pulling I out one of her drawers. H1cr astonish. moent was still greater wheo she saw her ft lift it right out and phtce it on her bed. ' She's tsleep ! By Julpiter, hero's a lark,' and quick as thought Pickles got ti from her bed and stood beside the Bleeping woman. Lena bulled from the ti back of the drawer a tiny secret one, bol|; anld narrow. Lying thero amongst I' mntlhy of old ribbons, jewels and letters, were two bright guineas. Pickles' heart began to beat strangely. A ,no, on one of the letters caught her eye " Dearest Edith." In a moment Pick les had it in her hand, and with her soul, burning alike with triumph and indignation, she got back into bed again. SSo, so, Miss Evelina Heowlet, how did those two guines goet there? And Edie's letter? I see through it now. Yaou miserable vile wretch I've cotched yo?-now for to-morrow. Oh golly, golly, l'se so wicked." And nursing her knees, Annie chuckled delightedl'. Loen, having looked a long time at the coins, closed the drawer and put it hback in the chest, thouen got back into bed again, still asleep. 'Harriet,' began Annie next morning as they met in the hall, ' I have some thing to tell you.' 'Very urgent?' asked HIarriot smiling in her good-tempered way. 'Yes, very urgent,' said Pickles. ' Come into the library then,' replied Harriet, ' there is no one there.' Harriet's face had changed to many shades before Annio had finished, and she said slowly, ' How are we to prove that they are the coins mama lost ?' ' Look at this letter. Isn't that from 'Tony to Edie ?' ' Of course,' said Harriet. S'W'ell,' remarked Pickles, 'make her prove how it came into her possession.' ' Are there any others in her drawer?' asked Harriet. 'Yes, but I was afraid to take any more in case old Gobbs would miss theim.''. "'I'm very glad you did not,' said Harriet. 'First of all you accuse her pointblank'of taking the mosney? 'Are you'sure that she has no suspicions ?' ` Not half a one,' said Pickles... 'Very well. The surprise in all pro. bability will take her off-hlier guard. Then show her the letter, and we will search her drawer in the presence of the family.'." ' But suppose,' asked Pickles, du biously, ' that she takes it into her head to dispose of them, as she said last night ?' 'That is very improbable. We will do it before the whole family, so as to make her disgrace themore complete.' ' By Jo I-bhem-yes, I will. She'll know what it is to call me ia coptomp. tible little puppy.' , About fiveo'elock proved to be the beot time. The female part of the family were drinking- tea in Lady Helen's favorite summer parlor. Lance had dropped in and the governess was with them. Miss Hewlet and Pickles had just had another little difference, and the latter's blood was up. 'Ladies and gentlemen,' she began, 'I have something of importance to tell you.' Her aunt and cousins stared. ' Now listen. You were all preciously ready to believe Lucy Carlisle a thief though your own blood ran in her veins-and have forbidden her name to be mentioned amongst us, &c.;, &c.; Now Lady Helen, I tell you that the woman whom you have pampered and made much of, she is the thief. That woman is-' But Lena Hewlet had sprung up, and clapping her hand on Annie's face. cried passionately, ' Shio is telling lies. She will ruin me. I will not be insulted. I' ' Miss Hewlet,' began Harrie ; ' be. have calmly. You must know that by your behaviour you are proving your guilt.' ' Harriet! ' cried Lady Heleon, rising in haughty displeasure, 'what is the meaning of this?' Then watching Lena's baffled white face, Harriet cooly told Pickles' story. Lena's hour had come, and though fuming at her thoughtlessness, she faced her shame with her usual un daunted impudence. 'How can you prove that those guineas are the same?' she asked proudly. ' Because they are 'retorted Pickles, for the mere sake of retorting. 'Be quiet, . Annie,' said Harris sharply. 'Miss Hewlet, how came this letter of Mr. Aubrey's into your possession ?' ' It's a lie' screamed Lena, glaring round her like an animal at bay, 'a lying plot to ruin me.' ' But Miss Hewlet,' said Pickles, with a scarcastic smile; 'puppy dogs can't tell lies.' Lady Helen quickly interrupted. Annie, is this some spite of yours,? Will you swear to what Harriet says ?' ' No,' returned Pickles disdainfully, ' I never swear.' 'Perhaps Annie dreamt it,' suggested Sylvia, lazily. ' Perhaps I did. No, I will prove it. Miss Hewlet, I am going to expose you, I warn you. Any one who wishes come up staira with me, and I will show you the drawer and its contents.' 'You dare not,' cried Lena, beside herself. 'Annio Hastings you will pay dearly for this.' ileWiot, I ueg i yu pose yourself,' cried Lady Ingleton. 'TwIic you have proved yourself guilty,' interjected Plickles. 3lad witlh passionl, white with ashanmc, Lena duslihed Ainnio blindly asidle, opened tlio door, and rushed up stalirs -but her door was locked. Annuio's victory was complete, and so was Lena's discomfiture. 'All ! you fiendl!' Shie panutcd. 'Fool, fool that I liars becn, and rushling from tbo Ihouso slheo sank under tlhe elm tree and buried her fco in her liands. A footatop sounded near, and Harriot Inglcton approaclhed. ' We do inot wish to push this matter further' she begiin, looking with liiigPring pity on the cowiceringi womn. ' Whero is your address. I will see that your possessions are sent to you.' Lena sullenly asked her to send them to hebor sister'u. ' Heoro are your lat and your gloves, and ' continued nHarriet in her beautifu" hind way, ' do not try revenge in thius matter. Tako a word of advice, dear Lena, and try to live better in the future. And if they will help you, accept may pity and sorrow, for I feel for you.' With a frotfid jerk of the shoulder, Lena shook Harriet's hand off, and Harriot regretfully left her. CHAPTElt XXII. AT LasT, WVith an aching heart Lucy wearily rose, and wandered round tho familiar old spot as if in a terrible dream. She dared not go to the castle, feeling like a Ruilty criminal, but she must go somewhere. Then flashed ncrosas her mindl Mrs. Mecrrel's words, 'Ifever you are in trouble, always find a friend in Ellen Merrel,' Yes, she would go to liher. Perhaps liher old friend would not recognise heor, and after sho felt well again, shle would seek for her sister. Mrs. Merrel, feeble and aged, received Lucy pityingly, but simply as a poor homeless stranger,hungry and forlorn. ' Whly are thle flowers in thie church ?' asked Lucy, as sho sat beside the com forling blaze of the fire. ' Mr. Aubrey, of Berwood, and Miss Edith Carlisle wero married a few days ago,' vwas tho reply. 'Oh !' eiaculated uicv. ' ThTe arlieles,' continued Mrs. Merrel, wiping her eyes, 'are an old fiamily. That old house yonder was their home. I quite remember gay, handsome Harry Carlisle. He died, poor follow, about ton years ago. His wife, Edith Norton, used to be an old pupil of mine. She died at sea.' "'What became of the.rest of the family ?' :asked Lucy, steadying her voice, and preparing to listen. " ' Ah!. that is a sad story. The eldest girls- were twins. Lucy, such a lovely child, ran from her home a year or so ago. That is 'why poor Mrs. Aubrey is so urihappy, as she loved her sister very dearly. The' youngest girl was killed only a few weeks ago by a fiall from a horse; hdr poor little grave is in the churchyard.' Very quiet was the slight figure bending over the fire-very heavy were the blue eyes as Mrs. Merrol finished. ' What a sad story,' she said quietly, but a fit of shuddering seized her, and Mrs. Meorrol cried quickly, 'You are ill. Let me get you into this bed.' Lucy wearily complied. 'It is a chill you have caught,' said Mrs Merrel, and after she had got Lucy into bed she began to busily pre. pare some peppermint' tea. Beforo another hour was over Lucy lay in a burning brain fever. ' If only Nell would come,' cried Mrs Merrel, wringing her hands. ' Oh Jack, is that you?' 'Yes, granny,' and M'r. Forrestoer came in. ' ' Run arid bring Nelly' said Mrs. Merrel, 'I have a poor sick girl here and I cannot do anything.' ' 'Yes, I'llrun,' and in a few- minutes he returned with his wife. Nelly looked at the flushed face, a tender pity in her eyes. ' Granny' she exclaimed suddenly, 'this is Lucy Carlisle.' 'I thought I knew those eyes' said Mrs. Merrel, and tears coursing down her cheeks, she folded those hot hands in hers., ' Edie' moaned the sufferer. 'Hark!' said Mrs. Merrel, ' she calls her sister. Jack, run up and tell them. Edio is at the Castle.' In a moment Jack had gone. 'Edith! 'cried-Lucy, springing up in wild delirium, and catching .Nolly's arm; 'Edith, I never took it!' Then she sank back on the pillow. ' Berty; poor Borty. It is better so, good-bye; good.bye. Ah ! -it is better so.' ' Lucy,' said Nelly, taking the hot hand; 'don't you know me? I am 'Nelly-your old friend.' But the blue eyes were quite vacant, though she seemed to like to feel. Nelly's- hand. At last footsteps sounded-outside, and Mrs. Merrel.went to meet Mrs. Aubrey and Cora. Jack had not told them that Lucy was there. ' Edith ' said Mrs. Merrel, ' come with me if you please.' Edith-followed her wonderingly into the room and saw, wild, wasted, with two brillianr scarlet spots on either check, golden hair tossed in beautiful luxuriane over the pillow, her sister Lucy. Without a word; without a sign; Edith went to the bed, and taking the poor wasted hand in hers, pillowed the lovely light head upon her breast. ' Lucy, little Lucy,' and bowing her head she wept bitterly. It had come at last. After all the prayers, the hopes, the bitter wild despair; it had come at last. They all withdrew and left the two together. In the summer parlor at Woodville Castle are gathered together a few weeks after many of our old friends Cora and Sophy, Harriet and Elle., Lucy and Edith. Lucy is looking very wan and wasted, for she had had a hard battle for life; and oven then, the doctor had told her that though she might live for a few months, her mother's disease was on her, and her stay in the world would be very short. It was a hard truth for Edith and Annie, but bravely accepting the in evitable, they sought to make her short stay as sweet as possiblo. Herbert was expected home the following day, and the girls were all living at the Castle. S' I often wonder,' said Lucy dreamily 'if ever we shall hear of poor Lena again ?' ' I hope we never shall,' said Pickles quickly- ' We have had quite enough of her:' ' When are you going to be married, Annie?' asked Ellen. 'Next month,' said Pickles. 'And then are you going to Aus. tralia ?' asked Harriet. 'No!' replied Annie, with filling eyes; not for a little time.' ' Thank you, Annio,' said Lucy simply, and with tears falling Annie stroked the goldon head. ' Shall I be able to go for a drive to-morrow ?' asked Lucy. 'No dear,' returned Edith gently; ' not for c day or two Dr. Markie says.' 'I have never seen ]3orwood, you know' said Lucy; 'nor Woodbine.' 'Edith,' said Lady Augusta entering, 'Antony is hero with the carriage. Couldn't Lucy manage a drive to-day ?' 'I was just saying' said Lucy, eagerly ' It won't hurt her' said Harriet. ' Very well,' said Edith; ' you must wrap up warmly dear,' and she softly caressed the beloved little face. ' You will come too, Edie ?' 'Yes,' was the reply. Through the well-loved scenery they drove, and Lucy watched each familiar spot as if wishing each good-bye. At Woodbine they stopped. ' Let us go through the house,' sug gested Lucy; 'dear old home.' So arm in arm they went into the little parlor where dusty and solitary stood the mother's chair, with Elsie's green one beside it. Lucy laid her forehead on the back. ' Don't these seem like ghosts, Edio ?' ' How dear?' asked Edith. 'Because they remind me of past days. I fancy 1 hear motheor's voice. I remember Elsie saying she saw her riding on the top of sea waves ; to me she lives in this little room still; in this arm chair.' ' Hushl, dear Lucy,' said Edith. ' When I am gone,' continued Lucy in the same dreamy way, bury me by Elsie under the willow I planted there so long ago.' ' Come away dear sister' said Edith, ' you are wearied." 'Don't quite forget me, Edith" pro ceeded Lucy, 'keep a little place in your heart for me, and when you see Lena tell her Iforgave all." ' Yes, dear,' promised Edith, and taking her sister's hand silently led her away. CHAPTER' XXIII. A LASTFAREWELL. 'Lucy,' began Edith, entering the little room where Lucy lay reading, SHerbert has come.' A quick fnlush tinted.the pale face, but it faded immediately. 'Shall I send him to you ' asked Edith. ' Yes, if you please,' replied her sister. She was quite calm when Herbert entered the room, and held out her little thin hands to him in gentle' welcome. He was sadly changed ; the fair happy face of olden days was changed to a thin weary one, and his brow was tired looking and his figure drooping. ' Berty,' said Lucy, and in a moment he was on his knees beside the couch with his manly head bowed on her arm. ' Dear Berty,' continued Lucy, and her fingers wandered lovingly through his bright wavy hair. ' Lucy,' he said, raising his head and looking with clouded, wistful eyes on the sweet but altered face, 'you are sadly changed. Oh, my love, how we have suffered I' ' Let us forget it,': cried Lucy hastily, 'it is past and gone, dear boy. We will be happy friends in future.' ' No, Lucy, never friends I' 'Nothing more, Berty; thathas passed away. We are dear brother and sister now. ' ' No, no I' and he pressed her madly to his breast. 'Lucy, you must be mine after all this weary time.' 'Dear Herbert, you will soon forget.' ' Never I Oh Lucy, how can you treat me so ?' 'I am not long for this world, Berty, nor am T sorry to go. Be true and love me while I live, but forget me when I die.' And covering her face with her hands,'Lucy sobbed iwith bitter sorrow, but only for him; .- r " ' Do not grieveomy sweet, I can bear it. Look up Iaucy and .smile,' and' raising the belo'ved:little 'face he' kissed' it.' ' Herbert,' said Cora entering, 'come into the room withthe rest of us. Come Leo, Herbert will niot do you any good, I fear.' Edith watched her sister closely that night and saw in lier a change, a tender quiet peace, that somehow worried her. Yes, the end was near, very near, and Lucy knew it. No one else would have marked any difference, but the sisters clung close together, feeling a more passionate love for each other as the parting was so near. ' Annie,' said Lucy, one calm July evening as they sat on the balcony to gether, 'do you remember once saying that you would grieve to see me Berty's wife?' 'You must not remember the foolish things that I need to say, Lucy,' cried Annie quickly. 'I don't mean it as a reproach'to you, cousin,' answered Lucy laying her hand on Annie's shoulder. But I have often thought that you were right. It is a sad pity that Berty ever loved me. If he had only loved somen good noble woman, he would have been happy now.' 'Do not fret for him, Lucy, he will get over it. He is only bearing what many a man has borne before him.' Lucy made no answer but closed her wearily. Edna then joined them, quiet and gently, but not sad. 'It is damp Lucy; had you better not come in now, dear?' 'Yes,' said Annie. 'I forgot.' The days passed quietly and un brokenly. The girls kept closely to gether, watching with swelling hearts the journey of one of them into the dark unknown. It came at last-the end nud oh ! how calmly,; how trustfully she went. Undler the old tree they buried her, and there, side by side the sisters lay. Three weeks afterwads,. Annie and Frank were married, but they were not going to Australia till the following year. Eldna, with her baby boy, went back to Lilydale, and HIarriet and Ellen to London. Herbert, after the burial, had gone abroad again. And so the months passed by, and the next July came Edith's little trea sure, her baby girl Lucy, a sweet little creature, blue- eyed, fair and beautiful. Edith loved it passionately. It was never out of their sight. Sleeping or waking the fond young mother was ever by its side, watching the baby budding into new beauties like a little flower. Cora and Sophy wore both married, but the castle had not yet had a new mistress. Herbert had not returned. It was a little beforo the departure of Frank and Annie, when Edith sat on the balcony reading, with Lucy playing at her feet. SEdith,' began Antony, joining her, and tossing his wee daughter high above his head, 'there is someone outside wanting to se.you.' iv Uo is 1I, J wonaer 5 SKC in iLu. ' It is a female,' returned her husband 'Comno with me, Antony. I expect it is a woman wanting employment.' 'I think not,' said Antony, 'she seems a lady.' Edith looked swiftly at him, and went down stairs. A tall woman thickly veiled was at the door. ' I wish to see Mrs. Aubrey alone,' she began, and Antony witlhdrew. 'Do you recognise me?' and throwing back lier veil she displayed the unmistabeable features of Lena Hoewlet. ' Yes,' said Editlh, 'you are Lena Hewleot.' There was something very calm in Edith's manner. ' Do you want me?' ' Yes,' and to Edith's surprise Lena covered lier thin face with her hands, and burst into a flood of tears.. ' Will you forgis'e me, Edith, if I toll you all?' ' Yes,' Lend, I will forgive you. Sit down and tell mo calmly.' And Edith gently placed a chair for her. . ' No, no; let me kneel here,' cried Lena, falling on ner knees in passionate entreaty. ' Lot me lie in the dust while I confess my sins.' S.Rise, dear Lena; do inot knceel to 'such as me. ' Your hi may have been great,- but lineel to' God, who will for give it, but not to me.' But she did not rise, and witlh her hands half hiding her face Lena began. CHAPTER XXIV. 1.05151. CO15FEa5ION. '.My mother died when I was but twelve years old. She sent Notty and me to an aunt living Ihere in Woodville. When only seventeen I went as governess to Lady Agusta's two little girls, who Sdied soon afterwards. I feel madly and passionately in love with Antony Aubrey, I then only a boy of nineteen'and believed that my love was returned. He cared for me, as he often said, like a dear Ssister, but I thought otherwise, as I said before, and thlought my love returned. You were only a child, Edith, when he mot you, but I soon discovered his regard for you. Yon may imagine my rage and sorrow when lie told me one night thiat he loved you, and hoped to win you for his wife. I was afraid of yon Edith. I doni't know why. I soon saw yonr passionate love for Lucy. Then Ipianned my miserable revenge. With all my power I strove to poison her mind, and soon succeeded in doing so. I termined to keep with you if possible, and perhaps win Antony after all. I went to tlhe school and made a confid"ant of Miss Page. Slhe disliked Aninie, and was glad she said to spite any Carlisle. After she was dis missed froni the school, through Annie, you know, she told me tlhat shlo would do anything for me, knowing tlhat by ma king you unhappy it would make Annie so too. She managed to become post mistress at Doverdale, and all the letters that Antony sent to you slhe stopped, except, of course, the letter yonu received from him first. I wrote one to him in your name refusing the offer I know bo maide you, and doing so as cruelly as I could, I expected his pride to resent this, as it did, but not effectually, he told Miss Page that he was going to Lilydalo to see you. Knowing you were old friends she immediately telegraphed to me and I was prepared, I gave you a Latin lesson that day, you remember; and wlhile you were learning it he came. I hlad bribed the servant not to tell Mrs. Gray, and fearing that he would have suspicion of me, I sent down Esther Langlcy, who only too gladly went, to tell hlimn tlhat you refused to see him. He went away and soon after came the news of your grandmanima's death and you went to London. I wrote to Lucy, determined to keep my power o'er her, and endeavoured to get into Lady Helen's family. I was mad when you and An tony became engaged, and seeing that lie could never be mine, I planned your misery,makting Lucy my tool. It was I who turned lier from you; I who urged hler to run away, but your cousin Annie had her suspicions all the time, anod, as you know, in the end gained the better of me.' Lena spoce rapialy, inconerently and sometimes passionately. Edith did not interrupt lier, but the gentle face grew white with hlorror. 'Can you forgive me, Edith? Oh God ; Oh God I If I only dared to end my wretched life." " Yes, Lena, I forgive you. Lucy for gave you, and oven in dying shle asked as all to forgive you.. Rise Lena, I weep for such a wasted life as yonrs."' Lena kissed tlhe gentle lhand with reverence. " I will try to live a better one" she sobbed " for your and Harrie's sake. * What are you going to do, Lena ?, 'Go into a convent. When I bid you good-bye now you will seo me no more.' 'I will think of you and pray for yon, Lena,' said Edith, and may God forgive you as I now try to do tile wrong you hlave done my dead. Good-byo. Without a word Lena left her. ' It's a good thing she didn't come to me,' said Annie softly kissing her sleep ing boy, for 1 could never have forgiven her. How you could do so Edith I could never make out.' Edith only smiled gently and lool:.el across at the sheltered churchyard. Pickles was going at last. The carriage wheels round the avenue, and Annie lays her head, sobbing on her cousin's shoul der. Good-bye, dearest- old girl, God bless and keep you. Oh I never thought when I entered little Woodvills how bitterly I would regret leaving it.' 'Farewell, Annie, farewell,' and gay and sparkling Pickles is.gone. Harriet and Ellen are married, and a few years afterwards Herbert came home with a beautiful wife-- no other than our old friend Alice Graham. Esther Car stairs lives sulkily with herfatill-tempered Indian merchant, rolling in wealth, un happy and discontented. Miss Page is Miss Page still, and takes peculiar plea sure in strutting up and down the prin cipal street in Doverdale, evidently labor ing under the impression thather skinny forth and green eyes are an ornament there. Often at the little graves a beautiful young matron is seen, several children by her side. The care of her early life have left but few traces on her white brow, though the eyes are often sad, but her heart is always strengthened by the precious guide of all her life-her Bible -and she prays that through the weal and woe that life may still hold for her it may guido her safely through, and bring her ini the end to the bright, blessed land of her.dear ones where there is no parting. THE END. 