ALEXANDRIA. I A CORRESPONDENT forwards to me, -with a request for insertion, a brief but eloquent article on the lately ruined city of . Alexandria, from the Eichorn 1 2 , , " , . I When Aurclian, following the mission of the Caesars, was conquering the world, and the Caliph Omar, advancing the banner of the Prophet, was beating down the cross, each found it necessary to carry storm and fire into the city, of Alexandria. , Whenever, the Christians of early centuries were in the most belligerent stage, they found it necessary to make some havoc in Alexandria; and now when England goes to her work' in the Mediterranean she finds it to be her duty, or necessity, to point her cannons against the town, to give opportunity to incendiaries, and perhaps make as much havoc of the old pity as did 'Aurclian, or Dioolotian.nor the Caliph Omar, or the Bishops Theophilus and Cyril. It is a matter of infinite pity that this thing should be., Alexandria may be bruised and battered and decrepit, but she is still a link of gold Finding: the. old world to the new. Her streets were rich with memories of the past, though all her monuments were crumbled into dust. ' She is not now the Alexandria planned by the architect Dinocrates, with two. Straight street's crossing each' other at right angles four miles in length, adorned with colonnades, and very regularly built through their whole length. The streets have gone, and the mausoleum of Alexander has gone, and the palaces of the Ptolemies who followed him have gone, and the Posidonium and the 'Serapcion and even the great library founded by. Ptolemy Sotcr, rich with the collected literature of the East and West and that priceless collection of Pergamon which Mare Antony flung as a bauble to Cleopatra, greatest of all a great losses, it also has gone. Very little, indeed, remains,' save a pillar or two and the descendants of the old people who have not much ' changed, but even in that little is enough, to be worth preserving. The relics are almost priceless now, and is it not shameful as strange that we can no more move to our end without destroying them than could Omar 1200 or Civaar. 2000 years ago. It seems that civilisation has not done lunch for us only given us ironclads for battering-ram, Gatling guns for crossbows, and bayonets for livestock spears. We mete out wrong for wrong; and preach the old gospel of force just as readily now as then. Fire and rapine and terror filled Alexandria last week just as they did on that night almost 2000 years ago, when the soldiers of Aurclian laid waste that part of the city called Bruchcium, or when the Allah il-AUah of Omar's fanatics mingled with women's shrieks and men's groans and all the horrid voices of destruction ; or on that still more shameful night when the Patriarch Cyril's Christian monks tore the woman Hypatia in pieces before the White Christ, uplifted in the temple of Jupiter Serapis. is the old way still the only way? is the only difference in the cause of the w as- ? Ciranr fought for a couple e, Omar for a ci led, li England for the recovery of interest due upon a debt. We have no intent to cavil about minor issues now that is the great point of sentiment, and from it springs the chief cause for regret. All the world may join to mourn this fifth destruction of the ancient city, since all the world has interest there. The ghosts of the place are household gods in the island. The wreck of the Khedive's palace may not cause many pangs. That palace brought forth nothing good, but gave to Egypt part of its frightful incubus of debt and to the world this present war It is a very fitting retribution that it should be battered and burned. It held nothing but the vices and follies of the ancients adapted to modern forms. Why should it be spared '! But the streets of the city in which pillage has now been let loose, it is pitiful that they should be destroyed, and simply because it is both the fortune and the fate of war-the old war, whose inward and spiritual force is the same now as at the beginning, eager and inconsiderate as ever, the spirit of destruction that in some fashion pre- pares the way for the entry of new order. Such confessions do not make us much more in love with ourselves, or particularly eager to refute the arguments of a strong but wayward author, who could never see that Birmingham was much better than Etvuria, or Paris than was Athens in the days when Athene sat in the highest place." IT is confidently expected that on the occasion of the University commemoration, Saturday, 29th instant, the new organ will be in a fit state to be played upon. At present the work- men are busily engaged fitting it up, and several gentlemen have already had an opportunity of testing its tone. It was prophesied a little time ago that the instrument would be almost unworkable, from the stiffness of the stops and insufficient supply of wind, but we are glad to say that the doleful prognostications has little or no solid foundation, The stops can be pulled rather more easily than those of most organs, the keys yield easily to the touch, and the only point where improvement is necessary, and where it is intended that improvement shall be made, is in the wind arrangements. At present the bellows have to be supplied with wind by means of a rotary movement worked by hand and though the supply has been found to fulfil all requirements the machinery could, and ultimately will be worked by a gas engine. The tone properties of the organ are excellent, and can be fully appreciated even though some of the notes are not in tune yet. In volume and variety the tone is really admirable. The organ has been placed in the gallery above the main entrance to the great hall, and in order that no portion of the large window might be obscured, the various portions of the instrument have been placed in a somewhat unusual way. Below the window is the console, comprising three manuals and several rows of stops on the left side is the swell and part of the pedal organ on the right, the great organ and the remainder of the pedal organ and behind the organist, and right in front of the gallery, is the choir organ. The main hollows occupy a space under the gallery to the left of the entrance The face of the instrument is handsomely coloured and gilt and harmonises well with the gorgeous tints of the stained- glass window which divides it. A handsome screen, given by Mr. Fitzwilliam Wentworth, is almost complete, and there is little doubt that those who hear the new organ on Commemoration Day will acknowledge that Sir Patrick Jennings's generous gift of £1000 for its purchase, and the additional sum subscribed by one or two other gentlemen, have been well and profitably expended s. M. Herald. " A TERRIBLE revelation of the corruption prevailing in the Russian Administration has been made at Leipsic, where a pamphlet called ' Loose Leaves from the Secret Archives of the Russian Government has just been published. These ' Loose Leaves,' " observes the Dally News, " show that the stories which have from time to time oozed out with regard to shocking scandals in connection with various departments of the Russian Government have been by no means exaggerated. From the very highest officers of the State downwards, all men seemed to think themselves entitled to plunder the Imperial revenues at their will. The Russian Admiralty, in particular, was, under the administration of the Grand Duke Constantine, who has since been cashiered, a perfect hotbed of corruption. A hundred millions of roubles, or, in round figures, twelve millions sterling, have been expended in ship-building in the Russian dockyards during the last ten years ; but it is no exaggeration to say that the value of the ships actually produced was not one-tenth of that sum. Everywhere, however, the most unblushing and systematic speculation seems to have prevailed and it is quite clear that down to the close of the late reign official corruption in Russia was as widespread as in the days of Catherine, It would be interesting to know if matters have improved since." CARDINAL M'CABE (says a home papers the bearer of propositions direct from the Pope to Lord Granville concerning diplomatic relations between the Vatican and England. No formal instructions have as yet emanated from the Pope in consequence of the recent horrible assassinations in Ireland, but it is under consideration to issue orders through the Propaganda to all the bishops in Ireland, desiring them to publish pastoral letters condemning the atrocities and warning their people against evil counsellors, Thofailuroofthorccoiitlyproposed Spanish pilgrimage is regarded as a diplomatic fiasco, and the UnderSecretary of State, Monsignor Fallow, is to be made the scapegoat, He will be sent to an important nunciature, and his present office will be filled by Monsignor Galimbcrti, the author of "I/Italia ed in Tall." At the next Consistory, which is to be held early in June, the name of the last of the Cardinals reserved in peace will be published. He is generally supposed to be Monsignor Blanche, Nuncio at Madrid and it is believed that on the same occasion the Archbishop of Cologne will be raised to the purple. The negotiations for the re-establishment of diplomatic relations with Russia are progress- ing favourably. An apostolic letter on reform- ing the Bnsiliaii monks line just been issued, indirectly treating of union, with the Oriental Church (a great purpose of the Pope's) and milking some reference to Russian affairs. 