3ONSECRATION OF THE RIGHT REV. DR. 'DUNNE, CATHOLIC BISHOP: OF BRIS BANE. .' ' .(Abrlfged romihe Courier.) The sahdent and 'tately coresiionial of tie Roman latiholic Church with its splendour of effect, its mystic symbolism,' its impressive solemnity, lias ?ver forcibly appealeg to the heart of .man aoi'an sranced his imagination. Even giwjth the old Bqec lictine writer; Dosio Claude de Vert, we look only to its literal and obdious meaning, w'e cannot fail to be struck with it grace aria beauty; but if we penetrate slle veiled and spiritual sense, our. natures oiust be lull and insensible indeed if they do notrppvond to lie charm with which it is justinct. In thei g-ott 'umples 'of Catholid Europe, whose immerse prpir. ions permit the dignified flow of long processifol , ind the graceful grouping and easy'neioVment of a large concourse of ecclesiastics-in 'the majestic 'isilicas Roa ome, teeming with thse.oblest eforts if artistic skill-in the listoric churches of Paris, whose lofty pillars and pointhe arches ahd enuless serepestives raise the soul unconsciously into thd ig her regions of devotional thought-in those great inoonments of ancient faith and piety; where ederv thing, from the tessolated paniement to the frittid roof, 'speaks a hallowed language and harminises with the worship for-which they were ere6ted, the 'soul is touched 'as it is nowhere lse: by the' inre than'regal ponp' with which thfe ofices of irligionl ire performed, and the effective use miiade of every influence by which our feelings can,.be moved,an'l. delvated. It is not astonishmg, th'erefore;'that oni undaRy, wheen'one of the most imposlig eereionolies' iof the Catholic Church was to be witnessed-when the Right lev.' Dr. Dunn, 'the latily- appointed Bishop of this diocese, was consecrated to his highl end importanot office a sight such'as fei amongst uE have beheld or agr likely again .to behold-s.the :sourie asseirbled ih slilt o f'the' unfav'raiiv weather 'was one of the' lnrgt arid most, widelyr; presentative ever seen 'irthili' its walls. "'No"'d?f9it .the, motives 'which brought' together th di'lent' tleients of the crowd were varied,'un t it' nsm safely assumed that besides, those of curiosity id piety, one of the most general wais . lihlfelti?hire to show the esteem in which the new prolate ib held I)y people of every creed and grade amongst' o . i To: his own flock his highest recommendation is the com mIission of the-Holy See with. whidh ?hsii charged,. but they do not forget the qualities of:mind uaa heart by which he.has enildred himself'tothemndur ing his long residence in SoutloernQueentlapd, twhile on persons of other,denominations his culture, his Clhristian'cotiitesy; his spirit'o6 tibleance and qsQ ciliatii, have given him claims which they rea?ti) acknowledge. . i '" i Before' the cereinony comimened 6the large assem blage hald ample opportunity to -examine the pre parations which'lhad 'been made; Aimi aR4nust have been strolec sith'thb taslefulodincration'df the high altar, the credit of which is due to Ihe Sisters of Mercy.. The lower part of the maisJghtly:waellU. 4 iid it was covered with a curtain of crimson damael, along, the top of. which ran, in bold letter;, the ap. roeriate lend, :"Ecoe saoerdop maUs, .i in Sieb, illis pacnit Deo et:inventuBeast:'lsta'.'oA the portion of :tle curtain immediately behind the tabernacle was. stretched a magnificent ,piece.,6f Indian embroidery, wrought in thread of. gold-na combination which gave a warmth and richnesi'of coliur geibrally wanting in the altar adordnmesbtat St. ?Stcphpfup. ,On this really. aiistic babkgtotmd • hiilights'sllbne and the floivers gave out theirlbe~to with a most pleasing effect. The high altar waspre pared for the .consecrating prelate, that for the Bishop-elect beihg.tho Altar ofithe lllessed Virgin, i the right-hand aisle.' The cliair of the AreIbop wai'm thnEjiBtle side, and apppiiiýtsit a "~ were placed for the other Bishops who were to take part in the proceadings-the episcopal throne of the diocese of course being vacant. 'A handsome Brussels carpet, preseited by the Catholic ladies of the city for the; occasion, coveredthe floor of the satietuiar,' aid added not a little to the completeness;of the arrangemnents. The wet and, for the moment, un welcome weather,shed its sombsr hue over the entire cathedral, hardly in keeping with the joy of the event to be celebrated, but.not unbefitting its solemuity," reminding 'one of the "dim religious light" of other cathedrals and other climes, and bring ing out into better relief the beautiful'details of the high altar and its surrobuding. The ceremony, which commenoed a little after half- past.11, was ?arried out, with all the, fullntes presciibed in the PotifiEcate Romanum, under the able direction of the Very Rev. Dean Dwyer, aost efficiently assistedl by the Rev. J. J. Horan, and was one which will not soon pass from the meimories -of' those who witnessed it. As the processions poured out from the two sacristies all eyes were strained, to catch sight of the dignitaries who had.come to take part in the proceedings. From the Epistle aide came: the enajnts de clehir, in great numbers, the acolytes and priests in surplice and soutane, and from.the opposite sacristy the deacon (the Rev, J. Canali),,tlhe sub-deacon (the Rev. J. M. Cummins), and the . aistant-priest of thu Mass (the Reot. J. P. C-unoliini fllowed by the Most Rev. Dr. Vaughan?pAkrel bishop of Sydney, the Metropolitan qf tile province, who was the oonsecitting prelate on the occasion. As soon as his Grace was vested for the solemns fune, tion, 'the assistaut-Bishops, the Right Rev. Dr. Murray. of Maitland, and the Right Rev. Dr. Lani an, of 'Goulburn, with the Bighop-ilect and the' Bight Rev;? Dr. Cani, all foni- nttended biy thdir chaplains, came forth into the sanctuary, and thil whlole body of the clergy approached the foot of the high altar together, and remained there fora molnent in prayer. When his Grace, clad in his full 'po.ititi. cals, andl bearing the pallium which the Holy Father confecr mle oin liin some yearsago, was thus surrounded by his assistants, in white copes and mitres, the Bishop of Rocklhampton in his, purple garl, the richly-vested clergy who were to take part in the masa, the elect in white cope and purple biretta., ad the otcr'cclesiastics, each in appropriate attire, the spectacle was one rarely if ever surpassed in an.Aus tralian church. The varied hues, the chaste rid graceful decorations of the sanctuary, the sacred in-, signia that flashed like the Urim and Thummin did of old, the flowers, the lights, the well-trained voices of the choir singing the iree Sacenlo, the reverend' heads bent in lirayer, the rapt attention, the solemn stillness of the immense congregation, could not fail to strike even the most indiferent spectator. Besides those whoso names have been already given, there were present in the sanctuary the Rev. D. J. Byrne, chaplain to the Bishop-elect; the Rev. P. Hand, chaplain to Dr. Murray; the Rev. A. Horan, chaphlin to Dr. Lainigan; the Rer. T, O'Coonnll, chaplain to Dr. Cani; the 'Very Rev. Dean Kenny, the Rev. Dr. Capra, the Rev. J. B. Breen, the Rev. B. Scorteclini, the Rev. P. Corrigan, and the Rev. J. P. Fitzpatrick. The Rev. D. Folhy and the Rev. J. O'Reilly had charge of the arrangements in the body of the church, and it is only justice to them to say that they discharged the trying duties which devolved upon them with aidmirable tact and courtesy. I After a moment spent in prayer, as has been said, the consecrating prelate took his seat on the fald stmol placed for him in front of the high altar, and the ceremony commrenced by the assistant-Bishops pr'esenting to himin the elect. The senior assistant Bishop thet addressed IisGrace as follows:-" Most Reverend FIatlher, our Holy Mother, the Catholic Clhurcl, asks of you to promote the priesthere pre sent to the heary office of a Biiliop." The conse crator dlemalipledl the apostolic inainlate, and this having ieesn read by the liev. J. IB. Brcen, who was acting-notary, the elect was sworn to he obedient to the Holy See ; after whicllh. his examination com ielnced as coiinaminded hiy the Fathers of the Church, and recooiiclided Iy the Apostle, who says "ilmpose not hands lightly upon auy. mani' The FPtlwoe teach that he wlho is choscun for the rank of a Bishop must be most diligently examined with all Clhisitian charity concerning thie Trinity, and interro' gated upon the differeut isatters andl mlorale befitting episcopal government. Tlis is a very solemn part of the rite. Thie Archbis-hop and his two assistants. being seated anil mitredl, asind the elect also seated, tile followinig queoutiino weree put, which are interest mig, as showing the qualities on which the Cathilie Church most insistse in those wlsoIn she calls to a share in heir government ":- "Wilt th,." said thellcconsecrator, "hlothl byword acd example teach the flock for which thou art or laince thlose things whlicll thou understaidost frous the Holy Scriptures ?" and the Bishop elect, rising. adil lifting Ihis biretta, answered, '.' Volu"-" I will."' Again lie was asked : ' Wilt thou reverently receive;, treach, and keep the traditions of the orthodiox Ftthers, and the authoritative enactnments of tlhei Holy and Apostolic Suee " and again lie answered,; "I will." "Wilt thou uniformly rendler to Pcter;' the biessed Apostle to whlom sly God was given the power of binding and loosening, and to his Vicar,i Leo. XII.. nand to his successors, the 'iihop?s of iomino, fidelity, subjection, and hiOdience, accordiigr to the imnjunctions af the canonss ? "" " will." ': Wilt thou restrain thy practices fro.ii nil evil, aid to helie utmost of thy power, God hclping, direct thiemi toallI goou'less e" " I will." " Wilt thou, with God's as istauce, obselrve thyself, and teh othler to obscrveo, hastity and sobriety"" "I will." " .Qtwver. cobitius isabodsmeal Pis tles~l roik .e i eatr ?.ged?froin .earthy:afsi·nsad'iW lar:as oauman idraiv Pimitseetleys.nr • :-: \Yil thou preair? humilityjral p66iide ?ee l?f itld teach the like to others?'" I will.'tit. it thou for th~e)ikZpetod' .holysraB beaffable and n erciful tli por,-to b /s stranmger, and to all in surch, an.athuii qs t ..,oh edgiti g the oama t? pftlpji? .?-u h or of the Old ted New Tel?thitihj. . . Aftepthess im9. jmi.j]t vovei: "Whe' tihe i' f9u OPr fW- recited. mad tlliaArhMfisihs. i' ¢tlQabeps of thed_ itar, the elect ?hssondtict.l.VtblA cI pg d woas -ested with snudal/,.peit ral e ? i g stole, .unic, dlmaltic, ctnouolh andlhnlddad pro 'esdedl to:ytcitetidldrsfi6 eo th?IW .ltane .asly with the consecrating t.l"ithit te high tiatr. Aften th&hadet-hb; a.l ' ain to :Ae Arcellishop, who instructede 'hVi e duties *f his office, saying that the dutii?i~ tBiM hop are o judge, to interpret thetibi eh9h e obla ion, to baptise, and to at --' ajhy hat oomprelheneire sunliishelofnhidifltE, tug d.e irered, the coasedrsat kneltatl -fs , the thor Bishops and degjiaeskl oi'tpft .ote slaoes, and tite elect pcosliteh'atdlj l"mut iie the Litany of the Saints was b i k ie a .olfragcs for the ceremq . i b then took tihe Book of the .e/ls, and, with the ssist tne ~ofitliputtletsr.xtrdpii t ?,ailtlVled itoan the 6'ieha ol totlders of tnte.,lotsttia din-his position it was held till it was delivered t m hiitatt r te tbt abl mark os .'ih idtach it e t,,liopsitaadiitiosE ,f the electi 8pitinm 4aheiasosecsntorb etrn ttdt~dti M o tone the preface of the eass, wll an aeading feature in the rite. .litlit thisiddleof theprepface he .eomeiuappedtthe Vensd OCeasfor k$$tD&iWitch; was beeantifo hyino.waqW . eedUtthe head of the elect wais auointed with chrism, and the grandpre faet,, e iftl ol'uh~satltmea;:ljaayft s La - 3 '...... im ptaye'Va 'tbhlnc itlntuteS81atig feature in the elrbiluSi'eY d the anointingcf the bas- s -' ?q? lJ the crozier w bead aii '¶frii ~vwi, pP~ie~e~~Bb p. sod the ring, having beelt??~i l i ed w a linger. The crozier esi tfid |?ate due forms, the Archbioi tospels ( iishlihi k GP ? l?pq, 1 ahe hloulders of the elect), tddltapr t to the touch of the newly-consecratedsaegcB. ceivethe -OopeIit a _ h itto the people csun iza te'16 powerfol to engeseat H~is grtwejot~i~e..p lJath anda reigaseth world without en?d. "A'eu After this the new 2islhop rci'd b.iT.~~lm ID his chapel. where the ohfin'L i h and hands wi??\idru?tibes?tifa i le. MaPs was continueA dowsdll4ot66 aiffertory, when the eleCt, wit t(s cevribedlteresnnsmulsesaih ofnfering of two wax caad . t 0 l udisear iA6riwrs? Bt 'w consecrator, who re 6E4ed them sitting and jitrnd...Mas.-wavs egsi contiutied to the communion, when both the con secrator and consecrated prelate partakeof theesme hoist and bchalice. At the onlusion of the mas thei mitre of the new Bishop w -s I le n hld hadlfith toleitonfif4Wtecrs and· sbhlsiob ;";,tlhe t.v.es e hBse, . ringbeing remov~l ,? iel@a il Od appropriate prayer. Then the rg' j n'tW( groven hnger, and.:hteehintslbj-frid-oiobl5ilJ assisting prelates, pltl ,tbe,?het?rw1y i his eseat, pet thqeoetslMn.n tho alter, cocomiddih~fDsia vspfs g ~ ·.~ ilr~ ny~';hbroslan thypii i by the choir, the iht Bet nft, tag his first episcopal benedictiont.ot 'ongrga. tin. When they reise4nthi ihd anthem was sing, and"nenaqg td that God the Shephe i& r L h ....ay b 9o"th,. Iwanl n& nzample, ;B· ee~ presides, tihatiwitj thseoleelli? il his eare he may come to. ife,'evedaestiiff;;~au litdd tb ounstonary..ipeverenp?qad aqelqt4wti s tbsgt the lkaeghdt c~~z~itiighljj4prea yq Rrp tseresios jto a close. - . Those who are skilltd idhdclidtldatrd iit nofre to peed to be told that thereis-a depth and a variety bf meaning connected' i~ithi .o ery aig 6rtey ;veseatttl~ioltdispi ioluascoul-cletnmniely do s lolRpsafium, for tustaiecc, wors by the Archbisop SifflV nd him (f the words of Pope SyJmtacolhus, who calls it a bymbol ofdsnppinpit sapalof nsdltdis.IAblsistalivho aiys that hie who wip ift.iep;bejsabisiuiaser of the Great Shepherd, Who eaicred on His shoulder the plesp He lhad lost and foued. The gold and jewelled riug put upon the finger of the new Bishop designates, tmongst other things, that he has become the bride. krrou ioostairoflt-tne1hifi-e= iitlfehl'1? ldve her ith that love which surpasses all others; that he ill defend her in se?son and out of eason from very danger coming upon her; that he will keep er in peace; that hle will be a light and a guide to her ; that hIe will adorn her with the splendid results f his laboer aud is learning : and that lie will eautify her withunoiumentsof his zeal auddoention, o that when death shall come to separate him from her he imay look with satisfied hieart on the rich in heritarce of schools and churches, of colleges and iOnvents, of faithful, loving, and united clildren that lie ICovCs behil4d 9to ho r zLoplfort apd consola. tion. Tieloavened th ewibdi?h w 'h lcarao quaint Sfanein the rito, remaind Iliul af. the ?lqt oUlto?,I p~6ity', \dlht?. h 'ban ?hle:'?h~tieh"cii?;lkll. yi.i: ?resses'bnbade~eca?16di ( th'e leshi ! tie. ?t heraps the symbolic mepnilitgataehed to the gloves l on the new prelate are the nmost toucling of all.; Thpy ae cttlcleump; wepare fhll hyan inceie?tJ writer, of the secrecy which should envelop mosthfL t4le charitable aetions of a Bishop. His hands should ever be ootstretched in pity to the poor-- especially tb the widlow a e ionetps, buthefes allt shlould be doncealed, as these glo-es conceal his hands, as muoh i~p possiolefiomeal meaa ,..; ,, I i? r,.t r SThe R.ghlt Rev. Dr. James iurray, Bishop of Maitlaid, was thqpqnag4" for the day, and delivered 1 an elqoent sermon from the words of the 28th verse of the 20thl chapter of tihe 4-ts of tihe Apostles: ' Take leei to yourselves, anoto your whole flock, whelrei the Holy Ghost Ias plrstged hishops to rule theChurchof God, which le ihad purclhased with His oobu hlood." His lordslip ])r. Dotnne assisted at respers in the evenintg in full postificals. At bene dietion he was cleblrant, a1sisted by the Revs. D. Fonhy and J. B11. 1lreen as diacon andl sub-deacon respectively. The sermon was proschedl by his Grace Avrchbishop Voughan, whoie had been requested by Dr. Duoue to say a few wordls. ''he service on the whole was vrty imtpressive, aill under.the soft light of the altar cuidles the robes ef!thlhBuHiaqp, ,hi p'iests had a ej i' grand cheft?i t'htt 'Saidiatae a slilreidly , recdercd. thnnnoned ltl pI lop (ono p1ttta beinig'tgakdeheit rspeetirelhyby Lilis Tullya?ta " Mr. Sinltttitol. " .... At tle ?tlrt Adelaide State ichdoi iidelalic cl?ases are being intowhitetii witi he s5i6 actidl1 1o1 "the eGovernient. At prce nt a carpc nters' l 'ltDi~ H een proidted for Suatuilty "morning,t iabd 'thrs are to follow. .. , i In responding to the toast of "'iThe Po't of Bris ana." at the htnquet kiveon in thu miutropib , on ' Friday evening laot, to tbhe captain ani oltucra of the B.I.S.N. Ctiipany'n R.M.d. Cuotpta, Mr. W. D. Nisliot, pingieer:in-elhit eofd Htl inlt.holrsa Mid liters epartment, spolke ans follows:--" Tile Bris' n b?e wan oe v of tLe lioest-iveer in Australia- This ;4'e a gluant plort, bqgineljg at lthe wihtves and a.diog at, thbe trio:cr Iotllh. He wao gladi, to say tlhat every' Govaernmooit since he came t theo ' cblonyx bhid hIdu iwno p se? a-withltie unecesity of itpprov~ing th e rive;.. At leingtll tlhey had madtole snlee~oglme s. ¶They ihdl twvi of the Imost po?eerful ilretlge in l0s.. worhl, lwhiclh ?e-re at tliJ tiiee lif thiigO 9 0to." 70,000 to lnf silt per month ll The'l ionti y''ifa or' ' they dil-partticularly the last, lwhiclh was built lierlc-(clerts)-was, prodigioaus,. ad urpassedtl his exlpeclatiots. Bl tle ecd of ithe yea- tihcre ooiul le a strighlt eltnnel 'ito tile river with l?iftt. t dead low caBter. There would Ihe thtin a yet'i'a work binetoae t 'Leggae int oit anrid Brisainne, natlt"e iohd tof a- iith unthee t t -nwt li hv lhmlt.o lto' wartOe'' ri.gt all te uitwy np toe llrishnuc (CleuEr.) Oge tdeg orn. It tIaId emit s.aid tlhat nil thle dttlgibi:'' -oekthuy were doitig aoii ouilt op anti itoust bo:e· doene gaiin. lie ettouhl nsselte tlhtlll titat of ole tile aenl-tIlttie in pallt y'eaas itt the tiaer it hau teoer tilloegly potaU ieLI't. Thl ienetarhctlts were tho. roughlly puttnl~lent.lcl (Clheur.)"' 