9a5 unh a ketrpjir. From Darkness unto Light; OR, LISLE FERRARS' ORDEAL. An Original dnglo-australian Talo, By ORITA. CHmAPEr V.-(Continued.) "Were you acquainted with my cousin, Lisle Ferrars, Mr. Daryl" said Neva. "' Yes, Miss Dundas. I was in the habit of visiting Langi-Lang frequently, and have known Mr. Ferrars ever since his arrival there. I think he is becoming quite cola. nised. You would be amused, I am sure, to see him in bush attire-wide-awake hat, &c.;, &c.; This sort of thing is so thoroughly un English, that I am sure you woiuld scarcely recognise him at shearing, or some other equally busy time, for he has quite dropped into the ways and habits of station life, and takes an active interest in all that goes on." "I dare say it would strike me as strange at first. We know and hear so little of Aus. tralia and its inhabitants." " And what little you do read and hear is generally very erroneous, Miss Dundas. I am very often surprised at the mistakes that are made even in geographical descriptions Letters, too, come at times with most absurd addresses, displaying a lamentable amount of ignorance as to locality at the antipodes." "I have no doubt we shall be better in formed in time, Mr. DaryL For my own part, until my cousin went out to Australia, I scarcely knew there was such a place. The opening of your Exhibitions, I dare say, will tend greatly to give us a better knowledge of the colonies." "Thatis one of the advantages, I hope, to be derived from these palaces of art." " My cousin is very much charmed with the climate and scenery of Victoria. It must be very beautiful, I should imagine." "Undoubtedly I There is not a finer cli mate in the world, and Langi-Lang is a per fect paradise." "1 suppose the Raymonds are old friends of yours, Mr. Daryl 1" "Yes; I have known them for many years. Miss Daisie and Miss Belle are especial favo rites of mine, and Mr. Raymond is a fine old fellow. There are not more hospitable or better-liked people in the Western District; for you know, I suppose, that the part of Victoria in which Langi-Lang is situated is so denominated. Is your cousin likely to re main for any length of time in Australia ? I heard he has not taken up his abode amongst us for good, but contemplated returning to England to reside at some future time." "Oh yes, Mr. Daryl; he may come back to us at any moment," exclaims Neva, for she is confident the mystery connected with her father's death will be cleared up sooner or later; and has not Lisle assured her that when that time arrives he will start forhome by the very next steamer. " Bringing his Australian bride with him, I suppose. How do you like the idea of a colomal cousin, Miss Dundas ?" "I-I-do not understand you, Mr. Daryl," falters Neva, her heart almost stop. ping its beating, and her breath coming short and quick, as she waits his reply. " Surely, Mr. Ferrars has not been so sly as to keep the fact of his engagement to Miss Belle'Raymond a secret from you? Perhaps I have done wrong in mentioning it; but I presumed you knew all about it long ago." Lisle engaged to be married I Neva re peats the words over and over again to her self, scarce realizing their full import. A dumb sort of agony seems to have seized her, numbing the overwhelming torrent of grief that ere long must burst forth to relieve her of this intolerable load of anguish- or she feels she must die with this suffocation at her breast, this dread pressure on her half. paralysed brain. She stillappears outwardly calm, but the effort to remain so is almost too great for her over-strung nerves; yet she manages to choke back her emotion, and sits with rigid face, and tightly- clenched hands, essaying to answer the remarks addressed to her by Mr. Daryl, though his words bear but little meaning to her ear, and her own voice sounds to her strange and unreal. Her only consciousness seems fixed and concentrated in one idea-the only thing alive and sentient about her, all else seeming dead and un natural-that Lisle no longer loves her, is false to her. God help her I One of woman's bitterest lessons has been given her to learn, and the pages will be hard to con, and the meaning deep and difficult to discover, though, if it but raise the soul to nearer communion with the divine Being who is the ruler of all our destinies, the teachings will not have been given in vain, neither for time nor for eter nity. It is only through much tribulation we gain the peace which passeth under standing, and obtain the crown, the pro mised reward hereafter for those who are called upon to bear the cross in this present life of strife and turmoil. Were it not so, many would sink, crushed and hopeless, un der the weight of the trials and afflictions that oppress them. But with this prize in view we can enter the lists and battle bravely on, until, the silver cord be loosed and we lay down our burdens never to re. snme them again. A rude awakening this to Neva's life-dream of love and happiness I The trust and confi. dence she has so fondly reared into such a great and glorious structure, enshrining all that was good, beautiful and true, is shaken to its very foundations: and lo I the image set up, fallen and levelled with the dust, is not of gold, but only the brazen counterfeit. God help such I for humanity is powerless to deal with their sense of injustice and wrong; and if aid be not granted from some higher source, the tortured soul will beat it self, like the captive bird, to death against its prison bars, or, unable to free itself from the shackles that rend and lacerate its feeble strength, may find its end in the blacker death of madness and despair. Neva heeds not the passing moments. Time and place both seem to have been en tirely effaced from her mind by this all. absorbing and predominant idea, and she is scarcely aware that Mr. Daryl, alarmed by the strangeness of her appearance, has quit ted her side, and brought Tits and Lord Strathavon to her assistance. Tita's voice and affectionate solicitude re call back the poor, wandering thoughtsto the present and its surroundings. "Take me home, Tita, take me home I" she wails. and Tita, trembling and frightened at the stony gaze, blanched cheeks and lips, from whence every vestige of color has fled, and ilismayed and terrified at this unlooked for termination to the evening's revelry, does not stop to question Reva, but, leaving her in Lord Strathavon's charge, hurries off to look for her mother, that they may depart as quickly as possible for Elm Court. Lord Strathavon bends over Neva, Invish. int words of tenderest endearment on an lmeost inanimate object; for she has once more relapsed into a state of semi-conscious ness, and the fond expressions of love and sympathy do not reach her half-petrified or ganisation. Sense and feeling alike appear to have died out of her nature. She seems turned to stoneno, and perfectly oblivious of all outward sensations. On Mrs. Tregarth's appearance, she per ceives that Neva is really seriously ill. "I suppose she is overcome with the unusual noise and excitement such a great change I from the quiet she has so long indulged in," she explains, in answer to Lord Strathavon's i anxious inquiries. Men always look to l women to enlighten them when they fail to I see any cause for some unexpectea event; women's discernment being so much quicker and more spontaneous than their own. For, even granted women have not a deeper power of penetration, they generally arrive at soie, satisfactory conclusion before even a man has ventured to form an opinion, much less come to a decision; and they are usually correct in \- their-conclusions.;- In.;this case, however,. though AIrs. Tregarth had given a reason to appease Lord Strathavon's anxiety, it most not be supposed she considered it the true one.' She feltassured in her own mind Neva had sistaided a serious shock to her nervous system, and'at once connected it with some news she presumned she must have heard from lMr. Daryl, relative' to Lisle Ferrars, but what its purport may have beesnof'course she' knew nbt...... .... Elm Court is thrown into utter wonder. met' and surprise 'at the early and unex. peeted' return of Mrs.Tregarth, Tita 'abd Nova; and great'.is the consternation ex pressed 'on all'sides when it is discovered that Miss Dundas has been seized with a sudden' and alarming indisposition. Mrs. Dundas, in her usual. helpless condi tion, can only wring her hands 'and blame herself as the unwitting cause of this fresh dis aster. "Why did I persuade her to go?" she cries, in self- accusation. " My child I my dear, dear Neva I am I to lose her too!" Noeva, on hearing her mother's lamenta tions, rouses herself with a desperate effort, declaring herself much better, and, with:the ghost of a smile, begs Mrs. Tregarth and Tits not to wait any longer, but return to Egerton, as the drive in the fresh air has quite revived her. "But, my dear child, we do not like to leave you," remonstrates Mrs. Tregarth; but Neva still continues her entreaties; and then, Mrs. Tregarth, being a considerate, sensible woman, withdraws with Tita, know ing there are times and seasons when even the presence' of our dearest friends is'a re straint, and we pine for the solace solitude alone can confer. The pen would fail to describe this night of anguish to Neva. ' Suffice it to say, with only God for her witness, she fought and struggled with her sorrow, and on the mor row arose so calm and self-sustained that all Mrs. Dundas' fears were 'allayed, and'she even rallied her upon her "foohishness" of the preceding evening. "Really, my dear Neva, you must endea vour to exercise more self-control," she said. "It is very childish of you to give way in the manner you did last night. You have made yourself quite the theme of conversa tion. There have been no end of inquiries as to the state of your health already. Lord Strathavon rode over himself, quite two hours ago, to ascertain if you were any better. He is certainly most attentive. Pray do not let it occur again, Neva. I am quite upset. It is very unkind of you to try mein this way. You know how dreadfully nervous I have become. I thought my only child would certainly have a little more considera tion for me. But there, it is no use talking. Nobody has any pity for, or studies, me mn the slightest degre;" and poor, weak-minded .Mrs. Dundas subsides, quite exhausted by such an unusual display of energy. CarParE VI. "A note for Miss Neva," says Mary, as she enters the morning room, a few months after the events narrated in the last chapter, with a letter in her hand. "Who brought it, Mary?" asks Nova, taking the missive from her. "Gibson's boy, Miss Neva. He says his father is very bad." "I am sorry to hear that, Mary. But whatever can it contain," thinks Neva, scrutinising the writing, which does not ap. pear familiar to her. She opens it, and reads as follows : "Dear Miss Dundas,-Gibson is dying and desires your presence, as he has somethling important to communicate to you. I should advise you to come as quickly as possible) as I fear his hours are numbered, and there is no time to be lost if you would see him alive. "Sincerely yours, "REGINALD HASTINGS." " From the rector, mamma," replies Nova, in answer to Mrs. Dundas' inquiry as to whom the letter is from. " What can he have to write to you about, Neva !" " He writes requesting me to come at once to Gibson's cottage. He is at the point of death, and wishes to see me." "To Gibson's cottage! Surely you will never think of going, Neva." "WVhy not, mamma? It would be very cruel to refuse a dying man's request. And you know, mamma, it might be something about Lisle," a sudden thought striking her. "In that case, my dear, I suppose you had better go. But won't you take one of the servants with you? It is a long way to Gib. son's cottage, and it may be late before you return." " Oh, no, I will go by myself, mamma. I will be sure to return early," replies Neva, not caring for the restraint of another per. son's presence. She has grown fond of ranib ling by herself, walking "far and fast,"'as was Dickens' wont when troubled or illat ease: one of the best and only panaceas 'in times of great mental anxiety, and which does sometimes bring a little relief to the diseased mind, when all other means have failed to dispel the brooding sadness. Neva is soon equipped for her walk, and, kissing her mother, bids her not to worry about her whilst she is away, and withl a parting admonition to Mary to be sure arid see that Mrs. Dundas has all she requires during her absence, she starts off; full bf wonderment as to what the strange message she has just received portends. " What if, at last, the terrible truth is about to be revealed," she ponders. Her faith is stronger than ever in the belief that Lisle's innocence will be clearly proved in God's owngood time. And as the idea pre sents itself, a deep feeling of joy takes possession of her soulas she thinks even now she may be on the road to hear disclosures that shall remove the blight that has so long shadowed his days, and that it may be her blessed lot to blot out the cursethatrests upon him. With Nova, to'love once is to love always. 'Whateverhappens, she knows that Lisle will be ever dearer to her than aught else in life; and that, when she dies, like Queen Mary, his name will be found engraved upon her heart in letters of fire.- They never loved who dream That they loved once. Everything else may become a thing of the past. "Kingeshakinga decrownedhead"may cry "we reigned once." Tottering "doat ards" mumble forth we once" danced i' the green." All things in life, save this one, may pass away and become but a bye-gone memory; but the pure flame of true love burns on brightly to the last, defying the chances of time and change to dim its ambient lustre, and remains the one immortal part of our being when this earthly monu ment of clay has crumbled into dust verily the "Spirit of God" within us. Ncva walks quickly on across the fields, where lately waved the golden corn and secar let poppies, only a few scattered ears and stray blossoms remaining to mark the spot where they once flourished in such resplen dent glory, but that knows them now no more-down the long lanes, with hedges of wild rose and yellow gorse, a straggling flower here and there alone brightening the fast-fading bhushes-through the meadows, I once so green and smiling, and now so bare c and brown; a single tuft of grass starting t up now and again, as if to give a reassuring J promise of a future return to gladden man's I sight and to clothe the 'earth with beauty. The trees alon"h'her path stand gaunt and grim, the wind soughing sadly through their leafless branches with a melancholy wail. Shec reahes et length the little village, with its rows of whlite houses;which ; in the summer time,' look! so -gay, with 'porches covered ditti deliciouis sweat pea and hodny suckle;. .And small trim gardens,. filled with blue lupins, purple stocks, and red and white clove pmis. Where'tall spikes of lavender and sweetly-smelling rosemary waft fragrant breezes into the tiny lattice-paned 'windows, that give buch a pictureslquo appearance to their humble dwellings. S' he has a kind word and nod for the tidy inmates of each small tenement as she passes by,'s 'they sit busy at their work, or emo ployed in tying up the late flowers that make their poor .homes so pretty and attractive. Pausing, after a' few moments' more rapid walking, at the gate of a 'somewhat more neglected and less neatly:kept garden, she 'lifts the latch and proceeds up the narrow gravel path towards the door,' which is par. tially open; ' ' She' stands for a few minutes, hesitating whether or not to enter. The strange still ness,' broken only by suppressed sobs, and the low murmur of hushed voices, awes her, and the courage that has hitherto sustained her as she sped along on her mournful errand, utterly forsakes her, and she does not ven ture to face the'scene that is' being enacted within those whitewashed walls. The last act in the drama of life. Soon the curtain will fall, the lights be extinguished for ever in this world a scene in.which we moust all play our part some day or another. Death stays not his scythe at lordly palace or lowly cot. He reaps as he goes -the young buds, the opening flower, the full. hlown rose, the.withered blossom. With a relentless hand he gathers them all into his hosom; to' be garnered there till the last great day of account. At length, a sound reaches Neva that bids her' hesitate no longer. Her own name, uttered in piercing accents, decides her. She crosses.the threshold.and gazes within, from the weeping women round the bed of death to the recumbent figure 'laid thereon, with fast- glazing eyes and drawn features. The p arting breath comes gaspingly through the buIns lips, and the death-rattle gurgles in his throat with each feeble respiration. She turns shudderingly away; but again her name, supplicatingly invoked, rivets her unwilling attention. "Miss Neval Miss Neva ! When will she be here? ,Must I die without seeing her, to ask her forgiveness, that my soul may de part in peace ?" and the dying man lifts his hands appealinily to heaven. " I am here, Gibson;" and Neva approaches the bed, the women making way for her to stand :.=.ide it. "Then my prayers are beard." The sight of Neva seems to bid the depart. ing spirit tarry a little longer, that it may expiate its great sin on earth, and obtain par. don of her it has so deeply wronged. The gathering film disappears from the half closed eyes, and the sick man raises himself in his bed with renewed strength-the last flicker from the expiring taper. He beg?iis to speak rapidly and excitedly strange, meaningless words, like the wanderings of some poor, crazed intellect. Mr. Hastings, who until this moment has been unnoticed by Noeva, steps forward and motions the rest to leave the room; and, silently obeying his command, they with. draw, leaving only himself and Neva remain ing with the dying man. ' " (lo be continued.) 