: -; Henry Kendall THE accompanying likeness of the gifted man, whose decease it was our painful duty to record last week, will doubtless prove interesting to the many admirers of his genius who are included among the readers of tho TOWN AND COUNTRY. The graceful fancies in which his poetry was so rich, have often been ex- hibited through tho medium of these columns ; and, in deploring tho loss of tho first of Australian poots, we mourn that of an old and honoured contributor as well. To tho particulars already given with ro ferenoe to tho career of tho sweet singor who has departed, there is little to add. This brief tribute to tho memory of Honry Kondall may conclude with the hopo that tho peace which was deniod him in this " world of strife" has boon realised " beyond the grave." _ As a spocimon of the late Honry Kendall's composi tions, and in somo moasuro a reflection of tho poofs feelings during tho later years of his life, wo reprint the following poem, written by him in 1872 : THE VOICE IN THE WILD OAK. Twelvo voars, when I could faco High heaven's dome with different eyes In days full floworod with hours of graco, And nights not sad with sighs I wrote a song in which I s trovo To shadow forth thy strain of woo, HA' . Dark widowed sister of the grove Twelve wasted yoars ago. i , l But youth was then too young to find v ; ' < Those high authontio syllables ? "Whoso voice is like tho wintering wind . < " By sunless mountam fells ; ? ; ; ;> ' , , Nor had I sinned and suffered then To that superlativo degree > ..:...>; uv.*'-, Thatîl would rather seek than men jj^v-, , Wild fellowship with thoo. > C:¡ " But ho who hears this autumn day > v,i ' Thy moro than doop autumnal rhymo, . , . . Ia ono whoso hair was shot with gray v ?ty By Grief instead of Timo. -v-v-.' He has no need, hko many a bard, . v 1 . To sing imaginary pain, Because he boars, ana finds it hard, The punishment of Cain. ; ; No more ho sees tho affluence , \ " Which makes tho heart of Nature glad j (" For he has lost the fine first sense ' ; . Of Beauty that he had. ^ ^ The old delight God's happy breeza ; Was wont to give, to grief has grown ; . ! ;)'-j And therefore, Niobe of trees, . His song ia like thine own. - ', Vi But I who am that porished soul > s - v. '. \- Have wasted so these powers of mintyv ?'; That I oan never write that whole ": \ '. . Pure, perfect Bpeeoh of thine. >»< ; Some lord of words august, suprome, . .<. v ; 5.-.. : The gravo, grand melody demands s 1 » < ? ' The dark translation of thy thomo Ï leave to other hands. ???Q-^ Yet here, where plovers nightly oall - *, , Aerops dim melancholy leas-» Where comos by whistling fen and fall t ,a The moan of tar off seas- ..?IW.JV^ A gray old Fancy of ton Bits ' ^ ' iffC . Beneath thy shade with tired wings, And fills thy strong, strange rhyme by fits.- .;"'_', ' With awful Otterings. \< ,,t, Then times there are when all tho word» .'^ Are like the sentences of one ,,?:.-,..>'',. Shut in by fate from wind and birds , . And light of stars and sun ! \ ??. "' ; No dazzling dryad but a dark , ? Dream-haunted spirit, doomed to be , Imprisoned, orampt in bands of bark, :. [,, . For all eternity. Yea, uko the Bpeeoh of one aghast \'V " At Immortality in chains, ; :*iî What time the lordly Btorm rides past ; \'1 With flames and arrowy rains 1 :? " pi sóme wan Tithonus of tho wood : -, White with immeasurable years- ' An awful ghost in solitude '"j . With moaning moors and meres ! : ? #v And when high thunder smites tho hill, fy And hunts tho wild dog to his den, -A ; Thy cries, like maledictions, shrill ? And shriek trom glen to glen ! AB if a frightful momory whipped ? > Thy soul for somo infernal crime That left it blasted, blind, and stript A dread to Death and Timo ! But when the fair-haired August dies, And flowers wax strong and beautiful, -v. Thy Bongs aro stately harmonies By wood lights green and cool. MoBtlike the voice of ono who shows Through Bufferings norco, in fine reliof, ? A noble patience and repose A dignity in grief. But ah 1 conceptions fado away, ,'. , . ? . And still the lifo that lives in thee-> ¡ The soul of thy majostic lay '?' Remains a mystery ! And he must spoak tho spoeoh divine " The language of tho high-throned lords, Who'd give that grand old theme of thine Its senso in faultless words. By hollow lands and soa-traots harsh With ruin of tho fourfold gale, Whero sighs tho sodgo and sobs the marsh, Still wail thy lonoly wail. And, year by year, ono step will break Tho sleep of far hill-folded streams ; And Beek, it' only for thy s ke, \- Thy homo of many dreams. One of our iuoat popular pi omhors in lecturing on tho Talmud on Saturday night last, referring to tho stringent laws ol' tho Jews in respect to tho obser vance of th j Sabbath, said that in ono of tho books it was crravoly discussed Whotbor it was right to kill a flea on tho Sabbath dny, or to oat upon ono of their festivals a new-laid ogg ; tho truth was that tho Talmud law was honored, but not oboyod, and espe cially amon-r tho English Jowu there waa an in creasing desire tobo delivered from its galling yoko." Aoonimoroialtrnvollor, named Jumes Cookson, who haB been staying for somo time at Moyso's Hotol, in Goorgo-streot, made a de tu rm nod attompt at solf deatruotion, on Monday, by cutting his throat with a razor. Tho wound ho inflicted was not of a very dangerous oharaotor. Ho was taken to the hospital and attended to by Dr. Clayworth, but as ho ap peared to be snfforing from aborration of mind, he was Bent to ttíb Darlinghurst Receiving-house for modieal treatment. \ 