MOUNT VESUVIUS. A correspondent of The Times, who made the acquaintance of Mr. Longfellow at Naples, relates how the poet insisted on spending the night upon Mount Vesuvius alone. Without a smile on his face, he said, "I want to gather poetic impressions. " We looked becomingly serious and only begged to be permitted to keep watch' with him No," with two or three snakes of the head ; " coast be alone," A whispered consultation between sow members. of - the party followed, '.; He is. quite in earnest and must do as he pleases?' said a brother of the fair Bostnnians, and he added that there was no danger just then of the greatest of American poets meeting with the same fate as the Younger Pliny. "But, the brigands suggested the Frenchman. " Dear me I he will catch such, a dreadful cold," chimed in one of the ladies. Finally, we decided to leave the past to his re- verses, after ordering a Maltese courier to stand sentinel, unobserved, within hailing distance, It, it probable that this courier fulfilled,' at least, the half of his duties faithfully, for his presence was certainly never noticed by Mr. Long fallow. The author of "Excelsior" turned up in the morning, looking none the worse for his night's i frolic with the ghosts of Herculaneum and Pompeii ; but he persistently carried every question put to him as to whether he had found V inspiration," All he would say was that on coming down from the mountain, he had been requested by a gendarme to exhibit his passport, and, being unable to produce this document, had been nearly marched, off to the police station, "I purchased, my liberty for two life," he remarked, smiling; the price of that commodity has decreased since Cour de Lion's time." We have reproduced the above extract as an introduction to the following graphic account of the ascent of Vesuvius by Dr. Agnew and party, which that gentleman has forwarded to a friend in Hobart, who has kindly placed it at our disposal :- > Naples, April 25 1882. Of course, we went for Vesuvius. Some six days ago we started with three good horses in a landau, and after a long pull up the mountain, found ourselves at the lower terminus of the extraordinary railway, which goes up the cone. Its incline is steeper than that of the Itigi, the angle being perhaps as much as 43deg. , Tile car rides astride a Very prominent rail, which is also gripped by a horizontal ' wheel on each side. These lateral Wheels,' I believe, can be made to bite so sharply by a powerful screw that the car could be stopped at any point of its course, even if the hauling rope broke. I should mention that the High cargoes up and down by a sort of "rack and pinion" arrangement on a central rail, whereas the Vesuvius car is a mere matter of haulage by means of a very strong wire rope. If one takes the trouble (as I did to examine the strength of all the appliances, it is easy to see that no danger need be apprehended; but if an outsider merely looked at the car coming down the frightful incline, it is certainly enough to make any one nervous. As we went up, a few puffs of sulphurous smoke swept across us, which I represented to my companion were rather salubrious than otherwise When we arrived at the upper terminus, however, the Sulphur flames were decidedly too strong to be pleasant, and we were glad to rest for a time and consider further proceedings. As matters appeared to im- prove we determined to go on, so after going up a night of steps we came to a place where a number of men were waiting with chairs, which, for a consideration, 20 francs each, were available for visitors who were not equal to the steep pull over the loose, shingly, or rather ashy surface which had still to be surmounted before the crater could be reached. Here, however, a fresh burst of sulphurous smoke covered us, and it was with considerable mis Savings that our courier secured one of the chairs r my companion, which was taken up by four carriers, by means of two poles, after the fashion of a sedan chair. They had only however made a good start when the smoke again became very dense, and some of the men even began to cough from the irritation induced by the sulphurous acid! After a short consultation it was determined that my companion should get back into the car and descend at once to the lower terminus. Though the . sulphur was very annoying, I myself did not fancy the idea of giving in without a further struggle, so, sending the courier back, I started upwards with a guide. He threw a long strap of leather over his shoulder, and told me to lay hold of the end, which I did, A second guide came up as soon as we started and began to push me behind, but this I decidedly objected to, and told him forthwith to be off. I very J. soon found however that the task before me was much more serious than anything I could have calculated on. The ascent itself, over a loose surface, in which your foot went up to the ankles at every step, was something ; but what made it dreadfully distressing was the puffs of sulphurous smoke which swept over us every few minutes, embarrass- ing the respiration at a time when it was already sufficiently taxed by the muscular exertion' required for the climb. On two or three occasions I was on the point of giving in. The consciousness, too, was always present that if only a very slight, increase of the sulphurous acid took place, respira-, tion would become impossible. This was a continuous and a very unpleasant sensation. However, after a time, we surmounted the ashes, and, I then found myself on a surface of great lava boulders, just like large rocks on a sea shore. These were tinged yellow with sulphur, and it may give you some idea of the difficulties we were in when I mention that on several occasions we had to stop till the blinding smoke cleared away sufficiently to enable us to see where we could make the next stop, and there were just the occasions, too, when the air was most filled by the sulphur fumes, and the respiration consequently most embarrassed and distressed. As the clouds occasionally cleared a little, however, the guide was able, after some fashion, which was quite unaccountable to me, to find his way, and at last we stopped at the edge of the crater. So, at least, the guide, in his dreadful Franco-Italian kind of patois endeavoured to tell me, though his voice was almost drowned by the turmoil and confusion of noises going on in front and beneath us, As to seeing I could see nothing but dense smoke ; but I heard a dreadful motion, as of thickened ten matter tossed to and fro, and strik- ing with dull thuds against the sides of a cavity, and it was all the more dreadful from taking place in a mysterious and hidden manner, leaving the imagination to fancy all sorts of horrors, at the secrets of the aya could have been revealed. ( Still it was very provoking, after all he's trouble, to find that nothing but smoke was visible. I waited for some time, hoping some happy puff of wind might mount my indigenous enemy ; but no, nothing so' happy or so cheering, under the dolorous circumstances of the case, took place I shouted to the guide, Mais je, ne pens, near voir. He shook his head in despair, and so I proposed we should beat a retreat. Furious bursts of sulphurous smoke kept by pouring over the edge of the crater, forcing used times to pick our stops with the greatest caution ; but the guide hit the spot he aimed at within some 10 or 20 yards, and then he found ouraolres,at the top of the track down the ashes, to my intense satisfaction. At first I took two or three short steps ; then I went off at a series of leaps and bounds, to use a political expression every step being equal to a dozen going up-and so soon found myself at the upper terminus of the railway, and at the end of my troubles. The fact is we should not have been allowed to go up towards crater at a time when, the wind was blowing the smoke in the direction it was., I met one traveller on my way down who had turned back long before me, driven back, in fact, by the dreadful sulphurous acid vapour. We made a second ascent on a subsequent day, on the other side of the mountain, and this time were more successful. , Hotel du Quirindi, Home : I think this hotel is better than the "Costanzi," in fact the very best ' hotel in Rome 1 I I I i i i 