MR J. DEWHURST'S ENTER- \- TAINMENT. Thei" Mechanics', Institute was fairly attebded'with tn appreciative and fash io?ibld audience last evening, when 1Mr J' Dbohurst, a tragedian of repute from, the principle London and provincial theatres in 'Groat Britain, gave an enter. ttaliment, entitled ""A night with the Poets," which' comprised recitals from memory .from. Shakespeare, Tennyson, Hood, and other authors of renown. Mr Dewhurst has a fine and imposing stage appearance, and a good voiceo. His manner is perfectly free from staginess, and his actions appropriate always, and .well timed. The first item in last even-. ing's programmno was w n rs Norton's pathetic poem, "The Dying Soldier," which, Mr. Deihuret recited in a manner that: at once ,places him in tIo.most favourable terms with, the adieic,,,. anr, the applause that followed.the conclusion of the recitation was liberal in the extreme. Thle iext recitation was'Tennysaon's '.Dora,'' which wnas,;ono of MIr Dolmvhurst's happiest efforts, those present.listening throughout its rendition witi rapt attention. The lin'eof:..th ipoem' seemed to exactly suit Mr Dowhurt'sa voice, and his delivery all through ,was a great treat. A Lancashire competition by Waugh, was rendered in a natural. manner, the dialect being perfect, butto0the majority of the audience the words were quite unintelligible, and con sequently this and the other poem, by the same author,-which was given -later on in the evening, were not' appreciated, as they would be in a town- wherein the phrases ineldeint: to. them: were understood'. .Lo Fenu's Slamus O'Brion, a tale of the Irish rebellion of '98, was delivered by .iMr. Dowhlurst with great spirit and fire, and the tragodian was on several oc casiqns loudly applauded during -the course of the recital. Tom Hood's cole-: brated comicality "13on Battle" was highly iellslhed by those present, the ex ppeeinces ,of, that unfortunate warrior boing recondited by Mr Dewhurst with the jiiaint liiimour essential in making such a :rdtiotion aisuccess... The first portion of lthe emteitainineit concluded with a stir rin rendition of Tdennyson's great poem "Z1Plceharge of the Lightt Brigade. The second part of the programme commoenced with Farmer's touching story of "Little Jimn," ,which MLr De'liurst gave .with all tlie requisite pathos.,, The Gravoyard Scone from "Hanilot;', and in the earlier liart" of. the entietainnient the Closet Scie', i frnom. the same tragedy, both served to show that IMr Dewhurst fully, deserved the, favourable, notices he -re ceived frnm' .,the press of the other colonies for his representation of the philosopher Prince.: The scene from Shakespeare's playof King John, between . Hulbert and Arthur was, rendered .in a masterly manner, whild Edgar AllenPoe's beautiful?oenimof " The6Boll" .was de .liverediin'a atyle that entitled "it 'to rank as the most, enjoyable numberof the evening "Mary's ghost," a ' comic sketch by Tom Hood,' caused a consider-. able amount' of amusement amongst' those whd were enabled to appreciate tihe really admirable play upon, words con taied in it. The Raven was fairly well reicdered, butnot in Mr Dowhurst's best manner; The entertainment concluded with the Lancashire poem by Waugh " Owd Pinder," which had it been under -stood, would doubtless have proved more acceptable. Taken throughout, theenter tainment was a most enjoyableobne .and the manner in which it was carried out reflected credit upon the entertainer, wlibse task was anything but a light'one. The chief fault attribuitable'to Mr - Dew hurst is a 'rather too rapid 'style of 'delivering many passages min the items !he essayes, the 'consequence being that in some inistances tlio words are lost to the listeners'. With' thb -exception of this slight defect', whihii oine that 'can easily be received,. 'Mr Dowliurst is a trago dian of muchinerit, and'doservos'to be come 'opilarr. - He will "appeoar again in Launceatoa 'on Monday night,.when an entire changit:of programme will 'be sub mitted. - 