FRA LUIGI'S MARRIAGE. (From Scribner's Magazine.) "A sad strange tale it is, and long to tell: Would't weary you to hear it, sir? It fell To me alone to witness how he wed, Young Fra Luigi. Years he has been dead, Yet it doth seem but little while ago. I loved him. That is how I came to know What no one knew but me. "'Twas on a day When all roads out of Rome were bright and gay With daisies and anemones; the spring Thrilled every little lark and thrush to sing; So full the sunlit air of bloom and song, An hour seemed but a magic moment long. You know the grand Basilica they call Paolo Santo, past the city wall? 'Twas there. "The tale is strange, almost I fear Lest it seem false unto your foreign ear. But you may trust it, sir. I loved him so I knew what she who bore him did not know. The day—this spring day full of song and bloom— I hear those larks yet singing in the broom— Had been for months appointed as the day When he—his friend Andrea, too—should lay His worldly garments at the altar down And take the Benedictine cowl and gown. Perhaps you've seen that service, sir? "Nay! Then You'd like to hear how they make monks of men. I've not forgotten it. I loved him so Each thing that happened on that day I know As it were yesterday." "A monk? You said Your tale was how the Fra Luigi wed." "Ay, so it is." "Did take the church has bride? That is no secret marvellous to hide Behind thy phrase." "Nay, no such empty phrase Above my tale its idle shelter lays. The Fra Luigi's bride had face more fair Than any blossom in that spring-time air. I stood that day the nearest to her side. And well the face of Fra Luigi's bride I knew, for I had served her house when she First gladdened it by her sweet infancy. Stern sat the Abbot in his snow-white chair, Between the violet marble pillars fair. The columns of red porphyry shone and gleamed Beneath the yellow quivering rays that streamed From myriad tapers making light so fast Tihe gorgeous Baldacchino scarce did cast A shadow on the altar underneath, Or on the faces cold and still as death Of all the Benedictine brothers placed In solemn circles which the altar faced. The priests' robes blazed with scarlet and with gold; The swinging censers flashed with gems untold, And music wildly sorrowful and slow All down the shadowed aisles went echoing low. As men who walked with heaven full in sight, Their faces lit by supernatural light, Luigi and Andrea came and knelt. The silence like a darkness could be felt In which their voices rang out young and clear, Taking the vows so terrible to hear, Obedience and poverty till death, And chastity in every act and breath; Between the vows sweet-chanted prayers were said That they might keep these vows till they were dead: Ah me! I think the good God sorrowed then To see such burdens laid on mortal men. Next came the kiss of peace. In every eye Sprang tears, as gliding slow and noiselessly Like ghosts, the Benedictines one by one Embraced and kissed each novice. "All was done Now, save that last, most dreadful sight of all, The dying to the world. "One gold-wrought pall Of black the acolytes laid on the ground. The music sank to lower, sadder sound. Another pall was lifted high to spread Above the bodies. "With a joyous tread Luigi came to lay him down. Once glance He lifted—oh, what sped the fatal chance? What cruel fate his ardent eyes did guide Unto her face who had been born his bride? I saw the glance. I saw the quick blood mount Her cheek as well as his. No man may count How swift love's motion in a vein can be; Light is a laggard, by its ecstasy. 'Twas but a glance:—I said this tale was strange— Might seem to you but idle—such a change Did pass upon their faces, his and hers, As comes upon the sea, when sudden stirs A mighty wind. More ghastly now and white Than he were dead, Luigi's face. "The rite Went on. The pall upon their forms was dropped Rigid they lay, as if their hearts had stopped: The candles flickered down: the light grew dim: The singers chanted low a funeral hymn; The mother's sobs broke on the stifled air; For living sons lay worse than lifeless there. At last the pall was lifted. Now commands To rise in name of God were read. With hands Unsteady in his joy, the Abbot pressed Their brows, and with his benediction blessed The new-born men. "Triumphant now, and loud The Mass went on. The new-made brothers bowed And knelt in prayer beside the rest. "At last The tedious Mass was done. With eyes downcast, Slow-moving, one by one, the monks arose. The silent threshold of their cloister close They silent crossed. Luigi did not rise. Thinking him rapt in prayer, with reverent eyes And hands crossed on his breast, the brother next Stood waiting—waited long—at length, perplexed, He bent him down, and gently on his arm Laid hand: awe-stricken, in a quick alarm, Upon his knees he fell; Luigi's head He lifted. It fell back. "'The man is dead!' He cried. The monks in wild confusion bore The body swiftly through the cloister door. Some women shrieked and fainted: and the crowd Went surging from the church with murmurs loud. None saw but me one white and anguished face, Fair as a broken lily in its grace, Luigi's bride. With slow unfaltering feet And a composure deathly calm and sweet, She walked the long and columned aisles, nor bore More heavily than she had borne before Upon her father's arm. "Next day, all Rome Was ringing with the tale how God called home, In the first moment of his sacred vows, The young Luigi. Well the priesthood knows How best to turn to good account each thing Which sets the multitude a marveling. And it was well, Luigi's mother thought, Her son so soon had certain heaven bought. But I—I knew it was the heaven he lost, The terror of the other heaven's cost, That broke his heart: and I, too, said 'twas well, The grave was better than the cloister cell! And when a few months later, 'neath a mound Which daisies whitened still, and while the sound Of larks still lingered in the summer air, Was laid Luigi's bride, so young, so fair, I said that, too, was well: that heaven was kind, And in some world she would Luigi find. They called it Roman fever, and they said She took it on that day the young monk dead Was found in San Paolo; that the place Had always deadly been! a sad disgrace Benedictines there to double death Were doomed. And thus its ignorant, idle breath The world a brief space spent and then forgot. But I—I loved Luigi. I could not Forget: nor never will : my tale is true. I loved him so: that is the way I knew." 