ANOTHER SMUGGLING j ADVENTURE. CUSTOMS V. DOBBIN AND BRENNAN DEFENDANTS FINED £25 EACH. Frank Dobbin and Edmond Brennan, suspected of smuggling on the 27th instant, were brought before Messrs Aitken, Pearson, and Kelly, Js.P., yesterday, at the Wil liamstown Police Court, charged with having unshipped uncustomed goods on that day, to wit, three hundred cigars, liable io a duty of six shillings per pound. Senior-tide Surveyor Hammond appeared for the Customs, and Mr Croker defended the accused. The first witness called was Richard Neal Down, who deposed he was an officer of Customs, and was on board the Orient between six and seven o’clock on the morn ing of the 27th instant. Saw Dobbin on board. He had a parcel under his arm, which he subsequently took down the gang way and handed to Brcnnau, who put it into the bottom of the boat and covered it with an old bag. The parcel produced was the same, and contained cigars liable to six shillings per pound duty. Defendants then left the Orient, and he followed their boat. He afterwards received the cigars in Elworthy and Dobbin’s shop, where be asked defendant Dobbin what he had in the parcel, who replied, “Three hundred cigars.” Witness then took defendant to the Custom House. Saw Brennan also in the shop, when Dobbin said that he (Brennan) was only acting under hiB orders. He then gave them into custody. Would positively swear that the parcel produced was the same as bad been placed in the boat by Brennan. Was looking through a port on board the Orient neatly over the boat. It was daylight when the occurrence took place. The reason why he did not Btop them at the time was that he thought they might go into the Custom House; To Mr Croker : He objected to furnish reasons as to the methods in which he con ducted his business. About one minute elapsed from the time he had lost sight of Dobbin after landing till he entered the shop with the parcel under his arm. Witness had observed the parcel too well to be mistaken with regard to its identity. It was the same as was in the boat. He had heard of a man’s ship-friends giving him a present, and would consider the taking ashore of one up to half a-dozen cigars a trumpery action, still it was smuggling. He should refuse to answer if ever he had taken on shore any York hams. These latter were liable to twopence per pound duty. He considered that if Mr Dobbin took a parcel on shore, and was even unaware of its contents, it would still be an offence. He received a salary of £175 per annum, also overtime and a share of penalties, but not plunder. He had signod the watchhouse charge-book charging defend ants with smuggling, but it was at the Com missioner’s option to alter the charge. Witness landed at the Breakwater pier, and defendant at the Gem pier. He had the boat in sight nearly all the time. Alfred Thomas Leonard deposed he was a boatman in Her Majesty’s Customs, and was on duty on the day in question on board the Oriert. He saw Dobbin on board that vessel with a parcel under his arm. To the best of his belief the parcel produced was the same. Witness afterwards saw him go on board another steamer, the Aberdeen, and afterwards leave her. He was not present when the parcel was opened, but saw it after at the Custom House in the charge of Mr Down. He never saw the parcel in the To Mr Croker: The parcel looks like the same as that seen in possession of Dobbin. Both boats left the Orient about the same time, and went to the Aberdeen. Mr Dobbin’s boat left the Aberdeen first, by about ten minutes, but witness did not notice her course in particular. The Custom’s boat stopped at the Break-water pier, and landed Mr Down. Defendants’ boat did not go to that pier. Would not like to swear that a person could see a parcel in a boa4 from that pier to where Dobbin landed. •Witness had not seen Mr Dobbin since, till this morning. This concluded the case for the prosecn Mr Croker submitted that the Customs had not a ghost of a case. No smuggling had been proven. The authority from the Commissioner of Customs to prosecute was signed on the 2Sth, and the defendants were arrested on the 27th. He contended that defendants, having been arrested should have been tried under the 172nd section of the Customs Act, which provides to sue simply for the value, double the value, or treble the value of the contraband goods, at the discretion of the court; whereas, the 165th section, under which this information was now laid, and in which it was elected to go for the £100 penalty should be charged by summons. The Commissioner of Customs signed anything that was put before him, and Mr Down was anxious for the higher penalty, as he received so much of the fine ; as in the event of a conviction he would gain £50 by the transaction. Another technical ground he should urge was that defendants should have been brought before a justice of the peace, and formally admitted to bail. With regard to facts, Mr Down tried to bolster up his case by swearing that he never lost sight of the boat from the time she left the Aberdeen, It was impossible for any man to see into the boat at the dis tance he was removed from her. The fact was Mr Dobbin was taking a parcel ashore for some friend without a knowledge of its contents.--Dobbin had not gone about the matter secretly, but publicly, and gave the parcel into his man’s charge with the Customs’ boat alongsidg. He would point out to their worships an important clause in the Evidence Act, showing that it was im portant to show an intention to defraud. He wished to put defendant Brennan in the box if allowed. Mr Hammond objected but the Bench decided to hear his evidence. Edward Brennan stated he was a boatman in the employ of El worthy and Dobbin. He arcompanied the latter on the occasion of boarding the Orient. Mr Dobbin had thrown the parcel to him from the gangway ladder and he first allowed it to remain uncovered in the bottom of the boat for some time, but afterwards put it under the thawvt and covered it with his jumper. All this time the Customs boat was lying astern of their own. . Had witness known the the parcel had contained smuggled goods he would have thrown it overboard. When he, saw Mr Down he was walking .the deck of the Orient. Mr Dobbin and 'witness landed at the Gem pier and had leisurely moored the boat and was coming up to the shop when he saw Mr Down running towards it. This was fully five minutes after Mr Dobbin had gone up. He (witness)' did not even know what were the contents of the parcel at the present time. He had been tried for smuggling before but the case was dismissed. The Bench after a slight consultation fined defendants £25 each or six monahs imprisonment. • Mr Croker wished to give formal notice of appeal under substantial sureties, but the Bench refused to entertain the application. The fines were paid in a short time. A lady who prided herself upon her extreme sensibility, said one day to her butcher, “ how can you follow such a cruel profession 2 Ah ! how can you kill the poor little innocent lambs ?” “ Madam 1” cried | the astonished butcher, “would you prefer 1 cooking them alive ?" 