THE LATE CAPTAIN G. B. JOHNSTON. The funeral of Captain George B. Johnston took place at Goolwa on Sunday, June 18. As the deceased had endeared himself through life to many, he had a large circle of friends. As the day drew near many persons from the other colonies, as well as from distant parts of this colony found their way to this quiet township. From Adelaide, especially, there was a large representation. At 2 o'clock the scholars of the Wesleyan Sabbath school (of which he had been a super intendent) assembled in front of his late resi dence. The Rev.G.W.Patchell having con ducted a short service in the house, got the children to sing one of the captain's favorite hymns. Then the procession, about a quarter of a mile long, proceeded towards Currency Creek cemetery, the scholars and teachers going in trucks by the tramline. When reaching the Creek station, in addition to the children, they were met by a large body of the Oddfellows and Foresters of Port Elliot and Victor Harbor. On approaching the cemetery the already vast crowd was augmented by hundreds of country people. The Rev G. W. Patchell conducted the service according to the form of the Wesleyan Church, of which Mr. Johnston had been a member for many years. The Oddfellows also had a service read, after which the minister gave out the last hymn which the captain had sung before his death, and the greater por tion of the people joined in singing it heartily. In the evening a service was held in the Wesleyan church, Goolwa. There was a large congregation, the nave of the building being quite packed. The Rev. G. W. Patchell took for his text Rev. xiv. 13—" And I heard a voice from heaven saying unto me. Write, blessed are the dead which die in the Lord from henceforth; yea, saith the Spirit, that they may rest from their labors, and their works do follow them." He said :— Christianity affords man the noblest views of life, and awakens the highest and purest thoughts, hopes, and feelings respecting the future. It satisfactorily solves the great pro blems of Life, Death, and Eternity. It dispels the darkness which rested on these subjects for ages, and gives us clearly to understand them. We do not bend over the graves of our departed friends, and with palpitating hearts and with weeping eyes mourn as those who have no hope. For we have a hope—a living hope—and we know that although the earthly house of this tabernacle be dissolved we have a building of God an house not made with hands, eternal in the heavens. The Apostle John in the dreary Isle of Patmos had many and glorious revelations. The light of God's countenance shone upon him, and this made his banishment enjoyment. It cheered his spirit, comforted his soul, and strengthened him to submit to and bear the afflictive scenes of his life. The Roman Emperor who trans ported him to this rocky, barren, miserable isle in the Grecian Archipelago might confine his body within certain limits, but his soul was free —free to be happy in the favor and revelations of God. By these revelations he saw the conflicting scenes of the moral world; the triumphs of truth, holiness, and righteous ness over error, superstition, and sin, and the universal extension of Christianity. He was also permitted to look into the invisible state, and become acquainted with the condition of those who had served God on earth, and who had entered the world of spirits. My text is a verse in proof of this. In directing your attention to the subject of this passage we propose, in the first instance, to make a few observations on the state of the dead ; in the next place notice the character and blessed ness of those here mentioned; and then the security given not only to console us in the death of pious friends, but to guide and sup port us in our own course to heaven. May God help us to meditate aright on these important words on this solemn occasion. I. Man was made in the image of his Maker, a feature of which was immortality; but when man sinned he lost that image, and his body became mortal. It was then announced to him by God, "Dust thou art, and unto dust shalt thou return." By sin death entered the world with all its woe. Respecting death there have been strange views entertained. Some have spiritualised it into an angel; others transformed it into a demon. The flights of poetry have clothed it in various aspects; but " Death and his image rising in the brain bear faint resem blance—never are alike." Philosophically speaking, death is the reverse of life. St. Paul, who studied the subject in its mys teriouness, applies to it the word "un clothed.'' To die is to be " unclothed." This is the most beautiful and appropriate descrip tion that ever was uttered by mortal lips. The soul is distinct from the body, and when it departs it is stripped of its earthly cover ing ; it is no longer encumbered with flesh and blood, it is untrammelled and free. Looking at the dead body as it is a strong feeling of melancholy comes over us, and we do not wonder that from particular appear ances a high degree of alarm was excited in ignorant minds in regard to the future, feature exhibits little or no difference between the death of the beast and that of man. There seems with many a general decline in soul and body. Death seems to close the scene, and the grave to put a period to the prospects of man. The words of Job, xiv., 14, clearly sets forth this anxiety of mind—" If a man die shall he live again?" There i? hope of a^tree if it be cut down that it sprout again, and that the tender branch thereof will not cease —*' Though the root thereof wax old in the earth, and the stock thereof die in the ground; yet. through the scent of water it will bud and brine forth boughs like a plant, but man dieth and wasteth away; yea, man iriveth up the ghost, and where is he?" Annihilation is a thought we cannot bear. To be an outcast from existence, to mingle with the dust and be scattered over the earth as if the breath of life had never animated our frame, is a thought so dark and so intolerable that we dare not entertain it. Is that which was more ?ahmbie thai; the whole material universe crushed into nonentity like a worm': Is tlat which shone brighter than all the stars, extinguished ss a transitory spark V Having one moment opened his eyes on the evidences of the boundless wisdom, goodness, and glory of the Almighty, is man to close them the next moment in eternal darkness ? It is not so. It cannot be. The Star of Bethlehem hath frhone on the shade* of death. Life and immortality are brought to light by the uo^ih'l. Death changes the mode of our lieinK, but the existence remains. All souls are living. The soul by death is simply "un clothed. The perceptions and sanctions and feelings are freed from everything earthly and material, and are in possession of a degree of perfection infinitely above everything which they had while living in this world. The unclothing of the body may be only the perfection of consciousness in relation to thugs eternal. When the body is put off and left here —when the spirit i-s '? unclothed"—it becomes awfully conscious of the presence of God, of the presence of other spirits, and of the full nature of the state into which it has entered, whether of happiness or misery. The state of the dead is not a state of oblivion, but one of perfection in knowledge in reference to eternal and spiritual things. But we are directed by this passage to some of the dead whose character and blessedness claim our notice and attention. They are those who die in the Lord. This refers no doubt to those who died in and for the cause of their Saviour, many of whom *' were stoned,"' ** were sawn asunder," were beheaded, were roiled down hi?<? in spiked barrels, were burned to ashes at the stake, and whose dust lies mouldering in the catacombs of Rome, around the mountains of Switzerland, and iv the dust of Smithfield —in a won), the noble army of the martyrs of every land and of every tongue—these died in and for the Lord. But the words also apply to all the pious dead. They have " fallen asleep iv Christ;"' they are ** the dead in Christ;"' they " died in the Lord."' From this it may be inferred they lived at least a portion of their time iv the Lord. With some their service iv this life is longer than ?ith other*. But with all who thus de parted a vital union existed between them and their Saviour. At some time previously they humbly and believingly consecrated themselves to Christ. They experienced God's pardoning favor, His adopting love, and His renewing grace. Thus, having taken refuge in Chriw. and being accepted, the great union was established. This union was not mei-elj nominal anil external, but l-oal aud internal, illustrated in Scripture by "a marriage tie" by the head of the body and its members, by a '?vine aud its branches. 7' This union is the source of life and activity. It seals the Christian's title to eternal life. AU the Christian Li-aces, all the fruits of righteousness which bloom in the vineyard of the Lord and adorn the lives of Christians, owe tlieir productive origin to this union. Our Saviour said, " Abide in Me and I in you, I am the vine, ye arc the branches. As the branch cannot bear fruit of itself except it abide in the vine, no more can you except ye abide in me. Without me ye can do nothing." Now he who "dies in the Lord" has this union when death comes. It is not that he once had it, but he has it at that final and solemn moment. Christ is his accepted Saviour, and he is saved in the Beloved. Thus bis lamp is trimmed, bis light is burning, ho has on the wedding garment, and he m Me? pared for the coning d Iris Lord, whether it be at evening, midnight, eockcrowing, or ia the morning. What f say, however, m not intended to exclude a late returning prodigal from the hope of salvation. Thoagb most men die as they life, there nay be ezcep tioaalcaiea. Borne may find nercy r like the penitent thief, at the eWreathhour. Tom U for the encouragement and hope of all-who have xeglected to prepare to meet God till life is about to close. Butlet it not be looked upon as a licence to squander life's short day in sin with the hope that mercy can be had at toe last moment. Such is a pendventure full of uncertainly. The penitent thief it a peculiar oase, and the onfr ease on recowL Don't leave th* sebUementofthe vast concerns of youreteraal interests to your last moments. To be prepared when the summons from God is given is of tlie greatest importance, Happy they who are thus found. "Blessed are the dead that die in the Lord." The blessedness here spoken of embraces the < njoyment of deliverance and anticipation— " they rest from their labors and their works do follow them." The word " labor" has been ? efined " the act of doing what requires } ainf ul exercise and wearisome perseverance," , nd is often usedfor trouble. Tne word " res*"* is of an opposite meaning. It means a state <f tranquillity, freedom from all that- dis turbs and wearies, and the possession of that which invigorates and gives high gratification and pleasure. Hence it is not a word which i elates to a state of unconsciousness. When, the mind has been haiassed with business . nd the body overtaxed with labor, the pleasant relaxation which a man feel* in the evening in the bosom of his family, in the free and pleasant exchange of social intercourse, may by him he regarded as rest. When a penitent soul laboring and heavy laden comes to Christ and believes upon him with bis whole heart, he findsrest; but still he nuwt live in this world, where perfect rest- cannot be enjoyed. There is a necessity for constant prayer, for anxious watching over the de ceitful heart, against the snares and tempta tions of the world, and against the wily foe of righteousness. There is careful atten dance on reading, exhortation, doctrine—but all these shall have an end. Volumes of divinity, pulpit ministrations, warnings and advice&offiiendswillno; longer be necessary. Prophesyings shall cease, tongues shall fail, knowledge in the imperfect manner in which it is now attained sball.be done away. From all that is harassing and wearying there will be release and rest. And from all natural evils, too, there will be rest. From the ravages of diseases, the wasting inroads of consmnp* t ion, the burning excitement of fever—from racking pains, depressing melancholy—from diseases and griefs innumerable —all tears, sighuig,| and sorrow are done away. All reproaches, persecutions, and imprisonments for the cause of God terminate. Here enemies of God and tyrants to the good have ne power. The wicked cease from troubling and the weary are at rest. The good fight is fought, the course is finished, the goal attained, the victory won. The soulreposes [ in the en joyment of God, the npiiAprtaiiaiiip 1 rejoices in the possession of a degree of strength and widespread knowledge of which | it had no just conception before. In this world the discovery of a little knowledge causes the heart to leap for joy, and "Eureka" is trumpeted round the globe. ! But what wSI be the joy when the vast i sphere of heavenly knowledge is exposed to our view. Memory, never at rest, retraces with | quickness the gradations of God's provi dence, the exhibitions of His ieve,and the numerous acts of His mercy; the affections exult in the fruition of fulness of joy and pleasures at God's right hand for evermore. Here is association with the highest, purest, sad brightest spirits of creation. Here i* a grand assembly of spirits, andeyerincreasing, ; or they are constantly coming, from the east ! :ndfrom the west/and from the north and ; from the south. This is the heavenly Sabbath, the eternal rest. What high emotion most j revail in these realms of bliss. The language of the text directs us also to the enjoymentof anticipation. "Theirworks dofoDov them." Ibis carries us on to the judgmentof the great Oay, when the good reahsed by their worirs in his irorld will be duly tabulated for reward, heir works do follow them—not precede them. Union with it is the immediate cause of their salvation, but tint union does not precede from their works; rather their works proceed from that. Their entering into rest is the result of union with their Saviour, but their works are spoken of as quite a distinct thing from this. Thousands of years of rest may be enjoyed before their works mad re ward shall stand forth together. There shall be increased reward by them. "Behold I come quickly," said the Saviour, "and my reward is with me to give to every man ac cording as his work shall be." Not, you wfll observe, as his work wax, or as it is, bat as it "shall be." This shows a propriety in the judgment taking place at the end of the world's existence. A difference may be drawn lietween a man's personal character, gmtwraf! i?<r as it does the principles of action and the actions themselves. Principles are inseparably connected with ourselves, but actions am their offspring, and become the property of others. The offspring of principles may be words, actions, or writing. These go fromns and live, and operate independent of us, and may live and operate until the day of eternity. Ko one can tell what bis works shall be until ' the judgment day. There cannot be any mature judgment when a man dies. A man's works are not prepared for judgment then; they survive him, remaining when he has I?ssed away, exercising an influence when he is forgotten, and operating with a power, the foil effects of which cannot be known until Time closes. Is it not so with the words and actions of Christ - And if we may respectfully mention the names of His servants with their master, who would say martin Luther is dead, in this world, or J. Wesley, or thousands oE others. Their works are following and pro ducing an amount of good that wfll increase their reward, when they shall be judged. And so with all good people. It is not true what Shakespeare says, *zThe evil that men do lives after them, the good is oft interred with, their bones." The good is not interred, it lives, and works, and operates beneficially on many. Whether the good done was in words, or actions, or writings, it carries with, it a power that will last until the end of Time. And when the God of infinite wisdom esti mates the good a man has been the means of c oing He will rewardhim accordingly. Then. the soul reunited with the resurrection body will enter fully into the enjoyment of the blessings of glory. This will be heaven—" aa inheritance not made with hands—eternal in. the Heavens." The most glorious thought which can engage our affections or command cur souls is an eternity of glory. Think of . life of happiness intbisworldending; think if glory beginning; think of years, ages upon ages, millions upon millions, countless as the sands which hem the sea, countless as the stats which light the firmament, and what these [end there is. still "fulness of joy and pleasure for evermore." Sorely this is doty —a weight of glory—an eternal weight of glory. The strongest effort of imagination will not enable us to form more than a faint glimpse of the ascending vista of everlasting life, pictured out in the receding and still re ceding immensity that lies along in tile rat abated and unabridged perspective of -glory. . There you have scene after scene, fouttatn after fountain, mansion after nansw?, gloty upon glory, perpetually opening and bunting upon the view in higher, loftier, more mag nificent bloom, enrapturing with beauty, gorgeousness, and glory, which fuUy meet the highest aspirations and immwtal longings of the redeemed in Heaven. Now we shall briefly notice the security given for all this— '"£ heard a voice from Heaven saying unto me, Write, Blessed are the dead which die in the Lord from hence forth ; yea, saith the Spirit, that they may - rest from their labors; and their works do follow them," How impressive was this to a man alone in a wretched island. It was delivered in snch a way that he was not likely to forget it, aad this was the object of God. He wished it to be remembered and to be pro claimed to his people throughout all ages for their comfort and nope. In addition to these impressive circumstances he was commanded to "write."' What is spoken is often of short duration, but what is written is to abide, to last as the Word Of the Divine Spirit for all time. Here then is a security we dare not doubt. It is heavenly security. It is God's. His words are founded on infinite wisdom, sovereign good ness, eternal mercy. This is an unfailing assurance. Here our hope stands on a rock. God is uot man that be should lie, or the son of man that he shouldvenent. Hath he not promised, and shall he'not perform. Iti?: true —true for us all. Hallelujah, praise the Lord! Kow I will give a portion of the sketch of Captain Johnston's life, supplied by Mr. T. Goode, jun. .-—"George Bain Johnston was born at Cockenzie, in the county of Haddington, Scotland, on the 28th November, 1829. He was educated at Steel's hospitaL parish of Tranent. At the age of 15 years he became an apprentice on board the schooner Mary Donaldson, under Captain James Donaldson, in the employ -of Mr. Hugh Francis Cadell and served four years in the foreign trade. At the expiration of this time he went to England, and in 1852 came to Australia. The following year he joined Captain Francis Cadell and came round to Goolwa. His first expedition on tbe river was to take a survey of the Murray from Went- worth downwards in a small boat, marking the channel in order to ascertain where the obstacles in the river lay. His first voyage was with Captain Cadell, in the River Murray Navigation Company's steamer Lady Augusta. In 1855 be became captain of the Albury steamer, just newly launched from Glasgow, and was the first to reach Albury. On arriving at Moama he met with a serious accident, caused by the punt rope not being slackened down at the report of tbe whistle, consequently he was thrown into the stoke- hole, breaking his leg and two ribs—-this being the third time the same limb was broken. The residents of Albury were overjoyed at seeing Captain Johnston and steamer arrive there, gave him a banquet in honor of his great achievement, and also pre- sented him one hundred sovereigns, which were expended in a magnificent silver cup suitably inscribed. After continuing in this trade for several years he joined partnership with Mr. Charles Murphy, purchased the steamer Moolgewanke, and soon afterwards the Albury. By their strenuous efforts they prospered and became large steamboat pro- prietors and merchants on the Murray and its tributaries, and the firm of Johnston and Murphy became well and favorably known far and wide in connection with the river trade. In 1864 they built the Maranoa, fitting her up as a stern-wheel boat for river trade. In 1865 Captain Johnston went home to Scotland to superintend the building of a paddle-wheel steamer, and named her the Murray. After being loaded there she sailed out under canvas to Port Victor, and thence on to Port Adelaide, bringing as part of her freight a small screw. In 1873, the firm of Johnston & Murphy dis- solved partnership, the business being carried on by Captain Johnston alone. Being desirous as ever of seeing the river traffic carried through the river mouth, he again vailed for Scotland in 1877 for the purpose of superintending in person the construction of a suitable vessel The Queen of the South (on arrival of which Captain Johnston was presented by his fellow-townsmen with a handsome silver epergne) did good service in the trade for which she was intended during the busy season of 1878 and 1879, and many will long remember the plea- sant voyages made in that good ship with her brave, skilful, and kind-hearted commander. He also built the Cadell, one of the finest of river fleet, fitting her up with engines brought out in the Queen of the South; and later constructed at Goolwa his last vessel, the Monarch, said to have the largest carrying capacity of any barge on the rivers. The business during the last few years has been carried on in partnership with Mr. Kirk- patrick, of Wilcannia, under the style of Geo. Johnston & Co. By the death of Capt. John ston, the river trade has lost one of its earliest pioneers and most successful navigators, and South Australia a loyal, intelligent, and enter- prising colonist. Capt. Johnston's courage and skill are well known. He is said to have saved no less than fourteen persons from drowning, and was a recipient of the Royal Humane Society's medal. Though so in- dustrious and enterprising in all matters of business, our lamented friend was one who believed that a man's life consisteth not in the abundance of the things which he 'possesseth.' He was a liberal earnest Christian, and strove to follow amid the daily engagements of a busy life the teachings and example of the Master he loved to serve. He became associated with the Wesleyan Church in its very infancy at Goolwa, when the services were held in the old school-room, and the Rev. Mr. Colwell came from Strath- albyn to preach about 1859. From that time to the day of his death be may be said to have been the main pillar of support to the church of his choice in his own town and neighbor hood. At anniversaries and public meetings the well- remembered chairman will be sadly missed. Quarterly meetings will look with regret at the vacant chair of the circuit steward of well-nigh quarter of a century. The Sunday-school also loses one of its superin- tendents. The chapel trusts throughout the circuit will miss the wise counsel and ready help of a friend whose interest never flagged or grew weary. He will be missed in every department of church work, but though cut off in the prime of manhood, he has done his life's work well; his influence survives him, and will be felt in every movement for good that shall arise from the organizations he did so much to build up and foster. We re- member now with mournful pleasure the sweet but powerful voice that used to lead the 'Songs of Zion.' To the depth aad earnestness of his piety, those who met him in close Christian fellow- ship can testify. If "on the world's broad field of battle' he was a 'hero in the strife,' none the less did he display in his family ties and personal friendships the thoughtful kind- ness of a true Christian. His widow, with their three sons and four daughters, are left to mourn an irreparable loss.' Dear friends, you will allow me to make a few more observations. First —Life in this world is of short duration atloscertl It is compared in Scripture to a vapor, to an handsJoreadth, to a dwlining shadow; but short as it is, if it be redeemed to life's jgreat end, much good may be done. As soda! beings our efforts may materially change Che various conditions and phases of society at large, and promote the welfare and bapjpjnetf of thousands. Am religious beings wesnsybelieveiaGod, love and serve Him, and gxeatly promote His kingdom upon earth, thns leaving ia oar short day a locg team of good works to follow us, and aTTfrft^iyf P7 Mwitfu^ff^^ jq ihis world the reward to be given on the final day. *' It is appointed "r?tn man (man universally), once to die." Secondly—Death is certain. However, its time is uncertain. It is termed "the land without order." There isno lease offife granted to any. AD are ftrmntH at the w3l of God. Ko man, in my mind, seemed healSner4ooking and more Ukely to live for many yean titan Brother Johnston when! came to this circuit over two years ago, and now lie is gone. As this is tbe case, bow necessary that we should live as beings treading every moment on the verge of the eternal world—live always in a state of pre pacationfor our departure. Thirdly—Eternity will be a state of retribution. " Whatsoever a man soweth that shall be also reap." If it were otherwise it would p.ot be retribution. All souls entering eternity pass under tbe confirming power of these decisive words, "Let him that is holy be holy still, and let Jam that is filthy be filthy still." Tnisshowa file justice and goodness of *i?? Most High. When he says respecting ti? wicked, "Thes3 shall go away into everlasting punishment, aad tine righteous into life eternal," be de clares "what eternity shall be. As we stand between Ourselves and our Maker, and on that ground for eternity, let ns prepare to saeet our God as Brother Johnston did, anl then like him we shall find dying to be swee and the great sereafter to be glorious and happy! 