DOQ TRAY. Among tho things whioh Byron alludes to in Don Juan as agreeable to the highest oxtent is " Tho watch-dog's honest bark." There is no doubt that, in a dogroo, his Lordship was right. The ownor of a house usually hears tho vooal notice that his dog is on tho look out with considerable satisfaction, and per- haps even the burglar when ho s net a burgling" may listen to it with something like complacency in thu redaction that if he has not a job on hand fur the time, no one else can. It is possible that the un fortunate in a neighboring tenomont,who wants to sleep and caunot, duos not re gard the honest barkwith the same degree of pleasure, the more especially if the watch- dog is of a melancholy and reflective nature, and addictod to bay at the moon; or ambitious, and prone to indulge iu challenging other dogs to ongago in a howling match. As a rulo, however, the watch - dog is regarded as a useful adjunct to the scheme of civilisation, especially whoro tho said civilisation i3 so advanced as to iueludu robbery among its concomitants. But thero is one class of dog that evorynno must object to— the dog on tho loose. One does not allude to the dog who, intent on some of that mysterious business, the nature of which is only known to dogs, plods steadily on his way. One does not even find fault with the dog who is out for a holiday, and seta about his enjoyment in u sensible and sober manner. He would bo hard- . hearted indeed who would objeot oven to tho dog described by Murk Twain as tho boy's dog, who passes his time in inducing boys to accompany him on long rambles " into the green fields and by the cooling waters." Such dogs as those do not war against sooiety, and society need not war against them. Bui there ore doga whose paws are against every man, and against which every man s hand should be raised In return. No one can be in doubt as to the doga alluded to — the dogs who infest the streets, principally of the suburbs, and, being in every Bense of the word on the loose, - rush out and bark at tho heels of pedestrians and equestrians alike. It is impossible to guard against tho attacks of such a dog.. Like the animal in' which Quilp de lighted, he may live on the right haud side of the street, but it is just as possible that he may be hiding on the left, ready for a spring, or that ho may be lying ap parently asleep in tho middle of the road, for the purpose of snapping at the heels of the first horso that may pass him. Were there no chances of danger as a result of this amusement, no one would object to it; but the accidents that arise from it are many and the risks great. Only yesterday a correspondent drew our attention to thu inoreasing number of stray doga in the Collingwood and North Fitzroy districts, asserting that it was positively dangerous for an equestrian to ride along unless a careful and experienced rider. He states that the other day he himself witnessed a case in which a horse man riding slowly along the street was suddenly attacked by one of these dog. biting savagely at the horse's heels, the result being that tho auimul shied aud threw his rider. Fortunately ho was not hurt, but he had a very narrow escape. In anotherinstancethesainecorrespondent aaw u wuuiuu uucryiug u uuuu uiuu wua footpath. A large dog, which was lying apparently asleep outside the gate, suddenly Bprang up and llew at her. As might be expected, the woman started back, and in doing so slipped and fell, soverely injuring her ankle, while the child had its face cut. Wo havo no reason to doubt our correspondent's tale. Indeed, anyone whose business takes him through a suburban street can corroborate it, and join in the assertion that the nuisance is dangerous as well as disagreeable. Besides, these dogs bite as well as snap, and though happily we have no hydrpphohia hero, the bite of a dog in hot weather, with an erysipelas aaturatod hospital in tho background, is not an agreeable object of contemplation. There is"' a " Dog Act," indeed, the provisions of which aro quite 'sufficient for dealing with the nuisance, but there is reason to believe that it is not properly enforced. It is not enough that the ow ner of a dog should pay a tax for him. He should see in addition that he 1b not a nuisance and a danger to othors; and if he be so, he should tuko measures to keep him in chock. Ono of the twelve tribes was supposed to have hadthe privi lege of "lying i n tho path";for general an noyance, bat we never heard of its being handed down to the canine species. No further seizures have been mads by the officers of the Customs department. Great difficulty is now experienced by the offiaials in their proceedings against the Chinese, as tho latter are acting in a vory - cau tious manner. In connection with this mubkurLUU L/uiuiiiiasujuur ui vuswuis uuturtuj ub to mention that ho has received an important letter, signed Fair PHy, and'refer- ring to tho recent seizures, and to state that Mr Graves will be happy to seethe writer at he Customs House. Any information given will be treated as strictly confidential. The officers of the Harbor department have made a report in reference to the new shoal which was recently discovered near the Heads. Thoy state that the re port was probably creatod by a fluke of an anchor, which collected some sand and drift about it. The Public Works depart ment has been asked to send down an officopto examine tho shoal. A chargo of dynamite will probably be exploded over tho spot to scatter the sand. The officers of the Stock department have vacated the Mercantile Marine offices, and ore now located at the Agricultural department. Their former offices are about to bo leased to the Harbor Trust. His Honor Judge Noel granted yesterday a rale nisi for the sequostration of tho estate of James Mace, late licensee of tho V.R.C. Hotel. The application was mado by Mr T. K, Ben nett, butcher, of Bourko streot. An interpleader application in an action of Caton v tho Oriental Banking Corporation was heard to-day by Mr Justico Williams in Chambers. Tho action was brought by Mr jTobaSi ttatop, of South Ymw, denoribtfl us u gontloman, to recover from tho bank L1505 lodged with it on fixed deposit by tho plain tiffs, wife, who is now apatiout in tho Kow Luuatiq Asylum. Tho Maator-iii-Luimcy in- torplo on the grouud that tho money be longed. tho separAto estate of tho lunatic; and ho 0fti9 now called upon toappoorAnd sup port his claims to tho amount. The plaintiff alleged that tho monoy was not settled on hi wife, and that she has uo sopravto ostato. His Honor directed tho Master to appoar and sub stantiato inn ciniin. Tho Master is to bo plaintiff in the action, and Mr Cftton tho do femhuit. Mr M'Farhmd, instructed by Messrs Bennett,. Attonborough, Wilks and Ntmnfeppcarod1 for tho bauk ; Mr Box for Mr Caton ; and Mr Poolo, of tlio Crown Law de partment, for thoMastor- in-Lunacy. An application was made to-day to Mr Justice Williams in Chambers for an order to examine Mr E. S. Parkes, superintendent of the Bank of Australasia, in an action of Pigott v. the Board of Land and Works. The action is brought by Mr Pigott, a member of the firm of Pigott Bros., shipping agents of this city, to recover damages from the Board for injury sustained by the accident to the Brighton express train at Jolimont, in July last. It was represented that Mr Parkes was to leave this colony on Thursday next, and his Honor directed that his evidence should be previously taken before Mr Horne, his Honor's as- sociato. , A few days ago, under the head of "Morphia- mania" we published an article from one of the home journals dealing with the evils ac- cruing from the excesaivc use of morphia, especially among ths ladies of Europe. That article of course was written on an old world basis. But a portion of tho remarks of Mr Parker, tho secretary of the Licensod Victm alters Association, in responding to tho toast of his health at the picnic yesterday, would go to show that, its uso is no6 unknown in Aus tralia. AUudinp to the chargo made against tho Licensed Victualler's trodo by. his onemies, and the allegation that it was tho main jcause of much crime and misery, Mr Parlcor alleged that a far more ovil factor than drink was amongst them working vigorously to thosb onds. Ho alluded to the uso of opium. Not withstanding tbo fact that tlio Chinese popu lation was decreasing the revenue from that opiato had increased from LG5, 000 to L05,009. In Sydney especially was this noticoablo. Much of tho crime spokon of was nob owing to drink, but to tho growing uso of tho pernicious drug, opium. Mr Parkor, tho secretary of tlio Licensed Victuallers' Assoc! ation, yesterday told a largo number of mombors that lio was ready with L1000 to Rupplomont tho action of tho Govern ment in forretiug out aud summarily olosing sly-grog shops. In responding to tho toast of tho Parliamont at tho Licensod Victuallers picnio yesterday, Messrs Carter and Masou both alluded to the Munro Local Option Bill. Tho latcor gentle man announced himself as utterly opposed to the measure. Still ho had carefully felt the pulse of the House, and ho might aa well in form; those present that ho was Afraid a majority of the members would bo found in favor of local ootion. Ho urarod the Assonia- tion to uso its great influence at every election to return thoso favorable to its views. \- Mr Header, the President of tho Licensed Victuallers Association, in congratulating thoso present on the success of the picnio yester day, made a fow remarks witli regard to tin position of tho trade in Victoria. Tho members should bo mode aware that a strong and bitter opposition was being organised against them for futuro elections. He thought he Bhould only need to call atten tion to tho heavy restrictions tho Sydney Li censed Victuallers labored under to prove to them the necessity of combined action. In such straits were their N.S.W. brethren that thoy had applied for tho loan of tho V.U.L.V. Association's secretary. Tho usual monthly mooting of the council of the Old Colonists' Association of Viotoria was hold at Mr R. G Johnson's office, 32 Queen street, on Thursday, 9th inBt. Presont : Mr. D. C. M'Arthur, (in the chair), Messrs G. S. Goppin, J. Osborne, W. Dods, R. W. Shadfortb, H. Marsh, F. Graham, M. Marks, H. W. Lowry, J. K. Froyor, D. R. M'Gregor, R. Bqlderson, and O. R. Ma rtin. Tho Presi dent (Mr M'Arthur) announced tli'at a gentle- man-rwhoao name he could, not give for tho present— had promised to erect another cot tage on the grounds of the association, at Morri Creek. Messrs J. Daniel; W. Adams, C. MTarlano, \V. H. Ellorker, .and — Laid- law, wore duly olccted mombors of the associa tion. and several crentleinen ware nominated for election at the next meeting. Several ap plications were referred to the relief committeb for inquiry. The' new building for tho Colonial Bank at tho corner of Elizabeth and Littlo CollinB streets is expected to be ready for tbo transac tion of business at the ond of this month. The present temporary offices in occupation of this ' bank at the corner of Collins and Elizabeth streets will then bo taken oyer by the Federal Bank of Australia. The man who was found in an unconscious condition at the Flinders street railway station yesterday, and died soon after admission at tho Melbourne Hospital, has boon identified George Fisher, an insurance agent. Decoasod was 53 years of age, and a native of Germany. An inquest will be held. DrYoulheldnn inquest at the Molbourno Hospital to-day on Aun Hole, aged 84 years. Deceased was residing by horsolf in Cecil, street, Emerald Hill. On Tuesday night, whilst deceased was in bod, she struck a match to light a candle, when the bedolothes caught fire, and she was severely burnt. Death re sulted from shock to the system. The jury re turned a verdict accordingly. We are informed that among othor arrange ments to popularise the Old English Fair, to be opened at the Exhibition Buildings on Saturday, Mr Coppin has arranged with tho Omnibus Company to change the route of tho Fitzroy lino of /buses during the time tho Fair will be open' to Gertrude and Nicholson streets, thus passing the buildings ' and onabl- ingjviaitors from Spencer streot railway station to procoed direct to tlio gates. Tho Colling wood line from Hobson's Baylrailway station.- which always runs ovor tho same route, will afford similar facilities to visitors from tho southern suburbs. In connection with tho ofopmont case which has twice como boforo the Sandridgo Police Court an error has appeared in our report. Mr Emmorson is acting on behalf of Mrs Field, and not for the dofendant,as our report states. To-morrow afternoon the South Melbourne SmimraingClubgivo an aquatic performance at the Emerald Hill baths at which ladies may be .present. The entertainment is for the benefit of the family of the late tes3eo of the bathgt who always took'a warm interest in tho club. The programme is a most amusing one, and at tho same time tbo various events are moBt instructive, and comprise a farce, races, steeplechase, Siamese raco, egg obstacle race, all the known varioties of diving and swimm ing, and also tho rescuing of drowning porsons. Should tho woathor be fine a largo attendance ; will donbtlosa bo present, We (Ballarat Star) woro yesterday shown a letter received by a well-known oitizon from his son, who is employed on a large station on the Lower Darling. Tho epistle contains ono or two important items regarding the weather in the district named, and it appears that drohght is being experienced to an alarming ex tent. The country is completely parched, nnd both man and beast are suffering greatly from the oxtcemo boat of tbo atmosphore. For weeks , pott tho thermometer ha» daily registered 113 degrees in the shade. Hot weather is not the only grie\ ancu ahcop aud cattle brooders have to contend against, us thoro is growing ou tho banks of tlio rivor u kind of plant, known as tho Itarling poo, which is most injurious to horses and othor animate. It sootus that tho xm has an intoxicating effect, for R is no uncommon thiug to see horses that aro in tho luvbit of dovouring rt frisking about in tho bush in an ' indescribable inftnnor, and in many instances thoy havo ooon observed endoavoriug to climb up trees. Aftoi a horso Ins taken ono or two- foods of this peculiar plant he 19, tho writer ot tho lottor states, not ovor again much- good' for hard work. Tho i>ca tlbe not affect sheep and cattlo to such an> injurious extent' as tho horeos, though it does not Agree with thoni. To show what lnrgo tracts of country aro hold by squatters in tho Darling district, wo may mention that, the station from which tho lottor ; referred to was dated is half- a million of aaros , iu oxtent, and- has 40 mites of rivor frontago. There arc two homesteads on tho station, but thoy aro 00 miles apart, nnd with a pair of horses and light buggy it takon nino hours to travel from ono house to tho othor. Thoro is never any grass on this extensive run, tho ouly horbuge boingsalt btuh-upon which tlio ahoop fatten amazingly. Tho Ballarnt Coutior states that Mr O# E Jonos paid a visit to- Ballarat yestorday, ar riving by tho afternoon train from Molbourno 4\b biiu i_/uruor (iu wun uuitruiy greu&uu; uy n numbor of old frionds, and on leaving wat honored by. ropontod cheers, which ho acknow ledged appropriately. Tho objotd; of Mr Jonos' visit was simply to sec a fow relatives, aud for no other purpose. Much nstonishmont has (says tho St. Jameses Gazette) boon caused among tho barristers and newspapers of' St. Louis in tho United States by tho ruling of Judgo Laughlin, of tho Criminal Court of that aity, on tho£occosion of a trialof a man named Roilly for the murdor ofa man uaitied Hatch. "If," said tho judge, "Hatch gavo Roilly reasonable causo to be lieve that he was '.roing to kill him, ReiUy, in law, was justified in hunting Hatch up and killing him. ; becuuso the law'doesnob require (lint a mail should wait, for his oppouont might moot hiui in tho streot with a doublo- barrclled shotgun." It was at first thought that tho judgo had not said what ho intended to say, or that ho bad boon incorroctly 're ported ; bnt in an intorriow with a reporter ho repeated the langnago. "This doctriuo is simply unassailable," ho said ; " tho opposite would subject any man to constant danger of tlio assassin's deadly bullet or daggor, and in overy cose gives to tho latter tho ; commanding advantage." Tho Globe Democrat gives tlio contrary viows of a num ber of judges and lawyors ; but in the moan- tiine the prisoner in tho caso has profited by securing an acquittal. Judgo Laughlin's rul big is considered all tho more serious because there aro dozens of persons in and about St. Louis who havo "reasonable causo" to bo- licve that othor persous are going to kill them, and theso will now, it is feared, commit wilful murder as a matter of pre- at any moment bo expected. Tho mystery of the apparent supernatural visitation which has been oxercising tho minds of residents of -ho Creswiclc road of late haB been, unrivalled (says the Ballarat Star). Two young raon courageously resolved to fathom tho 'matter, and accordingly at a Into hour, on Wednesday evening visited tho locality of its poregrinations. They stationed themselves on the footpath, . and after soveral minv. ' j delay tho ghostly visitant advanced fr. i tho shelter of a treo-guard with solemn stops towards them. Not a muscle quivered, not a movomont on tho part of tho young men, and gradually the unearthly- looking being drew near. At longth, within a few feet of the men, tho ghost stopped. A deathly silence prcvoilod, during which the visitant transfixed their gazo, and with a sepul chral look, slowly encircled thom with tbo " unholy circle." As tho ghost walked round, thoybuugfcllows revolved, seemingly fascinated with tho magnetism of ita presence. When the circlo was completed, one of tho men challenged tho visitant sovoral timq? to answer questions coocorning its name, rela tionship, and object in walking abroad. No replies boing vouchsafed, tho interlocutor determined to ond tho matter. Ho struck a match, nnd hold it directly in front of tho visitant's face, disclosing the features of a young woman of passablo appearance. This person was clad in a light blue shawl thrown over her head, nnd was nnnnrAiit.lv innnnn. Tho young men, satisfied that a rather fleshly visitant was the promenading disturber of the neighborhood, left without eapturing tho woman. Tho St. J. ines's Gazette states that "it Reoms that a zoological exhibition took placo somewhere, the principal figure in which was a crocodile, believed to bo ono hundred and fifty years old. It was kilted and inspected by the president nn.d secretary. Tho tail looked so suggestive of turtle soup that the two zoologists had a pieco cut off and boiled during three hours; at the end of which a soup was served to them of so dainty a tasto that tho warmest encomiums were bestowed on tho crocodile potago." This discovery may bo' in teresting to somotef our good friends inQuoens- laud, (but an alligator of 150 years old 1b not a very promising edible subject, unloBB like Do Mcrrimac ho grows tendoror as ho grows older, Wo: havo received, from Mr A, J. Smith,: The Drunkard's Children, a sequel to The Bottlo, in eight plates, by Goorgo Cruik- shank. Also tbo people's edition' of tho Ingoldsby Legends, illustrated. 