JEZEBEL'S DAUGHTEB. PART II. MR. DAVID GLENNEY COLLECTS HIS MATERIALS AND CONTINUES THE STORY HISTORICALLY. /chapter in. In tbe gloom thrown over tbe household by Mr. Engeiman's death Mrs. Wagner, with characteristic energy and good sense, had kept her mind closely occupied. Paring the office hours she studied those details of the business at Frankfort; which differed from the details of the business in London, and soon mastered them sufficiently to be able to fill the vacancy which Mr. Engelman lmrl loff. Tho nnoif.inn -f.liof. Iio liorl Ko1/*1 became, with all its privileges and respon sibilities, Mrs. Wagner's position — claimed, not in virtue of her rank as directress of the London house, but iu recognition of the knowledge that she had specially acquired to fit her for the post. Out of office hours she corresponded with the English writer on the treatment of insane persons, whose work she had dis covered in her late husband's library, and assisted him in attracting public attention to the- humane system which he advocated. Even the plan for the employment of respectable girls in suitable departme its of the office was not left neglected f this indefatigable woman. The same / indly consideration which had induced U«er to spare Mr. Keller any allusion to the subject while his health was not yet completely restored, still kept her silent until tii^e had reconciled him to the calamity of his partner's death. Privately however she had caused inquiries to be made in _ Frankfort which would assist her in choosing worthy candidates for emplojmient when the favour able time arrived — probably after the cele bration of Fritz's marriage — for acting in the interests of the proposed reform. ' Pray send me away if I interrupt you,' said Madame Fontaine, pausing modestly on the threshold before she entered the room. She spoke English admirably, and made a point of ignoring Mrs. Wagner's equally perfect knowledge of German by addressing her always in the English lan guage. ' Come in, by all means,' Mrs. Wagner answered. ' I am only writing to David Glenney to tell him (at Minna's request) that the wedding-day is fixed.' ft Give your nephew my kind regards, Mrs. Wagner. He will be one of the party at the wedding, of course ? ' ' Yes — if he can be spared from his duties in London. Is there anything I can do for you, Madame Fontaine ? ' ' Nothing, thank you— except to excuse my intrusion. I am afraid I have offended our little friend there, with the pretty straw hat in his. hand, and I want to make my peace with him.' Jack looked up from his work with an air of lofty disdain. '0, dear me, it doesn't matter,' he said in his most magnificent manner. ' I was dressing when he knocked at my door,' pursued Madame Fontaine; ' and I asked him to come back and show me his keys in half-an-hour. Why didn't you return, Jack ? Won't you show me the keys now ? ' ' You see it's a matter of business,' Jack replied as loftily as ever. 'I am in the business— keeper of the keys. Mistress is in the business ; Mr. Keller is in the business. You are not in the business. It doesn't matter. Upon my soul, it doesn't matter.' Mrs. Wagner held up her forefinger reprovingly. ' Jack ! don't forget you are speaking to a lady.' Jack audaciously put his hand to his head as if this was an effort of memory which was a little too much to expect of him. 'Anything to please you, mistress,' he said. ' I'll show her the bag.' He exhibited to Madame Fontaine a leather bag, with a strap fastened round it. ' The keys are inside,' he explained. 'I wore them loose this morning ; and they made a fine jingle. Quite musical to my ear. But mistress thought the noise likely to be a nuisance in the long run. So I strapped them up in a bag to keep them quiet. And when I move about the bag hangs from my shoulder like this by another strap. When the keys are wanted I open the bag. You don't want them — you're not in the business. Besides, I'm thinking of going out and showing myself and my bag in the fashionable quarter of the town. On such an occasion I think I ought to 'present the appearance of a gentleman — I ought to wear gloves. 0, it doesn't matter ! I needn't detain you auy longer. Good morning.' He made one of his fantastic bows and waved his hand, dismissing Madame Fontaine . from further attendance on* him. Secretly lie was as eager as ever to show his keys. But the inordinate vanity which was still the mad side of him and the incurable side of him shrank from opening the leather bag unless the widow first made a special request and a special favour of it. Feeling no sort of interest in the subject, she took the shorter way of making her peace with him. She took out her purse. ' Let me make you a present of the gloves,' she said, with her irresistible smile. Jack lost all his dignity in an instant'. He leaped off the window - seat and snatched at the money, like a famished animal snatching at a piece of meat. Mrs. Wagner caught him by the arm and looked at him. He lifted his eyes to hers, then lowered thetfl again as if he was ashamed of himself. ' 0, to be sure ! ' he said, 'I have forgotten my manners ; I haven't said thank you. A lapse of memory, I suppose. Thank you, Mrs. Housekeeper.' In a moment more he and his bag were on their way to the fashionable quarter of the town. ' You will make allowances for my poor little Jack, I am sure,' said Mrs. Wagner. ' My dear madam, Jack amuses me ! ' Mrs. Wagner winced a little at the tone of the widow's reply. ' I have cured him of all the worst results of his cruel imprison ment in the madhouse,' she went on. But his harmless vanity seems to be inbred ; I can do nothing with him on that side of his character. He is proud of being trusted with anything, especially with keys ; and he has been kept waiting for them, while I had far more important matters to occupy me. In a day or two he will be more accustomed to his great responsibility, as he calls it.' 'Of course you don't trust him,' said Madame Fontaine, 'with keys that are of any importance ; like the keys of your desk there for instance.' Mrs. Wagner's grey eyes began to brighten. ' I can trust him with any thing,' she answered emphatically. Madame Fontaine arched her brows in a mutely polite expression of extreme sur prise. ' In my experience of the world,' Mrs. Wagner went on, 'I have found that the rarest of all human virtues is the virtue of gratitude. In a hundred little ways my poor friendless Jack has shown me that he is grateful. To my mind that is reason enough for trusting him.' 'With money ? ' Madame Fontaine in quired. 'Certainly. In London I trusted him with money — with the happiest results. I quieted his mind by an appeal to his sense of trust and self-respect, which he thoroughly appreciated. As yet I have not given him the key of my desk here, because I reserve it as a special reward for good conduct. In a few days more I have no doubt he will add it to the collection in his bag.' 'Ah,' said Madame Fontaine, with the humility which, no living woman knew better when and how to assume, ' you understand these difficult questions — you have your grand national common-sense. I am only a poor limited .German woman. But, as you say in England, ' live and learn.' You have indescribably interested me. Good morning.' She left the room. ' Hateful woman ! ' she said in her own language on the outer side of the door. 'Humbug!' said Mrs. Wagner in 'her language on the inner side of the door. If there had been more sympathy between the two ladies, or if Madame Fontaine had felt a little curiosity on the subject of crazy Jack's keys, she might have taken away with her some valuable materials for future consideration. As it was, ^ Mrs. Wagner had not troubled her with any detailed narrative of the manner in which she had contrived to fill Jack's leather ba2\ _ O In London she had begun cautiously by only giving him some of the useless old keys which accumulate about a house in course of years. When the novelty of merely keeping them had worn off, aud . when he had wanted to see them put to some positive use, she had added one or two keys of her own, and had flattered his pride by asking him to open the box or the desk for her, as the case might be. Proceeding on the same wisely gradual plan at Frank fort, she had asked Mr. Keller to help her, and had been taken by him (while Jack was out of the way) to a lumber-room in the basement of the house, on the floor of which several old keys were lying about. ' Take as many as yo'u like,' he had said ; 'they have been here, for all I know, ever since the house was repaired and refurnished in my grandfather's time, and they might be sold for old iron, if there were only enough of them. Mrs. Wagner had picked up the first six keys that presented them selves, and had made Jack Straw the happiest of men. He found no fault with them for being rusty. On the contrary, he looked forward with delight to the enjoy ment of cleaning away the rust. ' They shall be as bright as diamonds,' he had said to his mistress, 'before I have done with them.' And what did Madame Fontaine lose by failing to inform herself of such trifles as these ? She never discovered what she had lost. But she had not done with Jack Straw yet. CHAPTER IV. - After leaving Mrs. Wagner, the widow considered with herself, and then turned away from the commercial regions of the house, in search of Minna. She opened the dining-room door, and found the bagatelle-board on the table. Fritz and Minna 'were playing a game of the desultory sort— with the inevitable interruptions appropriate to courtship. ' Are you coming to join us, mamma? Fritz is playing very badly. ri This sort of thing requires mathematical calculation,' Fritz remarked ; 'and Minna distracts my attention.' Madame Fontaine listened with a smile of maternal iudulgence. ' I am on my way back to my room,' she said. ' If either of you happen to see Jack Straw——' ' He has gone out, ' Fritz interposed. 'I saw him through the window. He started at a run — and then remembered his dignity, and slackened his pace to a walk. How will he come back, I wonder ? ' He will come back with greater dignity than ever, Fritz. I have given him the money to buy himself a pair of gloves. I like to indulge the poor imbecile creature. You mustn't laugh at him — he is to be pitied.' Expressing these humane sentiments, she left the lovers to their game. While Jack was still pleasurably excited by the new gift he would be in the right frame of ''mind to feel her influence. Now or never (if the thing could be done) was the time to -provide against the danger of chance allusions to what had happened at Wurz burg. It was well-known in the house that Mrs. Wagner wished to return to London, as soon after the marriage as certain im portant considerations connected with the management of the office would permit. By Madame Fontaine's calculations, Jack would be happily out of the way of doing mischief (if she could keep him quiet in the meanwhile) in a month or six weeks' time. The game went on in the dining-room — with the inevitable intervals. Beyond reproach as a lover, Fritz showed no signs of improvement as a bagatelle-player. In a longer pause than usual, during which the persons concerned happened to have their backs turned to the door, a disagreeable interruption occurred. At a moment of absolute - silence an intruding voice made itself heard, inviting immediate attention in these words— ' I say, you two ! If you want to see the finest pair of gloves in Frankfort, just look here.' There he stood with outstretched hands, exhibiting a pair of bright green gloves, and standing higher in his own estimation than ever. ' Why do you always come in without knocking?' Fritz asked, with excusable indignation. 'Why have you always got your arm round her waist ? ' Jack retorted.' ' I say, Miss Minna! (I only offer a remark), the more .he kisses you the more you seem to like it.' 'Send him away, for heaven's sake!' Minna whispered. ' Go upstairs ! ' cried Fritz. ; '-What ! do you want to be at it again ?' asked Jack. 'Go and show your new gloves 'to Madame Fontaine,' said Minna. The girl's quick wit had discovered the right way to get rid of Jack. He accepted the suggestion with enthusiasm. ' Ah ! ' he exclaimed, ' that's a good idea ! It would never have entered your head, Fritz, would it ? ' Before Fritz could reply, Jack was out of his reach. The widow sat in her room, innocently reading the newspaper. A cake happened to be on the table at her side ; and a bottle of sparkling lemonade, by the merest coin cidence, was in the near neighbourhood of the' cake. Jack's eyes brightened, as they turned towards the table when he entered the room. 'And those are the gloves!' said Madame Fontaine, with her head held critically a little on one side, as if she was a connoisseur enjoying a fine picture. ' How very pretty ! What good taste you have ! ' Jack (with- his eyes still on the cake) accepted these flattering expressions as no more than has due. ' I am pleased with my wal4' jQ remarked. ' I have made a successful appearance in public. When the general attention was not occupied with my bag of keys, it was absorbed in my gloves. I showed becoming modesty— I took no notice of anybody.' ' Perhaps ~vour walk has given you a little 1 appetite ? ' the widow suggested. ' What did you say ? ' cried Jack. ' Appetite ! Upon my soul, I cquld eat ? ? No, that's not gentleman- like.'' Mistress gave me one of her looks when I said £ upon my soul ! ' down in the office. Thank you. Yes ; I like cake. Excuse me— I hope it has got plums in it ? ' ' Plums and other fine things. Taste ! ' Jack tried hard to preserve his good manners, and only taste as lie was told. But the laws of nature were too much for him. He was as fond of sweet things as a child— he gobbled. ' I say, you're un commonly good to. me all of a sudden,' he exclaimed between the bites. ' You didn't make much of me like this at Wurzburg ? ' He had given Madame Fontaine her opportunity. She was not the woman to let it slip. ' 0, Jack ! ' she said, in tones of gentle reproach, 'didn't I nurse you at Wurzburg?' ' Well,' Jack admitted, ' you did some thing of the sort.' ' What do you mean ? ' He had finished his first slico of cake; his politeness began to show signs of wear ing out. / ' You did what the master the doctor told you to do,' he said. ' But I don't believe you cared whether I lived or died. When you had to tuck me up in bed, for instance, you did it with the grossest indifference. Ha ! you have improved since that time. Give me some more cake. Never mind cutting it thick. Is that bottle of lemonade for me ? ' ' You hardly deserve it, Jack, after the way you have spoken of me. Don't you remember,' sha-a added cautiously leading him back to the point, ' I used to make your lemonade when you were ill ? ' Jack persisted in wandering away from the point. 'You are so hungry for com pliments,' he objected. ' Haven't I told you that you have improved ? Only go on as you are going on now, and I dare say I shall put you next to mistress in my esti mation, one of these days. Let the cork go out with a pop ; I like noises of all kinds., Your good health ! Is it manners to smack one's lip's after lemonade ?— it is such good stuff, and there's such pleasure in feeling it sting one's throat as it goes down. You didn't give me such lemonade as this when I was ill— 0 ! that reminds me.' ' Reminds you of something that hap-; pened at Wurzburg ?' Madame Fontaine inquired. 'Yes. Wait a bit. I'm going to try how the cake tastes dipped in lemonade. Ha ! ha ! how it fizzes as I stir it round ! Yes, something that happened at Wurzburg, as you say. I asked David about it, the morning he went away. But the coach was waiting for him ; and he ran off without saying a word. I call that rude.' ^ He _was still stirring his lemonade with his bit of cake — or lie 'might have seen something in the widow's face that would have startled him. He did look up, when she spoke to him. His sense of hearing was his quickest sense ; and lie was struck by the sudden change in her voice. ' What did you ask, David ? ' — was all she ventured to say. Jack still looked at her. ' Anything the matter with you ? ' he inquired. ' Nothing. What did you ask David ? ' ' Something I wanted to know.' ' Perhaps I can tell you what you want to know ? ' ' I shouldn't wonder. No : dipping the cake in lemonade doesn't improve it, and it leaves crumbs in the drink.' ' Throw away that bit of cake, Jack, and have some more.' ' May I help myself ? ' ' Certainly. But you haven't told me yet what you want to know.' At last he answered directly. 'What I want to know is this,' he said. 'Who poisoned Mr. Keller ? ' He was cutting the cake as he spoke, and extracted a piece of candied orange-peel with the point 'of the knife. Once more the widow's face had escaped observation. She turned away quickly, and occupied her self in mending the fire. In this position, her back was turned towards the table — she could trust herself to speak. ' You are talking nonsense ! ' she said, Jack stopped — with the cake half way to his mouth. Here was a direct attack on his dignity, and he was not disposed to put up with it. ' I never talk nonsense,' he answered sharply. ' ' You do,' Madame Fontaine rejonied, just as sharply on her side. ' Mr. Keller fell ill, as anyone else might fall ill. No body poisoned him.' Jack got on his legs. For the moment lie actually forgot the cake. ' Nobody ? ' lie repeated. ' Tell me this, if you please : Wasn't Mr. Keller cured out of the blue glass bottle — like me ? ' (Who had told him this ? Joseph might have told him; Minna might have' told him. It was no time for inquiry ; the one thing needful was to eradicate the idea from his mind. She answered boldly, ' Quite right, so far ' — and waited to see what came of it.) ' Very well,' said Jack, ' Mr. Keller was cured out of the blue-glass bottle, like me. And I was poisoned. ;Now ? ' She flatly contradicted him again. ' You were not poisoned ! ' Jack crossed the room, with a flash of the old Bedlam light in his eyes, and confronted her at the fireplace. ' The devil is the father of lies,' he said, lifting his hand solemnly. ' No lies V I heard my master the doctor say I was poisoned.' She was ready with her answer. ' Your master said that to frighten you. He didn't want you to taste his medicines in his absence again. You drank double what any person ought to have drunk, you greedy Jack, when you tasted that pretty violet coloured medicine iu your master's work shop. And you had yourself to thank — not poison, when you fell ill.' Jack looked hard at her. He could reason so far as that he and Mr. Keller must have taken the same poison, because he and Mr. Keller had been cured out of the same bottle. But to premise that he had been made ill by an overdose of medi cine, and that Mr. Keller had been made ill in some other way, and then to^ask, rhow two different illnesses could both have been cured by the same remedy — wras an effort utterly beyond him. He hung his head sadly and went back to the table. ' I wish I hadn't asked you about it,' he said. 'You puzzle me horribly.' ABut for that unendurable sense of perplexity, he would still have doubted and distrusted her as resolutely as ever. As it was, his bewil dered mind unconsciously took its refuge in belief. 'If it was medicine,' asked the poor creature vacantly, ' what is the medi cine for ? ' At those words an idea of the devil's own prompting entered Madame Fontaine's mind. Still standing at the fireplace, she turned her head slowly, and looked at the cupboard. ' It's a better remedy even than the blue glass bottle,' she said; 'it cures you so soon when you are tired or troubled in your mind, that I have brought it away with me from Wurzburg, to use it for myself.' Jack's face brightened with a new inter est. ' 0,' he said eagerly, ' do let me see it again ! ' She put her hand in her pocket, took out the key, and hesitated at the last moment. ' Just one look at it,' Jack pleaded, ' to see if it's the same.' She unlocked the cupboard. CHAPTER v. Jack attempted to follow her and look in. She waved him back with her hand. ' Wait at the window,' she said, ' where you can see the medicine in the light.' She took the bottle of Alexander's Wine from the chest, and having locked the cupboard again, replaced the key in her pocket. 'Do you remember it ? ' she asked, showing him the bottle. He shuddered as he recognised the colour. ' Medicine ?' he said to himself — troubled anew by doubts which he was not able to realise.; ' I don't remember how much I took when I tasted it. Do you ?' 'I have told you already. .You took twice the proper dose.' ' Did my master the doctor say that ? ' 'Yes.' ' And did he tell you what the proper dose was ? ' 'Yes.' Jack was not able to resist this. 'I should like to see it!' he said eagerly. ' My master was a wonderful man — my master knew everything.' Madame Fontaine looked at him. He waited to see his request granted, like a child waiting to see a promised toy. ' Shall I measure it out, and show you ?' she said. ' I suppose you don't know what two drachms mean?' 'No, no! Let me see it.' She looked at him again and hesitated. With a certain reluctance of manner, she opened her dressing-case. As she took out a medicine-measuring glass, her hand began to tremble. A faint perspiration showed itself on her forehead. She put the glass on the table and spoke to Jack. ' What makes you so curious to see what the dose is ?' she said. 'Do you think you are likely to want some of it yourself ?' His eyes looked longingly at the poison. 'It cures you when you are tired or troiibledin your mind,' he answered, re-, peating her own words.. ' I am but ailittle fellow— and am more easily tired sometimes than you would think.' ft ? She passed her handkerchief over lier forehead. ' The fire makes the room rather warm,' she said. Jack took no notice of the remark ; he had not done yet with the confession of his little infirmities. He went on proving his claim to be favoured with some of the won derful remedy. ' And as for being troubled in my mind,' he 'said, ' you haven't a notion how bad I am sometimes. If I'm kept away from mistress for a whole day — when I say or do something wrong, you know — I tell you this, I'm fit to hang myself ! If you were to see me I think your heart would be touched ; -I do-indeed 1 ' Instead of answering him she rose abruptly and hurried to the door. ? ' Surely there's somebody outside,' she exclaimed — ' somebody wanting to speak to me ! ' ' I don't hear it,' said Jack ; ' and mine are the quickest ears in the house.' ' Wait a minute and let me see.' She opened the door, closed . it again behind her, and hurried along the lonely corridor. Throwing up the window at, the end, sli6 put her head out into the keen wintry air with a wild sense of relief. She was almost beside herself, without knowing why. Poor Jack's innocent attempts to persuade her to his destruction had in their pitiable simplicity laid a hold on that complex and terrible nature which shook it to its centre. The woman stood face to face with her own contemplated crime, and trembled at the diabolical treachery of it. ' What's the matter with me,' she won dered inwardly. 'I feel as if I could destroy every poison in the chest with my own hands.' Slowly she returned along the corridor to her room. The refreshing air had strung up her nerves again ; she began to recover herself. The strengthened body reacted on the wavering mind. She smiled as she recalled her own weakness, looking at the bottle of poison which she had mechanically kept in her hand. ' That feeble little creature might do some serious mischief between this and the wedding-day,' she thought ; ' and yet — and yet ? ' . ' Well, was there anybody outside ? ' Jack asked. ' Nothing to matter,' she said. The answer was spoken mechanically. Some thing in him or something in herself, it was impossible to say which, had suddenly set her thinking of the day when her husband had dragged him out of the jaws of death. It seemed strange that the memory of the dead doctor should come between them in that way and at that time. Jack recalled her to the passing moment. He offered her the medicine measuring-glass left on the table. ' It frightens me when I think of what I did,' he said. ' And yet it's such a pretty colour — I want to see it again.' In silence she took the glass ; in silence she measured out the fatal two drachms of the poison and showed it to him. 'Do put it in something,' he pleaded, ' and let me have it to keep ; I know I shall want it.' Still in silence she turned to the table, and searching again in her dressing-case found a little empty bottle. She filled it and carefully fitted in the glass stopper. Jack held out his hand. . She suddenly drew her own hand back. ' No,' she said. ' On second thoughts I won't let you have it!' ' Why not ? ' ' Because you can't govern your tongue and can't keep anything to yourself. You will tell everybody in the house that I have given you my wonderful medicine. They will all be wanting some — and I shall have none left for myself.' 'Isn't that rather selfish?' said Jack. ' I suppose its natural, though. Nevermind, I'll do anything to please you; I'll keep it in my pocket and not say a word to anybody. Now ? ' Once more, he held out his hand. Once more Madame Fontaine checked herself in the act of yielding to him. Her dead hus band had got between them again. The wild words he had spoken to her, in the first horror of the discovery that his poor imbecile servant had found and tasted the fatal drug, came back to her memory — ' If he dies I shall not survive him. And I firmly believe I shall not rest in my grave.' She had never been, like her husband, a believer in ghosts : superstitions of all sorts were to her mind unworthy of a reasonable being. And yet at that moment, she was . so completely unnerved that she looked round the old Gothic room with a nameless fear throbbing at her heart. It was enough — though nothing ap peared : it was enough — though supersti tions of all sorts were unworthy of a reason able being — to shake her fell purpose, for the time. Nothing that Jack could say had the least effect on her. -Having arrived at a determination, she was mistress of herself again. 'Not yet,' she resolved; 'there may be consequences that I haven't calcu lated on. I'll take the night to think of it.' Jack tried a last entreaty as she put her hand into her pocket, searching for the cup board-key, and tried it in vain. 'No,' she said ; ' I will keep it for you. Come to me when you are really ill, and want it.' Her pocket proved to be entangled for a moment in the skirt of her dress. In irri tably trying to disengage it, she threw out the key on the floor. Jack picked the key up and noticed the inscription on the handle, ' Pink-Boom Cupboard,' he read. ' Why do they call it by that name ? ' In her overwrought state of mind, she had even felt the small irritating influence of an entangled pocket. She was in no temper to endure simple questions patiently. ' Look at the pink curtains, you fool ! ' she said — and snatched the key out of his hand. Jack instantly resented the language and the action. ' I didn't come here to be insulted,' he declared in his loftiest manner. Madame Fontaine secured the poison in the cupboard without noticing him, and made him more angry than ever. ' Take back your new gloves,' he cried, ' I don't want them ! ' He rolled up his gloves, and threw them at her. ' I wish I could throw all the cake I've eaten after them ! ' he burst out fervently. He delivered this aspiration with an em phatic stamp of his foot. The hysterical excitement in Madame Fontaine forced its way outwards under a new form. She burst into a frantic fit of laughter. ' ' You curious i little creature,' she said ; ' I didn't mean ' to offend you. Don't you know that women will lose their patience sometimes ? There ! Shake hands and make it up. And take away the rest of the cake, if you like it.' Jack looked at her in speechless surprise. ' Leave me to myself ! ' she cried, relapsing into irritability. ' Do you hear ? Go ! go ! go ! ' Jack left the room without a word of protest. The rapid changes in her, the be * wildering diversity of looks and tones that accompanied them, completely cowed him. It was only when he was safe outside in the corridor, that he sufficiently recovered him self to put his own interpretation on what had happened. He looked back at the door of Madame Fontaine's room, and shook his little grey head solemnly. ' Now I understand it,' he thought to himself ; ' Mrs. Housekeeper is mad. 0, dear, dear me — Bedlam is the only place for her ! ' He descended the first flight of stairs, and stopped again to draw the- moral suggested , by his own clever discovery. ' I must speak to mistress about this,' he concluded. ' The sooner we are back in London, the safer I shall feel.' (To be continued.) Influence of Early Feeding upon Vitality. — Investigations made in Germany concerning the comparative vitality of children under various methods of feeding exhibit some peculiar 'results. Thus, of 100 children nursed by their mothers only 18'2 died during the first, year ; of those nursed by wet nurses, 29'33 died ; of those artifi cially fed, GO died ; and of those brought up in institutions, 80 died to the 100. Agaiu, taking 1000 well to-do persons and 1000 poor persons, there remained of the - prosperous, after five years, 948, while of I the poor only 655 remained alive ; after fifty | years there remained of the prosperous 557, l\ and only 288 of the poor; at seventy years j! of age there remained of the prosperous 235, ! and but 65 of the poor. The total average !; length of life among the well-off class ' was found to be fifty years, as against thirty- ; 8 two among the poor. ; i Protecting their Parson. — In a country township (says iEgles of the Australasian) the only resident ministers were the Presbyterian and the Wesleyan. A rigid old Presbyterian on one occasion sent for the latter to spiritually console his daughter, who was dangerously ill. The call was readilyresponded to, and aftera conversation with the patient the visitor said that, although he -was at all times willing to visit the sick, no matter of what creed, he was surprised that he should have been sent for in preference to their own clergyman. The mother frankly explained that though 'nae ! doot ' the other would have ' done the lassie more good,' still she was so bad with j the scarlet fever ' we were afraid to risk our j ain minister.' | A Rope from Sheep's Entrails. — A j . strong and durable article of belting is j made at Oakland, California, out of the entrails of sheep. The entrails, which will average about 55 feet in length, are first - thoroughly cleaned and then placed in vats j of brine, where they remain some days. Wlieii thus prepared they are not much [ thicker than a piece of common cotton . twine, and will sustain a weight of about b ten pounds. The next stage in process of §? manufacture is to wind the prepared | material on bobbins, after which the pro cess is the same as in making common rope. This method is used to produce a ; round belt ; but where a wide flat belt is to : be made a loom is employed, and the fine f strands are woven together as in ribbon manufacture. The flat belts are made of any size, and the round of sizes varies from f one-sixteenth up to one and a half inch in diameter. The round belts are made either in the form of a smooth cord, or as ropes j with from three to five large strands. The '* three-quarter inch rope is said to stand a . strain of seven tons, and is guaranteed to last ten years. A Daring Robbery of £15,000. — A dar ing robbery is reported to have been com mitted in London. A Russian gentleman, M. Savitch of Odessa, recently came to London and withdrew from the Bank of 1 England £15,000 in bonds, which he had H inherited on the death of his brother. Not 1 being able to speak English he engaged as 1 an interpreter a Russian named Novitzsky. g After receiving the bonds on Tuesday he 8 left his solicitor with the intention of taking fi the documents to the offices of the National || Safe Deposit Company for better security. m It seems, however, that, apparently by the advice of his interpreter, M. Savitch aban doned this intention, and was induced to accompany Novitzky to his lodgings in , Blandford-street. Here they had supper and sat down to a game of chess. At the conclusion of the game M. Savitch rose to leave, when Novitzky sprang upon him, seized him by the throat, and after nearly strangling him seized the bag containing the bonds and escaped. On recovering his presence of mind M. Savitch went to the nearest police station and steps were imme diately taken to stop the payment of the bonds. A reward of £100 has been offered for the apprehension of Novitzky. Tower City, Dakota, has a water-supply || from a remarkable artesian well. When E the earth was penetrated 560 ft., salt-water 8 was obtained. Twenty feet further down a ji gravelly stratum was struck, yielding also g salt water. After boring down 604 ft. fresh 1 water, mixed with quicksand, came up. 1 Now, from a depth of 675ft., there is' a flow I of pure, potable water of steadily increasing 1 quantity. 1 The Cape Town newspapers recently de- 1 scribed a daring plot to rob the mail-cart containing diamonds for Europe, to the value of £120,000, which was defeated at Kimberley by the confession of one of the confederates who had been deputed to shoot the driver and guard, but who, not liking the part allotted to him, gave information to the police at the last moment. A lady writes to a modest and stupid youth : ' Yes, when you asked me if I would marry you — 0 ! I ought not to have done it, I suppose — but then, it was such an op portunity, and so I j^miled the cue to you and answered 'Nerg |! ' And you stupid, you froze and bog _/like a telegraph pole and left. O ! j^-tr me, and I certainly thought thata^fhis day there was nobody under the sun who was so unpardonably obtuse, so far behind the age and the rage, that he would not have instantly met me with, ' What, never ? ' and given me the chance to reply, ' Well, hardly ever.' '' 