&AmpJ.UW4.C;£ rORESHADOW- XNGS. TELEGRAPHED BY "TOUT CELA." . Sydney, Tuesday Afternoon. . 4hB late Hawkesbury raoes have not af- roroed so thorough an insight into the coming ®dwick events as might have been hoped for. Tie by no means sure— in fact, rather voai merits alone ruled the roast. Yiwte wss a lot of luck about some wins, and a lot of misfortune about others, whilst that dangerous individual, "Johnny Arm strong,' had a good deal to do with certain starters. The most noticeable result of the meeting was that it left but very few of those who took part therein to have any ghost of a show at the Metropolitan tryst next week. But we will begin at the begin ning, and take a cursory, though common- sense, view of tbe Leger by events according to our light. The Hurdle Race, therefore, claims first notioe, and I dismiss the three top weights, not believing they will come to the poet. Eros may carry his owner's colours, bat shall not bear my money, beoanse he cannot oarry his allotted weight. Lsdy Ripon would beat him if sent. Were I sure of Hiero- glyph coming from Melbourne, and being wanted, he should be my pick ; but from present knowledge I must be content with observing that in the absence of these two tbe Hawkesbury winner, Satellite, may re peat her victory, and tight- weighted Kaffir — m ura owner gem a naer who will show judgment, instead of running the first half of the journey at about 1000 miles an hour. The Autumn Stakes aro not likely to see many start, and ehonld result in Progress or Pell Mell winning, though Wellington will be dangerous if sent. The Leger requires more spaoe for a glanoe than a telegram permits, so I most content myself with observing that out of a very select field Somerset is not going free in work. Wheatearis rather light bnt well. Royal Maid looks and goes nicely, and her five pounds allowance should serve her. Spinoingdale still keeps too fractious for safe investment ; and, finally, Monmouth must be deolared to look more blooming and muscular than at any time last spring. It is doubtful whether more than these will face the flag. Putting this and that together, I am prepared to find the result may be — Monmouth first, with Wheatear or Royal Maid seoond. The Champagne Stakes must fall to NavU gator, and there is no use arguing which should get next, though Solitude ought, from her Melbourne running. Tbe Doocaster Handicap iB tike looking for a needle in a bundle of hay, it being impos sible to select even the probable starters. It appears, out of fifty nominated, those look ing best on paper are CunuamuUa, Twilight, Bryan O Lynn, Reault, Prima Donna, and one of these should gain the judge's verdict. Tbe Trial Stakes, for whioh only throe-year- olds and two-year-olds are engaged, may go to Gudarz, Paragraph, or Saionara. The Sydney Gold Cup is likely to have no more than one-third of the horses at tbe post whioh now appear on tbe list, tbe probable number ""s " v» "» actual animais likely to furnish plasee— but taking them in the order of weight, not ohoioe — are Progress, Wellington, Barber, Royal Maid, Drummer, and Sweet William, with Cnsnamulla as the rank outrider that might flop up, on the prio - ciple of you never can tell, this day week. Of ooorse, after watching the early morning work, and Easter Monday running, I shall be better able to plnmp for the Cap winner, and it would be imwise to myself, and unfair to the Spobtsxan 8 many readers, to make a posi tive piok to-day. Betting is rather slack, thongh good prices are offered at abont undermentioned rates : — Sweet William, four to one (taken) ; Drummer, seven to two ; Barber, twelve to one (token and offered) ; Royal Maid, twelve to one (token and offered) ; Wellington and Progress, fifteen to one (offered); Lord Orville, sixteen to one (token aod offered; any others, sixteen to twenty to one. The heavy rains of yesterday and to-day may cause some changes if it oontinnss, as the soft ground would tell against the top wrights, but favour the light ones. 