V.A.T.C. SPRING MEETING. [By Telegraph.] [From our own Correspondent.] Melbourne, October lo. Saturday, October 14, was the concluding day of the Y.A.T.C. Spring Meeting at Caul field. The meeting on that day was one of the most successful ever held by the club. The weather was fine, and there were fully fifteen thousand persons present, including His Excellency the Governor and suite. The racing was splendid, a large field contesting every event. Twenty-four horses started for the Cup, the race for which was a magnificent spectacle, the field being all of a bunch at the finish with the exception of one horse, Lord Burghley, who was hopelessly behind from the start. SECOND HANDICAP HUDDLE RACE. A sweepstakes of 3 sovs. each, with 100 sovs, added. One mile and a half. Lord of Clyde, 9,st. 7 lbs. (Cree) ,. „ ... 1 Merry Maid,.9 st. 7 lbs. (Batty) .. .. 2 Sportsman, 11 st.9 lbs. (Corrigan) .. - ..3 Otherstarters—Dhurringhile.RedRover, Coquette, Annie Laurie, Songster, Telltale, Gambler, Fusilier, Tamwortb, Flambeau. Betting— 4to 1 against Sportsman; 0 Red Rover and Lord Clyde; 7 Merry Maid. Merry Maid, Flambeau, and Red Rover led at the start. Flambeau fell, and Lord Clyde then took the lead and led into the straight, and won by a length and a half, Merry Maid beating Sportsman for second place. Then came Red' Rover,-Dhurringhile, Coquette, Songster, Gambler and Annie Laurie. Tell tale was last. Tamworth threw his rider at the first hurdle. Time, 2 min. 57J- sees. NURSERY HANDICAP. Mr. J. Crozier, jun.'s, br.f. Delusion, by The Englishman—Deceptive, 8 st 7 lbs (Yeomans).. 1 Duenna, 8 st Gibs (O'Brien) .. .. ..2 Honora, 7 st 10 lbs (Stonnell).. .. .. ..3 Other starters:—Quality, Wahgunyah, Kingston, Tristan, Anagram, Tripod, £i3 Bis, Merry Feuella, Goldfinder, Ohlorice, Plaudit, Floughboy, Amelia, Victoria, Miles. Betting—5 to 2 against Delusion, G to 1 Duenna, S to 1 Quality, 10 to 1 others. Delusion, Duenna, Chlorice, and Merry Fenella made the running, the first- named having the pride ot place in the straight, and a grand race ensued Delusion winning by a nose from Duenna, ai_u Honora being two lengths away third. Time, 1 min. 51 sec. CAULFIELD CUP. Of 10 sovs. each (payable at scales), wiili 600 sovs. added, in addition to a gold trophy, value 200 guineas, the gift of A. R. Blackwood, Esq. Tne winner of any handicap race of the value of 100 sovs. after the declaration of the weights to carry 3 ibs extra; of any such race of the value of 200 sovs. 5 lbs extra; of 400 sovs. 7 lbs extra. Penalties not cumulative. The second horse to receive 103 sovs. and the third 50 sovs. out of the stake. One mile and a half. (132 subs ) Mr. IV. Branch's b c Little Jack, 3 yrs, by King Cole—Charade, 6 st 11 lbs (Moore) .. .. 1 Mr. J. R. Cowell's g m Verdure, 5 yrs, by Bethnal •• Green—Target, 6 st 7 lbs (Sheehan) .. .,2 Mr. W, Forrester's bk h Gipsy Cooper, 6 yrs, by Barbarian—Gipsy Girl, 7 st 11 lbs (Cooper) 3 Other starters—Gainsfortli, Darebin, Commotion, Coriolanus, Lord Burghley, Napper Tandy, Santa Claus, Belladrum, Sardonyx, Baron von Mueller, Assyrian, Chrystal, Gudarz, Odd Trick, Fryingpan. Wizard, Prattle, Dongalston, Flyingjib, Queen Cooreena, Mistake, Tumult, Mistaken, Calma, Anglesea, Colstoun, Brunette, Granville, Gardenia. Betting—5 to 1 against Assyrian, G to ljFryingpan and Verdue, 10 to 1 Dougalston, 14 to 1 Little Jack, 15 to 1 Darebin, 100 to G Gipsy Cooper. Dougalston got first away, but Verdure led past the stand, followed by Tumult, Dougalston, Frying pan, Darebin, and. Lord Burghley last. Along the back Assyrian came up second, followed by Calma, Fryingpan, Coriolanus, and Tumult. At the sod wall Assyrian fell back beaten. Calma taking second place and FlyingJib third. The straight was entered by Verdure slightlyin advance of Calma, Little Jack coming up a-fast third. At this distance the race looked a certainty for Ver dure, when Little Jack, who was cleverly ridden, came up on the inside and won a grand race: : Gipsy Cooper beat Calma for third place. Then , came Gudarz, Napper Tandy, Fryingpan, Flying Jib, Mistaken, and the others in a bunch, Lord ' Bnrgldey being in the rear. Time, 2 min. 41J sees. PINDON HARRIERS' GOLD VASE. Two miles. Blackthorn Gate Tipperary. Boy), 11 st 12 lbs (Mr. Schollock) _ „ 1 Alhambra, 12 st 4 lbs (Mr. G. Watson) «. _ 2 Highflyer, 13 st 2 lbs (Mr. Glasscock) ... 3 Other starters .'—Pretender, Skyscraper, Jack, Sir Robert, Clansman, Larrikin, Chippendale, Charnack,: P.G., Bon Accord, Paddy, Crutch, Fish, Brownlock, Findon, Pullet, Chorister, Redoubt, and Canoe. Betting—5 to 2 against Clansman, 7 to 1 Alhambra and Brownlock, 10 to 1 Chippendale and Black thorn. This event was marked by a chapter of accidents, many falls occurring. Fish led nearly the whole distance, followed by Brownlock, Clansman, Alhambra, Highflyer, and Blackthorn, Clansman fell at the third hurdle from home, and Fish fell at the last jump. Blackthorn came in an easy winner, Alhambra, Highflyer, Sir Robert, Chippendale, Clansman, and Skyscraper, following. Time, 6 min.. 41 sec. Larrikin fell, severely injuring Mr. C. Connor, his rider, who had to be carried off the course. OPEN HANDICAP STEEPLECHASE. A sweepstake of 7 sovs. each, with 150 sovs. added. About two miles und a half. Sailor (late Red Rover), 9 st. (MeGowen) .. „ 1 Erin, 9 st 9 lbs (Kilduff) «» 2 Collingwood, 12 st 7 lbs (Mr. McRae) .. „ 3 Other starters:—Euchre, Chrysalis, Stag, Breech loader, Barcoo, Napoleon, Abdallali, Kanaka, Sky scraper, Hands Down. Betting—3 to 1 against Napoleon, 5 Abdallah and Chrysalis, 6 Euchre, 10 Sailor. Abdallah led at the start. Napoleon baulked at the first two fences, and was thus early out of the race. Sailor led past the stand, followed by Barcoo, Kanaka, Abdallah, Hands Down, Euchre, and Breechloader last. Abdallali and Hands Down led the first round, Sailor taking the lead from the lastnamed just after passing the stand. At the back stretch Erin went to the front accompanied by Collingwood, Chrysalis, Barcoo, and Sailor. The last-named came up at this distance, and won with comparative ease.. Collingwood was considerably behind Erin, then came Barcoo, Euchre, Chrysalis, Hands Down, Abdallah, Stag, and Breechloader last. Kanaka fell. No time was taken. WINDSOR HANDICAP. f i Mr. W. B. Rounsevell's br c Prometheus 3 yrs, " by Tubal Cain—Lurline, 8st (Golley) .. 1 Saionara 7st 91b (Norton) 2 Squireen 7st Sib (Walker) .. „ .. 3 Other starters :—Master Avenel,Trevallyn,lGhost, Oaks, Beadsman, King's Head, Mullyan, Her Majesty, Gasalier, Doctor. Betting—6 to 4 against Prometheus; 5 to 1 Saionara, Squireen, Doctor, and Trevallyn; 10 the others. Prometheus, who led nearly the whole distance, won comfortably from Saionara, after whom came Squireen and tlic Ghost and the others in a lump. Time, 1 min. 19 sees. 