NOTES AND COMMENTS. Sir Arthur Gordon evidently cannot recon cile himself to the position of govornor of a colony wluoh onjoys roproaontatlvo govern mont, end his most recent act ot imporiousnoss will hardly add to hU popularity in Now Zealand. For Homo timo past it has boon no eocret that tho Hall Ministry was far from a happy family, and that tho diametrically op pooite views ontortainod by tbo Promior and Mr Bryco with regard to nativo affairs wore certain to bring its caroar to a termination at no distant dato ; and yesterday wo hoard that tho Premier had tomtorod his resignation, pleading ill health as a reason for relinquish ing responsibility. Following tho constitu tional coitrao, and having no reason to suppoao tliat his Cabinet did not possess tho confidence of Parliainout. Mr llall re- commanded tho Governor to placo him- self in communication with Major Atkin- sou, tho TroaBuror, with a view to' tho reconstruction of tho prosont Ministry. But Sir Arthur likos to do things with a high hand, and disregarding constitutional precedent, and disrespecting tho advico of his cliiof advisior, ho has summoned Sir Goorgo Grey to tho oapital to confer with him upon tho political situation. Now tho position which Sir George occupies at tho prosont moment is n peculiar one. Ito loads no party; bo has no adhoronts save those who arc blinded 1 by personal friendship; his impetuous conduct soparatod himself from thoBO wbo woro best able to aid him in conducting tho public bum. noes1; aud yet bo bag boon summoned to the helm of tho ship of state Thoso who romom bor the uufortunnte incidents that marked tho choquorod career of tho Groy Ministry wil viow with grave apprebonsiou tho return of its chief to power, with a weak and obstiuato following, but cortainly, ovon though it may sun itsolf in vico- rogal favor, without theoon fldenco of tho pooplo of Now Zoalaud. It would appear that, in olden times, the judges in Englnnd had by no means such hard work imposed upon them as their modern brethren. In Do Laudibus Legutn Anglue at a timo wbon thorp woro fivo or six judges in tho Common Bench, and four or fivo on tho King's Boncb, it !b stated that their Honors eat but tbroo hours each day, commencing at 8 o'clock in tho morning — when our modern solon iB crunching his toast— and rising at 11 -o'clock. Thon they diuod, after which they spent tho remainder of the day studying IaW and reading Holy Scripture. Tho contem plative man's recreation so much bepraised by Izaak Walton was much in favor among judges of the fifteenth coutnry— who, indeed, may bo supposod to have boon a species of tho Budhist Boorghyos ; and altogether they would appear to have boon a vory rospoctablo and dozy lot, Thoir vacations wore frequent and long, and altogether they seem to have hod very rosy times of it. If any of thoso old ghosts could appear in the flesh in our times and note tho hard work which is per formed by our judges, who Bit mi "the avorag3 sovon hous a day, they would be 'disposed, we imagine, to return post haste to Ghostland, In England, it is proposed to still fnrthor cut down tho judges' holidays, and tho increasing labors whioh these valuable public servants havo now to undertake may well causo them, with a sigh of regret, to envy tho quiet' and contemplative existence of their Plantagonet predecessors. There is something comical in tho telegram which informs us that three thousand Chinoso have departed from the Flowery Land for America They have sailed for British Columbia, proposing by this course to evade any restrictive legislation which may havo beon adopted in tho iotorval of thoir departure from China and thoir arrival in America. Of course, they will find littlo difficulty in passing from British territory into that of tho United Statos, Thoir notion is character istic, and suggests tho nttor futility o any precautions which may be taken against tho influx of Chinoso short of complete banishment of the race from Amorican soil Thepassivo persistency with which'tbis singular race accomplish their ends has marked tho history of European colonisa tion all over the world. In Manilla tho Chinese inhabitants, to tho . number of many thousands, weremassacred three sovcral times. At this dny tboy hold all tho retail business in the city ; poesest plantations throughout tho Phillipino group ; and exorcise a marked in fluence upon thecommorce and industrial posi- tion of tho Spanish colonies gener ally. At Formosa thoy swarm. Yot former Chinoeo immigrants were cut to pieces on sovoral occasions of . thoi -attempts to settlo on tho island. More, thoy woro tortured, baked, eaten ; fed and fattened like pigs for tbo Epicurean aboriginals, At this day, however, John Chinaman is tbo merchant, tho farmer, tho planter, the manu facturer in Formosa. Such persistence as his argues an irresistible force which nothing les3 than tho most arbitrary legislation— impossiblo in the United States— can chock. The pro blem of tho heathen Chineo is one which it will bo difficult— ui equity— fop Americans to solve, It is astonishing how old instincts cling to .a man, and though' you may teach an old dog new tricks ho is a very sad old clog at in tervals, The worthy King Thakombau, though a most cstimablo old gentleman in his later life, was Baid more than once to havo expressed a longing for baby-pie, and was occasionally seen to cost a gloating eye over a well fed. missionary. Civilisation alwaya viksj the savage and is but veneer after all. A prominonfc oxamplo of this is given by Mr Aylward in the last number of "Eraser" giving a description of "how the Baeuto Rantzani, a nophew of tbo chief Mob- both, after leading for years the life of an edu cated luxurious . Kaffir dandy, suddenly relapsed into tho Pagan barbarism of his youth at the very momont when lie was delivering an eloquent harangue in favour of civilisation, education, and peace Rantzani, dressed in tho pink of fashion, was discoursing to an assembled nalnvm moned to decide on a question of peace or war with the Free State, on tho importance of fioace. He began well; but his paper collar chafed his neck. In trying to smooth it ho broke (no button-hole, and in attempting to keep it in its plaoe ho lost patience, wrenched it off altogether, and, immediately nftor an eloquont eulogy of "the regular life of tho Bchool, the. happy happy, quietude of a district, won to tho regularity of Chnrch and labor" ho burst font ,,I am tirod of this imposture. A somotbing arises within mo j it springs on mo now, it tellemo I am talking nonEenBO, playing apart I was never fit for. These clothos (which as ho spoke ho tore off and flung on the ground) conflno free limbs once unfottorod by any of tho trammels of this civilised life that I havo boon trying to praise but cannot endure. Away with this spurious civilisation. Away with tho chains wo lay upon oursolves. Lot thoso who will havo MoBheah and freedom follow mo. Liberty is worth more than a blanket, and tho name of a warrior better worth than this." Aftor this emphatic peroration, the youilg cbiof, now standing naked before his people, sot fire to tho sohoolhouse, burnt down all tho appliances of civilisation in tho village, and disappeared among tho hills. Ho fought brnvclyjin thejwar.but after it was ovorhenevor returned to his foimcr life, ' Since his oscapo ho becsmo more and more savage ; and, although be is fairly well off, and still main tains a carriogo and horses, and yot his pleasures are pagan, and be is a thief and a , liar. 