te- McDONAZLD V. HUlGIIES. il This case is reported at great length in red tl:o Iframilton Spectator, and from our con led temtporary'scolumns we extract the follow s ingo:--Angnus Cameron, overseer at Oak o hauk station, dopoaed to seeing MuDonnld, 0'Y hia wife, and family at .Oakbbnk. itd Mrs. Cameron stayed some "consilorablo or" time there, and McDonald visited the dl ,station seven or eight times. M'Phail und M. Mrs. Camleron directed witness in the per Id fornanc? of his duties,. IleDonald never Illy gave him any directions wllatever. Did not reneamuber Mrs. Cameron telling Ir. witness to take his instructions from Ll McDonald. It might have boon said. k M, McDonald said Ihe was acting as a friend a* to Mrs Cameron. Mnr. Cameron in pro o. scuco of witness told McDonald she hoped i Iho wtis not noglecting hIis own business, or- and ho replied "No" that his son could oi mannage it tfr him. McDonald o n noc on cession said he was going to try and rent es, LHilgay, and as the last tenant paid £13"00 of a yer he thought thorlit that quite enough. S Mrs. Cameron consulted M'Phail and wit Sness about this matter, and the result was rto Mrs. Cameron declined to let it. MoDoa ho nald thin said if he could get MlPhail ro nl moved from Ililgay it would be eusy for him to got the station. Another timeo 0 McDonald sa Id ho was going to borrow £4000 from Mrs. Caimoron, as he was paying high interest to the lank. The tor last time McDonald was at Oakblrar wit d neos drove hirm. Witness asked if Iho was i r- going to succeed in getting the money Pt from Mrs. Cameron. He said "No, she '- will do notlhing unless she is frightneld, ls and I don' Iknow how it can be done un Io less you put a sh.ort over you and rdrug a chlain along the voranudth, s-aying in ita Inlterlng way that rnless shoe carries out 'Ilo her husband'u intontionu somerthing will ir- happen." Wite:s said " It wumllsd kill Vu the woman." McDonald roptliil "No felr is I will back you up." Witness reported u this mctter, to Mrs. Cameron, amul McDon Cr. old never camo t t the station again. HIis Honor (Mr. Justice Willltis) in it summingi up called the tlleution of the en jury to thi ruling of tilh M.LIster of the Lin IaIs nd otheor learned Judlges, that in thile caro of actions by a living person agaiusL Sthill stato of a deecas,,d ,io.:on,. the jury r must satisfy themsenlves most cld:irly that °r. the claim of thli prilntiff is a good onle and suppli.rted b'. tire strictest piroof, more I. particularly if no claim Ir?s been mrlale in the life time of the deeeneod. tIt re grotted that uvoeral little poinlts and col lutorial issuae had been importedl into theo aewe ewhich rd nothiing to do with the natlter in haind. If tiley believed dlfenrd. ant's view' of the case, it was that they diii re. at dety that i.Deunali hiad durl seO l 1Y work, lIbt thal:t he hail been paid frr it n and if he clhose to go and mlake hlinelf Suseful to a wealthy relative in the oxpec ltatiin that she would leave hIim a legacy, I which expectation was not flflilled, why thoun he would rsimply have made is badi Scspeculation, and woutl not be entitled to I ci ai?l ainything. The chief point to con rs siler was whether t!i Ils priliOi \vas anido I by .Mirs. Cameron in lher life-tirsn that if MDotnall conduter d her aeatira she woulid handsonmly rumrinerate hil. Was there anry saap of writiing or other evi dolene colnfirmning tllo existence of such a promise, and what were the probabilities t of the arso? His iHnor then alludle to J' a~voral circnumstances detailed in evidence, I' it neh IaS tl t great olicitudtll maifested by h it everybody, that Mrs. ('slneoren shoulld r imakei ai will; whicith scoied to calw that C i thos who were rlaaty"s dreading that the i property would go to tile IIiughen family, had certain orelptations under a till. It wats curio:l that thrr wais no reference irn any I letter from Mrs. Cunoron or any boly lseo implying thait MclDonald was to ibe reward- t evl. ?lcDirlnd iotrassumed to be a hbu ineos man it irl tShe !an:lrguuernt of largir staotrn Iproa ponteHs irnI it hlar:lly ly ii hIis mnth ito cay c that hui lid not hisvo btie rllehged agerment? with Mris. Uasnl'mrrT i.nt into writting, hecnso lte \wtirs not business rman. Ilsi conduct in not keeping copies of letters, or pro a servinig dooumentts whrich formelcl the solo basis of his claim, was very unbsinesse.like. Assuming that the aulthority to act for Mrs. In Cameron had bIeen given, "Ind tihat tihue wirls of it Ihad boen corrietly etaiteil, " auitlroriea ny dear frirlnd, linuli MDl)onali, to trenns art oeverstthling in ennncti'i wrr ti l y iml rrl- CC IstC"--t'hi' did liot imply tihat Ie w;its lei- si piloyed as Ia paid iagn t. The dlocument tihe Li plraltiit Il' a been lilghtilng n e trongly to rove, rtllrer toll agninst hinti than rilier wise, for it used the words, "dear fri.nrd" inutend of sotting forith that MOltoainlI wan to ib a "vaid rtagt." tl'liq dlrtill Lent wia Ir entirely liiside the mcao , ti ?rel ire, for it tit wouli have to hIt givetl, no maitter wrhethur vin Moll onnhi was aceting grattitornsl ai rs ntie fri-ni, Fir in tL' -Lcrrpity f Ira a uirs s?tr ol Iid tol a o a i illn)iii ii. It wl1r sigittiii rutr that MoDonald went.i Io ,tlevill to oak is pirr isiruii tI trieinll iv r Ml. ii Clllliri' bil, y , T iril tht;.iiruvill efrdfl . W as it Ir, r t1 that Mlii)airu i t Ii i,,relisnn weint to MIrs. aunlicing to snisti fl rie Ilii Cllhry lrsl?n,? it + anI giens for 5at cliCi i pireet. o ruslllty 1 ( 'L'hi visits orrf lel)salr1i to Ollerbur, of llamnilton, and tother piaren wori qr ut in hoeping wilth tlie u psitlon that hr wUs cha actinog a a frioud. It was irnportaut,that wa :hw o 8tht.r f rch at ti, r, i,. , If tily, j 'ur, olire d the evih .? ,, Camron,t the plaint['. s r., a b ly hb n o ilt ., I i u t i o t in . , tr1 o t : to tlhl:t evidnceo Mcbonai C,1eront woull 'do unt l she was irgitoltelned into it. Iliat, read over tli. portion of hil , and said a ailui was evidenl t Orl, sonmething under the will-tthl ':e looking for his reward in that dirm)I When asked aboat the ghost osto IIfl. ald did not dety it, but sh!i\it cation to another uprson, bIy f in, hr ferrcd to Mliss ilnyn. An,1a y Ntt denied tlhro was any referct; ,a'r I dyes and he went fiurther t, swered that it would kill f end11 ovoetually told that iay ll . McDonalds's propurosal to bring tg':t on tite scone. 'iThe truth of Ang ?o,0 evid~lentce tcleed to be borno ou' fact that. MoDonald did not see Cameron any more after tlhat .T a ovidence McDonald hail to produ that friendly relations betprctn ta 1al Mrs. Camorou had not been diatta was a litter sunt by Miss Iyos as a? 1 ensis for Mtrs. Cameron in re from McDonald. A morn c 'I l dcuction tihan this from liisa 134 never saw, as it was to tbo effect ti Mrs. Cameron desired Mr, htc assiitanco tshe would let hin, k tihe jury thought the promiseo Ld 11 alnde, they would consider howr plaintill was outitled to. Or if hucky tt give a verdict on tho second aunt W would consider whether the Er£l 0c11 lodged by [McDonald to lIavnu leo c? from Mrs. Cameron was sullicito to0' the expenses he had beocn -pa to whether his full claim for .t9 l t expenses out oE pocket should 1" alnkh Or lastly they couold return a gltnaj i didet, and assoess the damages l thou forence to counts. The jury after about an hourns i totion found a verdict for plaintiff , ages £700. 