LAW AND CRIMINAL COURTS. SUPREME COUET.— IN BANCO. THURSDAY, JTOE 22. [Before their Honors the Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Boucaut, and Mr. Justice Andrews.] The Attorney-General (Hon. J. W. Downer) moved in the matter of a practitioner of the Court for a rule nisi to compel him to answer certain affidavits, „ ;n iicfnnlt ttmt he should he dealt with in onch manner as the Court thought fit The practitioner laid an information on the instructions of a client at a country Local Court for wages. He obtained an order from the Court, but there was an appeal against the order by the defendant, who paid his solicitor five guineas for conducting the appeal. The appeal was won by the informant, and when he asked for his money he was offered a post-dated cheque. He refused to take that, however, and sued the solicitor, who pleaded and set up a deed of assignment Mr. Downer cited late cases in 16, Weekly Notes, 303 and 25 Solicitor? Journal, 630. Bule nisi granted. STOCK V. STOCK. Mr. Moore moved that a decree nisi for dissolu tion of marriage obtained on November 30, 1881, should be made absolute. Decree granted. WOOD V. NATIONAL MUTUAL LIFE ASSOCIATION OF ?? AUSTRALASIA, LIMITED. This was a motion for a new trial, or for a verdict to be entered for the defendant Mr. W. H. Bun tley Q.C., with Mr. J. H. Symon, Q.C., for the appellant; the Hon. J. W. Downer, Q.C. (Attor ney-General), with Mr. H. F. Downer, for the re spondent. An action wa3 brought by Mr. Wood, Curator of Intestate Estates, for the amount of the policy of insurance effected on the life of Ernest Neville. Neville committed sniciie, and the Association resisted payment on the ground that he committed suicide while in a state of unsound mind. On the trial the Jury found a verdict for the plaintiff, and this motion was now brought on the ground that the verdict cf the Jury was against the weight of evidence. The question was entirely one of evi dence, and rested almost altogether on whether or not Neville was insane, the Attorney-General's principal point in support of his contention of in sanity being that deceased had said that he had drawn several pictures under the influence of the spirits, and had seen a spirit in the street in Mel bourne. The case was argued at great length. The Chief Justice, in giving judgment, said this was a rule for a new trial or to enter a verdict for the defendant. After hearing the evidence read the Court was of opinion that there must at all events be a new trial, because the verdict as reported by the learned Judge who tried the case was unsatis factory to him, and the very able arguments of the Attorney-General and of his learned junior had failed to remove that impression. The only point on which he had had any doubt was as to whether there should be a new trial, or whether a verdict should be directed to be entered for the defendant. He agreed with the Attorney-General that where the right to have a question in issue tried by a Jury had been demanded by either party, the Court would not be justified in depriving him of that right by a judg ment being entered contrary to the verdict of the Jury where there was any reasonable evidence to be sub mitted to the Jury in support of the verdict they had found, however that verdict might differ from the opinion the Court would have formed on the case. Therefore the only question in the case, as far as he was concerned, nad been whether there was any reasonable evidence to be submitted to the Jury as to the insanity of the assured. With respect to that the evidence was that the assured undoubteiUy committed suicide, and that he was a believer in spiritualism. He believed that with a number of symbolical drawings very skilfully executed he had been assisted by extrinsic power, and he had stated in conversation with a friend that some eight or ten years before, in a street in Mel bourne, he had been conscious of the presence of k-me disembodied spirit, and had stood out of the way to allow that spirit to pass. Those were the only particulars laid before the Jury upon a careful trial, and after every source of evidence had been tried to lead the Jurv to the conclusion that the assured was insane. It appeared to him, in the first place, that the fact of the man taking his life with nis own hand was not of itself evidence of insanity, however morally wrong the act might be. With respect to the belief in spiritualism, there were many persons of undoubted sanity who shared the belief of communication with spirits, and to some assistance from them in guiding the hand in the execution of drawings of this kind. Therefore that circumstance, taken alone, would, not !)? suf ficient evidence to justify the Jury In finding a person insane. Then, again, the tact that the man had said he had seen a ghost some years befcre would not be sufficient to justify the Jury in finding that the man's reason was so over turned that he did not understand the quality of an act, or that his will was paralysed. But when in juxtaposition to the arguments that had been used in support of insanity there was placed the evidence of persons with whom he was in communication from day to day, who were on terms of intimacy with him in business, when he looked at the intelligence and self-control which the correspondence mani fested, and at the evident balancing of whether it was better to live or to die, and the circumstances of design under which he took his life, it appeared to him that the arguments which, standing alone, would have been altogether unsatisfactory were altogether demolished, anil that if he had been trying the case instead of his learned colleague, if it had been put to him that there was no reasonable evidence to be put to the Jury on the plea of insanity, he had no doubt he would have felt it his duty to direct the Jury that it was their duty to find a verdict for the defen dant But as there was no application at the trial on the part of the defendant to direct a verdict he would have done as his learned colleague had — called the attention of the Jury to the evidence in support of either view, with a strong intimation of his opinion as to the effect of the evidence. That being the case it was agreed that as there was no application to direct a verdict at the trial, the Court should not direct judgment to he entered now. The Court, however, would only by a convenient rule of practice avoid the necessity of anew trial, which, as Lord Bramwell remarked, was in most instances a reproach upon the law ; and, in addition to that, there wa3 a provision in the Snpreme Conrt Act that the rules on being laid on both tables of the Legislature were to have the force of law. It appeared to him, therefore, that the Court was not in any way overruling the Act, but was acting within its powers in directing judg ment to be entered for the_ defendant. Mr. Justice Boucwt said he always struggled as violently as he could against forming an impression without hearing everything that could be stated, but he had certainly formed a strong impression that it was utterly imDossible that this verdict could stand ; and though he admitted the ability of the Attorney-General's arguments, they had not shaken him in the view he had taken. He had a strong view against interfering with the verdict of a Jury, but it was per lectly clear that it was the duty of the Judges to deal with the matter when they thought a verdict . was wrong. There was no doubt, as the learned Chief Justice bad pointed out, that the constant new trials nnder the old system were a great reflec tion on the English law ; but the Legislature in its wisdom had introduced a new scheme by which the dnty was thrown on the Judges — where they saw a new trial must end in the same way to say 'we will decide what the law is in this case, which appears to have been fought out' The Court must be satisfied that the whole merits of the case were before it, and he thought that was s ) in this case. Then he had no doubt Mr. Ju«t:rc Andrews was correct in his summing up. It might have been that if he had been trying the case, and Mr. Symon had asked him at the end cf the case to tell the Jury there was no evidence, he would have done so : but still the case must have gone to the Jury, and there must have been a new trial, as the verdict of the Jury was contrary to law. He did not think, therefore, that the argumsnt of the Attorney General, subtle as it was, should influence him in saying there should be a new trial rather than a judgment for the defendant. But what the Attorney-General's argument came to was that any person who was a little eccentric, and who had sufficient independence to run out of the ordinary jrroove of mind, would be a lunatic Well, he (His Honor) was not prepared to say that, and the Attorney-General when put to it had said that the mere delusion was not sufficient unless there ? ?was an incapacity to judge between right and ?wrong. It was not because a man made mistakes about numerous faiths— some of which were absurd to other minds— that he was insane. His illnsion moat have reference to the act done before it conld be said to be evidence of insanity. He was not satisfied that this man's mind was unhinged, but if it ? were, unless the unhinging had some reference to the act done it was not an act which the law accused. Neville, however, based his action on a knowledge of his position. He knew it was dishonourable not to pay his creditors, and he balanced whether it would be better to go to piol or 'shuffle off this mortal ooiL' It seemed rather absurd in these days to-say, because a man believed in spiritualiTn, he was insane, because there were many clever men who had a complete belief in it, and it might be argued in the same way that many fervent religionists were insane. If it were held that there was evidence of this man being insane, every man who committed suicide could easily be proved to be insane. He was not prepared to say that, or that a believer in spiritualism was necessarily insane, and therefore be thought the direction of his learned colleague was right, and there must be a verdict entered for the defendant : Mr. Justice Andrews said he thought judgment ? must be entered for the defendant. \Vhen he had been trying the case he had virtually put it to the Jury that he could see no evidence of insanity either in the letters, the pictures, or the evidence. As the objection that hail been referred to was not taken he had left the case to the Jury, so that virtually the verdict, which he believed to be against the ? weight of evidence, was opposed to his summing-up. Judgment entered for the defendant, with costs. CORNELIUS AND ANOTHER V. COOPEE ; BOWEN CLAIMANT. Mr. von Doussa appeared for the execution ?creditors ; the Hon. J. W. JDowner (Attorney General) for the claimant. This was an inter ' pleader summons tried hefore the Mount Barker Local Court On the trial it was contended for the _ execution creditors that the notice of the claimant ? was insufficient, as it did not state the grounds of the claim. The Court found a verdict for the : claimant, subject to the opinion of the Supreme Court on the point as to whether the grounds of . claim set opt were a sufficient compliance with the requirements' of section UC of the Local Courts Act, No. 15 q£lS61. Mr. von Doussa cited Re£. v . Chilton, 15Q.T}.,*2-J0,Insttpportof his contention that the provisions of the Act hod not been complied with ; but the Chief Justice said the question must .- be answered in the affirmative, as the statement that the goods were lent by the claimant to the de fendant under agreement on hire was a sufficient t ' statement of the ground of claim. r ?; - The Court adjourned till next day. 