ALL SORTS OF ITEMS. Four brines bave oome all at ocoe to lbs Tyler," of Kansas, and each weighs 41bs. It it supposed that Mr Tyler will lecture. An innocent-looking young servant girl kept her employer's family in a fright for six months at Norwich, CVmn., by ringing tiie door-bell and rapping on the -windows at unseasonable hours. They were sure that a ghost was about, and it was only after watching for twdve nights that a detective solved tiie mystery. Chicago baa a peculiar style of shoplifting. The " lady," elegantly dressed, enters a crowded millinery store, where she tries on an expensive bonnet. While she is looking • ? at her appearance in tiie mirror she modestly requests the saleswoman to have the elastic on the old hat changed. When the saleswoman returns the "lady" and the new bonnet bave disappeared. A doll that will open its month and swallow candy—called the eating doll—is the latest Frraich novelty. The great Junius said be never knew a rogue who' was not unhappy. ." My child, what is aif erring man?" said a deigyman at a school examination in Aberdeen to the brightest pupil. v "Tbe fishnMnger, sir," was tie reply. The Butte, M.T., Miner says the young wife of B. F. Nutten, of Jefferson City, recently eloped with Edward Hurley. The elopers -((pe pursued by tiie husband and overtaken at Butte. Hurley was put in gaol, and tiie lady sent home to her parents ataalt Lake City. Teacher to a small boy—What does tbe verb say about those who live iadw Cises? Small bey—Pull down the biisca. An affectionate mother, noticing bar little daughter wipe her month with her dress sleeve, aakedwhat her handkerchief was for, and received for answer—" It's to shake at the ladies in the street. That's what papa does mtii bis." Dr Johnson says of second marriages — "They are the triumph of hope over experience." " - • * . A HawkinBville, Ga., lawyer has a mortgage on aaet of teeth belonging to a lady in Dooly county. Archdeacon Kirby gays when he went to Bed Kiver, in 185% he met a little barefooted boy, and asked him if he didn't want m v to go to school. He Baid he did, and went. That little Indian boy is now James Northway, Prime Minister of Manitoba. Henry V31ard is to expend 1,000,000 dollars in the erection of a residence on Madison avenue, near Fiftieth street, New York. Sidney Dillon ia building a mansion which will throw Vanderbflfs into the shade. Bonanza Mackay is arranging to outrival all by s palace at Central l'aJk. George M. Pollman has a home in Chicago that cost nearly 400,000 doL, -where he lives most while in Amnio. He has elegant summer places on the St. Lawrence and at Long Branch. He spends much of his time in Kurope. Mr Pullman got his start in mining in Colorado. Mrs Irwin, a sister of Mis Sams Webster, both noted beauties of Alabama, died recently at Huntsville. She was known as "tbe Southern Florence Nightingale." Daring the Civil War she had hospitals wherever the army of the Tennessee could be reached, and after tiie war she established an asylum for the orphans of the Confederate soldiers. Mrs Langtry's costume cm the occasion of her recent dehvt as » professional actress was dainty but simple. She work a pink dress of a very delicate shade, with lace disposed about it, and a pannier. Her lace collar showed the neck and throat; it was the counterpart of the one in her last portrait by MrMQlais, and her only ornaments were a diamond arrow brooch on a belt with • diamond clasp. On one hand she wore her wedding ring, and on tbe other a small diamond, and a couple of braceleta decorated her wrists. 