DORCAS-STREET PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH, Special setnions to commemorate the 28th anniversary of the Presbyterian Church meet ing in Dorcos-strcet, Emerald Hill, were preached by the Rev. Dr. Macdonald, D.D., and tho Kev. Mr. Shearer. There was a large attendance of hearers at both services. In addressing his congregation in the morn ing, Dr. Macdonald announced for his text the words of St. Paul, " I kuow whom I have be lieved."—2 Timothy, 1 chap. 12th verse. The revorend gentleman proceeded :— No mere man ever contributed so much to wards the formulation of the christian faith as did the Apostle Paul. I believe that with one exception—and that* exception of course the exception above every exception—no man ever helped so much to make civilised nations what they arc, no one man over impressed himself so much on tho literature, civilisation, morals and general condition of men as did the man of Tarsus. He lived in a century that produced great men, great leaders, great administrators, great writers, great teachers, the age of Augustus and the Ciesars; and yot tlie impressions of tlio great haughty Romans, the kings of men, which now remain after a lapse of many ecnturies are as nothing when "compared to thusc of the lowly, insignificant looking Jew who went about without sword or i scrip, and taught about One lowlier still. There was in that humble Jew talent, scholar ship, genius, fervour, devotedness, all of the highest ring, and all given witheut any reserve to humanity and to God, and so while the namo of Octavius—the conqueror of Brutus' the renovator of Eome—the greatest adminis*. trator of ancient times, and with him tho whole Augustane era of literature havo paled before newer names and newer literature, the names, the writings, the labours and the faith of th0 great apostle are more widespread than ever, and will continue to ineseaao ill loving ap preciation while tho world lasts. This marvel lous success is not traceablo to outward cireurii. stances, as surely it may be said of Paul,' i over o! any man, that the world was against him. Rulers, priests, teachers, mob-passion, all raged against him. It was not the triumph of oratory, as though he was a Greek scholar. It does not appear that ho had an, oratorical command of the language of Demosthenes— one of the leading languages of the period, ; a full knowledge of both of which was necessary in those days to public speakers. I presumo I need not interpose hero with ; tho remark "that oven thoso who believo in the inspiration of Paul the writer, do not believe the inspiration of Paul the speaker. It is only all scripture what is given'by inspiration, and I do not know any one who believes that'the man Pau was always inspired, though my own-idea is that lie was about 'as near it as fallen man could well be. At any rate, after considering the matter I have not been ablo to persuade myself that Paul had the gift of tongues. He did not write classic Greok even in his inspira tions, and I presume that he spoke it as ho wrote—as a foreigner and a Jew. To those accustomed to Greek orations his spceclv would betray him and tell against him, so that his' success as a teacher was not duo to his com mand of Attic Greek ; and as to the other grea language of the timet-he Latin the probabilities are that he "must have learned the use of it, though. I do not know that ho ever U80d;it in his public work. ' , Then, if Paul's success was not duo to his oratorical!uso of the languages of Athens and Homo, neither, I am sure, was it due to his personal presence. All tradition asscrts.that lie was small, weakly, puny, and there is no reason to doubt tho truth of tho allegation. His own reference to the matter was that ho had many physical infirmities, that in placo of a Jovc-like physique, and a head whoso nod would shako the spheres, he was'fccblc in body and anything but impressive in appearance, while .we know that his Corinthian enemies, as quoted by himself, said with probably, much show of truth, that • his bodily presence was weak, and his speech contemptible. Paul's ascendancy over tho human mind is probably the greatest instance on record of he triumph of mind. You remember what Macaulay writes of the two "leaders at the battle of Landen— one of the most tremendous days in the annals of war:—" It is probable that among tlie one hundred and twenty thousand soldiers Who were marshalled round Iveerwiiideii under all the standards of Western Europe, the two feeblest in body were the hunchbacked dwarf, who urged forward the fiery onset of Prance, and the asthmatic skeleton, who covered the slow retreat of England." And it may also bo said that of all the great movements of 'human history the one that was due least, at its origin, to adventitious circumstances is the one which has proved the greatest, the best, and the most enduring, and all due, under God, more •than to. any other; one: human cause," to the heroic spirit, the heroic faith, and the heroic labours of the Apostle Paul. In giving this place in ccelesiology to Paul, I aiu sure that no man would be more angry at mo than Paul himself if I passed on without insisting'on the truth that all Paul's great famo and great usefulness arose from the fact that in the Christian movement his name was for ever linked to a greater name—the namo above every namo-andthat after all he was only an in strument, having boon separated by God to the Apostolic work from his mother's womb— and before. Surely the sovereignty of God is abundantiy shown in the conversion and whole life of Saul of Tarsus. No one urged more than Paul himself that he was due his all, his existence, his life, his salvation, his Apostle ship, his very all to the sovereignty and: grace of God. Indeed, I cannot understand to this hour how any one can account for Paul at all, except on principles of sovereignty and grace—two great kindred doctrines of evangelical belief, and two doctrines which we Presbyterians hold—or should hold—most firmly as at. tho very foundation of the Christian faith. Yes, the Christian Church owes much to the Apostle Paul; but she owes what she is due to Paul, through Paul to a greater than Paul, because she owes Paul himself, with all that ho ever was, ever said, ever died for, to the all wise, all holy, almichty, all sovereign, ever-gracious God—blessed be His name. " Our Father who art in Heaven, hallowed bo thy name, thy kingdom come, thy will be done on earth as it is 111 Heaven. Give us this day our daily bread, and forgive us our debts as we forgive our debtors, and lead us not into temptation but deliver us from evil—for Thine is tho king dom, and the power, and the glory, for ever Amen." My business in this lecture is to give some account of the. faith of tho Apostlo Paul. No man ever moulded tho faith of others so much, and it is a deeply interesting question to iinquirc what was his own faith. Is o man ever did so much in building up the church-believers in their most holy faith, and in our search after . the instrumental power which is constructing the christian edifice of living stones, we cannot avoid asking what was the faith which aui .nated this master-builder himself ? Happily we have fuller information about tho faith and the inner life of tho Apostle Paul than about any man of ancient times. He was not only an apostle and a christian statesman deep in tho counsels of tho New Movement, he was also a voluminous writer, and his writing? aro all on one subject—his religion, his faith, his Lord and Saviour. The book which we call the Acts of the Apostles contains more about Paul than about any mere man—a book written by his immediate follower, Lnko ; but, besides, we have thirteen epistles, or as they might bo called in these times, volumes (rolls), written by himself, exclusive of the Epistles to tho Hebrews, the human author of which has concealed Ilia name, and ns to the authorship of which there are various opinions, aiul what ever other notions people may have about these thirteen pieces of writing, no one seiiously questions that they are one and all full of tlie religious belief and experiences of tho man who of all others in the first century stauds out clearest against the christian sky. Now, as our object is not the mere historic one of as certaining the fact about Paul's cccd, but also the farther one of seeing how they tended to promote the Christian cause, and raise the Christian church, it is important to inquire, not only what his faith was, but even before entering on that question, to askhow lie got it, because in our argument the sources of his faith are as important as the faith itself. Wo had no difficulty in fixing whence Nathaniel and Peter got (heir deep impressions of Christ. It was from the personal Presence, and from the lips of Jesus himself; and if it could bo alleged that Paul got his convictions at second hand, there might bo 100111 for asserting that we are overestimating the value of them from tho ecclesiological point of view. At this stage I must not be tempted with any discussion as to the genuineness, authenticity, or inspiration of tho writings of Paul. I have a right to take j the orthodox view of these subjects for granted, and to hold that what the apostle himself says about the sources of Christian kuowlecire and impressions must bo simply| nie. Just as I feel that X have learned more about the per sonal majesty and divinity of Christ from his own words and claims, so I know the most about Paul from his own averments? and he asserts most positively that he got all his faith direct from Christ himself. ]3e it remembered, that though an apostle, he was not one of tho twelve. We have no reason to believe that lie over heard or saw Jesns in the flesh. He might have been a student at the feet of Gamaliel in Jerusalem during the public ministry of Christ. It seems not unlikely that lie was present in the city during the awful week of tho Cruci fixion, though there is not a hint to that effect in all his writings. Yet ho saw tho personal Saviour, although it was out of due season. Saul saw Jesus, the light from heaven, just in time to constitute him an apostle, and also ■ literally heard the voice of Jesus saying, " I am .Testis." Paul's great contemporary, Peter, could say, " We have not followed cunningly devised fables when we make known unto you the power and coming of our Lord Jesus Christ, but worn eye-witnesses of His majesty. Ji'or He received from God the Father honours and glory, when there camo such a voice to Him from -the-oxcellont glory—-'.This-is My Beloved Son,.in whom, Lain well pleased"— and this voice which cauib from Heaven we heard wlien -we wore with Him in tho Holy Mount." iThis was 'Fetor's strong, argument in vindication of his own faith and apostlcship. j But Paul had ns stroiig a justification, for ho too, saw Jesus in glory,-and lie, too, heard tho voice from heaven, saying in the Hebrow tongue—the language of the hearer's, heart, if hot the language of the sneaker's I am Jesus, whom thou pcrsecutest."; Now, there is nothing more curtain than that Paul claims 111 his writings that lie had direct'reve lations from, the Lord—the Lord' always in the writings of Paul meaning the". Krd: Jesus. The following passsage is conclusive—"J will come to visions and rovelations of tlie'Lord. I knew (or know) a man in Christ above four teen years ago,.whether in the body I cannot tell, or whether oufc of the, body I cannot tell —C4od knowcth. Sucli an one caught: up to the third lieaven—and heard uuspeakablo words, which it is unlawful for a man to utter." It is clear that Paul is speaking hero modestly of himself, and whatever theory we may enter tain in explanation of the mystery implied in the passage,; and there can be no doubithat lie means t" say that lie ha I a direct revelation from heaven..:; This .is also , implied in ! the vision of the Man of Macedonia, and nkw in the vision of tho ship which was about to bo wrecked. " There stood by mo this night, the Angel of God, whose I am, and whom I serve, saying, 'Fear not, Paid, thou must be brought before Ca:sar; and.lo ! God hath given.wee all them that sail with thee,' wherefore,-sirs, bo of good cheer, for I believe God that it shall be even as it was told 1110." Here was the sub limity of faith on the part of the prisoner Paul, and might well be : tho. subject of many a homily, but following my own special line, I simply;.dwell on tho fact that Paul had direct revelations froiB the Xord._ There is another passage in his writings which is all important in this connexion, namely, the jiassago which gives Paul's, account of'the institution of tho Lord's supper—" I have received of the Lord that which I also delivered unto you that tho Lord Jesus the same night in which he was betrayed took bread." ; This passage proves that the Lord was sensibly present with Paul, and communing with him, not only on leading occasions, but also informing him. minutely about the doctrines and institutions of' tho Gospel, detailing to Paul the- very words in which the Sacrament of the Supper was insti tuted. It is true that the same words are sub stantially in the Gospels, but we have hero PaulV direct testimony'that ho had received his own account straight from the Lord. As a matter of fact we do not know that the A'postle Paul ever saw. any one of tho four gospels. There is not an allusion m all his writings to any of the Scriptures of . the New Testament, and it is by no means improbable that some of his own writings were not penned before tlio Gospels became known. It is evident that many, if not all the epistles of Paul wcro written before Peter wrote his sccond epistle, as ho speaks - of tho Kpistles of our beloved brother Paul, but there is not a trace in tho writings of Paul that ho ever saw a New Tes tament scripture but his own, and all his writings go on the assumption that lie received his spiritual knowledge by direct revelation from tho Lord. All tins adds much to the im portance of the question, what did Paul bo .iieve? And the answer is that Paul had along creed,. but that it all centred in Jesus Christ. Ho simply preached his own faitli when ho said, "Believe on the'Lord Jesus Christ;: and thou shalt be saved." We find him a great believer in the invisible and the hereafter, in God, salvation and oternity; but all tho articles of his belief clustered round" Jesus Christ. He literally adored . Jesus. He be lieved that:.Christ, though unseen, was ever present with him, ever hearing him, ever guid ing him, ever saving him. He always spoke of Christ as equal with God, :and one with tho Tather. The two names God and Jesus are always together in his heart. _ There can be no doubt of the connection in his secret soul im plied in such words as these—"I obtained mercy, that in me first Jesus; Christ might show forth all long- suffering. Now, unto the kin" eternal, immortal, invisible, the only wiso God bo honour and glory for ever and ever. Amen." Paul always spoke of Jesus as tho Messiah of the Old Testament, tho sent of God." He names Jesus as one of the Trinity —"Tho gr.ice of tho Lord Jesus Christ, and the love of God, and the communion of tho Holy Ghost be with you all. Amen." Ho mentions Jesus as the Saviour of sinners, and gives him the name above every name. Ho attributed all Power to Christ, and places Him on tho throne of judgment, saying, " We must all appear before the judgment seat of Christ." Ho built much precious doctrine on the fact of the resurrection of Jesus. Ho was a great believer in the "power of faith, but it was the faith which is in Christ Jesus. He committed his own soul for time and eternity into tho hands of Jesus, saying, " I know whom I have believed, and I am porsnaded that He is able to keep that which I liavo committed unto Him against that day." In short, he believed in a divine porson.il Saviour—that Saviour being Ho who was known on eartli as .Tesus of Nazareth. Ho believed and knew that God .was in this Christ saving sinners—like himself, of whom fie himself was chief, and like a,true believer and a true man as ho was, full of this belief, and believing that ho was called of God to bo its missionary and apostle among tho Gentiles, ho stopped forth to proclaim this Gospel, and lay the foundations of tho Chris tian Church, Christ strengthening him on'tho lines of his own belief. With what success tho Christian hero travelled and suffered, preached and prayed and triumphed for tho remainder of his life let the Church and creed of Chris* tendom bear witness to this hour. It might bo safely inferred from the fact that Paul had frequent revelations from the Lord, that such communications would not be con fined to one subject, however important-, or central, and so, in truth, wo find.- Ho not only believed and preached Christ, but also Christ crucified, and it is impossible to think of the faith of Paul, considering its historical place in the creed of tho Christian Church without taking in the whole of the Paulino theology. He was taught, and his soul was full of the truth—first, that Jesus was tho sent </f God, and the representative of God to inan, but also that this Son of Man represented man in the eternal counsels of God, and for man satisfied the justice of God in His own person. Hence tho great doctrino of the atonement, or as Paul often calls it, the Cross of Christ—that is, the doctrine or system of doctrine, which meets in the sufferings of Christ regarded as a life-long transaction be tween God and Christ 011 behalf of sinners, THE TEA MEETING. On tho following Tuesday a Tea Meeting took place. There was a large attendance of members of the congregation, and the frionds of the pastor, who occupied the chair. Interesting addresses were delivered by tho Revs. Boll, .Shearer, Buckinliam, and Messrs Duncan, Hamilton and Hoy. 