IRowcliflt. G R I T ' A Stary at the Past and Present; ef Ordinary meii and. Ordinary tilings, in Ordinary language, 1 lie sure thy sin will find thee out." It is a beautiful belief: That ever round our head Are hovering on angel wings, The spirits of the dead. CHAPTEli XEX—(COSTISOBU). BY DONALD CAMERON. AUTUOU OF " IN THE FOLDS OF THE t-lilU'lCHT," " aiiiVJiUWATEu uiiKi), KTC." Many in the crowd could road Obadiah IikG a book, and thoroughly understood that bo was a hypocrite, but their feelings were so worked up that even the most irreverent amongst them could not refrain joining in prayer. It was therefore a strange picture, this multitude on their knees, and the sun rising in the east, gilding the machinery and changing the colums of smoke into wreaths of snow. But hardly had Obadiah lifted his voice when Spot, who had been on the watch all the time, made a dart, and seizing tlie apostle by the leg,'made him spring a few spaces into tlie air with a cry as if the evil one had seized him, whereupon the impromptu congregation started up, inclined to think something serious had happened: but the moment they saw the state of affairs, a universal burst of laughter tool: place. Obadiah's face changed from white to scarlet, and turning round he dealt poor Spotfto hearty a kick that had it reached him, lie would have gone down the shaft a dying dog, Tlie crowd seeing this at once rushed to rescue fipot, crying out, "That's the poor boy's dog," and Obadiah had to sneak a way like a whipped cur. Hardly had this excitement passed over when a startling cry was heard, and a beautiful girl, with her dress disarranged, her hair Hying in wild disorder about her shoulders, rushed through the crowd. Every soul knew at once tliat this was Bertha, the rich man's daughter, and as the story of her love for Jack was pretty well known, thanks to the gossiping proclivities of Gritty Gully, they at onee understood the cause of her distress, and gave way with the respect that misfortune always generates. "Is be dead? Is he dead?" she cried, turning to several miners she knew. " We do not know, Miss White," said one of tlie men respectfully, " but we hope not. It is quite possible he may be alive." At that moment Obadiah Sweetcomfort's long hypocritical face appeared in the front rank. His eyes gleamed with a sort of demoniacal light, as he gazed upon the girl with an expression of desire and revenge. " He is dead," said Obadiah, in his most sepulchral tones; -'no man could have Jived the night through in that mine excluded from ail'. The foul air has killed him long ago." Bertha uttered a desolate wail, and sunk upon a pile of untrimmed slabs near the mouth of the cruel shaft which had destroyed her loved one. Was he dead? Would she never see his bright face again ? Would he never clasp her to his heart and impress those pleasant passionate kisses on her lips ? O! God, to think that down in -the horrid depths was her lover's corpse disfigured beyond recognition ; to think of the slow and terrible death that might have been his ! Was he dead ? Ooukl he be dead ? She could not, would not realise the terrible fact. Her mind failed to grasp the stern reality; and it was a mercy. Several of the women who were present, women who had known tlie horror of standing on the brink of a shaft in an agony of apprehension for a beloved one, after casting reproachful glances at Obadiah, came forward, and, sitting beside Bertha, began to comfort her, telling the girl many tilings which they thought would give her hope. Obadiah Sweetcomfort stood there and gazed upon this lovely creature with the feelings of a disappointed demon. How beautiful she was! What torture to gaze on all this loveliness, on this woman whom he so passionately loved, and think that he had not, could not have part or parcel in her 1 " When will you know the worst ?" asked Bertlia. " B y mid-day," answered the woman. She looked up at the sky and saw that the sun was only rising. How many weary hours she would have to wait, and then— In this hour of affliction all. were equal. Bertha felt this as her heart went forth to the dear kind creatures who strove to lessen her grief. At other times these Avomen were ' accustomed to gaze upon her from afar olir' as of being of another sphere; but now the common bond of humanity drew them together, and: earthly distinctions and barriers were forgotten, A very short time had, however, elapsed when a murmur at the outer edge of the crowd announced some new event. Mr. White's carriage drew up close to the enginehouse, the horses reeking and quivering, and Bertha's father stepped out. His face expressed'anger and determination. Striding to where the poor girl was, he seized her hand, and in no gentle tones commanded her to come with him. She lifted her weeping eyes up to his stern face and shuddered. "O! father," said the girl, "let me stay until I have seen his—his—" she could not say corpse; " let me stay till then, and I will go anywhere with you, to Sydney or ekewhere, so long as I am away from this terrible place. O ! father, do." How eloquently she pleaded with those beautiful eyes! But there was no change in her father's face, it was as inflexible as ever. " What good can it do ?" he said, harshly, "the boy is dead. Leave this place, where there can be nothing but painful memories, and seek other scenes where you will forget all." " I cannot forget, I cannot forget," said the poor girl. " But you must," said the harsh'-man, grasping her hand firmly and dragging her to the carriage. The crowd dared not interfere. TJie only protest entered was a low growl from Spot, who had recognised Bertha, and found comfort in her presence, although the sagacious creature easily detected her grief, and began in his simple mind to think that there was something wrong. Bertha was rudely forced, weeping, into tiie earriage. The horses were at once lashed into a gallop, and the vehicle disappeared in a cloud of dus^. There was just time to catch the train, for Grit had a railway now, and poor Bertlia was placed in a carriage, and the engine shrieked and whistled and departed for Melbourne, conveying thither a tortured soul, weeping and wailing over the lost dream of youth. CHAPTEli XX. While these scenes were taking place at the Hesperus Extended, events of a very different character were transpiring in Grit. After the great meeting, Hector, Bunakum, and some of his principal supporters repaired to the dingy office of the drill;/ Gully Trumpet, iere, assembled in the den known as the iter's room, they began to discuss the affairs of the night. The Trumpet of next day would be one of the best numbers ever issued. There was the great meeting, the terrible accident at the Hesperus Extended mine, and, of course, there would be a splendid leader from the pen of Grit's mightiest journalist, Hector Mucinnis, wherein the opposite party would be annihilated, and the course of the electors made clear. Grit had now a gas company; of qpurse there had been gas there in the early days, but not such as could be utilised for light. The Trumpet office absolutely flared with it. There was gas everywhere, which was a comfort, as there was nothing else to speak of. The exterior of the building was not very prepossessing. Once, indeed, the facade had been thought the very acme of architecture. It was of red brick—as if the dust of Grit were not red enough—and the mason had by an ingenious arrangement fixed certain of the bricks to form the words Gritty Gully Trumpet. The red dust of years had settled upon the building until it now looked like an ugly lobster drowned in dirty anchovy paste. Upon window, coign, and door the insidious dust had fallen until there was not the semblance of the original design left. To add to tlie discomfort of visitors a flight of wel worn steps led to the sanctum, and, as there was no light outside, accidents were the rule; and he was a lucky man who escaped scatfiless when he visited the Lyceum of Grit. By the side of the building ran a narrow lane, lit for deeds of darkness, and immediately at the back was the stage door of the theatre, whence at night seedy supers issued to fetch in the pewter pots of beer from the hotel at the corner for the stars. Gritty people would tell you with pride that they had seen G. V. Brooke borne in there from a cab when in one of his drinking moods; and to this day the hotel boasts that Julia Matthews was a boarder when she was a trollopy girl in short clothes. Altogether it was a classic locality. But the inside of the Trumpet office was to the outside world a mystery, and the general public could tell nothing about it, except that Hector Maeinnis made, the paper there. In the innocence of their souls they believed that he wrote, set up, printed, and lelivered the Trumpet. Hector Maciimis found the office in a state of "pi," to use a professional term. The compositors had been out of copy for hours, the overseer was fretting and fuming and consuming beer; the apprentice,-: were larking, and the sub-editor was in despair. Up to this time the editor and reporters had not put iii an appearance, lleprint would not do, so the whole establishment had to be idle, consoling themselves with the. reflection that they would not get home until the sun had risen next morning. But they knew they had no remedy, although Hector Maciimis was a benevolent champion of liberty, and a warm advocate of the eight hours system. He never allowed his lofty soul to consider his own office. That was out of the pale. So he kept his reporters, his writers, his compositors and liis printers waiting for him at his pleasure, without in the slightest degree considering that they were men just like the miners and carpenters for whom he expended so much' breath. But then consider: the miners and caqienters could send him into Parliament, and the poor'printers couldn't, being only a drop in the ocean of Gritty humanity. O, true proverb 1—" A saint abroad, a devil at home." In a few mimites, however, the 6V///(/ Gully Trumpet office was the scene of the greatest activity. The reporters who, after the meeting, had hastened to the Hesperus Extended to ascertain the particulars of the accident, rushed in and at once began transcribing notes, as if all the electricity in the office had concentrated in them, and their pens flew over the paper like steam-engines. The overseer stood over them, however, like a ghoul, devouring their slips, which he cut up in pieces, and handed to his expectant compositors, who rushed to their frames and set with a rapidity that must have thrown the reporters into despair, if they had had time to look round. All this time*the great mover himself sat in the editor's sanctum, drinking wine with Bunakum and his friends, and totally heedless of the agonised face of the overseer, who now and then rushed past the open door in tlie vain hope of arousing his sympathy. The sub-editor hopped about—for he was lame—and strove to keep up a jolly appearance, when he felt all the pangs of the damned. Nor did Bunakum and the rest heed this in tlie slightest. Why should the champions of liberty, of the horny handed, of the eight hour system, pay attention to the wants of these poor creatures? Why, indeed? But as Dr. Rouse was moved by the spirit of loo to adjourn, the parly at last broke up. " I will be round at the Patriot, presently," said Hector, as he saw his friends safely down the steps. The overseer now hoped that there would he some chance of finishing before daybreak. But Hector coolly passed him by, and, sitting in his chair, began to go through tlie piles of newspapers that lay before liim. The overseer rusfied out, and swore by himself in the passage, then adjourned to seek the solace of the pewter. After a while Hector Maeinnis did think that he ought to begin his leader, inasmuch as it was time for him to join the company at loo, and casting away the last paper, ho dipped his pen in ink—and was about to write when— What face jvas this that rose before him in the hour of'victory? What accusing eyes gazed upon him out of the dusty bookshelf ? What form arose from out the shadows of the lamp ? Pshaw! There was nothing there. The leader must be written. But it is not easy to put down the ghosts that arise to mock us, if they have their origin in our own guilty souls. With an impatient exclamation Hector Maeinnis fixed his eyes upop the paper, and, talcing his pen in hand, began to write the leader which was to electrify Grit next day. He liad thoroughly digested the matter, and " tlu'owing it off " was to him an easy task. Soon the page was covered with his peculiar, but regular handwriting, and, striking the bell, the overseer appeared. A smile of intense satisfaction spread over that worthy's face as he glanced at the sheet, and he clutched it with inexpressible delight. It was immediately cut up into little pieces, and tlie compositors put to work on it, setting the matter up so quickly that ere Hector had finished the last slip the first proof was in his hand. He soon hurried through it, and then began looking over the files. He became tired of these, ho\yever, and, throwing the papers to one side, put on his coat and hat, and strode away amidst the blessings of his employes, who were trembling that he would write a second leader. It did not lake him long to reach the Patriot, which was still full of light, the politicians not having departed. They were arguing in the bar—at least, as many of them as were able to argue. But Hector passed by, and went on to the room where the select men, including Dr. Bouse, were indulging in a little relaxation in the shape of a game of loo, which was now the popular amusement of the higher class of Grit, varied by an occasional tussle at poker. Hector Maeinnis eared little for cards, but when trouble or anxiety came upon him' he often indulged in a game. As he did not care to sleep that night, having to be up early, he resolved to drive away all apprehensions of the morrow in what he called a " tit-up." As he was passing he noticed Maggie, who was serving the men in the bar. Her face, usually so bright, was far from cheerful, and the redness of her eyes showed that she had been weeping. A ,-diade came over Hector's faee as he noticed this. He knew why she was so gloomy. But it was not a cause of sorrow to him. And the night passed on, Hector playing with great care and winning. Indeed this was no wonder, for the others were so far advanced that they could hardly distinguish a king from a jack, lie accepted this as a sign that he would be successful. The dawn began to find its way into the close room and to pale the gaslight, before the players thought of separating. Then, after a hearty wash and some slight refreshment, they held a meeting, when final arrangements were made for the great contest. The party, too, had the satisfaction of reading JJoetor's leader, which was pronounced a masterpiece. After that, how could Mr. Mialland his friends stand a show? CHAPTEli XXI. While these scenes were passing at the Patriot, two wretched creatures were lying in the casualty ward of the hospital of Grit. Bridget O'liegan and her husband had never rallied after their brutal treatment. They were so nearly dead when the attack was made that life was easily driven out of their wretched bodies. The husband died very soon after he was admitted, and Bridget seemed likely to end her troubles ere tlie morning broke. But, as she had always had a strong mind of her own and was naturally contrary, she disappointed the doctors. As the first beams of the morning sun lit up the beds of the patients she opened her eyes, just as the doctors expected her to close them for ever. She was too weak to speak much, however, and was commanded by the warders to be quiet. " Hush," said ilie head warder, " he's dead." The woman lay back with a sigh. It seemed, as if she had collected all her strength for this effort, and, now that it had appeared vain, she sank again into a sullen lethargy. How earnestly and unceasingly the men worked at the Hesperus Extended! How the crowd cheered the shifts as they came up and went down ! In spite of the counter.attractions of the election, which began to be at its hottest about twelve o'clock, tlie crowd still gathered, .until thousands of persons were collected around the claim. Electors slipped away now and then to record their vole,-;, and ret unfed immediately. In all directions cabs were flying, bearing postti-rs, " Vote for Miall," " Vote for the champion of the people, Hector Maeinnis," and these occasionally thinned the crowd considerably, but fresh accessions kept up its dimensions. Messengers were running backward;-: and forwards, eagerly giving information of the state of the poll. This was soon displayed on a blackboard, on which were chalked tlie names of the candidates, the numbers being continually erased, and fresh figures substituted, all of which proved that Hector Maeinnis was forging ahead. At four o'clock the blackboard showed:— Hector Maeinnis .. .. IfiO/i William II. Miall .. .. 1502 A great cheer burst from the assembly as these figures were chalked up, varied by a little hooting from Mr. Miall's supporters. Suddenly a tremendous cheer was heard from those assembled close to the shaft. It was so different from the other, so full of human rejoicing and sympathy, that its meaning was at once conveyed to even those dullest of apprehension. The explanation was soon given. Jack appeared on the brace. Then the enthusiasm of the multitude broke forth, and cheer after cheer rang through the air, until the very hills reverberated. The miners whom .Tack's timely warning had saved, rushed forward, and one after another grasped his hand in the wildest enthusiasm. There was only one face in in the huge host that became, gloomy. Obadiah Hweelcomforl bestowed one glance of hate, ferocity, and fear upon Jack, and then, muttering to himself, sprang into the nearest cab. This action was not unnoticed. Obadiah had only just come up to communicate the state of the poll. He had been too busy all day, rounding up Hector's supporters, to think of Jack. Jack's heart rose as he saw the thousands of faces around him, all beaming with satisfaction at his escape. Hunger and Weariness were forgotten, and, waving his hand, he addressed them :— " Men of Grit, I will never forget this occasion. The terrible danger I have undergone, death, and all its terrors are compensated by lliis ready and earnest sympathy. It is on such occasions that we forget the petty jealousies and meanness of life, and become brothers in reality. Let me thank my fellow miners for the noble manner in which they exerted themselves to save me, sparing nothing—not even their lives. And what they have done for me, I, yes, and everyone here, would do for them 1" Amidst cheer after cheer Jack was placed upon the shoulders of four men, and a procession formed. Hallam, the bandmaster of Grit, was present. He had been all day playing with his men for Hector Maeinnis at the Patriot; but the moment he found that Jack had been saved, lie sent a cabman post haste for his band. Just as the processioni-neared tlie hospital, which lay in its route, the band met them. Hallam at once set himself at its head, and soon the air rang with the stirring strains of " See the Conquering Hero Comes." It was a stirring spectacle ; the moving crowd of enthusiastic, cheering people; tlie gay uniforms of the band, and the rescued miner, placed on high above his fellows, his eyes gleaming with thf light of pleasure. Just as they came to the hospital gates the head doctor rushed out, and made his way to Jack. All respected the man, and tlie procession at onee lialted. The doctor shook Jack's hand warmly, and congratulated him on his escape. "A poor woman, who was illused last night by the crowd at the Patriot, and who is dying," said the doctor, " has been asking for you all the morning. We thought she was dead. When a warder rushed in with the news that you were saved, and then the woman roused herself, and passionately entreated that you would come tp her. Her name is Bridget O'liegan." Jack's faee changed. Memories of that awful scene in the large room of the Patriot, where he knocked down Dr. Bouse, came into his mind. Glaacing towards the valley, he could see the spot where his unfortunate mother lay. Could this woman luiow anything about this terrible mystery which enshrouded his parent's death ? He distinctly remembered the hesitation with which she gave her evidence at the inquest. He would go in and see her. The crowd made no ejection. The band stopped playing, and Jack walked into the hospital with the doctor. It did not take them long to reach the room in which Bridget lay dying. Her eyes were fixed earnestly upon the door as they entered. Her face lit up with a wild joy when she saw Jack. He came up to her bed, and took her hand. What a change had come over 4his woman since he knew her first! He recollected her when she was a fine, buxom woman, the happiest and gayest of the wives of Grit. And now? Well, well, how the demon, Drink, had changed her. He remembered his own mother, and the tears came into his eyes. She looked at him; she saw the tears, and from her own orbs, fast clouding in the night of death, the drops of human feeling came. " I wish to spake to him alone," die feebly murmured; and the doctors and theattendants went out, leaving Jack and this poor creature alone, save the other patients, who turned round their weary heads to look at Jack, who was known to most of them. What passed between Jack and the dying woman no one knew. A few minutes after the warders left Lheroom Jack came out. liis face was flushed, his eyes glistened, and a wild excitement appeared to pervade his frame. " You can go in now," he said, " She is dead." CHAPTEli XXII. A great crowd had gathered before tlie courthouse of Grit. It was a strange building that; formed, of course, of dingy ivd bricks. It would have puzzled the most learned architect to understand its order, unless he characterised it as the brickdusty disorder. The leading residents were gathered on tlie balcony, anxiously waiting for Dr. House, who was to declare the state of the poll. In the distance, but every moment coming nearer, the strains of the band sounded. To Hector and his friends it seemed a triumphal march. The band was just turning thecornerof the narrow street that led up to the court house, or town hall—for it served both purposes— when a great cheer announced tlie appearance of the principal actors. Dr. House came forward, loll owed by Hector Maeinnis, Mr. Miall, Bunakum, and the rest. The assemblage were somewhat puzzled to hear the crowd further down the street cheering in a different strain, while the band struck up " .lack's the Lad." " Gentlemen," said Dr. Rouse, amidst the noise, " it is my duty now to declare the state of the poll. It is— Hector Maeinnis .. .. '20f,l William Miall .. .. ,l(ffi." Here his voice was drowned in a tremendous roar of voices, tin.' feeble efforts of the opposition to groan being rendered ineffective. It was like the growling of a Uassoon amidst the din of an orchestra when the climax is reached. " I therefore declare Hector Maeinnis duly elected." With a bright eye and a smiling face, Hector Maeinnis stepped forward, his appearance in front being greeted with cheer upon cheer, liunakum waved liis hand for silence, and Hector was on the point of addressing the assemblage, when the stillness was broken by a shout, so tremendous that it fairly shook the building, and a thousand voices were raised at the same moment, crying— • "Mack is saved !" Hector Maeinnis looked straight before him, and the triumph died out of his eyes, the color out of liis cheeks, as he saw Jack mounted on the shoulders ol the miners. A. sort of film seemed to gather before him, the building appeared to toiler, the figures on the poll board were blotted out, and in their place appeared a terrible, distorted face that seemed to mock him, and to burn into his soul. He staggered back into the aims of Obadiah Sweetcomforl. CilAI'THjrS&lil.; Fading dream of love. Fata) dream of gold, Mocking shades that bring <>rief and pain untold ; Gilded baubles bright, Hun-touched mists deceiving, Vanishing in air, Disappointment leaving! Sprung like a vision of night, Gut of tlie swamp near the river, Prosperous, sunny, and bl ight, (f rowing for ever and ever! Two years have gone since Hector Maeinnis slarted'back at the town hall of Grit, when he beheld the vision of the resuscitated, when his dreams of grandeur and peqce were thrust aside, and the reality of another struggle with the shadow of his life was photographed upon his brain. The scene Is not in Grit. The roar of the steam engines, and the clatter of the stampers have passed away, and we are in the street of Bourke, in the city of Melbourne. Night has fallen, and myriads of lights have sprung up on every side until an artificial day is created, unhealthy and glaring. Streams of people pass up and down the glittering thorougfare as restlessly as the spectres in the Hail of Eblis. Three gn,y young men, faultlessly dressed, were passing up tlie street towards the great unfinished building which claims to lie the seat of Government. Among these was the hero of our story, Jack. He was very different in appearance, however, to the young shepherd and miner of our acquaintance. Dressed in a well-fitting suit, he looked a fine, tall gentleman. His well- turned limbs, graceful earriage, and handsome face would have earned him the approbation of even the most fastidious. He had filled out and rounded so well that he was a most unexceptionable person n ow, one made to love and loved. His face was full and fairly bearded, and his eyes sparkled with their old happy light. No one would have dreamed that he had been a simpherd and a miner, except, indeed, if they looked at his hands, which showed that he Ji£Ltl worked. But in a democratic country that was nothing. The party had just arrived in the city from Grit. Jack had never seen Melbourne, or any great city. However, he tried to look as if he had lived in town all his life. This, though, was very difficult, for every step he took a new wonder appeared. He thought Grit a great place, but it was nothing to this city. And so he sauntered on anydst the bewildering crowd, sticking pretty closely, however, to his companions, who had been to town before. And yet he had a steady purpose in view. He had been successful, and now thought lhat he could finally aspire to Bertha's hand. Bertha lived with her father in the city, and he had not seen her since that eventful day when he bade farewell to her in the park at -Grit. But there was another object that caused him to visit Melbourne. "Where are the Parliament Houses?" he asked, as they passed the Theatre lioyal, and his companions made a stand. " Oh, a long way up the street," replied Bill Flynn, a gay broker. " Who's going to bother them eel ves about that humdrum place to-night. Why, here's Flyko the Flibertin going on at the lioyal; lots of legs, sparse attire, and any quantity of dancing and music." " Who's going up there," said Joe Jolliboy, with a laugh, " to listen to prosy old buffers, when there's so much life to be seen. Why, we haven't visited any place yet; there's the Megatherium, the Gay MabiJle, and lots of others." " I'm going to the Houses of Parliament," said Jack, quietly. " Don't you know that the great event of the year takes place to-night. There is the discussion on the vote of confidence in tlie M'Calvin ministry." "All! yes," said Joe, " so there is. There'll be some fun, no doubt. Hector Maeinnis speaks for the opposition to- night, and he'll make it hot for old M'Calvin." " Anyhow, I don't see much difference," said Bill; " it seems to me that the country's bound to be governed by the Maes or the O's. However, I'll go with you, and to-morrow night we'll do the town." " What if they telegraph for us?" said Joe. " I don't know," was the reply of, Jack, " I don't feel inclined to return to Grit for a fortnight." " Wlial'll Maggie say ?" A dark shade passed over Jack's faee. " You'd better leave that alone," said Bill; " Jack doesn't care about it." Without speaking any more, the three young men moved up Bourke-street until they reached the front of the Parliament buildings. Jack gazed with curiosity on the strange bit k pile, from the narrow windows of which L >amed the gaslight, contrasting with the deep gloom of the surrounding gardens. Out of the roar and rush of Bourkestreet they passed into the comparative quietude of the Parliament reserve. A knot of rather seedy-looking persons were gathered around the unfinished front of the dismal, gaol-like building. Two or three policemen kept guard over these patriots. " There's no show of getting in," said Bill, " money's refused at the doors." " 1 don't know about lhat," said Joe. " If 1 can get hold of old Mumbles, I'll bet five to one we get in. He daren't refuse such influential electors. Old Mumbles was Hector's colleague, and he was kept in his place out of pity for the old man, who in his time had been useful. He lived now only to please his constituents, doing exactly what they bid liim, thinking as they thought, and receiving from them sufficient money in a number of ways. Joe judged rightly lhat he would not dare to refuse them admittance. " Can't get in, gentlemen," said the doorkeeper, a stalwart son of the Green Isle. " We want to see Mr. Mumbles," said Jack, coolly. " I don't know if lie's in the house," was the reply, although the doorkeeper had just caught a glimpse of Mr. Mumble's unkempt hair when he was ushering in an influential elector. " Give liim these cards if lie is," said Joe. Tlie. doorkeeper looked daggers at tin* party, but look the cards, and put (jiem into a sort of lift, shouting through a tube to the to tiie messenger above. In a few minutes a stentorian voice was heard. " Gentlemen who sent to Mr. Mumbles come up.-' The doorkeeper's demeanor at once changed, and, with assiduous politeness, he showed the party up stairs, much to the chagrin of the assembled crowd of less influential individuals, who would have almost perilled their souls to have heard the debate. A place for the party was found by one of the attendants with great difficulty, at the solicitation of Mr. Mumbles, who had himself come forth to do the honors. When Jack had squeezed himself between two apoplectic patriots, he had time to look around and take in the scene. There is a strange, inexplicable feeling when a man first enters into a place which he has read of, and looked ujion ms being too great and grand for him ever to see. It was, therefore, with awe that Jack glanced at the assembled wisdom of the colony. There they sat—row upon row—intently listening to the utterance of a distinguished lawyer, who was laying down tlie points in controversy. But the assemblage disappointed Jack. They had their hats on, just as if they were at a restaurant; a portion were stretched at full length on the seats, some had their legs cocked up over the cushions, and others were engaged in a somewhat disrespectful conversation. On the whole he was disenchanted. He could not help smiling at the "old woman " who sat in the chair, a most amiable looking person. Jack thought he would have to be amiable, considering the vapid talk he had to listen to throughout the session. Jack, too, glanced at the gallery where the reporters were busy taking down the Avoids that flowed from the lips of the great Hieklebother. That gentleman sat down amidst applause, " Now it's to come," said the fat gentleman on Jack's right. " Maeinnis is going to close up the debate, and then, after M'Calvin has replied, the vote will be taken." The blood rushed to Jack's faee, his frame trembled, and his clenched hands grasped the buck of the form in front, his gaze concentrated upon the man he hated so intensely. With a haughty and confident air, Hector Maeinnis rose, and after going to tlie table and taking a drink of water, he glanced over his notes. He had greatly changed. Not only was his dress superior to what it used to be, but he had improved in every way; indeed he could almost be called a handsome man. His faee had become interesting and intellectual, and as he did not toil at night, the wearied owl-like expression of countenance so peculiar to him in the old times, was no more. In every lineament of his faee were stamped power, confidence and hope. He was a new man. Jack looked at him, and shut his mouth, as if he were restraining himself. Even in voioe,»the man had improved. His speech was tolerably free from that harshness which had militated in the past so much against his success as a public speaker. Practice in debate had enabled him to condense his matter, and it was a pleasure to listen to the cool, quiet manner in which lie met every argument 'brought forward by the M'Calvin side, the more solid matter being enlivened by graceful, cutting sarcasm. As he spoke, the faces of that party became very elongated, while those of his own men shone with delight. Argument after argument was disposed of by him with perfect ease, interspersed with telling sarcasm, and after he had refuted everything that had been brought forward in favor of the expiring Ministry, he began to heap up charge after charge against them, until o!d M'Calvin fairly felt himself sinldng into his boots. " Sir," said Hector as he prepared to conclude his speech, "if, after what I have advanced against these gentlemen, who have held power in this country under false pretences, this House continues them in their offices to trifle with the rights and liberties of the people—" He liad first glanced at the speaker, then at the Ministerial benches, and now he directed liis gaze to the corner, where his eye met full that of Jack, who was staring at him in a sort of wild stupor. Instantly Hector Maeinnis stammered, his face became suffused, his head swam, and he staggered^ After a few seconds of hesitation, he turned to the table and took up a glass of water. His hand trembled, his frame shivered, and the glass fell from his hand, and was broken into a thousand jiieces. There was a stern joy in Jack's faee, as lie noted the effect his presence had upon his enemy. He was glad that he had been able to be present, to dash a drop of bitterness into the cup of his gladness. This, too, was confirmation strong of the thoughts that had been in his mind ever since that day when he had conversed with the dying woman in the hospital of Grit. His face grew darker and darker as he gazed upon the statesman of the future. The House wondered at Hector's conduct. The old gentleman in the chair gave a feeble sort of start—he had been sleeping with his eyes open for some time. M'Calvin stared. Hector's party looked astounded, and one or two started up as if to assist him. The reporters were glad of the few minutes' cessation, as it enabled them to put a finishing touch to their notes. (To be continued.) 