The Post Office Robbery. LAST Friday, at tao Water Police Court, Pierce Joseph Healy, a letter sorter, was brought up on remand on a charge of stealing two £1 notes from a lotter in tho Post Office. Detective Abbott deposed ho was on duty at tho Gonorai. Post Office on Tues* day, July 25, by special instructions. He was watching; tho prisoner, who was a olerk and lotter sorter, Whon he left tho office witness followed him to the closet. On his getting off tho Boat witness found throe letters in tho pan. Prisoner had not used the elosot. One of the letters had been opened, j tho other two were unoponod. Tho moment ha ! pushed open the door he Baw prisoner orouchinff j down on the scat. In tho sorting1 room a few minutes j provionsly had seen prisoner with letters in his hand. ¡ Ho waa covoring thom with his handkerchief. Thon ! ho put his hand with the letters in it into his I pocket. Witness from his place of concealment could »6« that ho had some letters in his hand, and waa hiding thora from view. It was in consequence of seeing him do this that ho followed him quickly to the closet. The letters were wetted, and would in another moment havo been washed down tho pipo. OH taking thom out he noticod by reading the first wordB of tho opened letter that it should have con tained ¿62. He searched the closet carefully but found no trace of the money. After leaving tho I closet prisoner thrust his arm back inside tho door, and mado some movement which induced witnoss immediately to go baok and re-examino tho place. On tho soat ho thoa found two Jèl notes, winch ho now produced. They wore dry and crumpled np. A momont before the notes woro not thero. Of this ho was quito sure. Ho took prisoner to Mr. M'Mahon'a room, and Superintendent Day was sont for. Ho j said to prisoner " What Healey ! aro you tho thiof ?" Prisoner replied, " I have not been doing it all along, sir ! I have only just commenced it." Ho was at thiB timo much affected-as pale as a ghost-and sonic back in a chair when confronted with the Superin tendent, »nd he could hardly speak. Witness did not put »ny questions to him. By Mr. Williamson : It might havo boon a minuto or a minuto and a half bof oro ho came to prisoner in the closet, after leaving tho placo where he waa watching^ kim, and he could not havo got to him or arrested him sooner after his leaving tho sorting room. He was quito sober. Tho stamps on tho letters woro loosened. Told him ho \ (witness) was a> detective officer. Tho witnesses necessary to bo examined in this caso resido beyond Newcastle. On tho application cf the office», tho prisoner waa remanded until Tsesday. Bail.himsolf, in J8300, and two sureties of ¿£150 oach to bo ap-1 proved, was allowed. On Tuesday tho following additional evidence waa taken ¡-John Kelly, a miner, residing at Minmi, doposed that on tho 22nd July ho wroto a lotter to Dr. Bottroll, of this eity, enelosintr two ¿SI j notes, which lotter having^ stamped, and addressed, ho j loft with hts mother to past fo» him. Ho identified tho lotter now produced «nd tho notes as being thoao ho sont. Mary Ketty » mother of tho lost witness, provod having posted tho lotter eontuininç the notea mk tho post-offioe, Minmi, on tho 24th July. Sha saw tko notes placed im tho onvolopo by hov eon. Mr. Day, 9up«dmtondont in tho Geswral Post- offico, said that being informed that Hooley hod. boon do tectod in tho sot of stealing money from a kittos, ha wont into a room whoro tho prisoner was. Mr. M'Mahon, as oifioer of the posfc-offioo, was present. When ho entered ho said, addressing prisoner " What, Healey, nae you tho thiof?" to which ho replied-"I have not boen taking them (moaning letters) all along, sir.' ' At this time thora were «orno opened letters Tying on tho table, emd they woro tho subject of conversation. Tho prisoner, wrtnesa thought, also said something1 about thia be ing tho first timo ho had dono so. An oponod letter was placed in his band with two <61 notes. Tho onvolopo in which tho lotter had boon onolosod waa reoeivod on July 2«5 from Wallsend. At tho timo it was shown to him it ought to havo hoon in the hands of tho letter-carrier for delivery. Tho prisoner hod boen in the Post-office sineo 1874, and wau a trusted officer, and ho had signed a deck* ration to theoft'ect that ho would not open anylettors that might pass through his hands. In oross-oxami natioa tho witness sold that on account of som» suspicion whioh had boon excited, tho detective had been specially employed to watch tho prisonos, who, however, up to the timo of his aTrost bora * good oharaetoir. Witness was much astonished when ho hoard that Healy had boen detected. It w«a im oon soquonoo of something1 that occurred th« previous ¿ay that tho détective was Migagod to wafeo* tho prisoner. Tho prisoner was oommitted for trial. Bail was sJlowod, hiinsolf in ¿8300, and two «urética of .£150 each. Prospect dam will cost ¿C437.000. An early spring promises-in Western Queensland. 