? I A STitAX(iE embassy is, according to our telegrams, on the way to England. Queer embassies with Melbourne for their starting point, are not exactly novelties. We have seen Mr. Gkaiiam : Bebrj', the creator of the working man's paradise, with his Jidus Achates, Professor Peahsox, go hopefully forth with dreams of knighthood, whose stem awakening was an egregious snub from the Colonial Office. And we have seen Hkvueiison' Afktcanus, his swarthy rival on the stump, try very hard to embark on the same expedition so as to ' shadow' the great apostle of protec tion all the way, being eventually hin dered of his purpose — not by lack of funds, for they were amply forth coming from a mischievous crowd of supporters — but by the absolute re fusal of the P. & 0\. Company j to convey him, at any price, by one of their steamers. But this is an embassy entirely sui generis ; 110 less than a trio of Maori chiefs proceeding to England for the purpose of laying before the Qukex a petition, asking Her Majesty to grant the remnant of the Maori race the trifling boon of Home Rule ! This memorial, which is of great length, aud contains a full history of the settlement of the islands aud of Maori grievances and disabilities, represented from a Maori point of view, contains for its gist the following remarkable passage, which strongly illustrates the mixture of shrewdness and simplicity so conspi cuous in the character of the noblest of the Polynesian races : — ' Therefore have we considereil right, 0 Mother, the Queen, to pray that you will not per mit increased pviJs to como upon your Maori children in Kew Zealand, but to graciously sanction the appointment of a Royal English Commission to abro gate the evil laws affecting the Maori people, and to establish a Maori Parlia ment which shall hold in check the European authorities who are endeavor ing to set atiide the Treaty of Waitangi; to put a bridle also in the mouth of Ministers for Native Affairs who may act as Ministers have done at Parihaka, so that all may be brought back to obey the laws, aud to prevent the continued wrongs of land matters which are troubling the Maori people through days and years, and to restore to the Maori, those lands which have been wrongfully confiscated, according to the provisions of the Treaty of XVaitangi, and to draw forth from beneath the many unauthorised acts of the New Zealand Parliament the concealed treaty, that it may assert its own dig nity.' Bather a nut to crack, this, for a liberal British Ministry already fully engrossed with the stiff task of pacify ing Ireland! Nor is it rendered easier by the fact that the Maoris, unlike the Irish, still bold, under titles unimpeach I able at common law, actual and com plete possession of large tracts of coun try which they are indisposed to give up, and from which they cannot, except on some more or less flimsy pretext, be ejected. They thus retain what con stitutes perhaps the strongest ground of claim to an independent nationality, a dominion of their own, within which the colonial authority is unrecognised, and from which the colonists are, with a few favored exceptions, carefully ex cluded. If the Maoris numbered a couple of millions, instead of the forty odd thousand, all told, to which wars, rum, and the listlessness of an artifi cially imposed civilization have reduced them, the above facte would certainly constitute a strong claim to the fulfil ment of their by no means immoderate demands. There is no longer any idea of re-conquest, 110 bluster auent driving the Pakeha into tho sea; once the often repeated burden of every orthodox Maori harangue. They simply want to be left alone. They do not care to be hurried every six months by rumors of this railway to bo run, or that gold- field to be proclaimed in the inidst of the scrap of territory which is acknowledged to be theirs, yet around which intend ing selectors, hungry land sharks, agile aud astute surveyors, engineers, and road parties are continually buzzing with the assiduity of a swarm of flies about a piece of meat. They want no more surveys, no more police patrols to report or invent outrages that may serve as a pretext for confiscation, and in their impassioned and affectionate address to Her Majesty they refer with touching confidence to the Treaty of Waitangi — albeit a document whose liistory will not itself bear strict inves tigation — as the incontrovertible char ter of their rights. Poor deluded souls ! They little dream that the paucity of their numbers is a quite sufficient reason iu the eyes of ' the big bully' England for denying them redress, and that, were it otherwise, their gaucherie in choosing the present suptremely awk ward moment to raise the ghost of that chronic night-mare of the British Em pire, the 'native question,' would still merit the condign punishment of being contemptuously ignored. Publicopinion, the product of public curiosity, will probably demand that the strange brown meu from beyond sea, who talk so volubly yet so incomprehensibly about the Great Mother and the ap proaching union of races, should ue actually admitted into tho Great Mother's presence, to hand in the volu minous credentials of their mission. But there the farce will end, aud after a few of the usual junketings at the houses of the less fastidious of the tribe of lion-hunters, Taiwhakga and his fellow-ambassadors to the court of Windsor will return to their native wilds, probably poorer, possibly wiser, but certainly sadder men than before, to witness the dreary continuation of the same tale of Pakeha greed, gratui I tous aggression pluekily repulsed, and, finally, confiscation of one strip of laud after another, which has formed the staple of their ' short and simple annals.' Their gallaut struggle agaiust overwhelming odds, continued through more than half a century, should secure them at least the same consideration as is accorded to Zulus, Basutos, aud Transvaal Boers ; but unlike these pets of the Gladstone Ministry, they have long ceased to be formidable, and their sole chance of survival is in ' becoming one race,' as they themselves express it, with the invaders of their country. Such survivals of races more tenacious of life are not uncommon. The Jews, whose admirable Bystem of intersocial morality and sanitary precepts con tinues the reproach of our giddy and heartless age, are a case iu point. The Euskariaus in north-east Spain, the oldest of European peoples, whose ori gin is unknown, have managed, under the protection of special privileges of self-administration, to preserve their language and distinctive national char acteristics iu tolerable purity for twelve ceuturies. But the Maori race stood, at the conquest of New Zealand, in too low a stage of development to cope suc cessfully with invasion until they had had time to raise themselves as a nation to the level of the invaders, as indivi duals among tbem have since succeeded iu doing. Long before any large sec tion of them could educate themselves up to the point of mere comprehension of the aims and methods of what we term civilization, their strength had be come utterly broken, and in the grind ing revolution of the irresistible tread mill of progress, they, as the weake-t, have gone to the wall. It is not in the power of the British G-overnment, even with the whole force of the Legislature and people at its back, to arrest the huge engine for the purpose of undoing accomplished facts in any part of the Empire. Even on the extreme suppo sition that Takiwiia, the wily diplomat and effective orator, friend and confi dant of Tawiiiao, the Maori ' king,' should be able to engross sufficient at tention to obtain the Royal Commission of Enquiry he asks for, his mission would still be a hopeless one. No Royal Commission, with all tho will to do justice, could set the Maori Humpty Dumpty on his wall again. They would, as a matter of course, make a show of work. They would examine witnesses, possibly recommend the retrocession of certain less coveted areas of confiscated territory, perhaps advise some pretence j of limited self-government for the native race, would wind up a lengthy report with a grand peroration in the style of AliFttED Tennvson's 'National Hymn' (copyright), and leave matters very much as they were before. But it will not come even to that. Consistency 1 rather than justice is the indispensable qualification of a statesman, a:; ' v,';ore would be the consistency of interfering on the one hand, to preserve the na { tural rights of a handful of reclaimed cannibals at the Antipodes, while devis ing means on tho other for reducing tho Irish nation to a state of servitude, compared with which the Poles, the I Copts, and the subjects of King Tiiee jiau of Burmah enjoy unbounded free dom ? 