SHANDON B£LLS/ ? ? ' By WILLIAM BLACK, ' ' AnnipR op 'Maoleod of Dabe, ' &a;, &c.; Coai-teh V.— The Beginning of a Career., However, thoro was no trace of tho blow .dis- '*.'.. coveiablo noxt day, anil so on this fine May morn- ' '' ing Fitzgerald sot abput tho accomplishment of ''* his various tasks. First of all ho had to accom- v-. company his artist friond totho police station; ' 'though indeed ho harbored no sentiment of revongo against tho luckless Cobbler who had onco more fallen into tho clutches of the law. Thon he proceeded to get tho thirty' pounds made transforablo to Ireland. This, novertholcss, ho did with some compunction. For, if ho was to fight his way in London, was it fair to Kitty, who had ontrustcd her future to' him, that ho should thns throw away tho sinows of -war? ' 'Was it not running a tromendous risk , to. leave ' himself with only sovon poundB bofore scouring ?' somodofinitoworkV Butthcn, on tho other hand, ' ho had fair'prospects boforo him ; and 'ho had ; the courage of two or-throo and twenty ; besides, ho was not going to allow that blackguard Ma lonoy to triumph over his father, coursing club or mo coursing club. And so ho 'went and sent ?* Published by special, arrangements with the. author. All rights reserved, off the money ; and thon inudo his way to tho Albany, whore ho hail an appointment with Mr. Hilton Clarke. When Fiammotta Bhowcd him into the richly colored room ho found that gen tleman reclining in a low easy chair in a volumi nous dressing gown ; a cigarette in one hand ; a jiaper-coverod novel in the other ; while heforo iiin on the little tablo wero the remains of a Trench breakfast. 'How are you, Fitzgerald ?' ho said, throwing aside tho book. 'Sit down and have somo coffee and a cigarette. No? You'll find that Char treuse worth trying. Woll, and what did you think of the Groat Gilford? Was the godlike man up to your expectations ?' ' I was very much interested,' said Fitzgerald, rather timidly ; for indeed ho did not like the way in which Sir. Hilton Clorko spoke of tho literary colling and of its professors, whilst he did not wish to show the presumption of putting himself into antagonism with one who was so much his superior. ' I have always had a great tegard for the Liberal Review, and — of course, I never thought I should over meet tho Editor. I haven't seen you to thank you for giving me such a chance — perhaps you don't quite under stand what it is to a young fellow who has enly heard of well known men. I — I thought it was a gTeat honor.' ' Oh, you will soon get rid oE all that modesty,' said tho other. 'It is a useless article in Lon don.' ' We walkod homo together,' continued Fitz erald, ' as far as Sloane- strcet ; and Mr. Gifford was good enough to say I might try my band at a notice of that new novel, Daphne's Shadow, for the Liberal Review.' 'The devil he did ! What can havo made him so goodnat'ured ?' 'I think I know,' put in Fitzgerald, dexter ously. 'His good nature was caused by your good nature in recommending me.' 'Oh, that was nothing,' said the other, care lessly ' Well, you must be cautious how to sot about it. Bring the book to me.' 11 But I have already sent in the review.' . ' Already ? You haven't been wasting time then.' 'And I havo been doing moro than that,' said Ktzgerald, pulling out a certain envelope. ' I have been putting together a few salmon flies for ? you, if you care to have them. I found I could get the materials better in London.' 'Ah, thankB, much obliged,'said Hilton Clarice, taking out one or two of the flies with his beautiful white fingers. 'But about this review. I am afraid hegrey-eyed Athenowasn't lookingaftcr you when yon sent it in in such a hurry. I wish you had #oino to mo first. Toung reviewers don't seem to Understand that they ought to consider for whom Jhey are writing when they write. It isn't the public — the public judge for themselves nowa days — dinner-tables and clubs jo all that. Nor the -nthor ; the author is pig-headed ; besides if 7011 -.on't tell him he is better than Byron or Shukspeare ho will think you are devoured with jealousy and spite. No,' continued Hilton Clarke, as ho carefully rolled up another cigarette. 'You are writing for your editor. Ho is tho audience you ought to consider. He is the per son you must impress with a conviction of your sagacity. Now, to do that, you see, you want experience ; you want to know your man. I wish you had com 0 tome. I snppose.it never ?ccurred to you to put John Brown into tho re view you wrote for Gifford !' 'John Brown?' said Fitzgerald, looking be wildered. ' What John Brown ?' ' John Brown, of Harper's Ferry. No, you aever thought of that. But if you had only come to me, I could have told you that you had only to put John Brown into the review— anywhere — anyhow — and you'd have fetched old Qiflbrd to a dftiul enrtftintv. He can't withstand John Brown. All you've got to do,' .he continued, content .._ plating one of the salmon flies and stroking out . the soft feathers, ' is to take John Brown's body, without any wings, or hackle, or tinsel, as ?no might say, and you drop that fly quietly over fiifford's nose, and he'll rise to it like a grilse just fresh run from the sea.' Fitzgerald could not understand why this friend of his lost no opportunity of throwing taunts— however they might be veiled in a sort ?f scornful fastidiousness — at Mr. Gifford ; but for the constraint with which he listened to such speeches there were also other reasons. Among the various articles of young Fitzgerald's creed (he was only three and twenty) there wero done he clung to more, implicity than these two : First, .that tho great majority of wsmankind were honest and honorablo, self-denying, be lievable, and worthy of all the beautiful things that had been said about them by the poets ; and, secondly, that literature was one of the noblest callings on the face of the earth, and that he who did good work therein — whether it was in definitely adding to the world's possessions in that way, or whether it was merely in teaching sen, from wock to week, or from day to day, what they ought to value— was a public be nefactor who ought to be regarded with respect and affection and gratitude. Now on both these points Mr. Hilton Clarke discoursed with a complacently open scepticism ; and at such times Ktzgerald wished ho could close his ears against this talk — not that it in the slightest degree affected his beliefs, but that it affectod what he wished to regard as the character of his friend. Ktzgerald was naturally a hero- worshipper ; and ke was capable of a warm gratitude. He wished 4o think the best of his friend. And when Hilton Clarko talked in this fashon— which he Bcemed to enjoy in proportion as Fitzgerald's f aco fell—the latter would try to dose his ears as much as he could. Then again whon he left ho would endeavor te forget all that he had heard. He would remember only Hilton Clarke's best ,-oinls— the ,chann of his conversation when he happened to light on somo [literary point that interested him ; his great kindness shown to a mere stranger mot by. chance, in tho south of Ireland ; and his personal oonrtesy (the way in _ which he had come to the relief of his improperly attired guest), was still fresh in Fitzgerald's mind. Besides, perhaps his experience of women had been unfortunate ; and perhaps his disparagement of contemporary literature, ?specially of critical literature, was due to a sort of modesty, seeing that he himself held an enviable position in it. 'Well, now, Fitzgorald, let's got on to this magnzin'o business. Won't you smoke ?' 'No, thank you, I novor smoko till night ; it takes up too much time.' 'Ah, tho eager impetuosity of youth, When you got a dozen years oldor you'll bo glad of something to holp you to pass tho hours. Well, my friond the capitalist has got somo impetuosity too. In one day he has managed to secure a business manager for us, and also a publishing office in tho Strand. No doubt wo should start as soon as possible ; for in a short time everyone will be in London for tho season, and then it is that peoplo begin to talk about their plans for tho autumn. Scobcll suggests the week after noxt ; but that is clearly impossible. We must havo material to begin with ; people won't pay a shilling for a more programme of our intentions. My private impression is that the capitalist imagines ho will find himself a porsov of importance in society through his connection with this magazino ; but it will be part of your busi ness, Mr. Sub-Editor, to remember that it is I who am editor of the magazine, and not Dick Scoboll.' ' Oh, of course. I know what rows with pro prietors are,' said Fitzgerald. 'Proprietors are tho most unreasonable of mortals. They don't understand their proper sphere of duty — which is to'pay and look pleasant. If tho venture succeeds, they get good interest for their monoy. If it doesn'i they don't mend matters by coming in at intervals, like a Greek chorus : 'Oh I oh ! oh ! Woo ! woe ! woe ! ' Now, as regards your own position, Fitzgerald,' ho said, as ho poured out a small glass of Chartreuse— showing as ho did so a singular looking ring on his finger, consisting of a little Indian god, in gold, fastened on a broad silver hoop. 'Havo you considered the question of remuneration ? ' 'As regards myself?' 'Yes.' 'Not in the least,' said Fitzgerald, with some thing of a blush. ' I don't expect very much at the outset. I think I am very lucky to get a start so early after coming to London. There is an artist-neighbor of mine who thinks I have been very lucky indeed, and he considers everything a matter of luck, even getting elected a member of tho Academy.' 'He must havo been looking at this year's exhibition,' said Hilton Clarke, drily. ' Well, now, this capitalist friend gives me a lump sum, I may explain to you, and he holds me responsible for all the literary matter, and for having tho thing proporly put together. What you will hare to do won't interfere, I hope and think, with any more serious literary work. Very woll, what do you think of four pounds a week? Speak frankly, you' know, for I may squeeze tho good Scobell a little further yet.' 'Four pounds a week?' said Fitzgerald, with his face brightening up with surprise. ' Then my artist-friend was right I had five-and-twenty shillings a week from tho Cork Chronicle.' 'ItiB enough, then?' 'Yes, indeed. It is for moro than I expected.' ' You should never say that. It is not wise. However,- as I am dealing with another man's money, I am not going to reduce tho offer ; and I think myself it is a fair one. And so you had five-and-twonty shillings a week on tho Cork Chronicle?' said Hilton Clarke, regarding the younger man. 'Twenty-five shillings a week; youth, and health, and high ambition ; and some body to write love vorscs about; I suppose you wero not unhappy? Oh, yes, I could detect that subtle inspiration hero and there, in whatever guise tho young lady turned up. But I have always had a suspicion that when youthful poeta gave their sweethearts long and sounding names, the ladies themselves wore rathor sho*rt of Btature. Is not that so ? It is like calling a musical little verso in Horace a choriambic dimotor acataloctic. The Lady Irmingarde, for example. That is a fine name ; but I would wager now that th« Lady Irmingarde is not over fivo feet two. ' ' ' I don't see what that has to do with this now magazine,' said Master Willie, striving to be vory calm, but with all tho quick blood of the Fitz. geralds blazing in his face. 'Don't bo angry, man,' said the other good naturedly. ' I hope it will have a great deal to do with tho now magazine. You see, in every well-conducted household you will find two or three people cither in lore with somebody or other, or elso willing to think of tho days when they wero ; and you can't appeal to that sentiment unless you, tho writer, have yourself a fresh fount of inspiration to draw from. You don't supposo that the old writers, whon they were describing ? Holen, formed her out of their own head ? Of course not. Of conrso they turned to tho pretty Chloe or tho laughing Lalage of their acquaintance, to see what soft chocks and pretty eyes could be likened to. Do you remember Symmons's translation of that passage in the Agamemnon— well, it is mthcr a paraphrase than a translation ; but listen to this as a piece of English : When first sbo came to Eton's towera Ob, what a glorious Bight, I ween, was. thore ! Tho tranquil beauty of tho gorgeous queen Hung Bolt as breathless summer on nor cheeks, Whereon the damuk sweet, tho glowing zephyr And like an Idol beaming from its shrine, So o'ot the floating sold around her thrown Her peerless tace did shine ; And though sweet softness hung upon their lido, Yet her young eyes otlll wounded whore tier lookod. Is not that fine? Yet her young eyes still wounded where they lookod. And indeed Fitzgerald considered it was so fine — and so nearly suggestive of a pair of soft black innocent young eyes that ho knew of for away, that ho straightway forgot all his wrath, and proposed to his companion that, if he had time, they should walk down to tho Strand, and havo a look at the offices. ' I, can't vory well,' said Hilton Clarke, yawning and stretching out his long legs, and stroking his yellow beard. 'I havo got to dress first. Then I am going on to Jermyn-streot to tho Turkish Baths. Thon I've got one or two calls to moke in tho afternoon. But you might go down if you like, and introduce yourself to the manager. His name is Silas Karp. And don't forget wo must have a touch of sentiment in the magazino ; it is wonderful tho interest that grown peoplo take in young people's love affairs. Look at tho oagerncss with which they read Breach of Promise cases — tho moro absurd the bettor, don't you see ; for they aro delighted to find other people making just such fools of themselves as thoy did at tho same age.' Woll, Fitzgerald got away ; and was rathor glad ; for somehow ho liked Hilton Clarko hotter, and was moro grateful to him, when ho was not listening to him. And now indeed tho day was joyful to him — a fresh, clear, May day, with tho pavoments of Piccadilly looking quite whito ; and all ho could think of was that Kitty would not know soon enough of tho good fortune that had befallen him. After all, why should ho havo been angry about tho mention of tho Lady Irmingardo ? It was only good-humoured banter. For, indeed, as Andy the Hopper had remarked, ''twas Mosthcr Willie had tho duck's back;' and annoyancesran clean off his shoulders, so long as you gavo him plenty of fresh air and sunlight, and a moderate share of pavement for his eager and rapid walking. Ho wont down to the Strand and saw the offices, which wero in a sad state of confusion and dust. Likewise he had a long conversation with Mr. Earp, and a briefer ono with the great capi talist himself, who seemed surprised that Hilton Clarko had not shown up, though Fitzgorald ven tured to point out that an editor could not bo of much use about the place until they had provided him with at least a desk and a penny bottlo of ink. Then with one hurried and passing glance at tho office of tho Liberal Review — whore, per haps, that first contribution of his was at this very moment under consideration— ho set off home as fast as his logs could carry him, anxious to fill up the'rost of tho day with some work, and also in tho secret hope of finding a letter from Kitty, missed by his early outgoing of that morn ing, awaiting him. Moreover, ho was very hungry, after Jthcso many hours ; and so, on reaching his spacious if somewhat bare and low roofed study, he besought bis landlady to cook him a chop with all convenient speed. And in deed that was a right royal banquet that ho on joyed thorc, all by himself, in tbo silont, big room, made cheerful by the sunlight streaming in at tho open window ; for if it only consisted of a chop, somo broad, and a gloss of ale, was there not a letter of Kilty's, over a dozen pages long, to serve as a musical and laughing accompani ment ? The sun shone warm on tho faded rugs on tho floor ; there was the faintest stirring of tho wind among tho young piano- trees in tho court yard outsido ; in tho silence it almost seemed as if he could hear Kitty talking to him. And then again he had to imagine another picture — that lofty littlo terrace that looked down on Cork and over to Shandon steeple ; and a small room there; and Kitty bending over these precious leaves, and sometimes raising her head, to look at the rain or to think of him far away. ? 'Audloy Place, Tuesday, 'My beloved and Bonny Coulin,* — What I have dono to desorvo it I. don't know, but since over I came back to this blessed town there has been nothing but rain, rain, and rain, and tho Beautiful City, that you tried to make me believe was like Venice, is nothing but a mass of smoke away down in a hole, and St. Mary's steeple over there seems to shiver with cold when it strikes the half-hours, and the only human beings within sight arc a lot of rooks in tho meadows across tho road, and yon can tell by the noise' thoy make they ore in a frightful temper bocause of tho wot. I do wonder now more than over where, in such a climate, a certain person got all tho sunniness that's in his face, and in his eyes, and more par ticularly his hair. Did he take all there was to got and leave none? At all events, Master Conlin, it's a very good thing for you, and it's a very bad thing for me, that you and I did not livo in tho time whon the cold- hearted Saxon made tho young Irishmen crop their locks, for then I wouldn't have looked at you, and I'd have minded my own proper business. ' Dear mo, tbo audacity of some people and tho folly of others ! Just when a good contralto is worth a mint of money in Italian opera, jealousy steps in and says, No, you sha'n't ; you sha'n't oven bo allowed to sing in England ; no more Crystal Palaco for you ; nothing but concerts in such centres of civilisa tion as Cork and Limerick and Belfast ; and just to make sure of hiding away such a diamond — no, I suppose it should bo an emerald in Ireland — I'll set DonFietna and his wickod elves to bind . you in invisible chains, and something awful will happen to you if you even whisper La Scala in your dreams. Well, whether it was hortro mendous good-nature, or whether it was tho sun light that hod got into tho brown of Mr. Jealousy's hair, or whether sho got such a fright with the ghosts that sho promised anything with out the slightest notion, of koeping her word, I don't know, but the thing was dono ; and thon all of a sudden — in return for her extraordinary good-nature and self-sacrifice, she finds herself a forlorn and forsaken damsel ; left to paco up and down the sand of Inisheon, which, as Andy the Hopper remarks, is so firm and clean that, 'sure, Miss, ye might walk on it wid a satin shoe.' ' Oh Willie, I'm sick tired of the rain, and I don't know what I'm writing to you. I was wet through hist night coming homo. What induced me to take these rooms I don't know. I shall never again take lodgings where one cannot drive homo on a wet night. But Miss Patloncesays ahe likes largo viewB ; '''I suppose thoy conform with her great mind. I havo been bo good, Willie. I have been really so very good that I don't know what to do with myself ; and I ex pect to find wings sprouting some morning when I got np. I haven't gone round by tho barracks once, and tho two or three times I have gono round I have kopt my eyes fixed on tbo gravel the whole way, just in case a young 033'ifer might como riding out (I con sco the frown on your faco quite clearly, and, perhaps, it isn't safe to put jokos in a lotter, whon one isn't by to bo scolded for impertinence, flippancy, unladyliko manners, and all the pleasant rest of it). Bo wo'H got back to business, pleaso, and tho truth is, you know, Master Willie, although it has been reserved for an English singer to reveal to the Irish pooplo thepatho3 of. 'The Bells of Shandon,' all tho same tho English sineer can't earn a living by singing that ono song, — unless indeed she wero to sing it through the streets, like Nellie in tho Green Bushes. No, nor oven when she makes a * Coulin In Irish means 'The youth with tbo flowing bah-.' Mta Ilomayne was doubtless familiar with Meore's songs. skilful selection illustrating tho wondorful vir tues of tho Irish people, and whon sho shifts her engagements as much as possiblo from north to south, and cast to west ; yes, and oven whon she. makes excuses for protty long holidays— at Inis been or elsowhoro ; ovon tho Irish peoplo, though liking to bo told of their virtues, may got a littlo tired of her, and wish to sco a littlo less of hor. In that coso managers might begin to hint about reduction of terms ; whereas, even at present, it's just about all she can do to keep things straight —waiting for tho glorious time whon Princo Goldonhair is coming to claim hor and carry her off. Very woll, now this is tho point ; at tho ? Thoatro in Dublin thoy'ro going to put in a panorama between tho pieces, and thoy'vo made mo an offer — (now you needn't jump out of your chair like that ; it isn't to go on tho stage) — I say thoy have mado mo a very fair and liberal offor if I will go and sing for them — only ono song each evening, which is light work, and I shall havo no oxpenso of dresses or gloves, for I sing in tho ' wings' unseen. Don't you see the panorama is really a serios of pictures of Irish scenery, and when they como to tho finost of them — o£ course it's Killarnoy in moonlight, that's because they don't know the glen near the Blackwater whero Don Fiorna lives and whero mischief is dono to the hearts of poor distressed damsels, — then the orchestra begins to play very softly and sweetly, and then you hear the voico of an angel (that's mo) singing away somewhere ; at Innisfallcn or Killccnalongka. I don't think much of the song thoy havo sent me ; but I daresay it wiUx sound very nice in that mysterious way, and the moon light and tho view of the lake will put a charm into my poor singing. Now Willie, I know you don't want mo to go to Dublin ; but this isn't liko going to Dublin in an ordinary kind of way, for my name won't appear in tho bills at all, and nobody will know who is singing. It will really bo a long holiday for me, and I shall come back to my concert series after a sufficiently long ab sence, and I promiso you that as I shall havo no audience visible, I will sing every evening just as if I were singing to you ; and think of you all tho time, and tho management will not havo reason to bo sorry for that. Now what do you Bay ? My father's' half pay just about keeps him, you know ; but.I havo always tried to sond him somo littlo present about midsummer to induce him to go down to Ramsgate or Margate for a week. Then these long holidays oven with all tho good old Patience's economy, have very nearly emptied my purse, and supposing that Prinoo Golden-hair wero suddenly to appear and say, ' Look ' sharp, Miss Kitty, I'vo found tho bag of diamonds I wont for. Como along !' wouldn't it bo vory awkward if I had to say, ' Oh, but, dear sir, I haven't got a farthing to buy my whito satin dress with.' So bo a good boy and don't make any objections, and cvory night I'll think of you as I'm singing the song— oh dear mo, as if I had anything else to do now but think of you ; with a bit of a cry now and again. 'What is the use of my writing to you? I know what you ore doing at this moment. You aro not working at all ; you arc not thinking of me at all ; you are walking in Hydo Park with Mr. Supercilious and admiring tho hno ladies, and I shouldn't wonder if ho had got you to convict-crop your hair, liko his own, and wear glovos to get your hands white. Why should I waste my timo on you when you're not thinking about mo ? Por haps you won't open this letter at all ; perhaps you will leavo it lying unopened .on tho table. I shouldn't wonder a bit. ' I got Miss Patience to drivo out on a car to the glen. But it was common daylight, and Don Fierna and his elves had gono away indoors ; and there was nothing but grumbling from tho dear old Pationco at her having to scramble down the bank and scratch hor hand with briars. Sho couldn't imagine why I wanted to pull hor to pieces liko that, nor could I get Andy the Hopper that same afternoon to say a word about fairies or Don Fierna. Indeed all the neighborhood became quite commonplace. Inishecn is a mean-looking, miserable hole ; I never saw such dirty streets ; and tho wrotched tubs of vessels aro lying not on Band at all, but on mud. I hated it— except one or two nights whon the moon was' up, and I looked out on the cliffs beyond the bar, and I said to myself, 'Well now, if my bonny boy woro coming homo from these cliffs carrying with him the wild pigeons he had bcon after all tho day, perhaps I'd liko tho place a littlo better,' and then, you'know, how could I help thinking of the night you rowed mo homo in tho boat, and all Inishoen asleep, and you had wrapped mo up so tight in tbo shawl. I waved my handkerchief to you from tho window, but I daren't lift tho win dow, so you couldn't see. I watched you go away back to the town— tho boat tho weest black Bpeck on the silver of the water. Dear me, that I should say anything against Inishoen, that is the dealest spot in tho world to me, and hallowed by associations that memory will nover give np. My dear, dear Inishecn I My beautiful Inisheon ! And will it be moonlight on thatsomo night seven years hence ? Perhaps I shall not bo so frightened then. ' But what I dread most of all, Willie, is next Sunday morning. I know it will be a beautiful morning just to spite me. And I know how I shall wait about tho window with all my things on long before the timo, and looking over to tho clock of St. Anno's and wishing it would push ahead and mako tho single Sbandon bell strike tho half hour. (Why did you quarrel with Miss Patience, Willie? It was so nice to listen for your ring at tbo bell). And thon half- past ten strikes and out I go ; and I am certain it will bo tho loveliest morning, and the hawthorn just coming out ; and all tho fresh air sweet- scented. And no ono at tho corner— the placo quito empty— no traco of tho gamckoopcrish young Apollo with the shy eyes and tho sun brown locks, who used to say, ' Tho top of tho morning to ye, Miss Kitty ! and bo so modest and gratoful for her condescension. Then away sho goes all alone; post tho barracks— but really, really and truly, honor bright, keeping her eyes on tho ground the whole way until sho has passed tho walls— and thon do you know ofalono about tbero, Master Willio? Do jou know of a lane about thore that you can go along and twist and turn about, until you got out among hedgerowB, whero grown-up children can pull wild flowers and say pretty things to each other? Did you overgo along Buchalane? ' But you aro not listening. You aro out walking with Mr. Superciliousness, and if thero's anybody in tho wido world who hates you with her whole heart, it's your despised but forgiving, 'KiTir.' Ho lookod at tho beginning of tho lotter again. ' I'm glad it rained on. Tuesday,' ho said to himself ; and ho thought that his conscience would perhaps absolve him if ho put off his work for a littlo whilo, to sond Kitty just as long a letter as she had sent him— cheating tho great distanco botwoen thorn as it wero, and imagining himself talking to her in tho littlo room looking over the valley to Shandon tower. 