CHAPTER Y. £ L'OBDBE DU JOUR. Atteb the burning lever bad left her and the days of retaining oonvalesaenoe suc ceeded, Theodora would lie and think it ail over-her childhood with her young mother, her father's grave, Willie's going away, Bast Gttrra days when life in her baBh home had been eo beautiful; that drive with her uncle when he had asked her opinion *nd aclyiofl, what she had said and bow be came borne ailing and hopeless, sod bow she had seen him die. They had all died, her mother, father, Willie, and uncle; and she asked herself bitterly why she was left. Tben the picture of thai night as she stood before the sea of faces in the theatre with her destiny slipping through her trembling fingers and the voice mate in her throat; it would reonr again and again with vivid distinctness, and it had a peculiarly stimulating effect npon her. " II I only could have sung, how they would have obeered and dapped, and gone home raving of me. They will do it yet," she would say, with the old flash of resolve in her eyes," I will get strong quickly, and Mr. Rostin must not help me this time, I want to fight my battle by myself as-1 said at Garra I would. I must never be weak again or let myself.fail." And as each day brought her back physical strength, it did not lessen the resolution in her. One day, when the sun warmed the cottage with his soft rays, and the little canaries twittered merrily in their1 corner, Theodora closed the little gate on them, and with subdued anticipation in her eyes,, and a suspicious fold round her mouth which meant resolution, she went by her self to seek what she wanted. Old Mr. Eostin was away in his office, and no one else in the world knew or cared to know of her errand. Tea, there was Bessie, she remembered compunctiously. " If I am unsuccessful, I will advertise tor her-no I will not, Bhe is so warm hearted, poor child, it would only grieve her. No I" will he utterly friendless and penniless if this mission be unsuccessful but oh, I trust I will be spared another humiliation, I could not survive it," "she whispered to herself, as she went hurriedly on her way through the crowded Btreete, noticing no one and nothing. Though beauty and grace could be found on every side, many a won'deiing look followed the tall slender girl, for Theodora Vail if a living poem of beauty in her bush loneli neHB.and bush surroundings lost none of it in the cityj she had a dislingu^ air, and the poetic beauty of her eyes and face had become, if anything more marked and refined of late. In the evening she walked back through the same streets and in the game thought rapt manner, but this time there was a happy, satisfied look in her eyes, and the lips were released from their erat hard Bet ting and were folded into their natural Bweet but serious ecuving. She had been eucess fal in her negotiations with the iheatre manage r, and was to give her first readirg in the oouTBa of a month-" ptrhaps sooner," he said. " I mil iiy and arrange for you to come on as soon as this pkee is ofi the besrds. Could you be ready in two w«eks f Now she could tell her old friend, and how he would rejoice with her inher hopes of fame and independence. " For of course I will be « success," she Baid. . Mr. Rogsin endorsed her words in his half foreign sanguine way. " Of courBe you will be a BUCoesB, you would not disappoint the egre Bgain,why, ii wonld tear yon to pieces. Beoitations and leadings are a Vordre dujqwr-everybody will go to hear jou, and lew will recognise the little bird that oonld sing, bnt wouldn't sing for them. This time yen will appear under yonr own name yon say, I am glad it i8 bo, and I am fill eagerness to witness your triumph, my little dark-eyed girl of strong will and independent spirit." Bessie oame one morning when Theodora waB rehearsing, and waited iu the little oottagH parlour. Waited! running to the gate to lonk out, talking to the oanaries, trying the piano, suoh a whirl of restless expectation she was. .'Oh, my own Pansy, to think of your living in a poky little place like this after Gurra, and your having been ill, and,"worse than all, there is your name all over the newspapers, and stuok up on bills; tliat'n how we found you out, Papa, Dave, and I. It was suoh work! I never oouid have done it, only for Dave, and he wanted to wait and see you so muob, but I wouldn't let him." Seeing Theodora's blanknees. "Oh, I forgot ! I am to be married, you know, next month, or sooner, if I like, and it will be sooner now that I've found you, Pansy. Dave has taken a house in St. Kilda, and we will all live together-it will be glorious! Oh, Pansy, don't smile in that way, as though you think I am talking nonsense; it looks as if you humour me in that grand, superior way you've got.'* . And Theodora bad to. kisB the fair, pouting face, and explain that she under stood that it was all thorough earnestness \--but wasn't Dave to be consulted ? "Of course, 1 consulted him long ago, and we agreed that we would wait till we found you, for I knew you would keep your promise, and I wouldn't be married unless you were with me, Pansy." "Dave" was David Campion, a young lawyer whpm legal business with Lawyer Bruce had sent on a trip from Melbourne to Mainhurst. He at once succumbed to Bessie's charms, and an immediate engage ment wad entered into. Her Quixotic notions regarding her lost friend alter-1 nately annoyed and amused Mr. Campion, but he warmly appreciated the sweet kind ness of her nature'that gave birth to them. The night came again for Theodora Vail to stand under the gaslight before. the eager-eyed multitude. She bore herself with graceful courage, and her calm, en thusiastic face added so much reality to her translation that she carried every sense and feeling with her, every single nerve in the hundreds of bodies before her thrilled and responded to the magnetism of her voice and power. Utter silence followed her exit, then one involuntary and simultaneous " Bravo !" broke from every throat. S!ie must come before them again. They thundered for her reap pearance. She came, not smiling and kissing her hand as one of the profession always responds to a recall, in the falla cious belief that thus only can she testify her appreciation of the honour j but calmly and steadily, with the same look of irrmasHioned vehemence still on her face and shadowing her eyes, she came, all un smiling, and bent her head in stately response. This was unexpected, and quiet of a moment followed; then they understood and pronounced it capital! Splendid ! She bad never lost ber identity, smiling, bending, and hanci-kiBBiag, would have De linked ber from h?r oast. In her strangely pathetic way she had thrilled and awakened their deepest feeling by her rendering oi one of the wildest and most tragic pooms in our language, and soph u change of expres sion and demeanour would have made the feelings of even the least susceptible recoil and fall baok to their sources. Naturally wo inoline to the pleasant, and it is often a wondrous relief to see a gloomy tragedy queen who has laboured through the terrors and trials of three long acts, reappear with dimpling face and beaming eyes. We are glad to find that she has put all her woes somewhere behind the soenea, at the same time, it takes the grandc finale off her work, and adds u broad daBh of faroe, spoiling the most realistic tragedy. She had fought her battle, as she had said at Gurra she would, and conquered ; and with every new evidence gf her tame, with eyety fyesa ovation, she feit hertelf conceive newer and higher am bilions; aa unsatisfied waving for fnlltr scope and newer fields, took possession of her. It was inborn in her, this hanger for Bometbisg, she could give it no name; she oared nothing that her name was on every tongue and always mentioned wi»h respect and admiration, though she felt pleased that she had secured independence of livelihood by her talents. She hadfelt this dissatisfaction with herself at Gurra; her nnole had always accounted for it by over-study and inoongruous reading, she had hetBelf thought it arose from want of pur pose from inaotion and that oooupation would be its oure; yet, here it was again. One day while reading oarelesdy, these words oanght her attention: " Wliile fame BiandBbyus all alone she is an angpl oled in light and strength, bat when lovt touahes her she drops her sword and fates away ghost-like end ashamed." " I woider if it will be so with me," she said. Bessie was married a few weeks alter that day of finding her friend in Mr?. Randal's cottage, and Theodora yielding to tleir per sistant urginge took up her abode vith Mr. and Mib. David Campion in their nevhome. Bessie was so proud of her frienl's suc cesses and d8lii:hted in her new natroniy honours because she oould be of some service to her as chaperone. Thi young people always went with her when sie gave a reading, and with these Tigilant guardians, and old Mr. Bostin wto never failed to be at the door waiting her arrival, few or none could approach. They said of her that she was proud, reserved, aud held herself too much aloof, such unnodability would be a clog on her new repxtation, ahe woald never become a favourite Thoedora did not know-she hid had few associates in her life at home, end now she desired fewer; though she was kindly and gracious to those who had ihe good fortune to come within the eircb of her guard of honour, and make her acquaint ance. " Pansy likes people, or she doesn't like them/' Mrs, Campion Baid m hex deliri ously explicit way to her husband, vhen lit was receiving his instructions, "bo jueI introduce a few of the sort that she will like, and let Mr. Eoatin pick tiem, he knows better than you." One night near the end of her sngage ment, Bessie could not come as usual, for a telegram had come from Hugh Campion, Dave's brother, who owned a Birall stock station in Queensland, saying he was coming to-Meibourne, he would arrive that night with a friend, and as he was anxious to see hia new sieter- in-law, he would go straight to St. Kilda. Bessie decided that Dave must escort Theodora, and she would stay at home for this abrupt self-invited brother-in-law, who had the reputation of being the most reckless hor3e-breaker, and wildest bush-rider for miles around his interior Queensland home.. " If your brother doesn't look a Goth, and comeB early, I'll take him and his friend to hear Theodora, so secure our old seats if you can, Dave." 