OAULFIELD. . SInco my last, work has procoodod without lotermption although the weather has boon cold sad boisterous, On Wednesday Bella- dram did a good gallop with tho Dootor for a inilo, making vory good timo. St. Lauronco c&d; tbo host of a three furlong spin with Duenna. White tbo Ghost polished off Kanaka and Dictator for Imif-a mile. The Stag, altar baulking sovoral times jumpod his fence vory easily fie was accompanied by a good looking c«lt by Smuggler, who took his fences jn , capital stylo. Maud a speedy looking filly by Glorious, cantered and spiuted throo furlongs. Angler did some ball pace work. Couinoto wont long modium exercise. Thursday brought a bright mora- Mpaod some good work followed. Sir Jusoph oul Calma did a good strong onco round, tbo uifitaaco covered being noarly a mile and a calf, Duonna and St Laurence cantorod and inputted for thrco furlongs, Granvill and Norfolk ran a strong onco round, both going eu> Dougalston ourprisod the onlookers at Too easy manner ho disposed of Pollio over a xnilsand half. To all appearancos tho weights pretty " evon, but tbo luttir was not in part of tho journey able koepwith him. Transferred atrodo along onco round in his nsual good stylo, Liberator aud PaH >11. » n 4 Mti» ... .7 avw.ua u.u u hwu xi iuiiu wuikii,) fpcop; the latter is looking well.: Monitor "s#n® treated to good useful work, Placid was wnt a strong half. mile. TmVt did (JThg medium work, finishing with % K'Ofnl dtjco xouQjl. Rubens and Fish did usi ..Hvorkovor V, King of tho Foroat, Kambroek, "oldgnder, Beodlo,' Merry Fenuolla, The wattbyrnong, Habena Oolt, King's Son, aud O'crsl other 2 year olds, did nice sorvicoablo .Work, - . This morning (Saturday) was very cold, with "OUR winds blowing. MrGonnolly gavoToorak ana > Gordinia a ooiipla of rounds at a good 3Qtr, finish up with strong i mile. Hr»r Jwjeity and Timon did steady work. Aide and Ooomote'e work eonsistsd ot JW6 or three good canters, striding alongtha xast hIf-milo. Calma and Sir Joseph, after petering, did two ronndoaftor agooa lmlt- Nappor Tander doing similar work vory In Transferred did a steady round, fob lowed by two miles at a good working gallop. J'weratoE and Pollio gallopod Btrong and woll l0,undaftGr somo qniet work. i)ongaUton "Oaealong for about a roilo and i in good stylo !r,n8t loskihg nico and frosh, did a couple o. f0furn8, striding along a bit for a third ill: tor three steady rounds, improving tho last time round. Daonna, St. 22» 1 tho Maribyrnong lfabona colt ."tored and spurtod abont hnlia mile. Wost- 8na Oolstoun did uomo useful half paca 31, Dhurringhilo did throo railos at a good banter, finishing up with a strong Hisoount cantorod briskly three timos ro, the Yattondon qolt and Sir and k doing ;uaoful . work. . .King's Son Podro ' ' 'woro going atoady. ' Maihbraeo', ' No Commission, ftinull ' usilior, woto-aII troatod to long frf.JJ t $ork, Mr pufiet's team, . consisting of Norfolk, Placid, aud Tamwottli woro vittlDg but' did hot work up to rhy leaving,' " 