THE INSURANCE CON SPIRACY CASE. 8DPBEME COCBT-CRpiIN'AL snTINGS^i [Before Hia Honor Mr. Justice Boucautand a Jury.) Tntfsmv MaV 9 Fbi. ForeyOi Bentham Paynttr Morrison, and Otto ZhiBarry, for conspiring to defraud the Australian AlIlAnril Afwnrfltiw* (Vmnanu s\t flia o..m ft.* £5,coo, was called on, Mr. l-owner n»o and asked that the trial might be postponed till the next sittings. Ho made the application on an affidavit ^7 -K* w- Jrarle-fu managing clerk for Messrs. li. E. & H. P. Downer, in which it was set out that m March the defendants were com mitted _ for trial ; a few days previously Wm. Hicks, Jas. Barker, Win. Fotsyth. and Thos. Robt. Horton were committed for trial on two charges : and recently Jas. Barker and Thos. Robt. Horton had been convicted of the offence for which they were tried. The Court had bsen crowded during tlio hearing of the case; verbatim reports of the proceedings were taken; and published in the daily papers, several editions bcin? issued almost hourly during tho hearing, which lasted for eight days. After the trial lead ing articles had appeared in each of the two leading papers, in one of which the following paragraph accurred : — ' We find Barker— whose 'plain duty it was, if ha bad acted honestly before, to have informed tho Society at this'staeo of all the facts— taking a cottage atUrighton to. recoive tuo .living ghoat in -which the partnership first speculated. . . . The last' same at length came.. Weatherliead. with ice in each hand and in his mouth, grinned his parting recognition to Hicks, whom he. hated and despised as: thoroughly as he seems to have liked Barker ; a convenient certificate was obtained from a pUable physician, attributing the deata to a three months' phthisis ; £23 was spent upon a decent funeral ; Mr. Littlewood, the landlord, earned his ten .shillings by following tho 'dear defunct;' the telegraph went to work again, and notice of death was given to tha Society on the part of Forsyth as assignee of the policy.' In the other lending article if was stated that— 'This is the greatest and most remarkable criminal case that has ever occupied the attention of the Supreme Court of South Australia, considering the protracted nature of the trial, the position of the parties concerned, the magnitude of the issues involved, the many months occupied in the elabora tion, and carrying ont of the crime, and the many extraordinary incidents marking the course of tho conspiracy. We have had murder cases in which .there was a terrible interest, but that was more evanescent, and the attention of frequenters of the Court and the public generally was not so sustained as in this instance by variety of circumstance, start ling events, dramatic positions of the actors in the afiair. ingenuity of plot, striking tableaux, and occa sional passages of comedy. There were not wanting either in this affair some touches of the horrible, 'especially in the last moments of the poor wretch Weathernead, ' when, the power of articulation having left him for ever, he favoured with a ?grin of recognition' his vile confederate Hicks, on whom he had previously be stowed so many curses and lavished such foul epithets. No other, cause cilcbrS in South Australia , has ever occupied so large a space in people's minds and' daily conversation as this has. The revelations in the Police Court of the fraud created' a- great sensation, but public interest, re newed by the- flight- oS one conspirator, and the 'attempted escape of another, naturally quickened as the trial, drew near, and culminated when the and betrayed his fellow-criminals. Since then the details of the conspiracy case have filled the newspapers, and have formed the chief topics of dis cburse in public and private, in railway trains, at the breakfast' table, and wherever two or three people, ?whether' young or old, aregathered together. The names of 'Weatherhead, Hicks, Forsyth, Barker, arid Horton have' 'become unpleasantly notorious,; but still as familiar as household words, and pro bably there are no names or event) in ancient or modern history ? concerning 'which our State scholars, whether boys or girls-, could sus tain a close examination so triumphantly as they' could with regard to the actord and incidents in this strange drama. ?'. . ?. ! Hicks conceived the idea of a wholesale system of fraudulent insurance; Barker brought the first sub ject for the daring experiment.' in the person of weatherhead, and the gang made the most of him. He was almost 'too good' for the purpose, for there .'was danger of hia dying soi soon that suspicion would be aroused. Aboutj three years previously Weatherhead had been in tho hospital for pneumonia. Within nine months of the, time when be was proposed for insurance he ? had been in ? the Hospital, ? the -Convalescent Homeland the. Destitute Asylum, arid had been declared by several medical men who had attended him to.bssuffering from incurable phthisis, from which he must soon die. He was emaciated almost to the condition of 'mere skin and bone, almost constantly coughing, spitting blood and mucous .matter, in nearly the last extremity of weak ness, and death was ^written in his face bo plainly that r no skilled doctor was:' needed rto read it. This, man was .-seen .and examined by Dr. Horton. and pronounced sound, healthy, fend in all -respects a nrst-ciass me. uarKer, wnp nau . known him for six years, gave a friend's report to the same effect. Hicks, after becoming acquainted with Weatherhead, dictated a similar report, which was filled in and signed by a person who has not been arraigned forthe offence, but has acknowledged it in evidence. The conspirators insured Weather head in the Australian Mutual Provident Society for £3,000; andin the Australian Alliance Co. for 45,000.' The offence charged was intimately connectedwith the charge on which the conviction had been gained, and the Jury was composed of residents in the city and the suburbs, and so much prejudice prevailed among the class of people 0/ whom the Jury was composed that ? the prisoners would not havb a fair trial. Mr. Downerquoted Beg. y. B61an2,Mo9dy and TloTnrisoirns, and'UTged that-the- Jmy-ernpannelled ?consisted almost entirely of persons Jiving in Ade laide, where the excitement- was greatest; and it might be that they had been in attendance, during the whole of the previous case had perhaps baa conversation with the Jury, .and, would 'most likely be influenced more particularly _by tha verdict at -which the other Jury had arrived. Then as to the question of prejudice, tbe'publie mind had been inflamed by the numerous reports that had appeared in the dailypapera. The proceedings in thfeT?olica , Court were analagous to those before the Coroner's Jury! Baron Park in the case he had jCited had -commented strongly as. to the impropriety of. publishing, tlie evidence, and had said that the proprietors ivere liable to be- indicted for publishing it. ? The newspapers had published every scrap, of 'in&rinfltionAan;(Utmust of necessity have excited the public mEil mtt) Jlesp8ct'to~ the pro ceedings ..no,w .onder ( ;inrestigatipn. Then por traits had been published ot all .the1 defen dants 'but* Df. Morrison, and.- comments -on the \- .course of the procedure clearly had reference to the; futnro tuTvcflaa the pn.it — Xhe-axticlasireferred to .'Weatberheadas being a mere ghost taken U- Brigh ton lor tbe purpose of lingering on for a short time1 ' to carry out tBefx designs: - That appeared In Satur day's paper,- and- -referred, to the proceedings coining on, because . one' part spoke of the con spiracy , to Insure 'itf' the Mutual Provident fox' -£3^Ba,_and_thfllAustaUan_Alliance'Jor £8,000. The newspapers said that tbe man Weatherhead was aliving gnost'wKom'no doctors could: reasonably- passTthuspronbunciiig'aa opinion to nrejn'dice'tne public mind and the Jnw against his client. They also alluded to the afiair as a 'gigantic dwindle,' end to the defendants as a Tl gang' [of con-, 'spiratorsr-The - wtide — which — did— this was : cleTBtly; : : Written^ and brought \ ther facts, out dramatically, and in suea a, way that he -felt it| war utterly Impossible for1 the Jury ' & calmly and dtspasdcnately .give their, -verdict on. tbe en Aar*M olntia ' TVto nnnoM tnn. tiflj) Alan fsurl one of the defendants: had endeavoured to escape^ and tha afficuwlt'stort? efftBat even-thfrscUobl children would be better able to paea an examination in the alleged 4oing?of/Hie]tsandBarker,&ndtb.eir; co-conspirators than in the heroes of antiquity or of modern history. He asked- for the case to.be postponed. ' . :? ? Mr. 'Pater said lie 'had no objection to offer to the ?poatponethent aBked ' for aa he apprehended that, tbe datetjfthe punishment of bis client would begin. irottLtha-flrat'dayof the sittings. j ' ? Mi. Degenhardt said nothing had appeared in the papers UKely td prejudice the interests of his client -Du Barry, and be waa .quite_wjlling_to let' the casa go on. . Mr- Mann trusted His Honor would not'make the order- requested. The application in the case of Begina ?. Bolam -was the only solitary; instance mentioned in -tbe law books, and, as Baron Parke had said, it ought .in no case -to be regarded as a precedent. In tho case of Begina v, Bolam the papers referred, to Bolam as a murderer bef ore the trial, whereas all that had been [done in tiris-ease-by- rtb.e-papei8-wa3 — reporting the evidence and commenting fairly- enough op the ver dict which bid Hen given In ajprevfous case. Surely the' Bvunming-up ;ol His ;Hanor,.,thel counsels' irnuvhpo nnrt thn flnlpmrf -verdict of the Jurv. pfould nave far more weignron tne pnDuq nunaana )n possible Jurots than ' mere newspaper comments, rbere-was absolutely. jiotningjn! tbe ;comments made as to Dr. Morrison j and His Honor of course tvould , not forget that the Jrabllc and possible Jurors- had a right tobfe in Court during tbe pre rious trial The cost of an adiournmfnt would be a -serious one-, es ?witnesses nad been brought itjvery serious expense, and if this caseiwere post poned till pext sessions it would pe~Ea uallyioir that l&e; third case should be postponed till too sessions liter next.. And was this toie- dona [because a young gentleman named Varley said that in his opinion the ' public mind was . so prejudiced EfcrUrrBJonfeon- ?wooM-not-now-get a fair- trial. Be did not know Whether this! ^Ba the Mr. , Varley wbowasso active in the last case,' He believed he wdaa'clfirk in Messr;: Downer's office, and this ol itself, was a circumstance which -led him to remarfc -that- in -the caflfl Of Jfegtoaj v. Bolam one of the principals ',in the ease made the affidavit, and 'not a ,0iereV,cIaSlnJhi8 office..* And- it might.' be intetestinff— W- know] that Mr. Varley had recently returned to. the colony, and - igpq ioftfit. iHri»iy nT all people to be agcKJd judgS'aa to tbe .alleged inflamed state dTpSDUc 1 eeSng in - reference to *M* ease. It could not be ptetendM tbat the public excitement was such that tne Jury could Dot do their duty iplemnly. [ * : - ? Mr. Downer said that, although Di. Morrison might nof be referred to by-name, the faewspapera Bald that1 WeitfcerbeB'i vss a living ghost. ; Surely this was .condemning tbe doctor who passed him. They, also referred, to the insurance ol £5,000, wtflch ?trasHhe sum d«attiirwil^- ttiis case.) As toBIrc Varley, be might 'say ne was manaring. derk-to Mtssre. -Downer^ Md an attorney ox that Court, and that, therefore. It was not disrespectful. totlia Court that he should make the affidavit! He&iW; Els Honor, if be bad a doubt, to give the defendants - the benefit oiiVandpostpone tee WaL| :'.?'???'-'? \- Bis Honor said the question of expense, thongbr: an important oii&«o-' doubt! na inslJcnlScant cbm- . pared.to4oinJEJnstice to the defendants^ andit d}d not weigh ivlEih^m at ^ m this case-1 -The other - def en danti, 'Barker and DuBarry, did riot seriously^. 'oppoei the ttUl 'at preseot r therefore,,1 practically/ tne 'request for *an 'adjournment was made only on tjebalf of , In. Monisoiu, . Xbe. Crown £ oUdittr bad maxle some very pr6£ey : remarks in -elerence. to, Mi^YtHj^ b*ffi& %aa30-tbe affidari^ as the Court baa a right to expect that me aittozney. in lUe'As^iri* notals TJHaHgmg. cerki'sbotdd' -make Uje'Amdavtt. Hsyooldg^tponi the .bearing1 of tb» tase.if &3;ti»ngnt Dr. Horrison 'would Hot ^o^ienrise-gst^^eir-. trial; hut. ha did hot think w ^orftEonisDi.- 'Badldnoitao'j. the,cireOT)Btepves oi ^he f ijlur^s,' tt'otigh ' Hley might' be B senoos ?Bgenec : R wouli biVftKefec: letter fa. the /other, papera if the very sT-lewriteTB there had beenanttle: Jfe(BLii&% '? t^tteed tSot ' 'Dr. | iMorrisprfs *name wa&jBtudlously;^e^cluae^ flxra tbat ^oro. ?yr$n&} * jwtfrfttirfTW--MM1---Tft^r qoyrTnftp^M AT^f.qft ^*ff«fA tried* -be ^neaTb%HlpSi*tni:t6 be tried.! Ho did not degrwj^ffi&lJT;/MflntBn, ahdto MolMh&-i' fore refee Mr. Cunnwfg^Kilfaaio*! r :.c'.. ..;: .. _Mr. Pater aBked His flonor that Bw ter, who had ?pleadea ttHtim^WtillKam ftign t be allowed, ander clause 886 of the Criminal ia* 1 /ontolidatlon Ati,-SSrtm,%oHMUi teWBjdm.tarel erence to tha result of tbe last case. The clause was as follows:— 1 'UndM-any plea of autrt/ein convict or of aiiirffoi* I acquit it f-hall be sufficient for the accused to alleTe that he had been lawfully convicted or acquitted, as the case may be, of tbe^aid offence charged in the information, without specifying ' the time or placetjf last previous conviction oracjuittal.' His Honor said the plea could bo handed in as a matter of right. ' ? 1 - ? ? ; ? The plea was handed in, and sipied by Mr! Pater as Barker's counsel. It allowed that the offence now charged was the same one as he had been previously convicted for. Mr. Majm said Barker must withdraw his pre vious plea of not guilty before tho Court coald receive this plea that ho had been 'lawfully con victed' of a conspiracy, which was tha same as the present charge. His Honor— The Ctora Solicitor is right. The plea of not guilty is inconsistent with the plei just handed in. The point had not escaped my atten tion. Mr. Mann— Nor ours. But we must have a little time to say whether we will join issue. His Honor — You could not have had an in timation of this, and have now a right to time to say whether you will traverso the plea or confess. Mr. Pater — They must reply, or they can abas Jon ttie prosecution. The Crown Solicitor appeared to hint just now that he would do so. - . Mr. Mann— Not at all. The present issue has not previously-been raised. His Honor— What I propose to say is, that tho Crown propose to traverse this plea. It will hive to go to tbe Jury, and will take a preliminary trial. The whole circumstances may have to be gona into. This is a pure question of law, and tbe question will be whether this alleged conspiracy sj merges into tbe other as to be one. I will allow Mr. 1'jter a special case on it. Mr. Pater— Then I will not waste the time of the Court and the Jury bj appearing rurther in t'lis case. I readily airee to this, so that my client may have the benefit of your Honor's notes in reference to the evidence of Hicks. Tho conspiracy is des cribed as a wholesale swindle, and therefore tho acts cannot be taken as separate offences. Ilis Honor— The Crown say there are three sepa rate conspiracies, and that the defendants, may be liable in each. Mr. Mann— That is precisely so. Mr. Pater— I will point out that the newspapers refer to the swindle as one on a wholesale scale and syste m. His Honor— I will reserve a case, Mr. Pater, 'as to whether I should direct the Jury on Hicks'a evidence tbat they should return a verdict for the defendant on the plea just handed in.' Mr. Pater— Also on the evidence of the docu ments. His Honor— I will say 'on the evidence generally.' IMr. Pater and Mr. linklater then withdrew from the case, and left the Court.] The charge against the defendants was then road to the Jury. The Crown Solicitor (Hon. C. Mann,. Q.C.) with Mr. J. H. Symon and Mr. Moore ap peared for the prosecution ; Mr. H. E, Downer with Mr. C. C. Kingston for Dr. Morrison ; and Mr. De genhardt for Du Barry.. Mr. Mann intimated that he did not propose to offer .any evidence against Hicks, and a verdict of not guilty wa3 enUred {.gainst him. Witnesses were ordered out of Court, an excep tion being made in favour of Mr. Gwynne. Mr. Mann applied that. Detective Dunlevi might re miin in Court, but His Honor did not grant the application. Mr. Mann, in opening the case, having briefly referred- to the conspiracy as between Barker, Hicks, and Forsyth, pointed out how fhe prosecution proposed to connect Dr. Morrison, with tho offence. Hicks would Bay^that the doctor examined Weatherhead at Dorsetta- terrace with the stethescope, and then said he could not live more than eleven months, but as a matter of fact had one foot in the grave. He still refused to be one of the parties to getting the insurance passed, but subsequently agreed, out oX friendship to Hicks, to pass tho man. Hicks would describo the different inter views with him with a view of getting him to make the report, and state that after Dr. Morrison had.been told tbat it did not matter much, as Dr. Horton had passed Weatherhead for the Mutual Provident Society, he 'agreed to pass him for £25, and sat down and filled in the report from the report Dr. Horton bad previously made. In corro boratiohof Hicks, it would be proved that the sig nature to the report was Weatnerhead's, that the doctor's report was in Dr. Morrison's handwriting, and signed by him, and that Dr.' Morrison received a guinea from the Society for making the report. In reference to- the £25 Dr. Morrison was to have for the report, it would beshown that Hicks sent the following- telegram to Barker, 'Doctor will pass Jack ; meet me at Post-Office ;' and that afterwards Barker, Hicks, and Forsyth went to the Bay, and that the cheque was cashed at Bickford's hotel, and that part of the change was a £17 cheque, which now tore Dr. Morrison's endorsement. Dr. Morrison visited Weatherhead ? at . Brighton at least three times after he was. removed there, and besides other evidence statements of the doctor himself ' would be tendered in corrobora tion of this. Mr. Mann pointed out to the Jury that if Dr. Morrison knew Weatherbead had one foot in the grave,1 and afterwards passed him as a first-class life, it did not matter whether he did so out of friendship to Hicks, or for gain to himself, he would - bo equally guilty. The evidence as to DuBarry was of a different description, but he thought they would say it was as conclusive.. Having got the policy it' was necessary to secure a complacent person to whom it could be assigned. From DuBarry's statement in the , Police Court— although the gentleman was reluctant to answer questions — it appeared tbat he was in partnership .with Forsyth, and he admitted that he agreed to allow Forsyth to use his name for the assignment of the policy in the Alliance Company on Weather- ? head's life. He said he had no interest whatever in ?it ; he simply allowed Weatherhead to use his name. Assuming task to be correct, if he allowed his name to be nseo with a yiew of forwarding the common purpose to get money fiom the Insurance Company, he would be liable even If he acted from frieud snip to Forsyth. Barker and Forsyth had opened- a joint account in pursuance of the conspiracy, and it would be shown that DuBarry received £25 from this.jpint-account, and several telegrams would be proved as baying been sent by. him to Barker aiid Forsvth. TUere was this tele-; gram from DuBarry on October 1 to James Barker — 'Will buy Colonist, exchange correspondence, see to transfer at once. Forsyth explained matters to me.' On tbe day before tbat a telegram was sent from William F.orsyth, Orroroo, to James Barker, Gresham Hotel— 'Made right. Barry,, buy Colonist; Form returned, 'exchange correspon dence, attend transfer, exercise care, return about Wednesday.' There were other, telegrams urging him to come to town, arid on February 7, after the death of Weatberbead, the following telegram bbh -.sent .by - JDuBany to Fprsyth;— r' Will be in Orroroo all day. . Has anything fresh turned np.' Tbe assignment alone would not be conclusive: against DuBarry, but all the matters made a chain . oFtiTCumstances wM6h' he might be fairly called on-to explain. '? ,-.-.'? ,.--...' . .. ', Algernon Sidney' daik,,examined by Mr. Symoa said— I. am agent in- Adelaide for' the Australian : AljUance Insurance Company. ' I produce a proposal ;for insurance purporting to be signed by J-avid Weatberbiad, ana twjt- friends' ? reports purporting. to.be signed by James Barker and William Forsyth. Dr. Morrison, was th& medical .referee in this case.. I ' produce ? the i 'personal , statement and medical report. [Tha documents' produced'^ forth that Da,vid Weatherbead , was . a firstfclass ? life.] Dr. . Morrison was paid ope. guinea for his examination. I produce agenfs report signed by William Hicks, arid two friend's reports, . purporting to be signed- by Daniel Jfergusson and J. Landvoght. The policy vas issued lor £5,000, and dated October M, 1881. This letter .was received for Dr. Morrison by me. Tbe fetter was dated February 8, 1881, and in it ' Dr. Morrison said he did riot knew whore Hicks \vas ; but that the latUr was going to study for a doctor, arid tbat when Dr. Morrison knew of his Address he: would forward it to witness, or it might ^perhaps. bei^p|ifrpm the father of Hicks at \- Cross-cxaisined! b]y ^?r. Kingston— I Ao not knovr fiat I am thejirosecufor in the case. I signed the information in the Police Court as the agent of; tbe Company. '-Xhave caused counsel to be retained for the .prosecution j JL knoiv Mr.- Hicks ; have known Jrim; since: be came with tbe proposal. When he came be -was allow ed a'conunisslon/ and *w& got another. . I have formed quite the reverse 0! a high opinioni of bin. ? . ' ? ? ? ? Mr. Kingston— Would yon believe him on his oath? ? -?-,-. Witness— It would depend on. what be said. jlr. .Kingston — Do you recognise him aa the prime mover in what you ate pleased' to' call thia conspiracy? ' : ; . His Honor— The form of tbe question ts Jrregular. Witness— I have no objection to the term. I am not the Jury, and therefore cannot say say who is most guilty. 1 have read, the evidence in the other case, but not in this trial (Laughter.) Mr. Kingston— Do .you riot regard Hicks as the treat author arid originator of this conspiracy ? Witness — 1 regard aim as one 01 uie uumure, uut I do not know whether be or Barker was the actual originator. I divide the'eredit between Barker and Hicks; ? ? ? Mr, Kingston— I think you liave expressed an opinion as to ' running tbe doctors in' by tbe aid of Hicks. ? - Wltness-I do not recollect having dona so. .1 never used such a term. ? : . Mr. Kingston— Is your memory bad, or have you been contaminated by Hicks? . Witness— I think not.. - . : Mr. Kingston— Have you used expressions to the same effect? '? ??? ? Witness— I have expressed a hope probably that; the guilty parties would be brought to justice, even at the expense of letting Hicks go. . ' Mr. Kingston— Yott 'Were advised by counsel that . you could not 'run the doctors in' and HickB also ; were yonnotT \ , ? ? : - ? ? . ? , Witness— I was advised it was doubtful. ? -..1 ... 'fir.. Klnffijton — Were you, not so advised by .Messrs. Mann, Symon,- Owyime, and Moore, arid . s- host of- other learned gentlemen? - : . ?'Wftness— I don't remember tae '.'host of others.' (LaiigbteT). . , \ 1 ' : .:: 6te Ktafst-in-rAnd you did not scruple to take Hicks's evidence. .'?' ? '. ? ?' ' , ' ? Witness— lacteaunaerconnsel'sadTice. ? . . At tbis stage ot the hearing the Court adjourned . . for lunch.1 ' ? ' ' ? ' ' ? ? - : : On Resuming Kzi A; a Clark continued — I was present at. a consultation of the lawyers when it iras arranged tbat Hicks should turn Qd^tftf BvideMeV. We were quite decided as to Hicks-s: inianifetheh, ind, we let Urn- loose.' -Notldaetfas . gala acont wnltewashmg him and letMng him loose .- :onthe pomie.' I looHea tipon Hicks as. an nnre :p^tot «in^riandiani.nnscrupuJi.us:rascaL.. It.. ? u/.tujt csrial. rto fctoinunicate jtne result to tbft;doetot;,:Wb£tb«r.^ft; proposal Is; adpj-t6d,or \- re'ected. 1 The guinea is paid for the 'examination, 'I'teleiB.mfc'eoriv8rsatlori'wlth©r.:Morris6& was ? withjii a day or twbbf thi first daS4 in tbe Police .'Court, t at&efi; important to -the friends report?,, 'ana to the fact that fhe gam. hadb$en insured in .:snotheiamce tn.thepreBent casa.: -There. toa-Casea' ;te ,^hichainan lareinied byone dffice'aad insured |BBBOtber, . - ?';'.'. ?' '.' ..'' ; ? ' . . ; -. ; -. .;.Td Hr, ?perigenbai'dt-fl fen^w nothing. abouti)ri. BarrjP1. V' ~'--:^^ ;:.'-;' -.;:.; j . .VIo.'JIr.'. Symon— I wpuia-cer&taljr;''- riot accept a ?man ion tbe friend's report without -a satisfactory .'medical report.- After toBproposaiafid the friend's j*t-6rte rcame..in'iyEaw. iBicks in our office TdHt; reference^ .to; completing i ffie insurance. H&professed; toiaveaiekgiam, sfldhad something S.lS,hand.' JtmiisVt^Teiieeal,abottJi the I2thol Dcipbei.! He sild te hacf had a' telegTara from the BuAa.irificatfngthat'Utbi lifatfeM hot accepted it migtt go'off, or worte to fllafe efiect J. said, the. ;ffistteta»MilL Melbourne r-wplttog. for decision, and '..ve.ajgx&'^fafljjp getthe acceptance of the pro rpOiaL«idfle»u»waipa^efba^ .fitter go on. The r toe £tej,iify eiOar w»5-t tiyrk/te to Melbounie. '?'? Xo. ll*;iingstbtt— fc'iajlr a! paper in Hicks's hand, tmt- I' .fi^not .se«J .*htt was on it I tmderBtWd-^^at-ttB-^pToposed- insurer did not '**&& HO^feoeeba.'; i ilsoappredatca that my com-. renort that everything wa3 satisfactory. I am no sme tLatldid nut, x ««1 not s-.vear tint lUid not. rhe pi eiaiuni li&i; bean paid. . Hicks w&s; entitled t-) 1 ibmuiissiori suppts'.tg the thing was completed. We were entitled to a commUaion. We had taken sreat trouble in the matter. Ererytbinjr ap [-eared «ttisfactoty with the exception of the ibsence of Weatherhtad, and we were looking for an iiiswet from Melbourne to accept the proposal. I :onve-ed to Hicks lhat the matter was going on, it das near .completion, and if it did not go On we should In: e our commission. I vrtll not swear tbat ne hart all the four friends' reports at this'time An«us Gumming, clerk in the Telegraph Depart ment, Melbourne, Victoria, pioducea twelve tele 5ian:3 from the Mellx.nrne Telesraph Office, which liad Icen reforre-l t j in the previous else. Thomas Irwin, clerk in the Adelaide Telegraph Dei:aitn:eut, prx daced several teli«riu»-i, among thtiu heing the following :—' Septoiniwr '---?— D.. Morrison. Gleneli;. — 'Can you coma next train? Please reply. *as 1- working -with ca»t». Wm. Hicks. September 20.— Win! Ilicis, 51, King William-shift. 'Cannot awe.' B. P. Morrison, nienelc. September 21— William Hicks, M, King William-street, 'shall uoi 1* home at tho tin:e. li. P. Morrison, Glenelg. October 1— laices Barker, Gresham Hotel. 'Will biiyColo nist; exchange correspiuidencc ; see to transfer it once; Korsjih exulained mattera to me. 0\. Du Barry,. Carrieton. October 7— Wtlliam Uicks, care of Dr. Morrison, OleneU :— 'jshall leave here for Oleue)R4.S0 traiu. Wait lor 'iw, Jas. Uarker, Ailtlaide.' November 1. Jas. Barker, lm Lerial Hotel. ' Will come to seo him toniaht. If I do not see you will telegraph.' B. P. 2'onison. GleuelR. JSoveuiber 8. , Jaa. Barker, . Imperil! Hotel:— 'Meet ma at [ho hotel at half -past 2. Most iaiportart. If you cannot come send rorsyth.' B. P. Mowisbnvfilenelg. November 7. . Wm. torsyth. Adelaide. YVUlbeat Onoroo.all .day. Has anything freih turned up? O. DuBairy, dirictin, . Joseph isnxea litninp, Keslilpnt Secretary oi the Australian Mutual I'royideut Society, ijeutiit'd tho iiandwritiiip of Kaiser and Hicks on severaliof tlie docnrcer.u puf. in. iMost of these had reforonce to the trial ccnc-uiiul ou Friday last, an;! hive already been iti:ortwl in these columns.) They incluilel Batter's ' Instructwn.s' to . Hicks in Mel Iwume, telegrams, money . orJers, cheques, orawn by Forsyth anil Barker on their joint account at the Bank of Soutl£Australia, the notice of the assignment of the policy in tha Mutual Provident Society to Forsyth, and Dr. Beutey's certificate of death from 'pulmonary and laryugeal phthisis.' Cross-examined by Mr. Downer— Barker had been known to tbe Society about ten years, and hid acquired tbe confidence of the office. 1 have bid ten years' experience of insurance work. Mr. Downer — Do you know the mortality of con sumptives isAbout 10 per cent during the fust year after insurance. Witness— 1 don't know. ? Mr. Downer— Do you believe that out of 192 cases 18 died in the first year ? Witness— I cannot say. The actuary attends to tbat business. Jlr. Downer— Would you believe that of these 192 no less than So died under the fifth year t Witness— I cannot say. ; His Honor asked Mr. Downer whether it wa.- \vorth whilo pursuing such questions whea Mr. Her ring did not know anything about this phase of in surance. . . . Mr. Downer— Very well, your Honor. FTo wit ness]— Are you one of tho prosecutors in tbU case 1 Witness — No. ? ? -. , Mi. Downer— Are tbe Mutual and Alliance Com panies not acting in concert? '; Witness- No. ' ' . ' . ; Mr. Downer— Were not you and Mr.Clark at the preliminary meeting with the counsel now engAged for the prosecution / ,'.'?'- Witness— Yes. ? ' : Mr. Downer— And was not Hicks to .be. asked to tum Queen's evidence, because of the difficulty in ' fixing tbe doctors.' Witness— There was a technical difficulty, and because .of that Hicks was to be asked to give evidence. Mr. Downer— Would you believe him on hia oath ? Mr. Symon objected. There should be a founda tion as to the witness's knowledge of his veracity or otheiwise. His Honor said in all other' casos the general repu tation would be taken, but this was tho one excep tion in which the witness's opinion went to the Jury. Witness— From my knowledge of facts I believe all he has said in this case. Mr. Downer— Would you believe him on his oath 1 Witness— That depends. (Laughter). : Samuel Summers, Superintendent of the Money Order Office, Adelaide, produced several applica tions for money orders by Barker and Forsyth. Walter Bai'ey, ledger- lceeperat the Bank of South Austre'ia, pave evidence of the opening of a joint account at the Bank by Barker & Forsyth. on No vember 29, by the paj ment in of £400. On .January 30 £100 was paid in by Barker to the account, which was operated on by cheques, and closed on March 20. To Mr. DegenhardWI don't think the two tele grams produced, one of which was sijned by Forsyth and the; other by DuBarry, are in the same hand writing. Mr. JIann— I may say at once I believe they are both written by Forsyth. I am glad to make the explanation, because my attention had not been dram n to the similarity of, tho writing when I opened the case. Joseph Cpnigrave, clerk of the General Post Office, said— I saw the notice of assignment pro duced, signed by David Weatherhead, at Mrs. Blair's on October 7. I went to Mrs. Blair's with Mr. Barker. Ho saw Weatherbead aa well. I attested to the signature of Weatherhead to the assig.iment of the policy on the same uay. That was the only occasion onlwhich I saw Weatherheadi To Mr, Downer- He wrote his name freely as far as I remember. .. Adam Adamson, accountant, identified the signa tures to several cheques as those of Forsyth, among them being one dated September 23 forthepayment of £1 is. He identified the endorsement to a cheque for £25 as. that of Du Barrj s, and further telegrams (one purporting to be signed by Mr. Phillips, and the other by D. Weatherhead) as having been written by 'Forsyth. He also identified Du Barry's signature to the telegram beginning, 'Will 00 Orroroo all day,' but said the telegram referred to by Mr. Mann, and purporting to be signed by Du Barry, was really In lorsyth's handwriting. H. Measday,' bootmaker, at Glenelg, said— I am secretary of two Oddfellows' Lodges, of which Dr. Morrison is the doctor. The signature to tho medical report,' the body of the report produced, the signature to the receipt for the medical fee, and the endorsement on the £17 cheque, drawn by S. andJ. P. Bickford, are in Dr. Morrison's hand writing, also the. telegrams produced. . To 'Mr. Kingston1— I have known Dr. Morrison since he has .been in the colony, and during that thus his reputation has beeri undoubted. C M. Muirhead, solicitor, said— By the instruc tions of.W. Fbrsyth'I forwarded the Eegistrar'a certificate of death and the declarations of identity 66 the Australian Mutual Provident Society. I pre pared theassignment of. policy, and forwarded the notice at' Forajtli's instructions. I was first In. ? sfructed on September 19 to prepare the assignment of a life policy. tb6 name to be left blank, ,but after wards atan interview with Barker the name of Weatherhead arid the sum of £,8000 wree filled in, and Barker returned next morning with the document, duly signed by D. . WeaUierhead, arid attested by Joseph Conisrave. ' ?' ? The Court at this stage adjourned till next morn ing at 10 o'clock. : ?' 