LILLIAN'S LOYEE. 1 Must I really go, sweetheart ?' ♦Yes/ replied Lillian 3IlGaire. placiog her shapely white hand in his, and looking into his {ace with a tender earnestness that showed the trne womanliness of her nature; * it is better, far better for both of tie that we should part for ever/ and as she ppoke the hot tears of pain welled up into her beautiful brown eyes, arid with a little sob of pain Lillian's head was bowed upon George W. Simpson's, shoulder In5 an ecstasy of grief. * Couldn't you pat a ten year limit on your bill, darlingV asked the young man, bending gently over the little head that was pillowed so trustingly just under his left ear; * I certainly ought to have as good a chanco as a China* man/ \- A convulsive shake of the little head was the only response. But George was not to be denied so easily. * Can not I bave one hope?' he 6aid,' one little nickel-plated ten- cent hops ?' Lillian lifted her head, and looked at him steadily. 4 Perhaps/ she said, in cold, Siberian tones,4 yon would drop if a house fell on you, but I begin to doubt it. Know, then, since you will have it, that under no circumstances can I ever accept your proferred love, for I am a packers daughter, and packers' daughters come high'*—this with a haughty expression that small type cao not convey. George W. Simpson saw at once that this proud beauty had been making a plaything of his love. The revelation was a terrible one, but he bore it bravely. •Very well/ he said, in husky, haven't-had a*drink-in*two-hours tones. * You have stamped with the iron heel of scorn upon the tender violet of my budding love, but some day, when your children are climbing upon your knee, you will perhaps remember, with a. tinge of sadaess in the recollection, how yea toyed with the love of a loyal, trusting, Cook County heart, and threw forever over a young and happy life the black pall of a disappointed hope and crushed ambition. X have seen the rose* of my love wither and waste awuy until they lie ehnvelled and blightvd by the dusty coad.Mtdo of Life, aud you caa bet that X feel pretty tough about it. I have seen my beau tiful and stately ship of hope, with its tall, shapely masts, and towering wings of snowy canvas, that sailed away so buoyantly and bravely over the shimmering eoa cot many months ago, come back to me a shapeless wreck —tho tapering spars that were so white and olean now jagged and broken, and to them olinging the dark seaweeds, while of tho sails that rivalled the clouds in ileecy purity there remain only blackened shreds that flip dis mally in the moaning wind, whose voice seems to sound the reqniem and dirge of my dead and buried love I have got the boss wreck, and don't you forget it/ Lillian looked at him steadily.for a moment. 'Do yon mean these words you havo spoken, George?* she nsked. ' Xou can hot your life I do/ he answered, in low, passionate tones! ' And do you really love me dearly ?* ' Well, 1 should gagp/ was the reply, a pearly tear glistening in George** off eyo. .. * Then/ said Lillian, twining her arms nbont his neck,' I am yours. Papa would never for give me if I let a man who can. talk like that go out of the family. - —From * His Bony | Bride/ by. the Chicago Tribune Novelist. Bee-causb: The pain which follows the sting. A clock that is out oi repair is a miss-tick affair. Bb is an inhospitable man who refuses to entertain an opinion. Motto bob Haklaj?.—' Ho was the nobleBt Bowman of them ull.' "Whbn' a couple make up their minds to get married it may bo called a tie vote. ' Aunoa to those who contemplate' writing spring poetry. Stay your hand. Whk2T& billposter is hunting for dead walls he is directed to the cemetery" fenced Whbk the landlord presents a hill for extras he claims that it is not only fare, but above board. A weekly list of' business embarrassments might with propriety be called * Review of the. Weak/ '• ' ! ' Thb best description that wo ever heard of a slow man was that.he was too slow to'getout of his own way. .. "" Late stayer to ennnied yonbg lady: * Is that tho door boll?* 'No, I think it's the milkman/ Tableau. Host great singers are accused ,of taking some slight stimulant, but few. know how much it takes to prima donna. , < ' Almost every popular actor at some time in his past life has been afflicted with fits—beg pardon, we mean bene-fita. -■ Gbobge Washington never told a lie; bnt it must be remembered that he entered politics when the country was very new. i . Tubk and turnabout: * No, I shall leave my wife nothing,' said old Gribbs; 1 she's alwayt had her will, now I'll have mine/* Mauk Twaik says of the babies: ' In some cradle lies the future historian, and he will con-: tinue to He to the end of his days/ Zbllsb, the composer and friend of Goethe, nsed to say at table: * ABlong as Ihave water, I'decline beer and drink wine.' "" It was wrong in Peg, the shoemaker, to say to the'doctor who complained that ho had rnadd a poor job of that last pair of boots,• Physician, heel thyself/ 1 It's rather .remarkable that while several thousand feet are required to make one rood, a single foot, properly applied, is often sufficient to make one civil. ' Is the General on tho retired list 1* they asked of his wife the other evening. '. ' Retired! No, indeed!* she. repliedhe's down to the club playing poker.' A wOlt may not be able to sharpen a pencil or throw a stone at d hen, but she can pack more articles into a trunk than a man can lit a one-borso woggon. ScjlKDAI., when it has troth in it, is like a grease spot on a new oloth; bi t when thtre is no truth in it, it is like a splash of mud whioh will come off easily when,dry. .Ookukdrux : Why is a kiss, like rumour? Because it flies from mouth to mouth.. ' Why is it like a sermon f .Becaoee it requires two heads and an application. 1 I declaub, mother/ said a pretty little airl in a pretty little way, "tie too bad! You always send me to bod when I am not sleepy; and yon always make me get up when I am sleepy/ - At a meeting of the Clerks Mutual Assistance Society in Paris, the president thus concluded his epeeth, 'Let those who wish to put their best leg foremost on the matter bold up their hands/ A list who had been travelling in Italy was asked by a friend how she liked Venice. 4 Oh! very much indeed,' was the reply. ' I was un fortunate enough, however, to arrive there just at the time of a heavy flood, and we had to go about the streets iq boats/ . " Lixanutr: Wanted, a story of a burglar or ghosts in which the night is not very dark without, and the wind does not blow in fitful gusts, and the old oak in front of the house does not groau dismally. On receipt of such we agree to return the manuscript. Judos (to prosecutor): ' Then you recogoisu this handkerchief as the one that was stolen fr- m you ?' Prosecutor: * Yep, your honour/ Judge: 'And yet it isn't the only handkerchief of the sort in the world.. 8ee, this one I have in my pocket is precisely like it/. Prosecutor: ' Very likely, your honour; I had two atolou/ Nbw TfiurHa.—It is a fact that people uover go to bed now-a-daya, they retire. Wcmen are never married, they are led to the hymeneal altar. There is no euoh thing as hanging, for people are launched into eternity. No one ever goes to church, but ho attends divino service/ We. have no masters, they are all principals'; no shopmen, they are all assistants; no shops, they are all establishments, Mr. Ragbag was only 23 when hie eldest son was bora. \Vo remtmbor the day well. We congratulated him. .Hat ho didn't seem vor}* jolly. Not bub what it was a fine boy, and ilngb&g; was wealthy, co a family was no burden to him. Hut be said, 1 Good Xiord, old friend, just think of it! Here at tbo age of 23 I've got to begin setting a good example!' Ik one of the corridors of the alleged palace of Justice, an old advocate sees a young and alleged loarned brothor at a distance walking alono, gesticulating nervously and talkiug to himself. 1 That man must be. as crazy as « loon—a lunatic, I should say/ he remarked to a companion. ' Why so!' ' Can't you under stand ? Sir, a lawyer who talks to himself is as i bad as a confectioner that eata his own oandy.* A WssrsRK paper, suggesting fancy texts and subjects for seasatiouat preachers, throws out tho hiat that it would bo a nice thing for some sensationalist to announce for the morning sermon,.1 Joseph's Coat Not Monoohromalio," uud for tbo evening, 1 The Wisdom of Moses in Taking tho Serpent by the Tail.'. This is not much worse than the announcement of a sensa tional oruuk in New York who recently adver tised that ho would preach on 1 How weKuow the Unknowable is Unknowable.' At Grand Island, tho othor day, a passenger found three flies in his tea at the eating houso. He called tho waiter to hioi and said; " You are in error about me. You evidently think I am travelling in a special car and putting on i great deal of dig. I'm riding eecond-oUue, without baggage, and urn only entitled to one fly. Give this cup to that big fat inau at tho corner table. He is a di roc tor of tho road, and is entitled to three flbis in his tea and a dead cockroach! between his panoakes. I cannot travel souond-class and usurp the rights of first olass'p&saeugers.; Please pass the entomological mustard before you go, and set the adamantine prunes where I can reach them. I may want to throw one at the head waiter occasionally to attract his attention." Johk J. Obittehden used to tell this anecdote to illustrate the fidelity of his people to the 1 wine of the country'A loading politician of the Stato of Kentuoky, stopping for the night at the honse of a countryman in one of the south eastern counties, found the entertain ment he got the more satisfactory because of a barrel of respectable whisky having been just brought in. Returning a month after from an electioneering tour, and disappointed in hot being able to get even a drink, ho reminded the host, with some impatienoo; that only a month ago ho had a fall barrel in his pantry. The look that preceded the answer to this re minder was composed of surprise and resent ment; * Iookee here, my friend, do you 'epect one bar11 o' whisky to last always, and 'specially .whan a man's got.a wifo and six children, and tho cow's gone dry and they've got no milk ?' • Never I' answered the candidate; 1 certainly not. I didn't understand tho situation or I'd never have asked so foolish a question. This molasses and ' water is—well, it's simply splendid.' • 