COLONIAL TELEGRAMS. _ ? ♦ VICTORIA. {From our own Correspondent! Melbourne, June 29. Some good betting has taken place on the -events to be run at the VX.T.C. meeting on Saturday. The latest quotations are— Ladies' Trophy, 100 to 16 against Ghost, 100 to 7 against Kin jf s Head, 100 to 6 Gonzago, Trans ferred, Larpent, Squireen, 100 to 5 Beads man, King Charles, Liberator, WilW-Wisp, SDd Verdure. Maiden Hurdles — 6 to 1 against Mulatto, 7 to 1 Sportsman, 8 to 1 Belladrum, and 10 to 1 Crystal. Frederick Darbysmre, the well- known theatrical agent, was charged at the Fitzroy Police Court with stealing a theatrical ward lobe, value £40. The whole case arose out of a squabble between the accused and others, who were partners, and the Juvenile Pinafore Company. The bench dismissed the case. The Rev. Mr. O'C&llaghan;, a Roman Catholic clergyman, sued John Brandell, butcher,- of Collingwood, to recover £49 damages for injuries sustained by being knocked down by a cow which was being driven by the defendant's servants. The j ury found for the defendant. The Supreme Court to-day confirmed the conviction of Joseph Langley and George Ryder, who 'were sentenced to terms of im prisonment for conspiring to ^defraud by representing themselves sis qualified medical practitioners. The prisoners' counsel raised the point that there was no conspiracy to de fraud, because Ryder was simply Lang-ley's servant. An application has been made by tie laborers employed on the Victorian railways, who receive 6s. daily or less, to the Minister ofBailwaye for an increase of wages on the ground of the present high price of provi sions. Mr. Bent promised to consult the Cabinet as to the advisability of increasing the pay an extra sixpence per diem for the next three months. W. Anderson, bootmaker, of Swanston street, whose premises adjoin those of Nimbs, the fruiterer, which were quarantined daring the late smallpox outbreak, has seat in a claim to the Government for £60 compensa tion for loss to business during the stomping out of the disease. . Mr. McFarland will be sworn in as County Court judge, in voom of the late Judge Billing, without delay. The appointment has given satisfaction in legal circles. Arguments were continued before the Poll Court to-day and concluded in respect to the rule nisi to enter a verdict for the plaintiffs in the case of the Union Steamship Company of New Zealand against the Melbourne Harbor Trust. The court reserved its judg ment. The first annual meeting of the Pipeclay Club was held to-night, when a large number of members attended. The report, which, was adopted, showed a very satisfactory state of affairs. The election of office-bearers for the ensuing year resulted as follows :— Presi- dent, Major Templeton; vice- presid«nts, Majors Caleb Anderson and Sleep. An im promptu meeting of volunteer officers was afterwards held, when the question of the reorganisation of the volunteer force was dealt -with, and a number of resolutions dealing with, the subject were passed. When tlie Assembly met, Mi-. A. T. Clark, en a motion for adjournment, accused the Attorney-General of interfering with the course of justice in connection with the case of a man named Driscoll, who was |pro ceeded against in the Police Court for maliciously libelling an engine-driver oh the Victorian railways, called Wright. The bench, presided over by the police magistrate, had committed Driscoll for trial, and allowed Mm out on bail only on heavy sureties. No further steps had how ever been taken to proceed with the prosecu tion, owing to influence being brought to bear on the Government to shield this man, who ?was a Catholic. 'Sir B. O'LogMen replied that this was the first time he Bad heard of the matter, and asked Mr. Clark to give notice of a question for Tuesday. Sir. Ck\rk refused to do so, and demanded that the papers in connection with the case should be laid oa the table. Sir B. O'LogMen. refused to be bullied into anything, ana a wordy warfare ensued, in which the Speaker was forced to interfere more than once. Mr. Dow, in whose district the affair had occurred, ex plained the circumstances of the case and stated that the Attorney-General had nothing to do with the matter. The sub ject then dropped by the motion for ad journment being negatived. Mr. Bosisto asked the Minister of Hallways whether the chief medical officer had. reported to him on the subject of color blindness in railway signalmen, and whether he would adopt the test of sight as recommended by the late international medical congress for all men .connected with railway signal ling. Mr. Bent stated that he had received a report which was under the consideration of the -Government. He added that he had caused the employes of the Hobson's Bay railway to undergo an examination some time ago, and the vision of some was found to be defective, and they had accordingly been re moved to other positions that would not necessitate visual accuracy. The examiaatioaof all railway employes would cost a considerable sum ; but as one accident caused by color blindness might cost more than the examina tion made several times over the Government wonld have it done. The Estimates were further considered in committee of ways and means in a very thin house, when tlie debate on the tobacco duties was resumed. Several counts out occurred, and. eventually progress was reported, and the house ad journed without coming to any decision. Melbourne, June 30. The agent of the P. & O. Company at Suez has telegraphed to the agents in Melbourne that they need be under no anxiety about the canal navigation. A board of enquiry into the loss of the schooner Glengarry on Ninety-Mile Beach was held to-day, and entirely exonerates the master and crew of the vessel from all blame in the disaster. Mr. W. Eea, the well-known temperance advocate, has commenced a libel action against Mr. A. T. Clark, M.L.A., pro. prietor of the Wffliamstown and Footseray Advertiser for the publication of a letter in that paper reflecting upon Mm. A laborer named Skerret on the Hawthorn railway line was knocked down by an engine at the Hawthorn station this morning. He fell between the rails, and the engine passed over him without the wheels toucMng him. He was bruised and shaken, but otherwise was not injured. The defence works at the Heads are being rapidly pushed forward. The Government steamer Despatch is at present engaged in taking down the big guus to be mounted at the batteries. A fatal accident occurred at CMltern to day. A miner named Robt. Buchan, engaged in blocking the face of the Chiltern Valley Company's claim, was buried in a fall of earth. When taken oat life was extinct. By the last sale of smuggled Chinese goods the Customs department realised £3,090. 