ITEMS OF NEWS. AN entertainment of a two-fold, character was held at North Wagga on last Friday evening, which proved to be a great success iu every way. The first part, which con sisted of an exhibition of dissolving views, was held in the Public school, as the enter tainment was given in aid of the prize fund. The room, notwithstanding the short notice given, was literally packed with au apprecia tive audience. Mr. Chandler aud family provided the entertainment. Instead of the dry lecturing (as is customary with these entertainments), the vitws were accompanied by appropriate songs and pieces, rendered by Mr. Chandler's family, who were deservedl}' applauded. Too much praise cannot be given to Mr. Chandler for the perfect way in which he has his children trained ; the play ing and singing of Masters and Miss Chandler being quite a treat to hear, and we recom mend the public to avail themselves of the first opportunity of so doiog. The second part took place (after the school children had taken their departure) in another building, and consisted of dancing, which lasted till near midnight, when the company departed for home, one and all expressing themselves as having thoroughly enjoyed the evening. WE are glad to notice that Mr. Broadhurst is recruiting the rauks of his choir from the young members of St. John's Church. This is a step in the right direction, for there is not the slightest doubt there are some ex cellent voices among the children of this town, which only require cultivating. If Mr. Broadhurst will take this trouble he «an double his choir in a very short time, by selecting others who possess the requisite .treogth of voice, which training will so improve as to make the possessor a prominent , position in musical circles. A. cmSAXAK residing in Fitzmaurice* street, and who baa been suffering for some time past from an organic disease, was ordered yesterday to be removed to the hospital. Upon arrival at the gate, the admission order was ten Jered to the superin tendent, who examined the patient, and found that he was already dead. The carter wanted to leave the man at the hospital, but this was refused; he was, therefore, taken back to the place from whence lie came. As he has been under medical treatment for some time, a certificate as to cause of death was given by his medical attendant, so that an iuquest was not required. SOME three weeks ago a man named M'Crimmon was summoned to answer for an assault upon one William Langford. The defendant did not obey the summons, but took his departure to Hiliston, where he went under the nom dc pl-umc of Percy Satchell. The arms of the law, however, were of sufficient length to reach him there, and M'Crimmon was arrested and remanded to Wagga Wagga. He was ten days in cus tody altogether, from the time of his arrest till he was brought before the local Police Court yesterday, -when lie pleaded guilty to the charge, and was fined £2. He was advised to go and sin no more. He can now go back to Hillstou without the necessity of adopting an alias, and without seeing the ghost of a constable in every bush he passes. This evening the complimentary concert will be given to Mr. Broauhurst, in the Free mason's Hall. It is almost unnecessary for us to state that the^ gentleman referred to has done great service in the interests of the district. To him the townspeople owe a debt of thanks, and their appreciation of his wortli can now be shown by the Hall being well filled. Of the programme itself little need be said. The eminent Baritone from Sydney, with his exceedingly clever daughter, and Mrs. Joseph, and several other well known local amateurs, have proffered their assistance. Nor must we forget the local Crow Club, who have gone to consider able troubleto lend theiraid to the movement. We shall be exceedingly pleased if we have to report the result as we desire to do. THE Commercial Football Club of Wagga Wagga, played a match yesterday afternoon with a team selected at Sandy Creek, which resulted in an easy victory for the local men. The Commercials securetl-one goal and ten behinds against two behinds of the Sandy Creek team. It was easy to know who were the victors by the shouts of triumph which were heard in the streets upon the return of the local team last night. Mr. J. Hely drove the players out, and they gave him three cheers when they returned. On Saturday last (says the Yass Courier), a man, 63 years of age, named Matthew Stephenson, fell from his horse on the Main Southern Road, the other side of Mr. M'Kay's Inn at North Yass. Although stunned from the fall, it was thought at first he was not seriously hurt. He was or had been following sheep belonging to Cooper Brothers, of Lake George. On Satur- day evening it was found he was suffering from concussion of the brain, and he was removed on Sunday to the Yass Hospital. [Stephen- sou, who has since died from the effects of the fall, was well known in this town.] WE (Echo) learn that a meeting of the Opposition will be held in one of the rooms of Parliament House at 3 o'clock this after noon (Tuesday, August 24.) This will be the formal meeting of all the members who are believed to be antagonistic to the Parkes-Robertson G overnment. Ycsterday a more limited meeting was held, when, as we understand, the programme to be sub mitted to the meeting this afternoon was determined. The principal business to be dono is the election of a leader for the pre sent session, and it is believed that the choice will fall upon Mr. Alexander Stuart. It is thought that, though Mr. Stuart's pri vate business severely taxes his time and energy, lie will, in view of the necessity of organising an effective Opposition, accept the leadership, should it bo pressed upon him. Enthusiastic members of the Opposition ex pect that when the session is fairly begun, and honorable members have got off the "rail" and settled into their respective "paddocks, the Treasury benches will be confronted by a body of 30 or 40 critics. IT will bo recollected by moat of our readers in this district that about eighteen mouths ago the erand blood stallion Bylong was stolen from Messrs. T. and J. Egan, of Junec Reefs. Nothing had been heard of the horse since, until within the past few weeks j but it is now |)roved beyond doubt that his remains have been found about eight miles from where he was stolen. The credit of this discovery is due to Constable King, of Junee Juuctioo, and the following brief facts will oxplain all:-Constable ICing had been very energetio in hunting up infor mation connected with the loss of the horse, and heard something which induced him to make a search throagh tho bush in Scbasto pol paddocks. A young mau uatfted Carro^ >vho lately selected there, was met by Con* stable Kiag, and in course of conversation he told the constable that the other day he was bunting a kangaroo, and when entering a thick scrub his horse shyed at something which afterwards turned out to be the re mains of a dead horse. Constable King, cou .wlering this important information, £ot Carrol to accompany him to the Bpot ; but when they readied there it was found that the remains which Carroll's horse hud shy'd at only a few days previously had been burnt, and that only the ashes remained. A few days after this Constable King again went in search, this time being accompanied by Mr. X. Kgan. They came upon the place where the remains had bccu burnt; and in the thick scrub close by they found a piece of By long's roller and the roller-pad, which Mr. Kgan identified : also a piece of the rag, a pair of hobbles, and a saddlecloth. There was also found close by a shear blade. This was keenly sharpened on each side, and was covered with blood stains. It may also be remembered that Eyloug, a day or two before he was stolen, had been newly shod all round, Mr. Egan raked among the ashes for the hoofs, but they could not be found. There is now no doubt whatever as to what became of this fine horse. He was led away into the thick bush, hobbled,( blindfolded with a saddle-cloth, and then his throat was cut with a shear blade. This, however, is the natural and reasonable inference; and Constable King and Mr. Egan have even further evidence than that related here. THE searchiog inquiry made into rccent selections has unearthed six more cases of dummying. Two of these are at Vocketaroo, or South Orcel run, near Walgett; three on the Col run, betweeu Dubbo and Bourke; and one on the Iliver Murray. The selec tions in question, and tbo money paid upon them, which amounts to nearly a thousand pounds, have been forfeited. The officers in the Lands Department, under the direction of Sir John Robertson, are said to be busily engaged in unearthing similar cases, with a view to the punishment of the delinquents. IT is the fashon nowadays (writes a Paris ian correspondent of a London paper) for members of the histrionic profession to cumulate. Witness Sarah .Bernhardt, uni versal genius, aeronaut, and fencer; witness Blanche Pierson, actress, paintress, and sculptress; witnessCoquelin theelder, would be statesman and author of several volumtis ; witness Coquelin the younger, lecturer and author like his brother, only the youuger Coquelin is a droll man. His ambition is to dilate the spleen of his contemporaries, and so he contributes jokes to the TinlamarrCy in whose columns lie signs "Pirouette." A selection of these jokes has just appeared in a handsome quarto volume, with illustrations by Henri Pille. The title, amply justified by the contents, is "Fariboles." One of tbese " pariboles" relates that during a visit to Brighton, Sarah Bernhardt lay down on the beach dressed in white. She was brusquely awakened from her reveries by a washerwoman, who picked her up, having mistaken ber for a bath-towl laid out to dry ! One of the committeemen, after subscribing his own two guineas to the Kendall fund, doubtless thought a tribute of admiration from an aboriginal would show to the world how highly appreciated the works of the late poet were, even by the original owners of the country. A splendid opportunity for effect presented itself in the appearance of a native black fellow among the audience, and to him the admirer of Mr. Kendall hied himself, aud, slipping a crown into his hand, intimated how desirable it would be for him in particu lar, aud how well it would look for the aboriginal race in general, if he were to step up to tho platform and contribute an indigenous mite in the presence of a large and fashionable gathering who had their eyes upon him. The black opened his eyes wide as he felt the crown, and grinned beatifically as he thought of the number of glasses of rum the coin represented. Then he began to shuffle out towards the door with the evident intention of disposing of at least a portion of it in a refreshing drink. At this the giver became agitated, and he and two or three others did their best to impress on him the graceful necessity of his handing over, without delay, the five bob to the treasurer. But it was no use. "Bal, bal " laughed out the semi-savage, as be more than ever tightly clutched the coin in his pocket. However, friends of both parties came to the rescue. A compromsie was effected by the payment of an additional shilling to the aboriginal for himself, and then, having secured this safely about his person, he marched proudly on to the plat- form and triumphantly deposited the crown piece on the treasurer's table, saying in a fittingly majestic tone, "This from black fellow," an action which was received with much applause. The whole scene was highly amusing. A STOREJIA2C named Conrad De Bcllo, in tho service of Mr. H. Scarr, produce mer chant, was committed for trial on Monday morning, at tbo Albury Police Uourt, on a charge o£ embezzling tho money of his employer. CATTAIN Adams, who owns a small station near Seymour, Victoria, narrowly escaped being poisoned on Monday evening. It appears he took & large dose of ^\hat lie thought was fruit salt, but not liking the taste mentioned the matter to Mrs. Adams, who found that he bad taken arsenic, which had been foolishly left in his bsdroom. He immediately rode into Seymour and was successfully treated by Dr. Hay, and is now out of danger, though still poorly from the shock to his nervous system. Richard Crockford, a wine and spirit mer chant, carrying on business in Grahum-stroct, Sandridge, was proceeded against at the local court on Monday for selling a bottle of brandy not bcarinc a proper label. Inspector Koche stated that he called at the defendant's shop on tho 1th inBt. olid found a number of bottles of brandy on the shelves. They were not labelled, and on purchasing one he found it to be an inferior spirit. The defendant admitted the offence, but pleaded lhat having been busy with bottling on the previous day ho had no timo to affix the proper labels. Tbo bench imposed a fine of £10. Au accident happened on Monday in Main street, Stawel), by which a boy named Oscar John Bayliss, about H years of age, was killed. Tho boy, disregarding a caution from tho owner, mounted a pony in front of his father's hute! in Patrick-street, and had scarcely got into tho saddlo when tho pony ' bolted, and in turning sharply round into Main-street the boy was unseated. Ho clung to tho pony's mano and the pony dashed across the stroet and brought tho boy's head into violent contact with a verandah post. When picked up ho was quite unconscious and died in about a quarter of an hour. THE advantages of the. continuous brake system received an illustration a few days ago, : says tho Age, when tbe life of a littlo boy was j imperilled. Tho driver of tho eleven a.m. up train from Williamstown when betwean Salt water-bridge and No. 1 cutting noticed at a distance of about 100 yords a boy lying on tho road between the up and down rails, and dangerously close to the lino on which tho train was travelling. The train was then running at a speed of about 20 miles an hour, and tho driver at once applying tho continuous brake suececded in pulling it up before reaching tho apparently sleeping boy. Tho matter was re ported in the usuol ivay to tho locomotive superintendent, who asked for information as to what assistance tho Woods continuous train brake had been in-pulling up, and the driver reported that ho would not have been ablo to stop the train before coining to where tho boy was lying with the ordinary brake. How tho boy came to choose such a Bpot for a resting placo does not 6cem to bo known, but he appears to have strayod ou to tho lino, and when oroused to have sought a place of safety. HERB (says the Pall Mall Qasette) js the storv of an eviction told at an inquest in tho King's County on tbo child of an evicted labourer, which died of exposure. Tho labourer was evicted by his employer, a large farmer, under whom ho held a cottage at 5d. a week, on tbo 18th of April. At the timo liis nine children wero suffering from measles. After tho eviction they had to huddle into a barn, which had no window and but a bad door, whilo a halo in tho wall served as chimney. After some weeks tho Ladies' Land League sent down timber for si hut, tut tho men who brought it wero imprisoned for six weeks. " I was evicted," said the man, 11 by tho magistrates at Hhode, and tbo day I got tho seven days' notico to quit I told them my children wero in uicaslcs." Tho nophew of his omploycr, who was in court at tho timo, was prosiding. The eviction was effected by tbroo or four Scotchmen, with tho liolp of several policomcn. Those facts wero deposed to beforo tho coroner, who remarked, " Tilings I aro occurring which aro driving tho pcoplo I iulo ouch a state as to Itavo life iuaeoure." ? MR. John Davies* letter, signifying his resignation of tlio appointmeut as a member of the Licensing Bench, is as follows : "Sydney, August 17» 1SS2. Sir,-I beg to resign ray office as ono of the Liceusiag Magistrates for the metropolitan district. When I accepted this office, I did so under the impression that it would place me in a position to be useful to my fellow- citizens, and I certainly did not anticipate that my well-known principles, as an earnest advocate of the claims of teraperauce, would be urged against mo as a disqualification for theollice. I must confess that, if I followed the dic tates of my own judgment, I would continue to hold the office, as a standing protest (on behalf of a very largo body of worthy men) against the narrow spirit which would exclude "a total abstainer," as such, from the performance of public duties, for which, by the sp'rifc of our Constitution, any re putable citizen should be eligible. But, yielding to the advice of friends, aud sedug that an adverse feeling on the part of a por tion ef the public has been industriously excited against me, which might possibly tend to impair my usefulness on the Licen sing .Bench, I have decidcd to withdraw therefrom, and so terminate the difficulty so far as I am personally concerned. I have the honour to remain, your obedient servant, JOHN Davies. Hon. W. J. Foster, Minister for Justice.*' THE Walfjcll Mail states lliat human re mains were discovered eight miles from the Narrcn Lake by Richard I)e Gill, a wild horse hunter. The bones must have been there three or four yoars, as they were bare and bleached, but borono traces of violence. The remains, which were lying 011 the open plain, were those of a man about six feet high, with prominent cheek bones, heavy jaws, and a slightly receding forehead. A pint pot was found near the remains, with the letters II. B. cut on the bottom, and the letter L. on the side ; also a pair of nailed blucher boots, ono leather legging which had been fastened on with straps, a small tin of matches, a piece of common colonial tweed (no doubt part of the trousers), some buttons, and two half- crowns. There was nothing whereby to identify tho deceased. The remains were buried where they were found. There is no doubt that the unfortunate follow was trying to make the Lake, and succumbed to the agony of thirst before he could accomplish his object. ON Monday evening, August 14 (says .the S. A. RcrjUtcr), on event of unusual family interest took place in Adelaide, the ooeasion being the celebration of the fiftieth anniver sary of the marriage of Mr. and Mrs.'Joseph. Perry, two old colonists. Their health was proposed and drunk with ^enthusiasm,-; the. chairman (Mr. J. N. Perry) mentioning that by the family record the old-'couple,'were; married at St. George's Church, Stonehouse, Devonshire, on the 14th August, 1832. In the early port of 1839, with their two sons, they sailed from Plymouth for South Aus tralia, and with many others landed at Hold* fast Bay, boing among the early pioneers of the colony. They had by their industry, and perseverance worked their way up, and many years ago retired from business. Mr, Ferry is 77 years of age, and Mrs. Perry is 75. Out of a family, of ]1, three eons and two daughters are living, and nil married. There are at present 17 grandchildren, several of wbom were present-. In the Queensland Assembly on the I7th of August Mr. Griffiths moved a series of resolu^ lions in favour of the payments of members an allowance of expenses out of the Consoli dated Revenue. In the course of ' his remarks (as reported in the Brisbane Courier') the Premier, Mr. M'llwraith, said : " Ho did not consider the affirmation of the principle of payment of members in former Parliaments was any reason why it should be entered upon now. He admitted that bo was not ashamed to say ho had changed his mind. The experience of the Victorian Parliament plainly showed that the members were unduly influenced by the system of payment. The argument that 'the labourer is worthy of his hire* did not hold good with respect to the question. The result of the work of a mem ber of the Assembly was different from thatof any other men. Men aspired to the pos'ition of a member of Parliament on account of. the honour attached to it, and ho .was of opinion that I here were plenty of men who bad both the leisure and the means to give their ser vices to the Legislature" Tho motion was de feated by a majority of seven. THE Agent-General for New Zealand (Sip Dillon Bell), in a letter to the Premier, of I lint colony has given (he annual cost of the various colonial offices in London. The New Zealand oflice is tbe least expensive of tho six given; including, besides that colony, Canada, New South Wales, Victoria, South Australia, and Queensland. The salaries paid to the different representatives range from that of the High Commissioner of Canada, Sir Alexander Gait, who receives £2800 in salary and allowances, down to that of the New Zealand Agent* General, with £1250. The total cost of the New Zealand office is less by noarly £1000 than the South Australian, which is the most economically managed of the others given as examples. As to the payment of the regular stuff outside, the Agent-General, Queensland, heads the list, paying no less than £2533 to its secretaries and other oilicers. These aro a secretary, cashier and accountant, twai clerks, a despatching officer for ships, a foreign cor respondent (who attends to the largo German correspondence transacted in the office), two emigration clerks, and n messenger. The other colonics manago their office work on a much less extensive scale, Victoria paying £1825, New Zealand £1465, Canada £1318,: New South Wales £1130, and South Austra lia £1150. MR. John Davics (says tbo Echo) has, ex : plained his resignation iu a most graceful ; and eloquent and mauly and Christian and I constitutional letter, which ought to go a I long way towards shifting him from his | position of impalement to the old tbrorio. of universal esteem. But here is another letter, which, did it refer to the same sub ject, would go to show that the resignation was brought about by very different causes indeed. It was found, this letterand it must for ever remain a matter of supposition by whom it was written and to whom it was addressed. It has no proper beginning, being only a fragment. The first word is " humbug," and thence on in this fashion : " And all the rest is humbug, too. He lias eaten more dinners than we . ever had luck to ; but they have not improved his temper. I told liim that the Orange force, aud the teetotal force were all behiud me, and he said, * I may say, and I think you at least will believe me, when I say that I owe my position in Sydney, and my reception in England, to my own efforts. I havo no further need of teetotallers or Orange men.' And then I said that 1 had done something, and merited some recompense, and he said, 'I think, and I think you will allow Mint I maybe permitted to think, that you have not been particularly happy in choosing the manner of payment. 1 think, in fact, that in this caso you have lacked both tact and caution. I think that you should havo forseen tho slough in which you would havo to rest for a while, and should havo forborne to load yourself with this additional burden, and I think you should have forseen the troubles that would attack me, and should have reserved your strength to defend me, which I think you will understand is synonymous with defending us. You might i have lived without turkeys and the rest, and I you might, I think you will believe mo to be ; earnest when I say that you might havo pre ferred to remain without perquisites and chances other than thoso you huvo for tbe next half*ccntury, rather than havo rushed opon>mouthed at this licensing appoint ment.'" The letter was lorn right through there ; but, probably, tbe conclusion might lmvo represented, by a grophic akotch, the binder part of a man retrcatiug in haste from tbo toe of an approaching boot. An action was brought at tho Supreme Court, Melbourne, on Monday, before Mr. Justice Holroyd, by John Dyson, against tho Union Bank, to recover £750 damages for tho dishonour of a cheque. The defendants had paid /200 into court. Tho plaintiff was tnnnugcr to Messrs. Androw Jack and Co., stationers, and it appeared that in August, 1881, be paid to his credit at tho bank a ohi'ijuo for £50. A few months afterwards bo bought a share in the business of his brother, Charles Frederick Dveon.and in consideration thereof he gave his ehequo for £100. Tbo cheque was subsequently presented and dis honoured, tho plaintiff ut tho time of tho dis honour having £102 to his credit. Tho de fenco was that tho cheque paid in by the plaintiff in tho month of August had boon credited to a man named Dion instead of tho plaintiff's account, tho writing being very in distinct, and tho names of tho two parties being similar. Tho jury returned & vcrdict for the plaintiff with £250 damages, in addi tiqu to the amuual paid iuto cyurt. IT lias boon pointed ouL as a somewhat re markable circumstance, (observes the South Australian licgidcr), that tlio lato Mr. Justice Boothby, as long bock as tho year 1854, pro* jeeted a scheme for the construction of a great Australian railway connecting the three metropolitan cities of Sydney* Melbourne, and Adelaide. Tho South Australian Jiepister of August 22, 1S54, contains tho full text of tho Judge's scheme, which was embodied in a Stato document, and forwarded by His Excel* lency the Governor, Sir II. E. P. Young, to tho Legislative Council, to the Imperial Government, and to tho respective Govern ments of Now South Wales and Victoria. The main feature* of his Honor's proposals, which will be of special interest just now, may : bo summarised as follows The route to bo taken fora continuous line of railway connect* ing Sydney, Melbourne, and Adeluide is from Sydney to the upper part of the River Murray, I hence along the valley of that river to Ado. Inide, with a branch line from some point on tho'. Murray to Melbourne. At each grcatterminut of the railway, that is at each of the capitals of tho three colonies, docks capable of occommo dating the largest class of ocean steamers are to be constructed. Thecarrying out of the scheme, to be placcd in the hands of 12 commissioners! of whom the chairman and two others should' bo appointed by the Crown, the remainder '. consisting of the Surrcyor'General and Com".: missioner of Crown Lands in each province, and one member elected from each Legislative Council. The length of the line is estimated at a thousand miles, and the total cost of rail way and docks will bo 21 millions. This capital to be raised on a loan at an interest of 3-1 per cent, per annum, secured on the land fund and the revenue of the colonics, guaran teed bj tho Imperial Parliament-, Tho loan to be repaid in twenty years, but not sooner. The land for 15 miles on cach side of the railway to bo vested in tho railway commis sioners and the sale of it to go towards a sink ing fund for extinguishing (he debt incurred in erecting tho railway. The estimate of tho probablo traffic shows a revenue would be derivable equal to per cent, on the capital invested.. Sir Henry Young endorsed tho scheme, but thought it would bo better to omit the proposal to .construct docks, and his estimate of. the cost of the railway only-was ten millions. His Excellency also thought a reservation of ZO miles of land on each side of the line would be sufficient. : 'XHE prompt steps (soys the Age) that were token in tho early part of the year for tho suppression of rabbits in the Wimmera dis-^ trict baring been suspended tho pest has again assumed serious proportions, and the Vie-. torian Government are now compelled to re sume operations.' It is intendod to use bisul* phido of carbon as a destroying agent, as it has been found that the rabbits will not. cat : the phosphoriscd oats when the young spring i grass is comiug on. In the .olher districts of - i the colony tho increase of rabbits ib not per ccptibic, as the operations of.lhe trappers check them to a very great extent. A NATIONAL association to su ppress juvenile smoking was formed zii y London on June D. It would bo interesting to hear (says tho New 'YorfcTr'tbune) in what way the society proposes.to set about its work, There is a universal agreement that smoking ; hurts; children, and without doubt the habit has , extended rapidly amongst them, at least in this country, since the introduction of cheap : and nasty cigarettcs. la Englaud, perhaps, tho facilities for obtaining a cheap smoke have not multiplied as fast as they have here. Tha Pall Mall Gazette says that " boys begiu to smoke youog because they are bored. That is the long aud the short of it. Ger man aud French schools, where the boys loaf, show a much larger proportion of smokers than English schools, where the boys play games. Tie children of the poor, who have few recreations, begin to smoke much younger than the children of the rich, who have plenty. The best thing the new society can do is to back up heartily every effort to increase tho number of places, and supply the means, of healthy rccrcation for the children of the poor. If they want to see what may be done in that direction, they might do. worse thau make an expedition to the very successful playground in! White chapel, which has now been open for two 'years.".' .. 