EXTRACTS. FOLLOWERS THE QTJEP.X.l I Among tho many worries belonging to household management, ono of tho most trouhlesomo is the question of " Followers." The unlucky mistress early learns that it lias at least as many sideB as /Esop's old man found thcro wero ways to take his ass to mar ket, and probably, liko'iuin, finding that the attempt to please everyone by fallowing their advice only lead to general complaint, alio gives it up na hopeless, and .follows the light of her own experience and convenience It certainly i a vexatious difficulty. On tho one hand you do not want to make your maids prisoners from the moment they enter your household ; on tho other, you do not want perpetually to have your kitchen given over to Btraugers, who cause unlimited giggling and confusion amongst the maids, and decided diaoomfortto yourself, when yon innocently go downstairs to speak to cook about to-night's supper or to-morrow's breakfast. What is to be done ? Some cut, tlio Gordian knot with a slash, roundly declaring that unloss "all male ac quaintance, commonly called followers, bo strictly forbidden, and tho observance of this order rigidly enforced, anythlug like order can not be maintained." This is a way out of the difficulty certainly, but can it be carried out ? That is tho question. Tho rule may, possibly, be rigidly enforced in large establishments, ,at . all events as far as the servants' hall is con- ccrncd ; but in small households, however strictly promulgated, it is (far oftenor than tho , mistress perhaps thinks) more honored in the breach than the observance. Anyway, how ever beneficial, necessary, and practicable such a rule may be in a largo house, where, from the number of servants, moro companionship indoors is possible, and the work can bo more exactly and minutely subdivided, oauh only doing his, or her, separate piece ; in smaller households, both mistress and maid are moro mixed up in their relations with ono .another, and discipline cannot be inaintaiucd with the samo mechanical precision -as in the former ' case. Howovor exactly you may, and, indeed, must, try to apportion tho work of your three or four maids, times will occur when a strain will fail on your domestic machine, unJ unless it insufficiently elastic to -V adapt Itself to tlio pressure, »"'li -- will collapse, and yon w»' " , "l.qMimg consolately sitting «n<l yo«rs«il£ d.e- „ „,Ji > -J>d the ruins of what was cimwj, -f -.eted household. Now, if you J, . uofine the duties 'exactly and at all ..mes, neither can you limit tlie privileges in variably and unalterably. II we are prepared to accept servants simply as parties to a con tract, by which one side binds itself to givo so much work nnd time for so much food and shelter and pay from the other sido, well and good, only then do not grnmblu if, you receive only the exact amount of work and considera tion necessary to procure the stipulated re muneration. "But this is just what so many people will not do ; in fact, very few -persons do take this mechanical view of the question in its entirety, and henoo a great deal of tho discontent really existing between sor. vrints and mistresses. To do thein justice, there is far less clashing between muster nnd mim than there is botivcen mistress nnd "maid, bo the reason , what it may. If we expect, as most of U9 do, faithful, un grudging and conscientious service, we must see that we carry out our share of the contract likewise. ungrudgingly aud considerately. If there is to be any real oomfortand home fool ing in a household, the servants-must be some thing more tbnn machines. If a lady will fairly and honestly set herself to study her maids as : part of the family and to care for 1 them,' she will booh learn to undorstandthoir ways and feeliugs, and be able to trust in them, arid tlils "trust will very rarely bo betrayed. On the contrary, she will find,- as many have found before, how, very far a few kiud words, 1 and a little honest kindly thought, will. go in winning respect and liking, and indeed grow almost -asbamed'of the gratitude oxcited'by deeds almost unconsciously dono, and costing so little troublo ; whilo-slio will certainly reap ' a" rich reward, (or her extra care and trouble in long service, few changes, and work fairly aud honestly done; Novv'this very question of fol lowers is 'a ease in -point. Naturally you do ' not care to have constantly about your house . strangera, of whom you-kuow littlo or nothing ; nnd, indeed, in largo towns, from tlio very casual way servant girls mnke acquaintances, it is not -always safe. At tho samo time it is Lord on tlio girls if they may not see their male relations and friends without going out to see them, you may not think thu life of an arti san's or small tradesman's wife as-easy as-lbe life of a girl in good Borvieo, and possibly it is not. But just us girls in another cla3s will givo up the comforts and luxuries of tbeii 1 fathers' homes to follow husbands abroad, oi \- to tlio colonies, or at homo, and nro content and happy leading n life that, to outsiders, Mini verv narrow, poor and struggling aftoi tho old homo of their youth, so will your maids look forward to tlio timo when they may pro bably faro less comfortably, and work harder, but wilt have a husband and children as a com pensation for tho lack of, or restriction in, dumoatio comfort. So the house mother must accept tho inevitable with tho best grnco she can, and should caro as licedfiilly, in their several degrees, for the'friendship3 and fnturo of Ethel nud Jlnry in tho drawiugroom as for thoso o'f Jane and Eliza in tho kitchou. When servants aro engaged, a groat deal of troublo would be saved if mistresses, whon explaining tlio requirements and rulo3 of their esta blishment?, would consiilor carefully and stuto . clearly their ideas on this -question. A vory good arrangeinont is to make them clearly understand that no followers, malo - or female, are allowed -as a right, but that whon thoy wish to have in any friend, they mu3t come straight to yourself, nnd, explaining who they pre,, ask loavo to invito them. This. per mission .-should always bo given, unloss some thing definite is known against the visitor, or that tho, presence of a stranger at tho time requested would ' bo an inconvonionco or on- riqyance 'to th©T©3t of tho household. How, oyer aeldom 'acted «on, 'tlio right of refusing iffiould by kept Btrfctly in tho miatresss povyor,( nnd a fow kindly words,'( rib tho-titoo of 'giving permission,' will do much to . relieve tho. maid; of the irksomeneBa of havimr'to ask leave, and ?will holp tho miatross -more easily to tinder (Bland her maid's ways and surrounding??. If (trusted and kindly trontod, tnnids will, with 'very few exceptions, trust back, and will soon ilearn that, ovon if sometimes .a constraint, the . rulo is not solely for tho employer's benefit. ; They are far moro likoly to be careful as to 'their associates, when seeing them involves- "asking missis," and running tho gauntlet of .their -fellow- servanta' criticism. After all, it ; 13 far better to hare a young man in the ; 'kitchen of an evening, occasionally (eveu if it 5 does entail a little more giggling than you ex- ! nctly "caro for), than to havo tho constant ! trickery and fuss a rigidly enforced rulo of ' "no followers" all but invariably causes in j households, It is better to slacken di30<plino j a little yoursoU, than to have it done for you > whenever your back is turned, tho culprits i lulling you into a fancied security, till some night you unexpectedly return earlier than you intended, to find your kitchen full of strangers, -the houso unguardod, and the children deserted, whilst their attendants nro frolicking down stairs, Probably as a climax you discover, to your horror, that your demure, quiet damsels, on whoso proprioty you implicity relied, were in the habit of- entertaining in this fashion whenever you wore absont, aud that, but for the carelessness bred of long continued im- J puuity, you would have still been in tho dark. This ia no fancy sketch j ahno3t.overy house- j keeper can remember an instaucc. In the case j I aui thinking of, tho mistress prided herself ' on tho discipline and strict attonfciou to rules enforced in her establishment. With her the aunoyance and trouble were immensely en hanced by the fact that the faithless nurse (a 41 perfect treasure" by tho way) was in tho liabit of drugging the baby to insure its sleep- ing, and kept the older children quiet with" horriblo ghost and hogey stories, till the poor little things were in such an agony of terror (when the whole thing was discovered) lest they should incur the horrors she had threa tened that it was months before their nerves returned to a proper state. I havo but little doubt that all successful mistresses aud respect- able servant? will hear me out when 1 assert that if you treat servants frankly, and, while insist- ing on strict obedience to the rules you consider nocessary, and the respect and consideration which are your due, you givo them the caig and consideration that aro quite as much " to them, you will have little can-o alteror complain of your liue of cond. 