UNDEE THE SNOW. LIY LIOLIEKT COLIIYEB. IT was Christmas eve in thu year feutteen. And as ancient dalesmen used to teii. Tiio wildest winter they ever had euc-n. With the enow iyiog deep on moor and tell. Whan Wagoner John got out his team Stniler and Whitefoot, Dake and Gray. With the light in his eyes ot a young man's dream. As be though of his wedding ou New Year's Pay. To Bath, the maid with the bonnie brown hair. And eyes of the deepest, sunniest blue, Modest and winsome and wondrous fair. And true to ber troth, for her heart was true. 4 4 Thou's surely not going," shouted miu? host. 4 4 Thou'll be lost in the drift aa sure as thou'a born. Thy lass winnot want to wed wi 1 a ghost. And that's what thou'll be on Christmas mora. 4 4 It's eleven long mile fra Skipton toon, To Blueberg booses and Waehbnrn dale, Thou bad better turn baok and sit thee doon, And comfort thy heart wi' a drop o' good Tarn the swallows flying South, Torn the vines against the suo, Hords from river* iu the drought, MOD must dare or nothing's done. So what cares tbe lover for storm or drift. Or peril oi death on the haggard way, He sings to himself like a lark in the lift, And the joy in his heart torus December to M^y. But the wind from the north brings a deadly chill, Creeping into bis heart, and the drifts aro deep, Wheru liin thick of tbe storm strikes Blueberg hill, H« ia weary aud falls in a pleasant sleep. Aud dreams he is walking by WaBhburn side, Walking with Rath on a summer's day, Singing that song to his bonnie bride, His own wife now for ever and aye. Now read me this riddle, bow Ruth should be&r; That song of a bearl, in the clutch of, doom It stole on her ear, distant and ele*^ As if ber lover was in the And read me this riddle, how J*'. ih 8hon1d kuow, A Ya h or, faOUU<3a en the °P ^n t™ i« loii in the drifting snow, .1g or dead on the great wild moor. Help! help 11" " L^st 1 lost !!" Biogs through the night as she rushes away, Stumbling, blinded and tempest tossed, Straight to the drift where her lover lay. Aud pwift tbey leap after ber into the night, Into the drifts by Blueberg hill, Pullan, Ward, Robinson, each with his light To find her there, holding him, white and still. He was dead in the drift then," I hear them say. As I listen in wonder, Forgetting to play, Fifty years syne come Christmas Day. 41 Nay. nay, they were wed," the dalesman cried, By Parson Carmalt o' New Year's Day, 4 4 Bonnie Bath were me great-great- grandsire's bride, And Maister Frankland gave her away." But bow did she find him under tbe snow ?" They cried with a laughter, touched with tears. " Nay, lads," he said softly, 44 we never oan know, No, not if we live a hundred years." There's a sight o* things gan To the making o* man. Then I rasbed to my play With a whoop and away, Filty years syne oome Christmas Day. A MITCH CAUSED BY A SHOE.—A fashionable shoemaker tells a pretty little story that reeds well even though it may be a cunningly devised lie. His work is exclusively in ladies' foot-wear, and to an inquisitive reporter he said 44 Last year I made a pair of shoes for a lady who had as pretty feet as were ever fashioned. It was a pleasure for me to make the shoes, and when they were finished I put them in the show-window in a very conspicuous place, where I oould view them at my leisure. Pretty soon a nicelydressed gentleman stopped and began viewing them very attentively. Presently be entered tbe store and inquired if they were for sale. I told him no, that they were made for one of my customers. He looked surprised, and aBked the lady's name. Z would not give him this muoh satisfaction, but told him where she lived, however. I was considerably surprised to learn after* ward that he was calling at the bouse, and mere surprised still, when tbe lady, accompanied by the gentleman, called at the store ihua three months innnlha la lftini. tel. She Hhn called Afcllail him 1 < dear dflnv ' then, so I guew they were married."— Detroit 1 Wm &«u. t 