THE ASSEMBLY. A wlU-'o-tlu'-T'P ' A «orin in « tozpdt ; an old wife's tale. Oli tnhtlehouldlmvo wasted iay voice, niui hucIi » vol'. ,ov®r l';!» "4 ; < i . —Tiie yfnln8 8 Hoflectii»U : Hy A.'T. Clark. Sn floon tho Houso had nssomblod yoator day, and preliminary questions bod boon asked ftnd,mwordi MrA. T. Clark camo out of hia afllt and porforuicd a war danco. Ho began w1 Rrcat confidonco, but aa you may b&vo; b6j n dog slink away witb bis tail bo tweou upon boing detected by tbo bouae40 nn attempt upon tbo cold joint in larder, bo did this robust gentle- man present a ' humiliating spoctaclo of eheopishucBs at tho end of bis 8lfy. Story, did I say? Nay, liko Canuing|s n'dy knifo'grindor, tho honorable gontlotnon jd no story to tell— -savo in tbo sonso in which . outccl young ladies uso tho word wbou thoy wish to infer that you or I havo told a lio. It vns, iudocd,' a most abject failure this storm about Messrs Wright and DriBcoli. It would havo been ovon moro so bad tho Frontier bold bis . touguo to tbo last, Hut be is of Milesian temper, and so far played into bis tormentor's ; bands. t ' _ f , . . Mr Clark, with' a rumble aa of distant thun der, began by niovitig tho ndjonrnmout oftho House, in ordor to product) the particulars of what ho tormod a peculiar caeo; Somo of tho particulars, iio stated, wore known to him as facts ; others bad boon supplied to biin by . tbatv.vnguo abstraction which is popu- lorly known as a " rallablo authority," and which must bo a close lciusnian of that equally mysterious principlo which: tbo policoman in variably produces in tbo wi(nossbox, undor tliotitlo of " from information I received, otc," Mr Cjark's, facts, however, fell topiocos before bo bad finished, antl loft him ponni- less indeed. . . . . Tbo story ran as follows : An ongiuodriver- named Wright bad boon- accused by a mbu named Driecoll of boing constantly intoxi cated wbou on duty. Driecoll putliischnrgo rewriting, and sout it lo tbo bead of tho department. An inquiry was hold, and Wright was oxonorated. Wright prosecuted latter was committed for trial by Mr Nicol bod, 1\M. Mr Ciormloy, a J.l1., hero stopped in, aud (as Mr Clark avlrsj camo to Mel bourne' to uso his . infitjauce on behalf of Driscoll, with tho rosull that tho Crown entered a nolle prosequi. flhiB was tho casoas laid beforo tbo Houso by Mr Clark. But Sir Bryan said that bo hnd( nover boforo board anything about it. The Mr Clark bo camo offensivo,nnd a running n» was maintained be tween tho two honorritiemeinbors. Air Clark said that certain inflaoncts had boon brought to ;bear upon tho flovbmnont, aud plainly inferred that there conisted in tho ciroum- stance that botb Driscol and his champion, .(Jonnloy, J.l\, were Otholics. It was not ktrdngo, suroly, that tho lonest blood mounted int tho virago of tie baronet. . Groat leaven, l . bayo wojalla so low ..that tbeso religious differences s!ouId find play in our, House oQKepresejtativos? Ina certain fionso .honorable inombp, whon at work— which is ajibonomoualnosition in which to find themselves— slioud forget they have any religion at all. Hovever, to proceed. Sir Bry'nn said that ho did tot know Driscoll, or Gormley, J.P., and hg .vented to kyeny whgq flDtlvhcrO tho Offhdiv'AS committed, ilcr£ I Air Clark's reliable aujority failed him., He knejv nothing about ;uo dates. Thon Sir llry&n; said be wouldmake inquiries. At tliisiMr A. T. Clark |»manded that all tho papers connected wh tho case, without rcEervntion, should liflaid upou tho table. Thef stipulation "witout reservation" was characteristically irap&inent.; Sir Bryan said that was for the House to make such a demand, nd Mr Clark cried out. from tho bottom.of biiligestivo apparatus, "I ohalicngo tbo hon, mombcr .to!, do' it." "I i yrOBV answesd the baronet'; and tbon' tiid 3YfI rnmed "Oh doarl oh dear—" thou&fi; U89 rjflWe angels than ravaolf give his words .as 'i4crj ordor." But the Wig; is a wag, and lyjenra flro ovor open to catch an echo of -IsnarcasmA Witb that; bland >olitoucss ujji which ho conceals a gentleman's contemp )r a snob, bo informed Mr, Clark that bo hd ot addressed bftnoolf to bim, but to tho U Draoy-Goneral. Th?o Air A. T. Clark,la andoning his reliable iufoimatiou, began t ask questions. Tho Premier objected to;l a course as beiogout or oraor, uui me >v; gravoiy aellvored bis ruling that it is quitanorder for an honorablo mornbertoask que.ios, but that thoy must not be answered, n< i ust ho bo subjocted to any interruptions, . 1i laughtor witb:.>vliicb tbisdictum was rcceie was genuine. MrjClark bod asbc tho.question whether any official, other tlm ho Attornoy-Generali could iintcrposo betie( . the grip of Dame Justice and a man vl had boon committed to hor cbnrgo. Mri tor, doubtless glad of the opportunity of aiir bis law lore, seconded tho motion for aditi imont. Ho and Mr Kerfcrd do not ngrt snetly as to the.func- "tions pf the Attoro) General. Wlioh tho hon. gentleman hawit down, andhadgivon a solf>apprcciativo ug at bis whiskers, tb» Premier procededo (nform the House that he did not know tit such a being oxistod as Gorraley, J.P, Aood title for a novel this— u Gormley, J,P,"'Would not Dickons have' seized'upon it . ' Well, Sir Bryr O'Logblen Hooredrtbo hon. meinbor fo Williamstown witb the straightforward . atement that until that evening bo batbot heard a word about the i caeo. Hi told Mr Clark : that bis roliablo infontion was incorrect. "No,'1, cried, the deepMiccd one, < it is true." "Per'feptly nntr," returned the Premier/ ' Quito'true," reied . Williamstown, Thou the baronet got'vd, and protested that Mr Clark bad no rig' to interrupt "him' when ho was speaking, |sl the Wig', nodded aagoly . thrice, ! It was lil tho cock-crow that warned Peter of bis erroi Sir Bryao saidiat the honorablo member was grossly out (order. M l am not going to let you ride rougshod over me," retnrnod. the basso. Tho homier appealed to tho Wig " Do I undorstai," said that embodiment of , all equity and ipartiality, that tho hon. member inferre tbat tbo Attorney Generat had been iniluendby Gormley, J.P2" This ( clearlyas possibbon minutos beforo. However tbe Wig|(orbiteiiegantiarum) now interfered. Ho saidjtbat hoiped this matter would go no further.- Sir Ban, however, could not lo the matter rostntbout pointing out tbat tho hon. member hamade a gross personal attack upon him—an .tack which not merely re flected upon fci oifico wbicb bo bold aa Attorney »Genef, but on his honor as a man Ho characterid Mr Clark's charge as infamous— and) it was. Of course SI John O'Sbanassy did not sit silent during lis discussion. Ho showed up the mare's ncsti which Mr Olark had batchod his egg,: and bat a sorry waste of time had been involvcdltbe operation. He oxprossed a hopo tbsv consideration would bo at once givi to the recommendations of the Standi? Orders Committee, in order that this1 frighul abuse of moving tho ad journment of te House should bo chocked. Tbon tbe final|ttiotuB was given to the ghost which bad bet raised by Mr Clark by a declaration fnn Mr Dow to tbo elTeot tbat be bad t&kon; Drcoll to a Melbourno justice of the peace— wh turned out to be tbo Mun'ro— and tbat bo hi there and tbon signed a de- clarationjtbabo bad znade tbo statements re flecting ppoi Wright's sobrioty whon be (Driscollj wi himself drunk. This is au ordinary jb&se; Evory observer, will know that your intoicA)cl man thinks everybody but himeclf (hunk and incapablo. And mi »!, bubble burst, aud Mr A ,T. Clark subsidoj, L Nothing of general interest occurrod until i>r Madden inquired whether auythiug could bo done towards lessoning or modifying th shrieking of tho locomotive whiatlos on i\la suburban lines. It was Syduoy Smith I think, who compared tho shriek of a steam wbietlo to that of a lawyer when tho dovil luui fixed hhnr And positively the idoa Bfnpu.c. Thoro havo bcon; time wl,«„ t|, fllinll blast of tbo atoam wbiatlo ha. „8, 1 tmlei my own tmauliiod aoul. Simplo Sim m i aa.d that. n tbo old world whiatloa worn „ mod. My dear boy, thay. pay too doarly f„ ln tho "W wrld, aa woabal prcaently porccivu. ; Tbo dobato upon Ways and Moana was ro munod by MrGrnvoB, wbo inovod tlm J' ton of tbo tobacco dntioa. to tho natural subject of boor... I thought that hponlhis aubjoct ho was rathor mixed jow jvcr.o explained that tho loaa by a ramiauon « tbo bear duty would bo upwards of LOO 000 And then ho (?avo ua a vory happy viow of tho liwpocta' of tins God.fayorod country. Mr prison mnUo a opoooii in support of tbo G.vermnont ; and thon MrCartordolivoroda clilraotoriatio oration from nnothor point of vi«w. Mr: Oartor mndo ua ,all lauRh vory mach.', Always facotious, ho was moro than ordinarily ao laat overling. H0 shocked .the Munro, Longmoro, Mirama, and ltiohardaoa motion, hy quoting from a capital and most ingenious little book called "Alcohol a factor in human progress." U0 aaid all tho nationa which ,uood intoxi- canta had progressed, while thoy who had'rnn tlioir history on tcototal linos had dogonoratod to tbo iovolof South iioalslandora. Ho wont on to say that upto tho tiiao of flood horo hnd boon uu alcohol, and that novortho- lesB Providenco bccamo so disgustod witb tbo wickedness of tho world that it had irrigated it to got rid of its inhabitants. Ho eaid that sincorNoab, tho vignoroii, tho world liad not boon doatroyod. Hninph! As a champion of alcoholic influonco, Mr Gartor, you might have teferrrod to tho oorry picturo which ths rotnorcii prosontod wlion in the joy of his making a gnod harbor ho got tight. Mr Cartor waa vory outortaiuiug, If0 misodtho iro of -Mr Lnngmore at whom ho poked capital fuu. Ho was followed by Mr Kichardson. Then Mr Zox spoko from a Constitutional - cuni commercial ataud- point. Mr Barr, Mr Fearson and Mr Hall addressed tho House, and a division was taken upon tho motion to report progrosp, and it waa nogatived. Tiio cliattor then wont on, Mr 4\. T. Clark waa woefully chalfod during tho talk, and looked no aulky as a boar with a sore head, or a brido swindled out of hor pin money Mr Cartor coinplimontcd tho LiWral party on thoir now loader, Mr A. T. Clark j and Mr Longmoro took occasion to rcpndiata th honorable gentleman's leadorship. Sir Carte I arid that Mr Clark was tho man to sottlo tb Hgyptinn difficulty. , Iu a word, poor Ir Clark was gonbrally "oat upon." Ultimatty tho motion as aot forth by Mr Oravea vis carried, progrosa was . roported, tho Hoso adjourned, and soon afterwards silence reined in the Cbambor nntj tho ' , GALLERr.. 