LOCAL TOPICS HAVING received numerous complaints lately form subscribers of the non-recept of this journal, we wish to remind them that all that we can guarantee is to have their papers properly addressed according to their direc- tions and placed in the Horsham Post Office after which our responsibility ceases. We are not altogether surprised that papers mis- carry for we are informed by the local officials that there is considerable confusion as regards some of the country post offices. For instance the place which is known in the district as the Darragan post office is called by the Department Nurrabiel. And as to the Kewell correspondence the whole of this is sent in one bag to Murtoa, and there asserted. All these things complicate matters con- siderably and increases the liability of mis- takes. We make this explanation in order that subscribers may not conclude whenever they miss their Horsham Times that the fault lies with us. ON. Tkursrlay evening the Ideal Operetta Company made their first appearance in the Mechanics' Institute to a good house con- sidering the sultry state of the atmosphere. The programme commenced with the sparkling operetta" Retaloed on both sides," in which Miss Florence Acton and a Mr. John Barrington appeared to advantage. The piece, which sparkles with humor, was fully appreciated by the audience and caused much amusement. This was followed by Edward Dance's comedietta "A Morning Gall," Miss Kate Thayer and Mr. Wm. E. Chapman enacting the respective characters of Mrs Chillingtone and Sir Edward Ardent. The comedietta was performed in a creditable manner, and proved that Miss Thayer was an actress of considerable ability. Her render ing of "Coming thro' the rye" introduced her as a vocalist to the audience, who were not slow in appreciating her performance. Miss Thayer sustained the reputation she has gained by her rendition of the above ballad for which she had to submit. to an encore most rociferously- demanded. We think, however, t'ata few more ballads could have been easily introduced into the piece which would have then been more highly appre- ciated by those present. Mr. Chapman's per- trayal of the character intrusted to him was creditably sustained throughout. After an interval of ten minutes the cur- tain rose on the operetta entitled " The Widows Bewitched," in which Miss Thayer, Miss Florence Acton, Mr. R. Fitzgerald, and Mr. John Barrington appeared. The pretty airs with which this operetta abounds gave the artistes an opportunity of displaying their viaal powers, which they did to the entire satisfaction of all. Miss Thayer's wonderful voice was heard to advantage throughout, but especially in her rendition of "Robin Adair," which she sang with aweettasteand feeling. This ladypossenees en- tire command over her voice, the rich tones of which evidence long years of careful training. Miss Acton's sning was also much admired, that lady using her sweet voice with good effect. Mr. Fitzgerald also came in for a share sof the honours, he being deservedly applauded. He possesecs a clear tenor voice of considerable compass, which he used to advantage. Mr. John Barrington also met with applause for his efforts which were highly successful. Altogether the pro- gramme was good, and the artistes the beat who have yet paid a visit to Horsham. We must not forget to mention the playing of the conductor, Mr. Harcourt Lee, who is well known for his musical abilities. His overtures and accompaniments were much admired, and formed a feature of the perfor- mance. The company appeared again last evening, when there was a fair attendance, and the programme was gone through in a manner which was highly appreciated by the audience. This evening the company appear at Dimboola, where they will doubtless meet with a hearty reception. M.. C. G. Holmes, the clerk of courts, having obtained three weeks leave of absence, Mr. S. J. Goldsmith, of Melbourne, has been appointed as locum tenexs for Mr. Holmes, and is likely totake charge on Monday next. A CASE of diphtheria, in the person of a child from Norton Creek, has been admitted into the hospital. 'The cass is kept isolated and the usual precautionary measures - adopted.- The housefrom which the patient was brought was fhmigated on Thursday. - YESTERDAY a revision court was held at the u police-office before Messrs, A. W. Walters f, and G. Young, J's.P., when the rolls for the n Kewell, Lawloit, Longerenong, and War- a racknabeal divisions were- duly signed and certified to in accordance with the act. fi TOWN subscribers who may not have re. h crved'the Horsease Tmes Alnsmanac en ob- n tan the same by calling it this office.' We f make this announcement asn we find that v some of our suanbscribers have been inadver- t tently overlooked. AT the Police Court yesterday, the only business was a summons for the recovery of £2 10s for work and. labour done by Adolph Levien against John Anderson. Mr. Ireland appeared for the defendant, and the complain- ant, upon being examined, stated that he was to go because the winnower broke which they were working, and did so. The bench awarded £1 without costs thinking that would meet the justice :of the case. A summons Robert Clark v. Jabez Jones for the recovery of £4 2s 9d for goods sold was withdrawn, and the court adjourned. Messrs. S. B. Bolton, A. W. Waiters, and G. Young, J.'sP., pre- sided. ON Thursday the remains of Mr Alexander Knowles, late of the Victoria Hotel, were interred in the Horsham Cemetery, and later upon the same day those of Mr. Wilfred Bushby, the well-known solicitor, who died very suddenly from apoplexy. The decease of the latter gentleman on Thursday morning was a great surprise to his many friends, as it was so unexpected. THE following accounts are payable at the Receipt and Pay office Horsham :— R. Beau- mont, C. Hardingham, W. Jackman, M. Leehane. and W. G. Kennedy. WE have received :theroport and honour list of the Ballarai Colloge, of which Mr. J. Garbutt, l.A., is the principal, for the year 1881\. The instithtionaappcears to be in a flourishing conditioi, ns a has been found necessary tb"obuild "raditinlni class-rooms during the plast"teir. - : A cnrcrKExmatch willbe played at lfurtoa to-day:between the' Horshiam and - irtira Clubs. Horeham will be represented by the I following :-Messrs Anderson, Birlkmyre, t Blalckburn, R. Bolton" Cunmming, Doyle, 1 Fahbry, Gedd~s, Neuzum, Rundell, and Shep- I herd. Emergency: Jones. And Murtoa by a G. Loevitt, W. Whittakeres, A. Duncan, F. - Bennett, A. Norrie, A. B. Miller,- J. Miller, WV. Webster, Campbell, A. Phllips, and IHarman. Emergencies: W. Miller, Weods, d and P. Jamiesnon.... Tir Railway- department on Wednesd-y i (says the Age): received informostioa that on I the North-western lirie a:snpcial:train from I Stawell to Horsham had run through a mob of sheep ?eir thel-Jung Jtaig msitionu-abeut I five o'ciik on the mornsing of the 17th, 1 kilin-, a cb'sideirable number It is pre the railway reserve- owig to the feed being better than outside, intending to t-ke them away Ibhaford the- trains bommencjed to run in th morning, but not- anticipating the earlyiphecial, he loSi d eoneaiderable. pioitioni of his flock by the trespass.. -. -.. A siosro time sisce(eays thbd'. C. News) wmi mentioned that Mr. Aitken; truant in spector under the Education Department,lhad boen removed to take-charge of thie Warr nambool: district., We learn from the Ararat Advertiser that "'in .consequence of this alteration the Ararat and Stawell dis tridts have :again been incorporated. Mr. Collings, inspector of this district, has thus had his duties increased by the inclusion of Stawell and the Wimmersa district so far as the: border." What has prompted the de partment to make this alteratian we :cannot say, for the -district isas large enough in all conscience before the addition of the Ararat district was made to it. When the two were incorporated before it was found that the system did not work well, and why it should be again reverted to seems strange. No metter how active an officer may be he can not possible do his duty to the parents of children and to.lthe department with such a large district under his control as that from Ararat to the South Australianborder. -,-\re trust the Boards of-Advice- in this district will co- operate in protesting against the pro posed change, when it is.to be hoped the de partment will re-conslderthc determination. Mr. Aitke" is one of the - most efficient officers in the iervice, but hi found the Stwell and Wimmera district just as much as h cogdlqok after.4,, h5A4-- r-*g. Iroonumose came to hand yesterday from Kiata to the effect that a very serious bush fire had been raging in the immeliote neigh bonrhood since Thursday. and that the coun. try: around was completely eiveloped with .he smoke fur miles. at is to be feared that it-. will be the means-of inflicting very serious injury on the .selectors, and it is further stated that some. four: or five of them have already hbsen5hbrut. out, oCt. is. to.be I hoped that the fie may be speedily mastered before it subjects the residents in the im mediate neighbourhood to any further loss owing to its ravages. AT the meeting of the Lowanshire Council on Tuesday last Cr MacDonald moved,that,with the view of eradicating the rsbbitpest from the colony, the "tuvortument le solicitedto offer the sum of £1101,00 for thI i~s'tion of an effectual remedy fgr the nuisance. He thought that should sd5e a sum b offered, scientific men in other coi:tries would enc deeavotir to invent the requred remedy, shiech.would .enable them to g.t rid oftihe rabbits, ihicli they :?jever woulduo as long as they had only the phospho:iseddoats to depend on. The rabbits were rapidly. in creasing, he went on to say, and they w'uld ere long be the ruin of the district. If toe Government were not nareeable to the prh posal and declined to accede to theirrec'est,' he suggested that the various infected shires should co-operate together and raise the re quired amount. He had no doubt but that the Lousasishire would grans the sauis of £250 for the purpose which he was sure would be for the good of the country. Several of the other couneillors expressed themselves confid ena'tiat the rabbits would never be cleared from the country unless something more effectual than the prison at present used was quickly devised. Cr. Bone did notthinkthe matter would be entertained by the Govern ment, and he considered that the only remedy for the'nnisance would be the speedy passing of the Land Bill and dealing with the Crown Lands. If the Government would divide the land into small blocks and give it to the selectors,the rabbits, he thought,would very soon be eradicated from the country,but as it was at the present time, it was utterly useless for the se ectors adjoining the Crown Lands to endeavour to cope with the nuis ance. Tons evening Professor Rice, the great mind-reader and exposer of spiritualism, assisted by a full company of talented artists, will give one of his entortainments in. the Mlechanics' Institute. In addition to the skill displayed by the professor in his own specialities, the entertainment wilt be varied by the singing of Mr. C. Florrence, the great Australian tenor, and Miss Fanny Marsden, the youngcontralto. In addition to which there is the novelty of seeing " The Ghost." At the Shamrock Hotel on Wednesday and Friday, Professor Rice gave private seances, at which a number of gentlemen were present, and the manner in which he practically illustrated his powers of "divin ation" was amatter of very general surprise. Ms. Coverlid(from Allan and Co.) intimates by" advertisement that lihe will be in Horsham about the 23rd inst. for the purpose of tuning'pianos. Mn. .T. Clarksnn announces by aJvertise ment that he his opened the tailoring business, next to Messrs Cameron and Co.'s store, Firebracestreet. Os Thursday the tenders for the construc tion of a telegraph line from Horsham and 1)imboola, and supply of 10,000 posts and 18,000 raile, were referred back to the officers of the department for their report. On. C. E. Jones is on his way to Victoria. being among the passengers quarantined in the Zealandia at Sydney. Mn. Lovegrove, of Wilson-street, in our advertising columns, draws attention to his clearing sale of drapery which commences to day, and will be continued for six weeks. WE are requested to draw attention to the advertisement of Mr. R. Clark, of the Union Mills, in which it is stated that'no charge is made for storage. 