CHRISTMAS EVE IN THE MARKETS. I. Christmas Eve in the markets ! What have I come to buy ? Turkey, or pig the sucking, Plums for the pudding ? Not I ! Turkey for Turks, and the sucking Pig may suck on for me, And for all the plums ever pulled ont with thnmbs, I wouldn't give one bawbee. 'Tis Christmas Eve in the markets, And what I have come to see, Is the Christmas crowd of faces All lit with the good old glee— ' Peace upon earth and gladness ! ' And I wonder if there may be In all that bright-visaged throng to-night, One face that is lit for me. 'Tis Christmas Eve in the markets, And 1 know that here she'll be, For she loves the dear old season, For the sake of the old countree. And she also loves bananas. And all fair fruits there be, But for sucking pig, she cares not a fig, Unless done brown to a T. 'TiB Christmas Eve in the markets ; Now where is she like to be ? Perhaps, with Love 'mongst the roses, No rose there so fair as she. Or amid the fruit does she loiter. Till the pines and peaches thrill — ' Sweet we may be, end fair to see. She, sweeter and fairer still.' Christmas Eve in the markets ! She is coming, my joy, I know, Long before eye hath seen her, For my heart is all aglow. She is coming, my life's best flower, My Christmas rose so rare, For her luminous face lights all the place, And her sweetness fills the air. 'Tis Christmas Eve in the markets, Bat the Christmas crowd is gone, Of all those beaming faces, Now beams for me bnt one; Bat to touch her glittering garment, Were a joy to last a lite ; All ! me, ah ! me, what then 'twould be To clasp her — your own sweet wife ! * * * * Of all the Eves of Christmas, Since Bethl'em's star first shone, The blessed Eves of Christmas, Most blessed be this one ; For ere the joybells' chiming. Hath greeted the Christmas sun, We are heart to heart, never more to part Till our Christmas Eves be done. II. ChristmaB Eve in the markets ! What is there here to buy ? Drugs for the drooping spirit, Lethe for agony r Is there here the art that anguish Peace from its pain can give, Or the conjuring skill that, cold and still, Can make the dead bones live ? 'Tis Christmas Eve in the markets, And what I have come to see, Is the ghoBt ot a buried Christmas, The grave of a memory. Thro' the crowd of gladsome faces, Thro' the surge as of the sea, I know she'll pace with her own old grace, And her soft, sad eyes on me. Christmas Eve in the markets, Aye, here is the same old scene — Gardens of radiant roses, Bowers of bounteous green — Flowers for the gay and happy, Ah! gather them while you may, For there's not a heart bu£ must some time part With the rose of its joy to-dav. 'Tis Christmas Eve iu the markets, And I know that far away, Whither all true souls gather, Whither all sweet sounds stray ; In the far Elysian heaven With longing eyes that grieve. There's a face of light looking down to-night, On the ghost of a Christmas Eve. Frank Hutchinson. 