The V.R.C. Autumn meeting* Lisy xele£raj,;i.l [From our Special Correspondeat.1 .Melbourne MarcU 2. j-here was a numerous gathering of touts at Flemingtosi this morning iu anticipation of ?witnessing some fast gallops with a view to Saturday's racing1. The morning was cloudy and suggestive of rain, which caused trainers to rattle their teams along expedi liously, and the morning's rehearsal was consequently all over bv 8 o'clock, whea the promised rain came down right earaastly, causing a speedy clcarar.ee of the flat. Ebi nore, a Cup outsider, was sent the dis tance proper just aa davlight broke to view, being escorted' homo by Sea fc«T'ent, the gallop apparently satis fying the stable. Wellington uest appeared in company with Star of the West for a slashing spin of a mile and three-quarters the mare making matters lively for him through, out, though Wellington finished admii-aWv on being pushed along by Yeoman.3. The olft fellow is in fine fettle, and in the absence of Progress he is bound to take a deal of beating in the Port Phillip Stakes on Saturday. Suwairow stretched out determinedly for a mile and a half in company with Bouquet, who was of no assistance to the grey at the finish. Saunterer, who is greatly fancied for the Cup, in certain quarters, acquitted himself satisfactorily in a mile and a quarter gallop with Drummer. Zambesi brought Coriolanus into difficulties in a mile and a half stretclu Darebin, piloted by Power, who is sufficiently recovered to steer his former mount in the Leger, executed a masterly spin of a mile, running all over his companion, Sir Samuel, and displaying a decided inclination to keep going. The Derby winner is in high feather just now, -' and if he loses the Leger it will be for the want of an extra gallop or two of greater length than he has been accustomed to. Gunild, a recent arrival from Sydney, pleased me immensely in a spin over the Newmarket Handicap distance, while amongthe remaining candidates for the short distance raie Result, Verdure, Larpent, Baron yo« Mueller, Hyacinth, and the Drummer, per formed to most advantage. Guesswork com pletely lost Bassanio in a six-f urlong flutter ; the tvro-year-old Allander also shaped well in a similar spin. Useful work was done by the f oDowing horses, viz. :— Chatterer, Attache, Blue Ribbon, Bathurst, Trevallyn, Glouces ter, Tyropean Swiveller, Ween, Koohinor. and Josephine. Hesperian, accompanied by Aureola and Sayonora, arrived to-day from Sydney. Ivory has also put in an appearance with Surrey and Gamecock. The betting market under went considerable changes to-day. Sweet William has hardened materially for the Australian Cup, being backed freely up to 8 to 1. Suwarrow, First Water, and Hespe rian have also shortened a point or two from yesterday's quotations. On the strength of this morning's gallop Result has received support for the Newmarket Handicap at 1CK- to 4 taken and offered ; 100 to 6 has been accepted about Surrey, Verdure, Larpent; Tyropean and the Ghost are the beat patronised of the others ; 6 to 4 is still taken and offered about Darebin for the Leger, while no more than fours are offered against any of the remaining candidates, of whom Eoyal Maid and Commotion are regarded as the Derby winner's mmt dangerous oppo- ? nents. Very little is known of the last-named, who is undergoing his preparation at Brighton, but rumor hath it that lie is a wonderfully improved horse. The following, are the latest scratchings :— St. Leger Stakes. — Spectre, Art Union filly, Beatrice colt, Paul, Yosemite, Sour Grape3 colt, Sunshine colt, Bayswater, Liberator, Aureola, Rupert, Mqwerina, Somerset, Mary filly, Miss Childers filly, Hunter, Stationer, Advance, Lord Byron, Shylock, Prince Albert, Cyclone, Excelsior. Sires' Produce Stakes.— Art Union filly, Luna filly, La Mousse filly, Cocoanut colt, Grosvenor, Paras seuse. Ascot Vale Stakes. — Dagraar colt. Sour Grapes colt, Luna filly, Art Union filly, Beatrice, Reprise, Prince George, Hobarfc, Caucasus, Lulu, Perte, Daustrolie, Henbane, Parasseuse, Grosvenor, Qui Vive, Jackia the-Green, D'Anson, Esses, Little Jack, Raillery. Bassapio, Euroclydoa, Lulu, St. Stephen, Lesbia. Bninsvrick Staked.— Gloster all engagements. Queea. New market Handicap. — Quicksilver, 