^ NARRACOORTE. : ?; (From our own Correspondent.) April 3. 1 George Brownlie, suffering from a fractured collarbone and other injuries, received through being thrown from his horse while in the act of opening a gate on the Border Town road, is progressing favorably. Professor Rice, who performed in your town before coming here, gave the public a chance of seeing '* his ghost" on Monday and Tuesday evening last. On the first night a lady went into , fits when the &hadow; appeared, and screamed to such an extent that the Professor decided that , his show had received so good an advertisement that business would run another night. On Tuesday evening, Mr. Rice gave what he considered an elucidation of the bi-sulphide of carbon trick played upon Mr. Matthew Burnett. He left a vial of the " powerful smell" in one of his cabinets, and as this was removed by parties not connected with his show, he thought it very. probable that the bottle would find its way, by the aid of kicking from unthinking persons, into the body of the hall, and that in the crush of Burnett's meeting it had been accidentally uncorked or broken, hence the smell. Now, without meaning it to be thought that I wish to throw doubt upon the Professor's assertion that a bottle of the stuff was left in his cabinet, I would like to know how much accidental kicking a bottle would take before it got up on a form and emptied itself! He should add such a feat to his many. wonder ful ones, making it the last on his programme. I am sorry to note that Messrs. MacGilchrist, MacLeod, and Co. have decided to relinquish business. The weather at present is rather chilly. There is every appearance of rain, , I notice that two of the reported deputation of four who waited on the Council in reference to having the roads of the district opened have repudiated all connection with the movement. There is a good deal of talk here over the action of the Council-some thinking the Councillors are right in their action, some that, the £60 a year the district has gained in times past would do us more good. 