CHAPTEE LXm. Bunakum, upon whom death had now set his indelible stamp, was in the act of draining off a glass of brandy, which had been civen him bv Prudence, who herself showed evidences of sharing with him, when Jack entered. His eye caught sight of his son immediately, and he uttered a strange cry. ' Come at last,' said he, as if greatly relieved. ' Come to see the old man die.' ' I hope not, father,' said Jack, in a tender tone, for in the presence of death all his anger at his unnatural parent's past conduct died' away. ' I hope not. We will be able to make you strong by-and-bye.' 'No fear !' said the dying man, hi his old slangy way ' My time's run ; my shift's up, and I hear the Great Manager calling me to come for my wages. Wages!' he cried, with a terrible laugh, 'And such wages. Jack, you don't know our manager ; he pays in very hard coin.' ' fify good man,' said the minister, a grave personage of reverend aspect, ' The wages of sin is death; but at the eleventh hour the greatest sinner may return.' ' Pooh,' said Bunakum, who now seemed strong and hearty ; ' don't talk to me that kind of stuff ; I talked too much of it in my old time not to know its value. Do you think when I've been working for the devil every shiftů the year, I can go and claim my wages off the Almighty for a few minutes' spell on New Year's Eve ? Not likely.' The minister and the listeners shuddered. ' You shouldn't talk that way, Bunakum,' said Prudence, whimpering, taking a sip at the same time ; ' it all comes through your not taking another drop.' ' No, no,' said the old man, ' Til have no more just now. I have something to do. Where's the magistrate ?' ' Here,' said a policeman, who was stand ing by, and a gentleman advanced to the bedside. The policeman took pen and ink. ' Whatever statement you have to make,' said the magistrate, 'be as clea* «= pos sible.' ' Yes,' said Bunakum, ' I'll be clear enough, I warrant, clearer than will be good for some people. Jack, come closer to me.' Jack went nearer to his father. The others gathered round in a circle. Prudence seized the opportunity to devote herself to the brandy bottle. She argued that Bunakum would require little of it after he had made his con fession. 'Jack,' said Bunakum, 'You remember the night when you fished me out of the creek at Grit, don't you? Well, after you'd left I fell hi with a fellow — he was afterwards killed at the Southern Cross Company's mine — and he treated me, which was welcome, seeing the drenching I'd got. After that somehow or other I wandered down the street. I don't know why I went that way, but I did go. It was a queer night, the moon breaking out of the'clouds occasionally, and the winds moaning through the trees like ghosts talking. When I came opposite where Janet's tent was — you know, Jack — I heard loud talking. I listened, and sure enough, it was your mother and Hector. They were talking in an excited manner, but as everyone was away, looking after the flood or drinking hi honor of the occasion, there was no one to hear them ex cept me. And I wish — I wish I hadn't heard them. It might have been better for us all. But I hated her, in my way, which wasn't much, for so long as I got a glass of liquor, I cant say I had much bad feeling for anyone. Still I had a sore about the way she'd cut me, and it gave me a sort of pleasure to hear her quarrelling with him. I suppose it's natural. So I heard her accusing aud threatening hhn; and bitter words she used, very bitter ; but tliov were trnth. and that made them the more galling. Now and then he'd speak, and I shook in my shoes for fear he'd know I was round. I crept a bit closer, and getting be hind a stump, watchad them. He was sitting by the table looking as black as a thunder cloud — you know how black he can look, Prudence ?' ' Don't I !' was the interrogative reply of Prudence, as she hastily put by the untasted glass. ' Well, by-and- by, it seemed as if he could stand it no longer. He stood up looking so terrible, that I felt a could sweat breaking out all over me, and I shook like a leaf — as I do now. ? Stop this talk,' said he, ' I've had enough of you and I am resolved never to see you again. If it wasn't for the law I'd kill you.' 'Do,' says your mother; 'I'd sooner be dead than live as I do now. But if you leave me, you shall never marry another woman. You've told me your past life, and the world will know it to-morrow.' You aught to have seen hhn then. If ever I saw a devil in human shape it was Hector at that moment.' It was terrible to see Jack just then. His face was pale, his eyes flashed with excitement, his breast heaved and fell. At last the long wished for revelation was at hand. ' He stood stock still for a few minutes,' continued Bunukum, ' and then he said bet ween his teeth : ' Fool I was to trust a woman !' For a bit, he seemed to hesitate ; but all at once he made a rush at Janet and caught hold of her by the throat. O ! the dreadful things that followed. I heard her give one cry, then there was a sound of struggling. When I looked again he was kneeling over her. She never moved. He got up and turned his face towards me.' Jack's emotions could not be controlled. He sprang up, his face flushed, his eyes darting fire. ' Peace, peace,' said the minister, ' Delay not the confession that seals the doom of the murderer.' But it was not until Bertha took his hand in hers and soothed him, that Jack was quieted. Then he sank upon a chair and burst into tears. The picture of his mother's murder was more than he could bear. It was as he had so long thought. ' That face !' cried Bunukum, himself now dreadfully excited, ' I've never forgotten that face. It was not the face of a living man — it was the face of a corpse. He glanced once more at your mother, and rushed out of the tent. I don't know how it was ; just then I lost my head and jumped up. He saw me at once. I felt as if I,d been turned into stone. Up he came, his eyes afire. * You saw all this ? I couldn't speak ; I dropped down on my knees. ' I will kill you too,* he said hi an -vot£h1 voice, and he caught me by the throat, but I found tune to cry out ' Hector, don't loll me ; I'll never say a word about it. I've been your true friend, and I'll always be. You were provoked to do it.' He stopped' then, and I pleaded in every way I knew, for when your life's at stake and you see a chance of escaping being euchred, your tongue loosens a bit, and mine was always ready. So, after a while he seemed to change, and especially when I told him I had as much right to be annoyed at Janet as he had.' Jack made a frenzied movement. 'Now, now, my3»boy,' said Bunakum, ' don't be rash ; consider the peril I was in. God knows I'd never harm Janet; I never harmed anyone but myself. So he made me swear a terrible oath ; and there and then pro mised never to see me without money. And he's faithfully performed that promise. But I don't want his money now. I've had enough of it. The more I got, the more harm it did me; I never kept it. When I knew death was coming I couldn't rest until I had told all, and to you, Jack. Janet would come every night to my bedside, and there she would remain, until I had promised to speak out. But -when the day came I always went back on it. Then she would come with hun dreds of horrible beings and make me promise again. And she's been here to night, up to the very time I finished. Now she is gone, and with her all the horrors. I feel better now, better, better 1' It was very easy to see, however, that the temporary excitement which had borne hhn up was dying away. Imagination had so far tormented hhn by calling up terrible images, but now that he had lifted a load off his mind she let him rest. ' Is that all down in black and white?' asked Bunakum, faintly. 'It is,' replied the magistrate. 'Now sign.' Bunakum signed. It was a strange signa ture. At his best he never pretended to write a good hamV; hut the caligraphy on this occasion was more than ordinarily hiero glyphieaL ' You've not explained,' said Jack, ' how Bridget O'Began and her husband became mixed up hi the affair.' Bunakum winced. ? ' ' Hector's iears alone made them danger ous,'saidhe; 'Bridget O'Regan saw us coming from the direction -of Janet's place, and of course had she said all she could have said the circumstantial evidence would have been strong. But you know them times, -Jack. We gave a good explanation to our friends about Bridget's seeing as and they arranged to give the old couple a few shiners to keep them quiet. But it was a bad investment ; for they never ceased to persecute Hector afterwards, and though he told them they ?' knew nothing, yet he always gave them money. About their death I'd sooner say nothing; it's about the only thing that weighs heavy on me. I could have saved them.' ' I feel so easy now,' said Bunakum, ' and you, Prudence, can bear witness to a greal deal more.' ' That I can,' was the ready *eply-_ 'He rehearsed the scene often enough in his dreams by my side. A small drop old man ?' ' Yes, yes, Fm tired out,' said Bunakum, taking a glass ; but it fell from his nerveless ?hand.. Prudence put another glass to his lips and he drained it off. 'Jack,' said Bunakum, in a low voice; 'you're young yet. Take an old man's ad vice and never taste a drop of drink. You see what it has brought me down to. You know I might have been rich, respected and happy, only for my fondness for drink. Don't be lazy : that's the father of all that's bad.' Jack did not reply ; he was thinking of the course he would, adopt to bring Hector Macinnis to justice. TTik lofty position would prove an obstacle, for who would believe such a terrible accusation against so eminent a man ; especially when the principal accuser was a half lunatic drunkard. He was aroused from his reverie by a cry. from Bunakum. ' I bdie%Te I'm going,' said he ; ' it seems as if I was all water, and I'm sure I haven't taken much of that stuff.'} ' Shall I pray ?' asked the minister. 'If you like,' said Bunakum. 'The lights arc going out fast, and the drive's getting very dark. I see a lot of people. There's Harry, and Jim and Joe, all dead years gone by. Look out boys ; the old man's going home to. meet you. He's lived in Grit until everyone's forgotten hhn. But you know me, old friends, old pals, hi the great digging days when gold was plentiful. It's mighty dark, though, and the bar is hard, very hard — all sandstone. Miners of Grit the old man's going home! home! and the tyrant will have it all his own way, up in his pleasant palace on the hill. Strike, men of Grit! Strike hard! the rock's going! there's the light of the candles. Ah! Is this the Reef?' And Bunakum was dead. There was one person who did not witness his death, Prudence Macinnis had slipped out of the room unobserved. 