HORTICULTURAL NOTES. The weather in England to the end of the third week of July had continued unseason ably cold and wet; so abnormal had been its character that spring flowers, such as poly anthuses and primroses, had made a second spring growth and a second blooming, instead of going to rest and losing most of their leaves as they usually do in England daring the height of summer. Small fruits were un usually plentiful, judging from the immense supplies forwarded to Covent-garden market For the market on July 15 one railway alone (the South- Eastern) brought 104 railway-truck loads of gooseberries, currants, raspberries, and cherries from the stations between Ash ford and Tunbridge alone. What came from the Maidstone and other districts is not known,, but ths Saturday in question was one of the heaviest days ever known in Covent garden; the railway vara commencing to arrive Bhortly before midnight, and the un loading not being finished until 1 p.m. The South-Eastern Company brought into London from the 8th to the L5th of July an average of 200 tons per day. Prices were well main tained (nntil the large jam factories had ob. tained their supplies ; after that they eased a little. The York Gala is one of the best-managed and most profitable flower Bhows in Great Britain^ The balance-Bheet of the event held on Jane 14,15, and 16 showed that £1.40614s. fid. was taken at the gates, and that £37617e. fid. was derived from other sources of income, making a total of £1,78312s. Id. for the year. The sum of £576 9s. was paid as prizeB and jndeet' fees, £142 14a. 4dL for music, and £276 lfis. 4d. for tents, Ac. The society has now. £1,679 fie. In investments and in its banker's hands, and within a month of the date of- the exhibition every claim upon the society was paid—a model for horticultural societies on this side of the globe. Another hybrid Tacaonia has been raised. Mr. Smythe, at Swing-park Gardens, Alton, bad, in !Jnly, 1882, a seedling plant four feet high, and showing flowers, raised from seeds ■own In March, 188L The new hybrid is raised between T. Exoniensis as the seed parent and T. insignia as the pollen parent. T. Exonlensis is itself a hybrid between T. | Volxemii and T. mollimitna, eo that the new* comer may be expected to exhibit the cha- J meter is tics of all three. A suggestion is made to hybridists to direct their attention to the miring of hardy tacsoniaa. Paseiflora ccernlea, although a native of southern Brsxil, is hardy near London. This ahould lendenconragement to experimenters. ' A cut of Phileaia bnxifolia, a relative of it^ Lapegerios, is given by the Gardener's G&ontde;, not because the plant is new, but : ghosting trhat a fine thing imsttgiowii. it Is anative of the " ;|f Bototh America, and there* Mema.lem likrir to noosed . than the Lapkgsria. It ir, 1100—d grandly In ths ■IBbf florum is a new species which bad lately produced its first flowers in England. " Unshaded Orchids at York Nnrseries" is the title of a report on orchid- growing at York Nurseries, the property of Messrs, Backhouse, who for many years past have pursued a line of treatment differing widely from that given at other establishments. Orchids are treated by this firm in much the same way as other plants. At first a few hardy species were made subjects of experi ment ; by degrees an increased number of species were tried; more light was given, and lees atmospheric moisture; the amount of shade was reduced, nntil it was dispensed with altogether where rough plate-glass was used, and also in three large houses« 100ft long by 30ft wide, containing most of the orchids that were considered to require an intermediate temperature. The effect has been highly beneficial in every instance. " Amongst Csttleyas and Lielias, which are present in the largest quantities, are numbers of C. Trianse, many of them in the shape of masses four feet across; C. Trianse Back houseana, a very large and fine form, three feet in diameter; C. Warneri, C. specios Bissima, C. Daweoni, grand masses of C. San deriana, C. guttata, with immense bulbs; C. crispa, C. Skinnerit; which has had from teu to twelve flowers on a spike; and C. superba splendenB, finer in colour than the old variety; C. Mendelii and C. Mossise, in plenty. There is a plant of the latter variety that has had two seasons in this unshaded house, and when we saw it it was bearing Bix spikes, four of which had four flowers each, and the other two five flowers apiece. We doubt much if another specimen bearing an equal number of flowers on as many spikes could be found amongst all the shaded Cattleya MoBBims in the kingdom. Laflia legans and L. purpnrata in quantity, eome forty masses of the latter being from three to four feet each in diameter; a single spike was carrying seven flowers—a condition indicative of the strength of the plant" It appears to ns that the old Engliah practice of submitting tropical and semi tropical orchids to a close, steaming heat in a darkened house is founded on a miscalcula tion of conditions. The amount of sunlight in England is never greater than that pre vailing in the forests of Brazil and Borneo— the native habitats of many of the species it must be, as Australians know, much less, and this does not appear to have occurred to the gardeners in the " tight little island." They have afforded their orchids protection agaiDSt the very condition that would have helped to assimilate the climate of English hot-houses to that of their native habitat. The Chronicle hears that there are more orchid-growers now following Messrs. Back honBe'elead in growing many Bpecies without, or all but without, shade; a list of over €0 species is given that are succeeding thoroughly under full exposure to the sun. This change in the Byslem of culture will do much towards rendering orchids more popular amongst amatear gardeners of limited means Our contemporary acknowledges receipt from Dr. Paterson of " a glorious spike of Cattleya Warneri, with a double spathe and three flowers eome nine inches across in longest diameter, eep≤ reflexed, lanceolate, pale rosy lilac, petals shortly stalked, ovate lanceolate wavy, lip trumpet-shaped wavy, with the throat merged with golden rays, and the anterior part rich violet; also flowers of Disa grandiflora, and the variety superba, the latter well named from the very rich crimson-scarlet colonr of the lower sepals.' Let the Horticultural Society of Victoria note the following" In a letter dated Tiflis, which appears in the GarUn-Zeitung, H Scharer refers to some Asiatic fruits as ' delicious things that are not yet known to anybody in Europe.' They consist of two varieties of pear, two of peach, and four of grape. Grafts of nearly all of these varieties have been sent to Berlin." A miniature double white tuberous begonia j ia the subject of an illustration in the Gardener'* Chronicle. The plant ia dwarf, but the blooms are by no means small. Growers have been addressing themselves to the task of dwarfing these begonias, and have succeeded in doing so. At the nursery of Messrs. Laing and Co., at Forest-hill, the culture of tuberous begonias has mads an immense advance. One house 40ft. and another 90ft. long are filled with them. The plants show extraordinary health and vigour, bnt the improvement in size, substance, and colour is even greater. The Bhow of the Northern section of the National Carnation and Pico tee Society was held on the 25th July, at South Kensington. As florists' flowers these here no standing in Australia; points, in fact, are almost un known to horticulturists; strictly speaking, perhaps, we have no florists—certainly none of the old English school. Mr, Tomer, of Slough, was the first in stands of 24, Mr. Douglas second. Mr. Dodwell is still advancing in quality, and has. perhaps, no superior as a cultivator. Ordinary horti cultural exhibitions had been rather numerous; the chief one was held at the Agricultural-hall, Islington. It was opened on the 24th July, and would remain open *Mk; was chiefly, however, an exhibition of hothouses, frames, boilers, heating apparatus, and other hm- tiffi'tnrgl requisites which can hardly be said tooonsti tuts a horticultural exhibition, u Th® .»Hli"n"town Horticultural Society -PhWfhed .the schedule of prizes for its spring exhibition. Tbisevent hue been fixed for Wednesday and Thursday, the 8th and 9th of November. The society's schedule la more than snjndemented by the spatial prize-list, the most valuable priest being found In the latter. There are 10 of these for plants, "open to all comersnine for Pol plants grown by amateurs; and 10 for S? wasteur. only; The funds for tfoj aocietyVprfze-lUt m supplemented, fey 20 donations. Entries must be mads not later than the 4tit of! November, 