VICTORIAN CATHOLIC YOUNG MEN'S SOCIETY. MBLBOUBNE BRANCH. A lecture was given to the members of this branch and their friends, on Wednesday evening, by Dr. Moloney, " On Some of the Bangers of Education ;" the president, Mr. P. Moloney, in the chair. The lecture was received with frequent marks of applause, and, at its conclusion, the Rev. Father Heffernan, in a highly eulogistic Speech, moved a vote of thanks to the talented lecturer. This was seconded by Mr. F. Edwards, and enthusiastically carried. A vote of thankB to the chairman terminated the proceedings. The anniversary of this society will he celebrated by a social, confined exclusively to members and their lady friends, on Monday evening, the 4th inst.; refreshments will be provided. During the evening dancing will be interspersed with songs and recitations by some of the prominent members. ' [We shall hare the pleasure of giving a report of the lecture next week—ED. A.] RICHMOND BBANCH. This'branch held its usual meeting on Monday, the 27th November. In the unavoidable absence of the president, Bro. J. Mullally was voted to' the chair. Mr. W. Donnelly was admitted to membership, and one new candidate proposed. The editor read the magazine, which contained the following articles:—" Editorial," " A Criti cism on the Editor and; his Contributors by •An Urbane Critic," . Fainter, and tie Ghost,"" and " An Essay on the Benefits of Total Abstinence." Several members criticised the artioles, and the editor was hi|;Uy periodical. ^J^te^KattHtonnal hail been disposed of, the meeting -closed as usual *ith prayer. . EHJSUXD HILL BRANCH. A singing and elocution contest wes held on Monday evening, in SS. Peter and Paul's Schoolroom, by the members of this branch, lor prizes which were kindlv presented by M. Larkin, Esq. Mr. Nicholson acted as chairman. A large number of friends of the members were present, and seemed to thoroughly appreciate the programme. Mr. O Hea, on behalf of the judges, announced the following decision: — Singing, Mr. DM, 1st, and Mr. M'Farlane, 2nd prizes. Elocution, Mr. Carroll, 1st, and Mr. Jas. Nunwi, 2nd prizes. A vote of thanks to the chairman brought the proceedings to a close. 