DEATH OF TWO EMINENT COLONISTo. A Stdkbt telegram received just ns wo wero going to press yesterday announced the decease of the Hon. W. Forster, M L A., and the Hon. Sir William Macarlhur, M.L.O., two eminent colonists nnd members of tho legislature of ii ew South Wales. Mr. Porster was 64 years of age, and his death was very sudden and, quite ^unexpected ; but Sir William, who had nearly attained his 82nd year, had been ailing for some time past, and his demise did not occa sion jmuch surprise. The following briof biographies of tho departed gentlemen are from, tho ' Australian Dictionary of Dates ' : — ' Hon. William Porster was born at Madras in 1881, came to Australia when ho was about cloven yeurs of age. Like many of tho public men of this colony, ho was a pupil of W. T. Cape. At an early ago he entered into squat- ? ting pursuits. Whilst so occupied he din nob neglect litornture. About tho time that Mr. Robertson was acting as tho delegate of tho squatters, and appealing to the Govornorfor redress, Mr. Forster wrote a.satire having tho same end in view, -which ho published in tho Atlas newspaper under tho title of ' The Devil and the Governor.' In this piece ho displayed his power of using stinging words. Mr. Forster ? also wroto a satiro entitled 'Tho Genius and the Ghost' — a dialogue betweon tho genius of Sydnoy and tho ghost of trans portntion. During ? tho Crimean war he wrote u sonnet in more solemn strain, on national grandeur and decay. But his genius for satiro has -been more allied with the logic and elo quence of public orations than with the art of versification, in which he has shown that ho can excel. Shortly aftor the introduction of responsible government, Mr. Porster made him self known to the people of this country as a loader in parliamentary conflicts. At different times ho represented Jtast Sydnoy, St. Leonards, )-ho Hastings,- Queanbeyan, lllawnrra, and Murrumbidgce. Prom the time of ,his entering Parliament Mr. Forafcer was a keen critic of the Cowpcr administration. Agreeing with that administration in political priuciples, ho was evoron tho alert to detect inconsistency in thoir practices. When tho Education ques tion came on, the denominational tendencies of Mr. Connor's scheme offered an opportunity for attack. That Government was defeated, and Mr. Porstor was entrusted with the work of forming a Ministry. He associated with himself Mr. John Black (as Minister for Lands), Mr. Saul Samuel (as Treasurer), Mr. G. Eager (as Minister for Works), Mr. E Wise (afterwards Judge of the Supreme Court, as ? Attornoy- Gonoral), and Mr. . J. if. Hargruve (no 17 ; Mr. Justice Hargravo, as Solicitor Gonoral). This Ministry was defeated on their Uppor Houbo Jtloqtoral Bill, and rotired in March, 1860. Mr. Porster: has not since that time been at the head of an administration, although the opportunity of taking that posi tion was offered to him in May, 1872, when the Martin Ministry was defeated on tho Border Duties question. Ho was Colonial Secretary in Mr. Martin's first Ministry, and Secretary for Lands in Mr. Bobortson'o second Ministry. From February 9, 1875, to February, 7, 1876, ho was Colonial 'Jrousurer in the Hobortson , Ministry, and t on that date was appointed i gentjGenoralfor the colony of New South Wales resident in London. Mr. Porstor's tulonts have been phieily displayed in opposition. In the strength and culture of hia logical powers ho ?was forsmost in Parliament, t-inco his resi dence ; in England he has published two or three poetical .works, notably '?U.'he Weirwolf,' — : a tragedy' ? -.' Mr.Forstor, on boing superseded in the'oiflce of Agent-General by the Hon. haul oumucl, who wns appointed by the present Government, returned to the colony, and ro-eutored Parlia ment as mombor for Gundigui, which constitu ency he continued to represent up to tho time of his death. ' ' ' Hon. Sir William Mnearthur, Knt., M.L.C., wns born- -at Parramatta in December, 1800. In 180f) he and his brother James wero tuken by their father to England for their education. ?Thby returned !in'-1817; Mr. Manai thur ? was elected to the Legislative1 Council'from 1849 to 1856,; but'baB principally doyoti'd, himself to '* agricultural pursuits'; an'd 'has ^ taken' littlo part \ in politics. In 1854 ho , was appointed a Com- ^ missione'r to 'renresont'tho'Votoriyat tho Paris ? ., Exulb)tion of tlie following year. At tlio close !of 'the! Exhibition ho rfecwvfi'd.'ltjio.' fto'nbur;of ' ' knighthood and' Hie decoration' of, Vho'Legion of Honour. ? Sir William returned, to' the iq'ibny [in November, 185?.-' In lSGl'he'exerted bimsolf in collecting for .tlio London Exhibition of 1862, and procoedod to ' England, but'de-' ' clined tho appointment' of : Assistant'' Commis eionor. I He returned to the colony in March, 18Ci, and was npp'oihted to a seat in tho Legis lativt) Council.' . ! ? ' ; 