TALES AND SKETCHES, A CHRISTMAS LOVE BY GEO. MANVILLE FENN. (Continued). "I cannot, " was the hoarse hopeless reply. " Lot tho dogs Bhoot ino. sweot, I can do no no more, anu I siiail die with my last looks fixod upon anangol." "No, no, for pity's salco," I gaspod. " Now, iity, ury. J3ub thoro was only tho samo hopeless look for answor to my appeal ; and to my horror as I clung to hiin,lHnw that bo was so numbed and helpless, that ho was slowly slipping back, I can hardly tell how I found tho strength, but half maddened with horror, as I heard tho sound of tho luou coining with a fresh ladder, I lwined my arms round hiin as he was fast sinking back, and raising him a littlo muro and a littlo raoro I finally dragged him through thu opon window into tho room, to fall heavily upon the boards marked with the old blackened stains. Hastily pushing away tho suow from tho window, I roinovcd nil othor traces that I could, and closod tho casement, to stand pant- ing with my oxortion, and wondering what I should do. "You must not slay thoro," I whispered thoy may como nnd look iu at tho window, aud if so yon aro lost." I felt tho folly of my words, for I know that if thoy caino on to tho roof, thoy would pro bably soo tho marks bonoath the wiudow, and if thoy climbed up and gazed in thoro would bo snow marks enough fallou from tho cava lier's clothes, and — horrible 1 1 shuddorod as I ga/.od — the efforts mado had caused a wound to rq-commenco bleeding,and thoro wero voritablo blood stains now upon tlio floor. In obedience to my words, howovor, and Eftrtly helped by mo, ho half crawlod, was alf dragged to tho corner where no one could seo, and I thon hastily pulled an old .pioco or two of furniture closo to tho window, covor- ingtbo stains npon tho boards. rhon listening, I heard tho ruBtling mado by tho men outside, who bad roachod tho roof, sovoral haying dimbod thoro, and crawlod about, ono it seemed falling headlong as ho slipped ovor tho ivy, and probably destroy ing tho traces made by tho fugitive, for thoy did not scorn to havobuen found. As tho minutes passod I began to brcatho again moro frooly, and looking at the fugitive, Icouldsco that llo was lyiug luotioulctis with half dosed eyes. Stealing out of tlio room and locking tho door behind me, I crept down stairs, aud securing a bottlo of strong waters and a piece of bread, I onco moro hurriod up to the room, when to jny horror I found somo ono standing listening tnere in tho dark pnstiago. To go back was impossible, and I could not jmss, but stood thoro trembling, till the dark figure turned sharply round, and I saw it was my father. He starcdatmo as I Btood thoro motionless and dotcctod, and thon drawing mo forward nnd opening a door so as to admit tho light ho exclaimed with a look that told mo ho sur mised all. "Tho ghost is moving, child." I did not answer, but stood trembling, for a fitorn and angry look seemed to como into bis eyes, but only to fade away and givo placo to a pleasant and benignant smile. "Is thoghost a Royalist at heart, my child?" ho said at last,t seeming tho whilo to bo listepingto tho voices outside. g Still I could not answor, but stood gazing at him, .wondering whether ho was angry with ino or no, for I knew that to harbor a Royalist was now a deadly sin. " I'm going down stairs, Letty," ho said at last, " for my oyes aro vory bod to-day, and I cannot sco — I soo nothing— nothing at all ; but bewaro of the ghost, my child, for thoro are ovil spirits os 'woll as good, and my darling child is my all in all." I gavo a sob as I threw ono arm round his nock and kissed him. "pod bless you, littlo ono ! "ho whiaperod ; "it is nn act of Christmas lovo. God savo tlio king ! " "God savo the king, father," T answered wish throbbing heart, and tho noxt moment I was alone. Ciiai'trr V.— A Lib for Love. As ho descended I unlocked tho door, cropt in, and rolocked it bofore hastening to the cor- nor and placing the refreshments boforo my gUOBt, ' I will bring more soon," I whispered, "and coverlids. But eat and drink," For answor ho turned his groat grey ayos upon me wistfully, smiled, and closed them onco again with a weary sigh, .. Placing my band upon his breast I started at its colduoss, whilo tho pulsation scorned feoblo in the oxtroino. Thon knowing that I must act if I wished to savo his life, Ilotafow drops of the Nantes spirit brought to Rya by the smugglers of our parts full between his pArtoJ hps, and as ho made feeble ofifurts to , swallow them, I trickled in moro and moro. g By degroos he revived slightly, then with a sigli ho gazed full ntmo in a vacant manuor, tui at lust a look of recognition beamed from his groat wistful'oyes, and raising hia arms ho passed them round my neck, as I bont down closo to him. "Kiss mo, my child," ho whispered faintly, and my faco began to glow, and my heart boat; " It is ovor — I ain spout— dying," "No.no," I whispered baok, placing my arm beneath his head, and trickling a few more drops between his lips, " Heavon bless you !" ho said, with a woary sigh. "The kuuvos have dogged mo to my douth." " There was a pause, and trembling and awe-stricken, I drew him closer to mo, trying to impart some warmth to tho icy form, whoa bo again closed his eves. "A true woman," he mattered — "an angel of pity and — 01), heaven, is this death ? Josu, — nave mercy — bloss this sweot saint j!" His hood sank back, nnd I felt ready to shriek for holp, but I know that it would morely summons his oxecutionersi and letting -a few more drops fall botweon his lip3, i hastily chafed his bauds, and bathed his forehead with tho strong waters ; but there was no response to my care, and at last I gazed down tremb ling nud ead-r- gazingon tho placid white face .with rovorcnco.as I thought of thoso who loved him— mother— sisters— porhap3 wifo or his be trothed, and with tho hot tears raining down from my oyes, I bent lower, till my lips rested upon his palo forohoad.from wbioh I swept the dank blood-stained curls. So young— so handsome— and hia crimo ? Merely that ho was faithful to tho king, his master, Poor proscribed, hunted Royalist, my sym pathies in thdt short time had grown so stroug with tho pity near akin to lave, that I was ready to dare all now in his dcfenco,not know ing thon how soon I should be called upon to act. My hand bad torn opon hisdoublot, nnd was pressed now upon bis breast. Yes, his heart still boat— yes, more strongly ; and with rising hopes I trickled a fow moro drops of tho Nantes botwoon his lips, when I started, for thoro was a heavy step upon tbo stairs— yes, a 1 heavy martial stop, which camo into the pass age ; and I was creeping away toliaton, whon tno cavaliorV. oyes unclosed, nnd glancing eagerly down I saw that ho too heard the step. M Sweet," bo whispered, " you have saved \- me but to die. Thoy are coming now. Good tyo. Hemombor Philip Lee. Thoy gain a sorry victory after all. God savo tbo iCing !" HiB oyes closed once more, and ho lay as if dead as the stop pausod at tho door, and I ran across tho room to press my hand angrily against the panel and koop it tast« " Open this door," said my brother, stornly. , Then thoro was a pause, during which I could hear my hoart throbbing as if it would burst its prison. " Open this door," ho criod again, and as I made o Toply, I hoard tho noiso as of a stool- clad shoulder pressed against it ; tho lock orackod, thoro was a loud splintering noise, and I was driven backwards as tho door flow open, nearly falling to tho ground, but rocovor- isg myself to faco my angry brother. " As I suspocted," ho exclaimed, glancing from mo to tho wouuded man ana back. " Lotty, my froward sister, thiscomc3 not of your mother's teaching. That man is Sir Philip Leo, for whom, dead or alive, fivo . hundred pounds aro ofTorodl You foolish girl, to undennino tho roputation of your brother, and your own. But thoro, tho hawk has ontcrod tho dovecote and beon winged. Below thoro. Barnoby— Bar--" "Stop :" I half shrieked, asI struck my hand across his lips. For in thoso brief moments of agony I saw a bravo young cava lier thrown helpless across a torse, to be lod off to an iguouiiuious death, and for what ? 1 could not boar it, and in my fnntic ex citement I clung to my brother, as he turned upou wo in wonder. " Aro you mad, Lotty ?" he cried. u No," I cried, " but I shall bo, if you hurt a bair of his head." " Folly" ho oxclaimod, trying to shake mo off, " tbo man is an onomy, and," ho added bitterly, " ho must die. " '"No, no," I panted, " he is no onomy— he is my lover. I am to bo his wifo." alspoko, ahtvmqfasod ftufl wUdt X brolce from my brother, . and threw. mynctf.on my knees bosido the man to save whom I hod uttered this falsehood, while my brothor stood as if potrifiod, gazing at me agh&ib;, and thon, turning hastily away, ho loft the room. ' I could not raise my head for vory slumo,. and I didnot see him go, but oroiiohed thoro with beating hoart, listening for his return with tho armed mon. But no ; minute aftor r.iinuto passed, then; quite an hour, aud then there was tho jingln of arms, tho dull snow-mtifilod tramp of; horses foot ; a sharp order in my brother's voicp. Tlio sounds grow more and moro distant, then gradually died away, seemed as if re-' turning, and then fchero was tho faint neigh ing of a horso, and allwuH'silont. It scorned an ago as I crouched thcra, liitcn-. ing, till the sun began to oliiuo through tho window, and its bright rays woro like tho harbingors of hope as I wailed forth tlio one woid "Saved !" and buried my luce in my hand. " lie is my lovor, I am to bo his wife," was whispered faintly by ray side j and I started back in horror and shame. "No, no," I criod. "It was a lio. I Mod to savo your lifo and I looked with burning; cheeks at the man who lay helpless by my side ' and gazing trustfully in my face. "No lio, Sweet," no whispered, "true words my darling, if you will let it bo so;" and as he Rpoko ho feobly drew my hand tohia lips, and held it thoro. "No lio, littlo no," ho raur murrod, "hut a declarator hat must havo been hoard above. God grant me lifo to" claim you, for I sworo that if I lived it should bo truo." jMy hand foil from his grasp, as in the faintest whiBper ho said those words; and then for a space ho gavo no sign of lifo, wlfi'ol' gazed from ono to tho otlier as in a droa for my father had entered tho room with my mothor, and ehe, with all hor matron'? skill', bound up our visitor"-: wounds, tending him after as sho would have tended nor own son, and ho was our only ChriBtunw guest. Fever and his wounds led him togothor closely along tho edgo of that dark gulf that all must cross nliko ; but as tho now yoar be gan to dawn tho patient nursing boro fruit, and wo know that he would livo ana ;livoho did, tooscapo by my father's aid in & fishing lugger across tho seas, from whonco, time after time, wo hoard news of him ; and then for years thoro was silenco,asgreat and striking chnngeo woro wrought in tbo land. I was growing pale and thin,u >?ie asked mo why, but still I hoped, and at last nno Christ- inas Eve again, when tho snow was deop on the ground, I sat thinking alono, lafo in tho' afternoon, by the ruddy light of tho burning logs. Drc&ms; of the past— of that eventful year— camo thick and fast, and a fooling of sadness camo over mo as tlio hopes that I had matured seemed to bo dying away, when sud donly— -I had beard no otoj>— a dark shadow seomcd to bo leaning ovor mo and I dared not move. Thoro was no chilly feolingjof horror, no sonso- of dread ; but a kind of joyous oxcitomont thrilled rao, and I could nob stir lost I should brook tho charm, whon a rustling noise was heard bohiud my chair, a heavy cloak fell to tho ground, a plumed hat was dashed upon tho ftooiyand I was claspod in arms that bold mo a willing prisoner, as the lips near mine whis- percd my own old words. "He is my lover — I am to bo his wifo." At that moment alight flashed into tho darkonod room, and my mothor and fathor entered to start back in surprise. "Sir Phillip Lee," oxclaimod my mothor, " bnck horo." "Yos, madumowith his promiscdwifo." " Sir Phillip Leo back in Englaud?" " Yes, Master Nugent, with his Majosty, who dosiros nothjng bettor than to sea you, and grant such favors as you ask." "My wifo has one — I none," said my fathor, "And that?" "I know," I said. "Tlio safoty of my bro thor when tho King comes home." "For that I'll auswor," he roplied. And now for a happier Christinas than I've known for yoars. I ask no leave, good mother — sweet Baving Puritan," ho said, kiBaing hor tondcrly, "uor of you, my stout Royolist father; neithor do I ask it of you, sweot littlo saint, who gavo mo lifo when I was dying, and mado yourself my wife. Master Nugonfc, tho timos havo kept us divorced, but now to all tbo world this is my dearest partner and my wifo— my Lady Lee." And my fathor criod, as ho grasped his hand thcuand again and ngain over tho festive glass, "God save tho King 1" whilo I, in modest thankfulness, blessed my lob and my Christmas Love. 