Published every Saturday. Labor Omma Vincit. SATURDAY, MAY 27, 1882. PaovFssoR HUXLEY says that "the "chief thing or quality which distin " guishes man from the lower animals " is the power he possesses to draw." TLere can be no doubt this attainment and its cultivation in man is a dis tinctive characteristic of the high order of his intelligence. And there can certainly be no question but that this art and study perhaps more than any other trains the mind, and calls into fullest exercise those faculties of the senses whereby a taste for the beautiful and excellent is engendered - thus resulting in an enjoyment and pleasure perhaps derivable from no other study. The mere question, however, of the individual happiness derivable from the art is but the smallest outcome- the knowledge of form, perspective, the harmony of color, the cultivation of design, and the bringing into use and ornament of the inimitable things in nature, and thus making them conducive to the wants and pleasures of life- these are the direct results-and the know ledge thus acquired by the youth of the land makes our trained artisans, mech anics, and workmen. We have been led to the asove remarks through the excellent work being done by the various schools of design throughout the colony, and the exhibition of the work of the pupils now displayed in the Town Hall, Fitzroy. We are sure that nothing could give more pleasure to those who are interested in these schools, and the cultivation of the minds of the rising generation, than a visit to these exhibits. Though many of the drawings exhibit the incipient stage of progress- yet there are many really beautiful and excellent productions which would do credit to the older and moreexperienced. Of one thing we are certain, that in the inauguration of Schools of Design and the substantial assistance afforded by the State in the laudable desire to encourage them is fully justified, of which the visitors to the Town Hall cannot but be convinced. We do augur the best results as the outcome of these efforts. We may have to wait another generation or two, but the colony will reap it by-an :.by in a more enlightened, a happier and a higher endowed and tasteful people. At the Collingwood Court yesterday, a baker named W. H. Weeding, was fined 2s. 6d. with 7s. 6d. costs, for neglecting to carry weights and scales in his cart when delivering bread. A young man-it might be said a boy-named Hutton was ordered to pay 15s." per week towards the support of his wife and child, and to find two sure ties in the sum of X25 each to obey the order of the court. He was further ordered to pay costs amounting to .1 6s. 6d. It came out in evidence that Mr. or Master Hutton had sold the household furniture, put the money in his pocket, and said Mrs. Hutton might do her best. An inquest was held yesterday morning on the body of Michael Thomas Spoor, aged 25 years, a bottle dealer, who died suddenly on Wednesday night, at the Glasshouse hotel, Gipps-street, Colling wood, by Dr. Candler, city coroner. From the evidence adduced it appears that deceased had been drinking heavily on Wednesday afternoon, but otherwise seemed to be in good health. About ten o'clock in the evening he entered the Glasshouse hotel, and whilst drinking beer commenced to use foual and obscene lInguage and became somewhat trouble some. On being cautioned he only grew worse, until some young men tried to take him home, he resisted however, and was, therefore, brought into the hotel again, where sitting down upon a form he speedily fell asleep. At about twelve o'clock he suddenly fell from the form and died almost immediately. Dr. John Holden Webb had made a post mortem examine tion uf the body and gave it as his opinion that deceased died from sanguineous apoplexy, probably caused by excessive use of intoxicating liquor. A verdict was re turned in accordance with the medical evidence. Messrs. Crews and Arkle advertise a sale of building property in Northoote at three o'clock this afternoon. Mr. J. W. Meaden has added another td his triumphs literary, having been awarded' first prize for an essay on the "Life of the Queen of England," given in honour of Her Majesty's birthday. The Simpson's-road fire brigade has been showing up well at the demonstration having won the ladder and hose contest, and the hose practice for sir men, besides being only 2 secs. behind the Carlton brewery for the Britannia challenge cup. On Thursday evening a fire broke out in a small weatherboard cottage in Duke street, off Simpson's-road, Collingwood, oc cupied by a man named Hatfield. The Simpson's-road and other brigades were promptly in attendance and prevented the flames from spreading to the adjacent tenements, but the house was totally con sumed. As the family were all absent at the time, it is not known how the fire originated. A most disastrous fire broke out at the Government Printing Office, on Wednesday, at about 11 o'clock; and owing to the hold it obtained before being discovered, a large portion of the establishment was gutted before the flames were subdued. The da mage is estimated at £20,000, which is, for tunately, covered by insurance. The Col lingwood Union Brigade reaped golden honours by its activity and pluck under dangerous circumstances. Advance Smith-street ! — We are given to understand that a block of land, corner of Rose and Smith streets, of about two acres, given by J. M. Smith, Esq., some twenty five years ago, as an endowment to the Church of St. Mark's parish, has been nearly all let on a twenty-one years' lease, for manufacturing purposes, and will shortly be occupied thus transforming what was once a dismal and pestilential swamp to a place of business and activity. There are only about two lots we are told, unlet, which will soon command tenants in this busy thoroughfare, especially if Cr. M'Mahon can persuade the Government to have the railway station on the land ad- joing. The new police magistrate, Mr. Alley, is determined that the constables shall be upheld in the exercise of their duty and has intimated his intention of sending all cases of assault to a jury, and his determin- ation to deal most rigorously with all users of obscene and filthy language, by which he will merit the approval of all right-thinking persons. In his zeal, how- ever, the worthy magistrate goes almost a little too far, if his remarks at the Colling- wood Court on Tuesday are to be under- stood literally. He said: "If a civilian be walking on one side of the street and a constable tells him to go and walk on the other side, or in the middle of the street, the civilian is bound to do as he is told." This assertion was rather too far-fetched and a general look of astonishment was observed on the countenances of the court habitues. It is rather strange that the men who were reported in our columns last week as missing from their respective homes at Preston and Heidelberg, should both have been found drowned. As stated in another paragraph, White's body was found on Sunday in the Merri-creek, and on Wed- nesday the body of Jas. Dawson, of Heidel- berg, was discovered floating in the Salt- water river, at Maribyrnong, by a boat man named Thomas West. On the body, in the region of the heart, were four punctured wounds, and also another on the throat, probably self-inflicted, as Dawson was of weak intellect. On Thursday an inquest was held at the Maribyrnong hotel, when a verdict of found drowned a was returned. Death has been busy among us of late and we have now to record the death of Mr. John Edwards, the well-known solici- tor, who has been associated with Fitzroy and Collingwood for over a quarter of a century. As a citizen, he was very popu- lar; as a professional man, he displayed great abilities; and as an amateur actor, he is said to have been in his earlier days with out a rival. But unfortunately he was more kind to others than to himself and as his biographer in the Argus puts it, was no one's enemy but his own. He was a thoroughly genial man and will be missed by a large circle of friends and admirers. He died as his residence, Gore-street, Fitzroy, on Sun- day last, and was interred the following day, his remains being followed to their last resting-place by a large number of professional and municipal magnates. Many of our readers will be sorry to hear of the death of Mrs. Charles Curtis, wife of Mr. ex-councillor Curtis of Colling- wood, and for many years resident of Smith-street. The sad event took place at their marine residence Queenscliff, early last week, and her remains were brought to town on Tuesday evening, and placed in St. Mark's Church, until the following day when the funeral service was held, but in consequence of the Rev. Mr. Barlow's ill- ness, the Rev. J. Caton officiated. The late Mrs. Curtis was very greatly esteemed by all who knew her in Collingwood. Herdeath, we hear, was sudden. Mr. Curtis was the donor of the stained windows at St. Mark's, nearly thirty years ago. We have been shown a novelty in the shape of a disc. By exposure to the rays of the sun, or gas light, it becomes charged with a luminferous power as to be of service for about eight or ten hours. It is made to fit upon an ordinary chamber Scandlestick, and acts as a gallery to receive Sdroppings from the candle. While it is not sufficiently luminous to enable any persons to distinctly observe objects, yet it is enough to enable one to move about a room without fear of falling against the furniture. Candlesticks, matchboxes, &c.;, are manufactured from the same material, and can, we believe, be obtained from Messrs. Alston and Brown, Collins- street, Melbourne. Ae horrible tale is told by the Waikato Times:—" It appears that some time ago, a native woman gave birth to a child, which, of course, was claimed by the husband as his. There was another native, however, who was reputed to be the father of the child, and who, when the child was born, claimed parentage. Between him and the husband a quarrel ensued as to the owner ship, and in the squabble each seized the unfortunate infant by a leg, and did not desist until they had succeeded in pulling it completely in halves. The remains of the child were afterwards buried privately, and the horrible deed was kept quiet until Maori policemen succeeded in bringing it to light. There is also some talk about the grandfather of the infant having shot him self on hearing of the deed." A most miraculous escape from a serious accident occurred at Brunswick on Monday afternoon. A man named Darby Glynn, in the employ of Mr. Dunn, of Coburg, was driving an empty hay dray from Melbourne, and pulled up at the Retreat hotel to give his horse a drink, leaving the animal for a few moments, when it suddenly made a bolt, and although Glynn immediately rushed and seized the horse by the head he was too late to prevent a perambulator, containing three children, being capsized, resulting in serious injury to the occupants. One, a child four years of age, had its leg broken just above the ankle; another, a younger child, received a cut on the head, and is suffering from concussion of the brain, and the infant is also similarly affected through being thrown out of the perambulator. The nurse girl was thrown under the dray, and all narrowly escaped with their lives. They were conveyed to Drs. Henry and Stewart's residence were they were promptly attended to, and are progressing favorably. Sergeant O'Shan- nassy took Glynn into custody, and he was admitted to bail, himself in £100 and one surety of £50. Stolen from the person of William Shiels, Islington-street, Collingwood, sup- posed about Hoddle-street, on the 15th inst., a silver open-face waltham watch, No. 6048, "J.J.C." in monogram on shield, with silver chain attached; a gold ring, two sovereigns, and about 27s. in silver, Value of watch, £5. Mr. E. Kingston, umbrella maker, of Smith-street, Collingwood, now makes a specialty of recovering umbrellas and re- lining parasols full particulars of which are to be found in our advertising columns. The annual bowling match, New South Wales v. Victoria, came off on 17th inst. at Cook Park. A large number of specta- tors were present, and the weather was fine. The Victorians won by 34 points. Windsor captained the Victorians. The effect of the continued drought, says the Wyndham correspondent of the Age are being severely felt. Early sown fields are languishing for the want of moisture, and must certainly perish if a change is not soon experienced. Pastoral affairs are not in a better plight, the plains being almost desti- tute of verdure. The Post Office department notifies that for the future the P. and O. mail steamers will leave Melbourne for London every alternate Tuesday, at seven a.m. Ordinary letters may be posted up to 10 p.m. the previous evening, late letters bearing a fee of 3d. up to 11 p.m., and late letters bearing a fee of 6d. up to 4 a.m., or three hours before the vessel sails. James Jackson is charged, on warrant of commitment, from the Fitzroy bench, for 7 days' imprisonment, in default of pay ment of 20s., fine and costs. Description : —Carter, 19 years of age, 5 feet 7 inches high, medium build, fair complexion, brown hair, smooth face; wore drab check paget coat, while moleskin trousers, and a black soft felt hat. Peter M'Farlane (generally known as Fred) is charged, on warrant, with disobey ing a summons of the Coburg bench on the 2nd May, to answer to a charge of in Ssulting behavior. Description :—27 years of age, 5 feet 10 inches high, stout build, fair complexion, beard, whiskers and moustache; wore a grey coat, colored moleskin trousers, and drab soft felt bat. Was employed stone carting and may go to Colac. Frederick Newton is charged, on warrant with deserting his child, at Collingwood, on the 20th April. Description :—Native of New South Wales, bootmaker, 20 years of age, 5 feet 10 inches high, thin build, dark complexion and hair, heavy eyebrows, and black moustache; wore blue paget coat, light tweed trousers, white shirt with black studs. He is supposed to be about Melbourne. At the Oxford-street Literary and Debating Society on the 15th instant, Mr. Whitchell gave several extracts on astronomy, which did not appear to interest the audience very much. Mr. H. Saxton then spoke, Mr. G. Pitcher, Mr. Hackett, and Mr. Allingham following, after which Mr. Lupson enlarged on the subject. The meeting closed about 10 o'clock, when several of the members did a little star gazing. A new religious movement is now taking place among the Esthonians. The great cause of it is the dreadful misery of the Esthonian peasantry, who are a great deal worse off than the Russians, as they have a been freed by Alexander I., without any land, whilst the Great Russian peasants freed by Alexander II., kept at least a bit of land. The Esthonians have now pro- phets and prophetesses who preach and prophecy under the inspiration of the Holy Ghost. Their preachings are much more like sobs and cries than anything else. This movement has extended already over a good part of Esthonia. The births of 834 children, viz., 416 boys and 418 girls, were registered in Melbourne and suburbs during the month of March. The deaths registered numbered 592, viz., 319 of males and 273 of females; the births thus exceeding the deaths by 242. To every 1000 of the population of the district, the proportion of births was 295, and of deaths 209\. The number of persons who died at the age of 75 years or upwards was sixteen. Deaths from external causes numbered 20, of which 17 were set down to accident, 1 to homicide, and 2 to suicide. One hundred and eight deaths, or 18 per cent. of the whole, took place in public institutions. An inquest was held at the Yarra Bend Lunatic Asylum by Dr. Youl, on 17th inst. on the remains of an inmate of the in stitution, named Oswald Richardson, aged 35 years, who died on the morning of the previous day. The deceased was admitted into the asylum on the 26th April last, suffering from acute delirious mania. On the 2nd May a superficial bedsore devel- oped, and his strength became gradually impaired in consequence. On the 15th inst. he became partially paralysed, after which he gradually sank, and finally Sexpired on Monday morning. A post mortem examination was made on the body by Dr. Neild, who testified that the cause of death was abscess of the brain. The jury re- turned a verdict in accordance with the medical evidence. On Sunday last the body of the unfor- tunate man White, who was reported as missing from his home at Preston last week, was found by constable Marks float- ing in the Merri-creek, Northcote. The body was removed to the morgue, where Dr. Youl held the usual inquiry into the cause of death. Thomas Tidd, deceased's father-in-law, deposed that White left his house in Little Fergie-street, North Fitz- roy, about midnight on the 11th of the a present month, to go to his home at Pres- ton, in order that he might commence work early next morning. That he had never reached Preston, and was conse- quently reported to the police as missing, and that he had been subsequently found as above stated, the supposition being that deceased had mistaken the road home and had tumbled over the rocks into the creek, which is unfenced. Dr. C. S. Ryan testi- fied that the cause of death was drowning, and the jury returned a verdict in accord- ance therewith. George Brown is charged on warrant with deserting his wife, Harriet Brown, at Collingwood. on the 6th April. Descrip tion:—English, a commission agent, 38 years of age, about 5 feet 6 or 7 inches a high, fair complexion, dark brown hair turning grey, beard, whiskers and mous- tache; dressed in light tweed trousers, black cloth vest, and long pepper and salt a overcoat, black hard felt hat. He is sup- posed to have gone to Sydney. Stolen from the dwelling of Arthur T. Mould, 12 Palmer-street, Fitzroy, on the 11th May, a silver open-face Geneva watch, No. 62654, "A.T.M." scratched inside case, and leather and steel guard attached. Value £2 10. Stolen from the person of Robt. Strachan. 10 Islington-street, Collingwood, in the same neighborhood, on the 20th inst.. a silver lever hunting watch, maker, Allan, London. Value £8. Stolen from the person of Francis Hani-. gan, Greeve - street, Fitzroy, and Me-l bourne, on the 22nd inst., a gold lever hunting watch, heavy cases, smooth, ex- cepting shield in front, No. 2387, maker, Dyson, or Bryson, Edinburgh, on dial; with colonial gold albert, pattern-large and small links alternately attached; and a greenstone pendant. Value £26. Stolen from the stable of William M'Clelland., Ramsden-street, Collingwood, on the 11th inst., a black mare with star, branded M near shoulder; and a dark- brown mare, blaze, hind feet white, branded J.C. near shoulder. £2 reward for recovery if strayed, and £5 on conviction guaran- teed. At the meeting of the Brunswick Borough Council on Wednesday, the 17th instant, Cr. Stranger moved—" That in consideration of the length of time for which Mr. Hutchinson had been a resident and property holder in the borough, and the important and prominent pOsition which had been held by that gentleman in municipal affairs, having formerly been Mayor of the borough, a requisition re- questing the proper authorities to appoint Mr. Hutchinson as a justice of the peace for the Borough, be drawn up and pre- sented to those authorities by a deputation consisting of the whole Council." After various expressions of concurrence in the motion, and belief in the suitability of Mr. Hutchinson for the position in which it was desired to place him, the motion was carried ananimously. Stolen from Peter Lorensen, Neil's Pad- dock, Greensborough, on the 10th inst., a yellow greyhound dog, black muzzle, 8 or 9 months old, one ear cut, well-bred, answers to name of "Spring." Value £5. £2 reward on recovery and conviction. The New Zealand Times says:—" It may not be generally known that our Welling- ton fishmongers do a considerable business in the export of sharks in a cured and fresh condition. One firm—Messrs. Lawrie and Fernandos—send about ninety dried sharks to Wanganui every week, and when there is a chance of this Maori delicacy arriving in a fresh condition, it commands a high price there from the natives." The following firemen were treated at the Melbourne Hospital on Wednesday for injuries received at the fire at the Govern- ment printing office:—Frank Sanderson, aged 22 years, residing at Collingwood, suffering from a cut finger; Edward Shaw, 20 years of age, residing at Sandhurst suffering from cut fingers and burns on the hands; Thomas Francis, aged 25, residing at Nott-street, Sandridge, suffering from a gash on the left cheek. He was using a hose when the nozzle was jerked from his grasp and struck him in the face, inflicting the injuries; Charles Oliver, 25 years of age, living at Cardigan-street, Carlton, suffering from a cut finger; Joseph Jones, 20, residing at Fitzroy, suffering from a cut hand. Last week, says the Bunyip, a well-known resident of Gawler noticing that a basket of ginger ale had been left on the foothpath outside the Old Spot hotel thought that he would carry off a bottle. He did so, and put the bottle in his pocket. He had not gone above ten or twenty yards when the bottle burst, tore his trousers' pocket, and a slight injury was done to his leg, the contents running down his trousers. An eye-witness followed him and taxed him with the theft, but he denied the imputa tion, and said he only took it for a joke and intended to return it almost directly. Con sidering the injury he sustained he was allowed to go; but we trust that it will be 4 lesson to him to "keep his hands from picking and stealing" for the future, or if a oke, to refrain from such senseless practi jal jokes." The funeral of the late Mrs. E. K. Dight, whose death was announced in our last, took place on Saturday and was very largerly attended. The body was conveyed in a hearse, followed by five mourning coaches, from her late residence, 158 Gore street, to St. Mark's, when the Rev. In cumbent read the first part of the service, the organist playing " The Dead March" it was then taken to the Melbourne cemetery, and after the burial service, was deposited in the vault occupied by her husband, who died about fifteen monlths ago. On Sunday last a reference to the deceased lady was made by the Rev. Mr. Barlow, who stated that for considerably over a quarter of a century she had been a most regular attendant at church, ever ready to help the church, and never known to speak an unkind word of any one. The congrega- tions, both on Saturday and Sunday, were very large, many old friends from a dis- tance attending to testify their respect to the family who are grown up, comprising five sons, and were present at the funeral services. The Rev. Mr. Barlow preached a most excellent sermon from Heb. vi. 19-20, having reference to Ascension, and conclu- ded with some happy and appropriate thoughts, and remarked on the death of his late parishioner, who he had seen twice in church the previous Sunday in good health, but was taken ill on the eve of Ascensiontide, and after six hours' suffering expired. Mr. C. Baker, one of the early workers at St. Mark's being present, was asked as an old friend, to take surplice duty for the incumbent whose state of health was not good. His appearances for the first time in the reading desk of a church he had done so much for was a noticeable event, and at the close he received many congratula- tions and invitations from incumbent and people to make his visits more frequent. 