A Theatrical Company in a Fix.v EDWIN -BOOTH'S . company loft Now York recently for Waterbury, with the intention playing ." Richelieu " in th i evening, but lost their baggage, comprising-their wardrobe and properties, on the way. What was to bo done ? Ab Iiulf-pust 7 tho . theitre was crowded. 'Punctually to timo tho curtain, was raised, disclosing to the astonished . audi ence Mr.'Booth and the entire company in .their ordinary travelling: dress. Mr. Booth appealed to thc audience apologetically, stated briefly the situation,- and offered instead of " RicliGliu," to get through the first th reo aots of .' Hamlet," if tliey would overlook th« "trifling " iniicounioios of oostumo. The I applause' with whiali this little speech wits, I received testified bo tho good temper of the audience, and ¡ii a few minutes the play bogan. Horatio appeared in tho first scene I in a monkey-jacket and round folt hat, while i Hamlet, in a cutaway coat, apostrophising his father's ghost, who was clad in light. tweed trousers and standup collar, with u blood face, was something to remember. Miss Bella Pateman, as Ophelia, appeared in a dark brown travelling dress, embelished at the last moment with a cloud of white lace purchased in a neighbouring store. Laertes wore a blue pilot suit, and looked more like the captain of captain of a river steamer, -while Polonius looked emifenently clerical in a hlack frock coat, and, for lack of the necessary requisites, appeared without his. traditional beard. There was no possibility of " making up " for the parts, and the King of Denmark, with a dark moustache, and clad in a forty- dollar sporting suit, looked Uko Bob Sackott, more on the spree than ever. The evening's enter tainment concluded with "The Quiet Family," in which the Royal Court of Denmark again appeared under other names, but iii the same costumes. From the applause with which the entertainment was received it was evident that the audience did not share the distress of the actors placed so unexpectedly in a position bo^h embarrassing and novel. Vety few comparatively asked for the' return of their money, and the company left the town richer by a thousand dollars, netted by a perform-' ance which, for originality, has perhaps been hot equalled iii this generation. ¡ 