I RODIN." i Br MRS. PARR, ' Author or " Dorothy Fox," " The Gosan Smithy," "Adam and Eye," Ac., Ac. Chapter XXV. \\\ ben sir. Blunt and Christopher returned lata that evening, it wa9 to hear from the servants that Mrs. Blunt had not felt well, she had gone out into tho grounds during the morning, but since her return she had kept her room. "Best send for Hcywood at once," said Mr. Brant fussily. Christopher begged bim to wait until he had been np and seen Robin, and a few minutes later, he reappeared to say that she felt better now that she had been lying down. She complained of headache, but would try and eat some dinner. " Why, you'ro looking as white as a ghost," was Mr. Blunt's salutation, cheorily spoken, as if the sight of her pale face gave him immense satis faction. " Von haven't, been over-fatiguing yourself now while we've been away, have you? 'cos that'll never do." Robin hastened to disown the supposition. "I only walked a very little way," she said; " I didn't go out of tho gates at all, so it couldn't bo that." " I'm very glad you didn't ; you might have chanced on that Chandos, perhaps, swaggering about." Jack's manner of iguoring them, and avoiding, as Air. Blunt thought, an introduction to Chris topher, had rankled with him nil day. " He's no gentleman that, I say, or when he met us ho wouldn't hnvc acted as he did." " Very likely ho folt it a little awkward," put in Christopher, "and tho carringe passed so quickly by that there was really no need for his speaking." "How d'ye mean ? Miss Georgy could speak, why couldn't he ? You haven't done nothing to offend him?" Mr. Blunt, not in the best of humors, was glad of something to let off steam about. He had boen in a state of ferment all day, for under the plea of other business, Christopher bad made this the opportunity of asking his father what, now he was married, hs thought of doing for him. He considered ho ought to have a separate income, and — at best a poor diplomatist — at once dis covered his motive by saying ho wished it on ac count of Robin, so tbat in case anything hap pened to him she would have an independence settled upon her. " Independence ! what, you mean something independent of me f" asked the wary father. "Exactly so," said tlio siraplo son. Upon which Mr. Blunt desired that he might bo in formed of the exact requirements demanded of him, advising that the sum should he talked over with Robin, and reserving to himself until then to give his answer. Ail day long the proposition haunted him. Up to this time Christopher had never dropped a hint of needing such an arrangement. In his own case he had been contented with what his father gave him and the interest— about £200 a year — of some house-property which a distant relation of his mother's had left to him. Could Robin have put him up to make this demand ? Seeing it was to bo settled on herself, Air. Blunt thought it not unlikely. Several times leading up to the question, he had beaten the bush to try and get the truth from Christo pher, but his son evidently did not understand him, and feeling it would he unwise to ask the direct question, Mr. Blunt had been compelled to swallow his curiosity. To a man so dispositioned this acted irritably on his temper, and he was in a mood to find fault when the sight of Robin's evident indisposition turned his thoughts to another channel ; hut, though for her s&ko; ho might spare those present?, there was no occasion to hold his tongue about the Squire, and be continued to rake up the dispute about tlio thicket, what he had not said to him, and what he should like to say to him, until Christo pher, noting Robin's face grow paler and that she sat quite silent, said in hopes of silencing him : ® O ll YL'Shl f tioeep vn«n/1 n nn: li VKAta1! — -XL ? the least what you think of him or he thinks of you. I saw Cameron in at Topham's, aud he told lue that Mr. Chandos went off by the forty past six train, ho saw him down at the station, he was going to try and get the night train from London. I don't know what night train nor where he was going, but to some placeabroad at a long distance, and how long he may stay or when he will return seemed quite uncertain." Afr. Blunt said something to express his satis faction, but what, Christopher did not heed. The alteration in Robin's face had attracted his atten tion. " What is the matter, Robin?" lie got .up and went towards her. " You're not feeling well ; what is it, tell mo ?" Seized with a mad desire to push him away, Robin had to make an effort of control. " I don't know," and she gave a ghastly smile. "I felt so much better when I came down. I think it's the small of the dinner must have upset me." "That's it," said Mr. Blunt confidentially; " it often does so, my dear, its turned you sick I daresay." "Yes," said Robin, catching at any excuse for going away. "I shall have to go back to my awn room again, only, Christopher, don't you come." Her voice sounded quite sharply. "Jennings is up stairs, she will attend to me." A little hurt, Christopher lacked the assurance to follow her ; lie fancied she spoke as if she did not wish him to come. He went as far as the foot of the stairs, watehed thai she ran quickly up, and then returned to the dinner-table. "I hope there is nothing the matter with her," he said anxiously. " And I hope there is," Baid his father pointedly. ''So there's the difference between me and you," and then he emptied bis gloss as if drinking a health, smacked his lips, aud had it filled again. " We'll go to-morrow and got Hey- wood to drop in as he's passing here, just make a call ; he need'nt to say nothing." " Oh no, there'll be no occasion for that." Christopher spoke hastily, he was frightened to death of what Robin might feel. "It's not likely to he anything but a headache, which I daresay will pass off by the morning ; if it should not I'll ask her what she would like me to Jo." The presence of the servants restrained Air. Blunt from indulging in the outburst to which ho would have liked to treat his . son. Leaning back in his chair ho swelled out his portly person and mado a continuous chirrnn witli line ne was liis wont when imploring a sympathetic pro vidence to grant him patience. All his thoughts, his hopes, his wishes were centered now in tho desire that he should speedily see children bom to Christopher, heirs who would relieve him of that terrible anxiety he always suffered when anything ailed his son. The prospect of a fine sturdy boy to dandle on his kuee softened his heart, and he spent the evening in building castles, arranging his affairs, and drinking a great deal more grog than was good for him. Robin during this time was going through all those torments we endure when our doubts and fears are turned to certainties. Until tbo9e casual words, dropped by Christopher about Jack's departure, the poor heart had not known how desperately it had clung to the hope of his remaining. Even whilo she had continued to say to her self, " He will go, wo shall not meet again," the certainty that he would remain contradicted her. Now he ha3 gone — gone for years— perhaps for ever. Oh, she had so counted on his presence; together they could bring back those dear de parted days, together live thorn oyer again. With Jack she could open her heart freely, speak of her father, ask counsel about Christopher, give vent to the repugnance sho felt creeping over her towards Air. Blunt. Daring tho weary months that followed on their last separation, Robin had well schooled her self in tho certainty that, in tbe way sho liad wanted, Jack could not care for her; very tenderly and humbly she had sought to strangle tbe Iotb he had called into being, and believing it to be dead she had. buried it. in a grave which she had Published bv special arrangement with thcantlfnr. Affrights reserved. lone kept green by watering it with her tears. Sorrow, altered circumstances, fresh surround ings, all bad combined to distract her, so that when she found herself brought face to face with Jack, it was tlie friend sho gave welcome to, the old companion of her early years, without any embarrassment that she had ever made bim ber lover. To Jack's manner was due the rankling which ihe now felt, mingled with her suffering— his tone, bis look, tbe words he had let drop, had oil fallen us seeds of discontent amid what had been hitherto satisfaction — tho drop of honey in her cup of gall had been a certain self- com placency, that, although it had proved of no nvaii, she bail sacrificed herself to the utmost. Suddenly this sweetness had lost its flavor, and she was racking herself with questions of why had sho married at ail? Why had Christopher been thrown in her way ? Why had she not written to Jack ? Suppose she had. What now ? The sigh that camo from Robin seemed to rend her breast. "Did you speak— say anything?" Christopher had crept softly in, and had remained sitting out of sight. "What!" A fear clutched her— could the hare spoken aloud She opened her eyes and started up. " Oh Christopher, I wish you wouldn't come aud frighten me so," sho said, petulantly turning herself away from him. " Dear, I have been here ever so long ; only before you lay so quiet that when I hoard you move and sigh I thought you were awake per haps and wanted something." "No." Robin could command her actions bet ter than her words ; she stretched out her hnnd to bim,— "onfy to bo left quiet," she added. "Do you mind me sittiug here ?" " I'd rather yon went away." Christopher turneJ to go. Robiu was stirred by compunction. " Christopher, you don't think me unkind, do you ? I don't want to be." " Unkind ! No, why should I think you un kind ? Because you don't want to bo fidgeted by mo, for fidgety I Am and always shall be, I fear, whenever the slightest thing is the matter with you— the toll we pay for Jovo is anxiety." " But there ii nothing to be anxious about. I am not ill. I haven't anything the mutter with tue." ' ' Nothing the matter ! and you lying here. That is not like my Robin, I am sure." The words were so tenderly spoken that they dropped like dew on Robin's fevered heart. Should she tell him — tell him all ? Confide in him abont Jack, of her meeting with him, and who ho bad proved to be ? She hesitated, a something which she would not own, which she resolutely turned away from, rose unbi'dden and held her back. She knew that sho might trust Christopher, that he was worthy of her confidence ; it was not that which stopped her, it was something in horself, still, after all, perhaps. . . . The opportunity was gone. Christopher, recalling what sho had said, pressed her hand with her lips, and before she had fully made up her mind what she would do, he turned away and went out of the room. Chapter XX VI. Robin's appearance at breakfast the next morn: ing, recovered and her' usual self, disowning any remaining trace of indisposition, and laughing at the bare idea of having a doctor to seo her, did not tend to improve the had temper in which Atr, Blunt had arisen. Possibly the reaction from his Belf-indulgonce of the night before had something to do with his state ; when ho went to bed his castles were stories high, he had awakened with a sense that they were crumbling, and now he saw them shattered und laid low. Added to this, Sunday was a day which always tried him, its miuutcs seemed to drag themselves out to hours, ' and he was glad of any prospect which offered some change to the routine of church-going, in which the example set by his neighbors had to be followed. He had intended that Dr. Heywood should uavu uceu asacu to pay ins can as iuncncon-ume. This would have insured him hearing all t|io gossip for twenty miles round, und on his part he had arranged what he would say regarding Air. Chandos, about whom now ,he would no longer keep silent ; he shonld tell tho doctor that he was free to repeat his words to anybody, and by this means he fancied it not impossible that they might reach tho ears of tho Squire himself. As is usually the case when cheerfulness is the result of effort, Robin's spirits seemed unusually high, and this in itself aggravated Mr. Blunt and made him resentful towards her. The suspicion concerning that money transaction came back with renewed force ; ho felt perfectly convinced that she had "put Christopher up to it," and ho cantioned -himself to ho on his guard, and keep' tight hold of the purse- strings, for fear that by independence his authority might be slackened. Christopher dead, Rubin left with children, unless bo kept some hold over her, who could say how she might treat him. "No, no," it was very well now all was fine weather sailing, bnt he hadn't forgotten to whom she belonged, nor how that who had served him, and he raked among kis recollections in search of bygone slights and injuries, banking up his ill-humor and setting it smouldering. Unfortunately familiar with. the look upon his father's face, Christopher, noting the impatience of his movements and the surly tone of his roico, felt particularly uneasy. Up to the present time Robin bad seen nothing of his ill-temper, and whatever rough speech he had indulged in had never for a moment rested on her, but this morning she evidently did not please bim — his teawastooswect, he hadit thrown awajt; in iho next enp given him, she pnt too much milk ; in each remark she madg— and poor soul what an effort it cost her to make one — he found some thing to contradict, until, with that unlucky fate which generally leads persons at cross-purpose3 to touch oh some sore subject, Robin, reminded by something Christopher said of Sundays abroad, referred to a particular ono which they had all spent in Venice together. Since she had seen Jack her father had been so in her thoughts that his name— seldom mentioned by her before Air. Blunt — slipped out inadvertently. Christopher, plunging into a long-winded, roundabout reply, hoped that his father was not going to notice it. Illusory supposition ! Mr. Blunt had boon itching for something to be dropped that he could catch up and be offensive about. His state was by no means singular— in Wad- polo that very morning a finger might have been placed on a good score of parsons, old and young of both sexe3, who to their own torment, and tbe torment of their families, felt themselves in a similar disposition; but among them all not ono la bored under the disadvantages which beset Afr. Blunt ; from whom, tho moment his good- humor forsook him, the thin veneering of social polish vanished completely, and yoa saw tho man as nature had left him- coarse, rough, bullying, with no comprehension of any of those finer feel ings, abont which he himself know nothing. A great many of the wounds he gave he bad nu idea of giving ; and he prided himself on forget ting the injuries he received far sooner than those who had injured him forgave the rebuffs he gave them. Ouly waiting till Christopher had so far delivered himself that he might feel certain of commanding Robin's undivided attention, Mr. Blunt gave vent to a succession of snorts in tended by him as a laugh, but which might be taken for anything indicating contempt and derision. " That's good," he said, " about Sundays. He must have precious altered before churcbgoiug was anything in your father's way." The sneer ing tone and manner, more than the words, made Robin's cheeks scarlet. For a moment she was silent. About her father caring to go to Church there was nothing she could say. How often, sinco Christopher had talked to her, had she lamented' tbat she had not been more persistent in her urging. It was true that at times she liad asked him to go with her, but when he declined she was quite content that he should stay away ; Jack didn't go, why shonld he. In those days Jack had been Robin's stan dard of moralty and consistency. " He never interfered with me though, papa didn't," she said, looking up in reply to Afr. Blunt. " When I was old enough to do as j liked, and I could go, I alwars wont to church every Sunday, more especially latterly," and in an instant her memory liad travelled back, and she saw herself setting off to go, bccausa perhaps God would listen to her there, would hear her prayers better, would spare her father to her. A burst of tears followed on her words. " Robin ! Robin I ' Christopher was beside hof. "It's because it made me think of him," aha sobbed, " and how I used . to hope he would get better." Christopher passed his hand tenderly over the hent head, trying to soothe her. He knew how uncontrollably these bursts of sorrow came, and how bravely she tried to subdue them. Already she was wiping their traces away. Ate. Blunt, for the moment taken aback, now gave vent to a most lugubrious sigh. " If you're going to giro way to the habit of every time auything's spoken, of treating u3 to a set out of tears, Robin, it's best for you to know that I for one can't . stand it ; I never could in my life, and I ain't going to bogin now. It's what I never was accustomed to— crying in females, more particularly when there's nothing to cry for. It's true you may havo lost your father, but that's in a coiine of nature. Everybody, if they live to sooner, or later, must some time or 'nother lose their fathers." " Well, of course she knows tlmt," said Chris topher, "although what difference it riiakefl "I can't see. It's only very natural that she should sorrow for him, seeing bow devoted they were to each to other." Air. Blunt laughed offensively. " Oh well," he said, " 1 suppose it's the right way ; spend every farthing you can lay your hand to; beggar your wife, leave your daughter. de pendent on charity, and you'll be lamented os tho best father that ever was. It's something new to me, though, and I'd hoped my daughter-in-law would have showed more sense than to try and teach me the lesson. I'm willing enough to lot bygones be bygones. I don't want to rake up the past, nor to have names mentioned that I never speak of— only, if they are, don't treat mc to a scene which leads to a regular up set," and jumping up he pushed his chair vio lently, seemed as if he was going out of the room, altered his mind and came buck again. . Perhaps he was expecting that she would say something. Robin tried to stifle her sense of in jury. Her eyes, dry of tears now, were opened to the full, bright and sparkling, a spot of coloz ( had come out on either cheek ; she held her head more than usually erect, and her voice,- when she spoke, was high toned. ' ' ' - " I am sorry if 1 hate made you at all uncom- .fortable, Uncle," she said, addressing him.- ''I will take care it docs not happen again ; bnt to speak, as you have just done, of my, father to she, is not kind of yoa.' . " Oh, indeed, isn't it 5" said Air. Blunt surlily. " Weil, I'm tho best judge of that." , . " No, I don't think you .are. I cannot sup pose that you knew how much it. would- wound me, or I don't believe that you would have said it." ' "I tell you what it is, young lady ; you know Voir little about what's happened between your father and me, so tbo loss yon take me to task about it tho better wo two shall get on together." His wrath was beginning to increase. Chris topher, dreading a further display of it, hastened to be peacemaker. . , " Come, come, father," he said ; " lot us say .no more about the matter. I am sure yoa must see that Robin had. no thought of vexing, you any more than you wished to wound her. So let's forget all abont it." , Bnt, quick to note, Afr. Blunt saw , that as he spoke he took Robin by the hand, an evidence, ' to his mind thatbe sided with hef. "Two against one," ho thought ; "and that's what it will be in future if I don't pht down my foot upon it," so assuming more displeasure than he positively felt, he said : "Easier said than done, at my time of ljfe. You must, both of you, try and keop it in mind that I'm master of this house, and therefore ex- neet to lio a little jitndied " " Well, I hope you have had no reason to complain of that so far," said Christopher. "I'm sure Robin has entirely demoted herself to you." "Oh, dear, bless me heart, I don't want her to make a trial of what there's plenty nS good-ns sho, and better too, would look upon as a plea sure. There must be a fat lot to complain of in eating and drinking of the best, having a car riage to ride in, and not being asked to soil a finger, especially to one who's boen so very muck used to that sort o' thing us she has." It was Christopher's face that grew scarlet. A glance at him showed Robin liow lis father's words were paining him. In a moment she hud gone over to where tho old man stood, and stretching out her hands to lira, " Unci?," she said, " you know that ' is not. what Christopher means. Ho knows— and I know too— how very kind you have been to me, and 'if I have ia any way said anything to offend you, forgive it ; only— only wlion— when yoa spook of pay father— her rising tears began to choke her, and unablo to stem the torrent, sho ran out qf the room, leaving the father and son alone. 