The Horses in Training, &c; By Nemo. The present is a very awkward week to writo about race horses, for the Hawkestrary Meeting began on Thursday, and one has not time to review the running with a view of foretelling the results to be arrived at to-day (Saturday), so that it savours like plunging in the dark to write about coming events. At the time of writing, 41 still remain in for the Hawkesbury Autumn Handicap, but Courtenay, CreEwick, Martindale, Lord Clifden, Santa Claus, Testator, and Garryowen are almost sure to decline, and when the final paring takes place about 18 may be found at the pest. Taking strict public running as a guide, there should be nothing in it but Sweet William, who, though a bit above himself at the late V. R. C. Autumn Meeting, proved miiiMeii iu wt- reauy urei-uiusH uuiuiai uy me way in which he wore down his field in the Brunswick Stakes and the gallant battle he fought for the Australian Cup. lie has always been afflicted with tender feet, and the con tinued absence of rain has rendered the going so hard that unless a change takes place before Saturday I doubt if his party will risk his Sydney Cup prospects by sending him. It was rumoured in town on Wednesday that he was more than usually shinsore ; but on Thursday he got to the end of a good gallop in the most satisfactory manner, and a slight move was made in his favour during the evening. So far as can be ascertained, his owner has not yet made up his mind about starting, and I fancy that his decision will be greatly influenced by the state of the weather. His stable mate, Gudarz, has also been going well; and if the honour of the stable be left to him he may render a good account of himself, especially if Hales be in the saddle. Hesperian may be regarded as a doubtful starter, for with only 31b. less than weight for age he cannot have a very bright prospect in such a mixed field. Creswick has not been overburdened with 8st. 101b.t but as I have frequently remarked the exact distance of If mile appears to be his particular forte. With lib. lees, Bathurst is in high favour with the public and his party, and on public form he certainly has a very hearty appearance, especially if Yeomans be deputed to handle him. That he has plenty of pace cannot be. denied, but I have watched him closely in several sharply contested races, and I fear me that his heart is not the stoutest. When he, Darebin, and Santa Clans were on terms at the distance in the race for the Grand Stand Stakes at the late V. R. C. Autumn Meet ing, it looked to me to be a question as to which of the trio would 'turn it up' first, and I reckon that one seldom witnesses the meeting of three horses with less resolution than those who competed for the race mentioned. So long as his rider can keep a good hold of his head and let him rattle along Bathuret is a bad horse to beat ; but once let him be called upon to fight out a battle to the bitter end, and 1 think that my opinion about his f aintness of heart will be borne out. The friends of Falmouth are silent, and it is doubtful if he can be got to the post; and with The JJmmmer so nicely suited as regards weight and distance, it is hardly probable that Waxy will be troubled. During the early part of the week The Barber was knocked out of the betting, and at one time 2000 to 60 went begging; but he«une again a little later on, and at the time of writing 100 to S is the best offer against him for money. It is diffi cult to ascribe a reason for the demonstration against him, lor I have it on good authority that the horse is well and that there never was anything the matter with mm. On Tuesday Larpent created a sensation, and he was so steadily backed that he left off a firm favourite at 100 to 15 ; but late on Wednesday night the books opened out against him, and on Thursday it was currently reported that he would not start on account of the nara state of the going. Strange that those who have the management of him did not discover that the ground was so tv *'}***' However, it may be some satisfaction to uiose who have backed him to know that on Thursday he was as sound as a bell, and looked as fit as any U»ing engaged in the race. Perhaps, like The Barber, he may come to life again before the day. ♦ Ipvy ,c#00Per is said to be queer, and Albyn appears to be left out in the cold hy his party ; but trouble may come from Hereford Bay and Euchre, both of which are wortn an outside shot. Bryan O'Lvnn performed a wonder ™ly fast gallop at the Hawkesbury a few mornings since, en the strength of which he has found great favour at all sorts of prices up to 100 to 7. Rainbow and Hawthornden Aave also been doing well; and Prima Donna has ceen doing such high-class work that 100 to 8 £M the beet offer against her on Thursday. A jnena who knew her in New Caledonia contends umt we have yet to see her at her best, and that the longer £se38he11mV ****** ** 1IkeS !t ' ?'* U '^ *'*? tba to have a word or two to say in the Sydney Cup. As I S*?* 'marked, on public form Sweet William has all Me best of it, and should he start I shall go for him. In msabBence The Drummer, Hawthornden, Prima Donna, »nj itT-w*11^ The Barber promise to play a a prominent part, ^ 'ke the first named for choice. Bait ikOreee *''* been '° split 'up of late between the diffi^u bm2_and K»*dwick that it has been, and is, a wmcult matter to obtain a line about some of the candidates hoJSTl h-Ture« A* k usual with him, Lamond has his li»2r ?^L' 8tame» 'rt well. Wheatear, though a little behini? a th,e.nec*t shoulders, and arms, is full of muscle rj}'w» ine saddle, and his powerful quarters never looked to fnn^fcfla^? than at P«»ent. SDinningdale has reZ^* ?* fM*™* to a wonderful extentTandl never remember having seen her look eo muscular, while at the same time retaining ner plumpness. ix-rd Clifden, Prim rose, and C lenience have become lame, owing to the hard going ; but even if it should unfortunately happen that the former cannot race again, Mr. Saxe has more than hie money's worth in him for a sire. Sir Oliver and the bandsome little Beau look remarkably well, and Captain Osborne will not regret having purchased the first named, at the end of next Reason. Brunette is a good-sized,Jevenly made two-year-old, by Maribyrnong from Jessamine, with every appearance of being a good one. Moneta, full sister to Tnlcan, and a St. Leger candidate, has grown into a fine raking, lengthy filly ; but Lamond has not had her long enough to get hercherryripe by Easter Monday. Sir Lau rence, who is by Maribyrnong from Nancy's dam, is rather a common 'looking fellow, and may find his place over light timber. Bacchus, by Feve (imp.), holds forth promise of being a good one ; but TrunipJMajor grows too fast, and will hardly be at his best till the end of his three-year-old season. The stable has been strengthened by the arrival of a mare from the Clarence, called The Fly. She is a very wiry lady, has performed well up North, and looks to have aristocratic blood in her veins, though her pedigree is unknown. Euromeda, who is for sale, still occupies a box ; and as he is in first-class condition, and is by Malta from that grand old mare Days of Yore, he should realise a nice figure. The younger members of the string are in good trim for the time ; and the Zetland Lodge contingent will be likely to funish a fair 6hare of winners in the future. Mr. Tait has Inverary in great buckle, but I fancy she is a bit of a jade, and that she will never do much in a big field unless the race be run exactly to suit her. Phoebus, a two year-old, by Yattendon from Miss Phoebe, is one of the grandest looking youngsters in training, and he is so matured that he might well be taken for a four-year-old. St. John is suffering from nasal disease, and so the stable will be deprived of the services of a valuable colt for some time to come. Most of Fennelly's horses are at the Hawkesbury, and their running there will give us an idea of what we are to expect from them at Randwick. Monmouth looks well to the eye, but does nearly all his work on the tan, and it is impossible to give an opinion concerning his St. Leger until we see him extended on the course. The St. Albans string are in excellent condition for the time but Progress has a ' leg,' walked home a little lame after his gallop on Wednesday. Somerset is just; the least bit sore, but Royal Maid looks and goes as well as her best friend could desire ; and I have an idea that I shall not have long to wait to see her bear out the good opinion I have always held of her. Lord Orville gallops over Carmen whenever they are asked to measure strides ; and Templar is fitter than we have ever seen him. Most of the babies engaged in the Champagne Stakes have been doing good work; and Mistake and JeEsie appear to be the only dangerous opponents to Navigator and Solitude, unless Chester's brother Grosvenor be as good as his breeding indicates. Those who drive to Randwick have need of good springs to their traps, for the road is a 'bit off ' in places, and it is hie;h time that it received some attention from the ' powers that be.' A thick fog enveloped the course, on Tuesday morning, and it was nearly 9 o'clock before the dense curtain rose. Ross does not appear to care for fogs, and his horses were rattled through it and over the sand track at a very early hour. Childers and Triumph were sent on the course proper, where Lord Loftus and Templar performed alone. Mr. Tait's pair Inverary and the two-year-old Phoebus, by Yatrendon from Phoebe cantered once round slowly, and the mare is in really good form for the Hawkesbury Handicap. Royal Maid, Progress, aiid ir'omerset cantered, and ran from the Derby turn to the tan crossing, where Rosinante joined them, and the quartette rattled along for a mile and a quarter, the grey holding his own all the way. Lord OrviUe and Zut ran a fast mile after cantering, and the former has done more solid work than most, and he may run forward if the great amount of work he has done does not knock him out. Stella went well, and Mistake did a fast five furlongs with a companion. Wheatear, The Fly, a four-year-old mare from the Clarence, Sir Oliver, Moneta, Brunette, Sir Law rence, The Beau, Spinningdale, Kal Kal, Gamecock, Prince Sterling, Master Avenel, and Lord Burghley were^sent fair work on the tan. A fine, clear morning on Wednesday made amends for the fog- of the previous day, and several interesting gallops were done. Lamond, who used to go late, but has changed his tactics, opened the ball by sending Whatear and the Clar ence mare, The Fly, a mile and a-half , and the St. Leger colt bad all the best of it. Spinningdale, who has thickened a pood deal, was treated to a fast once round after canter ing ; and the others of the string were restricted to quiet work. Stella and Sutton went steadily, and Waterworth cantered. Inverary ran to the back of the course, where she was joined by Phoebus, and she beat the colt home. Lord Loftus and Bell Bird performed gently, and three of Ross's cantered and ran home smartly. Carmen and Lord Orville were sent a mile and a-lmif at their top, and Lord Orville had the best of a really good gallop, Several horses worked on the tan, and the Stl Albans string worked quietly. Thursday was about the most enjoyable morning of the week ; business commenced early by Mr. Ivory send ing Master Avenel, Lord Burghley, Kal Kal, Prince, Sterling, Gamecock, and Surrey average work, and Lord Burghley appears to be sound and well, and may yet claim attention in the Sydney Cup. Carman and Kerolite cantered and ran home smartly, and so did Grey tail and Stella, neither of which will start at the Hawkesbury. Sutton, a gray colt by Hubert, and Lily cantered and brushed along at the end. Rosinante worked quietly, and ran up the straight pretty smartly. Transferred and Mistaken ran a fast half-mile ; and Progress, Royal Maid, and Somerset were rattled over the St. Leger course, and Somerset went particularly well. Pell Mell, Result, and Wellington, who arrived from Mel bourne yesterday, cantered, and they look none the worse after their journey. 'Monmouth and Bathurst (with Yeomans in the saddle) did the St. Leger course atthree-quarter pace, and both shaped well. Creswick was treated to a fast once round. Templar performed satisfactorily, and Segenhoe, Bell Bird, Lord Loftus, and a lot did average work. Lar pent, who was such a firm favourite for the Hawkesbury Autumn Handicap a few day6 ago, was scratched on Thursday, when the pen was also drawn through the names of Hesperian, Courtenay, and Josephine. Bathurst was very firm in the market on Wednesday, and 600 to 100 was taken, while 100 to 10 was freely forthcoming about any of the others. T. Hales and W. Yeomans have arrived from Melbourne to ride at the ensuing meetings. ' Augur,' of the Australasian, and ' Tout Cela,' of the Melbourne Sportsman, have arrive!, in the interest of their respective journals. The general entry for the Goulburn Meeting, to come off on the 4th and 5th of April, is to close on Monday next, the 3id, when acceptances must also be made for the handicaps, the weights for which appear in another column. Owners and breeders are reminded that nominations for the A. J. C. December Stakes of 1882 (now yearlings), Champagne Stakes of 1883 (now yearlings), Derby of 1883 (now yearlings) St. Leger of 1884 (now yearlings), First Foal Stakes of 1884 (now foals). Sires' Produce Stakes of 1884 (now foals), and Second Foal Stakes of 1884 (now foals), are to close with Mr. T. S. Clibborn on the first Thursday after the ensuing Autumn Meeting. The Wallsend general entry and the Queensland Torf Club Handicaps claim attention on Tuesday next, the 4th April. The Forbes general entry is to close on the 12th, and the Wilcannia general entry on 17th. The latest ecratchings for the Hawkesbury Autumn Handicap up to the time of going to press are Hesperian, Courtenay, and Larpent. The full programme of the Dubbo Jockey Club annual meeting appeared on our first page last week. The bill of fare is an excellent one and comprises a Maiden Plate of 60 6ovs., 1$ mile, entrance 2\ soy8-! for * «-v' w*1- nominate; Jockey Club Handicap of 150' sovs., with a sweep of 7j sovs. added for starters, entrance 7i sovs., or 1 sov. will nominate, 2 miles ; Novel Selling Race of 20 sovs., with a Bweepof 1 sov., 1} mile; Mares' Produce Stakes, 7 fur longs, closed with 44 nominations ; Shorts Handicap of 40 eovs., with a sweep of 2 bovs., 1 mile ; flying Han dicap of 40 sovs., with a sweep of 1| sovs., f-mile; Prince of Wales Stakes, of 30 sovs., with a sweep of 1£ 8ov., selling conditions, 1£ mile; Macquarie Plate Handi cap, of 100 eovs,, with a sweep of 5 sovs. from starters, 1| mile ; Jockey Club Sires' Produce Stakes ; Railway Purse Handicap, of 60 bovs., with a sweep of 3 bovs. each, 1£ mile ; and a Forced Handicap, of 2 sovs. each, added to 15 eovs. The Jockey Club Handicap and the Macquarie .Plate Handicap are to close on the 11th April, and 1 sov. will Dominate for each event. The weights for the Jockey Club Handicap are to be declared on the 17th April, and non acceptance on the 21st * while those for the Macquarie Plate will appear on the 24th, and non-acceptance will fall due on the 26th. The entrance fee for the different events will be 5 per cent, on the gross amount of the prizes. The last of Traducer's stock are to be sold in New Zea land on the 12th of April. E. Weeks, well known as a horse buyer for the Indian markfit, was fined £10 by the Victoria Amateur Turf Club Stewards for having 11660 violent and insulting language on the lawn at Caulfield, on Saturday last. The stewards are to be congratulated upon their action in the matter ; and it is to be regretted that the Kensington Park officials did not punish an ' Indian horse buyer ' for his freedom of speech on the occasion of the meeting just prior to the V. R. C. autumn gathering. The Ghost, who was made such a great favourite for the Newmarket Handicap, won by Hyacinth, disappointed his friends twice at Caulfield. Young Alfred, one of the cleverest hurdle horses in Victoria, fell and broke his neck when running well for the Caulfield Hurdle Race. Kilduff, who rode him, got off with a severe shaking. A brief account of the meeting will be found in another column. Another link that connected us with the past has been broken. Mrs. W. J. O'Brien, who for many years so ably filled the position of hostess at Tattersall's, joined the great majority on Saturday last. A kindlier.soul it would be hard to find, and many an aged pensioner has lost a friend in the large-hearted old lady who 'has well earned her season of reBt.' A great many Victorian visitors have arrived to play their respective parts at the ensuing autumn meeting of the A. J. C. The Tubal Cain— Coquette colt has been purchased by T. Corrigan for 700 sovs. ? The sale of the Middle Park (N. Z.) yearlings is announced for Wednesday, April 12, the day after the C. J. C. Autumn Meeting, but will be held at Tattersall's, instead of, as hitherto been the case, at the paddocks of the Middle Park Stud Company. The batch of yearlings to be submitted are the last of the progeny of Traducer, and com promise three colts and four fillies. Amongst them is July, the full brother to Betrayer, Sir Modred, Idalium, and Cheviot, who was unfortunately foaled on July 29, and consequently now ranks as a two-year-old ; a half brother to The Dauphin, a full brother to Fleur de Lys, and a full sister to Amulet. — Canterbury Times. Recently there was a meeting held in Melbourne between the representatives of the V. R. C, A. J. C, and the S. A. J. C. Messrs. A. K. Finlay and Leonard repre sented Victoria, Messrs. Scarr and Austin New bouth Wales, and Messrs. S. Barnard and Pile South Australia. The object was to revise the rules, so as to make them alike acceptable to each colony. On thie head the various gen tlemen were pretty well of one mind, so these colonies will now soon be racing under one code of rules.— Melbourne Leader. The Hunter River Amateur Turf Club races took place on Eales* Course on Saturday. The weather was fine, and the attendance about 400. Shorts Handicap— 7 furlongs : Mr. T. Cronin'B Volunteer, 7st. 71b., including 61b. over (Roarty), 1 ; Mr. John Eales' Roberto, 7st. 31b., (Lindsay), 2 ; Mr. J. Kerr's Una, 7st. 31b. (Cahill), 3. Four others started. Won by a length. Time, 1 minute 37 seconds. Hack Race — 1 mile : Traveller, 7st. 41b., 1 ; Amy, 6st. 81b., 2 ; Duffer, 8st. 121b., 3. Won easily. Ladies' Mile : Mr. D. F. Mackay's Rocket, lOst. 71b. (Hill), 1 ; Mr. S. Rejnold's Camel, lOst. 41b. (Hume), 2; Mr. Camp bell's Janitor. 9st. 71b. '(Jewel) 3 ; Roberto, lOst. 41b., also started. Won by half a length after a splendid race, Camel beating Janitor by a head for second place. Time, 1 minute 54 seconds. Pony Race. — 1 mile : Countess, 6st. 61b., 1 ; Jasperess, 6st. 91b., 2 ; Com modore Nutt, 7st. 121b., 3. Feur others started. Won by half a length. Trot in Harness— 2 miles: Flower Girl, 500 vards (J. Brown, J. Morris), 1; Toby, 500 yards (Jewell, W.M'Pherson),2; Orey Faddy, ocratob (M'Pher- Eon), 3. Darkie, 260 yards, also started. Flower Girl won easily. A protest was entered against all horses by Darkie' s owner, and has not yet been decided. Turf Club Handicap li mile : Mr. T. Cronin's Volunteer, 7st. 41b. (Roartv), 1 ; Mr. G. Soloman's Banshee, 6st. 111b. (Sip well), 2 ; Mr. R. J. Pierce's Little Nell, 7st. 41b. J.Mayo), 3. Four others Etarted ; won easily. Time, 2 minutes 21 seconds. The Selling Race fell through. At the Inverell Picnic Races, first day's meeting, there was a large attendance, and everything passed off most satisfactorily. Visitors from all parts of the colony, in cluding Messrs R. L. Murray and H. Brown, Ms.L.A., were present. The events were : — Hurdles : Campbell's Count, 1 ; Dight's Esmond, 2. M 'Donald's Fleur d' Amour fell when leaving, but the rider escaped unhurt. Maiden Plate: Cruickshank's Rosalie, 1 ; Bassett's Firefly, 2 ; Wyndham's Mariner, 3. Eight started; won easily. Voluntary Handicap: Menzies' Brenhilda, 1; Campbell's Huntsman, 2; Anderson's Lufra, 3. Vice-President's Cup : Bloxoui's Mameluke, 1 ; Dight's Esmonde, 2 ; Campbell's Banker, 3. Won easily. Seven started. Guineas : This was a dead heat between M 'Donald's Dowager and Campbell's Banker; Finlav'a Cymbal, third, was beaten by half a length. Dowager won in the run off. On the second day the weather was magnificent, the atten dance very large, and the fields and racing good. The events were : — Hurdle Race : Campbell's Count, 1 ; Macdonald's Fleur d' Amour, 2. President's Cup :' Cruickshank's RoEalie, 1 ; Glennie's Harmer, 2 ; Macdonald's Pamela, 3. Ladies' Purse : Finlay's Lemonade, by Hawthornden, 1 ; - Cruickshank's Rosalie, 2 ; Dight's Monde, 3. A beautiful race, won by a neck. Byron Handicap : Bloxome's Mameluke, 1 ; Campbell's Banker, 2 ; Macdonald's Pamela, 3. Won easily. Goodwood Handicap : Glennie's Mariner, 1 ; Finley's Cymbal, 2. Final Handicap : Albion and Brenhilda ran a dead heat. Brenhilda won the run off. The race ball was an immense success, 150 persons being present. - The Great Northern (S.A.) races came off on Wednesday. The weather was beautifully cool, and the attendance was about 2000. Except the big handicap, none of the races were well contested. The course was in good order. Flying Handicap : Totalizator, 1 ; Souvenir, 2 ; Monte Carlo, 3\. Handicap Hurdles : Tancred, 1 ; Roebuck, 2 ; May Fly, 3; Great Northern Handicap: Totalizator, 1; Mesalliance, 2 ; Storm Queen, 3. The favourite won easily by two lengths. A great race for second place, which was won by a head. Time, 3 minutes 20 sconds. Sapling Stakes : Home Rule, 1 ; Toonketchen, 2 ; Standard Bearer, 3\. Shorts : Toonketchen, 1 ; Saunterer, 2 ; Surprise, 3. Hacks: Queen, 1. The Adelong Races came off on Tuesday. The morning was fine, but in the afternoon there was a thunderstorm. The meeting was a good one. The events were as follows : — Mile Handicap : Victor, 1 ; Lady Angler, 2. Three started ; a close race. Piince of Wales Stakes, 15 sovs. : Lady Green, 1 ; Keepsake, 2. Snip was scratched. The winner was Bold for £14 10s. Autumn Handicap, 2o sovs. : Pattern's First Love, 1 ; Angler, 2 ; Alexander, 3. Five etarted ; a good race. Hack Selling Race, 5 sovs. : Nelly Gray, 1 ; Nigger, 2. Keepsake was scratched. Stewards' Purse, 10 sovs. Doctor, 1 ; Pardon, 2 : Love Not, 3. Hurry Scurry : Lady Angler, 1 ; Vennilla, 2. Six started. Keepsake broke her leg, and had to be killed. This was the property of Mr. Edward Perkins, and was ridden by his son. The boy escaped uninjured. Forced Handicap : Alexander, 1 ; Lady Green, 2 ; Pardon, 3. Five started. This was the best race of the day. About 300 persons assembled on the Randwick Race course on Saturday afternoon last to witness a three miles trotting match for £100, between Mr. Kelso's New Chum and Mr. E. Stevens' Master George, a well-known trotting pony from Victoria. New Chum was the favourite at 100 to 30, and he was ridden by Mb owner, while the pony was driven in a light sulky. They started by mutual consent, and as soon as they settled down to their work, New Chum went to the front, and trotting well within himself was never headed, and won easily by half-a-dozen lengths, in 9 minutes 54 seconds. From our Mumirundi correspondent we ?earn by wire that the local Racing Club have decided to have a two days' meeting on the 24th and 25th May. Upwards of £150 will be given in prizes. Our Glen Innes correspondent telegraphs that local sporting men are backing The Barber freely at current odds for the Hawkesbury. He adds that the gates, &c;, for the Glen Innes autumn races realized £134. The Victoria Amateur Turf Club's recent meeting, we learn from our Melbourne correspondent's telegram, was a greater success financially than was anticipated. The settling up showed a surplus of £328. ? ? From our Melbourne correspondent we learn that, at a sale of thoroughbreds Santa Claus was Bold to Mr. A. Sel man for 900 guineas. Robbie Burns was purchased by Mr. Donaldson, on behalf of a Victorian buyer, for 305 guineas. On March 24 the long-pending case, Mayo v. Dangar, was heard at the Supreme Court-before his Honor Sir W. Manning. Mr. Gordon, Mr. A. H. Simpson, and Mr. Knox, instructed by Mr. B. W. Thompson, of Maitland, for the plaintiff; Mr. Salomons, Q.C., Mr. C. E. Pilcher, and Mr. Browning, instructed by Mr. S. C. Brown, for defendant. Thie suit, which arose out of the disqualification of Mr. John Mayo and his racehorses, by the stewards of the Australian Jockey Club, was first heard on the 16th December last. It now came on in the form of an injunction motion in order to ascertain whether the Court had jurisdiction in the matter. Mr. Gordon submitted to the Court the following propo sition : — Whether, in fact, the defendant carried out the rules of the club under which he or the committee professed to act in such a way that (he Court will not interfere on behalf of the persons prejudicially affected by that action ? The learned counsel contended that the question was not one of social status, but of property rights. He cited Dawkins v. Antrobus, Chancery Reports, with a view to show that, if Mr. Mayo had been a member of the club, the Court had jurisdiction, not over the decision of the committee in general terms, but it had jurisdiction if Mr. Mayo had not proper notice of the charge against him. His Hokob said it was perfectly hopeless for the learned counsel to plead that there was jurisdiction where there was community of property. It was abundantly satisfactory to him that none of the cases quoted touched upon the ques tion. There might still be another class of cases. Mr. Gordon said that as his Honor had expressed himself so strongly against him, he would merely ask his Honor to consider the cases quoted, and the second point, that the plaintiff had a property interest through the bylaws. His Honor said he had on a former occasion expressed a - desire that he might hear this case with two other Judges, but he had found it impossible to get such a Bench in that Court. He had, from a very early examination of the case, considered the fact of the ground being vested in trustees for public purposes and by them leased to the Jockey Club, constituted a very strong point, and it might possibly be construed very much in favour of the plaintiff. The Court of Equity was always confined to property in its jurisdic tion, and it was only in a very remote sense that this case ' could be said to touch upon property. If Mr. Mayo had taken his horses to the ground and been ejected, it would not be a question of property. If Mayo had pur chased a right, and that right had been unduly interfered with, he apprehended an action at law would have stood. He thought it much more desirable that persons should have recourse to the ordinary way of testing their rights rather than try to get the Court of Equity to create a new jurisdiction. Therefore, if he saw that this was pro perty according to the very letter of the law, so as to in volve the jurisdiction of a' court of law, he would not be disposed to grant the injunction. He would therefore leave the parities to their remedies at common law, and as this question was taken as for a decree, he would dismiss the suit altogether. The Bathurst Times reports a sporting case heard at the Hartley District Court on Tuesday, before His Honor Judge Wilkinson. The plaintiff was Mr. Joseph Yeomans, and the defendants the stewards of the Lithgow Jockey Club. The action was brought to recover the sum of £21, being the amount of sweepstakes in races won by the horse Partner at the meeting of the club held at Lithgow on the 26th and 27th days of December last, viz., the Town Plate, the Litbgow Jockey Club Handicap, and the Prince ot Wales' Stakes. The conditions of these events will be gathered from the following : — ' The Town Plate of 40 sovs., for all horses to be handicapped, including a sweep of 2 eovs. each ; second horse to receive £5 from the prize ; distance, 1| mile. Entrance, 7£ per cent, on amount of prize. A. J. C. rules adhered to where practicable.' The club retained the sweepstakes, amounting to the sum claimed, besides charging the 1\ per cent, on the advertised prize. The issue turned upon the meaning to be attached to the word ' including,' the plaintiff's attorney submitting that the sweeps were added to the stake in each case, while the defendants' attorney contended that thev formed part of the stake. The club's programme who admitted to. evi dence, together with the A. J. C. rules, 8 and 10 being those affecting the case. Without hearing the evidence tha Judge decided in favour of the plaintiff, any ambiguity which might be attached to the term 'including' being got rid of by the A. J. C. rules, which stated that no deduction shall be made from the winner of any stake except his own entrance fee and sweep. Notice of appeal was given. The advertsiemente referring to the Parramatta and flay jockey clubs' meetings, which appear on our page 518, will be fully reviewed in our next. 