CONSÉCRATION Of'THEBIGHT REV. 1 DR. CANT, FIRST CATHOLIC, BISHOP OF ROCKHAMPTON. '? ' A SPECIAL correspondent; of the Brisbane, Courier writes:-Sydney, May 22.--On Sun-! day last hü «vent of very great importance to the Catholic residents in Queensland, and in : which an unusual amount of interest, baa been ' manifeeted, took place ' at St. Mary's pro CatJ^dxal, Sydney-namely, the. consecration. of'the Rieht Kev. Dr. Cani, who was recently appointed by .bia Holiness the . Pope, to the position.' of Bishop of the newly-established diocese bf Rockhampton:' The consecration of a Bishop is one of the most interesting and solemn of -the ceremonies of the Catholic j Church, and the whole proceedings at St. Mary's on Sunday was oarried out with mach solemnity and ecclesiastical grandeur. It was not till half-past ll that the service com- menced, but long before that time the spacious building was filled in every part, and among the large .congregation .were ¡not a (jew mem- bers of other ohorches. St. Mary's wone its brightest aspect, and the sanctuary presented an ornate and . brilliant appearance. The entire sanctuary was artistically''draped with bright-coloured ail kB and damasks,, while the Archi-episoopal throne was covered by an ele- gant canopy of white satin. The highra1tar was adorned-with church ornamenté' and Sowers, and aa the light, through the windows was subdued by the heavy draperies the ap- pearance of the sanctuary was made the more I imposibgihy that "dim religious light " which heightens the effect end adds eo much to,the impressiveness of all Church ceremonies. In the right aisle of the pro-cathedral a obapel waa fitted up for the Bishop eleot, and on the altar in this chapel there were vases of flowers and .lighted tapera., The ecclesiastics who were to take part in the ceremonial assembled at the presbytery about ll o'clock, and there the con. secreting prelate (Archbishop 'Vaughan), the assistant Bishops, 'the Bishop elect, and the officiating priests were attired in the prpper vestments. Under the direction of the master of ceremonies (the Very Rev. Dean Dwyér) a procession waa formed, and after marching through the cathedral grounds,the ecclesiastics and acolytes entered, the church hy.¡the door near tho choir. First came the acolytes in .their'picturesque costumes, preceded by cross ahd torch bearers ; then; a uurh'ber of priests attired in cassocks and surplices; after whom walked. theii: .lordships - the .Right Riv./ Dr. Murray (Bishop of Maitland), Right Rev. Dr. Lanigan (Bishop of Goulburn), .Right Kev. Dr. Torreggiani (Bishop of Armidale)) arid' the Bishop elect, and'their'respéctive chaplains ; then the archiepiscopal oross bearer ; next the deacons of the 'mass and throne ; and last of all, the Archbishop and his attendants. As soon, as the sacerdotal procession entered the buiMing the choir horst forth in the anthem "Ecca Sácenlos Magnus." As chief cele- brant end consecrating prelate Dr.' Vaughan was arrayed in full pontificals, mitre on head and crosier in hand, and thé attendant deacons wore elegant vestments of 'White and gold richly ornamented. . The Bishop elect wore a magnificent cope and a ¡small black biretta, while the Bishops of Maitland and Goulburn, in addition to nopes and mitres of white silk, wore rochets, amices, and stoles. When the procession reached the sanctuary all who had taken part in it' were conducted to the places allotted them. ' ArchbisnopVauohan was escorted to his "faldstool" near-the High Altar, and the assistant 'Bishops and 'Bishop elect were accommodated with seats imme- diately in front of him, facing the altar. Dr. Torreggiani, who did not take an active part in the ceremonies, retired to a place prepared for him on the epistle aide of the eanotuary. In addition to the Bishops the following clergy- men were present:-Very Rev. Dean Sheridan, V.C., assistant priest; Very Rev. Dean Dwyer and Rev. J. Fleming, master of cere- monies ; Rev. J. P. Fitzpatrick and Rev. C. F. P. Collingridge, deacons of the mass ; Rev. J. J. Garvey and Rev. J. M. Garavel, deacons of the throne; Very Rev. Father Dalton, S.J.; Rev., W. J. Kelly, S J.; Very Rev. Pera Joly, S.M.; Rev. P. J. Mahon; Rev, Father Ecuyer, S.M.; Very Rev. Dr, Byrne, of Bathurst ; Rev. A. Ambrosoli, and Rev. B. Callachor. Dr. Byrne acted as obaplain to the Bishop of Maitland, and Father Ambrosoli as chaplain to the RUhop of Gool bum, while Father Callachor attended on the Bishop eleet. The proceedings were commenoed by the assistant Bishops bringing np the Bishop eleot and presenting him with respectful obeisances to tbs Archbishop, after whioh they resumed their seats. The senior assisting Bishop (Dr. Murray) theo said:-!' Most Reverend Father, -Our Holy Mother the Church demands of you to promote the priest here present to the office of a Bishop," To this the consecrator replied,-" Have you the apostolic mandate!" The senior assistant Bishop said, *' We have," whereupon Pera Joly, 8.M., acting as notary to the presiding Bishop, read the mandate. After this somewhat lengthy document had been read Dr. Cani, kneeling before the conse- crating prelate, pronounced the prescribed oath. The Bishop elect, io the words of the office, declared that with his whole heart he desired in everything to act in conformity with the Holy Scriptures. He oleo promised to teach the word and by example to the people over whom he was to be set whatever things he had learned out of the Holy Scrip- tures. He promised also that he would reverently receive, teach, and keep the tradi- tions of the orthodox fathers, and the decretals and constitutions of the holy and apostolic see. He likewise promised canonical obedience to Pope Leo XIII., as the representative of St. Peter ; that he would so order his personal conduct as to avoid all that was evil, and with God's assistance would follow after all that was good ; that he woald teach and practice the cardinal virtues ; that he would as much as possible avoid secular affairs, and forbear to seek after worldly gain, and that he would practise and teach the virtues nf humility and patience ; and, lastly, that he would, for thc Lord's sake, be kind to strangers and be pitiful to the poor. After all the questions had been satisfactorily answered, the conse- crating prelate said :-V Most beloved brother in Christ, may this thy faith be increased by the Lord until thou shalt come to true and eternal happiness." AU in the sanctuary answered "Amen!" and then the Bishop elect was conducted to his chapel, where he divested himself of his cope, and wu vested with cbausible iud roaaípíí,.attie, tonie,'' dalmatic, pectoral orota, sMuanaela. Pontifical High MaaaSraa commenced hf Archbishop Vaughan and "Dr. Catii, and the assistant -BiAvfÊ 'át the special altar in the chapel recited thé service of the mass in nnisou with the consecrating prelate at ths^High Altar. The epiatle and tracj^being fifflÖS; the Bishop elect proceeded fe the sanotajn^'' accompanied by Dr. Lanigan and Dr."Mñrwg iwhep the conaeorator briefly' instructed bunMj the duties ofhis episcopal office. s*^ i The conseerator then called upon the oön Eegàtion to pray for tbe newly-appointed pra- te, that bis episcopate might oe for the [ benefit of the church, and then followed the Litanies with spacial' suffrage« for (he elect. Then the book of Gospels ws^ plaoed«n the shoulders of the Bishop elect, and after that the conseerator and .assisting B^ahops aolsmnly laid their hands on bis bead, saying the sacra- ments! words, " Àccipe Spiritum Sanctum." (Receive thoa the Holy Ghosts The consee- rator having laid aside bis. mitre, offered bp the prayer Propiciare domine, &o;^;apd¡'SO passed on to the tfemtim Corda. The beauti- ful hymn, "Peni Creator Spiritué,"'. was subsequently'begun by the Archbishop, and completed by the assembled 'derby, with Fathers' Fitzpatrick and Gara vol as the'princi- pal chanters. Whilst the hymn was being rendered the presiding prelate anointed the head of the pew bishop with chrism, saying the ,duly- appointed words, " Be thy bead anointed and consecrated in the order cf high priest. by ' heavenly ? benediction, in the. name of the Father and of the Son and of the Poly i Ghost."' The'hands of the new Biship were next anointed, «nd having doné ' that tho Con aecrator paid; f'Be, these, bands;, anointed , [with sawed ail and ,tfae obrwoiot eanptifica tion ; as Samuel anointed David' to be .king and prophet, so be thee anointed and con- secrated: In the'name <n"God the Father, and of God the Son, and of the Holy Ghost, boaring on them the likeness of the holy cross of our-Saviour the LordiJesus Christ, who redeemed us from death and obtained for us the kingdom of heaven!" ? Flayers: ware, thea offered for ; the elect, ( at the conclusion of which the conséorator blessed' and save (the new Bishop.his crozier or' pastoral staff, Vhich was of brightly burnished silver ; his episcopal ring, the book of Holy Gospels ; and lastly, with the other prelates he greeted him with the fraternal kiss of peace according to the ancient custom of the Oatholio Church. When placing the ring on Dr. Cant's finger* the conseerator said, "Receive this ring the pledge of affiance, that, being adorned with the token of untainted fidelity, thou mayest guard with honour incorrupt ' the spouse of God, His Holy Church." On'handing him the crozier he said : " Reoeive this staff of the pastoral office, that in the correction of vioe thou mayest employ severity with kind- ness, and exercise judgment without anger, and that in cherishing virtue thou mayest soothe the minds of thy hearers without neglecting, in thy peacefulness, the severity of reproof ;" and on presenting bimi with the Book-of Gospels, "Reoeive the Gospels, and go forth and preach it to the people committed to thee, for God is powerful to augment His grace to thee, who liveth and reigneth world without end." The newly consecrated Bishop' then returned to his chapel, .Undi went on' Arith the mass as far as the offertory, when he again proceeded to the sanctuary, this time for ' the purpose of pre- senting the consecrating prelate with two was candles, two loaves of bread, and two minia- ture casks of wine! Both the loaves and the wine casks were covered with gold and silver, and bore the the Oraste of the new Bishop and the conseerator, as also did the candles. After the presentation the Bisnop of Rockhampton proceeded to the side of the High Altar, and said and did all that pertained to the pontifical office of the mass, ID unison with the most révérend celebrant; - There were special prayers appointed and recited during the remainder pf ¡the service, both, in the canon and post communion,' and at thè Conclusion of tbe masB the consecrating prelate blessed and placed the mitre on the head of the oonseorated. Bishop, and, having conducted him. .to .his seat, placed the crosier in his.hand; and then, bowing to the altar, intoned the opening of the Te Deum. Whilst the hymn of joy was being sung by the priests, the ßight Rev. Dr, Cani, supported on either side by one of the assisting-Bishops, proceeded round the'church, giving his blessing to the oongnegation as he passed along! On the return to the sanctuary the consecrating ¡and assisting prelates, Without mitres, stood at the Gdjîjjâ side, and the new Bishop Went 16 the centre of the altar and pronounced the ,'ppnti 'fieal benediction. At the blesssing the sanc- tuary presented ja most impoBiqgappsaranoe ; the richly- vested prelates and deacons, tile number ôf scàrlet-Tobed acolytes, 4he assem- blage of priests in blaok and white robes, the bandeante - draperies, and the High Altar . dazzling with lights and flowers, made up a scene never before equalled iu these colonies. Tbs musical portion cf the .service .consisted of selections from Haydn's 16th Mass and Van Bree's No. 1. Mrs. Frank Brewer, Mrs., Gilfoyle, Mr. Jemes Hindiy, Mr. J. H. Flynn, and Mr. M. Fitzgerald were the soloists. Herr Sussmiloh conducted, and Mr. Thomas Banks presided at the organ. On the whole the performance of the choir waa a creditable one. Father William Kelly; U.S., who delivered an address some short time since in St. Stephen's, Brisbane, was the preacher of the day, and the sermon was delivered imme- diately after the Gospel. Taking for his text the words-" The PaBtor and Bishop of your souls ;" 1st Bristle St. Peter, 2 chap 25th v., Father Kelly delivered a brilliantly eloquent and profoundly interesting discourse on the episcopal office, itB origin and meaning, and the duties and responsibilities of the spiritual pastor to G od and to his flock. The, office, of a Bishop was que of unflagging labour,! endless oare, and constant watchfulness, and the diffi- culties and trials were increased when a Bishop was placed in a diocese snob aa the one to which Dr. Can! had been appointed. The new Bishop had cheerfully entered upon bia apos- tolic laboura, and had declared himself ready to sacrifice his health and strength and to lay down his life if necessary for the glory of God and the advancement of religion. He (Father Kelly) had had the happiness of meeting Dr. Gani on three occasions- first at the council held in Melbourne, at which bishops and priests from all parts of Australasia attended, and Dr. Cani, wno attended that council as a Doctor of Divinity, as the theologian of his reverend and beloved . Bishop, and as the secretary of an important religious congregation, displayed great ability in the debates. The second time was on the occasion of a visit to Brisbane, and then he fonnd him engaged on a great work, labouring unceasingly, and with love and self-denial, to bring to a completion the cathedral of St. Stephen. Dr, Cani spent h¡B days and nights in a mere hovel under the shadow of the temple that waa slowly growing and attaining its grand proportions, and he appeared to live only for the cathedral, so great was bis zeal and so strong his love for the glory of the House of God. The third time was when be visited Brisbane to take part in the solemn commemoration service for the late lamented Bishop, and he waa then administrator of the diocese. While holding that respapajáá^feú^fl tion, and in the midst bf all hiscarcansror* troubles, he expressed a hope that he' might be fortunate enough to secure the aervioes of a missionary father, tn order that 'he might travel to the extreme limits of the extensive diocese and carry with him the consola- tions and blessings of religion. He would not in that place make any more than a pas8ing reference to bis labours. He had now been placed aa the Bishop over large and interesting realms, and the (Father Kelly) asked all present to pray that blessings may descend nqon him and till his heart with joy and couaolation, and to unite with the Church in ber prayer that tho days and the labours of the first Bishop of Rockhampton may be long, and fruitful, and felicitous. The solemn yet brilliant ceremonies were brought to a close with the mutual congratu- lations of the newly-consecrated Bishop on his consecration ; and the aalUtant Bishops, pre- lates, priests, sud acolyte! then formed « procession and taoveó^brough the church as they bed entered, the organist playing an inspiriting march.' From the'pro- OathedraU the procession proceeded through the grounds to the presbytery, thé Archbishop and Dr. Cant blessing the people who gathered around as it passer! along.1 ' At the presbytery the new Bitbsf^aui entertained at (»'/banquet. It waa nearly three o'clock before the Church oerejnj^fi! ¡Were-finished, but nearly the wtoyyMia ooagreganop remained till the ' Daring hi« stay in Sydney :the Bishop of Rockhampton baa boen the : guest, of' Arch- bishop Vaughan, at 8*. John's College, , , 