THE BENDIGO ADVERTISER (PUBLISHES DAILY.) MtOOnESSION, ODfl IIIOHTS, AND OUR EESOUUOEB, SANDHURST, MONDAY DEC. 4,1882 THE RAILWAY COLLISION. • Another very serious accident lias occurred on a suburban line, by which a large number of persons have been very severely injured one killed, others not expected to survive, and much damage douo to railway property. From the particulars to hand it seems to be almost miraculous that there should not have been moro fatalities A collision took place; the foremost carriages in each train were knncked to pieces, and one of the trains was completely wrecked. Tliia hap pened at half-past six on Saturday evening, a time at which tho ordinary trains are usually ciowded. There was a large number of persons in the special, which was returning from a land sale at Box Hill on the newly opened Lilydaie hue. Is is, there fore, a matter for much congratulation that the results were not even more lamentable. As it is, however, much Buffering has bee)), paused and many have sustained permanent injury, EJero is another harvest for the lawyers, as there will almost certainly be a lino crop of actiona against the Board of Land and Works for compensation. Inquiries into tho cause of the accident may possibly absolve thedriversfrom any charge of carelessness, for by latest accounts the fitfltioninaster at Hawthorn is held responsible. The working of tho suburban lines is becoming very ex ponaive and it is remarkable that under the management of tho Hobson's Bay Company there were no such shocking and costly disasters as have occured since tho lines fell into the handB of the Government. It appears that the two trains should have been travelling on different lines ; but one of these baing out of repair they were running on the same line. It is surprising how often these lines aro out of repair ; but having got into that stato tho utmost care and pre caution should bo taken to prevent trains from meeting when necessarily using one line. Tho question is whether this was done. If so there must have been neglect or disobedience somewhere. In any case a strong feeling of uneasiness must be created in the public mind, and a sus picion be engendered that tho management is wofully deficient, and that the necessary means for ensuring safety are culpably neglected. People travelling by these lines must always feel themselves to bo in peril, not from unavoidable mischances, but from mismanagement, incompetence, and recklest ness. The taxpayers have much cause for dissatisfaction. The Jolimont affair cost tho country a pretty penny, and it may be expected that tho revenue will have to be largely drawn upon in order to satisfy tho claims of the sufferers by thit frcBh eatastroplio. Pending further details, however, wo can scarcely speak in moro than' terms of conjecture of the ultimate results. As regards the consequences to the passengers, whilst they are deplorable enough, it is gratifying to think that they wero not much worse. Cablegrams.—A number of Intei-cating cable grams (several of tliem painfully So) arc pub lished in to-day's issue. The lives of the Archbishop of Canterbury • and of Professor Fawcett are despaired of, and Mr. Anthony Trollope is again very seriously ill. The Queen on Saturday (by commission) prorogued Parlia ment, the speech delivered by the viee Chaneellor containing much matter of import. A Succession ok Calamities.—It is many years since in one issue we have had to record as many painful events as will be found in to day's issue. First there is the disastrous railway accident near Hawthorn, in whioh -11 persons have been injured, one fatally, and several others Jiot expected to recover ; then there is a fatal miiming accident recorded by our Castle niaine correspondent ; next a resident near Kilmore having his throat cut by a negro whilst sleeping in his bed early on Sunday morning ; on Saturday a fatljer whilst out rabbit shooting near 3£eiior accidentally taking away the life of ono of his young softs ; a Chinaman murdered at Dunollyby larrikins—these iu addition tp minor troubles allinvolvinghuman suffering. Then from tlieothcr side of the world we have news that tho venerable head of tho Church of England is lying on the point of death; that tho blind but extraordinarily gifted Professor Fawcett, the English Postmaster-General, is desperately ill, and lastly that the popular and prolillc novelist, Mr. Anthony Trollop, is again seriously ill. Tharo is certainly much melancholy reading in to-day's issue. Tkukiule Railway Accident.—Elsewhere particulars supplied by our correspondents will be found of a shocking accident, which occurred on Saturday evening on the railway line, near Hawthorne, a train from Melbourne dashing into a special coming down the Lilydale line which latter was only opened for traffic last Friday. So far as is known -10 persons arc more or less injured exclusive of one since dead, and inclusive of three or four whose oases jiro considered almost desperate. Amongst those injured ia a Miss Stoffles, said to be of SaijdljuHtj .Wongf tlje list we recognise the names o{ several IfftJjis district. The station-master at "Uaivwio'w (3 |)S',4 directly responsible, ami lias been suspended. It is averrocl that, he allowed the special train coming oft' the J.illydale line to dash into the one coining from Melbourne, owing to the proper signals not being exhibited. The Exolish Cricketers.—The match be tween the English and" New South Wales elevens was continued at the Association ground, Sydney, on Saturday, and from the heavy score made by the Englishmen, a one innings defeat for New South Wales is almost inevitable. The heavy scoring of the Englishmen demonstrates the very weak bowling of tho New South Welsh-, men, in the absence, of Spofforth, Garrett, and1 Jones. Evans was playing in the match, but had only arrived from the country on the .pre vious day vand was much out of form. The highest scorers for the Englishmen were Leslie with 1-14, and Barlow • with SO. 'W hen thet stumps were drawn for the day, the Englishmen; had lost eight wickets for 441 runs. > . : Fire in Hargreaves-street.— Last evening about half-past ten o'clock a weather-board cottage in llargveaves-street, near tlie junction of Short- street, occupied by a man named Cherry, an employiS of Mr. Noble, the timber merchant, was discovered by some passers-by to be on fire.. The neigh bors were alarmed, and with the aid of buckets of water the flames were at last ex tinguished, but not before the interior of the place had been destroyed. A3 the flames did not,burst out through the roof the fire was not observed by the watchman on the tower. The Council Election's.—To-day at noon, at the Town Hall, the returniug- officcr, Mr. J. A.] Woodward, will make the official announce ment in regard to the Northern Province. Mr. Sterry, it is understood, will deliver a short "address, as also will Mr. Winter, if present. Regarding the North-Western Province, only' six small returns have yet to coriie to hand.. Those received on Saturday further increased the lead; of the winning candidates, Messrs. Bell, Coutts, and Young. The greatest majority obtained last Thursday waa by Mr. Ormond, in the South-Wcstem Province, which includes Geelong. He beat Mr. Hopkins by no less than 9l3 votes, the figures being 2,193 against 1.2S0. Apart from other reasons, Mr. Hopkins lost the seat by promising to support a separate educa tional grant for tho Catholios. Election- of Sir Henry Park es.—A Sydney telegram reports that a vacancy has been found for Sir Henry Parkes, who last Thursday was rejected at East Sydney. On,Saturday lie. was nominated for Teijterflold, and returned un opposed. . Gold, Calls, and Dividends.—Tho gold re turns on Saturday were very good, fully 5,600 ozs. being sent in. Tho principal contributors were Garden Gully United, 524 ozs.; Belmont and Saxby, 519 ozs.; Shenandoah, 476 ozs.; private claims, 420 ozs.; United. Devonshire, 409 ozs.; North Shenandoah,'398 ozs.; Rose of Denmark, 249 ozs.; New Chum Railway, 235 oza.; Johnson's Gold Mines, 151 ozs.; Catherine United, 147 ozs.; Eastwood's, 105 ozs.; Park, 103'ozs.; Princess Alexandra, 102 ozs. The principal amalgam returns were :—Lady Barkly; 548 ozs.; Ellenborough, 450 ozs.; and Garibaldi, 364 ozs. The dividends were nine in number— Garden Gully United, Belmont, Shenandoah, North Shenandoah, and United Devonshire Is. each; Rose of Denmark, Princess Alexandra, Hercules, 6d. each; and United Perseverance, 3d.—and amounted to £9,639 93. Owing to the near approach of " Ghost Wednesday," the calls are heavy, amounting to £2,324 0s. 5d; The respective totals for the 4S weeks of the year-to date are Gold, 187,916 ozs.; calls, £191,2S7 13s. 9d;; dividends, £303,940 15s. <kl.: divs. over calls, £109,653 Is. 7(1. ! Handball.—A series of haiulbali '•■-matches took place at Barrow's ball-court on Saturday last:—Ryan beat Wilkey by two aces; Ryaii beat Kettling by threo aoes; Walsh and Corr beat O'Brien and Ryan by two aces; Walsh and O'JJrien beat Stephens and Ryan by nine aces. On Wednesday next a hand-ball tournament extending: over three days will be commenced. The players will include Messrs. Canterbury, Kirkby arid Egan, of Melbourne. A Commqtion".—About lialf-past eight o'clock last .night when Pall Mall was crowded with pronienaders some commotion was created among the many hundreds on the lower block by piercing screams being heard from the Ciiinp Reserve, near tho fernery. Largo numbers of .pcrsonB immediately rushed across to the Park wliero a young girl was found in hysterics. Her friends were endeavoring to bring her round, and ultimately recovering she was removed to her home. It seems she is subject to hysterics. A Miraculous Escape.—A correspondent writes:—A farnior named Archer, living in the eastern part of the parish of Runnymede, whilst cutting hay on Friday last, very narrowly es caped an accident which might have been very serious, if not fatal. The horsea which were attached to the reaping machine beingsomewhat eollar-proud, refused to pull on coming tosome soft ground, and became restive and unmanageable. Mr. Archer's daughter was driving, nnd he him self sheaving. Vi1hen he saw the horses were beyond the girl's control, he told her to jump off the machine, and he did likewise himself, avoid ing the knives in dismounting. The horses still continuing plunging, overturned the machine on Mr. Archer before he had time to got clear. But fortunately at this juncture tho hook connecting the horses to the niachino broke, and they got away, leaving him pinned by the reaper. When relieved it was found that he had entirely os caped injury save p, slight scratch on one of his legs. Sacred Music in the Camp Reserve.— Owing to a large part of the lower reservo where the rotunda is erected, having been allotted to the public ,buildings, it is necessary that the retunda should be removed to a more suitable position within the park. It was proposed by the City Council to remove the retunda to the top of tho hill, but it was decided that Hallas' Band should bo oonsulted as to the desirability of tho site. Yesterday the band played on the top of tho hill, and as might have been expected, the music was but faintly heard by the nume rous pronienaders beneath the hill. No doubt the council after yesterday's experiment will fix on some more suitable site. The Grassy Flat Reservoir.—The water in the Upper Reservoir at Grassy Flat has been lowered below tho breach in the bank, and out let valve closed. The water yesterday was just level with the top of the cage which encloses the valve, and there is consequently about a depth of S or 6 ioet of V;'<vtcsr left in the reservoir. The water must be just at the edge oi the out ting. To leave the reservoir in this state is an exceedingly dangerous proceeding, and the de partment should take measures to run the re mainder of the water off, or to lower it suffi oiently to show the oxistenee of tho cutting to visitors. With the water a few feet from the edge of the cutting, and the habit of drivers of buggies and carts of driving in to give their horses a drink, thero is a great risk of a serious calamity. Electoral Rights.—The number of rights issued by the registrar of the White Hills division of the Sandhurst electorate for the general roll, which closed last Friday, waa 82, of which 10 were taken out on the last day. Erection or a Gymnasium.—A suggestion in regard to the erection of a gymnasium in connection with the Sandhurst Mechanics' Institute will be dealt with this evening at S o'clock, a special meeting of subscribers having been convened for that purpose. As the matter is one of great interest to the subscribers, and is calculated to considerably affect tlje future of the institute, it will bo desirable for all sub scribers to attend who can make it conveniont. The Rev. Arthur Graves (our Melbourne correspondent remarks) has gone to gaol for 12 months, and clergyman or not, the sentence was one which his offence—indecent exposure —well deserved. The jury on Saturday had a good deal of difficulty .over the case. First of all they came into Court and said that the prisoner was guilty of exposure, but not in a public place. This verdict could not be taken, and their next attempt was equally unsuccess ful, vis., guilty of careless exposure. Ulti mately . it verdict of guilty with a recom mendation to mercy wag arrived at. Judge Cope, in passing sentence, said the of fcncc was a most atrocious one, and if the prisoner was what he represented himself to be it was a reason for makiutr his punishment more severe. The prisoner said ho had nothing to say against the verdict, but he hoped he would receive the mercy which the jury had recom mended. He took the sentence pretty coplly. Exhibition of Shells.—Mr. Joseph A. Flatow, conchologist, who wa=s in Sandhurst last May, sjiuouuciis that ho will open in tho Masonic Hall with a larger and more extensive exhibition of shells than before. Admission to tho exhibition is free. Hallas' Band and the Public —In another column it is announced that Messrs. N. Hallas and H. V. Byrne have been appointed to wait on the public of Sandhurst for contributions in support of the band. Following the return of Mr, Hallas from Tasmania the improvement in the band hi? bgen exceedingly rapid, and the members can now claim that it has been re stored to its past standard of excellence. It would bo, from a musical point of view, a loss to the city if Mr. Hallas was again compelled to leave owing to want of support. Another advertisement states that there are a few vacan cies in the band for young musicians. Charitable Concert.—On Wednesday even ing, in the Royal Princess Theatre, a vocal and instrumental ooncort will be given in aid of tho widow and family of tho late Michael Walsh, well known at Long Gully. Tickets for tho concert have sold rapidly, and as the object is most deserving thero is little doubt that there will be a crowded house. Irrespective altogether of charity an excellent programme has been prepared, including the names of many of our leading amateurs. City Court.—Messrs. Stamp and Karl Van Damme, Js.P., attended on Saturday. Two boys whose parents reside in Mundy-street, were charged with being neglected children. C-onstablo Yelland stated that at three o'clock that morn, j jjig jje f<?und the boya in a vacant allotment i:t Mundy-street, near the Manchester Arms Hotel. One of tlicm was sleeping in a tank in which there was a quantity of straw, ami the other had just came out and stood beside the tank. The mother of one stated that he had run away the previous night. He was; not exactly right in his head, but if he was discharged she would endeavour to look more closely after him. A sister of the other boy told the bench that her mother had done her best to send the boy to school but he would not go. One boy was sent to the Royal Park Industrial School for twelve months, and the other was discharged with a caution. "' The Latf. National Show.—At the meeting, of the Agricultural Society on Saturday after-' noon, Mr. H. M. Marks, the secretary, sub mitted a statement of the receipts'' and expenditure in connection with the late National Show. The receipts, including the Government subsidies, amounted to £2,320 13a. 7dl, and the expenditure to 01,755 us. (id., leaving a credit balance of £5G5 Ss. Id. This satisfactory state of affairs was viewed with' much gratification by -the- members, and it was stated that that was the first time since the existence of the £.oeiety that it had been out of debt after a show. The secretary was spolteu of as being most energetic and untiring in his' endeavors, and it was decided that at the annual meeting, which will be held in February, a bonus should be given to him. All present appeared unanimous that his services should be thus recognised. Eaglkuawk Police Court.—Mr. Webster, P.M., and the Mayor (Mr. Kneebone, presided at the court on Saturday. A man, named Joseph Dowling, was charged with being a lunatic. According to the statement of his brother, the unfortunate man had been blind and deaf for seven years, and had been, living with him for four years. During the past twelve months his mind began to weaken, and he was now an uncontrollable lunatic. Drs. Thom and Marr examined the man, and on their recom mendation he was ordered to be sent to' the' Kew Lunatic Asylum. A lad, named Jesse. Toman, was charged with having no lawful: means of support, but as it was proved .that he; had obtained employment at Campbell's Forest he was discharged. The case against John • Watson for assaulting Elizabeth Brown, on 4th November, wa3 again adjourned for a week, as a doctor's certificate was produced stating that' prosecutrix was unable to attend. The court then adjourned. Fihe at'California Gully.—The residents of Eaglohawk and neighborhood were arousad at about half-past three o'clock on Saturday morning by the -ringing of the Eaglehawk fire bell. Several members of the brigade turned | out and took their reel to the fire, which was hear the Nelson or Johnson's No. 3 Company. However, "before they could render any assistance the building—afour-roomed weather board one, and owned by a man named Joseph Lebean—was burnt to the ground. The flames spread, with such rapidity that the occupiers had a; narrow escape from being burnt to death. Only ai se.ving-machine and a few trifling arti cles were saved. The fire is supposed to have originated through the bursting of a kerosene lamp, which had been left burning in the kitchen to prevent. boys from robbing the garden; , The whole of the contents, including some jewellery and money, were destroyed, ana Mr. Lebean estimates his los3 at about ±'200. The building was insured in the Mutual Com pany- for £50:and the furniture for £75. Bexdico Benevolent Asylum.—The com mittee sat at the usual hour on Friday. Present —The, President (Mr. J. Ellison) in the chair, Messrs. E. W. Kirby, Herman, Steane, and Pallett. Applications—31 applicants were re Ueyed by orders upon stores; 29 in kind from the institution; aid to ej^ht cases was stayed, and one adult was admitted. Reports from medical officer, superintendent, and collector were 'read: and received. State of the house— Adults, 132; children, 82; total, 214. Out-door —Heads of families, etc., relieved during the week, 26S. The superintendent reports the death of James Dormer, aged 72, native of Carlow, Ireland, on the 30th November, from chronic phthisis. Arrived in Melbourne from San Francisco, per the William Wallard, 1852. The superintendent also acknowledges receipt of the: usual files of Public Opinion and the Federal from Mr. Burrows, printer, Bull-street; and a parcel of periodicals from Mr. George Williams, Eaglehawk, for the inmates. Challenge Pigeon Matcii.—List Wednes day two matcheswereshotat theHulfwayHouse, Marong. Mr. G. Arblaster beat Mr. C. Hous ton easily, and Mr. Reardon secured an un doubted victory over Penthouse (an assumed name). Following these matches Mr. Dalton was matched to shoot Mr. J. Arblaster on the 20th December, at Thomas's Halfway House 11 bivds aside, the backers of Mr. Dalton laying £35 to £25. In addition to this match, one which was to have been fired last Wednesday will, in all probability, oome off at the same timo. Bendioo Miners' Association.—The weekly committee meeting was held at the office on Friday evening, the president (Mr. J. Sneddon) in the chair. The stewards reported that most of file members on the accident fund are pro gressing favorably. Two of them have gone to the Eye and Ear Hospital, Melbourne, Aoci dent pay was granted to twenty-two members, eight of whom have u»ain resumed work. It having been reported that some of the members on the accident fund had been seen in a state of intoxication, and often from their homes late at night, the committee, to mark their disapproval, resolved that any member while in receipt of accident pay drinking intoxicating liquors with out an order from the doctor shall forfeit all claims on the funds, and should he bo found from his own home after sunset, without the consent of the committee, he shall be subjected to the same penalty. Twenty-five mombers joined during the past week. Seats is the Fernery.—The cool resorts of the fernery, in the Camp Reserve, attracted an unusual number of visitors yesterday, and owing to the heat of the day many remained undor the shade of the fern trees, where grateful pro tection from the rays of the sun was afforded. Complaints, however, were made of the insuffi ciency of seats. The few seats were crowded throughout the whole of the afternoon, and numbers, lo'h to leave, were compelled to stand about unable to rest themselves. The sitting accommodation could be increased qt ft ?o,n\pva tively small outlay. The AccdJE.vi' in the 1'rixce Alfred Shaft.—The injuries sustained by the throe lads, Wm. Opie, James Treliair, and Thomas Naukervis, who fell down the shaft of the old Prince Alfred Company, at Long Gully, on Friday afternoon, appear to be more serious than was at first anticipated. Young Trehair, upon closer examination by Dr. Atkinson, was found to be suffering from an injury to the. left lung and a fracture of the ribs, besides both his legs being broken. He still lies at his parents' residence, but was yesterday, if anything, slightly improved. A rumor was circulated an Saturday that the lad had expired, but fortu nately suL'h \yafi not tfop gaso: ' Th'o boy Opie lips in the Benctijjo Hospital, and, although in groat pain, there is every liopo of his recovery. The other lad, it is said, has lost the sight of one of his eyes. To-night James Stuart, V.X., will commence tho second series of his popular entertainments at the Temperance Hall. The subjects treated are of a most interesting chara.ctev and in dealing with them Mr. Stout oomblne.4 amusement with instruction. The gift distribution will bo as usual most liberal, every person will obtain a prize, and the first, second and third prizes for this evening will be a ton of wood, handsome rocking chair, and a unique musical box. To-day at two o'clock, at their rooms, Messrs. J. Andrew and Co., will offer for wile on account of Mr. Holmberg, Victorian representative of the house of Holmberg and Co., a large collection of oil paintings and oleographs. The pictures wero on view at the auctioneers' rooms on Saturday, and attracted considerable attention. This evening, in connection with the anniversary of the Specimen Hill Wesleyan Sabbath school, a tea and public meeting will be held in the schQQl yoorrit . 