TEA MEETING. The annual soiree in connection with St. Stephens Presbytorian Church was held in the Town-hall yesterday evening and proved most Huocessful and enjoyable. A lar^u number of persons representing the varioun congregations in town sat down to an excellent tea generously provided by ladies of the congregation, and which was laid on tables profusely decorated with bouquets of bcautitul flowers. After tho tea tho largo hall was cleared for the public mcetiuir and a concert which was presided ovor by the pastor of tho church, tho Rev. W. S, Rathjen. Tho meeting having been opened by singing and prayer The Chairman expressed his pleasure at presiding at a meeting attended not only by tho membors of his own congregation, but by so many representatives of tho various flections of tho Christian churoh in this town. Ho was much gratified nfc the ovirk-ncea of Christian unity in Too. woomba, which, be believed, resulted largely from the united religions meetings held in Toowoomba from month to month, an i lie asked ; Was there not in every Christian community enough standing ground on which all tho peoplo of God could meet and reoogniso each other? Ho believed there was, and that there could be unity, although there need not necessarily bo uniformity, and in order to resist the common enemy of their religion, there was ground on which they could and ought to unite. Ho called on tho Rev. Dr. Nelson to address them. Dr. Nelson, who took for his subject 'The revealed ido.i of God,' spoke briefly, giving a very able disquisition on the themo Tho revealed idea of God he said, was a trinity in unity, or unity iu plurality. In order to make the thing as plain as possible, three things must bo clear to tho mind none of them could bo wanting, neither could they be added to, and therp was something in the very fact that these attributes were a trinity in themselves. First, there must be intelligence, secondly feeling, and thirdly will. These attributes were essential to any being, aud were evidences and essentials be longing to all spirits, whether to the great Creator himself, or to any finite being or Quito person. Sensibility or feeling was ascribed to ftod, because ' He takes pleasure in them that fear Him.' Will was also an attribute of His, because He said, 'My counsel shall stand, and I will do or perform all my pleasure. ' Personality was bronght to light in three distinct ways. Thus when will predominated, the Father was the principal agent ; when sensibility was brought out the Son was the agent; and when intelligence was shown the Holy Ghost was the agent ; and as one or other of theso attributes was brought to light a distinct agent was shown. In conclusion, he pointed out that the trinity iu unity, and unity in plurality of the Godhead was perfectly claar. mid was u common ground on which Chris tians could meet. . TheltBV. J. T. WARAKERcongratnlatedtho chairman on the very successful meeting as a sign not only of the affection of his own people but of the respect iu which be was held by the members of all demouiuations. There was a time when churches, like individual!!, had to inako a venture, aud that time iu the history of St. Stephens church ho thought had fully come. The early Christians, when receiving the commission to convert the world had had to make a great venture, aud, believing in Him who sent thorn, they had turned tho world upside down. What the churches needed now-a-days was more steam nnd fewer buffers. He hoped they would make the new venture of building a stone church, the members of which would be 'living stones' in tho great spiritual temple of tho Almighty. The Rev. K. J. Rodu expressed his pleasure at responding to the invitation of the Chairman to attend that meeting, and wus there to show his pratical sympathy with him. Tho churches ought to stand close together because evil was rampant, and some of the phases of social life wore so discouraging that they needed to hold up each' other's hands. Referring to amuse ments some of the forms of which the church could not commend, ho said it did not become the church to run down tho amusements of society without endeavoring to provide some other attractions. While saying in effect to the young; You must not go and play in this pasture they had not found other pastures for them. Lot tho church provide means of amusements that would tend to make them not only cheerful, but wiser, and better. He was glad to see tho enthusiasm at that meeting, and would like to see it sustained all along tire line of church work, for there was a great deal of work to be done, and ho should like to see workers coming forward. He concluded an interesting address by humorously expressing the pleasure ho should feol at tho erection of the new' church opposite his own. Rev. Mr. Kedu after some congratulatory opening remarks, gave an interesting address on ' Churoh growth,' meaning thereby ex ternal, and also spiritual growth. Mr. Tavlou, divinity student, having de livered a brief and tolling speech Mr James Campbell congratulated the chairman on the succesB of tho meeting and the prospects of the congregation noon having a new church in which to worship. Mr. J. H. Robkrtson referred to the plans of the proposed newchuruh, before the meeting. He pointed out that there wero two plans, one for a churoh of wood aud one of stone, the latter being by far the most imposing in appearanoe, He stated that it. was estimated to cost a little over £1000 while tho wooden structure could be erected for a little over £1000. The usual votes of thanks to tho speakers, the ladies, for providing and presidium at tho tea, the choir,- &o.;, were carriod by acclamation. At the opening of the mooting apoloqios were read for non-attendance from the Kev. T. Jones, Messrs. Groom and Aland, aud the Rev. Mr. Thatcher was also unable to attond. At intervals during tho evening tho choir rendered several anthems in a most effective and pleasing mannor. There were also a solo, a duot, and a quartette, excellently well sung. We learn that tho amounts already col lected and promised towards the new church exceed XIOOO, and that it is almost more than probablo that a stone building will be erected, and an effort will bo made to open it clear of debt. 