IPSWICH. (FROM OUR OWN COHUi:Sl'ONDr.NT.J Dccomborll. A LARGE number of persons assembled on the Ipswich platform yesterday morning, to take advantage of the train going to the Peak Mountain, conveying passengers to the inaugural ceremonies of the Roman Catholic church recently erected in that locality. The different stopping places on the line were crowded with persons anxious to take part in the opening services of the church, and when the train arrived at its destination there could not have been less than about 300 persons in the carriages. On arrival at the Peak Mountain a procession was formed in the direction of the church, and on arrival at the building the number of worshippers was far too numerous to be accommodated inside. The Rev. Father Moran conducted the ceremonies. After the conclusion of the dedication ceremonies, an adjournment was made to a spacious marquee erected at the rear of the church. Hero a very substantial repast was displayed, the good things having been provided by the residents of the district. A collection was taken up at the conclusion of the ceremonies niidthchaiiilsouicsmuof £85 13s. 9d. was realised. In addition to this amount some £20 was taken for tickets to the luncheon, which will give a total amount of something near £100. Some showers of rain fell during the day and somewhat interfered with those persons who were unfortunate enough to be compelled to remain outside the building. The musical portion of the service was extremely well rendered, and the members of the choir had evidently devoted no inconsiderable time to the proper rendering of their several parts. The ground on which the church is built has been gratuitously given by Mr. M'Donald, proprietor of the Peak Mountain Hotel. Unfortunately several of the larrikin fraternity were present at the public- house, and conducted themselves in a very unseemly manner ; there was a total absence of any police protection on the occasion. I SEE (writes "Endymion") that my old friend O'ltclly Pasha has been sentenced to death, and that through British clemency his sentence has been commuted to exile. O'Reily seems satisfied, and I suppose I ought not to complain, but all along I have been of opinion that he was more sinned against than sinning. He may have had personal ambitious, and boon groping to their accomplishment in a stupid sort of fashion. But why should he not have ambitions? The dynasty of the Khedive is not so ancient nor its origin so illustrious that a man like O'Reily should be afraid to "reform" the whole concern, as many an adventurer has before him done, with his sword for the principal instrument. Besides, there is no doubt on my mind that O'Reily was all the time acting under instructions from Stamboul, and was loyal to the power which he regarded as his highest authority. About his patriotism I know nothing, nor does it matter beyond this, that the poor wretches of Egyptian peasantry could not be more harassed by film than they have already been. But the question now is what to do with him. He is condemned to exile, and it is believed will be sent to some British possession. I wouldn't like to have to decide which British possession. It wouldn't do to solid him to St. Helena. France and the ghosts of the Old Guard would arise to avenge the insult. He is more of the Schamyl or Abd-el-Kader style of captive, and, while it would be a pity to pinion him on some bleak arid rock, it may not be wise to let this son of the desert have too much range. Happy thought ! Let him be appointed a commissioner to collect arrears of rent in Ireland. If, with his experience, he cannot do that work, then no man can and If while in the discharge of his duty some Fenian puts him through a course of land league treatment, the empire will be relieved of a serious responsibility, NEWS reached town yesterday (says the Mundalla Mercury of 2nd December that the manager of the Gamboola station had been waylaid by the blacks between the Walsh and Mitchell Rivers, and speared in the side and back.. it he reported that the unfortunate gentleman fought well and rode to a friendly shelter, where the spears were, after frightful incisions, ultimately extracted, but it is feared that he will not recover. 