PITH AND POINT. More outrages in Egypt on Europeans, Tho Harbor Tru3t Amending Bill now ho fore Parliament ia to be abandoned. _ Mr Murray Smith h»3 now fully entered in in» uaucA as u » Meat in Sydney has advanced a penny a pound, The railway to Dimboola-is to , bo, formally opened for traffic on Saturday. Monday uext is the 32nd anniversary of .the turning of the firat railway sod in Australia, The Taaniaoiah Juvenile Industrial . Exhi bition has taeu postponed until July npxt. Sieber has been committed for trial" for the Russell street slabbing affray. » Tasmanlttu gum-troea are being planted in | Western Australia. ' ' ' ; Sir Evelyn Wood will command ,tho force of occupation iu Egypt. The Supply Bill has boon passed through all its stages iu tho Legislative Council, The strike of the uavvies at Albury . is virtiW ally over. The comet visible at Bright for several nights. Ballarst municipal elections are creating much excitement. / Upjohn, the hangman, is said to he's great nuisance to passengers by the Coburg 'buses. Upjohu has quarters at Peatridge. Tho bodies of two young seamen of the- schooncr Magnolia have boen washed ashore at the Niuety Mile Beach. Tiickett arrived in Sydney yesterday ' and was accorded a warm reception, notwithstand ing ins signal defeat by Hanlan. . The strike of the Bore-holo miners at New castle is virtually ovor, the restrictions to arbitration having been removed. The authorities fear a wide-spread Fenian rising, and the Orangemen of Armagh aro organizing. "Tlio profligacy of the men on the front Op position benches" was the text of Mr Long morc'a speech in the Assembly lost nlglit In Western Australia there are only 67,496 acres of cultivated land, leaving G2G,043,8S7 acres waittug cultivation. Two of "the GameronlClan" died recently at Otago. One, tbe male, was 100, and tbe other, tbe female, 94, The second reading of the Melbourno Tram way aud Omnibus Company's bill was agreed to in the Assembly last night. A debate last uight in the Assombly for ex tending tho eight hours 'system to' the rail ways. The late Judge Billing's place 'on tho County Court bench will bo filled by Mr Jehu M'Farlano. ' 1 The export of butter from "tbe Tight Littto Island " to otbir colonies is greater at prosent tbau ever it was. The brigantine Agnes Jessie ' has been wrecked near Napier, on her way' from Lyttolton to Auckland, witha cargo of grain. - Mr J. W. Gray, ex-Mayor of Ballarat, is dangerously ill, and bis medical attendants Sieber, the young Hungarian, wbd was- yesterday committed for trial, is still' restless aud ex'citenble. . ; Thetoisa talk of the hou. Grahami.Berry being asked to stand for Maryborough at the next election. The second reading of the Gold. Duty Abolition Bill bus been passed in Now Zea land. 4 ' A share of L400 in tho Theatre des Varieties was sold by auction in Paris last week. It fetched L2200. , There are at preseut 4G1 miles of railway its course of construction in Now South .Wales, of which 108 will be opeued for traffic, in July ' Mr Lttlor, it is said, has. unofficially expressed an opinion/ that if the Ministry bad been defeated they would have bpen entitled to a dissolution. , It is said that' tbe ,wh'61eeale destruction of rabbits that' is going on' is depriving the dingoes of their food/and that tbo lattor, ia consequence, are invading the settled districts in troops, The City Council of Ballarat will tako formal possession of Lake Wendouree to-day. The Minister of Lands will be present, and tho Mayor will give a dinner at Craig'a Hotel in tbe evening, Mr. Linton is to receive one thousand guineas froin the Queen for his painting of the marriage of Prince Leopold. There is a regular series of pictures of every similar e vent in her Majesty's reign, ' 1 1 | Gustavo Dore's statue of A lexandre Dumaa— will represent bim at the age of forty- five, working in bis well-known deshabille, ' witb rumpled shirt and unbuttoned collar, ' It Is 'to ' be erected on tbe Place Mr-Jesherbes.; - ,''1' There seems to. bo a ghost season just'at present at ;Timaru/ N.Z. One of these yisitunts is having what' tho local journal calls " his second. winter.'' -The police have so far failed to secure him, '» '- . Mr Purves says that horses are-like 'mon— they cannot stand prosperity, Tliey ore'qUiet when they have to -work for a livingf; but when they aro overfed, and kept for some timo in the stahlo, they begin to kick aud become unmanageable.,, ... /.jfi ' Indian troops in cose of necessity, arc to bo despatched to Egypt. In the meantime it; tis said that the Egyptians are secretly preparing- lii the evctit of a hostile movemeut on the part of either England or Franco to destroy th© banks of the Suez Canal. " .?r - . its oiuu, ou;. uo tiio uuuierenco or cue Powers at Constantinople, the roproseniativ.es of England and . Frauce are urging the con ference to sanction the occupation of the Suez Canal, The French in tbut case will co operate Witb 12f000nicu, . . . .j. It 8ccms thero< was a general scramble for land at Darling Harbor, Sydney, The inton tion of tbo Government to., resume , possession was known tw months before tbe resumption, which alfordedftler politicians a grand oppor tunity for plunder. :jl. , Jem Moco has turned up in Otago, N.Z. He j and "Professor" Miller are 'forming classes tbero for boxing, wrestling and fencing. There is, too, a Maco and Millor Combination Troupe, which includes Messrs Mace and Barry O'Neill. There are six million miles of fencing in the United States, tiio total cost of which has boen moro than L400,000,000. The census report show sthat during tho census yoar tliora woreexpendedLlG.OOO.OOOalone.Offchlsamoun the largest contribution was from Illinois tb® second from Pennsylvania. The Empress Eugonie has won her case at Marseilles, and has boon awarded all her costs. Tbe town was defeatod stop by step on every point of law. Tho docision is said to have caused' unfeigned astonishment' in court, but was recoived with ovident satisfac tion , Mrs Sarah J. Gray, "tho coloured wifo" of tho Rev. John Gray, of Lexington, Kontuoky baB recovered L200 damaages In tho U. S. Court at Cincinnati," from tho Soutbora Roil- road for rofnsing her admittance to tho ladies' first-class carriage. Damages wero laid at L10.000, I A pleasing now departure has been mado in tho attire of ball-room waiters. An associa tion has been started, all the members of which adopt an extromely neat livery of blook with gilt buttons, and knee-brceohos with silk stockings, This precludes the gratification1 of their receiving hearty grootings as honored guests of tho bouse ; but it Improves tha appearance of a supper-room,1 and, moreover- v the liveried attendants exact a larger fee.tbatty. is paid Jo thom whon ordinary ovoning array/ of glijij '.fhSfi and tboir butlers. 