LAYING THE CORNER-STONE OF THE HOUSE OF MERCY, WAKE FIELD-STREET. ' On Sunday' afternoon, September 34, the corner-stone of the House of -Mercy, Wake field-street, in connection with the Order of the Sisters of Mercy, was solemnly laid by Mis .Lordship Vr. Keynolds, in the presence of a large number of citizens who assembled to witness the ceremony. A procession left St. Francis Xavier's Cathedral about 3 p.m., headed by the children attending the schools of the Sisters, followed by the members of the Order of the Children of Mary and His Lordship the Bishop, in fullpontificals.accom paniedbytheRev.FathersO Sullivan, Healey, Godolphi, and McQoskey. The Litany of the Blessed Virgin having been sung, Hi a Lordship and the attendant priests proceeded around the building singing tne psalm ' Miserere,' at the conclusion of which the psalm 'Nisi Dominus' was chanted. His Lordship then blessed the corner-stone, invok ing the aid of the Blessed Trinity, the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost, as prescribed by the Roman RituaL This having been concluded, His Lordship spoke as follows : — Having laid the corner-stone of this ' House of Mercy' in the name of our Lord Jesus Christ, I will address you a few words on this auspicious occasion. As the name of the structure indicates, the work of mercy is to be carried out herein in all its completness, and I must here say that it is only in keeping with the spirit of that great and noble minded woman, Catherine McAulay, the founder of the order of the Sisters of Mercy, that a House of Mercy should be established in this city. It was on September 24, 1829, that Catherine McAulay began, in an humble way in Baggot-street, Dublin, a House of Mercy. I had the pleasure of hearing that great woman, and her words left upon me a deep impression— an impression that will never be effaced. Catherine McAulay saw the dangers to which youn^ women were ex posed in the City of Dublin, and she made a noble and successful effort to save them from the evil influences which are inseparable from all large cities. The beginning was humble indeed, but Catherine McAulay soon secured the help and aid of others, and in a short time she had the satis faction of seeing her long-desired wish an accomplished fact. Catherine MeAulay has passed away, and she has- received her reward, but her works remain. The Order of the Sisters of Mercy has suc ceeded in establishing schools, hospitals, dispensaries, and Houses of Mercy in England, Ireland, and Scotland, and also in our own loved land of Australia. Ataperiodin the world's history when Chris tians suffered underthecrneltiesof the Moslem and many of them had become the slaves of the Mussulman, God in his goodness called up a man in the person of St. Nolacke, who did wonders in rescuing captives from the infidels and restoring them again to their sorrowing friends. But great as that work at that period undoubtedly was, Catherine McAulay's, in still more modern times, is equally as deserving of our unqualified admira tion. To look after those in a city who are the most deserving of care is a work worthy of those animated with the spirit of Christ, and the Sisters of Mercj- since their arrival in this colony have been most anxious to carry out the intention of their founder, Catherine McAulay, and establish a House of Mercy amongst us. Thanks to many kind friends who know and appreciate their self-denying labours, they have Deen ensouraged to under take the present structure ; and though it is humble it is certainly an improvement on the adjoining building, in which the. first attempt was made to found a House of Mercy in this colony. To begin in an humble way, however, is characteristic of the Catholic Church. The great Saviour of mankind himself came into this world in the humblest of habitations, and on this great feast of the Mother of God, under the title of 'Mother of Mercy,' the Sisters have fixed their corner-stone. Without the blessing of heaven no work can prosper, and as the Royal Psalmist says — 'Unless the Lord build, the house they labour in vain who build it ; unless the Lord keep the city, he watcheth in vain that keeneth it.' The great work that will be carried out in this house will meet with God's blessing, and I therefore confidently ask you to come forward to-day and show by your liberal contributions that you mean to aid in God's work, and thatyou will do vour utmost to bring this structure to a completion. We are assured that even a ' cup of cold water' given in God's name will not go without its reward ; anji hence, give according to your means.- As for myself, I regret that the de mandsupon me are so great for the erection of schools, churches, and kindred institutions throughout the diocese that I cannot give as largely as I could desire, but to manifest my earnestness in the work I will commence the collection by giving £5. I am sure you 'will do your best, and that funds will be forth coming to carry out the grand work that has been to-day so nappily and fonnally inauga rated. The total amount collected reached the respectable sum of £52 14s.' Cd. 