NEWS OF THE DAY. Tun patience of England and Franco ovor tho Egyptian difficulty is at last exhausted, and an ulti- matum has boen sent to the Khedive demanding tho resignation of ths present Ministry, ut tho head of which is Mahmoud Pasha, and tho tomporary banishment of Aiabi Hoy, the chief of the army, and other prominent ringleaders of the revolu- tionary movement. Upon the reply deponéis tho issue», war or peaco in Egypt. Although it has not been stated in 60 many words that the two Western Poiieis aro to havo tho absistsnee of Turkey, our special message of this morning implies that the Sultan will not only support England ami France, but that his troops aro to bo summoned to enforce compliance with tho demands contained in the ultimatum. Twenty-four hours aro given to tho insurgonte to make up their minds one way or tho other. ?\Vn_THj:n Mr. Parnell ontered into a compact with tho Government or not for tho good behaviour of himself and fellow-countrymen, ho has evidently changed a good deal for the better sinco bib reléalo from Kilmainham. Ho ECOS that it is expedient, if not right, for outrages to cease, and has on several occasions recently condemned acts which, prior to his incarceration, his conduct seomed to encourage. It will be recollected that one of our cablegrams publishod yesterday referred to the member for Tipperary as having mado a moat defiant speech in the llouso of Commons, in which ho appeared to approve even of tho Phoenix Park outrage. Mr, 1'arnoll on the following evening found it desirable to refer to Mr. Hil Ion's statement, and endeavoured to show that the bon. membor's remaiks would not bear the construction put on them by tho Premier. Our mcppnge adds that a rupturo in tho Parnellite faction ia tho Hou-o of Commons appears imminent. This would certainly weaken tho power of tho discontents, and might materially aid in the re-cstublishment of law and order in Ireland. Tim Australian Eleven commenced a match with an eleven of tho county of Surrey, at tho Kennington Oval, on Thursday. Tho weather does not Boom to havo been at all propitious, and tho attendance of spec- tators was thoroioro only moderate. The home team went in first, and pcored 17Ö, which must bo considered a fair porformanco on a bad wiikct. Eight of their number were caught. The Australian team had mado »ino, without tho loes of a wicket, when tho stumps were drawn. The namo of ono of tho Surrey team Didlo-is in doubt, and may probably turn out to bo Dryland, a county professional. MUCH comment has been made regarding tho reprieve of Plomer, charged with rape at Wagga. That tho man deserved hanging thero can bo no question ; and, al- though the Judgo who tried him declared that nothing less than the death penalty would satisfy justice and tho public, tho Executive had to deal with the caso "ac- cording to law." "Wo understand there was alegal diffi- culty in the way of carrying out the sentence. IK the Supreme Court yesterday, the Court dismiesod an application to stay piocoedingo in Stuart v. Brough- ton. In Ellis v. Bank of Australasia, a petition by the defendants to appeal to the Privy Council waa refused on tbo plaintiff'reducing the amount claimed by his declaration below _ü00. In Bourke v. Wright, a caeo stated by tho warden of Temora, the Coui t held that a miner's right would pass to the officiul assignee of Ihe j holder. In the Juri Court tho trial of Barnett v. City Mutual Insurance Society was not finished. In the Third Court the jury, in lloberteou v. Hepburn, found for tho plaintiff, damages £_8 10H. In Head v. Fulton, an undofendod action, tho plaintiff recovered a verdict for the amount claimed. In Jones v. Robertson, an action for compensation for la. 14p. of land at Surry llillB, taken by tho Government as the site of a Publie school, the jury found for the plaintiff, _7,f>00. His Ilonor the Primary Judge, for want of a court, had to submit to the inconvrnienco of heming business in his chambers. After disposingof several liconbing potitions he was called upon to dooido a reference from tho arbitrator in Bucknell v. Viokery as to commission hainn nllowcd to tho ilnfendant. His Honor, after hearing tho arguments of counsol, doclined to interfere in the matter, on tho ground that it had been decided by his predecessor that no commission whatever should be nllowcd. Sir W. Manning was occupied till late in the afternoon with other buf-ineps, which under other cir- cumstances would havo been heard in ono of til o eouitf. JÏ> the District Court yesterday a numbor of ca. sa. motions were hoard and disposed of, and tho jury case Lee and another v. Castnor was proceedod with. A OASIS which should command the attention of persons who aro owners of tenements the Mayor of Sydney has pronounced unlit for human habitation, in consequenco of their decayed condition, was hoard boforo Mr. Buchanan, S.M., at the "Water Polico Court yesterday. Tho complainant was Mr. Sapstord, tho City Architect, who was acting under tho direction of the Mayor, and tho defendant was Mr.-. Julia O'Xieil, the charge against whom was that she did not, attar due notice liad been given lo her to do so, vacate certain premises in Kent-street, which had been con- demned as unlit for human habitation. The information was laid under tho City Improvement Act, and tho case was the first of its kind although it will no doubt bo followed by many others. As it was tho first, however, the plaintiff did not intend to press for a heavy penalty, although he know that tho Act enabled magistrates to award as high as £20 for each day a person permits a house to bo occupied after it has been condemned. Tho object of Mr. Sapsford was to ascortain how far tho reading of tho Act in this instance would onable him to proceed against tho offenders. Condemnation of de fondant's property was passed during December, and notice to that effect was served upon her during tho following month, and although it may bo thought by some persons that she has becu favoured witb an exces- sive indulgence in not being prosecuted boforo this, she at hast cannot complain of being hurried into Court. Indeed, through Mr. Slattery, her solicitor, sho expressed thanks for the latitude extended to her, and pleaded guilty to the charge ; whereupon tho presiding magistrate imposed upon her a line of £ti, which was equivalent to three days at £2 each, and was the smallest possible punishment. Mr. Buchanan observed at tho samo time, however, that the case was an important one whether it were a test case or not. Tin Legislature, in his opinion, intended that the punish- ment should bo severe in its application, and for his part ho would see that in future cases of this kind their viowa were carried into effect. Tun sixth of the serios of articles on " Old and Now Sydney," published in another part of to-day's issue, deals mainly with tho growth of tho suburbs of Sydney during the past decade. Unfortunately, com- pleto official returns for the whole of tho suburbs havo not yet been compiled for a later period than Fobruary, 1881, sinco which date the advancement of most of tho suburban munici- palities has been very considerable. However, taking tho latest available returns, they afford ample proof of the most remarkable progress. In ten years tho total value of the ratable propeity of tho suburbs has increased from three millions to twelve and a half millions storling, vvhilo the ratablo property of the city and suburbs combined is estimated at a total valuó of 27 millions sterling, or noarly Fix millions greater than the valuo of the property in Melbourne and buburbs. In population and wealth tho city and suburbs havo progressed at a far greater into than the Victorian mntropolis, as will be seen from tho details published in the article. At present tho population of Melbourne and Buburba is a few thousand greater than that of Sydney, but if this city coutinues to progress at the present rate, our total population 10 years heneo will certainly bo much tho greater of the two. Ap- pended to the article aro lotters in reference to " Old Sydney." One of these ombodies the recollections of an old colonist, who describes tho city as he know it in 1821. Some of the rorainiicences read very curiously nowa- days. For instance, our correspondent speaks of Pitt street as being well grassed, aud ornamented after rain with puddle*, in which ducks used to disport. Nearly all tho houses were wooden, and soino of them on wheels, so that when tho proprietor of one did not do woll in ono locality ho could hitch on a team of bullocks and romovo his establishment bodily to another quarter of tho town. We. havo bren dcired to state that the registration, of tho namis of municipal electors foi the city will, in acordanco with Vet ot Parliament, torminate on lune 30, and that it will not only legulato mumcipil votxs, but those a bo in connection with the exeiciso of the local option principle. VN adjourned half yearly mooting of the Shipmasters and Officers' Aeeouition oí Austi ilasia took place la-t evening at their looms, Bridge strcot, Captain knowles was voted to the chair Ihe minutes ot the previous meeting were read and confirmed, and the payment ot accounts, including those in connection with the late pit nie, was voted Cuptain Lloyd, whilst thanking tho membeis tor the honoui conferred upon lum at the 1 ist meeting in elocting htm as ono of tho vice president", resigned in favour of Captain llountroo, who waa accordingly elected. The following gentlemen wore then elected as members-Captain Mav Newton as full membor, and Mogera Chapman and G. ]. Murphy is hot] memberp. It wasigiecd, on the motion of Cap- tain Lloyd, that honorary m imbers should bo nllowcd lo voto as full momboi» Iho lolloiwng gentlomen woro elected as a committee of management -Captains C ilder, II. V, ebbor H Croaker, J 0. Llov d Chudleigh, ivtiow 0% Stott Mann, Bendall, Sutbeiland, Messi*. 1 i i7bt, A. I cwmDton, (r Mons, Buzacott, II S, Bird, A Cameron, and Chapman 1ms concluded the busi ne s, ind the mooting sopaiatcd with a voto of thanks to the chairman. Tin- 1'ro'ection and Political P_form Leiguo held its usual meeting list evening at tho lemperauce Hall, tho vice president, Mr. W. Bichaidson, in the chair. Tho secretary, Mr. R C. Luscombe, reported that tho busiress of the League had progressed during tho past week dnd that tho report-, oideied were ready for dis cussion. Conospondenco from Mr. Glassop was read, and its consideiation doferred until no\t meeting, Iho Becretary was authorised to have the speech of Mr. L F Hcvdon, ML A, printed in pamphlet form, ata coït not oxceeding £11 Me-srs Laver and Bedggood ieaa the report they had drawn uo on Mr. Manuel a pamphlets and lottcrs on a National Bank for Now South Wales, and withholding our pubho lands norn sale, 'iho report was received and mado an ordoi for next meeting. Tho sowetary was instructed tosend ñecos ary papers and instiuctiona to Mr. Spar] s, of Parr unalta, to facilitate the organisation of a branch league in that diptnct It was determined that a public mooting bo convened at tho Balmain Oddfollows' Hall, on Monday, the 5th pioximo, if the building bo avail iblo on that date Iho Bathurst correspondence with rofoionco to forming a branch there waa con hidorod eatibfactory. \V_ havo boen requested to state that tho concert of tho Sydnoy Musical Union, which was postponed on Saturday last owing to the inclemency of the weather, will take place this afternoon at the Garden Palace. lu addition to the performance by the Union of Sullivan's "Martyr of Antioch," Mr. F. M'CJuado will (by general request) again play Beethoven's Concerto in G, accompanied by a full orchestra. Tho concert ia to commence at half-pabt two. LAST Thursday night, in connection with tho Tech- nical or Working Men's Collego, Mr. M. J. M'Laugh lin gave an interesting lecture in tho largo hall of tho School of Arts-which waa crowded-on the life and writings of the celebrated American philosopher. It. W. Emerson. The lecturer referred in his opening address to the friendship which had subsisted for more than half a century between EmcrsoD and tho lamented poot, II. W, Longfollow and in choice and olegant language showed the grout role thoy had played in the intellectual revival of 40 years ago. The lecturer then gave a clear and concise synopB¡6 of Emerson's method of treating thu great quebtions of tho day-history, art, scionco, and philosophy. Ho quoted from Emer- son's works, and also from Carlylu's " Sartor Bobaitue," some passages which carno in very aptly to sustain tho argument that the classics should not bo considered tho end but simply the moans of education, as education Bhould bo in Iho nineteenth century. Ho showed the dill'erenco botweon the treadmill system, which had no aim but the gymnastics of tho {lowers of the mind, and the Emersonian bj stein, whore progrusa is evor aimed at, where the powcis of the mind, after the preliminary exercises of othics, logic, "c, aro bent on the elucida- tion of tho different problems with which Hie and nature aro tcoming Mr. ¿M'Laughlin concluded byan ablo and judicious purallol between Carlyle and Emer- son, which wu-i giently appreciated by the uudienco ; in fact, the lecturer waB warmly apphiudod throughout. A vote of thanks wua pi oponed by Mr. D. O'Connor, M.L.A., who made some vory (innosite remullía in reference to tho futuro of such institutions as the Sydney School of Arts, and paid a well-merited com- pliment to tho Technical College. Tho audienco, who had shown great intorest in the evoning's proceedings, dispersed highly ploased with the intellectual treat afforded them. Mr. William Poid occupied the chair. Tin; inmates of the Institution for tho Deaf and Dumb and tho Blind had a great treat on Wednesday last, in honour of tho Queen's Birthday. Thoy wero supplied with tho usual roast beef, plum pudding, and other delicacies provided by the committee, and treated to a largo and handsome Christmas treo, tho gift of Mr. Joseph Graham, and the sweetmeats, &<s., kindly presented" by Mr. B. 0. noltermann, who had specially imported them from Germany for the purpose. In tho evening, thanks to Messrs. Myers and Solomon's generosity, thoro was a brilliant display of fireworks. Several of the old pupils and other visitors wera pre- sent, and Mr. Bobinson, the hon. secretary, presented the children with a number of prize card«. Every- thing passed off satisfactorily; all tho childron thoroughly enjoyed themselves, and towards the closo one of tho blind lads mado a speech, thanking Mr. lloltotmann and tho other gentlemen for their great kindness in providing such a handsomo treal, the niomory of which, ho said, would bo " both bright and pleasint." Mu. G. It.-Asn.T0N has ju6t completed a water-colour picture, tho subjoct of which will interest all native horn Australians. It is called "Tho Buckjumpor," and represents ono of those unamiablo creatures trying to throw a horseman, who sits like a rock, and looks determined to teach the animal under him to oboy tho rein. A police trooper in uniform, and ono in private clothes, aro looking on, and tho picture generally is offcetive and full of animation. It will bo on view to , day at the establishment of Mr. li. T. Cartor, Goorgc i street, near King-street. Wr. learn that tho stock of fixturos of tho Now South Wales Tailoring Company, carrying on business at No. 3, Bridga-s-treet, wero insured in tho Northern office for £t!UO, and that the building, which is part of tho M'Donald estate, was insured in the Liverpool and London and Globe office for £1000. Only a portion of the stock was destroyed by the fire, which occurred between 12 and 1 o'clock yesterday morning, but tho balance was damaged by smoko and the water used to extinguish the fire. The body of the man who expired suddenly in the bar of the Prince Albert Hotel, Redfern, on Tuesday evening, has been identified as that of a young man, named Robert Glendenning, a grocer's collector, who had been employed at a shop in Campbell-street, and resided in Buckingham-street, Redfern. Some time ago he was under a doctor's care for disease of the heart. An inquest was held by the City Coroner, at the Commercial Hotel, Elizabeth-street South, yester- day afternoon, when a verdict was returned to the offect that death was caused by natural causes. Ax accident of a serious nature occurred at Mr. G, L. Carter's clothing shop, opposite the Boyal Hotel in George-street, yesterday. The building had recently undergone alterations, and a number of plasterers wero omployed in doing tho comonting and finishing work of the front of the shop. The work was so much advanced that it was intonded to havo removed tho scaffolding to-day. About half-past 2 o'clock yesteiday afternoon, however, the putlocks drew from tho wall, when the whole of tho scaffolding fell into tho street, carrying fivo workmen with it. Their names aro Joseph Laughton, of Enfield, Liver- pool-road; John Toomey and John Doyle, of Burwood, and James Eobinson and Frederick Sherwood, Messrs. Laughton, Toomey, and Doyle, all of whom rocoived various injuries, woro taken to tho hospital. It was thoro found that several of Laughton's ribs on tho right side had boen broken, and that ho had a number of abrasions about the body and arms. The other men did not appear to have boen seriously injured, and after thoy had been attended to they went home. The men fell from a hoight of dO feet. t A YOUNO man named Ernest Corbett Stafford expired suddenly in Bourkc-street, last evening. Ho was em I ployed ao Messrs. Aldorson's tannery, in Surry Hills, left work at 0 o'clock, and waa on his way home when ho died. Deceased's mother is a resident of Double Bay. A CHILD namod Myles, aged 10 years, daughter of Mr. Edward Myles, of Eliza- street, Camperdown, died at half-past 12 o'clock yesterday morning. It appears that on Monday, tho 15th instant, tho little girl was stand- ing on a chair near a iireplaco in the kitchon endea- vouring to leach something that was on a shelf, when her olothos became ignited. A young woman named Cecilia Tereney, noticing tho child in flames, gave tho alarm, and with the assistance of others extinguished the uro. It was then found that the child had received some Bovere burns about tho back, abdomen, and arms. Dr. Kingbloy was sent for, and ho had the little sufferer under his care until yesterday morning, when she expired. A SHOCKING scene is described by the Pall Mall Gazette as having taken placo at a midnight meeting for the purpose of endeavouring to reclaim fallen women, held in the schoolrooms adjoining Orange-street Chapel., in Leicester-square, on March ¿ii. Some timo before midnight a number of ladies interested in the work wero to bo seen in tho Strand, at Charing-cross, Leicester-square, and tho Haymarket, giving tickets of invitation and admission to a conversaziono, whero tea and refreshments wero provided. The tickets in considerable numbers wero accepted, but many of those who accepted them formed a procession, and set off for the hall singing blasphemous parodies of hymns. They all sal down to tho tea and othor refreshments, but they lluug the cake, the bread and butter, and the spoons at one another, and used language of a vile character. . An attempt was made to sing a hymn, but it was parodied in a shocking manner. A prayor was noxt tried, but without effect ; and at a cry of " Load the way, Jumbo, and let's bo off," one of the number answered to the name, and led tho way, and a large i number of women loft the hall. Tho proceedings were then continued quietly. AT the annual meeting of the Livorpool Shipowners' Association (says Mitchell's Register), the chairman, Mr. Donald Konnody, said that now legislation, if not prudently carried out, might Berioudy ail'eot tho ship- ping of the nation. With respect to the load-line, iae thought tho only safe ground for thom was that, by whomsoever tho limit might bo fixed, it Bhould bo applied to each individual ship on her merits, and not on any imaginary scale. Ho then referred to tho de- crease in tho number of apprentices iu the mercantile marine, and suggested that tho Government industrial training schools for tho waifs and strays of the streots should bo largely utilized to keep up tho supply of seamen. Mu. GOLDWIN SMITH (obsorves tho Vail Mall Gazette), in a letter which we published, says that until " tho savago clansman is worked out of the Irishman's charaoter, and he is politically abreast of tho English- man, force (coercion) will sometimes bo requisite, as it is now, to uphold the reign of law." Assuming, for tho sake of argument, that thero is yet much of the savago clansman in the Irishman's charac- ter, and that ho is not politically abreast of the Englishman, let us put Mr. Goldwin Smith's further statement that in these circumstances coercion, " force as it now exists," is requisito to uphold tho reign of law to tho test ol' historical investigation. Mr. Goldwin Smith will doubtloss admit that thero waa as much of tho " savago clansman in the lriahman's character," and that he waa much less " abreast of tho Englishman politically," botwecn 1835 and 1840 than at the present momonfc Yet throughout thoso years Ireland waa governed without coercion, and " the reign of law " was as effectually uphold for that period as during any timo of political cscitomont, pre- viously or since. WITH regard to the block in tho cargo trade between Tasmania and Sydney, mentioned in AVednesday'a Herald, \ the hobart Mercury of Friday last says :-" Wo aro 1 rcquestod by tho manager of the Tasmanian Steam, Navigation Company to say, with reforenco lo the block of cargo upon the Launceston and Sydney line, that every offoit has been and is stili being mado to charter a steamer or sailing vessel to relievo it. Tho eamo difficulty baa been oxperiencod in Hobart, whoro tho Southorn Cross had to refuse a largo quantity of cargo still waiting tonnage. The exigent ins of tho mnil service, and the large quantity of cargo offering irom Melbourne to Launceston, preclude the oven temporary diversion of oitbor ol' the Hloaiiiera trailing ou that lino. The company bai only one ship unem- ployed, and filio unfortunately wau compellod to lay up to receive now boiluis Had the now steamor Coiinna, ordered specially for tho Launcoaton and Sydney trade, boen ilnibhod according to contract, alto would now havo huon aviiiluble, and tho whole of tho existing diflloulty obviuted. Shinpoifl at both uorts hayo doubtlosa been endeavouring independently to secure tonnage, and must havo discovered for themsolvos the difficulty thero exista." A MEETING of barmaids, waitresses in rofreshmont saloons, and others interested in women's work, was (says a London paper) held under tho presidency of Miss Emily Neale, in tho Melville Assembly Booms, I Bloomsbury, for the purpose of considering in what ! manner tho hours of labour of such persons might bo shortened. Miss Neale wished it to bo distinctly un- derstood that that was not a meeting called in fnvour of tho early closiiur of public-houses and refreshment saloons. The long hours, sho said, in whioh the majority of thom had lo work were something scan- dalous. No wonder so many of them d'ed ; no wonder frebh faces wero constantly appearing behind tho bara of refreshment saloons of London. After discussion a resolution was adopted roquwting employers to reduce the hours of labour for barmaids and waitresses by employing doublo tho prosent number without any decrease of salaries. A PAIISEJ: in London has had tho honour of raising another "oath difficulty." Wo take tho following extract from the Globe of March 24. :-" This forenoon a curious incident occurred in the city of London during the hearing of a case in which a Parsee gentlo man was called as a witness. Ho objected to bo sworn cithor on the Old or Now Testamontb, and, not being a Mahomedan, ho could not bo sworn on tho Koran. Ho mentioned, however, that he had a sacred relic about his porson as a charm, and ho thought by making a declar- ation and holding tho rolic in his baud, and not conceal- ing it, tho act would bo binding upon his conscience. Mr. Commisaionor Kerr Baid under tho peculiar circumstances ho would bo justified in taking tho witness's declaration, if at the samo timo ho held the charm unconcealed in his hand, aad doclared that ho would consider the act sufficiently binding upon him to bear true testimony in tho matter at issue. Ile always understood, howovor, that a Parson was usually sworn holding the tail of a cow, which was a sacred animal in India." THE fearful effects of the drought in tho Dubbo district aro commented on by a correspondent of the Argus, who descubes himself as "a sufleror by drought 30 years ago." In the course of his observation ho says:-" I know of two stations on which tho brooding ewes numbered 50,000, and every lamb dropped had to bo destroyed, in order, if possible, to save the livos of the mothers. When it is considered that within a radium of 100 miles aiound Dubbo things are in a similar condition, the immense loss of stock can hardly bo estimated. Your correspondent states that tho pro- bable loss in the district, should tho drought continuo, will likely bo 1,200,000 sheep, which means a loss of £90,000 or £100,000 in wool alone. His estimate is vory low indeod, for at a moderate calculation each sheep may bo ci edited with producing in a fair average "eason 5s. worth of wool, which lor the number named reaches tho largo amount of £300,000, whilst any sheep which may happen to sur- vive tho drought will givo but half the usual clip of wool, and that of suoh inferior quality as to causo a large depreciation in its marketable value. Adding to the loss of wool tho value of tho dead stock, including increase, it will bo found that in tho district named the losses to stock and station holde« will not bo over- estimated at £1,000,000 sterling. When it is con- sidered that this represents but a small proportion of tho country affected by drought, tho probable losses likely to acciue should the same state of things continue tbreo months longer can hardly be estimated, but muat reach several millions sterling. All thoEG who havo had any oxperioneo in connection with squatting in tho interior of Australia know full well that thoro is not the slightest chance of providing against theso periodical visitations of drought. Everything which human ingenuity and the invest- ment of capital can do has been dono in the way of water conservation, and on tho great majority of stations tanks, dams, and wells give what may bo con- sidered a permanent supply for the watering of stock. Tho great losses occur, however, through want of grass, owing to tho entire absence of rain, and as any system of irrigation ovor such vast tracts of country, extending for hundreds of miles over arid plains, without any perceptible watorcourses, is out of the question, tho same state of things will always be liable to exist." A LONDON correspondent writes to the Times of India :-.'* There will be more misohiof in tho columns of the Times boforo long if Mr. Walter does not look to it. The compositors thoro aro in such a state of mutiny that thoy are growing desperate. Tho other day thoy put in some lines of " pie " instead of tho ordinary set type, and it found its way into somo por- tions of the first edition. The mon charge Mr. AValtor with persisting in usiug costly machinery instead of their services. He insists upon sotting by tho now mechanical method, whioh, they aver, costs more, is less correct, and so slow that it neithor brings tho paper up to the dato nor eaves tho post. There havo boen interviews with Mr. Walter, and thero is much consul- tation ; but neither side will give way, and tho bost compositors aro going away from Printing House square." AN infant named Florence May Dodd, agod 13 months, and daughter of Mr. James Wm. Dodd, fell down a staircase at hor parents' residence, in Dixon streot, yesterday, and fractured ono of her thigh bonos. The child recoivod attention at tho hospital. TUE following is the order of mubical service at St. Andrew's Cathednil to- morrow afternoon:-Tours in F, and anthem "Como, Holy Ghost;" treble solo, verso and chorus, Attwood. 