BARMEDMAN. (FB01I OVB 0TO CO&nESPOXPEKT.;) June 5th. The Warden visited Barmedman on Saturday and there was an enquiry into the case of H asset v Hutehincon for encroachment. The affair took place upon the ground. This case was heard before the Warden on May 4 and postponed. Mr De Boos upon arriving at the ground fouud that there was no encroachment, and more over that Hasset held an excess of ground. How such a stupid blunder could have occurred is best known to the parties concerned, but the result of and costs was mutually agreed to. The money was paid and the necessary legal formilas will ensue. In the cose of Shaw v. Hasset er the Fiery Cross claim, there was an excess of ground hold by defendant. The dimensions of the ground awarded to plaintiff were 67ft at one end and 10ft on the oilier, subject to adjustment by the surveyor.. The miners have at present a great (rreivonce in the ab sence of a Warden's Court at Bar medumn. The fact is that Barmed man gives a wonderful amount of business to the Warden's Court in Temora, and the progress of this place is unquestionably retarded by the ex cessive litigation which has been a noticeable thing on Barmedman for twelve mouths back. The Warden has very kindly promised to come out every fortnight to dispense justice to the various suitors, but it is evident thaWe require a Warden's Court at Barmedman and also a Mining Begis trar will be a necessity if an alluvial lead should be traced at the Hjird to Find. Looking at the matter quietly and with an eye to my own personal comfort, the presence of the Warden upon liarmecman is br no means a blessing, for Mr De Boos is so popular with the mining population that the ordinary business of life neems to be suspended for the time being. The various bush lawyers are eloquent upon their particular greivances, and society appears to be in a ferment We rarely have anything in the shape of a row at Barmedman, but strange to suy, there was a fight soon after he arrived, the combatants being known respectively a\e the ' British Lion ' and the 'Bengal Tiger.' They took especial care to keep out of sight, but I may observe that Mr De Boos was only accompanied by his son. and W^re w«re^oo»nst*ble«~M hand. Messrs Solomon and Raphael, of Sydney, are now in Barmedman. These gentlemen are largely interested in Jackson's Beef, and have appointed a new manager. Mr W. H. Wellington, formerly of Temora. Mr F. Detores, at great personal inconvenience, has been managing the company's affairs for some time, and Mr Wellington's presence will now release Mr DetoVes. I may remark ' en passant,' that the latter gentleman has effected the sale of Deutscher's crushing plant, Temora, Co. for £1606 cash, so that the plant will not leave Temora. Jackson's have a chum £t the Hard to Find, and have, while searching for the reef, bottomed upon' it number of qnartz boulders and from one dishful of the wash about '15 colors of gold were obtained, so that it is reasonable to suppose that payable gold is in the vicinity of the shaft, as there is evi dently a deep water- eonne, for the adjacent shaft is _bat 35ft deep, and the one alluded to is over 90ft jack son's intend to drive, but slabbing will be required as (here ia a little water, and such things take tune. Monday Morning. Messrs. Solomon and Raphael, who are interested in Jackaon'a reef , have arrived on Barmedman. Mr. Salo mon ' went down ' this morning, and some stone was broken out of the reef. Immediately the quartz was landed the hammer Boon revealed an extraordinary quantity of gold' ia the solid stone. Piece after pieoo was broken, each showing three or four coarse specks, and a gentleman present offered to make a wagor that, in half an hour 80 or ICOlbs. of specimen quarto could bo obtained. When Messrs. Solomon and Detores wero coming out tho buggy broke down, find Kir. Solomons had to iralk aomo sevon or eight miles of tho journey. Mr. Dotoros came on to Barmedman, borrowed a buggy, aud found Mr. Solomon snfo nt the camp fire of the 'Maggie llnrrington,' noar the l'hoouix Hoot. Vkstkriulv, although a fin« cloar d«r- mi ? liitlhrlv Anlil aaa A TimiD call has been made by tho Sham rocK and Eureka Gold Mining (To. KrierjHKm weather just now; cbartniojr days and lovely nights. Tiif uouat manthlr meeting of tbe Hospital Committee lakes plaoo to-nigiit. Tnc Progrom Committee meet to-morrow night at Byrom's Hotel, Tits Vampires are at the Oootamundra District Court. TnE ghost of th« Wiatlo Woule prowls at midnight in Do Boot's; street. ' Some splendid course gold obtained in No. I South Tynan's on Friday last. Ant amount of shepherding being done about the Ballarat Tunnelling grounds. A uroe number ot teams are stock np on the Cootamnndra road, owing to the boggy state of the highway. Tut Colonial lYintty Art Journal lor May surpasses any previous issue for ' plain sad ornamental'' typography. Cobs and Co., in consequence of the high price of forage and the prospcotire heaviness of the road during tbe winter, have raised the fares between Ouotatnundra and Temora. 1m Butter Keg has *t hist found a redeem ing point iu Senior-Constable Oliver. Tbe gallant police omoer understands what is meant by ultra tint. TnE Orient Min»t«ls bad a meeting last night to arrange pr%liminariee for their new musical society. Tut population of Toronto, Canada, num bers 80,145. The churches can aocommodale -9,SG0 persons, and the attendance on a re cent Sunday showed 8S.796. Tbe Salvation Army movement in England has been condemned by most of the leading clergymen of the Church of England and ministers ot other denominations. Tok Bulletin says never such swearing vas heard in any Court as on the occasion of a recent ' Day' light robbery case. If the Editor had only been in the Warden's Court on Thursday last, we think his eyes would Jiave been opened. There is great distress among the people of Sweden, the mildness of the treather pre venting them from the transportation of pro duce by means of sleighs at usual. The sale ot the island of Hem to the monks of the Chartreuse by Mr Considine, the owner, has caused an immense sensation in Guernsey. The prioe paid for tbe whole territory was £6,500. Tbe Uiniug Bcgistqu has been snbpatned to iUe CouUmnndra District Court sittings ; his return. Meanwhile, Mr Zonoh, C.P?B., will reoeiTe applications for mining tene Octks to the Warden being snbpccoed to the Oootamundra Distriot Court, there will be uo Warden's Cottlt until Thursday, 15th in stant. Jutes and party, at the rear of the Setmt Hotel, Hoskins-street, are on a vein of gold, which tliry expect will tore out well, as the samples picked out are coarse, and a machine of dirt trill be tried in a few days, to test it. Tbe local gardens are patting on holiday attire and a view of them in De Boos-street will freshen up the visitors, as the cool morn ing air is fragrant with the perfume of sweet herbs and flowers. The nsual sittings of Ihe Small Debts Court will be held to- morrow ; but as there iB only one case for hearing— an evidence of commercial soundness — and theie may be a difficulty in getting two magistrates, the case will probably be postponed until next sittings on 21st inst Sib Henry Parkes will bring hack with him to Kew South Wales some valnablenurcnirt of his visit to the mother country, liis friends in Sydney well know that le takes much interest in the collection of autographs. During bis stay in England lie lias added largely to the handsome stock he has at home Among many specimens secured are Eome first-rale examples of the writings of Queen Elizabeth, of Charies tbe First, of Stratford, Van', Wordsworth, Landor, isi others. Setcbal gentlemen were standing under the Boyal Eioliange verandah, when a Kiuldbe fashionable lady passed on the op posite side of tbe way. - An 1' exclaimed a well-known T-unora chemist, ' what a com plexion! There is nothing like it in the town. I am proud of that woman ; I mlly am t' ' Are you her, Losband !' said a stranger?'1 'Ko.air.' ' Her lather, then J' ' No, fir ; I am no relation to her: but I am proud of her complexion. 1 sold it to her, and made it myself.' It may not be pleasant for cads and snobs to learn that Oscar Wilde, the too utterly consummate aesthete, is an Irishman ; and if he has Lady Wiide'e hatred of English tyranny, lie is his mother's long-haired ?boy Her denunciation of Kngtand, in which she proclaimed 'peace to the cabin, war to ibe «s*Ue.-»ssatar«llngly «fa-9,lKntaD4 utterly intense. Where, oh srhen, does Osear stand on'tuif question? Tbe Idlowing lines wow recently «i«aj«ttf» byaUwjert clerk to a lady who had a re markably long nose :— Once I my lair intmormta kissed, Whoa* nose was too diatingnuhed to be missed. Say* I, 'My dear, I fain would kiss yon duser. Bat thqngh your lips say yes, your nose aaya — no, sir!' Qe ought to bsve his cars well boxed. Tins MeOmtrne BulltUn has a capital article on gaffing at Temora. Ax Bor jsngget was got by Boarke . and party. Ijowbt Irtjad, who divided per share alt week £10 ISs per man, the worst divid end sine* the claim started. A mlma in the laondon Be\o says : — ' I have sean a latter fawn Emmeti, one of Shaw's team of cricketers, now in Australia, which e?ras a highly Interesting description of a ?drink1 tho players had with Ihe King of tb» Saniwich islands, ou the T9T«se of the Ent- Hnhnmo . to_, Ijonolnlg. They found his Majesty; a wonderfully ^otty teUow.'tnll of life and good, humour, in no way inflated, aad toad of hearing about Uw wonders of ? the wise white country.' Before separating he asked the cricketers to ban a drink with him. Barlow, ot Lancashire, is a teetotaler, and went in lor water, hot tH other* to a man preferred ' cham,' and bad' it to their hearts' content. The long said he should like to hear an English song, so Scotton. of Notts, and Bates, of Yorkshire, ?obliged,' snd tho potentate enjoyed tbe vooalism so much that he joined merrily in the chorus. Why shouldn't king* sine as -well a* other mortals*' Tub Directors ol tho Amelia Gold Mining Co. are awakening from their lethargy, as by our advertising column* we notioe that ten ders are invited for'slnklng ? main shaft on their western boundary. Loud BeaconBnetd'a literary executor Is arranging the Earl's earlier papers with a vlow to publication. The quantity ia very Urge, and among them an a large number of loiters of a somewhat romantic cast, written during his Eastern (onrneyings. There are among tbe papers many letters from tho Quran of special interest, but it i- doubtful whether these can be published just now. Her Majesty has permitted Lord Uowton to see Lord Beaoousneld's lotion to herself, ot which ho kept no ooploi ; but these too, of course, it is not Inteudad to print at present. Mb. Uuoker informs us that he is about making considerable alterations to the Court House Hotel, which, wben finished, will make this popular honn one ot the moat commo dious in tho town. It ii ovldant some people have faith in Temora. A coNutsroNDEKT writes that a newly, formed minlug Company, at Ilarmodman, ro ceutly purchased a crushing plant at Forbes, aud thpir agents at tbat place sent it per train to farramaita Junction, tliDDoa to June*, whore It had to be siml back to Ooota mandra. As the distanco to . Korbos from Bannedman la somewhore about 86 miles, our corespondent consider* that direct carriage by teams would han ba*n ooaiiaor ably cheaper, Tnt latest signs of civilisation at Banned tuan~-a prize flgut bclTOon the Bengal Tiger and the Britishtion, on Saturday night last. Result of the battle at fiftieth and last round —both up smiling, and general congratulation* in claret not having been split. Wa understand that the whole of the Sur veyor's work at tipper Tsmora waa sent on Sunday to the Minister for Mine*, Mr Con roy'* surveys comprising chiefly tbe Amelia Hill and adjacent working*. 