HOLLYCROVE HOUSE. A MYSTERY. Is Four Chapters. — Chapter I3L We were not a lively party. Etty pouted fust ever so little at being kept waiting, Kathleen was pale and silent, Cissy rosy, radiant, but very silent too. Templer had eves for her alone, and not a word for any- body. Red fern rattled away merrily enough, but neither Gharlie nor I cared to talk much. Ho, wa were anything but lively. When the ladies had left us to our own devices, we lost no time in communicating our story to Templer and Redfern. Templer was so filled and satnr&ted; with happiness that he did not appear to take in what we said, but Redfern, with all a true Briton's love of adventure and excitement, was at once alive to the whole thing. ' Tell you what, Charlie — we'll get out our revolvers and have a crack at the mysterious ode when next he pnts in an appearance, be said as we went to the housekeeper's room, where Pink waited to report to as the result of hie search. He bad found nothing. ' And, sir,' said Pink, ' I've screwed up that door on the leads. An evil-disposed person might have been lurking behind the chimneys. If so, he may ei&y; there for the night. I don't envy him. No, indeed. It was not a night to spend In the open air, for the moBning wind of the earlier hours of the evening had increased considerably, and now a whole gale was teftrSnjy over the roof, howling in the chimneys, and roaring amongst the farees, like the tur moil of an angry sea. Gharlie Wanted Pink to remain all night at the house, but he was not afraid of the storm; so, bidding him good-night, we ; returned to the drawingroom. | We were not in the humour lor much con-j vendition, and broke up early. By 11 o'clock! the ladies bad leit us to our tobacco. We huddled round the big hall fire, lit oai | pipes, and Bmoked in silence for awhile, the storm, now risen to a perfect tempest, chilling j as and checkingour tongues, as it seemed. I got hold of a magazine lying upon a table close at hand, Bedfern took up 4 The Field,' while Charlie buried himself in a newspaper. Templer alone sat idly puffing away at his pipe, gazing into the glowing heart of the fire. Four soberer-minded men could not be found in England. There were glasses, decanters, and bottles on a side table, hut none of ns had gone near them. We were debating the advisability of going to bed — at leaBt, I was— when with one consent we sprang up, looking into each other's faces. Where did it come from? What was it ? A dread sensation of horror seemed to seize upon us such as not one of us had ever felt before, and then we heard the same harsh grating sound as of heavy bolts being roughly thrust hack, and of rusty locks being suddenly opened, which had so startled us npon the previous evening. As then, the sound was followed by a rush of icy noisome vapour, and that sickening, overpowering charnel-house smell. We looked up to the corner of the gallery from which the sound seemed to come, and theh, we clutched at each other, and stood gazing at the fearful object which met our view. No nightmare vision of horrors — no fever- dream of s dis tempered brain could be half so terrible as -hat hideous thing we beheld gliding along the brilliantly-lit corridor. It was the figure of a man, taller than any one of us. Some semblance of black draperies fell from the lank shoulders, and floated behind it. The 'ivid. ghastly profile, with wet wisps of dull f=d hair straying over the cheek, turned towards us. We watched it pass swiftly, silently along the gallery. None of us daring to move or cry out, we watched that awful thing as it glided along its mysterious way. When it reached the middle of the gallery it paused, and turned towards us a face of such fiendish malignity that we shuddered te behold it, even through the disgust and loathing we felt at such a sight, for the face was as the face of one 4 three moons dead.' The lips, drawn back in an appalling grin of devilish malice, were black with decay. The eyeless soc ets seemed to blaze with some supernatural light. Even now, at a year's distance of time, I shudder at the remem brance of that loathsome vision. It seemed co bend over the balustrade, and glare at us thus for a breathless moment or two, and then it turned to pursue its stealthy way in the same swift, tilent fashion as before. I cannot tell the feeling which seemed to seize npon me and almost overpower me, as I beheld that frightfnl 'thing approach the room of the woman 1 loved. I have a vague idea that I cried out in abject terror. I am only certain of one thing. I wrenched my self from the grasp of my companions and ;ore up the stairs. Severn must have followed me, for we reached Kathleen's door at the same moment, and stood in breathless horror panting outside. Without a moment's pause or consideration, I flung the door opes, Severn sprang into the room. It was empty. Only the horrible smell seemed to rush in along with ns and take possession of the luxurious chamber, with its dainty feminine appointments, its bright fire, 'and shaded lampu We drew back, startled, yet relieved. 1 She's with Cissy or Etty/ Severn gasped out ; 4 how lueky for her ! She might have Keen it. I would not have that happen for the world.' £ sank back against the balustrade, a feeling of snch thankfulness in my heart as I had never known before. T could not speaks I could only nod to Severn in answer. Then I heard a voiee from below — Redfern "s — cry, 4 Well, did you find it ?' and Severn called, 4 Hush !' sharply, as another door opening on the gallery moved. We must not tell them,' he -added to me in a low whisper. 4 But she must not sleep in thai room/ I replied in the same tone. 'Will you tell her?' «If I can.' The door moved again very softly, and a bright head peeped out, but was at once drawn back as the clear eyes discovered the unusaal occupants of- the gallery. Severn went to the door. 4 Kathleen.' he said, 4 Kathleen, come here, I want you.' Something in his agitated voice strack her, for she opened the door and came out to us — a wonder of sweetness and beauty, some sweeping, trailing kind of garment falling in blue folds around her, and all the glory of her rippling nut-brown hair streaming loosely over her shoulders. She was pale at first as she stepped out into the fall light of the gallery, hut the hot colour rushed np Into her delicate cheeks in a crimson wave when she saw me. She p&nsed;, drew back, and would have retreated into Cissy's room had not Severn canght her arm. 4 Kathleen/ he said hoarsely, ' come here, I want you. She closed the door behind her, and came with him, a frightened wonder in her eyes. 'Is anything wrong? Is Etty ill?' she asked eagerly when we were out of earshot. 4 No, no — only you must not sleep in that room. You — I — Tottenham will tell.' Charlie grew incoherent, and pushing her towards me, said in a choking whisper: 4 Bayard, say something.' She looked into my face — snch a look — even through all my horror, dread, agitation, it set my blood tingling, made my heart beat violently. True, it was but for a moment, for the lovely eyes fell almost before you could count one, bnt it was enongh. The rush of new feelings which it awakened drove back the senEe of dread and terror of which I now began to feel ashamed, and recalled me to myself. ' 4 Miss Maguire,' I said, 4 Charlie is quite right, you must not sleep in that — that room ; you must find some pretext for going back to Miss Redfern's room — at least for to night-. We suspect — we have seen ' I stopped short. Charlie came to my < assistance. j 4 Kit,' he said, 4 you must do as we tell I you. We all have reason to suspect that I there is a trick being played upon us in this ! house — I fancy for dishonest purposes, so much so that I am going to send Kent to j London to morrow with Etly's diamonds. ' I'd go myself only I want to get to the bottom of the thing. We want yon girls to keep together, you see, in case of anything being I amiss.' j He was nervous and confused, and his | vo'c shook as he spoke. KafhTpgn looked from me to him, and from his face to mine in perplexity. 4 1 do not understand, said. 4 Some thing is wrong ! Why wilLyou not confide in mo? Iain no— no coward. She looked straight into my face as she spoke. 4 Tell me what there is to be afraid of !' I felt it would be unjust not to answer her direct appeal. 4 Charlie has told you. We fear there are evil-disposed persons lurking about the house for dishonest purposes, I began, but she stopped me with an uplifted hand. 4 No, no, there is something more — some thing you are afraid of coming to our know ledge. You do not wish me know what it is? 4 Certainly not — at least not now,' Charlie cried eagerly. 4 Kit, Kit, like a darling girl, stay with Cissy to-night, we'll have a talk about all this to-morrow.' Seeing how earnest he was about it, she put out her hand and touched his arm. 4 Yes, Charlie, she said gently, 4 1 will do what you ask, and I will restrain my curiosity until to-morrow. Good-night.' 4 You are a jewel of a girl. Kit, he said. Don't frighten Cissy if you can halp it.' 4 You may trust me,' she said, and turned to go. I thought she would have passed me with out a sign, but no, she made a little pause before me, and extended a soft little hand. I think I lost my senses for a moment, or her one quick glance had made me bold. I put the little hand to my lips- She did not resent it, only there was a lovely colour on her cftee and a carious twitching of her red lips as she left us. 4 Tottenham,' Severn said sternly, 4 tell Bedfern to get his revolver. I'll get to the bottom of this before I go to bed.' By this time Bertie Redfern had returned, having discovered nothing, and Severn went to the room in whieh Kent the butler slept to take him into our council. The man was less surprised than we expected when we told him of the events of the night. 4 1 did hear the place was 'aunted, sir,' ke «aid to His master. The family that lived here before left very sudden, but I just laughed at the story for foolish talk. It's a trick, sir.' Triek or no tried:, we four received to wateh all night in the hall, after we had made a fresh search through the house. Severn must go to his wife, as his absence might awaken her suspicion a, and, above all, everything mast be keptfrom her knowledge. Kent made up a rearing fire, and we sat down to wateh out the remainder of the night. The storm raged outside, roaring in the trees and crashing over the roof, doors creaked, windows rattled, wild gusts whistled through the keyholes. The fire burnt itself out to grey ashes, and was built np anew by Kent — the sleepiest of men — but no unearthly sight or sounds disturbed ns, until at six o'doek our vigil was broken in npon by a bateh of astounded housemaids, who stood in open-mouthed amazement te gaze at as four, lying in armchairs sound asleep around the dying embers of our third big fire. We sneaked off to our ehilly bedrooms and crept into bed to tiy and- have an hour or two's comfortable repose, and as a natural conse quence, breakfast at Hollygrove on -that Saturday morning ran itself into luneheon in a mysterious manner. Bedfern was the last to mfcke his appear ance, and we three proceeded to make our lonely coffee, for not one of the girls deigned to appear. While we were loitering over our eups, and talking in whispers of our dreadful experience oMast night, the door opened, and Etty, in solemn majeBty, swept into the room. 4 Well, gentlemen/ she said, in her very sternest tones, 4 this is a niee account I hear of you. Discovered this morning by the housemaids lying asleep in the hall. What have you to say for yourselves ?' Templer and Bedfern looked rather foolish, but a happy inspiration prompted me to get out something about the etorm, and our fears for the safety ef the painted glaee dome. Etty's dear' bright face cleared up in a moment. 4 How goed, how unselfish of you,' she said. 4 It was really a dreadful storm. I was feeling quite nervous myself, hut I call it horrid of Charlie to let you sit up and look after his property.' Then Bedfern said Charlie was bound to look after her, and so we got over that part of the bOkiness. The. other was- lees easily managed! Etty would not hear of having her diamonds sent to London, 4 I'll pal them in the plate-chest if yon like/ she saidt 4 Or into that queer thing in the morning-room, where Charlie puts his papers.' She alluded to an old- fashioned fire-proof safe built into the wall by the fire side in the morning- room. 4 But the idea of sending my pretty things away ! No, indeed, f Charlie. It's all nonsense about burglars.' Ar>a she was resolved to keep her word.' 4 Let me send them over to Bedfern/ Charlie entreated. 4 Kent oan go by one train and come hack by the next. Or, just look here, Etty. Let's all ran across to the mother's house and leave them safe with her.' Etty seemed rather to incline to this proposal, bat when it came to be discussed we found it utterly impracticable. The fieree tempest of the previous night had ended in as furious a snowstorm. All the -avenues were blooked up, and bo horses conld travel through the great drifts lying across the roads. Charlie was provoked and perplexed. 4 Everything seems against me/ he said angrily, bnt a few soft words from his wife restored his equanimity, and he contented himself with locking the diamonds safely away in the great plate-chest in the strong room off Kent's pantry. 4 1 think it would puzzle anyone to get at the® b® f i- wifcb'toe fiction concerning suspicions to rest with tne m.nT ; b«gl«s. Templer wM boendoverb, , solemn promises to be on ms gu , Cissy, and so we faced the giris j Tbey were more silent than o - s was graver than I had ever seen r . from the moment she aFPear®f_ As to had ears or eyes for no one else. . Kathleen , she scarcely uttered a word , a greeting she had for me was icily P was greatly taken snack.- woman whose beautiful eyes had loo sweetly into mine a few hours ago? _ _ she a contemptible coquette afar » unworthy of the deep love I had bestowed upon her? I w&e; words, and not earing to be tafled jnth re this silly fashion, betook myself to themorn- ing-room, where I sulked over a novel tor awhile. Outside the snow fell faster and fester. The bitter wind wailed amongst the leafless trees, and everything looked dreary and hopeless. 4 Major Tottenham.' I sprang up. She was standing at my side, her sweet face very pale, her soft hps quivering. _ , 4 Kath— ahem— Miss Maguire, I stam- mered. She flushed a little, and made an effort to speak, failed, gathered np strength, and went on : 4 1 have a question to ask, she said. 4 Yon will answer it truly, won't you? I was not sure of that. If she asked me anything concerning the events of the previous night, was I not determined to deceive her ? Not quite ready to give her an answer, and rather eonfused by her presence, I faltered out a word or two — I knew not what. It seemed, however, te satisfy her. 4 Will you tell me the reason ' she paused, blushing furiously. I was perplexed utterly, but still the lie was ready on my lips. 'Burglars, I assure you, Miss Maguire. Charlie was so afraid of Mrs. Severn's diamonds being stolen. She made a little impatient gesture. 4 1 deu't mean last night. I mean — that is — please, please, don't — don't come back. I am not very nervous, but — you have frightened ms often enough.' 4 1, Miss Maguire?' I cried. 4 1 frighten you ? How — when ?' 4 Last night.' 4 Last night?' 4 Yes, of course. You know. 4 1 know nothing. I would lay down my life sooner than give you a moment's un easiness.' - She turned her head away. I fancied I heard a little sob. I sprang to her aids. 'Kathleen, dearest/ I whispered; 4 how have I distressed you ? What have I done ? She was erying outright now, aad I — well, I hate to see a woman erj, and X made the best attempt in ihy power at consola tion. I don't think in this ease I was quite as successful as I could have wished, for she only sobbed the more; however, I gat my arms well round her and held her fast. She did not push me away. I eeemed to have drifted suddenly into Paradise, when— hang him 1 — Redlern's gay voiee came ringing upon my ears, trolling out: 0in a boiy Us a bedy, Feed a body ecy? Kathleen started away and fled, and I turned savagely on the young man, who was standing leaning against the conservatory door, laughing merrily. 4 So that's year little game, is it, Major Tott? he said. 1 Long runs the fox, but he's eaught at last. 'Pod my word, you're a lucky dog.' 4 1 haven't to thank yon very much for my good fortune, I retorted angrily. 4 No, faith,' he said bitterly; 'I'd have spoilt it for yon if I eonld, but — I wish you joy.' He tamed on his heel mad vanished amongst the leaves and bright blossoms. What eonld he mean ? Had he been endeavouring to keep us apart ? Perhaps no. There conld be no other meaning to his words; bat there, what mysterious offence had I committed? What had X done to annoy the woman whom I loved, and who, as I now believed, loved me ? I rose np, determined to see her, and hear from her own lips the accusation she had to bring against me. I went into the drawing- room ; she was not there. L looked into the hall, it was 6mpty ; only a roaring fire lit it np from end to end. I determined to wait there by the blazing hearth until she appeared, feeling sure ehehad taken refuge in her own room. I felt half dazed with happiness as I stood looking into the glow ing depths of the big fire. What was I that I should win such a woman ? What had she seen to love in me ? Ah ! she 6hoald never, never have cause to repent her choice, my darling Kate. The evening shadows were closing in fast by this, and the hall was growing darker and darter each moment. The wide passage opposite the fire place was dimly lit by the glass door beyond. I was looking away from the fire for a moment, when a figure coming swiftly up this passage caught my attention. ; Severn, I thought, and made a step forward I would tell him at once of the new relation ship between Kathleen and myself. As I stepped off the hearthrug, my foot caught in something, I know net what, but in glancing down to see, I took my eyes off the approaching figure for an .instant. When I looked up it was gene. I dashed into the passage, shook the library door, which was firmly locked, ran back, and rushed up the wide stairs like a madman. I first ran into my own room. It was dark, for neither fire nor lamps had been lighted, but I groped round it as best I could, and found nothing. When I returned to the gallery, Kent and Paul were lighting the lamps below, and everything looked bright and cheerful, only My heart gave a sudden bound; -here she was coming towards me, my sweet ; but why was her face so cold and stern ? I sprang to her. She drew back. 4 No. How can I think you— you care for me when you will persist in this folly? She paused, a suGdett perplexed vpression comeing into her sweet face. 4 flow did yoogetnnt of my room?; saked. 'UtbrniMMmtdoot-r — . Kathleen/ Icried/potting a hand on her shoulder end holding her feat, 'nrhatdoyoo mean ? Can it he possible yoa think I have been toying to— to frighten yon ? That you Sn.qgmA- My darling girl, what is it you imagine?' i -- - 4i imagine nothing/ she said, her eon hps quivering- 4 Only— I— I have been so angry with you. , 4 What for, my dearest ?' I gasped out 4 For— for — coming into my room in the unwarrantable way yon have done these three evenings.' , 4 Kathleen ! I? Why do yon say such a thing?' I cried in amazement. 4 Can you think me capable of such a thing? Ne wonder yon were ooid to me if yon believed I could dan I paused, she grow n white that she alarmed me. Was she going to feint? 4 Bayard/ die gasped out, looking into ay face with wide-open terrified eyes, 4 do you jrttHLTt to say yon have not come into my room, stood for a moment inside the door, and then crossed on tiptoe to the dressing- room beyond? 4 Most certainly I have not been guilty of such an unpardonable thing/ Iaid. ' How conld you accuse me of it?' She trembled from head to toot. 4 1 do not understand, she faltered. 4 Nor do I- Why do you imagine it?' I asked, drawing her near to me. 4 none of them are as tall as yoa, and, oh! I was so angry, so grieved.' She did not draw away from me. No, I fancied she seemed rather to cling to me. I drew her a little nearer. 4 Did yon see my face?' I asked, bending very close to her. 4 No. That was the odd part of it, yti never looked at m». I began to — to think jou were acting ghost just to frighten me.' 4 Hallo 1' This time it wae Severn whe came upon us, and he soon grew grave enough when I told him Kathleen's story. By Jove, it's uncommonly queer/ he said. 4 Would yon mind our taking a look into that dressingroom Kit ?' 4 I wish of all things that you would do so/ she said eagerly, and we went to her room. It wae the same Bbape and size as my own only a small oblong room opened off it at one side, and a great wardrobe almost filled the opposite wail. Severn, a lighted candle in his hand, flung open the door leading into the little room beyond, but started back almost overpowered by the disgusting charnel-house smell which filled it- Kath leen clung shivering to my arm. 4 Oh, what is it? What can it be?' she gasped. I soothed her to toe best of my power, and, bidding her wait in the outer room, followed Charlie into toe dim chamber. It was fitted np prettily to match the bed room, in soft grey and rose-coloured cretonne — just a pretty modern mom, with a few kn ink knacks on the mantla-thslf, a big bath leaning against the wail, and a few prints hanging from the cornice. There was absolutely nothing more, and nothing to account for toe dreadful smell. 4 This is most extraordinary/ Seven sail. 'I am beginning to think there must be something very odd about the place. What made yon think it was Tottenham, Kit?' She looked shyly into my face, and Mask ing deeply, said : 4 Well, he's the tallest of job all, and the slimmest, yon know, and the man I saw wae very tall and tain.' 4 Did you see his feee?' 4No, I did not;: toe bead was turned away.' 4 What sort of clothes did he wear f 'A loose black ooat — no, something more like a cloak.' - Severn and I exchanged glances. Yoa see, I was so startled, and so anneyed, that I did not like to say anything/ toe wert on. 4 indeed, this evening £ only saw the figure reflected in my looking-glass. Before I turned round he had gene in there and dosed the door. I was very much offended and I ' She faltered, blushed even a deeper rose, as she turned her sweet eyes on me again, ere she went on. 4 1 resolved to tell Etty all about it, and was just on my way when to my great surprise I met you, and then you came, Gharlie. Charliq put a hand on her shoulder. 4Willyoudome a favour, Kit?' he said earnestly. 4 Don't say- anything about this to Etty : she's a nervous little sonl, and I'd rather she didn't hear of it. Bayard and the rest of as saw something vary queer in the gallery last night ; that was why we mad yon steep in Cissy's room. We intend to be on toe look-out to-night, and youH stay with Ciss, won't yon, Kit, and just make up seme story for her edification ? Will you. Kit V 1 1 will,' she said firmly. But tell me one thing, do you think the house is — haunted ?' She sank her voice to a whisper as she asked the question. 4 1 don't know what it is/ Charlie answered, turning away, and we three descended the stairs and appeared at the tea-table to gether. I had a delicious half-hour with in toe morning-room before ton dressing-bell rang, and, troth, to tell, . I had Aalf forgotten the mysterious figure when I hurried to my mom to dross. Nothing occurred to break my dreamy, delightful mood. I took her in to dinner, sat beside her, touched her, .etc. We have allgone through the same sort of thing, only it a like the measles, you have it au. the more, severely toe older you are when it attacks you, and mine was a very bad ease. After dinner we four men held a l«ng cop saltation, which ended in our resolving to watch this night, and if we saw anything ont of toe common, not to he afraid of conse quenoes, but to take straight aim and fire. 4 If it's a trick, serve the devils right who played it/ Severn said sternly. 4 We need have no meceyrin them, they deserve none.' Chapter IV. After toe ladies had retired we men' were not long in preparing ourselves for our watch, and as Kent brought in the tray of bottles and glasses we oame downstairs, each armed with a loaded revolver, and each determined to take a good aim at the thing if it again appeared. Kent was fidgeting about the hall, wiaeatly desiroQBot making one of our parly And Severn good-naturedly bade him slay. ' I remember diitiQQtlj, whatever events of that night may be . confused in my memory, that a clock was striking twelve as we settled down to onr pipe and br&ndy-and-; sodas. Severn eat opposite to his brother-in- law at the left side of the fire, Templer was lounging on a oouoh just in front of it, and facing the gallery ; I was on Redfern's side, rather rock and leaning my arm"on a little table; Kent was sitting behind his master. There was a curious feeling of expectation amongst us, we spoke little, and that little in whispers. The storm had gone down, and now only the snow fell silently on the roof, And a low moaning wind went whistling by the dark silent house. We grew, even more Silent as we sat waiting. I do not know how long we had been sitting thus, when Ibbking up suddenly I saw Kent's face behind his toaster growing ghastly white, his eyes dis tended, his mouth open. 4 Kent,' I called softly, but he did not hear the ; and Severn, his attention drawn to the knan by my voice, turned round. 'I say, Kent, what's the matter?' he cried. The man said nothing, but pointed in the direction of Kathleen's room. We all looked P at once, but I saw nothing but the shadow of one of the pillars moving on the wall as the red fire-light biased np and fell. Why, there's nothing there, man,' Severn said impatiently. 4 If you're terrified already, why, you'd better go to bed.' Kent made an effort to speak, but just at this moment came the grinding, crashing noise we now heard for the third time, the rush of clammy death-cold air, the — faugh I — the disgusting odour. We leaped to our feet, caught up our pistols, and waited. Great Heavens ! how horrible that moment __ was. Yes ! there came that awful thing gliding along the gallery in the same noiseless stealthy fashion it bad done on the previous night. We held our breath. None of us cared to be the first to fire ; indeed, my hand felt powerless to pull the trigger. I could only stand and glare at the thing in sick horror. As it reached the centre of the gallery it paused, turned towards us, and seemed to grin a grin of devilish malice at us, and then — there was a crash and a fash as Bedfern fired two barrels of his revolver at the hideous object, in quick succession. Ere the walls had ceased to vibrate to the sharp reports, a yell so awful, so unearthly, that it made our blood run cold, rang through the hall, and a woman's figure rushed from Kathleen's room, between the awful thing and us. We saw it ; we all saw it. Bedfern's hand fell ere he fired the third barrel. Severn stood in blank amazement and horror staring at the two things — human beings we could not believe them to be ; whilst Templer and I clutched at each other and breathed hard. The female figure had cast her phantom arms around the male one. We saw, at least I did, that she wore a kind of nun's dress and white hood, and that she was tall and slender. It was but for a second, yet we seemed to have been gazing at the fearful scene for hours, when in a flash the two figures vanished, ere the smoke of the revolver had oarled to the roof, or the sound of- that awful yell ceased to eeho on our ears. We rushed upstairs— that is, Severn, Bed- fern, and I, just as Cissy flung open her door, and Etty came flying up the passage/rom her bedroom. I saw Kathleen's dear face behind her cousin, and a great load seemed lifted from my mind. ' What has happened ? Who fired ?' These and a host of other questions were showered upon us, but we had no voice to answer, only Severn took bis wife into his arms. 4 My darling, we cannot stay in this aoeursed house,' he said. 4 Get your things together, for we cannot, must not remain another night under this roof.' 4 Are you mad, Charlie !' cried Etty, disen gaging herself and looking into bis face. 4 Oh, my poor boy, what has happened ?' For her husband's face' was grey and ghastly, and I am sure she mast have seen much the same deathlike pallor on mine and a on her brother's. 4 Charlie, where is 'Percy ? Has anything happened to him?' shrieked Cissy as she flew past us down the wide staircase and into the h&ll.; 4 Oh, Etty I Charlie! help ! help!' we heard her cry, and following her as quickly as we could, we found her kneeling by Templer's side. He had fallen in a fit on the floor. Kent, also insensible, lay across the hearth rug. Poor Kent revived soon, but several hours elapsed before Templer recovered conscious ness. Indeed, we became so alarmed at his condition, that Bertie Bedfern and I set out through the deep snow to fetch th8 village doctor to him. In the meantime Severn aroused the house, and by the time we re turned from our errand, lights were flaring in all the rooms, and astonished servants bustling about in all directions. In the dim grey light of the pale January day we quitted that horrible house, poor Templer lying almost prostrate from sheer terror on the seat of the carriage which conveyed the three girls to the station. The doctor accompanied us to Bedfern Court. He was a clever, intelligent man, rather of a sceptical turn, and not the least inclined to believe in the supernatural, bat even he was forced to confess that what we had seen was not easily explained. When questioned as to the stories afloat concerning Hollygrove; he only laughed. 4 Oh, nobody stays there long,' was all we eonld make him say. , We arrived at Bedfern almost in time for breakfast. Lady Augusta was amazed to see us and dtiU more astonished when we told her the reason of our abrupt departure from her son-in-law's house. We were neyer able to unravel the mystery. Bedfern went to the landlord of the place— a London solicitor of fairly good standing and offered a fancy price for toe house, but the offer was refused. Then Severn went te him and told him he was determined to tod out the secrets of toe place, and offered, like his brother-in-law, a good roand earn for it, avowing his intention of ripping up every floor, pulling down every wall, taking toe house to pieces bit by bit until he wung from it the horrible secrets It oonoealed, hut the man would not suffer the house to be sold. It was hot hie, he said ; he only held it fii 5!t owhoBe name he would not SSfe.nS,:m0ro 0Wel,' he turned SeTern'' he «»#, in a tone which admitted no answer, 4 there is a dark and tragic story connected with that unfortunate house, astory which involves toe honour of two families, two well-known families. Ihave . the honour to serve one of them, and, as one J gentleman to another, I must request that you j will not ask any more questions concerning that place. Any money you have expended i upon it I will gladly refund, and let there be » an end of the whole affair.' So we never found it out. Poor Templer was not himself for a long time afterwards, hut as he was married in the early summer I conclude he iB all right again. .for/ay own part, when I look at that sweet wife of mme (I got extension of leave, and s married her at the end of February), I think.: ; that, ghost and all, I rather en ioven mv j days at Hollygrove House.— All the Year Round. ix« bb ook7zxcbb.) 