I THE LAND OP NOD. Did yon ever hear hov Budge and Tod Took a flying trip to the Land of Nod f They put un their nightgowns-climbed the stabs Mumbled their innocent, drowsy prayers. Curled up in tied tn a dimpled heap. And in forty winks they were Coat asleep ] Then the Dream-Man came, on a train of cars, With moonbeam windows and wheels of stars ; The fires were lit by n comet, queer, And the man in the moon was engineer ! A sea-weed cord held the enjdne-bell, Made from a ringing ocean-shell ; The railroad track was a rainbow band, Reselling far over the sea and land ; And the ends of the road, I am gravely told, Were built upon pots of shining cold ! *. All aboard V'-and away went Budge and Tod, Nightgowns and all, to the Land of Nod I The cars were filled with & curious crew ; Sweet baby Trix, and the Wondering Jew ; Jack with bis bean-stalk-the Giant Grim, Little Misa Mincer and Uncle Tim, Fairlea, and Sprites, and Brownies rare, And mermaids, wrapped in their yellow hair. Sat, side by aide, In the phanfcon cars With moonbeam windows and wheels of stars ! On, on they sped through the silver sand Of the beautiful streets of the Wonderland ; They stopped in a cloud for a drink of dew. While the sea-shell tung and the whistle blew They gathered blossoms that never die, Timi grew in the land of the " By-and-by " And there, at the end of the route, I'm told, Our travellers found the Pot of Gold ! Then the Dream-Man brought little Budge »nd Tod, Night-gowns and all, from the Land of Ood ! 1 -Sf. Nicholas. ) TUE "Ghost" in Hamlet was a waiter, for ho said, ''Remember me." TUE man^rho tried to collect his ideas has prudently lújved away from Ireland. TUE real "corn in Egypt"-The sensative French corn upon which John Bull finds it so difficult to avoid treading. A BROOKLYN man calls bis wife Conscience, because, as ho remarks pathetically, "She makes cowards of us all." A TOURIST in Switzerland finding a charge, j in bis bill for stationery, and being sure that I he had ordered none, investigated the matter j and learned that the "stationery" was the I ink and paper UBed in making out his bill. A WIDE-AWAKE school teacher summarizes the result of a recent observation in the follow catechism : " When an Englishman comes to this country, what is he ? An Englishman. When a Frenchman comes, what is he ? A Frenchman. When an Italian comes, what is he? An Italian. When an Irishman comes herc, what is he? A policeman. TUE politest man in Boston bas been discovered. He was hurrying along a street the other night, when another man, also in violent haste, rushed out of an alley-way, and tho two collided with great force. The second man looked mad, while the polite man, taking off his bat, said, "My dear sir, I don't know which of us is to blame for this noient encounter, but I am in too great a hurry to investigate. If I ran into you, I beg your pardon ; if you ran into mc, don't mcutiou. it"-and be torc away at redoubled speed. BETTING IN THE CUUBCU.-Apropos of tho love of Yorkshiremcn for betting, a Sheffield paper tells the following story :- -" A Sheffield minister (noted for bis long sermons) was gratified to find two notorious betting men in church three Sundays ia succession. Like thc policeman in the chorus, be ' could not understand it at all ; but he thought it his ' duty ' to enquire into the change which had come over ono of them, who was a parishioner. So ho called upon him and found him in high spirits. The preacher expressed his pleasure at seeing him in church, whereat the parishioner laughed heartily, and said, 'he was glad, too, I-.T he did a good stroke of business that time !' 'A good stroke of business !' repeated the puzzled preacher, ' what do you mean ? ' Mean ! Why, I bet Jim-five quid to twenty that you would go on for forty miaute» every time. And you 