Professor Rice's Mind-Reading and Spiritual Expose Entertainment On Tuesday and Wednesday evenings Professor Rice, the wonderful mind-reader, gave two more of his extraordinary entertainments in the Port Town Hall, to enthusiastically appreciative audiences, His mind-reading continues to be an incomprehensible marvel to all who have availed themselves of the opportunity of witnessing it. Those who have seen the wonderful exhibitions of his power are divided into three classes. First, there arc the sceptics who have not themselves personally tested the skill of the Professor, and who obstinately decline to believe what they cannot explain, and will not investigate; next there aro those who, having received indubitable proof of the power which the Professor possesses, are compelled to recognise its existence aud incline to the theory that the mysterious force is nothing more than an intensely acute nervous or magnetic sympathy established between the Professor and his subject; and a third class hold that the mysterious power is derived from some more subtle psychological phenomenon. There can be no doubt that there arc difficulties in the way of accepting the second theory -—the scepticism to which allusion was first made, as formed from prejudice, and adhered to without enquiry or examination, we regard as unworthy ot consideration. : J — Aud " the second ^ theory is unsatisfac toiy, inasmuch as tliat nervous sympathy or magnetism in the sense in which we employ the terms, signifying merely animal or bodily sympathy, would not account for the Professor being able to describe, as he at times does, the object thought of, when for some reason he has been unable to guide his subject to it. We are therefore forced to the conclusion that there must be some mental sympathy established between the Professor and his subject, and the capability for establishing this sympathy, and the extent to which it can be cultivated and pursued, are undoubetdly matters at least deserving very careful study and enquiry. On Wednesday evening last, Mr. Pilot Boord tested the Professor's ability with satisfactory results; and a test with Mr. W.-Mussared was even more complete, the article thought of ceiug a bent pin under the lap of a gentleman's coat, which the Professor immediately discovered. Other tests, like those mentioned, brought the house down ; but with Mr. A. Saunders the Professor failed to find the object thought of, but he said it seemed like something white, and after he had gone to two liandkerchicfs aud a white hat iu the vicinity of Mr. Saunders's object, that gentleman said that he thought the test was perhaps unfair, he was thinking of a stud iu a gentleman's shirt but could not disassociate it in his mind from the white shirt. Of the other performances of Professor Rice we simply say that they embrace many marvellous feats of legerdemain performed with remarkable skill. Professor Rice also invited any one in the audience to comc forward and tie him, Mr. W. Mussared, assisted by Mr. Pilot Boord thereupon stepped forward and firmly tied him in an apparently inextricable network of knots, and after coming amongst the audience and showing them the genuine character of the tics, the Professor retired on the stage, and in less than two minutes threw the rope into Mr. Mussared's face; and appeared before the audience free. As Mr, Mussared is well known as an expert in rope tying, the Professor's victory was hailed with thunders of applause. The ghost weene was produced with wonderful cffect, illustrating the Katie King spiritualistic materialization illusion. Whilst the Professor was seen tightly bound in the cabinet a ghostly figure stalked forth on to tlic stage, and shook hands with one of the audience Heated near the footlights to keep guard. At last with an unearthly shriek, and jangle of instruments, lireghostship precipitately vanished, and the Professor was found as before securely tied to the cabinct, by a rope round his neck passed through a hole in the cabinet wall and tied outside. Miss Lewis again contributed lier part to the entertainment. About this young lady's exquisite musical performances it is difficult to speak without enthusiasm. With judicious training she has a brilliant future of success before her. Mrs. Rice's contributions, although not forming a very prominent feature in the entertainment, were full of merit. Her charming contralto voice was highly appreciated in some ducts which she sang in company with Miss Lewis. The entertainment can be confidently recommended, and wc trust will command a bumper house on Saturday night. 