TO THE EDITOR. I am, &c.;, VERITAS. [This correspondence is now closed.—ED.] Sir —As Archdeacon Dove now agrees with Father Peters concerning St. Chrysostom, and as the subterfuge whereby Mr. Stanford seeks to evade the confession of his ignorance concerning Bonif ace is plain to all. T will, st*y uo more on those points. Mr. Whitington declares five of the sacraments not to fiave been "ordained by Christ," yet states that four out of these five are sacraments. This portrays ignorance of the very nature of a sacrament. He says "for the Roman sacrament of. extreme unction the only authority is Pope Innocent L" Surely he is not ignorant that for this sacra ment we have the"' direct command of the Holy Ghost. "If any man is sick among you let him bring in the priests of the church, and let them pray over him, f^iM'Pg him with oiL"—St. James v., 14. Mr. Whitington must either deny the inspira tion of the Bible or admit that God{not Pope Innocent L) is ths authority for this sacra ment. The rev. gentleman quotes Pope Gregory to show that he repudiates the tiue of universal bishop," and thereby proves that he does not understand the distinction between order and jurisdiction. The primacy of the Holy See is one of jurisdiction not of order, and Leo XIII. would repudiate being sole or universal bishop in exactly the same sense as did Gregory. liet us hear Pope Gregory's opinion of the rights of his See, as given in that very passage from which Mr. Whitington has selected and misconstrued a few words; it runs thus:—"To all who know the gospel it is manifest that the charge of the whole church was entrusted, by the voice of the Lord to the holy Apostle Peter, chief of all the apostles, for to him is said : ' Feed my sheep ; thou art Peter, and on this rock I will build my church. Lo, he hath received the keys of the kingdom of Heaven ; the power or binding and loosing is given to him, the care of the whole church is committed to him, and the primacy, and yet he is sot called universal apostle." " The Apostolic See is the head of ail the churches." " I know no bishop who is not subject to the Apostolic See.* "Peter re mains there seated in his successors. To Peter the care and government of the whole church is committed.'' Archdeacon Dove would like to think that the Sovereign is not the head of the Church of England in spiritual matters, but facts are too strong for him. Archbishop Parker informs us that Henry Vm. formed a design of transferring the Pope's pretensions upon the Crown, ana informed his clergy that unless they owned him their sole and supreme head he would not pardon. The Praemure-Convocation agreed to own him supreme lord and protector, and as far as was con sistent with the gospel, supreme head. Henry objected to the restriction, whereupon, - though somewhat unwillingly, the whole of convocation unanimously voted the king supreme head of the church. In the statute of the 26th, Henry VHL, it is declared that " Henry and his heirs shall be taken, ac cepted, and reputed the only supreme head on earth of the Church of England, and shall have and enjoy, annexed and united to his crown, as well the title and style thereof, as all honors, dignities, privileges, jurisdictions, to the said dignity of supreme head belong ing.'' To this I need only add the oath now taken to the Queen by every Anglican bishop —" I tTR verily testify and declare that your Majesty is the only supreme governor of this your realm in spiritual and ecclesiastical things as well as in temporal, and that no foreign prelate or potentate has any juris diction within this realm; and I do acknowledge and confess to have and to hold the bishopric of , and the possession of the same entirely, as well the spiritualities as the temporalities thereof, only of your Majesty and of the Imperial Crown of this your Majesty's realm; and for the same pos sessions I do my homage presentlj- to~yoar Majesty, so help me God and the holy coa-r tente of this book." The fact that the ?*p£'i"m clergy derive their mis sion and jurisdiction from the Crown is patent to all, and is freely confessed by the present Archbishop of Canterbury. If the Angi;?in clergy would examine toe grounds of their faiththey would find that there lies the point at issue between us; it is not, after all, a question of this doctrine or of that, but of the grounds for believing any of them. Our Lord held right faith to be of the utmost importance, and must hare left & means—a rule of faith—by which all could know the truth. This rule of faith must apply to all, rich and poor, learned and ignorant, those who can and those who can net read. This role of faith Catholics main tain to be " hear the church." They believe the church to be God's ambassador to m?w and the mouthpiece of the Holy Ghost. The Protestant rule of faith is " Read your Bible and judge for yourself." That adopted by the High Church party is " Exercise your judgment on the Bible, plus a-whole book casefnl of fathers." This is indeed "salvation by scholarship," and fulfils the conditions of the role of faith even less than that which precedes it. The Anglican is, as Dr. Newman says, merely a Patristico- Protestant In their role they hare not merely the difficulty connected with the authenticity and genuine ness of Scripture (and remember these rest solely on the infallibility of the church), but they have, moreover, the task of discover' ing " the teaching: of- the early church" by reading and. interpreting hun dreds of volumes written by the fathers in diverse Iwg?^ I*t *?? investigate their first difficulty. The canon of Scripture was defined by the church in the foorth centnry. La -no case .have we the original manuscript. Tb&inspiEatiotiAf; many of the books, had been questioned, and, many spurious gospels were- gxtant;. unless toe church was infallible in>its decmon weJtranr not whether the books which compose "-the Bible" were rightly selected^ GsJtelic* receive the canon of Scripture on. the authority of the church ; Protestants ?mmyt even, agree wli&t; that canon, is. -I?uther re jected Job, the Epistle to the Hebrew* the 2nd Epistle, of Peter, the 3td Epistle of John; Galrin, rejected Tobias and £cde dastacas; CoUens all- foot evangelists^ Dr. Colenso. the Pentateuch; osid Baring- Gould (a high, churchman) calls the sons of Solomon rnHKnAfnT^ of a worn. out votaptnaty. 1' Xn this case as in aUotiiers the authority of the church is the only xeal bads ?f belief. If then the church was io> fallible in the^fourtti century it mhst have been in virtue of Christa promise that "Tie gates of bell should not prevail against herJ? and thatshe should be ?tl*d.in£o all troth." that promise cannot fail, and what she was in the fourth century she', must be in -|he nineteenth. "TJie- Chiircfi,? in which B&ri.; alista believe, and the Catholic Church nave nothing'in 1?*"1*- The JPoII JffiU Gtssstt& goes to- the root of the matter when it says — "R is hard to believe in s church perpetually but iafalObly legislating, on fmp^r^ffitnrft^ matters fiuougfa a Vnmm organ*—the greatest intellects of every age. have believed it firmly—"bat to believe in a. church which professes to hare had this legia lative virtue for several cejituries and then to have mysteriously lost it is still harder." Such a fiction the PaR Mail Gazette easily perceives isacooception equally unwortiiy of Goda?dodio?stoman. The Km** may-well say that men who profess to believe in men & cfanrch '* expose their creed to the slaftof the scoffer-' The writers in that paper do not believe Chat there ever was a chuzeTrem poweredbyGod "toteocTi aPnations > "bntare? perfectly comprehend that if such a charac ever existed it most exist now. The chozcii designed by Ose Almiijity founder to lief "the pjHarand grtmrfof the to^* bat fritlF f* Wlri^l COTdd 'll^JHla&ft;' TwrfnHi^^y SX. i.iiri^^- bu£* completely Droke down ib& seventh; which all the powers of hell could not prevail against, bat wMdb. tell to neoes of Itself; which was to be "the briete of t3U? Lamb;" bnt wbich became—as say the Homilies —"a fool, fiMry, old withered harlot I' —such a church the Times easily per ceives to be not the fulfilment of a Djrine plan, bnt tie ruin of it; a ruin in which mu is crashed and God is overthrown. If "the church of the living God" h>s become "a boose divided Against itself," then revelation is a fiction and Christiaiaty'a. catastrophe. If Christ had made a canrdt liable to comiptionanddrviaon,** Anriiotos say, He would hwe contradicted H?Mnif; denied His awn native, and oanoeUsd the work ?rf redemption. Bnttfaaake be to God, itimrnotso; nereis still a-cbaruh wtdshia the manthpifneof tibe Moot High, "the city which is at unity with itsett^ ? the piilar and groand of the ttathr" whom God has bidden to teach all nations, and-who will do it till the end cf time.- 