%\it ^tt%8ZVLQZX. English Mail. The statistics of Church attendance lately published in a number of the provincial newspapers of England, though, in most instances, got together from no friendly motive towards the Church, have resulted in movements which are not only likely to be beneficial to her in terests, but will tend to promote the spread of Evangelical truth among the spiritually destitute. The Church may thank the news papers for pointing out some of her weak places. At Nottingham a ' Spiritual Aid and Church Extension Fund' has been established. The town has a population of 188,000, of whom only 43,444 were attending any place of worship on the Sunday the census was taken, and only some 14,220 were found in the Churches. It is proposed to start a fund of £60,000, and to provide for eleven new missions. At present the Church accommodation is sufficient for not more than one-eighth of the population, and there are 57 clergymen, or one for 3300 souls. Seven sites have been secured, and in three districts mission clergymen have begun their work. The Bishop of Lincoln, in whose diocese Nottingham is, fully believes, like our own open handed Bishop of Melbourne, in the truth and value of the old say ing, Qui suadet sua det, and, therefore, opened the subscription-list by dedicating to the work £1000, or one-fifth of his income for the year. A lady has given another £1000, and subscriptions have been announced amounting to nearly £2000 more. At Bristol com missioners have been appointed to make inquiries as to the spiritual needs of the poorer districts, and have furnished their report to the Bishop. They recommend the erection of six new churches and three mission chapels, at a cost of £47,000, and an annual expendi ture of £850 for the stipends of additional clergymen. At a meeting held on 30th January, under the presidency of the Bishop, it was de termined to make an appeal to the citizens for these sums, and about £4000 was subscribed in the room ; a firm of corn merchants headed the list with £1100. We trust that these good examples will be followed in all the towns where the amateur census-takers have ex posed the nakedness of the land. In the united Diocese of Gloucester and Bristol it is said that the latter city will probably have its own Bishop restored to it before very long. It was tacked on to Gloucester in 1836. The Bishop (Dr. Ellicott) is said to be willing to forego the £500 j»ep annum which he now receives for supervising it. A project is also on foot to establish a second Anglican Bishop for the Continent, to embrace the northern and central countries of Europe. Forty years ago the southern Diocese of Gibraltar was created, and the Bishop, of course, will retain his authority over Anglican congregations in all the lands bordering on the Mediterra nean. A petition in furtherance of the new Bishopric has been addressed to the Archbishop of York, with a request that he will introduce the subject to the Northern Convocation at its next session. The project, we may add, was brought before the Church some years ago, when it was proposed to found the See of Heligoland^ an island in the Baltic Sea, under the authority of the British Crown, but nothing came of it. Anglican congregations are tolerably numerous in France, Germany, Norway, Sweden, Denmark, Northern Eussia, Belgium, and Holland, and the subordination of the chaplains to their present diocesan, the Bishop of London, is necessarily almost nominal. The Northern Convocation was to meet at Torh on 14th February, ami several topics of pressing interest are set down for discussion. Inter alia : — The Bishop of Carlisle will move : — ' That, in the judgment of this Convocation, it is highly necessary for the best interests both of the Church and of the State that the law should be so changed as to make it impossible that a spiritual offence should be punished, by imprisonment.' Canon Trevor will move : — ' That to avoid unseemly litigation it is desirable to make provision by Canon for appeasing diversities of ritual and teaching by the pastoral authority of the Bishop ; and no suit should be commenced in the ecclesiastical courts without the permission of the Bishop, after exercising the powers so accorded to him.' Canon Trevor will also move: — 'That, having regard to the principles and provisions of the Acts for the Restraint of Appeals (24 and 25 Henry VIII.), it is desirable that when judgment is to be given in the Archbishop's Court on any grave question of the law divine, or of spiritual learning, the judge should state the case to the spiritual prelates of the Upper House of Convocation, whose deter mination should be binding on the judgment of the court, and form part of the record.' While on the subject of proposals for the reform of the Eccle siastical Courts, we may mention that the ever-recurring MackonocMe case has advanced a step further towards settlement. It is fifteen years ago since the plaintiff — Mr. Martin — commenced his first suit against the vicar of St. Alban's, Holborn, and during that time decisions have been given at intervals in the Arches Court, the Privy Council, the Queen's Bench, the Court of Appeal , and the House of Lords. .We wpnoTer how much money has been spent on both sides — enough, we shouldlthirik, to build all the mission-rooms required at Nottingham and ..NpyembeiT) 18,70, Mr. Mackonochie was suspended for three months, ^ and; iai\Becemberj 1874, for six weeks, in both cases by the judge of ' the Court of ^rcnes. These sentences were submitted to. In 1878 Jh_e_\y_.as-^s£jspended for three years by Lord Penzance; but as Mr. ^Dackbn66hj.e'liolds his lordship to be a parliamentary, and not an -ecclesiastical judge, he took no notice of his sentence. The imprison ment of the Rev. A. Tooth had made the shutting up of clergymen in a common gaol for ritual offences unpopular for the time. Mr. Mackonochie therefore kept his liberty ; but a third suit was com menced in 1880 before Lord Penzance, with a view to deprivation. This extreme step his lordship refused to take, on the ground that the sentence of the former suit had not been enforced by the plaintiff. It was this decision that was appealed against. The appeal was made to the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council, and the com mittee sat to hear it on 4th February. Mr. Mackonochie made no appearance before the court, either in person or by counsel ; but, having heard the arguments of the counsel for the appellant, the Committee deliberated for about an hour, and then announced that their decision was to reverse the judgment of Lord Penzance's court, and to send the cause back to his lordship's court for further pro ceedings. It now remains to be seen whether the Church Associa tion will go on to ask for deprivation or imprisonment, and whether, under the circumstances, Lord Penzance will grant either. The latter, we should think, is a more probable issue than the former. The Judicial Committee consisted of the Lord Chancellor and six law-lords, together with the Archbishop of York. The Bishops of The Annual Conference of Evangelical Clergymen was held at 1 Islington on 17th January. About five hundred clergymen were pre- j sent, among whom were Bishops Perry, Ryan, and Anderson. The !| chair was taken in the morning by the Vicar of Islington, and in the i| afternoon by Dr. Boultbee, Principal of the London College of [j Divinity at Highbury. The papers read bore on the importance of j clear dogmatic teaching in reference to the moral government of i God, the person and work of the Lord Jesus, the mode of accept ance with God, and the work of the Holy Ghost in the sanctification of believers. The readers were Sir Emilius Bayley, Dr. Flavel Cook, Canon Hoare, and Dean Fremantle. The subjects discussed were thus, it will be seen, of a very positive and instructive character, and one significant fact was the declaration of adhesion to the Athanasian symbol which was made by some of the speakers, and loudly cheered by the meeting. | The Divinity College, known as Wycliffe Hall, Oxford, has recently J; enlarged its accommodation. The new buildings comprise lecture \ hall, apartments for the Vice-principal, and eleven sets of rooms for | students. The formal opening took place on -31st January, and the y proceedings of the day commenced with a service at the Parish jj Church of St. Peter-le-Bailey, where a sermon waB preached by the i| Dean of Canterbury. A public meeting was afterwards held in j College Hall, at which Sir JohnKennaway presided. A considerable number of University and other notabilities were present, among whom we may mention Bishop Perry, several Heads of houses in both the greater Universities, and a goodly array of Professors. Letters of apology were read from the Archbishop of Canterbury and the Bishop of Ely. The Treasurer of the Theological Halls movement (Mr. J. Deacon) stated that since it commenced he had received j £33,000, and that about £7000 of moneys promised had yet to be I collected. The total sum which it was proposed to raise amounted to \ £60,000, so that £20,000 still remained to be subscribed. Of this \ latter Bum a gift of £5000 was announced from an anonymous donor. \ It will be remembered that Ridley Hall, Oxford, is the sister college j to Wycliffe Hall, and that both are the outcome of the same move- | ment. Addresses were given by the Chairman, Canon Ince, Dr, Perowne, and Dr. Boyd, and a vote of thanks to the Chairman was proposed by Bishop Perry and seconded by Professor Burrows. Bishop Perry observed that ' he felt very strongly the great Provi dential blessing which had rested on those who had undertaken the establishment of these Halls.' Mission Chapels, we rejoice to say, are being transformed into Mission Churches in various parts of the great metropolis. The last work of the kind is the erection of the new Church of St. Alphege, Sonthwark. To those who know anything of the slums of London, 'Mint-street' and 'Friar-street,' in the 'Borough,' were some years ago names of evil odour. Both these streets, and others no less notorious, were in 1873 included in the new district of St. Alphege and placed under the pastoral care of the Eev. A. B. Goulden. When he began his work there was neither Church, Schoolroom, nor Mission House, and not afoot of ground was procurable for building purposes. The industries of the district are repre sented by soap-boilers, glue and catgut manufactures, boiling-down houses, bone-yards, fish-curing, and such like unsavoury establish ments ; the inhabitants of its narrow, grimy streets and alleys are the labourers employed in the various ' noxious trades' above men tioned, costermongers, loafers, thieves, and tramps. Among these poorest of the poor, and most vicious of the vicious, Mr. Goulden, with his staff of curates, lay-helpers, and Sisters of Mercy, has been labouring for the last nine years. A 'ragged' Sunday-school was first begun, then a mission-room was opened in the taproom of a closed-up publichouse, Then the skittle alley was roofed in, and made into a sort of temporary church. As the work progressed, a Children's Kitchen, a creche, a Boy's Lodginghouse, a Boy's Club, a Working Men's Club, a Mothers' Bible- class, a Men's Bible-class, with various guilds and societies, were gradually inaugurated, and added to the parochial machinery. We need hardly say that the mission has been, and is, supported by outside benevolence, and that the money necessary to erect the new Church has been toilfully gathered from all parts of London. Its cost has been £6000, of which £2000 has yet to be provided. It is a high- walled, early English building, specially designed without nave, or aisles, or in terior columns, and affords accommodation to nearly a thousand worshippers. The Church wns formally opened by a service at three p.m., and at the luncheon which preceded it a considerable number of persons of rank and station were present, who have been, and are, ; the mainstays of the work. The sermon was preached by the Bishop of the Diocese (Rochester), who was accompanied by the Eight Rev. Dr. Tuffnell, formerly Bishop of Brisbane, and now Vicar of Croy don. In the evening there was full choral service, the local choir being assisted by members of the choir of St. Paul's, Knightsbridgejrr. and the orchestra of St. Stephen's, South Kensington. Cation Gregory was the preacher. The offertories amounted to £110. The efforts to procure the release of the Rev. S. F, Green, of Miles Platting, from Lancaster Gaol still continue. Meetings have been held at Hackney (London), Hull, and Brighton. At the Hackney meeting nearly two thousand persons were present. It was most enthusiastic and unanimous. Admiral Robertson Macdonald was in the chair. Letters of sympathy were read from Bishop W. W. How, Suffragan of East London, the Deans of St. Paul's, Durham, and Carlisle, and a number of noblemen and gentlemen. A large meeting has also been held at Brighton, and another at Colchester. At the latter there was a well-organised opposition, and the audience seemed nearly divided in opinion. On 22nd January a meeting of the parishioners of Miles Platting was held in the schools, the patron of the living, Sir T. Percival Heywood, being in the chair. Dr. Phillimore was the chief speaker, and the following resolution was carried almost unanimously : — ' That this meeting expresses its sincere thanks to the Rev. 8. F. Green for his loyalty to the Church of England, and for his patient defence of her rights against the encroachments of the civil power, and pledges itself to use all lawful means to secure his speedy and unconditional release from prison, and also to bring about the repeal of the Public Worship Regulation Act, under which he has been condemned.' Some days after, the chairman of the meeting had an interview with the Home Secretary on the subject of Mr. Green's imprisonment ; but Sir William Har court declined to give the slightest hope of his release, except upon the condition of absolute surrender. If Mr. Green will submit himself to Lord Penzance, acknowledge the righteousness of the sentence passed upon him, and pledge himself to modify the services of his Church in accordance with the latest decisions of the Privy Council, then liberty would at once be granted him. But Mr. Green says he cannot conscientiously accept the Home Secretary's terms. We learn, further, from the Record that the Archbishop of Canter bury has had an interview with certain members of the Church Association, to inquire whether that body intended to take any steps to secure Mr. Green's release. He suggested that guarantees should, if possible, be obtained from the Bishop of Manchester or from Mr. Green that the illegal ceremonial should cease ; but it was stated in reply that the Bishop of Manchester had last year declined to inter fere with Mr. Green's curate who is in charge of his church during his absence, and continues the practices for which he was condemned ; the Association was, therefore, unwilling to trouble His Lordship on the subject any further. At a subsequent meeting of the Council the following resolutions were passed and forwarded to the Archbishop : — '1. That the thanks of the Council be given to His Grace the Archbishop of Canterbury for his communication of the 10th inst. 2\. That though the Council are most anxious to manifest the respect which they entertain for the opinion of the Archbishop, and to comply with his wishes, they feel considerable hesitation in addressing the Bishop of Manchester with reference to Mr. Green's case, as from the decided terms in which His Lordship rejected a former communication from the promoters of the suit they cannot but entertain very grave doubts as to the probability of any sufficient guarantees being obtained for the future conduct of divine service in St. John's Church, Miles Platting. The Council accordingly beg leave to represent to the Archbishop their strong conviction that a proposal for the release of Mr, Green, involving- conditions on his part, ought to originate with his friends, and that it is scarcely within the province of the Council to advise the promoters of the suit to impose conditions upon Mr. . Green in order to secure his release from a penalty incurred by his persistent disobedience to the lawful commands of a competent tribunal.' The prospect of his release is, therefore, as remote as ever. The Burials Act seems likely to give rise to some curious compli cations. A Congregationalist minister at Chester wrote lately to the Chester Cemetery Company, informing them that he intended to claim the right to use the consecrated chapel when performing burials in the consecrated portion of the cemetery, to which the Act gives him access. The Solicitor-General was appealed to ; but he has given it as his opinion that Nonconformist ministers have not the right to use the consecrated chapel any more than they have the right to use the parish church when conducting a funeral service in the parish churchyard. It appears that the Chester Cemetery has an unconsecrated chapel also. Even so, the political Noncon formists will doubtless discover that they have another grievance. But a stranger thing yet has happened. At Bramshott, near Peters field, Hants, a Roman Catholic funeral was admitted into the parish church, and the Roman office said, with all the accessories of Roman ritual. This was done, it is stated, with the consent of the curate, the Rev. 0. Leadbeater. The rector of the parish, who was in resi dence at Oxford, is the Rev. W. W. Capes. Some of the parishioners have memorialised the Bishop on the subject. How the Bill 'to abolish sisters-in-law' (by permitting the hus bands of deceased wives to marry their wives' sisters) has been furthered has been made clear by the death of a Mr. Sykes Thornton. This gentleman had contracted a marriage of this sort, and the World states that he spent during his life nearly a million of money to make his marriage legal. But will the bill, even if it passes the House of Lords, be retrospective, and condone previous violations of the law ? We think not. The Archbishops of Canterbury and York have been informed (we quote from the Church Times) that a Church of England Salvation Army is in course of formation. The movement will be worked on Church lines. We wish it God-speed. The fanaticism and coarse ness which are characteristic of the original body will, in the new cqrps;\ belfip, doubt discouraged and repressed, though we trust that \th'e..feribuivah^.; enthusiasm of the rank and file will, at the same 'time, be thoroughly maintained. 