ttfms of Relus. \- More Commercial Principles. — There was & special train from Hamilton to Ararat on Saturday and another on Monday. Altogether there were six specials run last wees, so xuas xne daily average ot one per day is well kept up. The department are now actually running two train e per day on the line, bat the second train brings neither mails nor passengers, travels one way empty, and nobody knows what boar it is likely to start. It is about time Traffic Manager Anderson gave up his obstinate contention that two trains daily to Hamilton will not pay, for it appears he cannot keep the line clear without these constant specials. The replacing of the ordinary night mail train on the time-tabie would cost less money, anil accommodate the publicat the same time, but we fear there is not likely to be any alteration until Parliament meets, when an opportunity may be afforded for bearing what defence the department has to offer for the extraordinary ' mismanagement of the Western lines. \- Bush Fibes. — Several conflagrations were visible on Saturday night, -when a hot wind, or rather, we should say, a hot gale prevailed, and it appeared probable all the country would BoonDe in a maze. One of the bush fires appeared to be so close to town that a racing clnb steward, at midnight, walked out to fie racecourse to see after the bnfld- fogstbere.'Gn arrival, however, the fire seemed to be as far distant as ever, the flames rising ti> en. extraordinary height, making it appear nearer than it really was. Oil-Sunday it was ascertained that the alarm had been -caused by a :fire amongst the : timber andgrare tureoeks on the Bochara and Bongmire crmis. and. fortanately, had pot dgne jnnch damage. Mr. Trangmar and hiis men wete ojit aiutfl three o'clock on Sun-" day mommg, hiit, i)otbeu)|t aide tp facp the fire, ;they had , to content themselves ftjll, earing >ihe fences, hnd - were successful. When thqrleffc the gale had moderated, and ; aUdanpa- eeeinedjtat. ' On Sunday stomps ilrises ubffidbisabpndnE over anride '138 damage, however, bad apparently been done previous to Saturday, as the telegraph post, shortened by the fire, had been again placed in position. . Special Services. — On. Sunday evening at Christ Church "Hamilton, the Rev. J. H. L. Zillnuuin preached a special sermon in reference to the recent -escape of Her Majesty, from the ballet of the Wonld be regicide. The text was chosen from the book of Samuel, repeated also in the 18th Psahn "Thou hast delivered ine from the violent man, therefore will I give thanks Unto thee." The rev. gentleman after referring to the fate of the late Czar of Russia, .ana that of the two late Presidents of the United States said that the axiom " Uneasy lies the head that wears a crown " was as true to-day as it was in the time of King David, who narrowly escaped the -javelin of the assassin, and who had -unwittingly slept in the same cave with his mortal enemy Saul. The fact that our beloved Queen was a constitutional ruler whose public and pri vate life would bear the closest scrutihyof that "fierce light which beats upon a throne," did not apparently save her from the wicked machinations of "violent men," bat Provi dence had protected her, and saved the nation from mourning, lamentations, and woe. People might sneer at special interpositions of the Almighty, but who could teil whether or not the mind or body of the miserable ob ject who stood trembling with a pistol in his hand bad been influenced in some way, so as to cause him to miss his aim — and tbis without involving the working of a miracle ! Mr. Zillmann went on to say that there were violent men in every com munity, but their power for evil was fortu nately over-ruled by an all-wise Providence. We had violent men amongst the radical section of our community, whose talk was of "broken heads and flaming houses," and who if once allowed to get the upper hand would convert this fine colony into a Pande monium. Rather than such a fate should overtake this land it would be better for us to give up our boasted liberty and independ ence, and to revert to the condition of a Ckown colony. After an eloquent panegyric on Her Majesty in the capacities of sovereign, wife, and mother, the preacher brought his discourse to a close with a fervent aspiration that the day might yet be far distant when our beloved Queen would be taken, from us. The Hational Anthem was sung by the congregation at the close of the service. Garden Bobberies. — We hear great complaints now of fruit-stealing by boys, and if niw of t.ViP fhipv'fis nre canunt the Bench is likely to make an example of them. On Sunday three boys, whose names are known, stole a quantity of very large apples from a garden in Kennedy- street, where the fruit was ripening for the Agricultural Show. The young rascals had just come from Sun day School, where one of them had been teaching a Bible class. When remonstrated with by a neighbor, the bovs became very abusive, and were only saved from the lock up out of consideration for their parents, who occupy a respectable position. Such mistaken leniency does very little good, and it is not improbable summonses may be issued against the offenders. Branxholme Races. — The people of Branxkolme will hold their annual race meet ing to-day, when there will doubtless be a numerous attendance of spectators from Hamilton, Portland, and the surrounding district. Acknowledgment. — The Secretary of the Hospital begs to acknowledge wit thanks receiving £3 10s from Ben Allah, in aid of the funds of the Hospital. The "Vice-Regal Colors. — Sir Hercules Robinson, on his departure from New Zealand for the Cape, left his racing stud in the hands of the Hon. Geo. H'Lean. At the recent meeting at Dunedin, Lady Emma carried the Zetland spots to victory in the three principal events of the three days' meeting there— the Cup, the Jockey Club Handicap, and the Torbury Handicap. This is an unprecedented event, no other horse having ever won the treble. The Land Revenue up to Saturday had exceeded the estimate made by the Treasurer in his budget speech. On the 25th February thex-e was an apparent deficiency on account' of selectors' rents of £37. On the 4th inst., a week subsequently, there was a surplus under tbat beading of £5,909 111 the same period an apparent deficiency on tbe total revenue of £7,590 was changed into a surplus of £800. New Insolvents.- — Schedule filed at Hamilton. William Wade, of Digby, school teacher. -Liabilities, £197 12 Sd ; assets £7 ; deficiency, £190 12s Sd. Causes of insol vency — Sickness in family ; having borrowed money at high rates of interest, and in sufficiency of income to support insolvent's wife and ten children. Meetingof creditors to be held before the Chief Clerk at the Court House Hamilton, on Thursday 23rd March, at noon. Official assignee, Mr. It- Giles. Schedule filed a' Horsham. R. Baker, publican, Horsham. Liabilities, £450 6s Sd ; assets, £323 13s 6d ; deficiency, £126 13s 2d. Cause of insolvency — Dullness of trade. More Trophies. — On Monday two " leger bats " presented by Messrs. Bree and J. Thomson, rice-presidents of the Union Cricket Club, were on view in Mr. Dunnon's wiudow, and came in for no small amount of attention from cricketers. They are fine weapons, and with the other three presented to the same club by its president, make quite a display. With such trophies -to play for, the members of the Union Cricket Club, should be unremitting in their attention to practice, but recently they would appear to . fiave fallen off in this respect. Land Settlement. — The following communication on the subject of land settle ment in Victoria' has been received by the Minister of Lands " Freeling, South Aus tralia, March 6, 1882. — Honoured -"Sir,— I leam that about 50,906 acres of land is to be drained in the Koo- wee-nip swamp by the Government, and that it will then be sold. Will you be good enough to inform me on what conditions it will be disposed of, and when it will be likely to come into the mar ket ; also, if there is much other land avail able in. other parts of Gippeland, and on what terms. I know of many (I may say scores) b6nd fide, farmers who, through a con tinuation of bad seasons, and the poor pros, pects which this colony affords, contemplate leaving South Australia, and are only wait ing for a more promising field for agriculture to offer itself, when they will quickly be gone. An early reply will oblige yours res pectfully, T. W. Martin." A Nasty Fall. — It really would appear there is a Providence who looks after drunkards or they would oftoner be killed ' by serious falls such as they are continually meeting with, tin Saturday some excite- ment was caused by a report that a man named Kane bad fallen from a platform in Gray -street and smashed his skull. On enquiry it- was elicited he had fallen, but as to smashing his skull there was no truth in the report. He was drank when he tumbled on some stones, which b U head was the first -to strike, bot "beyonda mere scalp wound, which Dr. James soon set right, was not injured: He did, however, suffer in pocket or liberty, as on Monday he was fined 40s, or. in default, ordered to go to gaol for three weeks. Thr V.R C. .Autumn Meeting. — Tbe autumn meeting of the Victoria Racing ; I Clnb was brought to a conclusion on Saimv'i I day afternoon. The attendance was better j j than on either of the previous days, notwith- 'I ! standing the intense heat of the weather, i His Excelfeney the Governor attended the i meeting. The opening event was the Second i Nursery Handicap, which was won by Col- : etoun, with Vauelusc second, and Saionara : third. The next race was the Newmarket Handicap, for which 37 horses started. .The Winner tamed up in Hyacinth, - who was not I thought of till, he ran. a good trial last week. Euclid -was second, and Larpenta very dose third. Hesperian and tlie Ghost, who had been made very strong favorites, : Were never dangerous. " Ten . horses, started for the Town Flajjv Commotion went to the front soon after "they got away, and led all theirest of rihe distance. Progress ran second till in the straight, where he foiled, andwaspassedbyWellfogton, who made a fine finish,' but -could uotgrtnp tothe leader. i The race wns ron ih.3lri. Jf4B. RellMell, with -whom life' .Phillips -declared -bo was , never near the front at any.tim e. Allaader i tfoa. jfce M-g'-"$hffies eaeflyi; Solitude ' was second/ arffi Hjstekefi tofrd. -Nine : homes steedjforJtofiteejse, wiiidr- was won byTwilight ; Oteysalig jwas second," .and Lary :thirflr'. ?>l;JnaM ww- hrenghi , to a rondosion. with fhe rTbree iahd Four . 'Yeer-oldNanfliftap. which. was -Won In gooff ? \- riyle by Duchess rih S iihtn, I24 pteonds, the . distance -Iging ttfc Leger, The Drummer was second, and Waterloo third. This second victory of Duchess went far to confirm the impression that, baa she been properly riddenehe mart have won the Australian Cbp. Thebqywto rode her must have been in .the habit of spread eagling" the other Worses at St. ana fancied he could dottc same .with the; cracks at Remington, or he never would have gone at such a cracker. It may be mentioned that Duchess got but a very poor start ;she was not exactly left behind at the'; posh but there was a gap between her and - the other horses. Not for long, however, as in a second or two she was at the head of Wffoira. Royal Maid, it is said, was sent to make the running for her, but she reversed the order by making the running for the other horses. It is much to be regretted she has not been enteredforeither the Sydney. Gold Cup, or any of the South Australian events. Official Assignee. — Mr. Henry Bennett has been appointed to act in this capacity at Murtoa. Bank Holiday. — Thursday is to be observed as a bank holiday at Portland on the occasion of the Annual Regatta. London Wool Sales. — Under date' London, March 10th, Helmuth, Schwartze, and Co., telegraph to the Australian Mort gage Land ana Finance Company. The sales continue to be very animated, and prices for good greasy and crossbreds, particularly fine crossbred, are on an average a Jd to a id higher than at the close of last series, and for good washed fleece and scoured folly Id higher. Inferior wools and clothing sorts are unchanged. Stock and Stations. — Messrs. Ryan and Hammond report having sold, on account of Mr. R. Fee nan, his block of country, Kungie South, situated in the War- rego district of Queensland, to Messrs. W. and E. Kennedy. — Messrs. T rebeck and Son, of Sydney (in conjunction with Messrs. DaL Gampbelt and Co., Melbourne), report baring sold on account of Mr. T. Hunger- ford, to Messrs. Gayer- Bros., the Gnomery station, in tbe North Warrego district of New South Wales, comprising the followini; blocks of country, viz. — Carwell, Carwel . Back; Cornell West, Wfliibillia, Bumble- berria, Cobran, Cobran Back, Mima Back Block, Byerawering South, Byerawerin) : North, Byerawering Back, Towtowia, an< Yamboon, together with 8000 head of cattle, at a satisfactory price. — Messrs. Dal. Camp bell and Co. report having sold the Fifteen- mile Creek station, near Benalla, with all improvements,-freehold land and stock, on account of Mr. A. C. Mason, to Mr. John Bell. The Land Adz. — Applications ap proved. — Licenses, sec. 19 : G. Harris, Pany- yabyr ; J. R. Carmichael, Kaladbro ; J. Tansey, Edenhope : J. S. Smith, Kinkeila ; J. Shannon, Dartmoor ; O. M'Loughlin, Dmmborg ; E. Luxton, Macarthur ; W. Cook, Wanwin ; H. Bali, Mnmbannar ; J. Best, Narrawong; E. Forster, C., S.W. and J. Kerr, and M. Brennan, Jailakin ; W. E. Brown, Mortal ; A J. andD. Rorke and C. Horsbargh, Baagerang; W. Burgess, Too- longrook ; E. Barrett, Kalingnr ; F. T. Bnage, Reliable; B. Beard, J. Callaghan, E. Clayton and J. Carter, Neuarpnr ; D. Allan and K. Morrison, Karnah ; S. and S. Allan, Coroke ; T. Coleman and F. M. M "Donald, Yanac-a-Yanac ; M. Kelly, Yat Nat and Daahl; G. E. Hassall, Natimuk and Darragan ; P. J. Hansen, E. Hatley, C. Dawson and A. Hatley, Bringalbert ; J. A. Forster, Yallakia ; J. Duffey, Minimay ; M. Conlan and S. Hudson, Nurrahiel; H. C. Bann, Dachimbegarra ; J. B. D. Dening, Leeor; L. B. Bloomfield, Yat-Nat; G. W. Cormack ; Hiram Piram ; A Thomson and C. Oppeniaender, Duryarrack; J. R. Stewart, Tarranginnie ; M. O'Rourke, Daahl ; J. Major, jun., W. and J. Major, Dopewora ; A. Cunningham, Dawedacre ; S. Hallon Connongorach ; J. H. Hickey, Wonwondah ; J. Golding, Kaniva ; L. Dhennin, Chazam ; G. Irvine, Nirranda ; G. Liebelt, Morea ; D. Harris, Dunmimkle. Sec. 47 : W. T. Wilkinson, Casterton district ; H. Hickmer, Hamilton district. Leases, sec 20 : J. Bullock, Kiata; E. Pipkorn, Bangeraog; J. Kelly; Keweli West ; J. F. A Dreyer, Win- yayung; W. Hughes, Gorae; L. Burns, Tyrendarra ; W. Bond, sen., Warrant ; M. M "Queen, Kellalac ; S. M. Graham, Dollin ; and A Boyd, Digby. Dentistry. — Mr. Thwaites will visit Portland, Mac's Hotel, April- 1st. 2nd, 3rd, and 4th ; Hamilton, Commercial Hotel, 5tb and 6tb ; Balmoral, Beggs1 Hotel, 7th ; Har row, Piiven's Hotel, 8th and 9th ; Cbetwynd, Chard's Hotel, 10th ; Casterton, Gray's Hotel, 11th ; Merino, Mackwood's Hotel, 12th ; Coleraine, Hafferkoro's, 13th ; Hamil ton (return) Commercial, 14th. -Advt. Beistol's Pills, purely vegetable, cure stom ach comp aints and all affections of the liver and kidneva. Weston's Wizard Oil.— Have yon infUm matory sore throat, stiff joints, or lameness from any cause whatever ? Have you rheumatic or other pains in any part of the body? If so, use Weston's Wizard Oil internally and exter nally. Many persons suffer with rick headache, and nervous headache, usually induced by oostireneas, indigestion, ic. Weston's MaGIC Pills act specifically on the Blood, Liver, and Kidneys, and produce a regularity of the bowels essential to health and comfort. (3) The People Want Pnoor.— There is no medi cine prescribed by physicians, or sold by druggists, that carries such evidence of its suc cess and superior virtue as Boschee's German Strut? for severe Coughs, Colds settled on the breast. Consumption, or any disease of the Throat and Lungs. A proof of that fact is that any person afflicted can get a.nample bottle for 9d, and try its superior effect before buying the regular size at 4s 6d. It has lately been intro duced in -this country from Germany, and its wonderful cures are astonishing everyone that uses it. Three doses will relieve any case. Try it. All chemists and storekeepers. Wholesale by Bocke, Tompeittand Co., Melbourne. Explosions just as often, if not kobe freqdentlt, occur from old and worn-out boilers as from an overpressure of steam, or some defective flue. As it is with mechanics, so ' is it with the human organism. Excessive use of the functions of the body win exhaust the system and necessarily clog vitality. The common law, as an ordinary safeguard, exacts occasional inspections.- In tire same way, the lawB of nature demand that when the' system showB signs of debilityor decay, it should be professionally examined. In the latter event, Udolpho Wolfe's Schiedam Aromatic Schnapps will act as a sura safety-valve. Two Gold Medals awarded American Waltham Watches.— The only medals awarded the Exhibition of Watches, Melbourne Inter national Exhibition, 1880. All gennine Waltham Watches have the trade mark '" Waltham, Mass.", engraved on the plate of the watch. 