NEW SOUTH WALES. [FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.] SYDNEY, August 5. HENRY KEN DCM, is dead' The last of Austr than poets the sweet but unhappy) singer whose lays hav e w on their way to all Attsti aban hearts has gone to his last account leaving a nh legacy of song behind him as his monument and a world of sorrow as his The owl One cannot think of the life and the death of poor Ken Hall without a pang of sympathetic soil now His tennis was clouded b) misfor take his spirit crushed by the cruellest of all adv ei sities those which spring from the or 101 s and the vices of self It is somewhat strange that the two brightest ornaments of Australian Literature, Denieh) and Kendall-the one as unquestionably) at the head of prose literature as the other was indisputably) the sovereign of native singers should have lived so unhappily and gone to premature graves after giving the brightest pi causes of future greatness But so it is The central faculty was in Deniehy) a not less well endowment norn Rating than was the poetic ii m Kendall Yet how did they use their gifts' But it is ungenerous to ask We know that Kendall sung more sweetly, more timely than an other son of these southern climes that he was to Australia what Burns was to Scotland, and we know also that he suffered that there was little of sunshine in even the slightest of his days and that is enough As far back as ten years ago In thus wrote of himself. He has no need Uki man) a hard loBingimatinai) pain Because no home and finds it hard the punishment of Cain And now that the pom broken spirit has taken its flight his songs and his sorrow s strike a sym pathetic chord in every breast Henry) Kendall was a man of generous impulses though all his better instincts were latter) under a flour 1 He was no man s enemy but his own and it is no exaggeration to say that a profound feeling of pity has been excited by his premature decease The immediate cause of of his death was consumption brought on by oxposuicaud neglect and excess It was hoped that his recent appointment as Inspector of Forests would have been the beginning of a new life, but those who saw his pool wan face, the attenuated frame, and the sunken eye which once beamed so brightly, must have felt satisfied that the end was not far off Latterly he was but the ghost of his former self, physically while intellectually his decline can be distinctly traced from a period of something like half a score of years back In none of his later productions is there to be found the strength, and beauty, and originality that distinguish his father poems-nay, he not unfrequent) of late descended to doggerel of the lowest ballad monger type besides being at times guilty of many (possibly unconscious) conspicuous plagues isms It is to the earlier creations of his genius, and not to his recent writings, that we must look in seeking to determine Kendall's worth as a poet His death has had the natural effect of stimulating into the liveliest activity the homage due to his genius as a singer, but it does not appear to have evoked any considerable tenderness of regard for the man Kendall, for although he died in the very heart of Sydney, and was buried at one of the most easily accessible of metropolitan "Gods acres, not twenty persons could be found to follow his poor remains to their last resting place, and of these not half a dozen could be considered as in any sense representatives of literature, while journalism was entirely unrepresented, save by one or two new paper reporters So much for the poet, and so much for the man While Poetry has thus sustained so great a bereavement, Art has had to go into mourning soon after for the removal of one of her chu di on Following close upon the demise of Kendall was the sudden taking off of poor Gus Wangenheim Gus was one of the identities of Sydney life Not to have known this genial Gorman waste argue yourself unknown He was a genuine artist, though his range of accomplishments was not by any means restricted to the pencil Art, however, was his forte As his thoroughly genial and withal kindly disposition invariably led him to look upon the humourous side of everything, his genius naturally affected caricature, and as a can catunst Wangenheim can scarcely be said to have had a superior The incomparable Clint, of course (I am speaking only of local celebrities) excels every other in the fidelity of his portraits and the marvellous delicacy of touch that distinguishes all his works, but as a broad humorist and a rapid demented, Wan gentleman was decidedly superior to Clint and to any other artist in the colony He was to Clint what a low comedian is to a high comedian He has been known to set a room full of people in roars by a few dashes of his pencil, or a few strokes with a lump of chalk on a blackboard When he was hotel keeping the walls of his hostelry were literally covered with caricatures of politicians actors, and other colors ities, and these curious sketches were the admiration and the delight of the best of fro quenter s of his popular " pub in Castlereagh Street but the vandals who succeeded Gus knew not then worth and remorselessly rubbed them out onl) awakening to a sense of then value-when the gifted caricaturist himself was lttbh dont Gus was a competent musical and dramatic critic in addition to his qualities as an artist Miss 1 ninia AA Angerstein who is I believe pretty) vulllnownin Queensland, was his daughter and doubtless other ited auch lyrical Lefts as nature um have endowed her with from his paternal relative Pu haps, though, after all Gus Wangenheim will be longest lunomleiedfoi his social qualities Ina homely easy unaffected conversational powers being the delight of all his companions Then was just the faintest may pioachtoegotismiiiGuB AAnngenhoiin Egotism, it hans is too often she a word to use Guis, self appreciation, as it may be more fitly termed, may be said to have resembled the quality of egotism much in the same way "asthemistresemblesthcrain." So far from its being objectionable really constituted one of the charms of his conversation, and was thus, in its way, as pardonable and as tolerable as was the egotism of Rousseau, Now that he is generally who knew him feel that a void has been created in the social life of Sydney, which at any rate, as far as the present generation is concerned, can never be filled up. The annual celebration in connection with the Sydney University, held last Saturday, was an unusually brilliant affair. Never before, on any similar occasion, had the great hall of Alma Mater presented such a thronged and animated appearance. Lord Augustus Loftus this year attended, and made a speech. Last year his Excellency' thought fit to absent himself, and incurred no little censure for declining his patronage, particularly as the Princes were here at the time, and were kept away from the commemoration, as it was thought, through Government House influence. However, the difference, whatever it was, between the Governor and the University authorities, has now been smoothed away, and it is hoped that the first occasion on which royalty was not represented at the annual gathering of our principal educational establishment will be the last. The special attraction this year was the new organ, which the Senate has had imported, and which was played upon on Saturday last for the first time in public. Considerable difficulties-at one time thought insurmountable have had to be overcome in connection with this costly instrument, but the builder managed to have it sufficiently advanced to allow of some tunes being played upon it. It gave every satisfaction. The tone is rich and powerful, and the instrument promises, when in thorough going order, to be inferior to none in the colony, though that is not, in itself, saying a great deal. Another new feature in the celebration of this year was the appearance of a couple of ladies among the candidates for matriculation. This is the first time that the gentler sex has been thus represented in the race for superior education in this colony, and, now that the breach has been entered, it is expected that many others will follow where Miss Mary Elizabeth Brown and Miss Isola Florence Thompson have led. With regard to the business of the day, the worthy professor of classics, Dr. Badham, became the most conspicuous object by the speech he delivered on the policy of the senate in abandoning the compulsory teaching of Greek and Latin in favour of degrees in science. Dr. Badham, who is, as everyone knows, the foremost classical scholar in the country, deplores the determination of the Senate not to continue to cram the dead languages down the throats of students, nolens volens; and in uttering his final protest against the new departure, the worthy professor somewhat lost his temper and his balance of mind, and said some rather unclassical as well as irreconcilable things. In one part of his speech he threw out dark hints that great evils were about to dawn upon the University which could throw over Greek and Latin for science, while in another he looked forward with perfect cheerfulness to the future." The whole speech of Dr. Badham was gloomy in tone, and in striking contrast to the spirited and hopeful address of the chancellor, Sir William Manning, who', looking at the extraordinary increase in the number of matriculants, the highly satisfactory nature of the "exams.," and the financial prosperity of the University, predicted for the University, with some degree of confidence, the dawn of that bright day for which we have waited and watched for years." With regard to Dr. Badham's complaint, that the study of Greek and Latin are only to be optional in the future, and not compulsory, the senate was in reality forced to take the course it did ; it was merely complying with a demand that has been steadily growing for years past, until at length it became irresistible. Dr. Badham, erudite man though he be, has yet to learn that the laws which govern educational institutions are not of the Modes and Persians order, and must advance with the march of all mundane affairs. The Narrabri selections promise to develop into a worthy rival of the Milburn Creek scandal. They have, at any rate, enriched the land law literature of the country with one expressive phrase-to wit, " erysipelas selec- tions," and in future the term " erysipelas" will, in connection with the land, be synonymous with dummying. I referred a fortnight ago to the fact of six free selections having been taken upon runs in the Narrabri district by six aged paupers from the erysipelas hos- pital at Parramatta. So much public attention was directed to the transaction that the Minister for Lands instituted an inquiry, which has resulted in his declaring void the whole of the selections in question, and confiscating to the Crown all the purehnse-iiioiiey, amounting to nearly a thousand pounds and further, the Government has decided to prosecute criminally all the parties connected with this equivocal piece of business. This determination on the part of the Government has created quite a commotion among squatters, though it can- not be said to have excited much surprise, for the whole transaction was a most glaring one, and seems to have been entered upon without the slightest apprehension of consequences. The truth is that "erysipelas" dummying has become quite an established practice among squatters whose runs are in danger of having their "eyes" picked out by their natural enemies-the selectors. And the thing had really got to be looked on simply in the nature of a trick of trade, though, to be sure, a fraudulent trick. It was one of the self-protecting devices of the squatter to checkmate the selector, forced on him by the crude and anomalous land law which Sir John Robertson, in his political dotage, is never tired of extolling, and under which the State enters into a bargain with a man one day and virtually breaks it the next. Our iron horse is making his way towards your border as fast as the Government stroke will enable him. He has now got as far as Uralla. The extension thereto, being an addition of 150 miles to the great Northern line, was formally opened this week. The Attorney-General was the only member of the Government who attended, and Mr. Wisdom was true to his political as well as to his legal instincts (and to his name by firmly resisting all the blandishments of his hospitable entertainers in the North by which they endeavoured to coax from him some intimation of the Ministerial policy for next session. The only information yet vouchsafed an expectant public is that the policy of the Government (particularly in regard to railways) is to be " liberal." That seems to satisfy the patriotic masses, and they are for the most part content to wait for the Speech to be put into the mouth of his Excellency the Governor, in the composition of which it is not improbable Sir Henry Parkes (who is expected back in eight or ten days' time) has been occupying his spare moments on board the John Elder. His Excellency, by. the-bye', would not appear to be at all popular among the Uralla people, for I am assured that on the mention of Lord Augustus Loftus s name at the railway demonstration an unmistakable growl of dissatisfaction arose from the assembled denizens of the North. And all because the old gentleman would not under- take a five or six hundred mile journey in the depth of winter, to add the eclat of vice-royalty to the red-letter day of the New Englanders. They are keeping John Davies in hot water at the City Council. A foolish hint by the aldermanic C.M.G., that he would in some way or other let the cat out of the bag about every- one of his civic brethren, has simply had the effect of adding fuel to their fire, and they dare him and defy him. There is now pending an ugly charge about Mr. Davies having charged the mayor for a couple of hats which he was supposed to have presented to somebody', but which do not appear to have been received by the parties concerned. At the council meeting, held this week, this " hat trick," as they play- fully term it, was the theme of another energetic onslaught by the irrepressible M'Elhone, but Alderman Davies was not in his place. 'Twas pleaded that he was too ill to attend. Nothing is more certain, however, that he was not too ill to attend. The discussion was deferred, and the hats are still hanging over the head of the unfortunate C.M.G. The little smallpox scare is dying out. Owen, the only patient so far, is recovering, and people are congratulating themselves upon the prospect of immunity from the inconvenience and loss which another outbreak of variola would inflict on the community. A out in fact was communicated to the Daily Telegraph's correspondent at Alexandria by an Egyptian official 'Iho telegrams from Hydci until inquiring about the massacres were re plied to them there, giving totals of the thrashing" administered to the English, and stating men out that no punishment had been de mundell, the English oiacuatingthecountiy. Similar telegrams were sent to Moi echo, Tunis, and Alum i asserting the Punch Great efforts are being made in Alexandra to stir up trouble among the Mussulmans in India, Algiers, Tunis, mut Syria "WIL vi is j our Income was once asked of a noted Parisian Uohoinlan "It is hard to tell, was the ions , but in good yours I can borrow at least 10,000 francs." 