(Thc ^0 vain ¡i^uUctiu, ROCKHAMPTON. THURSDAY, APRIL 6, 1882. WHATEVER truth there may be in the Russian scares produced by the Mel- bourne Age, there can be no doubt they have served a good purpose in calling attention to the defenceless condition of the Australian Colonies. The agitation caused by the publication of the sup- posed despatches has been all the more deep-seated and alarming, because it has been based on a general belief in the ease with which the hostile schemes indicated might be realised. The thought that such things might be was a stimulating idea in every mind. One result is that a neglected subject has been fo'ced anew into promi- nence aud the public mind has been stirred up in regard to it. In this colony; however, the subject of national defence has been treated very lightly. The report of the military Commission and the recommendations made with respect to the reconstruction ' of our defensive force have been treated with a degree of flippancy very disappointing. This is to be regretted as the report in question sketched a scheme which ap- j pears to us to be wholly incommensurate with the demands of the colony for pro- tection of its interests from foes within or without. It was a remarkable thing that in a colony where every one rides, where horses are the principal means, of locomotion, and in which they exist in large numbers there should not be the slightest suggestion for the formation of a mounted arm of the service. Much as we dislike the idea of the establish- ment of a standing army amongst us we cannot neglect the axiom that meets with general recognition in other countries-that to preserve peace we must be prepared for war. If we must have a military establishment let it not be a sham. Let us not have paper battalions and phantom regiments. In a former article we pointed out that the proposals of the Commission fall far short of the demands of the colony. This opinion is confirmed by their silence on the formation of a cavalry force. Upon consideration we think it will be evident to most ot our readers that a cavalry force could be easily formed in the colony ; and that, in the event of active hostilities, it would be found of very great advantage in many ways. Our colonists are horse- men, if not naturally, by common custom and experience. In the event of cavalry being called for, there would be no need to send recruits to the riding school. Some of them might be the better for being taught to sit more upright in their saddles, but there would be no fear as to their being able to keep their seats in rough riding. It would not be necessary to provide mounted volunteers with horses. These they would have no difficulty in providing foi themselves. There would be some difficulty at first in getting horses that could stand fire. To the use of this our bush horses are altogether unaccustomed, and a rifle shot would scatter a troop of them. One of the advantages of having a force of Yeomanry cavalry would be that the horses as well as the men would be accustomed to the use of firearms, and the smell of powder. Both would be trained to firing from horse-back; the horse would stand steady, and the rider could rely on its doing so. It would not be necessary that large companies of cavalry should be formed at one or two points. The cir- cumstances of the colony favour, and her interests demand, the formation of troops or squadrons at many points, and especially along the coast. The hussars are so named because, at their first formation, there was only twenty in a company, and no larger number is desirable in the squads of our mounted troops. By limiting the strength to the figure mentioned, troops could be much more easily formed, would be easily officered, and could be readily handled. There is not a township in the colony, almost, where twenty horsemen could not be readily got together. For such a troop a captain, two sergeants, and trumpeter would be sufficient. Of course, it will be asked-Who would drill them ? If they got a dozen regular drills of four hours each in the year, besides having occasional drills them- selves they would acquire a serviceable degree of efficency : the regular drills could be given by a travelling drill I instructor sent out and paid by the Government. In the course of a year, a sergeant from the regular army, or a commissioned officer could visit all thc leading townships of the colony and put horses and men into working shape. Were such a system as we have endeavoured to indicate adopted wc would then have companies of cavalry or hussars at many points upon thc coast, and in the inland districts. These mounted companies would not only be useful for scouting purposes, and performing such services as thc Uhlans and franc-tirreurs rendered in the Franco-Prussian war, but they would be the nucleus' of larger companies, if these «rere needed. Even though this were not the case, they might be found of great use in an emergency. In the last great European war the principal use of the cavalry was to cut off the communica- tions ol the opposing force, and prevent it gaining information regarding the movement of the army in advance of which they moved. A competent autho- rity upon the subject says :-" The information the cavalry obtained, and the manner in which they concealed the movements of the army in their rear mainly contributed to enable the leaders of the German army to carry out suc- cessfully their strategic plans." The French cavalry, it is alleged, were sacri- ficed because they were marched in masses and badly employed. It seems to us the troops of light horse we propose would be a most efficient arm of the colonial army. Supposing an exigency were to occur let us see how the mounted force would act. The Russians, we may imagine, by a series of scares, manufactured but after- wards denied by them, having created an impression that Syrney or Melbourne, in the event of war, would be attacked first, suddenly make a descent upon the coast of Queensland, and prepare to land troops at the mouth of the Pioneer River so as to seize and hold the rich sugar-growing country around Mackay. Immediately their presence and intention became manifest, the local forces would j be called out. The mounted men-and Mackay should have two troops of j twenty-five men each-would patrol the banks of the river and keep watch on all j points on which there was a possibility of j a landing being effected. Each trooper might be accompanied in outpost or, scouting duty by two or three mounted civilians so that constant and rapid communications might be kept up. In the meantime the telegraph having spread the tidings of the threatened invasion, the mounted troops would muster and march to the aid of thc attacked town. They might not be able to prevent the invaders from effecting a landing, but they would be of great assistance ia warning and assisting people to remove stock and rations before they could be seized. Then they I would be the means of causing the enemy to move their troops in masses, because their knowledge of the country would enable the Australian cavalry to to harrass and annoy, and thin small parties. They would prove a great check to the invaders not only in that way, but they would keep them com- pletely in the dark as to the movement of the forces that were being brought against them. Above all they would cause a delay which would be all in favour of the defenders. It would not be difficult, we think, to point out other ways in which a mounted force would be able to render prompt and efficient service. We are sorry so little attention has been given by the military com- ! mission to the propriety of establishing colonial cavalry squadrons, and hope when Parliament considers the state ot our defensive forces it will not be over- looked. FROM the advertisement which Bppearcd in our columns yesterday, it would be seen that Mr. Whitman, of Isisford, is not to be a can- didate at this time for the representation of the Mitchell. An important case he has coming on in the Supreme Court, at Brisbane, would prevent him canvassing the consti- tuency even to a limited extent, and he thinks unless he did so, and explained bis views fully, it would not be proper for him to solicit the suffrages of the electors. Had Mr. Whit- man offered his services he would have done so as a Government candidate, opposed, how- ever, to the Transcontinental Railway scheme. He would not oppose tho introduction of coloured labour on principle, but would let the planters have as many as they usofor. On these points Mr. Whitman has expressed no opinion at present. An Aramac correspondent in- forms us by telegraph that Mr. John Govett of Isis DOWDS, has made up his mind to come forward as a candidate. In his farewell address on the 21st ultimo, Mr. de Satgo suggested that Mr. Govett would be a suitable suocessor to himself in the representation of the Mitchell. Since then, thc gentleman alluded to baB consulted the leading electors in the district, and will come forward aa a candidate. Mr. Govett will givo an indepen- dent support to the present Government, but will oppoBC the Transcontinental Railway scheme, and tho introduction of alien labour into the interior of the colony. He was to leave Aramac for Blackall yesterday, with the view of addressing a meeting oi tho electors at tho latter place on Saturday. There is every likelihood thc return of Mr. Govett will be unopposed. Every ono here who knows anything about the electorate B.IVB au Opposi- tion candidate will have no chance TO-MOBBOW being Good Friday, the Morning Bulletin will not be issued. THE staff of this journal having availed themselves of thc opportunity afforded by our non-issue to-morrow, by arranging to take a day's outing down the river, this offico will be closed after eight this morning until to-morrow night at seven. Mn. MARTIN HOBAN is again to flic fore in catering for the public, and his announcement in another colnmn Btatcs that he has secured the Cremorne Gardens for Easter Monday. As UBual there will bo an officient baud in attendance so that lovers of tho terpsichorean art will bave an opportunity of indulging. Refreshments of a varied character will bc provided at a moderate figure. TiiEdrapcrs of Rockhampton will, to-morrow, (Friday) leave their counters and engage in a friendly game of cricket on tho North Rock- hampton ground. Their opponents will bc a mixed team, principally from thc legal and commercial offices of the city. Wc are glad to see a friendly spirit cxistiug between thc shop and office, and trust that a good afternoon's sport will bc thc result of thc contest. Tur correspondence received and despatched from the Rockhampton Post Office by thc Q I!.M. Company's mail steamers during the month of March was as follows :-Received per Almora, s.s., 19th March : 15G5 letters, 337 packets, 1901 newspapers. Despatched per Roma, s.s., 1st April : 1578 letters, 40 packets, 1099 newspapers ; per Almora, s.s., 29th March : 1C52 letters, 30 packets, 1070 newspapers, CAPTAIN COTTIEE informed us yesterday, that there vas no prêtent foundation for the statement made hy a Maryborough contem- porary, that the a. Lady Bowen waa under offer to the Hunter River New Steam Naviga- tion Company. Captain Jeune will rejoin the Lady Bowen in Brisbane as first officer. THE suggestion made in these oolumns a few days ago respecting the suspension of business on tho Saturday after Good Friday, has, it would appear, coincided with the views of the bank managers and the timber merchants, who have announced tho suspension of business for the Easter holidays from this morning until Tuesday next. Mcssra. W. Pearce and Co. also announce their intention to follow this excellent example. THE special meeting of thc Municipal Council called for yesterday afternoon, lapsed for lack of a quorum. Aldermen Ferguson, Sumner, Morris, and Page, were the only members present at the conclusion of the Board of Health meeting at 4'40 p.m. Alder- men Caporn, it should, however, bo men- tioned, was present at three o'clock, thc hour at which the Council was summoned to meet. Mi¡. C. D. BARBER, Oonsnelo, kindly sends in the following register of rainfall at that station last year :-January, 379 inches ; February, 2-17; March, 5-58; April, Of May, I'Cl; June, no rain; July, 015; August, 0-34 ; September, 1 '15 ; October, 0'25; November, 3'33; December, 10G. Total, 20-92 inches. Rainfall for 1880, 32-43 ; for 1879, 40 85. OUR telegrams yesterday stated that the claims agaainst the Marquis of Huntly have been withdrawn. His peers have no doubt come to his aid to keep down scandal. This young nobleman, a home paper informs us, had au estate of 85,000 acres with a rent roll of about £20,000. He married tho daughter of a wealthy Lancashire banker, and yet, at thirty four years of age, ho has gone tho same road as the Marquis of Hastings, the Earl of Aylsford, and half a dozen other aristocratic patrons of the turf. IN the absence of any announcement respecting the engagement of one of the larger steamers, tho s. Mabel has been chartered for a trip to Sea Hill and the other lions of Keppel Bay on Monday next. Should fine weather prevail, it is quite likely that this comfortable little vessel will be filled to its utmost capacity by excursionists anxious to inhale tho pure ozone of the bay, and also for a short interval, to get away from the town which contains all the dreadful matters referred to at the Board of Health yesterday. THE weekly return of the Rockhampton gaol ending 1st April, as furnished to the Visiting Justice (Mr. T. P. Pugh, P,M.) shows that at that date there were nineteen female and four male confinées. Compared with the previous return there was an increase of one-a female. Three males had been ad- mitted and a similar number discharged. There are five male prisoners awaiting trial, Eight are "doing" hard labour sentences, which, we suppose, is carefully moving a cannon ball cortaiu distances in measured time under tho vigilant guardianship of a warder. THE ordinary fortnightly sitting of the Small Debts Court was held before the Police Magistrate, yesterday morning. Strange to say, there were no defended cases, The following is a list of the undefended cases, in which judgments were given for the amounts sued for :-Super Ali ». Walter Wallis, work, £2, costs 10s.; George Bleicher ». - Pope, goods sold, £3, costs 10s.; H, G. Eaton v. A. Baggott, refreshments, £1 Ss., coBts 10s.; James Stewart and Co. v. - Kingham, goods, £20 8s. Sd., costs 13s.; Janet M'Gregor ». G. D. B. Nowlan, refreshments, &c;, £9 15s. Cd., costs 10s.; - Drake». GeorgeCoclis, board, £3 10s. Cd., costs 10s.; A. L. Dickson's estate v. Jane Peace, goods, £4 4s. lld., costs Cs. Cd.; same ». O'Brien, goods, £1 Os. 8d., costs Ca. Cd.; same ». George Stocks, goods, £3 18s. lld., costs 6s. Cd.; P. DaviB ». S. Webber, goods, £5 9s. 2d., costs £1 Hs. Tnc members of the Central Queensland Caledonian Society held one of their pleasant social gatherings in the Oddfellows' Hall, Denbam-street. Much regret was felt at the absence of Mr. John Headrick, his recent accident preventing him from coming out. The chair was ably filled by the other vice President, Dr. Salmond. Thc Rev. Alexander Hay delivered a most interesting lecture on thc Scottish Regiments of the British Army. When we mention that thia led thc lecturer to descant nn thc martial deeds of thc famous 42nd, 71st, 78th, 93rd, and other crack regiments it will bc understood that the sub- ject was most interesting. Mr. Hay treated it admirably, and the applause st intervals was loud and enthusiastic. After the lecture, several of the ladies and gentlemen enter- tained the Company with Scotch music and songs. The proceedings of thc meeting were wound up with an hour's dancing in which THERE were no polioe cases for hearing at thc Court yesterday. A QUADRILLE Assembly, the invitation to which is restricted BO as to ensure respecta- bility, will take place to-night in the Pro- testant Hall. THE Police Court offices will be closed for tho transaction of public business from this afternoon uutil Tuesday morning. Tho officials will, thercforo, have a well earned spell from their arduous duties. Our indefa- tigable P.M. however, notifies that ho will be in attendance on Saturday and Easter Monday morning to interview such drunken and disorderly persons which the police, in the careful exercise of their duty, may arrest. A MYSTERY CLEARED UP.-After inquiries, occupying several years, and extending to all the Australian colonies, thc police have at length satisfied themselves that Myles Kavanagh, a publican, of Woodside, near Adelaide, who mysteriously disappeared in December, 187C, was not murdered, as waB at first supposed, but that he left this locality clandestinely, after being associated with a married woman in Adelaide, and because he was tired of a publican's life. Rome relatives assert that they saw and challenged him at Mount Gambier, as recently as the year 1SS0, and that he blushed aud walked away. NEW CALEDONIAN CONVICTS.- A corrcs pondont of thc f>yd»r,u llrrnhl writes from Noumea. A hold attempt at evasion was made on thc 22od March hy six convicts at Ile Nou, who, in broad daylight aud in presence of their guards, seized the boat, which os usual had arrived early in the morning with thc rations of meat from Noumea. They dashed into thc boat, threw the crew into thc water, and tried to make off with the boat. The surveillants fired upon them, killed one, and j wounded three others-ono of them seriously and thus put an end to that insane attempt, for thc convicts had not the ghost of a chance to succeed in their efforts. This instance strongly illustrates thc uphill task it is now ' for the authorities to maintain a proper discipline over these desperate men. One has lately launched into a new line for securing his liberty. A parcel of documents lias been forwarded to the Governor from the Minister in Paris for further inquiry. These papers purport to be certificates from the Commissaire of Police, the municipal council, the dircctcuj of thc Pénitentiaire Administration, aud from thc Governor himself, recommending a convict named Petiteau for pardon, in consequence of bis courage and devotion in saving a lady resident of Noumea, who, with ber two children-during a visit to thc country-were drowning iu the middlo nf a broad river, through the upsetting of a boat. The action of the man was praised in these documents in tho highest terms. All the requisite office stamps and signatures were in perfect order. The Governors Signatare only seemed a little doubtful, but it might have passed, with many others perfectly imitated, but for the unofficial heading of the Governor's certificate, whioh caused suspicion and led to thc discovery of this singular series of forgeries, which, as a matter of course, Petiteaa knows nothing about. 