LAW COURTS. CQURT OF APPEALS. Monday, Decembeb *1. [Before Eia Excellency the Governor, and the following members of the Executive Council, viz., His Honor the Chief Justice, Hon. J. C. Bray, Hon. J. G. Ramsay, Hon. J. L. Parsons, and Hon. L. Glyde.J "WOOD V. NATIONAL MUTUAL LIFE ASSOCIA TION. Mr. Harold Downer for the appellant; tlie Hon. W. H. Bundey, Q.O., with Mr. J. H. Symon, Q.C., for the respondents. ( Continuation.) Mr. Downer, in opening his argument on behalf of the appellant, described at some length the facts of the case from the initia tory proceedings in the Local.Court up to the reversal of the jury's verdict by the judges in Banco. He submitted that the defendants, when the case came to the Supreme Court, admitted their liability prima facie as re garded the fact of there being evidence as to the insanity of Neville at the time he com mitted suicide; and unless they could establish, as they said they could, that hhe assured was of sound mind when he' committed suicide they were undoubtedly liable to pay the amount for which he was insured. The learned counsel then dealt with the facts of the case. He said it appeared from the evidence that as far back as 1870 there were two men living together in Victoria named respectively Quiney and Adams. They were very close friends; they lived apart from the world in extraordinary seclusion, and their relations with one another were of the most singular description. Their affection was said to have been stronger than the affection felt by man towards woman, and there could be no doubt that they were very intimate and peculiar. From the evi dence it appeared that Quiney got into some sort of trouble, and came over to South Australia, whence he wrote several very singular letters, in which he seemed to fear that his friend Adams would commit suicide. The letters were evidently the com position of an over-strained mind—a mind unhinged, and the court would see that even as far back as in 1S70 there was a suicidal idea in this man, who it afterwards turned out was no other than Neville. He argued that the letters showed him to be a man of morose character—one possessing a diseased or a disordered mind. Mr. Downer then read some of the evidence taken on commission, besides some of the letters written at the date referred to, portions of which, he contended, showed that the mind of the deceased was even then suicidally inclined. Adams and Neville at length arrived together in South Australia and lived together near Gawlerfor someyears. They still kept up the same earnest and singular affection for one another • there was the same extraordinary intimacy. As far as could be gathered from the evidence and from subsequent occurrences he mi»ht de scribe the two friends as "mind" and "body." Neville's mind was a hypersensi tive one, while Adams, who was of course in reality Adamson, the man who committed suicide simultaneously with Neville, possessed the physical strength. The Chief Justice at this stage asked the learned counsel where the evidence was of the two friends having led a secluded life. He had not found the evidence himself of their living in seclusion from the rest of the world. Mr. Downer said the evidence of persons who were intimate friends of theirs showed that even they never visited them at their residence, so that inferentially it might be argued that their habits were very secluded and strange. The counsel next referred to the insurance company's circular. The evidence of Mr. Templeton, their agent, showed that the society held out special inducements to persons, and professed that its conditions were more liberal than those of any other company. Amongst other things they paid policies of persons who died by their own hands. He should be able to show that suicide while the mind was unsound was held in law not to be suicide. Those very words actually led the unfortunate man Neville in his highly strained state of mind to commit suicide, and he thought that was a very strong argument to snow what was operating in his mind. Mr. Templeton. him self, the company's agent, represented to the deceased that the policy would not he vitiated if his death was oc casioned by his own hands. He then detailed the circumstances surrounding the deceased's application for the policy, and re ferred to the friends' reports, &c.;, and con tended that as respected the point raised by the other side as to Neville having lived under another name, it was totally unimportant. In September, 1S79, he had, it appeared, fallen into difficulties, and determined to put an end to his life. The question then arose— Was he at that time of unsound mind ? Both Neville and Adamson when they committed suicide, and more especially Neville, went to work very methodically. Neville experi mented with himself, and as the experiments failed, he and his friend determined to bring matters to a close by the speedy and simple process of hanging. His Excellency asked Mr. Downer whether it was contended that Adamson was mad also'! Mr. Downer said that he thought he was, though it had nothing to do with the argument. He then read the letters written by Neville just before his death, some of which he contended were of a very peculiar character. They were letters of a man having a highly-strung mind, and were not, he sub mitted, the composition of one in the full possession of his reasoning faculties. The letters showed deliberation. They were letters of an extremely morbid character, and very similar in many respects to those written in 1870 to his friend in Melbourne. From their contents it seemed as if he felt he had been injured by some people and that death was the only escape. They were morbid and strange communica tions, such as might be expected to have been the composition of one suffering from a suicidal mania. Then, again, he was a be liever in spiritualism. The evidence of a witness named Woodman showed that he once told that person that he had seen the spirit of a friend of his in Melbourne, and had moved on O.ne side to let it pass. Again, there were the extraordinary drawings in pen and ink which he told the witness Wood man he had executed at the dictation of spirits. Were these things consistent with a sane man's. conduct ? The drawings were skilfully and artistically done, but he (the learned counsel) considered them of a morbid and strange character, and much in keeping with the extraordinary letters he had before alluded to. The question of the spirit hallu cination was eminently one that a jury should decide. A man was held to be insane because his views differed from the views of other people. They must arrive at sanity or insanity by exercising the ordinary senses of human nature, and he was of opinion that a spiritualist was the victim of hallucina tion, and therefore insane on that point. Per sons who held very extraordinary views were insane. The facts he had described went to the jury, and they found that the deceased was of unsound mind. His learned friend Mr. Bundey did not on the first trial ask the court to direct the jury that there was no evidence, and he (Mr. Downer) submitted that point should not have been taken in the Full Court. He thought the Full Court acted ultra v>res in upsetting the verdict of the jury. They should have allowed a new trial. They acted under rule 10. The power of the Full Court to make rules was contained in the 29th section of the Supreme Court Act. Sections 21, 22, 23, and 24 dealt with trial by jury, and he confidently argued that that Act specially provided for a trial by jury in a case like the present one. Mr. Downer read portions of the Act, and sub mitted that apart from the merits, the Full Court had no authority to upset the jury's verdict. He then cited from Balfour Brown on Medical Jurisprudence, and from other books bearing on the question of insanity, and quoted Baron Bramwell's remarks in substantiation of his contention that the jury were quite as competent as, if not more so, than a skilled man to deal with that subject. As regarded Neville seeing the spirit, he thought no man hearing another make such a statement would have any doubt as to its being the statements of a lunatic or a liar. There were three things then— the vision of the spirit in Melbourne, the drawings, and his groundless suspicions of persons residing around him, all of which pointed to his disturbed mind, and which taken altogether, were very strong proof of insanity. Allusion had been made in the court below to an analogy between that case and the character of Hamlet. It was a fairly debatable point whether or not Hamlet was of sound mind. But then Hamlet did see the ghost. He was under no delusion. He reasoned most acutely, and in most exquisite language on the subject of self-slaughter. He argued in a morbid manner on real facts, and some of the cleverest men of the time thought he was of unsound mind. How much more so then must Neville have been, who not only debated the subject, but subsequently killed himself. If it was once conceded that Neville was influenced by spirits, then the jury were best qualified to judge of his action. Suicide in itself was indicative of insanity. No instinct was stronger than the instinct of self-preservation. The act of suicide was repugnant to human nature. The counsel cited from the leading case, Bonnerdate v. Hunter, S. Manning and Grainger, 639, as to suicide being proof of insanity. Mr. Downer then commented in severe terms upon the action of the companyin trying to escape payment of the policy. They had, he argued, basely repudiated the very essence of their contract, and tried to get out of the difficulty by insignificant quibbles, the points aB to his being a fugitive from justice and the false name being unwarrant able. The learned counsel concluded his address, which lasted several hours, by allud ing to the extraordinary circumstances at tending the double suicide, and the improba bility of two sane men committing self-murder in the manner adopted by Neville and Adam son. The Chief Justice said the court would like to bear Mr. Downer on the point of com pulsory nonsuit; and upon the counsel's say ing be was not prepared to go into it at that moment as be had not got his cases with him, His Honor referred hiin to several leading cases, and Mr. Downer obtained leave to deal with it in his reply. Mr. Bundey said he should not detain the court at great length, but would deal with the principal features in the case. Some of the arguments used by his learned friend were not warranted by tlie facts. Firstly, as to the company's action in issuing the prospectus. It was absurd to suppose that it could mean that an assured person's policy would be paid if be committed suicide. Nothing of this sort was for a moment intended. It would simply he holding out a premium to felony. The words were obviously not to be construed as Mr. Downer suggested. Then as tc the manner in which Neville became insured, The assurance business was commenced by an express fraud on the part of the assured. He would never have been assured at all if be had not deceived the company by falsely representing himself, or rather^ by keeping back information which be was in law bound to disclose upon application. His learned friend had said a great deal aboutths verdict of the jury in the court below, but be (Mr. Bundey) would remind him _ of another verdict of another jury at an inquest held in Gawler two days after the tragedy, when felo de-se was recorded against the deceased, and by a jury composed of people amongst whom be bad been living for years, and who knew all about him, and could tell better than any one whether or not he was responsible for his actions. That was one fatal reason why the company, even if they had been so minded, could not have paid. Mr. Downer said the burden of proof was on the defendants as to Neville's sanity, but be thought the plaintiff was the one who should prove him insane. Pleas of insanity were fast becoming looked at with more and more caution especially at home. In Lefroy's case it was proved that some of the murderer's relatives for generations back bad been insane or had shown signs of homicidal tendency, but he was convicted, and very properly hanged. Mr. Bundey went at considerable length into the evidence of several of the witnesses, and traversed Mr. Downer's views as to their value. He contended that Neville was not a morbid man. He was a cool, calm, far-seeing person, " not easily riled" as one witness had said, and the evidence showed that be did not live in seclusion as had been urged, but that he mixed about with his fellow-men. The letters he had written were the cool, calm, and deliberate compositions of a practical man, and not the idiotic productions of a man of unsound intellect. The learned counsel ridiculed the contentions of the other side as to the spiritualistic hallucinations amounting to insanity. Mr. Downer had submitted that every man who held opinions different from the majority of men were insane, but that was ridiculous. Were those well-meaning and highly-respected people known as the Quakers mad because their opinions differed from those of most people, and they were accordingly in a very small minority. Neville was ruined and in dis grace. He bad had to fly from justice and preferred death to the Insolvency Court. The learned counsel then dealt at some length with the question raised as to the power of the Full Court to alter the jury's verdict, and contended that under the jloth clause of the Act the court could vary, alter, or change discretionally. Mr. Symon followed Mi". Bundey, and in troduced his argument by referring to the power of the court below to enter a verdict for the defendants, and dealt very fully with the sections of the Supreme Court Act, with a view of upholding the ruling of the Full Court. He read the preamble to the Act, and argued that it was passed to facilitate the administration of justice. It introduced an element of discretion that did not exist be fore. Previously it was a matter of machinery whether a jury should try certain cases or not, but now either party could come before a judge and ask his opinion as to whether it was a case for a jury or not. He next re ferred to Mr. Downer's remarks and com parisons respecting Hamlet, which he en deavored to show were not well founded. The learned counsel carefully dealt with the most important features in the evidence, and ridiculed the idea of the cleverly executed drawings done by Neville being indicative of unsound mind. The man, he said, preferred suicide to dishonor. He had a vindictive, revengeful nature. Not only did he seek by his death to relieve him self of his difiiculties, but he thought he could harass the consciences of those to whom he was indebted. The deliberate nature of his operations contradicted the idea of insanity. After briefly touching on the principal points of the case, Mr. Symon concluded by confi dently asking the court to dismiss the appeal. Mr. Downer, in replying, dealt with the arguments of Mr. Bundey and Mr. Symon, and strongly urged the point as to the ina bility of the Full Court to reverse the jury's decision. The Chief Justice remarked that the Full Court ought to do what the judge ought to Lave done. That was the modern rule. The Privy Council decided that. Mr. Downer contended that it would have been different had the judge been asked to direct a nonsuit, but the judge in that case had not been asked, and Mr. Bundey had gone to the jury on the evidence. He had always understood, that if the jury was allowed to give a verdict, then the case must be sent hack to the jury if the court held their verdict to he wrong or contrary to evidence, but that if the point was not taken in the court below, it could not be taken in the court above. He concluded by con fidently submitting that the verdict was in accordance with the evidence, and asked the court to uphold the jury's finding. His Excellency said the court would deliver it's judgment on the following morning, at 11 o'clock, The court thefl adjourned. 