THE RESURRECTION MAjS. Perhaps you're not aware How the deeds of Burke and Hare, When they'd made a dreadful scare,' Came to end. But, lest history repeat Sr.cn a cold and gouty feat, - For sage and fool 'tis meet ? To perpend. Each his twenty guineas made f. ' Digging bodies newly laid 'Heath the sad cypress shade, . ' Upforsale^ ' And great scientific men j Karning_famejby_knif e and pen, _ i Paid them often and again' ~ ' ' : * On the nail. ' ' - Fairy Science has a claim ' ?''?''? To put sentiment to shame, Though pity, all the same, Judgment warps. So, when Messieurs Hare and Burke Did a night of digging work. Doctors' payment didn't shirk Tor the corpse. But one night these digging men Sat inside a boozing den, And with gin now and again Slaked their thirst. 'When one ventured to propound Bodies easier could he found Which had ne'er been in tie ground Buried first. So they bought a sickly life, And, avoiding drng or knife, Made the dying body rife With their gin. Till the weary spirit fled And, the 'party' being dead, To the hospital they sped For the tin. But the doctors smelt a rat And refusal the money flat And said ne'er corpse like that Should come in. So the diggers, looking black. To the boozing den went back To have another crack At the gin. Then there entered men in blue (The diggers' faces bore that hue) And they bursted m this new Little came. And Messieurs Burke and Hare, To the prison did repair, While their patrons had to hear Half the blame. N«w, the morale it is plain To the speculative swain, Of a corpse make honest gain, If you can. But, if you hqDe to thrive. Do not trade in ghosts alive, Or to prison you will drive In th*» mn. Tramline Accidext.— On Thursday, May 4 (says the Gawlcr Standanl), about midday, a. wagon belonging to Mr. Lanae was crossing the tramline siding near Mr. Roediger's, when one of the front wheels caught in the tramline, and in the endeavour to extricate it the axle (a 2-inch one) broke. The unsuit ability of the rails for street-traction has been pointed out over and over again, and the present accident is another instance. Government Tenders.— The following tenders ?were opened at the Surveyor-General's Office on Friday, and the names of the' lowest tenderers are :— Making Mnndoora-road, William Tonken ; clearing and grubbing road, Hnndred Hawker, W. H. Wes combe ; clearing road. Hunted Maloowurtie. G. Batitari; preparing Bumbnnga Well, Hundred Hawker, E. Ketchford; clearuia road. Hundred Wfllowie, A. Bartsche ; and clearing road, Hundred Kilkerras, Thomas Brown. Elizabeth of Anstria is one of the most accom plished of empresses, she talks at pleasure in German, English, and French, and skips from one to other as a bird among the branches of trees. *' Of course I speak English,' she said lately to an American gentleman. 'Don't I read your St SieitHot to my chSilrcn? And, to t«ll the truth, I like the stories for myself.' 