ntcwolonial. 1¥JEW SOUTH WALES. Consecration of the Right Rev. Dr. Cani, First Catholic Bishop of Rockhampton. (From the Courier's Sjtecial Correspondent). Sydney, May ‘22. On Sunday last an event or very great im portance to the Catholic residents of Queens land, and in which an unusual amount of interest had been manifested, took place at St. Mary’s pro-Cathedral, Sydney—namely, the consecration of the Right Rev. Dr. Cani, who was recently appointed by His Holiness the Pope to the position of Bishop of the newly-established diocese of Rockhampton. The consecration of a Bishop is one of the must interesting and solemn of the cere monies of the Catholic Church, and the whole proceedings at St. Mary’s on Sunday were carried out with much solemnity ami ecclesiastical grandeur. It was not till half past II that the service commenced, but long before that time the spacious building was filled in every part, and among the large con gregation were not a few members of other Churches. St. Mary’s wore its brightest aspect, and the sanctuary presented an ornate and brilliant appearance. The entire sanc tuary was artistically draped with bright coloured silks am.l damasks, while the Archi episcopal throne was covered by an elegant canopy of wl:ite satin. The high altar was adorned by Church ornaments and flowers, and as the light through the windows was subdued by the heavy draperies the appear ance of tiie sanctuary was made the more imposing by that “dim religious light” which heightens the effect and adds so much to the impressiveness of all Church cere monies. In the right aisle of the pro-cathe drai a chapel was fitted up for the Bishop elect, and on the altar of this chapel there were vases of flowers and lighted tapers. The ecclesiastics who were to take part in the ceremonial assembled at the presbytery about 11 o'clock, and there the consecrating prelate (Archbishop A auglian), the assistant Bishops, the Bishop elect, and the officiating priests were attired in the proper vestments. Under the direction of the master of cere monies (the Very Kev. Dean Dwyer) a pro cession was formed, and after marching through the cathedral grounds the ecclesiastics and acolytes entered the church by the door near the choir. Hirst came the acolytes in their picturesque costumes, preceded by cross and torch bearers ; then a number of priests attired in cassocks and surplices, after whom walked their lordships the Right Rev. Dr. Murray (bishop of Maitland), Right Rev. Dr. Lanigun. (bishop of Goulburn), Right Rev. Dr. Toi reggiani (Bishop of Armidale), and the bishop elect, and their respective chap lains ; then the archiepiscopal cross bearer; next the deacons of the mass and throne ; and last of ail the Archbishop and his attendants. As soon as the sacerdotal procession entered the building the choir burst forth in the an them “ Rcce Sacerdos Magnus.” As chief cele brant and consecrating prelate Dr. Vaughan was arrayed in full pontificals, mitre on head and crozierin hand, and the attendant deacons wore elegant vestments oil white and gold richly ornamented. The Bishop elect wore a magnificent cope and a. small black biretta, while the Bishops of Maitland and Goulburn, in addition to copes and mitres of white silk, wore rochets, amices, and stoles. When the procession reached the sanctuary all who had taken part in it were conducted to the places allotted them. Archbishop Vaughan was es corted to his “faldstool” near the High Altar, and the assistant Bishops and Bishop elect were, accommodated with seats immediately in front of him, facing the altar. Dr. Tor reggiaui, who did not take an active part in the ceremonies, retired to a place prepared for him, on the epistle side of the sanctuary. In addition to the Bishops the following clergy men were present : — Very Rev. Dean Sheridan, V. G., assistant priest ; Very Rev. Dean Dwyer and Rev. .1. Fleming, masters of cere monies ; Rev. ,1. F. Fitzpatrick and Rev. 0. F. P. Collingridge, deacons of the Mass ; Rev. J. J. Garvey and Rev. .1. M. Garavel. deacons of the throne ; Very Rev. Father Dalton, S.J. ; Rev W. J. Kelly, S.J. ; Very Rev. Fere Joly, S.Al. ; Rev. F. J. Mahon ; Rev. Father Ecuyer, S.AF , Very Rev. Dr. Byrne, of Bathurst ; Rev, A. A-inbrosoli, and Rev. B. Callachor. Dr. Byrne acted as chaplain to the Bishop of Maitland and Father Atnbrosoli as chaplain to the Bishop of Gonlburn, while Father Cal laclior attended on the Bishop elect. The proceedings were commenced by the assistant Bishops bringing up the Bishop elect and presenting him with respectful obesianoes to the A ehbishop, after which they resumed their seats. The senior assisting Bishop (Dr. Murray) then said:—“ Most Reverend Father,—Onr Holy Mother the Church demands of you to promote the priest here present to the office of a Bishop.” To this the consecrator replied, “Have you the apostolic mandate'?” The senior assistant Bishop said, “ We have,” whereupon Pore July, S.M., acting as notary to the presiding Bishop, read the mandate. After this somewhat lengthy document had been read Dr. Cani, kneeling before the con secrating prelate, pronounced the prescribed oath. The Bishop elect, in the words of the office, declared that with his whole heart lie desired in everything to act in conformity with the Holy Scriptures. He also promised to teach by word and by example to the people over whom he was to be set whatever things he had learned oui of the Holy Scriptures. He promised also that he would reverently receive, teach, and keep the traditions of the orthodox fathers, and the decretals and con stitutions of the holy and apostolic see. He likewise promised canonical obedience to Pope Leo XIII., as the representative of St. Peter ; that he would so order his personal conduct as to avoid all that was evil, and with God’s assistance would follow after all that was good ; that he would teach and practise the cardinal virtues ; that ho would as much as possible avoid secular affairs, and forbear to seek after worldly gain, and that he would practise and teach the virtues of humility and patience ; and, lastly, that he would, for the Lord’s sake, be kind to strangers and be pitiful to the poor. After all the questions had been satisfactorily answered, the conse crating prelate said :—“ Most beloved brother in Christ, may this thy faith be increased by the Lord until thou shalt come to true and eternal happiness.’’ All in the sanctuary answered “ Amen !” and then the Bishop elect was conducted to his chapel, where he divested himself of his cope, and was vested with chasuble and maniple, stole, tunic, dalmatic, pectoral cross, and sandals. Pontifical High Mass was commenced bv Archbishop Vaughan and Dr. Cani, and the assistant Bishops at the special altar in the chapel recited the service of the mass in unison with the consecrating prelate at the High Altar. The epistle and tract being finished, the Bishop elect proceeded to the sanctuary, accompanied by Dr. Lanigan and Dr. Murray, when the consecrator briefly in structed him on the duties of his episcopal office. The consecrator then called upon the con gregation to pray for the newiy- appointed prelate, that his episcopate might he for the benefit of the Church, and then followed the Litanies with special suffrages for the elect. Then the. book of Gospels was placed on the shoulders of the Bishop elect, and after that the consecrator and assisting Bishops solemnly laid their hands on ids head, saying the sacramental words, “ A tripe Spirit mu Sanc tum'' (Receive thou the Holy Ghost). The consecrator having laid aside his mitre, o(Venal up the prayin' Propit tare (famine, &e.;, and so passe 1 on to the Stirsum Cord a. The beauti ful hymn, “ Yen! Creator Spirit lift," was sub sequently begun by the Archbishop, and completed by the assembled clergy, with Fathers Fitzpatrick and Garavel as the prin eipal chanters. Whilst the hymn was being rendered the presiding prelate anointed the head of the new bishop with chrism, saving the duly-appointed words, “ Be thy head anointed and consecrated in the order of high priest hy heavenly benediction, in the name of th(>. Father and of the yon and of the Holy Ghost.” The hands of the new bishop were next anointed, and having done that the consecrator said, “ Be these hands anointed with sacred oil and the chrism of sanctification ; as Samuel anointed Divid to be king and proplrf, so be they anointed and consecrated. In the name of God the Father, and of God the Son, and of the Holy' Ghost, bearing on them the likeness of the holy cross of our Saviour the Lord Jesus Christ, who redeemed us from death and obtained for us the kingdom of heaven.” Prayers were then offered for the elect, at the conclusion of which the consecrator blessed and gave the new Bishop his crazier or pastoral staff, which was of brightly burnished silver ; his episcopal ring, the book of Holy Gospels ; and lastly, with the other prelates he greeted him with the fraternal kiss of peace according to the ancient custom of the Catholic Church. When placing the ring on Dr. Cani’s finger the consecrator said, “ Receive this ring the pledge of affiance, that, being adorned with the token of un tainted fidelity, thou mayest guard with honour incorrupt the spouse of God, His I Holy Church.” On handing him the crozier he said : “ Receive this staff of the pastoral office, that in the correction of vice thou mayest employ severity with kindness, and exercise judgment without anger, and that in cherish | ing virtue thou mayest soothe the minds of thy hearers without neglecting, in thy peaceful ness, the severity of reproof and on pre senting him with the Book of Gospels, “ Re ceive the Gospel, and go forth and preach it to the people committed to thee, for God is powerful to augment His grace to thee, who liveth and reigneth world without end.” The newly-consecrated Bishop then returned to his chapel, and went on with the Mass as far as the offertory, when he again proceeded to the sanctuary, this time for the purpose of presenting the consecrating prelate with two wax candles, two loves of bread, and two miniature casks of wine. Both the loaves and the wine casks were covered with gold and silver, and bore the crests of the new Bishop and the consecrator, as also did the candles. After the presentation, the Bishop of Rockhampton proceeded to the side of the High Altar, and said and did all that per tained to the pontifical office of the Mass, in unison with the most reverend celebrant. There were special prayers appointed and recited during the remainder of the service, both in the canon and post communion, and at the conclu sion of the Mass the consecrating prelate blessed and placed the mitre on the head of the consecrated Bishop, and, having conducted him to his seat, placed the crozier in his hand; and then, bowing to the altar, intoned the opening of the Te Deum. Whilst the hymn of joy was being sung by the priests, the Right Rev. Dr. Cani, supported on either side by one of the assisting Bishops, proceeded round the church, giving his blessing to the congregation as he passed along. On the return to the sanctuary, the consecrating and assisting prelates, without mitres, stood at the Gospel side and the new Bishop went to the centre of the altar and pronounced the pontili cal benediction. At tin; blessing the sanctuary presented a most imposing appearance ; the richly-vested prelates and deacons, the number of scarlet-robed acolytes, the assem blage of priests in black and white robes, the handsome draperies, and the High Altar dazzling with lights and ilowers, make up a scene never before equalled in these colonies. The musical portion of the service consisted of selections from Haydn’s lGth Mass and Van Breo’s No. 1. Mrs. Frank Brewer, Mrs. Gilfoyle, Mr. James Hinehy, Mr. J. id. Flynn, and Mr. M. Fitzpatrick, were the soloists. Herr Sussmilch conducted, and Mr. Titos.. Banks presided at the organ. On the whole the performance of the choir was a creditable one. Father William Kelly, S.J., who delivered an address soms short time since in St. Stephen's, Brisbane, was the preacher of the day, and the sermon was delivered immedi ately after the Gospel. Taking for his text the words—“The Pastor and Bishop of your souls 1st Epistle St. Peter, 2 chap, 25th v., Father Kelly delivered a brilliantly eloquent and profoundly interesting discourse on the episcopal office, its origin and meaning, and the duties and responsibilities of the spiritual pastor to God and to his Hock. The office of a Bishop was one of unflagging lain mr, endless care, and constant watchfulness, and the difficulties and trials were increased when a Bishop was placed in a diocese such as the one to which Dr. Cani had been appointed. The new Bishop had cheerfully entered upon his apostolic labours, and had declared him self ready to sacrifice his health and strength and to lay down his life if necessary for the glory of God and the advancement of religion, lie (Father Kelly) had had the happiness of meeting Dr. Cani ou three occasions—first at flic council held in Melbourne, at which Bishops and priests from all parts of Austral asia attended, and Dr. Cani, who attended that council as a Doctor of Divinity, as the theologian of his reverend and beloved Bishop, and as the secretary of an important religious congregation, displayed great ability in the debates. The second time was on the occa sion of a visit to Brisbane, and then he found him engaged on a great work, labouring unceasingly, and with love and self- denial, to bring to a completion the cathedra! of St. Stephen. Dr. Cani spent his days and nights in a mere hovel under the shadow of the temple that was slowly growing and at taining its grand proportions, and he appeared to live only for the cathedral, so great was his zeal and so strong his love for the glory of the House of God. The third time was when he visited Brisbane to take part in the solemn commemoration ser vice for the late lamented Bishop, and he was then administrator of the diocese. While holding that responsible position, and in the midst of all Ids cares and troubles, lie ex pressed a hope that lie might he fortunate enough to secure the services of a missionary father, in order that he might travel to the extreme limits of the extensive diocese and carry with him the consolations and blessings of religion. lie would not in that place make any more than a passing reference to his labours. He had now been placed as the Bishop over large and. interesting realms, and be (Father Kelly) asked all present to pray that blessings may descend upon him and fill bis heart with jov and consolation, and to unite with the Church in her prayer that the ■days and the labours of the first Bishop of Rockhampton may be long, and fruitful, and felicitous. The solemn yet brilliant ceremonies were brought to a close with the mutual congratu lations of the newly-consecrated Bishop on his consecration ; and the assistant Bishops, prelates, priests, and acolytes then formed a procession and moved through the church as they had entered, the organist playing an in spiring march. From the pro-Cathedral the procession proceeded through the grounds to the presbytery, the Archbishop and Dr. Cani blessing the. people who gathered around as it passed along. At the presbytery the new Bishop was entertained at a banquet. It was nearly three o'clock before the Church cere monies were finished, hut nearly the whole of the congregation remained till the last. During his stay in Sydney the Bishop of Rockhampton has been the guest of Arch bishop Vaughan, at Si. John’s College. 