DR. SHORT'S FAREWELL SERMON. His Lordship the Anglican Bishop of Ade- laide, Dr. Short, delivered his farewell sermon at St. Peter's Cathedral on the evening of New Year's Day. There was a large atten- dance. After the usual devotional services the Very Rev. Canon Dendy, D.D., gave an impressive discourse from the text, "Now we beseech you, brethren, by the coming of our Lord Jesus Christ, and by our gathering together unto him, that ye be not shaken in mind, or be troubled neither by spirit nor by word, nor by letter as from us, as that the day of Christ is at hand." His Lordship then took the pulpit, and spoke as follows—"Our Heavenly Father has in His goodness suffered me to recover my strength a little before I leave you. I desire, therefore, by way of remembrance, to stir you up to follow after godliness, and to 'lay hold' of eternal life. Take heed then brethren to St. Paul's words, who lays down the law of the inner Christian life and the rule of Christian conduct in these words—Romans xiv., 7 and 8—'No one of us liveth to himself, and no one dieth unto himself, for whether we live we live unto the Lord, and whether we die we die unto the Lord; whether, therefore, we live or die we are the Lord's.' So far as we realise and act upon this truth are we Christians indeed. Consider then, brethren, who you are, 'for' ye are not your own. Of all his creatures man alone God created in His own image, and when by dis- obedience man defaced that image God in His boundless love took this fallen manhood into God; God the word became flesh as the second Adam to restore in us that image which had been marred in the first. The God of man Christ Jesus suffered death as the wages of sin (not His own, but outs). Rising from the dead He raised us in Himself to newness of life, both in the flesh and in the Spirit. We are not our own then, for we have been bought with a price, even the blood of the Lamb, ordained before the foundation of the world. Thus by creation and by redemption God claims our service. Nay, more, look how He has provided for sanctifying His redeemed. God the Holy Ghost came according to the promise of the Father to abide with the church for ever. What more could God have done for man's recovery from sin and death? Receive then, dear brethren, with meekness the engrafted word, which is able to save your souls. Realise in your daily life and intercourse with the world that 'ye are not your own.' Amid trials, sorrows, and discords they who are led by the spirit of God are guided from above. They receive now the spirit of bond- age and fear, not of love and power and a sound mind. St. Paul has illus- trated this, showing how even in things indifferent, they who are Christ's neither judge nor despise one another, for Christ liveth in them. They are not their own, and they glorify God in their body and their spirit, which are His. Thus the Gospel by the power of the Cross reverses and repairs the curse of the Fall. Only strive to remem- ber at all times that, whether living or dying, you are the Lord's. Then will His Word come to you with the power of His Spirit. You will know whom you have believed, that you are Christ's and Christ is God's. Amen." 