THEATRE ROYAL 'THE GREEN LANES OF ENGLAND.' Mr. Alfred Dampier began his season at the Theatre Royal on Saturday night as Gen tleman George in the above play, before a very large audience. A shout of delirious approbation went up as the curtainrose dis- closing an absolutely new set- scene called 'The Green Lanes in Summer,' and the artist was compelled to bow his acknowledg- ments. It is true that the background re sembled a landscape on the Onkaparinga. near Woodside, but the foreground, composed of interlacing beeches, was decidedly Eng ish, and the whole effect exceedingly pretty. ' The Green Lanes in Winter' with its snow storm, and ' The Old Granary,' were also scenes which pleased the eye : and this new departure into pictorial novelty was faith fully observed throughout. Concerning the play itself nothing much can be said by way of commendation. It is composed of ' 'situations,' hardly one of which is original ; of bathos ; of words and actions which are sometimes detestably, sometimes idiotically, unnatural. It is entirely objectless, having no raison d'etre, and so far as the authors are concerned not one single character of any dramatic value is created. No adequate motive for the persecution by Clement Flint of Margaret Wheatstone becomes established, and the construction of ' The Green Lanes' is of that tawdry, Jack-in-the-box description which suggests a threepenny gallery or even a penny gall. The foundation of the entire fabric is a seduction, and the consequences of this seduction form much of the superstructure. What is perhaps the best dramatic moment — where Margaret is forced to read to her father the confession of her shame— is stolen bodily, shamelessly, from 'The Willow Copse.' What is original is unreal and stupid, and what 1s not stupid is not original Yet, possibly, because it is well-mouthed claptrap, we feel persuaded the piece will be popular here. The management deserve to make a large profit on the production, because they have staged ' The Green Lanes of England' with an unusually liberal hand. Mr. Dampier met with a cordial reception, and played admirably. Gentleman George is a broken-down University man, who asso ciates with London roughs and swindlers. But somehow he retains many of the finer instincts, which liquor has failed to obliterate, and preserves a cool manner of uttering shrewd pleasantries, and a happy knack of doing the right thing at the right time, which makes him the most interesting personage of the drama. It is true the plot is not helped by Gentleman George ; but that is a matter of indifference, seeing that if there be a plot —a most necessary ' if '—no other personage vouchsafes it the slightest assistance. Besides, Mr. Dampier's Gentleman George is a picturesque vagabond, and, in the snow storm, wears a most artistic study in rags, shaped so as to appear like the ghost of a dilapidated topcoat. Then Air. Dampier has an easy and natural style of expression, with a clear, penetrating voice capable of convey ing the text distinctly to every corner of the theatre— whenever the orchestra is not too in sistant. We did not see half enough of him, and if by suppressing three-fourths of the agony-welters a commensnrate amount of room were found for Gentleman George, the change would prove a vast improvement to ' The Green Lanes of England. Miss Amy Adere played the heroine, Margaret Wheat stone. She has a nice stage presence and ex pressive features, but delivered the words with a slow, wailing utterance, growing monotonous and delaying the action, and must be held mainly accountable for the late hour at which the performance concluded. Miss Rose Dampier did bravely as the child, Nelly, and was never once at fault. She is wonderfully correct in her ' business,' but those who have trained her thus successfully will do well to inculcate a quicker enunciation, as any tendency to drawl will never aid the clever little woman in her after career. Miss Grantleigh appeared for Miss Fischer, to whom had been assigned the small part of Martha Flint, and was as usual forcible and intelligent. Miss Julia Merton again waded knee-deep in hyper sentimentalism and repugnant motherhood ; while Miss Marion Melrose used her best efforts to lift the character of Clara Selby above its natural level as a mere lay figure. Much laughter followed in the wake of Mr. Sam Poole, who made his first appear ance here as Gustavus Jones, a lovelorn tailor, who is a kind of prose music-hall dandy, poses in the most ridiculous attitudes, and says the most ridiculous things. Mr. Poole should prove a useful member of the company, at present destitute of a low comedian. Mr. Jerdan once more gave us a highly polished but utterly un scrupulous scoundrel, suggestive of a Spanish buccaneer gone to sea and ready to levy blackmail on any person, wise or simple, who comes within reach. Mr. Douglas is fast winning honours in that University presided over by our old friend Mr. William Sykes. His Bill the Slogger may be taken as a superior sample of desperate villany, and we quite agree with the 'only' Jones that Bill the Slogger's brutish countenance bore a strong likeness to that of a bull-pup. It would be sheer cruelty now to cast Mr. Douglas as a virtuous personage. He has wallowed too often in gore for such an attempt. Mr. Carey played an impossible father, and Mr. Flemming an impossible naval officer. In the bill they appeared as JMartin Wheatstone and Captain Frank Selby, R.N. On the stage they appeared amply as Messrs. W. G. Carey and Herbert Flemming. Messrs. Hasker, Mowry, and Daley also assisted. We were pleased to find from the programme that Mr. F. Grantleigh has accepted the position of 'prompter.' We have not the slightest idea what a 'prompter' may be, but suppose that the interests of the drama will somehow benefit by the appointment. 'The Green Lanes of England?' is to bt repeated until further notice, and'.is certain to prove attractive. 