AN INTELLECTUAL SULTAN. [We perceive that it is now generally recognized that the present ruler of Turkey is a man ' essentially differing from the ordinarily' accepted type _of Oriental 'sovereigns. He may be as' incapable of generosity or sacrifice as any of the^most' selfishly voluptuous of his predecessors— may have all their sensuality, ? their avarice, and their crueltv : but he possesses what few of them in later .times have ever had — a strong will, a clear head, and a familiar itywith political affairs which render his management by any European power or combination of them an extremely impracticable undertaking. 'Whatever he does or proposes to do it may now be deemed certain is the result of his own carefully considered determination. The times have altogether passed away that witnessed the ruler of Turkey a lay figure for skilful diplomacy — the passive instrument of Eoreign Office strategists — and his existence a symbol of the domi nation of a revolting profligacy. Person ally the Sultan is now credited with as clear an insight into the situation both as it immediately affects the stability of his own throne and the peace of the world as any one of the representatives of the Great Powers assembled at the Conference at Constantinople. The ' horribly com plex' character of the situation (the words are not ours but those of a great English newspaper) may be inferred from a single fact. Nothing has so pro voked to the last degree of human endurance the not very angelic spirit of patience and resignation of British Podsnappery as the hesitation of the Sultan in ..proclaiming , Arabi. Pasha a rebel. And yet it/ is now iaffirmed that the hasty and injudicious acceptance of this advice (advice which many peace loving Briton s ardently ? ^^ and; religiously hbp[ed,-v^ould be^giv[en[.in;[thfe,^f orm of broad sides at Constantinople) might have been immediately fatal to the rule jf.the Sultan himself, and would in all probability have led to the proclamation of ajeJiad which, in: the language of the Spectator, would 'wrap the Eastern world in -flames. '.[ , The hesitation of the Sultan was .manifestly an act of the most 'cautious diplomacy, and our loud and persistent appeal on behalf of the exercise of his sovereign authority a blunder in entire harmony with our policy from the beginning— a policy which Lord . Salisbury has affirmed ' demonstrates to the world nothing but the impotence of Great Britain and the feebleness of her ministers.' The report of the attompted assassination of his Grace the Archbishop of Melbourne, Dr. G-oold, is'calculated to arouse more than a passing interest, more particularly in the minds of Catholic readers. That venerable prelate is one of the few remaining members of the early Australian hierarchy, and is one of the last types of a class of ecclesiastic that seems lo be, in this1 colony at least, now rapidly passing away. It is reassuring, however, to find that the act in question was the freak of ah irresponsible victim of homicidal mania— the act of a member of a family which haB been Somewhat prolific in its victims of deep-rooted and dangerous mental disease. The attempt in the present instance has no more significance than it has had in previous ; cases. A brother of the chief actor in the present ?affair is- now in the Sing Sing penitentiary on a. charge of having shot at a priest. And it is only, too notorious that an ebullition of a similar phapcv of lunacy nearly cost the life of the Duke of Edinburgh when on his visit to these shores. On; that occasion the unhappy monomaniac paid the penalty of his insanity as the victim of a judicial murder. The cacoeihes of loyalty at that time: raged higher even than the erratic impulses of the would-be assassin and his madness was atoned for by the interested, and, we- are afraid, some what methodical madness of those who put in force a remedy for insanity which we have sinoe seen meet with Press advocacy in this city, — they hanged the madman for his mad act. But the evil did not end there. A prolific crop of party feeling, factional bigotry, Orange Lodges, and Kiama Ghosts sprang from this not inappropriate germ, and the results have afflicted the colony ever Bince. Therefore we do not hesitate to say that we hope the act of the would-be assassin in Melbourne will not be without even ifca good effect, if it serve to show the small ground there was in a previous instance to charge a largo aec tion of the people with the irresponsible iniquity of one man. This dangerous phase of insanity seems to be a special faculty of this unfortunate O'Farrell family. Its members appear to be per fectly indifferent as to whom they remove. A pillar of the Church or of the State is immaterial to them. And the fact itself is sufficient evidence that their deeds are wild and irresponsible ones, and that they themselves are fitter objects for a lunatic asylum than for the gallows. We are not surprised to, find by telegraphic news that the sentence passed by Mr. Judge Lawson on the proprietor of the Dublin Freeman's Journal, Mr. Edmund Dwyer Gray, has not been received without an expression of feeling on the part of the people of Dublin. Thia sentence — a fine of £500, with securities for £9000 to keep the peace for six months — ia ao monstrous as it is unmerited. The Freeman's Journal ha3 always been pronouncedly moderate in its expressions of national opinion, and that journal never was the recognized ovgan of that extreme party which ita enemies denounce as a lawless clique. Mr. Gray himself lately occupied with acceptance and approval the high post of Lord Mayor o£ the Irish metropolis, and while in that position earned for himself a world- wide reputation for humane patriotism, not by his part in the political agitation just referred to, but by his exertions and munificence to a starving people during tho recent Iriah famine. So that the judicial sentence in the present instance is a blind act of terrorism, apparently launched with neither judgment nor reason against one whose antecedent:) arc eminently such as to display the merits of Irish judi cial policy in their true light. The charge against Mr. Gray was one of libelling jurymon. But it may fairly be doubted if any charge his paper could have made could have equalled that which the action of Judge Lawson furnishes in this instance — not against the jury, however, but against the judicial tribunals of the country. We learn by telegram that the pacific speech of the Mayor of Dublin was received with execra tions. We refuse to wonder at it Bince the people have the. present. Bhooking example, of the fruits of their 'former Mayor's loyalty before their eyes. The : Licensing Bench, arid parfcicnla'rly ifca Chairman, must have suffered a rude awakening on Saturday last from a dream of unquestioned irresponsible despotism. They had been working the Licensing Law from the firat ao an engine o£ persecution againBt the publieanc. Some time ago we brought a number of their docioxono which were not only transparently un juot3 but in the teeth of the letter of the law, under the notice of our readers. Of five appeals lodged in theoo canes four were upheld before Judge 33'orbos laot week, and the decisions of course reverood. Ono of the victims of the bad law of the Licencing Bench was Mr. David Thompson, of Chowder Say. Ib ?will bo romombeved that he v/ac subjected to heavy fineo because a pavilion on part of his groundn, unconnected with hio promised, which, were under leaso fco anothoi' pornon, hv.d. boon used as a dancing aalooa bj a picnic party. His Honour in quashing the conviction natirieally observed that the liconoe of Thompson' o Hotel. did not extend over hit; 56 acre block. A Bocond case was that of: Mr. X'hornao Seating, o£ Botany Road. It will be remembered that in fchis caao the Licensing Bench upheld the mero DU3piciono of the police against the positive evidence of a number of disinterested and most reopectable witnesses. On appeal hio Honour naid — ' There was no evidence of either payment or delivery. The only evidence which might be given would be that of the man who had obtained tho liquor — and he had sworn that ho did not get ifr there — or of some one who might see the liquor supplied. . The evidence on oath contradicted the surmise that the liquor had just been delivered. The establishing of the mere fact of a man com ing out of a public-house -with rum in hia posses sion was not sufficient to provo that it had just been delivered.' We trust the Licensing Magistrateo will endea vour to realize that in future they must not alto« gether dispense with the rules of evidence. And that under the law they administer it is nob ab solutely penal to bo a publican. 