ft. MODEJfcjeASPHEB, ??;;? Bt David Christie Murray. ' CHA£TEB*3I\ft. - Tii the year 1879, at the TStuSpodt Ball;' of ffiiespis, Mr. Pelham Vane appeared in a round bf Shakeperlan characters, anS attracted some jnfctention among the. local playgoers. There ?were Mudpoolians who had been to London, and there were some of .these who had seen the great ateters of the present and theyast. AttheMud .m pool Hotel these gentlemen discussed the styleof I Mr. Pelham Vans, andhad various opinions as to iha fibhool to which that tragedian belonged. iHesemraded ono or two of Macready — it was jgenerally conceded that bis manner vras 'mellower' [than that of Mr* Phelps — and .remindecL/-fchers- til ih& great Montgomery Basset*. ? ?. i&e;* Pelham Vanewhen seen off ^eboardsiwas. ifeidWy and eeedy. He was attired in black 'TbroSocloth, greasy at the shoulders and '?white at the Beams, and his linen was. jcoTftinonly dingy' enough* to- justify its owner's jdesire to ehroud it in obscurity. His lips1 looked bibulous, and his nose was of a.^puiplish jrettwHlrtniscliJaeks and chin were of a dirty iplum colour with ' many years of close shaving. 'iMh had a. very deep bass voice, and a. pompous rjn5itner» and he talked ft great deal about the jfcetter days he had seen. It was evident that he . . -j»B8 a person of some education, and when he had je.Jittl6 too much to.drini;, he would brag of the .great acquaintasoea he had owned unon aAime, jend the triumphs he had achieved upon the lionuon boards. There were people in Mudpool, . : »s thetd had been elsewhere, who had faith in fthesfeiegends, and there were people who had jfcofc. JRarly feeling ran more than commonly high Ion the. Saturday night which saw Mr. Pelham-' nTaae'a last performance of ?' Macbeth ' in the fcown of MudpooL Things had been so prosperous {during the past fortnight that not merely did the theatrical ghost walk on that particular evening, jbut the manager (who was honest according to jaiis lights and means) paid up some portion of old iarreaw. '? Mr. Pelham Vane walked ponderously into the '.bar parlor at a quarter to II o'clock, buttoned to 4ihe chin, and wearing e- hat of suspicious gloss. ' 'Good evening, gentlemen/ said Mr. Vane. .*The company murmured a respectful answer, the face's of the guests wore a vacant air, and their eyes looked anywhere rather than at Mr. Vane. ;That gentleman's arrival had put a sudden finish, to an animated discussion upon his artistic style, Ms personal bearing and his antecedents, and if or the moment the Mudpoolians, who were not a ijrapid people, had no other topic ready. 1 -Biper,the miller, a sober man enough as a rule, [had somewhat exceeded in his potations, and in 'those circumstances was apt to play the hard -headed fellow, not to be pufc down by clamour, ,and determined to express his own convictions. {'Pi* compeers had been content to let him talk ?noisily in a corner until now, and Eiper, observing ithe lnllTbut being too far gone to take cognizance -of its cause, addressed the conclave. ' Now you'll listen to reason/ said the miller, fwith a corkscrew motion of the thumb. * Bashet ? JHe's no more like 'Gomery Bashet than! am— no biore like than chalk's like cheese.' Mr. Pelham Vane turned and surveyed the {Speaker with a startled look, and it was plain to [everybody except the drunken miller that the Bctor recognised himself as the subject of dis course. ' 'Gomery Basnet/pursued Mr. Eiper, Tejoicing in the silence. , 'He'd have scorned to have come aneac a place like this/ said the miller! *He could -ha' Step' his carriages and his horses if he'd ha' aninded to/ 'He had a eonl above ostentation,. ^aid^Mr. Pelham Vane. ' He'd-got a eoul above you,' said the drunken miller. c Ton a friend o' 'Gomery Bashefs ? 'Why, he wouldn'ifha' looked at you/_ The player made a step forward, with Mb right hand clawing atthe breast of his tightAratfconed, thread-bare coat. * Thjs is the first occasion/ he said in bis slow rolling, noble tones, 'on which I have heard ipoverty and misfortune insulted in the presence ?of .an assemblage of English gentlemen*' ? 'Biper/ said Mr. Bonner, the linen draper, cif fcroti Jon't know how to behaveityoaraelf,; there's them'.as does/ ? ? : Gall the saddler stated audibly that he -blushed ior Eiper. 'And I hope, sir/ said Mr. Gall, (addressing the player, ' that you'll have one with ^ne, eir, if it's only to take the taste out of your anouth/ ' I thank you, eirj' Baid the play-actor. 'Scotch jhot- Mr. Porey, if you please. I have the plea Wure of taking it at this gentleman's expense.' The tost handed, him the mixture, and he bowed round, glass in hand. ' Gentlemen/ he said, 'I hope, as sweet Will has it, that we shall drink down all uiikindness. So far as I am concerned, I can assure that no praise of my dear old friend Bassett can offend me. I knew him, gentlemen, Sn his boyh'oocL %L watched his dawning genius. 1 stood by T''» in the hour of his success ; and to (me alone is entrusted the secret of his retreat. £ was, and am, eo poor as you see mo, his bosom 'friend/ , ... . r 'Look hero. 'Idori't care/ cried the drunken miller, rising and struggling with the friends who endeavoured to keep him down. ' I'm not a jgoing to sit all night long and hear this feller bounce and brag and talk nonsense. Him a frier: J jof Bashet ? I tell you to your face/ he criedi phaking his fist at the- player, 'he wouldn't ha' looked at you, or spoke to you, or anything like frou. . Don't tell me/ ; Mr. Pelham Vane saw that the general feeling of the assemblage was with h;ra and against the ? jniller. He felt that it would cost but little to be (courageous. 'It would ill become a; friend of Montgomery jBassetf s gentlemen/ he said, therefore, ' to (wrangle in his name in the parlour of a public boctefry. * Scotch hot, Mr. Povey, if you please/ v -A hand was laid upon him from behind. i fThankSj dear boy* &b; this gentleman's expense, &. eemmerclai gentleman from Xondon, a young Ibfan of much experience of life, and highly 1 respected in Mudpool for his business and his facial qualities, was seen at this juncture to draw .forth a memorandum book and to scrawl a line npon a blank page. This lie tore out, and having folded it, threw it across to the drunken miller. \- 'Can't make it ouV *aid iJie^cniller. to his Neighbour. 'WaashcsayP* , ' The neighbour, with raised eyebrowsj-gazed at the brief scroll and whistled. Then he whispered behind his hand to ihe miller, and ?the miller laughed scornfully. a . . 'Isay, miBter/ hecrfed, Teaehing-t-ut ia hand towards the playeri'jjerhaps you'll Bay you.are Bashet in a jninute. tfhere'a a cove in the room t» back you/ c The actor glanced. Tound «wiftly, .end *f ^or a tnoment his watery glance rested on tha.joung man from London, but he Baid nothing^. , 'That^aahet?1 cried the miller. ^Qookaat ^Por once in hlfllife-SIr; Eiper *rreate3;a sensa {aon, and every man in the room etared.f rom the kctortohim, and from him to the actor. Mr. Pelham Vane, adding -a little -old water to his grog to reduce its temperature, took it at a gulp £ad pushed the gum towards -J» /landlord. It tras noticed afterwardB how pale die.^rew^wid Vow his haadehookai this juncture, *Thaf* Montgomery Bassettjis'atPwiried^hc kuller jeerineijr, withhi« head craned over the . Wble iiH^e direction^ the comciercial man from ^*T«b, tar/ thaBdcred tli0.,playeff«^roice-^a: , fan Montgomery Bawett, MyBelf ant Naples.. Utin«d by tie Qevice* Ht toy, only child, cast orth ee Vow i*at wrens maj ytef *4ere«agle8 ?red nob pardit I thonghf mympixite wpre * fapeger than iny«hamw, but fj^^nnniBhcd.' k V»voc «itti » Aw»n of lonf tiummri*m- Tw Trom his pocket drew a -something which jingled into the landlord's palm. Then arose the drunken miller and went through the same pantomime, and in a minute or two the room was tslear of everybody but Mr. Montgomery Bassett and his landlord. Mr, Bassett' s shoulders were still heaving convulsively, and his head was still resting on the mantelpiece amid the debris of the long, churchwardens, when the landlord touched him on the arm ; and the actor, slowly gathering himself into an ..erect posture, picked up his hat, and, with one hand covering his eyes, began to grope his way from the room. 'Before you go, sir/, said the landlord, feel ingly ; ' if s an inappropriate moment, sir, but it may be the only one ; and the gentlemen of the town, sir, who have seen your 'performances, sir, desired to present you with a little testi monial, sir. The sums are here as I received ;them, and perhaps if you will buy for yourself, sir, some little remembrance of the place — a pin, or a Ting, or anything of that sort that may please you — you will fulfil the intentions of the subscribers, air.' The landlord had never been so quickwitted in his life before, and the little falsehood might not be charged very heavily in the account against him. Mr. Montgomery Bassett's outstretched hand accepted the money the landlord slipped into it, and a minute later he was gone. Mud ?pool saw liiia no more. a,nd if his landlord found the little bundle of soiled linen a poor payment for a fortnight's rent, why, everybody knew how disturbed the great tragedian had been by his unexpected recognition, and nobody thought very ill of his forgetf ulness. {to be continued.) 