LAW COURTS SUPREME COURT-IN BANCO. THURSDAY, JUNE 22. [Before the Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Bou caut, and Mr. Justice Andrews]. IN THE MATTER OF AN ATTORNEY The Attorney-General moved on behalf of the Law Society for a role calling on a prac-<*> titioner to answer affidavits, or in default to be dealt with as the court might direct. After hearing the curcamatances the court granted a rale nisi as prayed. WOOD V. THI KATIOXAI. MUTCAI. LIFE AJWO CIATIOS OF ACSTRALASIA (LIMITED). Thin was a motion for a rule nisi for a uew trial or for a verdict to be entered for the defendant Mr. W. EL Bondey, Q.C, trtth Mr. J. H. Syatoa, Q.C., for the appellants.; the Attorney-General, with !£*. H. F. Downer, for the respondent. A* action was tried before Mr. Justice Andiews and a jury between Mr. Wood, tie Banter of intestate estates and the National Ktrtnal life Association, in which the rijaintiff claimed the aaoont of a policy ?n . fbe life of one Ernest Neville, who committed suicide at Gawief under ???"?" m>=*? tt^ o£ a somewhat extraordinary character. Two ttfcda of the jury found a verdict for the ?bintiff forthe """"?t claimed, it being held % them that the deceased was insane when be committed suicide, and the present appeal was bronpht on tit? ground i-jaX the verdict 'of *:>c ;\ry -?'as conwarj- to vue < -idenceijt : vh.<.}: it ?a> tiofr coDtccdcJ bo I'r-xrf of the ! decf;-.-Hd; insanity wad produced. Theevi | dsice as to the deceased's state of mind at the five of his death was elaborately gone into by the Attorney-General, and the questions a* to whether a belief in spiritualism was preof of an unhinged mind, and as to whether a person coffering under delusions coold be held to be inesponsibe for his actions were argued at coesidcnble length by the Messrs. Downer and by Mr. Bundey on either side. The anrnments lasted several hours. The Chief Justice ultimately gave judpnv n t 'a* follows;—With respect to the application for a new trial, after bearing the eridenc: md the Court were unanimously oi opinion that there must be a new trial, and the only question then was whether there should be a Btw trial or whether a verdict should bo entered for the defendant. Where a legal eight existed to have the question tt issue tried by a jury and a plaintiff h&d; availed himself of that right and obtained a vet-diet he for one should be most cautious in upsetting that verdict where reasonable evidence had been ?gdaced in support of it, however much he n|ght differ from the opinion arrived at in Ifee court below. If there were' such reason able evidence in th? present case, he would certainly not be one to enter a verdict for the defendant. He referred to the evidence that al been riven, and reviewed its principal tunes, li was hurdly a sign of insanity Oat the deceased had told his friend that certain drawings had been created by him with the assistance of extrinsic or spiritual power. A delusion such as that was hardly indicative of insanity, and the fact that he fancied be bad seen some disembodied spirit about eight years ago in Melbourne was not evidence of insanity. That was all flue evidence given to the jury with respect to the insanity of the deceased, Zt appeared to Maa that the fact of his having taken his ?Vn life was in itself no evidence of insanity. Then as to the belief in spiritualism there were Diany people of undoubted sanity who sha: id the deceased's opinion on that point, and the circumstance of deceased beiag a spiritualist or holding certain views as to spiritualism was not sufficient evidence for a jury to find him insane. As to bis statement that he bad seen a ghost or spirit some years previously in Melbourne, that was not alone sufficient to justifya jury in concluding that he was insane, when these few facts that had been set np in favor of insanity were placed in juxtaposition to the evidence of anily, given by people who knew him inti mately, and when the carefully written cor nspoodence that had been put in were coupled with the circumstances of design uttder which he took his life, it appeared to him that had he been trying the case in the 1 court below he should, had he been appealed . to, bave directed the jury to find a verdict for the defendant on the ground that there was no evidence of insanity, but under similar ; c'ro-umstaDcesas those in the late ease when his learned colleague Mr. Justice Andrews had not been appealed to he should bave done as hie learned colleague did, and simply have , directed the jury that there was not suffloient ; evidence to justify their finding that tiu ' deceased was insane when he committed ! snicidc The case bad already been erhaw j tivtly gone into, and he thought that the ! cmait V2s amply justified in preventing any . farther litigation by at once entering a vcr { Act for the defendant. ? Hr. Justice Boucaut, in concurring with ' the judgment of his colleague, carefully tra ! ?iuied the evidence as to the deceased's iMMiminaiinlM, mnA pninfaad ?mi+. ?Ji? diaHranjfrn ]' nflveen a person suffering from a delusion UM I a person laboring under insanity. In bis PMbiontiiere had never been any upsetting '->llijbis mental balance, and Neville was never frcm judging right from wrpng. .. ' . _. . , Mr. Justice Andrews -also concurred, and pointed out tint in trying the case in the court below he bad put the fact forcibly in his summing op to the jury that there was no evidence ** *? the deceased's insanity, though there was evidence as to his believing in spiritualism. STOTK V. STOCK. Mr. Moore moved that a decree nisi for dissolutionof marriage obtained on November 30, 1881, should be mule absolute Decree granted. OOUIfEUUSAXIt ASOTIfERV. COOPER—BOTTEN' CLAIMANT. This was an appeal from the Local Court, Mount Barker. Air. von Doussa appeared for die execution creditor, and the Attorney- General for the claimant. A special case had been reserved by the Local Court of Mount Barker for the decision of the Supreme Court, pursuant to the provisions of the Local Courts Act, No. 15 of IStiL, see. 5i It was con tended tor the execution creditor that such notice of the claimant was insiffi cient, as it did not state the grounds of claim. For the flaiiim-nt. it was contended tint the notice of claim was sufficient. The court below found for the claimant, subject to the opinion of this court oa the following point—whether the ground of claim as set out was a sufficient compliance with section 146 of the Local Courts Act. After hearing: counsel the Chief Justice said the question must be answered in the affirmative, as the statement that the goods were lent by the claimant to the defendant on hire under agreement was a sufficient statement of the ground of chum. Costs were allowed, aud uxed at £7 7s. The court then adjourned ruitil this morn ing at 10.30. _ 