* D? TONICS. Ir the schoolmaster who has been so long abroad could manage to find his way up to Quipolly, N.S.W. (wherover that is), he will evidently find an ample field for his labours. It must not be surmised from this hasty introduction that there is no Public School in that dlre?ion, quite the contrary. In fact, but for the exise tence of the Public School, there could not have been a Public School Picnic, and if there had not been a picnic, the letter would not have been written by the picnic school committee which has lately caused such great sensation amongst the disciples of LINDLY IURR?Y in general and public school committees in particular. Last Juno four of the Com. mittee wrote to the Minister of Public Instruction, complaining that the Public School Teacher had stuck to the enor mous sum of £L 14s. Gd., loft from the funds of a previous picnic. The Depart ment inquired into the case and were satisfied with the Teacher's explanation that the money bad been paid over to the School Feast Treasurer. Not so the com. mittee, who wrote at once a crushing letter to the Minister, of which the following is a copy: -" Quipolly, O80 July, 1882. Sir,-The undersilgned boegs to acknowledge the receipt of your letter dated 22nd July, and am surprised at your decision. We therefore request that you will be pleased to give this matter a thorough investigation, as we are of opinion that the matter has been mipre presented to you by Mr. Elliott, or some one on his behalf, as we have neither been acquainted with this report or have we been allowed to give evidence in the matter. We therefore think it is a one sided matter. We don't think a teacher should be allowed to deprive his pupils of funds subscribed by the public, and make it appear that the collectdrs is defraud in not spending the money as intended. Had the money been handed to the School Picnic Committee, as demanded by them, the pupils would have had it laid out in prizes for them and distributed at the picnic which took place on the 17th June. If the investigation should be refused, we shall be compelled to aply to the members of the district to have the matter brought before the House when it meets, as we think the teacher's conduct is diserving of the trouble we are taken. I have enclosed subscription list heded by the teacher's own handwriteing, also afuring (sic) to a balance of ,1 14s. Gd., also in his own handwriteing. There are four subscription lists in the hands of the committee, all in the teacher's own hand. writeing, and headed the same. I have also enclosed some of the bills that afours (sic) to the exposure of the picnic, as you will see it has been duly carried out on the above mentioned date. I may also inform you, in the former picnic 3 years ago, there were only two collectors, the names being PIrederios tourden ana Joames Sprigeons. The two above mentioned names demanded £1 14s. 6d. from Mr. Elliott-F. Burden in person, J. Sprigeon by order through John Conlon-when he distinctly refused to give it up, F. Burden telling him at the same time if he didnot give the £1 14s. Gd. up proceedings would be taken against him. for the same. The teacher's reply being, 'You can do your best; you will not get it. JOHN CONSOLN, JAMES TAYLOR, WILLIAM WADDELL. (Signed) F. BURDEN, Acting Secretary. P.S. - Please return the enclosed dociments." There is certainly a great mistake in keeping men like these in a place like Quipolly. How is it they are not " up" for a seat in Parliament ? Compared with such geniuses as these, HANLEY BENNETT would not have a ghost of a show, and the sainted CIIEATER would be nowhere 1 Is there not time to rescue these bright and shining Public. School.picnic-committee- men from the oblivion which must be their inevitable doom if they linger in and around Quipollyl Happy Quipolly, to have such a brilliant writer in thy midst as F. BURDEa, acting-secretary, who desires to I have the "dociments " returned. Is there no billet open in the Lands Offioefor these zealous committee men; no snug corner in the Civil Service where the Quipolly genius might take root, and blossom into the orthodox head of the Department. Let us hope so. There are evidently the makings of great men in these £1 14s 6d jokers, and when they are all seated on the cross benches of the Assembly, they will bless the hour that the alleged defal cation of a Public School teacher over a Public School picnic, caused them to rise to such a pinnacle of fame I 