CHAPTER VI. The house was crammed, and Theodora looked at the packed rows of faces before her, a quiet, steady look over the house, nn to Bessie's place. Bessie always expecwu umi juu&, «uu w ittd for it ; she told the gentlemen eo, and they, too, watched and waited. Dave 8 brother was much like him in appearance, only sunburnt and more strongly built. Mr. Bostiu was there, and Dave sitting beside Bessie; but Theodora's glance ewept over and past them, resting steadily on Hugh's Queensland friend who, at that instant was standing straight and tall behind Bessie. She did not mean to look at him more than at the others; it was usual for her to look there at Bessie, and, knowing the visitors were with her, she naturally looked for them, too ; but, look ing, she saw only one face. A dark, proud face' with long, drooping moustache; eyes large, dark, and haughtily inquisitive met that flash from hers. Byes are not conventional, they wait for no introduction, but flash out recognitions broadcast, and acknowledge kinships with XoiTKTB whose nameB may never be known. So it is said of them. With her usual earnestness ana en thusiaem, Theodora gave her reading. Everything was just tbe same-^Bessie was before her, beaming and smiling; Mr. Rostin, with kind encouragement and fatherly interest, watchedas was his wont ; ail the hundreds of hungry-eyed, expectant faces were as usual, but ehe cared nothing for them. That «ne face that looked down at her over Bessie's fair head stirred her, and she wanted to look up again. Obedient to this unusual prompting, she did so. Once, in a quiet, thrilling pause, when a pulseless eilence waa through and all over the house, she swept an upward glance to the dark face that watched her like the others— still and expectant, but with aroused energy and interest in those proudly-drooped eyes. 7 Daring tbe interval he listened. He knew Mrs. Campion would talk, and that Hugh would ask her questions. 'Yes, her real name ifl Theodora VaiL Theodora is too stiff and heathenish a name for me, so I call her Pansy. Her uncle always called her so- on account of i±e smiiea approFJugyr uuuw **** i^-e moustache as he remembered the velvety eoftoeeB and dark purple colouring which that upward glance showed, and decided that they were the most wonderful eyes that he had ever Been. Pale, save for a faint tinge that excite ment had worked into her cheeks, and standing beside Bessie as ahrinkingly and shyly modest as though no crowd of men and women had just hung breathleBs)&/2B Sntherland met her on the stairs in the glare ot tae gasiignt. Dave Campion introduced them : « My brother, a wild Queensland settler, Pansy, come here for a taste of civilisation, and this is Hugh's friend, Mr. Sutherland, also from Queensland, and on business in Melbourne.'1 , ' ' 'They did not say much to each other —eyes had said enough, and Theodora knew by the indefinable sensation that took possession of her, mind and hodv. that this was the man she was to love. . . Bessie, always amiable and kind, made the visit so agreeable that Hugh and his friend stayed longer than they at first | intended. Maurice Sutherland stayed because he was learning to love tbjs gifted, dark-eyed girl, who could talk with him so earnestly and deeply ; and, as he said to his friend, ' If s a new thing to find a girl that can talk ;' or, if he asked for I music, could play his senses into transport. By her impassioned voice and solemn presence she could hold thousands speli [ bound, yet not a merry joke of Bessie's ever [ feUthwraghfbrwantqfhelpfrom Theodora; [ she ww ever ready' to enter into eyery I amusement however trifling, and lend her 1 smiling aid in entertaining. Her happy I laugh at Hugh's racy bush ?tones was a 1 tmt to Bweie, HogV* were ioco « toiie* 1 Sundrede of them and given with ludicrous -mttations and spice-shakings of oomio&l; ?slang expressions, fie was the pet of the house, and could extend his brawny length on the best eouobes, and bury his sun burned face among Bessie's priz9 cushions — Bven waa at times found with heels on the window- sill, smoking bis long pipe in th irawing-room, where Dave's daintie sigarettes had been forbidden. Mr. BostTt spent many evenings with them ; when hn same he always took possefunonof Theodoras she should pour bis tea out for him, too, The old man liked to see the slender hands, axing the caps, and waiting on him, it reminded him of the.days at Mrs. Bandal* where she learned Ins tea peculiarities. Everything was «o different with Theo dora that she often wondered if she oould really be the same girl of the Gorra days and the anxious eVadent of that advent forerunning the night of woeful failure. She always thought of it when Mr. Bostin flame, bat he would never let her epeak of it. The last night of her appearance came, and for this night Maurice Satherland waited1. Bessie told Theodwa all she could glean from Dave and Hagft of him and his life. In thenrivaoy of her zoom, Theodora, brash ing her long gold-Brown hair, listened to Bessie, who sewed busily as ehe talked, tongue and needle keeping a dead beat. ' nuga am Know* mm lour years-. *«? the time they've been togew« «*;QHeefife ^nd. - Hugh thinks him a fine fellow. He was jntca h3 * cousin at borne : he was to have been married to the girl when he was twenty-one, but she married someone else, and Hugh eaye he has never spoken a dozen timee to any one woman since, and that's fifteen years ago — of course, I mean till now. Pansy. I gueeeed there was something ,like that in his life ; he wouldn't be so clever and oynioal, if he hadn't hated women and taken to studying. Don't get bo red, dear, you needn't care about the cousin, that waB euoh R long time ago.' 'I'm not thinking about the cousin, Bessie, I'm thinking how lonely it wfll be for me, for all of us, when they go away, and that will be to-morrow.' ' Oh, Pansy, you're not thinking of poor Hugh at all, nor of our loneliness, that's all sham, you are thinking only of that dark saturnine-looking king e* jours, isn't it So?' The blashee deepened, and she brushed her hair tbe oth«-r way tb bide them, as she weakly answered, ' Yes.1' ' Pansy, dear, I don't think you quite understand tbe sort of man he is. Your ambiViooB would have to give way altogether to his dreadful pride and he holds such «irange notions and prejudices, why, dear, he is full of faults—' 'Basfiie, don't. He has none to me. The king itax do no wrong 1' as he folded the white woollen wrap round her head and ehouldere ae they stood for the last. time under tbe gaslight of tbe stage stairway, Maurice Sutherland looked down at her sweet young face and dark upraised eyes and felt that he oould pot go withonS telling her. He stooped, his long moustache brushing the bright hair on her forehead, and whispered : ' Tbeadors, oould you leave this for me ?' 41 For vou, Maurice, yes.' ' And, think well, darling, would you ever regret it?' The glowing face in its fleecy cowl was laid softly against hiB coat-Bleeve. ' No, because I love you, Maurice.' Nestled in her lover's arms and listening to his low voice apd avowals of love the felt all her restless longings and eager ambitions vanish into ambient a-r, and the words ehe had read came before her mind in the midst of her happy thoughts, forcing themselves, as it were, on her recognition. 'Listen, Maurice, I read these words weeks ago and wondered it they oould be true, now I know they are, ' While fame stands by us all alone she is an angel clad in light and strength, bnt when loye touches her ehe drops her sword and fades away ghost-like and ashamed.' ' 