ULSTER FOLK-LORE. Tn o ebtERn, ETY AND TIH EVIL EYE r Tim collector of folk- lore in Ulster finds maey nuperattlono broueht from Scotlanrd by the settlers, an well as tegends end fancies Speculir to the Irish population. The latter Sonelet princlpnlly of fairy tales and ghost r storie,, many of them very poetical and n graceful; and the former chiefly of enpers.i Stlonn regarding good and had luck, and tales of witchcraft, which are more weird than Spoeticalf. Bit os the two races have mingled in the Scourse of threo centurles, so their folk-lore ieh ls lt something of its distinct oharaeter ietles, though proeerving thim in the main. Tihus the Preabyterian will sometimes tell of tile adventure with the fairies, and the Roman Oatholie will assunre you that the I, butter has been spirited out of his churn by \- a " witch-wife." l iost old and middle-aged people of the cottler class In Ulster have strong ideas on a 'the suhj.ct of luck. To enter a house whre a churning Is In progress without washing your hbnds, taking the chur.astaff in them, and "giving the churn a brash," is thought the soame of ignorance; and on leaving the house it is de rilgueur that you should say, 0 "God bless your churn, an' gle you the If good of your milk on' butter." It a neigh bour comes into borrow a coal or turf, and a neglects this formula, he lays himself open to the worst eusploious, and the people of \- the house will be sure to throw a pinch of salt into the churn as eoon as his bak is turned. To receive alms without blessing both giver and gift is considered very wrong. ..The present writer nas in her kitchen lately when a beggar was helped by the servants, and shet o s surprioed to see the I. cook run after the woman and bring her back. The cook explained the proceeding r thus. "She took wo'er meal an' pratios. t m~a'am, an' she didna bid God bless wo'or . house an' place. She'lljustblessthoe house an' place before I let her go." \- A certain old pedlar, a kind of Elie Ochiltree, welcomed alike in cabin and t. farmhouse for his story-telling powers, was c1 g'ven a little jugfuloi sweet milk one day, a- with which he was leaving the house much of pleased. Two children ran to the door as iI he crossed the room, and startled him so it that he let the jug fall. RHi joy was F. turned into lamentation, and he angrily complained that the children had " blinked" n his milk. He thinks it lucky to meet a h horse and oart when he is settlg out upon I a journey, and will wait, leaning his paok ! agaiast a ditch, for an hour until one appears in sight. He earns all the tobacco he smokes by curing elf-shot animals, and his skill is a widely blloeved in. 0 The Down eand Antrim peesants on their way to fair or market will turn back if they meet a red-haired woman. The people of I Tyrone and Armagh think it quite asn un luckI y if the first person they enooutoer I, should happen to be a barelooted woman. Others are uneosy it anybody runs across their path, or takes a shabort cullt ; and others again are miserable it a neighbour should Smako any remark about the animal they have " purchased, withibout praising and wishing she owner lnck of it.' Old people say that the proper thing to do a on meeting a fine horse or onw is to lay your s hand upon it, saying, "Dear, but thou's the t party horse or cow! God gte you luck wi' it " In some oonaties no well-minded persons a will make any remark whatever about' any: I neighbour in his or her presence without adding, "God bless you." This onslom has reference to belief in a greedy eye. There are people by whom it is not good to be . admired. The fate of Bonnie Boole Carlin is still told in Letterkenny with 11 sighs and shakee of the head. Bosie was standing at her father's hearth when a poor farmor from a distant parish oame in to Sbeg a little seed corn to now his land. he wasee given what he asked, but he tll stood at tho door stearing at llosie and muttering, "Doar. but ste's handsome-dear, but rho's handsome 1" but as her parents alter I, wards remembered, without saying, "God bless her.' The sequel to hie asmitraton was mos disastrotlus. Bosie ad been pinump and strong, and rosy liko her name ; she began to pine away from neat moment, lost flesh and colour, and died soon afterrwards. Wea To asked the woman who told this story ,r why the poor farmer's glance had been so fatal. ",He wasona thiat had a greedy eye," Swis the answer. "?There's them that has a greedy eye; an' if'they look -at a nice ,wean, or a handsome girl, or a cow wi' a r, good show of milk, some ill will be oure to I, follow; an' it'll be no fault of theirs for they canna help it. It was the fault of their mothers for half weaning, them an' then giving the breast back to them when eheyoried an' fretted an' kept them free their sleep. There's plenty of mothers I does that, an' the poor child has a. greedy eye ever after. Thero was a farmer, a very respectable man, a neighbour of my own, an' his wife wouldoa lot him eoe his childer till they were six weeks old, his eye n was that unlucky, un' him-that fond of r them he was just doting about them. If the people wad meet him. an' them going to sell a boast, they'd turn back, an feen 1\. a bargain they'd try to strike that day. They wouldna like to see him cross their filds or lock at their crops; but r there was very little said about it, the man was that respooetable." n _ A Kilmacrennn woman tells the follow. Sing story of another of. these unlucky people 1 "The re was a man owned a good farm of land an' lived hot an' full. But it was noticed that things went wrong wi' him, an' he couldna look at a single thing he had without doing it harm, His wife e would ha' made him lie wi' his face to the wall till she riz the childer in the morning an' give them. their breakfast, for if he'd ha' looked 'at them an' them fasting, some. I thing unfortunate would ha' occurred to them. It was the eamn wi' his coos an' horses, till hbe nearly stopped going into his fields. The woman was aseecondcousin of my own, an' she tould me how it was he was cured." " Why, Bell, I did not think a cure was possible." "Thero is cures, miss dear, an' this was how it happened: IHe hired a boy frao the Sheriff'ns Iountain--thoy're very know ledgahble in them back countrioes-aon' the boy heored the way it was wi' the master. He was ploughing soon after ha coma, an' he sent for the master to seo what he had done. The man was na willing to come; but the boy sent again an' flechod him out, an' while he was comning he set up a big atone in the Bold, for he knowed that the first thing the man's eye lit on wad be the thing the harm wad bhe done to. IVeol, as I was sayin', the master come out, an' his eye lit on tbhe stono first, an' it split in two wi' a loud nole. I ha' seen the atone myeel'-split in two panerts. The man was Oured, an' his eye never did any a harm after that." The evil eye is a very much worse thing than the greedy eye, bocause it has been gained by a compot 'with the enemy of mankind. si "There isna as many witches now as there used to be in times gone by," said an h old man the other day. a He possessed a fine cow, and over the vo room that served him for a dairy he had as nailed a large horseshoe to keep witches b and fairies away. Observing the horse- ii shoe, and knoweng very well why it was C there, we took the opportunity of asking if o1 wi:chcratt wao notive in the country just p then. "There was witches an' warlooks in plenty when I was a weeboy," said Davie, hi "bupt therg tes many o' them noew, t Maybe because the scriptures is spread abroad, and theo .pople iana just as ignorant as they used to be. It's allowed the bad main hasna the same power. Wall I tell you what hlppoted, to my grand father'e own kndwledge, at the graveyyrd. wall, near St. Johnston P" " Please do, Davis," and we composed our features to tbhe gravet attention. "There, was an E]lio Connolly that had a bad name in the country, an' it was said she could tak' all shapes she pleased when sho went out marauding an' stealing. Whiles sho'd be a cat or a hare, an' suck the cows in the byres or in the fields. My grandfather wae acquaint wi' her, an often be'd ha' gone into her house for a light for the pipe. H"h e was passing the graveyard-wall one evening, him an' a little dog he had, when a cat leaped down Irao the wall an' attacked his dog. She snarled an'soratched, an' barked, an' yelped; but my grand father seen that his dog was getting the worst of it, so he aimed a stone at the cat, an' she limped off mewing maist pitiful. " It was the next day he was passing Ellie Connolly's, an' he went in as usual for a crack an' a light for the pipe. * Where's your mother 7' says he to the daughter that was spinning in the kitchen. 'She's in the room there,' says she. ' An' why is she in the room P" says he. ' She's lying,' says she, 'it's just sick she is.' ' What's her sickness ' says he. ' I'll not tell you,' says she; it's no business o' yourn.' 'Troth, it is my business,' says he, 'for your mother an' me's very big. I be to ax her what way she is. The daughter tould him he wouldna get seeing her mother, au' she got up an' stood before the room-door..but my grandfather pushed her away, an' went up to the bed where Ellie was lying. 'What is it ails you, Ellie ' saya he. ' Sure you see I'm sick, Davie Doherty.' 'Ay, butwhataile your' says he, for he juped (i.e. susp.ctd) what it was, an' wi' that he pulled down the clothes an' seen that her arm was lying broken. 'What done that on you, Ellies' says he. 'Oh, Davie Doherty, Davie Doherty,' says she, 'weren't you the hardened m.u to hit me wi' ua sone an' break my ar? ' ' Why did you alstuk my dog thou, Ellter' es)s hs. Weal, abse was I ored to give up her bad ways alter that, an' the uoighuouts got milking an' aburning in peace; but there was nae mair plentiness in her house; it was like other poor collier houses in the country." " How did she get the power to turn hersell into a cat 7" we asked. " Some says," replied the old man, rub bing his head and looking reflective, "that witches touch their heads an' the soles of their feet on Midsummer Night's eve, an' gie themselvees p to the Evil One for a year an' a day, sayin' some words o' a charm." " Do you know the words ?" " God forbid, ma'am I But others says they go out on May morning before sounrise, an' trail a sope, made of hair flae the cows tails, over the grass while the dew is on it, singing: 'Came all to me, come all to me, milk an' butter some to me.' 'Deed my grandlsather seen them as it, an' he was a man that wouldna ha' told a lio no more nor the clergy in the pulpit." " I'm sure of it, Davie. It was be who broke Ellie Connolly's arm, wasn't it ?" " Ay, ma'am, iS was., As I was sayin', he saw two sold wives, neighbours that he knowed rightly, trailing a rope along the grase, an' he heered them singing : . ,Come si to me, some sll to me. Milk asn' btter come to me.' "'Would yons steel weer batter from usn' says he, an' wi' that he jumps over the hedge an' enstahes at the rope. He pulled an' they pulled, an' hall o' the rope came away in his hands. The scare was that big on him that he didna stop to see what they'd do next, but home wi' the piece o' rope, an' throwed it down in a corner o' his father's house. The'd one cow near calving, an' it was only a wee drop she was giving, but that morning there was a quare milking. :My grand father was a wee chiel then, but be minded it to his dying-day. He saw his mother fill piggin after piggin, an' pail after pail, till all the vessels in the house was full. She was quarely frightened, an' when he told her about the rope, she throwed it on the fire, for she said sh'e ha' no witches' work in that house." Variations of the same tale meet us in. every county in Ulster. Sometimes the witch is hunted in the form of a hare for a whole winter. A large black hate baffi?d the Derry harriers for an entire season some years ago, and the country people said it was no wonder she escaprd, for she was no real hars-she was old Fanny Oallaghan, and the devil helped her. A white hare lived for many years on the island of Inch, In Donegal. She disappeared in 1858, the year Rase Martin, the "white wife," died. Sometimes the bare Is seen making her way to a cottage, and there the asent is lost. The huntsman of the Tullyanasn harriers is reported to have seen a hare escape from the very jaws of the hounds and make for a hole in the wall of a cabin. Unable to believe his eyes, and trembling with superstitious dread, the man dismounted and went into the house, where he found no living creature of any dlserlption excepting Dan Murphy, the shoemaker, lying on his bed panting, unable to speak from loss of breath, and bleeding from a wound in his leg which looked like the bite of a dog. A county Antrim woman tells the fol lowing story: " Franeis Dillon had three cows on his farm in Cushendall, an' one o' them, the best o' the three, failed in her milk, an' not a drop could be got from her. Says the wee boy that herded the beasts: 'Master,' says he, 'I see a white cat sucking Moitley in the field.' Francis loaded his gun wi' siller, an' watched for the cat next evening. Sure enough there she came, an' he fired an wounded her, but she was fit to make offi Francis was a man that had a great skill in setting bones, an' he was sent for by the neigh bours as regular as the doctor. That night thero'oamo an express for him to go to Rose Mullan that had got her log broke. (RoIe was allowed to be a witch-wifo free Cushbedallto the Glant's Causeway.) When Franels heered that her leg was broke, of course he knowed what to think. Says he, " It was me did you the iojury, an* it's me you get to mend it," says ha, an' nase an' her man hadna a word to say." " A poor traveller looking for her bit"-i.e. a beggar-woman-tells the followlng story. Tae narrator wasn oance a servant In a lodulag-house at Bundoran, a fashionable aterlong-place, tiled with bathers in summer;-, td Biddy Gallagher, her cousine, wan houseemaid in tbhe hotel next door. When the bmthing season was over, Biddy remained alone in the hotel to take charge of the premises. Her wages wore good, but she disliked the lonelines of her lite, eapelally at night, when the wind blew off the oceans and rattled every window. She dusted and cleased, and lit fires in the ampty rooms durens the day, and before rsetiring each night she swept upthe kitchen, 4 made a bright ire, and llef everything comforatble three. One nigh', before she put out her candle, abshe heard the hall~door open, and, full of terror, jumped out of bed and ran to the head ol the staers to t aten. There were many footstops in the bhall, and many I veoices were talkicg. The voices were all rsying. Good-bye, Mims OGallaghe I Good. bye, hiss Gallagher, and thank you kindly or your fire I WVu're away to the county Cavan v but you'll find an oat.cake, made ' of the best grain of Tyrone, on .our parlour- table. Eat that to your tea, an' Terribly frightened, Dilddy ran bark to her room, and there was her sister Kitty, that wen lost one tllowo'en, lying in her ibed. Biddyl Biddy!" cried Kitty, start ing up, ,dinna taste-their cake, or they'll I have you away wi' them, as they took 1 me." She disappeared asn she spoke. SBiddy utterly rofupod to remain any longer alone, and her cousin, who tells the story, came to keep her company. 1 The gentle race, now banished from the green banks of the Foyle, haunted that 1 fertile valley some sixty years ago. I It was in 1820 that the Il Elhinney t family went to live on a little farm between Porthall and Strabane, in sight of the a river. Joe MElhinney was a mischievons f lad of seventeen, and he soon became 1 intimate with lads who were as fond of tormenting as himself. There was a stretch of gravel for a short way along the 1 Foyleo, two or three fields below his house, and there the young girls of the country used to bathe. When Joe and the other lade found this out, they made a practice of hiding the girls' clothes, till at last two girls were always obliged to remain sentinels while the others bathed. But one summer day the lads found no sentinels. They peeped over the hedge, I and saw all the girleiu the water. MIaggie Laves., with her floating yellow hair, o Jenny M'Bride, Ellen Morrison, 'towering a head above the rest, and beside her little Annie Kearney, with her sparkling eyes and rosy eheeks. "Ay, there they are, and there's your t Kate," said Joe to one of his companion's. The girls looked up and laughed then, Staking hand,, they danced about. in the I water, and at lhast did what no mortal girls a conid do-swam aeross the Foyle and were seen dancing on the Tyrone shore. Very much alarmed, the lads hurried to the Sdifsferent cottages in the nelghbohrhood. e The girls were all at their ipinnlng-wheel.- Maggie, the yellow-haired, little Annie Kearney, Jenny M'Bride, and Ellen Mor.l t " It put us from playing a trick on anyone o for many a day," stld Joe M'Elhtiney looking acrese the Foyle with dim wistfuln e 0a at the smiling cornfields at fair Tysone. SWe felt wistful, too, and would gladly have e repeopied the gentle hills and broad riven with the elfin race. y " Can you tell any other story about the Foyle, Joe P?" " Do you know the Castle of Montgavlin, ma'am ? I'll tell your ladyship what my mother seen there, for it was not in my r time. When my mother was a wee girl, there was a mermaid lived in the river, I an' on summer evenings she'd ha' sat singing on a flat etano nsarthe edge of the water," t 'What was she like, Joe P" S"1 don't mind to have beered. I think e' ehe was handsome, but her hair was r green." Did she comb her hair P ale kbmmt es mil goldenem Kame, Uad sian.I in Lied dlebei. DsI bat lne wundersame - S Oeswalt'es Melodls. S " Eb, ma'am s what were you sayin' " a "I was speaking about a German mer maid, Joe. I never thought there had. \- been a mermaid in the Foyle." ' n "'Deed was there. The boatmen 'goin' u' up an' down in their lighters between e Derry and Strabane wad ha' seen her often. They calledher Sheelah, an' there's oa deep pool near Montpavlin that they still call ' Sheelah's Pool. "There was a Rhoda Gildea lived at the Sdoor wi' my mother, an' a harsh, ill-natured e body she was, She went to draw water one evening, an' just out o' mischief she overturned Sheelah's stone. She thought the orathur didna asee her, but next, day, a when she came home from an errand to a the shop, she found Sheelah in her kitchen, d putting her child on the fire. Rhoda let a cry out of her, an' ran to take the child off the fire, an' Sheelah went out at the door - a an' down to the river, singing: S r when I think o my mseo. a An' yoa thinklo on yor wesan, We may wel sak sd look - . SDut Presns we i e'en be ans." . -AlA The Year ReBound., . -, , 