CHAPIER XXXVI. §N c E more Wentworth Abbej' is alive with the tread of many feet and the clamour o£ many voices. Its present owner, Sir Phillip Went worth, has arrived, summoned thither in hot. haste by a telegram from the steward, Darknoll. A similar summons has brought Mr. and Mrs, Rock wood down, together with the now well-to-do Dr. Malyon. Servants follow in their train, and the heart of the almost dead house be gins to pulsate with a feverish life. Over all there hangs not only the shadow of a feav, but an absolute panic. Gertrude Wentworth has again dis appeared from Windlestraw—this time it is feared assisted by a nurss of the establishment, one Jane Murdoch. Both it was supposed were some where in London. When the news reached him even the cynical Dr. Malyon was much dis turbed. He was only half a cynic— now however having something to lose —a matter which makes all the diflcr cuce. KocVivood was furious; even his wife, strong-norved as she was, kept out of his way as he raved about the house. He felt that unless a re-cap ture could be managed at once that a storm was brewing — a storm that might sweep than all before it. Diana stayed near Sir Phillip, try ing to tame her wild heart to his by no means a loving hand. As for the Baronet himself, he was inad with ter ror; and but for his mother on the one side aud the steward on the other would have collapsed then and there. A pleasant fauiilj' party, truly, and a most harmonious one! But there is still another disappear ance to chronicle. Mrs. Bleek, the gray shadow that had haunted the old abbey for so many years, was gone! \- Yes; one early morning she had flit ted away, leaving no tiace but what was afforded by the Dripsey Bridge station-master, who, an old inhabitantj of Dripsey, had been as much aston ished at the sight of the house-keeper as though a bona-fide ghost had pre sented itself at his wicket and demand- \ ed a ticket for Hades. ! A young man who had come down from London the previous night ac companied her; and though he took tickets for an intermediate station, the station-master, from what he accident ally caught from the old lady, was sure both were bound for the great metropolis. Mrs. Bleek in London!—on what possible errand ? How Benjamin Darknoll cursed the sharp eyes and cars of the lad who, sceptical of ghosts, had been present on that terrible night, when the poor j travel-stained, rain-drenched figure had passed them at the gate and j glided into the house to huddle and crouch over the fire,murmuring strange words the while! And he Everard Corbett's clerk too J I " Fool! mad fool that I was!" and the old man beat his hands together with an impotent passion—" to have allowei such a dog to have placed a foot beneath this roof!" " Come, come," said the doctor, as a council of war had been called, he opened the proceedings by brewing for himself a stiff tumbler of punch. " The danger is not so great. Suppose an accusation—where are the proofs? Two mad people and a lawyer's clerk, anx ious to get up a case, voila ioui." "They dare not accuse till there has been an inquiry," said Rock wood : then, with his unpleasant, jeering laugh," 110 evidence to be found in the vaults, ch, Daddy ? " The steward, who was strangely preoccupied, looked quietly up. " JNTf>, no; dust and ashes'—dust and ashes !—no fear of discovery there." " And the other coffin ?" asked Di ana Rockwood, in her sharp, abrupt way; " will that bear examination ? " " Yes." " Then what have we to (ear ?" said the doctor gaily, concoctiug another jorum of punch. *' Everything," replied Rockwood, " if the two women—nurse and patient —have found out Everard Corbett, as it is a hundred to one they will do. He's the sharpest of the sharp—one of the most rising men at the bar—will be attorney-general one day. Your drugs may be powerful, doctor, and they have proved themselves so; but do you think a lover's eyes will fail to recognise the object of his adoration ? " " Not after five 3'ears," put in Diana, dryly. " Then, for further evidence," the lawyer went on, without recognising the interruption, " Tom Brompton's a sharp fellow, cut his eye-teeth against hard crusts, and they've grown won derfully. The old woman, his grand mother, is dazed, walks about with her head in fog ; but that scai'colj' amounts to madness—eh, doctor ? The fog may clcar. Why, let mc sec, wasn't it old Parr who gave evidence upon some trial when he was some hundred and thirty years old or thereabouts ?" "Don't talk nonsense!" said MhI yon, " The first thing for us to do is to get the girl back into our custody." His face darkened with a very evil ex pression as he added, " you may leave mo to do the rest." Then there followed a silence of some minutes. Each had the same thougt, and each was pursuing it in his or her own Way. Very stem and hard were the faces of the three men ; no less stern the face of the woman. The weak crea ture for whom so much had been done, alone sat trembling in his chair. "I'm not up to poverty,' he had whimpered out a short timo previ ously to his mother. "Its a razor backed horse that I couldn't cross no how. A gentleman is always a gen tleman, and my worst enemies can't say but what I've done the slap-up thing, and made the money spin as a gentleman should do. It 1 break now, I'm done for ever." And they—Diana Rockwood and old Daddy Darknoll—comfoitcd him as best they could, and in the depth of ■ their Jove made every allowance for ' this creature whose blood was theirs. " From whom did you first-learn of ■ this second flight ? " asked Rockwood ' of the steward. i " From Mrs. Prudence. It seems, on its first discovery, the doctor and his wife had departed in hot haste to Lon don, having, they thought, some duo to the fugitives." " I still maintain," said Mnlyon, " that there is no ground for all this fear, and that to give way to anything in the shape of panic"—here he glanced at Sir Phillip—" would be to invite suspicion and bring ruin upon all." " There was a time when we might have placed matters so that we should have been beyond all fear. Had th»t coffin-lid never been removed, then only one would have suffered, as it was but right she should suffer, for the benefit of all." A woman. Diana Hock wood, spoke these words ; but there was no mis taking their terrible significance. There was a fierce contempt in her tone as she glanced around, looking with angry, scornful eyes into the troubled faces of her companions in crime. " Had you been guided by me, there would have been uo such danger as menaces us now. If that girl should recover her reason " " Which would be little short of a , miracle," said the doctor. " Miracles have been worked before now," retorted Diana. " Jf, I pay she recovers her reason, in what position shall we then stand ? She must be retaken at all hazards — at every hazard." ■All were agreed upon this point. Malyon and Rockwood were prepared to start for London at once. " I." continued, " will myself go to Windlestraw, and learn from Mrs. Prudence's own lips all that has oc curred. Ah ! " .she added with a sigh, " we acted like fools from the first, en trusting so many!" " I have told you that I can an swer for the man Bradley," said her husband, as he sat giooinily trimmin^ his finger-nails. " And I can do the same by Mrs. Prudence Catt," put in Malyon. " A woman of eccentric notions and habits, but her word, once pledged," perfectly reliable." " We've more to dread from Ihe weakness of the principals than the treachery of the subordinates ;" and the lawyer, with the s&mc; gloom upon his face, glanced at Sir Phillip, who was, in his restless, shiftless way, pac ing the room. " If you mean me by any of your confounded sneers, Rockwood," he burst out savagely, " why haven't you the pluck to say so outright ?" " I do mean you "—ami the lawyer rose to his feet. " But for your pro fligacy and folly' but for your coward ice and " "Come, come!" And the old steward hurriedly interposed. " For every one's sake, let there be no quarrelling. Phillip means well—he always meant well." ' I'll not be bullied by any one,'said the baronet, blustering ;* especially un der my own roof.' 'Your roof!' laughed the lawyer. ' Why, but for money when your father turned you adrift, your roof would have been that of the parish workhouse, A dog- kennel, as regards property of your own, was then be yond your reach !' ' It's a lie ! You first lured me into every sort of extravagence, and then, when a follow is hard up and desper ate, furnished the means for more cx travagence, but at what price you know ! But for you, things might have -'one better with me—must have gone better—for, by Jove ! they look biid enough now.' 'You ungrateful, ill-conditioned cur!' cried Rockwood, making a step to wards the baronet, but pausing us Malyon laid a hand upon his arm. ' The terms were all too easy. To buy a bracelet for some painted creature who laughed at you and despised you as you clasped it on—to paj1- soine debt of' honour' to a billiard-sharping lord, who patronised while ho swindled you —you would come grovelling to my feet; nay, to gain an extra few hun dreds, would iiave fallen on your knees and licked my hoots had I permitted it. You a gentleman! Ph"au<jh !' White with rage. Sir Phillip, but forDarknoll and his mother, would have mudo a rush oh the lawyer, who, laughing ir. his jangling, odd way, snapped his fingers with contempt un speakable. 'Matthew,'—this from his wife,— 'are you mad ?1 ' Keep your temper, Rockwood,' said Malyon, Iub hand Btill firmly grasping the lawyer's arm. ' No good got by falling out.' ' No; but much harm may come of it,' said Darknoll, who, at the very gestuie of menace on the part of Rock wood, had thrown his deformed figure in front of Phillip, and now, his black, head-like eyes flashing bate, stood f-cowjir.g at the lawyer. To be Continued, 