THE Grattan Centenary Committee have spoken on the addre*s recently Kent borne from this Colony. At a meeting held in St. Patrick's hall on this evening week, the following resolution was carried:—'" Thai this committee disclaims having had any intention -of uttering sentiments disloyal or even disrespectful to JEler Majesty the Queen of Great Britain and Ire-, land,in {headdress to the Irish people forwarded to the Lord Mayor of Dublin, and contends that that document, fairly interpreted, admits of no such construction being placed on it.' Snch language from the responsible body must finally give the death-blow to any further imputation of disloyalty. We do not see -why aucli a resolution was not earned -and published «ariier, and thus save a great deal of suspicion arising .out of silence.. Silence, it is said, gives consent, find the enemies, d c t A i f l i b t t s - s s d h t not perhaps so much of Jreland, as of a the present Jfinistry, would be, to a 1 h certain extent answered. A calumny G . must be .slain thg-instant it attempts d to lift its head, for to allow it to e breath, even a moment, is to let the p power of evil reign. The position of Ireland has not come before the world in so new *' light for some long years ; her present condition is unique, and affords,o full and interesting subject for inquiry «ud thought. - could glance at the . tfime of ^rattan, and tell -our readers to accept with caution all they may have beard or learned with reference to the never-to-be- forgotten days of that distinguished patriot.. He in the words of,Tom Moore, .who had "the flash of Ifce gem: and jjti; solidity/', could tell as that for Soman Catholic Ireland there were'no new -benefit* ' privileges. TJie Declarationof Independence is * delusion and » enare for ihose who think that it brought gentle peace jii ito right hand to Catholic Ireland. It *t«rted lby giving new strength and power to the plebeian members of the so-called Pale, cnalilling libera to set at defiance the power d tvrsnnv of their nobler kind. The " • positions in the btfttc. could be dreamed l i ^ t a ic was vain for t jiem +0 expect any employment, or be , . , .', . , . , , anything but menials m their own land lor , s thp of Irishmen" could be applied to them, . „ , . . , , A simple act of conformity-simple to say, but death to accept—would have made everything easy. Grattan a hundred years ago, however, could not be branded with the title of disloyalty. " The King, Lords, and Commons of Ireland," he said, " were fit only to make laws for Ireland." Bid this famous statement contain a germ of disloyalty to the King, oriuipregn his rights 1 Was tin* royal immunity in danger of being violently connived at 1 Grattan, most undoubtedly, had behind him his thousands of volunteers, and England, being busily engaged ;broad, could not afford time to cut down the price. It was the genius of a Washington gave her bu.iness to attend to; America, then as liovr, was the cause of Ireland's Salvation. England was informed, at the point of the bayonet, that Americans could govern themselves without her intervention, and drink their tea, at a reduced rate, as well as Englishmen. Grattan, at the head of the Volunteers, told the King that Irishmen could govern themselves. Was the statement, we repeat, one of disloyalty, or did his legions take the sling from it 1 This is a roost enticing subject at a time when Ireland's position is before the world, and we shall give it future attention. Not alone are individuals put on their trial in the course of affairs; nations, like men, have their youth, their manhood, and their old age, and the past years and the present time are bridged over. We shall in another article, overleap the years, and, starting with. the Grattan in 1782, pass in review ten decades of of years of Irish history. It will have its application. But, to come to the living, what do ire tee 1 We can imagine the shade of Grattan standing in the Lower -Melbourne Chamber during the "inarticulate shrieking" lately indulged in. How his greatness would have made him pity the inflated wind-bags who tried to bring in a verdict of treason against his countrymen in "Victoria* They who with Grattan n=ver swerved from the feaity due to he Throne, wonld hare been looked n with favour by tie Ghost of the ead patriot. Mr. PATTERSON, like A rouching slave, would be most happy o take a back seat, and, 'with the dvocate in on'ehaudand his no-conidence motion in the other, hide his ace behind thebar of the refreshment oom. How lie would liave indulged mental curses, and wished Grattan with the great majority! But he soul of the' Hero would have Trel&nd;'s Accuser among the stings of the Homss. He would leach a lesson " rooie enduring than brass or gilded Temples." With one flash of his greatness, Mr. Patterson would have been converted, as Saul was converted -on hie way to Damascus! The Castleraaine representative returning to his seat after the eparture of Lis ghostly visitor would ave made the amende honorable, and, without calling for a devision, declare o the. Assembly that bigotry, vanity nd vexation of spirit had gone out of im ; ihestorjn, lately let loose over arribaldi's grave, jiwould -have been almost,, aroid the fury of ighty-four joyous voices: Vfe express uo opinion on the Jite'; flash in the pan, for'their can be only one view taken "the case. Thepeoplecf theeolony are satiafied that there is no disloyalty pestling in the breasts of Victorian .Irish Bepresentatives. Men of all countries aud creeds have viewed the mattering, sober light, 'and it matters sot to them, if political char- Utans try to exalt themselves by such tacticstn theeyea of a too-credulous constituency.: We wish all men joy -victory,-and ball's w«ll. 