As., a mail service for all the ports nortt of Eockhampton, and as a freight service, we have always admitted the merits oi: tlie Torres Straits Steam Service. Whether a Government. is jus tified in paying a subsidy of £60,000 a year ]f or eight years to secure a direct steam treignt service once a month be tween this colony and the old country, ib a question on which much may be said ontboth sides, although it is not. our present intention to ? discuss this point. Certainly it is protection of a very pro nounced type, and one by 'which*- im- porters and exporters are. the .chief,, if not; the only, gainers. Merchants. ob- 1 1 tain their merchandise quicker; .cheaper, ?and' with more certainty by such a. ser 'TTinn 4'linn \\\\\r 4-l^A y^lrl nirn^nm ' L.I? »n.U« ~. T.4\\.y pillVIL VJ ' UllD^ \Ji\X aj OW11L U± w^ III 111 vessels, and it is jiist possible. i that con sumers get their goods cheaper also, although^-- as asiinple 'matter oFfaeii/we1 haye|not yet.discoyered.'a siiigle. article, ofrimport, small 'or 'great/wlucli 'is 'any' cheaper, in Brisbane now »;than it. was before this steam.' service was inaiigu-i rated. ? 3MM :j ;.U':O The only, objectionwe^ever raised to the Torres Straits steam service sis 'a'1 freight or mercHa'ni; service', was on the ground that there was not a single port, from jone1 enii of the' colony1 'to the other/ where the steamers ;could.getjalongsido the wharf to discharge and load— and tliat half the time' for which' 'the !c6n I'ractjwas made would be fun' out.bef pro this, would be possible'.. Our contention .was'that for a full half of. the time for wh'ieh the contract was made the British* India; Company's Tsteaniors ' engage'd iu it .would have to:load and 'discharge' ? by.:, lighter at nearly . eyery( , port at which they would call) ' ''thereby losing valuable time ^and involving, a serious additional expenditure,, in addition to mo .... uuiuugoa 10 cargo wnicn sucn a system involved. ' It seemed' like'-'a waste of £60,000 a year on a service which' could only be carried out on such conditions. We still Bee no reason to retract or modify one iota on this sub ject.'! It is just possible that tho direc tor's of tho British-India Company, -or whoever has tho management of this service now, hold opinions on this sub ject not essentially different from our own, if their views could bo thoroughly ascertained and analysed. With tho ainglpj, exception, of Brisbano it scorns now lnoro certain than it did two years ago ?';? that the first four years ot the coritrapt will have passed before the steanieW; can go up to a wharf to dis charge- and take in .-cargo., By. that time' the wharf at Port Alma,. Keppel' .Bay,.inaybocomploted, and the branch; Hue from there to Kockhaniptonmaybo in full workingforder ; but if' so, it will ; be quite as much as can be done in the time. At no place north of Eockhamp ton is there the ghost of a, chance of any such achievement. The works at ' 'Plat-top aro temporarily aban doned, and at Townsville, according to | a statement : made- by.-; the special reporter of the Courierw. connec tion with the Colonial Treasurer's visit to that port on the 29th ultimo) the Government propose to fritter away a' lot of money in providing temporary accommodation for \ vessels of flight draught around the base of the break water,' arid continue the construction of ' the breakwater itself in a much more deliberate manner by comparatively small annual votes extending over a series of years — eight or ten at'least. The' estimate for the completion of the work is £136,000, which it is pro posed to divide as follows : — The ext n*ion of tli« present breakwater a9 originally intended, with.a curve to the west ward at the outer end, £31,C00 ; tho extension of the western breakwater, almost level with thoond of tho other, so as to form a basin, £60 000 ; tho construction of a \yharf and sheds on the western breakwater, neir the mouth of tho cretk aud elosa to the town, £20,000 ; and the dredging of a channel 15 ft. deep. at low water to' this wharf, £25,000. The average width of tho basin will bo about 1,500 ft., .with a length -f 4.000 ft., and it will be so protected by the two breakwaters that it can be dredged to any depth' required so as to form a complete artificial harbour. As soon as the wharf is flnisho: on the present broakwater tho railway will be continued out to it from tho present terminus. The Government intend at once to call for tenders for the work to be carried' tut with the £20.000. available, and if a suitable contract cannot bo entered into they will proceed with the work themselves. ? We believe it is admitted by all, or nearly all, mercantile men of any stand-'1 ing here that Townsville is and' must inevitably be for somp yearsto come, at all events, the most 'important Queens land! port north of Ro.ckhampton, so far asi trade and commerce are concerned. The irate of freights to that .port. con-, trol iand determine to a very consider able degree the rates at all the other' ports down the coast, and therefore it is of primary importance , that all.rpos sible facilities should be provided at Townsville for the discharging and' loading of all vessels trading to the port, which is not possible until the breakwater is completed,' wharves erected, aud the railway extended to them. This breakwater was commenced by the previous Ministry with the full intention of completing it and the rail way ]to it as speedily as money could be obtained for tlie purpose. . Tor some' inscrutable reason, which Mr. Mxcnos sa-' alone understands, and which he has never jret explained nor attempted to explain — this building of the Towns ville: jetty was made a party political question, and because the previous Ministry had initiated it he put a ston to it at once, ? and had the terminus of the railway diverted from- the jetty or breakwater to the town, and Eoss Creek dredged and the rocks at its mouth blasted so as to carry on the trade by sea in a peddling, makeshift manner. After obstinately resisting all demands for the continuation of the work at the jetty for the four years the present Ministry have been in office, it seems ?tliey- have at last been compelled to takejup the work, although now they only propose to 'carry it on in a per functory manner. Surely there is nothing obnoxiously savouring of tlie Opposition in or about1 the Townsville jetty,. , To us it seems . that the. speedy completion'of this work is a. matter of tar more general importance to, the people of Queensland than the con-, utruction of either political or lancU. grant- railways; ' - '?? :' '?'*'?-?''? Because . it isy not alone the vessels, employed in the T6rres'..Straits steain service that are delayed through want of accommodation at the various'ports. The whole coastal trade'- of the colony is seriously hampered and_ retarded from the same. cause. -.The A.S.N. Company havejput on.a class of steamers which require facilities for loading and dis charging alongside that are not as yet in existence anywhere along the coast, except at Brisbano, and scarcely here as yet. ;? The Glanworth, ' Quiraing,' Eane^ lagh.i and Elamang are but the com mencement of the introduction of a class of vessels which are now absolutely necessary for the expanding trade of our northern coast. To meet the further requirements of tins coasting trade the Q. S:S. Company has been formed, and the new and large steamers belonging to this company, will be here shortly.! The inevitable, delays arising \fooin. the load-) ing and. discharging of vessels. like these of 1,000 tons and upwards ?withsuch'ap- pliances as now exist at all'our northern ports) are costly, ,)ind ce^asperatingjin tho extreme. The ' Government are now calling for tender3'.,;foi' arcSas'tal! service, au'dri'nb fpr6visi6ni is made otf in progress .(f or accommodating the vessels,.that alone'would!' be able to 'penorm tne service requirea... it seems, 'propcistcrous to make railways fo our principal ports',' arid make -nb-' ade'qu'aib1 provi^ipn^at .those ports '.'f dr! the trade that ithe 'railways develop. Yet this is whlit has been done, anch at: present therejis no indication of any change of^ system being adopted.'' We ?'' have men ^oned the Townsville jetty as of special 'importance, becauso branch service's 'are now in existence north- and South-, of that liown, which are certain -to expand to verV considerable proportions almost immediately owing to the large area'flf land jon the Herbert , andl,;:Biirde'kin which; is being brought into . cultiya-; tion. j The completing 'of ^wharfage accommodation therefor the '.trade ..re quirements would 'have; the' Effect ' of reducingi pfreights.; along /the . -yvholo Northern coastS' Yet the, most despe rate efforts are to be inade, to get land grantirailways in the interior, and the Iirincipal ports, of tho colony aro to wait until this momentous subject is decided. TnLKaBs.rHiclKTEiunjrT.ioK.— Owing to on interruption on tho telegraph lino betwocn thij nnd Now Sonth Wales, wo aro without any southorn or European telograraa to-day. Tnu OnniSTMAS Houdats —Wo are. in formed that tho public, offices will-be closod on Saturday, Monday, and Tuesday, for ,tho Christmas holidays. '.. . '.?''-. ''- . . -.^ v Thb 8:iAND W. Te»pfio Hanaobb.— Tho resignation of Mr. Thallon of his apppintment 13 1 pffic manager' on the Sonthorn and'-Western RaUway has^teen acpegtorJt. '.» r^. .«.,... ,.-...- ? -iThb.^Satjboatb, 'Bailway. — An amondod time table for tho Sandg'ato Hailway appears in thisissuer' it'wiir bb's'e6n' ;tliat'tlie'much' de- manded early train from ' Sandgate has been granted. 'Tho. question -is : whether : it is : not too oarly. . ' lian .nover is, 'biit always to be blest.'-; .;.' 'v; ';';' .\\\ ';.?? ': ', '. ' . . ' '; Sals op FAiror OooDs.-r-ThePotrioTorraco tale of fancy goods is to bo oponod by Thos. Bi. VVhito,;Ssq., this afternoon, and wo understand that tin building - is, ,Tory ta-tefully decorated ivith overgrcens,' having a beautiful pino-troo as i centre. ' The collection' of plain and fancy work to be di3posed/of,,although not very bulky, is yet of such a character as to mike up a pretty in.d tasteful f display, and it is to be hopod that it will produce a good addition to the building Pund of i ho church, for which tho Siilo has bocn lrranged. : . : ??' ?'? ?'?--? 5 Tue jVIjtsioaj. Union. — The final practice tor tho ' Messiah ' 'took placo ' last' 'night Ihis ? overling this glorious oratorio will bo givon in the ProtostantHall by a largo body of musicians,' and.iio more favourable opportunity »B hearing Handel's masterpiece is likely to occur for some 'titho to conio. Tho chargo of admission has been fixed; at a inodorate rato— lialf- a-crown — and, the attendance consequently is bound .to be large. . . -.i: PnOTOGBAPBING- BT IHB ELEOTEIO LlOIlT. — Wo have received from Mes3rs. Mathewson »nd Co , a rough, copy, of a photograph of the dynamo machine taken in Messrs. -Button rod Co.'s. machine store by the dec. trie light., i Messrs. ^Mathewaon and Co. inform us that the exposure was three minutes with a 'view' lease. A portrait leriso would, of course, have been more rapid.- , There wore no globes over the electric- lamp, no reflectors of any kind! wore used,'.; and tho building was fllled'-with rather dense smoke, so that jthetest was a severe ono. The result is really wonder ful. No one could, tell by lookiDg at it. that the photograph was not taken by sunlight. .A FiBE.-^At abputj.a quarter past 11 o'clock last night a iire broke out, .at, the residence of Mr. J..H.,MatthewS) Sr.ry street,) South- Bris bane, which, -: but,1 for ' its timely 'discovery - might easily have led to the destruction of the house and its contents^. Thejsprvant. was going round the veranda' to 'eioss the iwipdows when: she obsorvoi that Mr. Matthews' bedroom was on fire.-' An alarm was at ?once1 given, and the fire, by meana of tho help 'afforded by noigli: bours, waa.estinguished boforo it had done very - groat damage. A quantity of bedding and woaring apparel was destroyed, but the loss is covered by insurance, we boliovo, in the Now Zealand Office. ' ? .,, ?; The Weathee. — Summer weather may now be said to have fairly set in. The maximum heat in the shade at 9 a.m. 'yesterday, as rcgis-' tered by the thermometer at the Brisbane Observatory, and placed on the board at tho Electric Telegraph' Office, was 86 degrees, but tbis was probably a mistake, to the heat' of the atmosphere this forenoon, which was not near so oppressive as: that of yesterday, sent the thermometer up to, 92. degrees. Tho weather is still unsettled in the western districts, the official telegrams received at 9 a.m. t--day for the previous twenty-four hours showing Hint rain foil at— Toowoomba, 076; Charloville, 0'29 ; Dulby, 0'80 ; Gayndah, O'oOj George town, 005; Gynvpie, 0'21 ; Jimbour, 3'05; Natiango, O%75 ; .Bom'a, 0'10 ; and- Stanthorpe, The Peejiiee amd Wide Bay.— A 'Mary- borough pa j er says : — ' Wo understand that although I lie Premier was unable to make any st»y ib Maryborough during his late visit, he hopes to make a tour of the Wide Bay district during next month. Wo believe he is anxious, in view of securing tho best route for the coming' coast railway,' to which his Cabinet stands partly committed as part of thoir railway policy, to estimate-;. for himself ilie advantages or otherwise of tho rival rout1, s advocated for ;a) railway to'conn'eot the Wide: Bay line with the;-,southorn' .railway f system. Therefore tho Premier propo90s to start on au equestri&Q; jo.urnoy, ,f rom the Brisbane side through Nanango, Barainba Valley, and El kivanjto Maryborough, returning tj Brisbano via Gympie, Moo]oolah,''and' Caboolture.Vi Sir 'lhonias M'llwraith is admitted to possess the tr'ainibg and apumen! of i a) practical, engineer, andliis opinion on.thotwo routes indicated, bdsed'on personal observation, will therefore be looked for with more than usual interest and confidence.' Political Patbojjage nf Victobia.— A number of hon members ..declined to let Mr J. B. Patterson alono on the pitronngo question, saySj the Melbuurne Argus. Mr. Bowmin returned to the chargo in the Assembly on the 14-th instant, and read a copy of a letter from .the post-office stnt to him wbilo tho member for C'astlemaine was Poatmastor-Goneral, asking; him.to appoint a' post-master at ' Mojquito-fiit. Mr. Bowman ,?ays ,ker- wjll'')5rScIuco. a .dpzen btlier such documerits1 -Mr'/Hunt spoke on the same point. He assorted that riot only did ho receive cirouUrs' from' the I hon. .- gentleman, inviting him to nominate to .vacancies in his own district, but Mr. Patterson also placed at his disposal vacancies in tho adjoining electorate, because it was represented by a member sitt-ng in Opposition' to the Berry' Go.yernmenl.. Mr: Hunt jis to move that these circiilurs bo laid ,upon the table. Tho hon. member went on to assail |the hon. membor;for ;Castlemaine-in a personal strain, which was by no moans favourably rec-ived,by the, H^quso. Mr. Patter son, retorted with s-verity'by ari'attick'iipoh the Bomau Catholio Church, ^vhibh' ho described as a 'jscaudalous andjslanderqusjorganisation.' ;The phrase brought up Mr. J. . G. Duffy, who descrilsed it ai offonsive, and ufgued that rw member had a right Ifcnih'sult/ other ihenrbbrs ^through their religion. Thei Speakor was 'against Mr. l'uB^,la'nid-M'r.IPattersonpr6'ceo'd'ed' to a denunciation of the ' Advocate Catholic, Fenian1 party,' vhluh'.He'sayBlii hanging like a thundir-cloud over tho country— / Q'ue1 ijlte Oip'rA'rirT' (See— Wo- '(Times, N'-veniber 3), underetandt..th.at ,rthe, loss of 'Captnn William .Gill, B.S.. is .likely to be :'sBverely felt at the1 War1 Office) .iiitl that it; 'will be no easy matter to .replace tjim' in^the.Intelli-., gene* Department, 'whorb he ha'dfbi'en employed for thi last six yeara,^ and .foivthe duties of which he possessed vory^'s'pecia^'quiilifi'cntions. Owingito the confidential naiuro of, tho work on which he was emplojed ,ii ;is ,nov possible that the great value of tho'inforuiation ho has at various times, and at groat risks, collected can Bvor be known to the public, but it has been fully appreciated by those for whom he worked so zealously. Ono of his most hazard ous journeys. . was. underiaken- last- winter, and the graphio and modest manner in which ho narrated the . many ' dangerous 'adventures 'he tli'en encountered elicited on eovoral occasions the ttronjost oxprojisioni ! of . approval atd ad miration, from his Hoyal Highness the Field Marshal CommancUnx-in-Ohief, from Sir Garnet Wolsoley, and from- Q-eneral Horbort, the Quartermuster-General- Not only will his untimely death be grievously folt by his many personal friends, but tho State has lost in him an experienced, able, and trusted servant, whoso services could ill I e spared at any lime, but the loss of which will i ba particularly fqlt during tho present unsettled state of affairs in the Bast. '? .:? ? ???:. .'-. 