HOUSE OF ASSEMBLY. 'Wednesday, July 19. Tte Speaker took the Chair at 2 o'clock. PKITTTON. Mr. FURNER presented a petition, signed by Philip Santo, on behalf of a meeting held in Ade laide, against the abolition of the administration of oaths in the Courts cf Judicature. INCREASE OF POLICE FORCE. The CHIEF SECRETARY (Hon. J. C. Bray) said, in answer to Mr. Tomkixsos, that the Commis sioner of Police had recommended an increase in the mounted and foot police, and dsked permission to enrol at ence some portion of the additions pro vided for in the Estimates, which authority the Government had gi^en, trusting that the House would agree to it at the proper time. (Hew, hear.) VOLUNTEERS' RAILWAY PASSES. Vt. BAOSTTOt asfced— 'If volunteer cS-arsnre iu-.it.td -Pith, fret p'.s.-c-s on all Una? c: rii^Mj irithin the province: if so, to what extent are' such passes available?' ' The CHIEF SECRETARY (Hot J. C. Bray) replied :— ' All. members of ' the Volunteer Military Force ttwel fre* by railway when in lnifonn.' . : ; . MOTION .FOR.ERINTIN& PAPER. Mr. BRIGHT movtd— ; 'That Petition No. 46, presented on July IS from s xty-three persona^be printed.' ' Carried. ? - - ?...-.? MOTIONS FOR LEAVE OF'aBSENCE. Mr. WARD moved— . .-...-. ' That two weeks'laava of absence he- gifwi to the ion. member fox. the .Buna (Me taoxatmil), on uccount of urgent prisat* affairs. ' Carried. The CHIEF SSSBETARY; (Hon. J. C. Bray) noved — ' That one week's laava ot absence be granted to he hon. member fox East Adelaide (Mr. Johnson), -n account of illness.' \- Carried. : MUrrASYBCAD. Mr. BOWER moied— ' That a reportand estimate be prepared and laid m the table of; this Bouse, stating the cost of com ileting the Military-road -from the Semaphore to ilenelg ; also the oost of a, road direct from Adelaide :o intersect the same in accordance with military rathorities.' - : ? . ; ? ' [f he had known that the Government' were going x- bring in a measure to increase the -military forces ie' would ceriaisly have moved -for a snm to be placed on the Estimates to carry out the workB indi isted hi the motion, instead of simply calling for a letnrn. There was no doubt, that all the military authorities wha bad spoken on the subject were igreed that, to enable a defence force to get where in enemy was. likely to land, good roads were a primary considsration ; and he was quite sure that if an enemy were to hind between Glenelg and the present battery at Glanrille, it was pos sible for him' .to . get .right up to town before u:y means could be adopted to; check his progress, because of the want of such roads as had been re ferred to, so tbat the question was a most important one. Although the iniantry could reach witn com parative-ease the vicinity of where -an enemy was ikely to land, the roads were almost impracticable Eor artillery and cavalry, and to take the latter to the coast by rail in tilie to prevent an enemy landing could 'only be done sometime previous to his appear ing on oar shores. Therefore a. road should be made from Adelaide intercepting the Military-road, runn ing parallel to the beach ; and the matter being u-erely one of expense,, if we were going to any ex pense at all in improving our defences, the work should be done effectually. (Hear, hear.) He under Stood the Government were going to erect a battery to the north of the Semaphore shortly, and the road would hare- to be continued thither no doubt, so that he supposed the Government would have no objection to the motion, but would undertake the works he had indicated. (Bear, hear.) Mr. BUCKNALL supported the motion. Some time since, as Mayor of Hindmarsh, he had in troduced a very important deputation to the Govern ment, and presented a petition to the House, signed by. five District Councils and two Town Councils, in favour of having the Military-road made, and it was then mentioned that not only was it wanted for military purposes, but for the accommodation of the working classes and others who wished to go to the seaside. Glanville Fort at the present time was totally unprotected from as enemy landing further down the coast to the south, because Point Malcolm, would prevent the guns being used against a vessel putting troops ashore at Henley Beach ; and directive the enemy got possession of the sandhills,, which were higher than the fort, he would, have complete command of it, and in a little, time throw np a sand battery affording better protection than the men in the fort had. (Mr Tonikinson — ' Hear, hear.') Major Lovely endorsed this view of the matter by say bag that he could take the fort with a hundred men, or at least cjm mand the big guns by picking off the men. engaged in working them by means of rifle shots ; but since then he understood a platform battery bad been erected to the south of Point Malcolm, showing that the Government must have recognised the dariger eus position of Fort Glanville. In point of fact the fort was dangerous to ourselves, because, thongh the big guns could not be easily turned against Port Adelaide and its environs, the smaller guns could be pointed round, to bring within range the country tor a radius of five or six miles around. The direct road to the beach from Adelaide, as sug gested in the motion, would be a great beLefit to the working classes, especially those of his own district, from a sanitary point of view, as it would give them easy means to get away from their closely packed, crowded homes to the fresh zAt of the seaside. There should also be a good road made inside the sandbills, and the work, if carried out, would be not only beneficial to the people individually, but ornamental and an advan tage to the country in a military sense. (Hear, hear.) ? The CHIEF SECRETARY (Hon. J. C. Bray) said that the Government had no objection to the motion. The hon. member for West Torrens seemed to be alarmed at the state of Fort Gianville, but he was inclined to think that after all the hon. member took a rather too unfavourable view of the matter. With regard to the platform fort, the same provision had been made at different points alonp; the coast, in accordance with suggestions made twelve months ago by the Colonel-Commandant, instructions having been given fcr this work to be carried out. and the repair of the worst parts of the Military-roa I as far as the money available would permit. A bridge had also beenbuiltover the PatawalongaCreekto enable traffic to cross it, and should the House think it necessary that the works suggested in the motion ought to be done the Government would not hesitate to place the requisite amount to carry them oat upon the Estimates. (Hear, hear.) Cairied. ZOOLOGICAL GARDENS. Mr. BASEDOW moved— 'Tbat copies of all correspondence between the Board of Governors of the Botanical Garden and the Council of 2£ana'rement of the Acclimatization and Zoological Society in reference to setting apart a piece of land, of about thirteen acres, now forming part of the Botanical Park, for the use of the Acclimatization and Zoolo gical Society for zoological purposes only; also copies of the minutes of the Board ol Governors of the Botanical Garden, and copies of plans and all other documents relating to tha Quitter in question, and obtainable by the Government, be hud upon the table of this House.' Carried. ABOLITION OF OATHS BILL. Mr. PLAYFORD (for Mr. STMOS) moved— ' That he have leave to introduce ' A Bill for an Act to provide for the abolition of the. administra tion of oaths in judicial proceedings, and to make other provision in lieu thereof.' He said that he anticipated the House would only take this as a formal motion. (Hear, hear.) Mr. Symon wished to introduce the matter in the form of a Bill in preference to a resolution, so that the House would have before it what he intended to substitute for the oath at present taken in the Courts of Law, and be the better able to discuss the question on all its points. (Hear, hear.) The ATTORNEY-GENERAL (Hon. J. W. Downer) said that the Government -would offer no opposition to the Bill being introduced ; but of course the hon. member would understand that they in no way pledged themselves to support the mea sure. (Hear, hear.) CONSERVATION OF WATER. Adjourned debate on motion of Mr. Boswcrth — '1. That it is desirable the Province of South Australia be divided into water areas for procuring and conservation of water. 2. That such divisions outside the agricultural settlements shall be defined according to the contour or watersheds of the pro vince ; inside by the boundaries of the existing dis tricts. 3. That each division beyond the agricul tural settlements shall be under an elective Board of construction and control, having for its members those possessed «;th personal knowledge of and resident in the respective areas ; within agricultural settlements by the existing District Councils ; each Board or Council to act in conjunction with the Sur veyor-General, i. That with a view to economy, all works, either of boring or excavating, be let by tender. 5. That with a view to economy, all Go vernment boring appliances and steam excavators for carrying on the said works be let to the contrac tors under proper conditions for repair or replace Mr TOMKINSON said that he had not moved the adjournment of the debate with the intention of entering into an elaborate discussion of the subject, for it was not possible for any hon. member to ad vocate the various clauses of the motion with more force than the mover had done. The mover's object was that the great work of conserving water in the arid districts of the colony shonld be done not on'y efficiently, but with due regard to economy, because it was evident that unless men of ability were en gaged on the work the money Parliament might vote for it would be squandered. On this point he felt very strongly. There conld be no two opinions as to the necessity of taking steps as soonas possible to preserve the water which fell in the rainy season for use in the dry weather, and he would ask the Commissioner of Crown Lands to inform the House what the Government intended to do in the matter. The COMMISSIONER of CROWN LANDS (Hon A. Catt) said that the Government were in debted to the hon. member for Wooroora for his very practical remarks upon what was the most im portant question to be considered so far a3 the future interests of South Australia were concerned. (Hear, hear.) Our prosperity wonld very largely depend on the way in which the subject was looked at, and the way in which water conservation was carried ont in the various parts of the colony, and he would say at once that the Government hid not yet f ully matoed their scheme. They had had to wait for certain information in detail, but he thought he would be able to show the House that the Govern ment were doing all they could be fairly expected to do under the circumstances. (Hear, hear.) The Surveyor- General had prepared a brief sketch of what he had done when visiting America, and of the machinery he had selected, waich, with the per mission of the House, he would read. (Hear, hear.) Mr. Goyder began by stating : — ' The machinery ordered b- me in England, and also the pipes and plant from America, may shortly be ex pected to arrive in Adelaide, when operations for obtaining water by well-sinking and its conservation by means of dams and reservoirs will be commenced without delay. In America I ordered- about 4,000 feet of the best piping and other appliances specially prepared under patent for deep wells, for the con struction of which I secured the services of Mr. Waddell, one of the most experienced artesian well sinkers in America, who comes with his own plant, prepared to work under the Government or by con tract, as may most readily and economically effect the object in view. The plant is of the least com plex nature to attain this result; it is stronger and requires fewer contingencies than other systems seen by me, and the result is more satisfactory.' He might say in reference to this part of the machi nery that the Surveyor- General assured him that he saw Mr. Waddell in charge of a well in America which tad been sunk 600 feet, and since the Sur veyor-General had left the bore had reached a depth of 1,CC5 feet, and a very large supply of water had leen obtained. The machinery was of a very simple character, and after looking carefully at .this and other machinery for the same purpose he came to the conclusion that nothing better could possibly be introduced into this colony. It it as stated also that in some cases where the ground was at all fair some thicsr like TO or 80 feet a day was gone through, and nschin^ry capable of doing this would be avalu stle nt:-1:rion to our present aripSancei (Hew, i.u.r.) TLc S.-rvujcr-i.i^crji v.tiii on to Si}- : — 'The steam machinery. ordered after repeated trials, and a few necessary alterations, from Fowler and Co., of Leeds, comprises the following:— Six complete sets of steam-scoop machinery, including twelve large traction- engines, with winding apparatus, &c.;, complete; six large cultivators for breaking up ground to a depth of fifteen inches; six large scoops, capable of moving about two yards of earth at a time; one drain-cutter, capable of cutting a ditch 2 ft. 6 in. deep, twelve inches wide at bottom and two feet wide at top ; six traction-engines and tanks complete for the haulage of fuel and water; twenty-four chain-pumps with pipes complete;, and duplicate of portions of all the machinery likely to be damaged or wear, and that cannot be readily obtained in the province.' He might say that he recently had an opportunity of seeing similar machinery at work at Sir Thomas Elder's Paratoo Station, and he felt convinced that these steam-engines and scoops would, be most valuable auxiliaries in developing. the interior of the colony. He was thoroughly impressed, with this fact when he saw the machines 'at. work* and he questioned whether there was anything so valuable in use at present for excavating reservoirs. The reservoirs he saw at Paratoo were, very large ones, and had been made at small cost compared to the expense incurred in making them, in the ordinary way with scoops worked with bullocks or horse teams or by pick-and-shovel. men, and he had not the slightest doubt that the Government would be able to excavate reservoirs, at something like. 4½d. or 5d. per yard, which was very much, below the present cost. He agreed that they could not do better than obtain surface reservoirs where there they were to be obtained, and this was demonstrated at Paratoo, where some of the reservoirs were small lakes, containing what was computed by the Manager (Mr. Waite) to be two or three years' supply of water, supposing no more rain fell. One reservoir was 120 x 120 feet, and 20 feet deep, and con tained, roughly, speaking, about six or seven millions of gallons of water; and there was also another reservoir, 120 feet long by 90 feet broad and 26 feet deep, and this also contained a large supply. In reference to the traction-engines, he thought the Surveyor-General had done well in procuring these. He found that at Paratoo it required six teams of bullocks to carry a supply of water for the engines engaged in excavating and for, the bullocks. It was felt that it would be a very difficult matter in mauy parts of the country to supply water under such conditions, and knowing the nature of the traction engines, and how easily they might be managed, they thought it much better to employ them than to continue to use bullocks in dry country, where water was scarce and difficult to obtain; and he had no doubt the machines would answer, the purpose for which they had been pur- chase, and would prove very valuable. The Surveyor-General also said :— ' The purchases made by me were confined to articles that could not at the present time be readily procured in the province.' So far as possible it was intended to obtain dupli cates of parts of the machinery in the colony. So far as boring machinery was concerned, he was assured by the Surveyor-General, and facts had come under his notice which led him to suppose, that they could purchase boring machinery in the colony much cheaper than, or as cheaply as, they could import it. The Surveyor- General continued :— 'On arrival of the machinery I purpose commencing work at once, the intention being to confine opera tions to opening roads from the settled districts, where water is abundant, towards the interior, where water is scarce and difficult to obtain, and where it is necessary it should be provided in order to facilitate the development of the country by the pastoral tenants, and to render the removal of stock safe during dry seasons when they can no longer find sustenance from deficient grass and herbage. In carrying out operations it is intended to proceed systematically and circumspectly, obtaining, water by conservation or boring in the first instance within a workable distance, not exceeding twenty miles from a reliable supply on the commencement of the several routes, and by no means to extend operations indiscriminately, but to actually secure a sufficient water supply stage by stage until the whole work has been, completed. In places where the holding- ground catchment areas are good, large surface reservoirs will invariably be made, and each reservoir fitted with pumps, troughs for sheep, circular troughs of special design, a shallow depth of water occupying central space, and giving the appearance of a pond for cattle, stages for filling tanks, &c;, the reservoirs to have catch ment pits for filtration and cleaning, overflows, &c;, properly fenced, and to be under the control of a caretaker, whose duties will be to keep the troughs filled, and to collect the sum charged by the Govern ment to keep the appliances in proper repair.' Hon. members would see the necessity of starting in such a way so that we would have a supply of water which would enable us to extend our operations afterwards. Referring again to what he saw at Paratoo, he said that the manager said it took years to extend their operations in one direction forty or fifty miles. They had to start from a given point, and after a thunderstorm they sent out a party of men ten or twelve miles to sink a small reservoir. They had to wait two or three years in some cases before that was filled, and then they went out and sunk a large reservoir, and until that was completed and filled they could not occupy this country and extend their operations ten or twelve miles further. The Government would have to extend their operations in much the same way, although having more machinery they might be able to carry on work in two or three different places on the same route at one and the same time. The Surveyor-General went on to say: — 'Where the strata is suitable for artesian wells they will be obtained, fitted with the necessary requisites, and placed under proper care. The same remark applies to deep wells, and where water cannot be obtained to enable boring opera tions to be carried on advantage will be taken of favourable opportunities to construct small reservoirs or dams for the collection of a sufficient quantity for the use of the men employed. As regards the routes, I propose to commence upon the lines already indicated, the first wells or reservoirs being within workable distance from those already known to be permanent, the sites for the second series upon the same routes being fixed after careful examina tion whilst the first series are being constructed.' He would say here that the Deputy Surveyor General, as was known to hon. members, had already inspected three of the routes named last session, and had furnished the Government with a report as to the proper places at which endeavours should be made to conserve water to enable stock to be brought from the interior of the country to Farina. As soon as possible after the return of the Deputy Surveyor -General a party of men lightly equipped was dispatched with camels and hand-boring appliances to work on the water to the Musgrave Ranges, and to test one of the most difficult pieces of country. If this piece of country were bridged over the route would not be bad, and could be used until more complete works were carried out. The party was dispatched some time ago, and he had no doubt had commenced work, or were near the scene of operations. Arrange ments had also been made for sinking wells and making reservoirs on the road to the Mount Browne diggings. Tenders had been called for some of the work, but the Government had not decided whether to accept any of them, as the prices were very much in excess of the estimated cost. He asked the Surveyor-General for a report as to what had been dcne during the past year, because Mr. Bosworth had said very little had been done, and he thought it wonld be only fair to lay before the House what was the real state of affairs, both as regards what had been done in the hundreds and in the country outside. In reference to the country outside, the Surveyor- General said:— ' Since my last report on the subject of travelling routes the follow ing works have been completed or are now in progress, viz. : — Coondambo-road, north west of Port Augusta— Tank, 63,000 gallons. PhilHps's Pound, £615 ; tank, 68,000 gallons, Lake Windabout, £610; tank, 68,000 gallons, Ashton Hii', £520. Barrier route— Thackaringi, surface reservoir. £1,000 ; Mingary, surface reservoir, £1,000— each reservoir to hold over ljmillion gallons, and these in addition to a smaller reservoir previously sunk by Halliday of about half above capacity ; Clayton and Diamantina, well in progress, bore down 521 feet, water brackish but good supply, and artesian but being deepened and tested.' So far as the water at Clayton was concerned, he might say that although brackish it was good stock water, but the Surveyor General thought it necessary to test the country yet deeper than had been done at present. Many persons had sunk in similar country to the Clayton country, and at 520 feet and beyond had come on good water. Just over the Border the same persons had sunk GOO- leet through ground of various sorts. A well had been sunk 300 feet, and a bore put down an extra 300 feet, and the water had risen to within 19 feet of the top, and this result ought to encourage us to go on boring. (Hear, hear.) Although so much had been said abont the country being dry we had an underground supply of water which it was well worth while to try and tap, and although good water for cattle had been obtained at the Clayton it would be well to go on and endeavour to tap much better water. The report proceeded to say :—' Tenders have been called for six trial wells on this route, but were too high for acceptance. Musgrave Range Route.— Two parties have been sent out to sink trial wells, and tenders have been called for opening route to Mount Browne diggings, but they nave not yet been considered. They are, however, about double the departmental estimate. The total expenditure already in curred since 1S59 in opening up various roads and travelling routes is £21,673 12s. 3d. The details will shortly be prepared, and will be embodied in a report from me upon the subject. There is also in addition to the above £234 9s. 9d. expended in sinking a well npon the road from Wellington to Border Town, at the spot known as Hawk's Nest. The road is used occasionally by travelling stock, but mostly for traffic by teams. The well is within a hundred (Coolinonj;).' In reference to what had been done inside the hundreds he would say that £25,000 was voted last year for water conservation therein, and the work undertaken and contemplated wop'd cost £39,400 — wells, dams, tanks, reservoirs, and boring operations bemjr provided for. The Surveyor-General reported:— 'Wells, dams, tanks, reservoirs, &c;— Boring operations and repairs to wells, dams, -tc., have been completed from the above vote in the following localities, viz.: — Wonna, King, Kalkabury, Ciraernn, Boothby, Barnnea, Freeling, Kadina, Wallaroo, Coonatto, Mongolata, Erskine, Bundey, Bendleby, Clinton, Mundoora, Yalpara, Telowie, Peelaweela, Hawker, Wirreanda, Hawk's Nest, Coglin, Tiddy widdy, MaiUand, Point Pearce, Whitwarta, Tipara Springs, Pine Point, Moonta, Launcelot, Eurelia, Keillie, Point Pass, Branbunga, Koolywurtie, Yon eala, Terowie, Snowtown. Buttamnck, Bower, Nackara. Works have been proposed and partly arranged for in the following places, viz.: — Tipara, Kilkerran, Wonna, Buttamuck, East Moonta, Wal laroo, Tickers, Wiltnnga, Cavenagh, Willowie, Nackara, Blyth, and Port Broughton. Works done and contemplated as above will cost £19,400.' So far as Wallaroo was concerned he might say that during last summer the difficulty of the water Hrpply on the Peninsula was felt to be a very great one, and although Mr. Bosworth stated that the same difficulty would arise again, the Government hoped that it would not. Increased provision had been made, and reports were now being obtained in reference to three schemes which had been put forward for the supply of the Peninsula with water. One scheme was for a supply from S&illipolee; Creek, another from the Burra, and another from Crystal Brook. Only one report had been received, scd that was en the SkilJ:;olee Creek scheme, and Le was aiiaid the cxpuue of this sohszie woali r ^ '?*'- *-*-B*a-a-«--^kMi^^ be so much, as «Hq» would' bavtrto carry the water a considerable htight for a long dStanoe that he -jraa afraid, they would not& ablatf recommend its adoption. The other reporte would soon be received, and it -was hopedHhat some scheme would be devised for providing a Dermanant supply of water for tbePenuisulaTAt Snowtoira the supply was a very good one, and had been ob tained by boring ; and* he- could assure the House that the water was verj good indeed. The fact that this supply had been obtained in the exceedingly dry country was a matter for congratulation. The Government had discussed the question of water conservation frequently, and they felt tU« neces sity of dealing with It. very carefully, as mis taken action would be- very injurious to the best interests of the- colony. It would nut only result in the loss of money, but It would be a loss of valuable time, and would be very discou raging to private persons. . lie had noticed, in read ing a report prepared in- Victoria on the same sub ect, that the Government of that colony had been considering the matter for a very long time, and bad not yet matured their scheme, and ha thought, tinder the circumstances, the Government might fairly ask the House to give them plenty of tune to consider a scheme and lay it before the House. (Hear, hear.) Ia view of the fact that the Government proposed, at as oarly a date as possible, to introduce a. Bill rfe»i;ng with the question of water conservation, ha hoped the hon. member would withdraw his motion. (Hear, hear.) The Government thanked hiTri for his practical remarks, and were thoroughly in accordance with some portions of the motion, bat he hoped it would not be pressed under the circumstances. (Hear, hear.) Mr. PLAYFORD jpin«d in the request that tha hon. member would withdraw his motion. There was no doubt that wo should haye to deal with the question of water conservation in a very different manner from what we had done in the past, or we shouiu lind that tha taxation of the community as a whole for the snppjy of water for the benefit of a few would be very great. This matter had bean forced upon the attention of the Victorian Legisla ture, which had passed a measure enabling the local authorities in different parts of the country to borrow money from the Government and carry out what they considered necessary works. At the same time powers weragiren to rate the owners of pro perty who wera benefited by the provision of a water supply, and it was provided that the authoil ties should be hald responsible for the payment of the interest on. Uie money borrowed. Under this arrangement the local authorities took good care that the works- were of such a character that they would pay, and thus a lot of work that might be undertaken by the Government under other circum stances, and wbk-ii would prove useless,, was not carried out, and much money was saved. Something similar to this would have to . be done here. He did not mean that it should apply in the outside g&storal; country, as the Government should take upon tuemselves to provido stock roads for the Surpose of opening up the country, and. they could o the work 'at Tery moderate expense ; but if we were going in for supplying such places as the towns on Yorke's. Peninsula it must be understood dis tinctly that the people should pay the interest on th« money laid out, and the expense of maintaining the necessary works in proper, order. There should be some recognised principle in con nection with the construction of these works. The principle that was adopted when he was in the Cabinet was that so far as regarded travel ling stock routes and the conservation of water so as to enable people to get from, one part of tha colony to another the necessary work should be car ried out at the whole expense. ol the country, but as regarded the supply of water for towns and villages it was insisted that the peopls should pay the inte rest on the cost of the work and the expense of re pairs. (Hear, hear.) H« had not tne slightest objection to making a big reservoir at Wandi'ta for the supply of the farmers, in. the district at the cost of the country ; but th£ supply of water to the towns on Yorke's Peninsula was a very different thing. The people in these towns should know exactly what the cost at providing a water supply would be, and shculd practically, as in the case of Mount Gambier., approve ot the scheme. The sum of £25,000 had been voted hist year, and amounts of £20,000 the year before, £12,C00 in the previous year, and £5,000 before that bad been voted, lor the purpose of supplying water in the agricultural districts. Wnen he took office he had gone on increasing thu amounts, knowing how very important it was to supply the stock routes with water, but we must proceed on some well-defined plan, and he was glad the Go vernment bad under consideration the advisab:'ity of bringing in a Bill for the purpose of dealing with this matter. Provision must be made for the proper maintenance of the works which were con structed, and where practicable they should he placed in the hands of the local authorities or some other caretaker, or else great expense wou'd have to be incurred for repairs. District Councils in many instances were of great assistance to the Government in the preservation of the works, and he had always tried to avail himself of their services in this respect. He would point out that the hon member who moved the motion said nothing in that motion about a most important point, and that was who was to provide the money for these works. He had shown now the money was provided in Victoria, and he considered the system was an excellent one, especially in the case of smaller towns. He would take the case of Port Gennein for instance. The residents there said they were willing to supply themselves with water if they could get tne money. There was an excellent supply in the Baroota Creek, which could be made- available at small expense. The local bodies said that they were quite w.'Hing to undertake the work if the Government would only provide them with the money at a reasonable rate of interest, and they would relieve the Government of all trouble of control and maintenance, in which event he thought the work would be more cheaply done than by the Government. He would therefore re commend this consideration to the especial notice of the Government. (Hear, hear.) Mr. HOWE said that no doubt there was a great deal of difficulty involved in carrying the scheme which Mr. Bosworth had promulgated. So far as conserving water on stock routes was concerned, it would be difficult to obtain any return for the ex penditure, and the only way he saw of getting any was to put a small tax per head on the stock travel ling to market on these routes, to be collected by Government Inspectors. In other places dams might be constructed, but they could not be let, because it would not pay to have a man waiting for stock to come along in order to collect the tax. As to con serving^water on Crown lands, where water was found in arid country when the land was submitted to auction it would fetch its full value, so that a return would be received for any outlay upon it, and hon. members need not be afraid on that score ; and so far as water conservation in hundreds was con cerned, the objections raised by Mr. Playford seemed to be met by the action of the Government. In nearly every case where a water supply could be found for the villages in that country he believed the Government was quite willing to provide it so long as substantial men guaranteed the interest on the ^expenditure, by which arrange ment they could suffer no loss. From what he knew of the country he thought the work of water conservation could be carried on more cheaply and better, and be better managed by the Government than if it were thrown on the District Councils and Corporations. We had ab.e men and a department for the special purpose, and he was sure it would be a great saving to the country for them to carry on the work. Mr. Playford had instanced Port Ger mein in this relation, and there he believed the Government had supplied water on a sufficient number of people entering into a bond to pay the interest on the outlay. In cases of this sort, how ever, the Government ought to make allow ance in the matter of the interest to be paid where the water supplied was required for railways and other public works, as well as local domestic use. He was glad Mr. Bosworth had brought forward his motion, dealing as it did with a question of such immense importance to the whole community. Mr. FURNER, referring to Port Germein, sa'd that places like it had to pay well for their water, and the people there, giving something like sixpence a hogshead, were to all intents and purposes pas Ing 50 to 75 per cent, more than the citizens of Ade laide. After the elaborate statement of the Com missioner of Crown Lands he thought the motion should be withdrawn, but he believed that District Councils and Corporations should at least be con sulted in the selection of sites for 'storing water, which he regretted to say had not been done in the C';, with the consequence that serious mistakes been made. He was not, however, prepared to say that the execution of the work should be handed over to the local bodies, but he entirely agreed with Mr. Playford tbat if Corporations and District Councils spent money in this way it should be as a loan from the Government, who should receive a guarantee of a certain rate of interest to secure them against pcssibla loss, |and who should be relieved of all responsibility in the matter. Mr. BRIGHT thought that after the statement of the Commissioner of Crown Lands that the whole question would be brought before the House shortly it would be wise to withdraw the motion, and if they did not approve of the Government scheme as a whole no doubt the Government wonld be wil'ing to give due consideration to any amendment pro posed. He hoped that the scheme would be some thing on the broad principles of the motion moved by Mr. Bosworth. Mr. LANDSEER Baid he had given the Govern ment credit for being sincere in the statements made in the Governor's Speech as to the conserva tion of water, and he was very glad to hear that they were going to introduce a Bill dealing with the matter. He did not think any harm had been done by Mr. Bogwqrth in calling the attention of the House to this important subject. In this colony we bad nearly everything we could wish for with the exception of a plentiful supply of water, and it was of the utmost importance that we should do all we possibly could to conserve it The accounts he had heard of the great hardships which were suffered and the losses incurred in the northern part of the colony because of the scarcity of water could hardly be credited, and he was glad there was a good pospect of a great improvement being effected. (Hear, bear.) He hoped the hon. member wonld withdraw his motion. Mr. BOSWORTH was very pleased with the way in which the Commissioner of Crown Lands had re garded his motion, and that be had furnished n ro;t3 as to what had been done in the past. Much more work than he expectel l:ad been accomplished, and he trusted that the nionev expended would have a beneficial effect. He thought that the suggestions he had made were all the more necessary in view of the intended great outlay on the conservation of water, in order that some means might be adopted for properly directing the expenditure. The remarks of Mr.' Playford as to his omission of any reference in the motion to vrho should be expected to provide the money for carry ing out the works suggested were unfair, and it was not the first time he had made unfair remarks re specting him. There was no occasion for the sneer ing statements ct the hon. member, who, if he had been in bis place when the motion was brought for ward, would have heard him Bay that he had taken this matter into consideration, and thought that where it was difficult to o'ntiin water by private means the Government should htep in and provide a supply, and make charges on the people benefited by rates or other means. He would ask leave to withdraw the motion, seeing that the Government had promised to introduce a Bill shortly dealing with the subject Withdrawn. INDIAN IMMIGRATION BILL. This Bill was returned by message from the Legislative Council without amendment ACCUSED PERSONS' EVIDENCE BTr.L. Tkis Bill was read a third time and paucX ' AUDIT BILL. ?AiUonrried debate en second reading. Mr. COOK E, ill resuming the debate, said that wiles the Treasurer was njnuiking on thU Bill he said that it sprang out of the recommendation of the Finaaee GoniiniuioB, and that some difficulty had been experienced in deciding how much to introduce iiito aBii how much to keep out of the Bill. There were two distinct sides to this question, one refer ring t» the method of managing the accounts*, ?hu pxymwits of money, the check upon these payments, and where tlu.-y were to be *'&?£'? «-nd the other relating to tha audit of if? i ,3 3?lo3t ot Uie auitit accounts In Ihe other [colonies went into both tbmn quu-Huu.-, U- a greater or lessor exteut, and he could under stand the difficulty ol tha Treasurer in deciding to what exte»t be should gu into the collateral branch as well as Uie que.sU,B of audit. In the New /.ealand Aut they wont very extensively into the whole question as to how the finances were to be managed. When the Finance Commission were appomted -uaay matters of this kind wore loft for them to rei»tt upon. The loan account was one of Uie principsAmattets to be reported upon, and the Commission alto had to examine and enquire into tue method of m swinging the Loan Fund to see to wliat extent it oould beWouglit more thoroughly under the jurisdiction of the House of Assembly. This point was not tatua into account in the Audit Bill at all, and he did not know but that it would be better that there should be another Act intro duced for the purpose of taking up the other pro posals of the Coinuiissum which were not included m the Bill. Ha agreed that it would not be wua to attempt tomtit the whole of them in one Bill, especially na it was necessary to put the present EUl forward as quickly as possible ; but certainly the matter should be grappled with at some time or other aad not left a mere resolution. Of course the resolutions of the house had put the thine on such a footing that if they were cirried out the House would have a thorough control over the loan account, but there was nothing to compel the resolutions to be carried out. Those resolutions might be ignored, and the Government might retain control of the Loan Fund, and this was one matter tliat .should not be lust sight of « hen another Bill was introduced. (Hear, hear.) With regard to the IaihI Fund and the extent to which they should bo kept separate from other kinds of rectipU, he illicit say that the Commission went very fully into tills matter, and praposed certain model balance-sheets which had Wen adopted, and which he had no doubt bad proved of great convenience to members of the House and those who wkued to understand tha state of the public finances. At any time the.su could be discontinued, but he should think that they had become so firmly established that any Aiinibtry attempting to drop them would be greatly bl&med;, and tbat the House would insist on having them fcniishcd — (Hear, hear) — so possibly thid might be ltft to the House to insist npon from time to time. The details of the executive officer*' duties w (re not mentioned in the Audit Bill except to a limited extent, and he presumed tbat thede would be dealt with in the regulations when they were framed. Rome of the Audit Acts went very fully into this matter, showing what the whole of the duties were and what had to be done, and even the Ministerial duties were denned ; but it might be as well to leave these to bis dealt with in the regulations, because if the General principles were established there would be more Muiu to look into the minutia; and settle them more completely. The Bill was confined chiefly to the one great question of the manner in which the accounts should be audited and placed before Parliament, and it would be seen that the difference proposed was not merely one of form or name, but a vory important difference affect'ig the position of the Ministers themselves, and the position the Parliament assumed towards the Government. The plan used to be that all accounts were sub mitted first of all to the Auditor-General, who, after looking through and passing them, al lowed them to be paid. 1 his was very convenient for the Government, because if they were in any difficulty as to whether it was right or proper that a payment should be made they had only to put it before the Auditor-General and get his consent, and there was nothing more heard of the matter. There was nothing heard of a surchargo made to the officers because they had made a blunder and over paid an account, and all of those who had to pay money were completely whitewashed beforehand, and payments once made were not heard of again. No doubt it was a very easy ind comfortable thine to co on in tliis way. Whatever difficulty occurred in the Government payments nothing came before Parliament, and there was no such thing as friction where everything was carried on in this way. Even if there were any dispute Parliament would know nothing about it, because the matter would be quietly settled between the Auditor-General and the Government. The Governmental the present time had such a power over the Auditor-General that he could hardly refuse to do what they wanted, because he was their servant. The Government could tall him that he had to do certain things, and he could not help obeying them, and therefore the proper constitutional check was lost. In England it hid been found long ago that this was not a safe way of dealing with the public accounts, and that the Government should take their own responsibility in making payments after satisfying themselves that they were right, that they should not be able to cut whitewashed beforehand, and tbat after the pay ments were made independent persons who had not leen implicated in any way should step iu end report upon the whole matter to Parliament. It was then the fault of Parliament if they did not take action. The Audit Commissioners would havu done their duty, and it was necessary that they should not be afraid to do so and to lay the figures before Parliament. Parliament was supposed to be the guardian of the public finance at jpresent, but practically the guardianship in the administration was now left to the Government. It was desirable tbat this should be altered, for if Parliament were not aware of the extent to which their orders were being carried out it was impossible that they could keep a proper check upon the public purse. Ono of the main features of the Bill was that the Government should take their complete re sponsibility, and the whole matter should be laid before Parliament by the Audit Com missioners. It was necessary, therefore, that thoy should be placed in a much more responsible posi tion than the Auditor- General. In England the Auditor-General could only be removed by an address from both Houses of Parliament, and it was the same in the other colonies, except in Victoria, where he could be removed either by an address from both Houses in one session, or by two addresses from one House in two succeeding session*. The origin of this latter charge was the friction that took place between the two Houses of Parliament in Victoria, and which induced the House of Assembly to insist on taking the matter more into their own bands. He thought it would be best to follow the English rule and the rule of the colonies other than Victoria. (The Treasurer— ' What about New South Wales T) There, he believed, the Auditor-General was removable en the vote of both Houses. The Treasurer had said tbat it might be found desirable to remove the Audit Commissioners because they were idla. If so, the sooner they were turned out of their office the better, or they might be a little too active, and get rather troublesome to the Govern ment. The object of the Bill was that the Execu tive should take an Executive's duty, and tint the Commissioners should have an opportunity of seeing that the system of accounts was correct, and that it was carried out in its entirety ; so that while one acted the other would watch, and there should be no friction between them. There was in the Bill a provision in regard to the reports on different kindn of works. In former regulations the Auditor General's report gave particulars of excesses on votes, whether on old votes or on the votes existing, but where they were transferred from one portion of a vote to another there whs nothing said abont it. That was pointed out by the Finance Commission, and in the following Auditor General's report a proper statement was made, but tbat had now been ordered and would not be left to the option of the Auditcr-General. One very im portant thing had been dealt with which he hoped wonld give satisfaction not only to the House and the country but also to the Press, and that was that t--e old ghost of '' unexpended balances' would now be allayed for ever. (Laughter.) The Bill provided that the expenditure for the year should cease at the end of the financial year— both receipts and expenditure. If there were any receipts to come in which properly belonged to the year and they did not come in during the year they could be left out, and so with payments for work ordered and not done: they would go into the next year's account. The ques tion used to be— if the Government let the works stand over, would there not be a chance of their being rejected next session. If the terms of this Bill were agreed to the Govemmtmt would have the power to bring works already authorized forward 'n the next Estimates, and they must be corroborated ; but the Government would go on with the works during tho course of the six months or till the Appropriation Hill was passed. It might bo said that that was authorizing expenditure on the one hand, and say ing on the other that you bad to get fresh authority. No doubt it wes, but there was no contradiction involved. The same thing was done constantly in regard to excesses. The Government did not hesitate in incurring expenditure in excess of what had been voted if deemed necessary, and they could do exactly the same in regard to these unexpended balances. They would have ha;l previous authority for the works, and although, as far as the year was concerned, they had been practically cancelled, there was a sort of continuous authority till the House rejected the amount or tho Estimates were passed. If the House rejected the vote the Government would be in the same position as in regard to excesses on votes. This was the plan adopted in New Zealand in regard to another matter, namely, unauthorized expenditure. In that colony the Ministry had power to spend up to a certain Bum without the authority of Parliament under an account called tho ' Unauthorized Expenditure Account,' all such hums, however spent, in anticipation of the Appropriation Act being included in the Estimates for the year next en suing. That was practically what was proposed in thin Bill, undeT which (the Government could go on with works authorized the previous session, even though they were not completed by the end of the financial year. Another important altera tion suggested by the Finance Commi3sion and shadowed forth in this Bill wan that the books, instead of being kept at the Auditor General's Office, should be kept by the Treasurer ; that the Commissioners of Audit should only b« responsible for the system in which they were kept, and should not interfere with them except for the purposes of auditing. The entries would J-e made in the Treasury as the payments were made, and the Trtasurer would be able to get out his quarterly balance-sheet sharp at the end of the quarter. Iu fact, a fortnight could be thus Baved, as the accounts would not have to wait till they had travelled throupb the Auditor-General'B Office, but would be in the Treasurer's books which he could complete bimFelf. Afterwards they would be audited in the ordinary way, and the parties who hail made errora would be blamed. But it was not likely that so many errors would be made errors which under the present nyattm were not altered when once they had crent into the booku. He confessed that in the clause relating to the Treasurer's duties hi drawing up a monthly warrant there was almost too great a degree of terseness practiced. It was almost too short, and left a great deal to be done by regulations. For instance, tho Treasurer on tLe previous day said that tha warrants prepared by the Treasurer would hare to Le bitned by the Chief Secretary. That was not mentioned in the Audit Act, nor was anything about the dnties cf others then the Treasurer. There was r.c docbt tbat rxckr the 15:11 every dapart:n*nt Ltfcre sendii.g ia its estimates would bare to loak more minutely into them, and so would the heads of the departments and the Treasurer, and some one behind them and not mentioned would have to see that the votes had been passed for the works. He merely mentioned these matters as things that would have to be dealt with by regulations. The imprest order system, about which the House had beard so much at various times, was not mentioned in the BUI, so that it would work equally well whether that system was adopted altogether or only in part. It could be provided by regulations. Another ques tion was whether the accounts of District Councils and Corporations should be audited. Provision was made in the Bill for the auditing of these accounts, but it did not state positively that they should be audited. He noticed that the delegates from the \- various Corporations discussed this question, and their opinion was that no interference should be made in the existing rules, as provided by the Municipal Acts. He thoroughly agreed with that, and that District Councils and Corporations should be made responsible for seeing their accounts pro perly audited, as they generally could by mean3 of a local Auditor. But the Government ought to re quire ' an Auditor of a different kind to ascer tain whether the money they were paying to these Corporations and District Councils was properly expended. He would see that a proper system of accounts was kept, and that as often as deemed necessary they were examined into, either by himself or some one who could be sent np for thepurpose. He did not know whether there was sufficient power given to the Commis sioners to report to the Governor. He supposed the details of that would be subject to regulation ? but it would amount to this : that the Commissioners of Audits would be instructed not to make »w. ments until the accounts had been put on a proper and efficient footing. It was necessary that the Commissioners of Audit should have lull power in their own department. That ™gnt oe granted by implication, perhaps ; but he would like to see it laid down distinctly In the Bill and also that they were not only permitted to look to tne system of accounts in the Government depart ments and everywhere they had to audit, but that it was their positive duty to do so. The Finance Commission looked upon that as a very* important thing, and one reason why they decided to recommend the appointment of two Commis sioners of Audit was that they should be able to consult with each other as to the various systems in vogue in the country offices and bring them as ? 'jariy as possible to a uniform system. He would, therefore, at the proper time move to insert a clause 2 ^ ' effec*— 'That the Commissioners of Audit snail have power to make rules for the internal management of their business, and to prescribe rules for the various paying and receiving depart ment! in making out and rendering periodical accounts for examination, provided they shall be approved hythe Governor previous to the issue thereof That was a provision he had copied almost word for word from the Imperial Act, the only difference being that the Imperial Act gave the duel officer under it much more extensive powers —in fact, including the power to promote and discharge his officers and to do othrr work generally left to the Executive. *-hat he was anxious to see under tne Commissioners of Audit was something like what prevailed in the Education Department, which had to a great extent the management of its own officers. Of course the Commissioners of Audit would not take npon themselves to issue any orders, but they should be prepared to draw up regulations to be submitted to the Governor, and he should issue them if they met with his approval. For the reasons he had given he would support the Bill. (Hear. hear). ELECTORAL BILL. A message was received from the Legislative Council stating tliat then had agreed to the Assem Mrs amendments to the Electoral Act Amendmen: AUDIT BILL Besomed debate on second reading. Mr. BRIGHT said he thought hon. members ii dealing with this Bill should be careful of oni uung— namely, not to agree to any clause empower ing these officers to be removed on the address o one House only, even if passed in two successive I*8?0!'3-, As Mr. Cooke had said, the law in Vic tonahad been passed owing to the friction betweer the two Houses there, and there was no reason wh5 we should follow them in that direction. In years past lie had been anxious that the Audit Ad should be amended in the direction now sou»hl by_ this Bill, as he felt that the Audit Com missioners should be responsible only to Par. lament, and not under the immediate con trol of the Government. Another matter on wnicn.ne wished to speak was clause 35. These commissioners would have to audit accounts oi corporations and District Councils, and of Societies wnich received Government grants, and he there fore did not agree with the wording of the 35th clause. It was there provided that tne Commis sioners of Audit should audit these accounts ' when required so to do by the Governor.' Now, his idea was that they should be required to do this without being ordered to do so by the v.. -vernor Under the old audit regulations Local Court ac count8 were audited by the same officers from the Auditor-General's Department when required to do so, and the consequence was that some accounts rrenL£?PM veF ,lo°sely- In fact a great deal or peculation had been carried on, and he felt very much the necessity of having the Audit Com missioners placed in such a position that they would feel the responsibility was entirely theirs in regard to these outside audits, and not wait until they were required to look into the accounts by the Governor Jle therefore hoped the Government would strike out the words he had referred to. In ypars past he had always supported Mr. Townsend when he sought to fiaye a public auditor for these outside accounts, and this would be carrying out the principle em bodied in the Bill, but would not be effective while the said words were retained. He was exceedingly glad the Bill had been introduced, and hoped there would be no difficulty in pasain' it speedily into law. r ° .Mr- JLAYFORD said that as the Bill had met with the approval of the Finance Commission, it would be presumption for him to criticise it as a Xrliii £nt ^th reference to the auditing of taKenup the position that such an audit was nol likely to find out any wrongdoing on behalf of the Councils if they purposely set themselves to work to cheat the Government. They could manase their hooks so well that no Auditor could find' it out wnen in office he received information which led him to believe that a certain Council were obtainin grants from the Government by a system of false pre° tences, and though two of thesinartest officers in the Auditor-GeneraTs Department were sent to examine the accounts minutely they failed to discover any thing wrong, yet when a surveyor was dispatched to measure the work which the Council represented they had done a very different state of things was exposed. Thus it was apparent the audits m this direction were useless. He was quite certain that the time of the Audit Commissioners could not be taken up in auditing these Councils' accounts, for they would have to range from Mount Gambier to Jlount Remarkable ; but Audit Inspectors might be appointed to visit the post-offices, railway stations Local Courts, and similar public offices, and without any notice being given to the officers in charge take the books and go through them and count the cash. By this means irregularities would be found out which would never be discovered other wise, and the very dread of these Inspectors pouncinc upon public officers at any moment would cause tnem to keep tneir accounts straight, and prevent ssssWkS88- ne wotaa mmott the second The .TREASURES (Hon. L. Clyde) said he was glad that the BUI, generally speaking, met with the approbation of the House and the Finance Commis sion. There were just three points touched upou which he would Tefer -to. It was stated that it would be dangerous to allow the Audit Commis sioners to be removed op the address of one House in two consecutive sessions, which was a provision not included in the Victorian or New South Wales Acts ? but in New South Wales the Audit Commissioners were not in the same independent position as it was proposed to make them here. Under the Constitu tion Amendment Act passed last session the House recognised the principle involved in the present Bill that, supposing the Assembly passed a BUI in two consecutive sessions which the Legislative Council lUU not agree to, then certain action would follow, and he believed it would be very much better to leave the Bill as it was printed than accept the pro position wnich had been made to amend it. With regard to the second point, that the Government were not giving the Commissioners sufficient powers, he thought the criticisms were hyper :ntical altogether. No one reading the Bill would say that the Government had not done ;heir very best to give the Commissioners power :o do anything they liked legitimately within :heir province, but it was asking too much pendent of the Government of the day, and hi doubted if Parliament would be justified in uivint them such power. With regard to Mr. Bright'* point as to making: it compulsory on the Commis sioners to audit the accounts of local bodies, the matter must be considered very carefully. He ob served by the papers that the Town Clerk of Ade laide, acting he supposed in the interests of the citizens, had called the attention of the Mayor to the clause Mr. Bright proposed to amend, with the view no doubt of objecting to the power proposed to be given to the Audit Commissioners in relation to the accounts of Corporations and District Councils, and he was afraid if the amendment were made it would lead to unpleasant results. Carried. The Bill was then read a second time. In Committee. The preamble was postponed. Ciauses 1 to 11 inclusive were passed as printed. Clause 12. Sums appropriated for any year not to be expended after first three days of next year The TREASURER (Hon. L. Glyde) proposed to substitute for the words ' such Appropriation BilL' in the last hue of the clause, !the words ' the esti mates of expenditure.' The amendment was agreed to, and the clause as amended was passed. Clauses 13, w, and 15 were passed as printed. Clause 16. Further, as to examination of accounts On the motion of the TREASURER (Hon. L.' Glyde) the words ' in the particulars hereinbefore mentioned were omitted from the 44th and 45th lines, and the clause as amended was passed. Clause 2L Allowance without vouchers, or wit imperfect vouchers. On the motion of the TREASURER (Hon. ] Glyde) verbal alterations were made in the 15th an 16th hues, and the clause was passed. Clauses 22 to 33 inclusive were passed as printed. Clause 34. Report to be transmitted to Speaker On the motion of the TREASURER (Hon. I tilyde) the words ' that may at any time be brough to their notice,' in the third line, were struck oul and the clause as amended was passed. Clause 35. Audit of accounts of municipal am other bodies. Mr. BRIG HT called theattention of the Committe .tp tne words in the clause commencing in the eight] une, when required so to do by the Governor.1 me commissioners had been given power inthi itfhK11?^11563 to, audit tbe accounts of variou: ZwSris*Sft0Ilm themselves, andhethoughl wsmmm ?wnefltterwardiulSataSL °Ut and Coa-iderabte difference of opinion existed nn thii and his object was that the Commissioners should only audit the accounts in exceptional cases. Mr. FUBNEB thought it would be far better to leave the .clause as it stood, as the alteration pro. posed would place the Commissioners in a difficult position. Mr. SMITH presumed that the Commissioners would have to audit the accounts when they were sent in and the claims for grants-in-aid were made, and that, if ihere was any reason to suppose the accounts were wrong, a fuller investigation would be entered upon. He thought it was only fair that they should have this powei, and that the clause had better remain as it stood. Mr. COOKE said it appeared to him that the limit of examination would have to be prescribed hereafter. The idea of the Comnrssibn was that it would not be necessary to make a detailed audit in every case, but they thought it advisable to get a report in every case 33 to the system on which the accounts were kept, and whether they were suffi ciently audited. It would be seen whether it was necessary to have a complete andit, and in any ease the audit to which the accounts had to be subjected in the ordinary way, independent of the Govern ment, would not be rendered any the less necessary Mr. BRIGHT said if regulations were made to carry out his wish he would not press hU amend ment. He was only anxions that the Commissioners should feel the responsibilities of their office Ije amendment was withdrawn. The TREASURER (Hon. L Glyde) moved to strike out the word 'Governor' and substitute ' Chief Secretary.' The amendment was agreed to, and the clause was passed . Clauses 36 and 37 and the Schedule were agreed to The House resumed, and the consideration of the report was made an Order of the Day for next day. PAPERS. ~ The ATTORNEY-GENERAL' (Hon. J. W Downer) laid on the table— A return of the electoral districts, showing the new districts and the voting power in each. To be printed. CONSTITUTION AMENDMENT BILL. / Second reading. The ATTORNEY-GENERAL (Hon. J. W. Downer) said that for a lone time complaints had been made as to the insufficient representation of certain districts and of the overrepresen tation of others. Select Committees had been appointed from time to tune to report on the subject — one as long ago a3 1870 — and various suggestions had been made, but up to the present time the districts stood substantially as they did twelve or thirteen years ago. During last session the present Government thought it their duty to embody their views in a Bill, which they submitted to the House ; but, in consequence of the work then before the House, it was deemed impos sible to get the Bill properly discussed and passed last session. The Government then thought it would be well to have a Royal Commission to enquire into the subject, the members of which were to include representatives of the northern districts not sufficiently represented, some from the southern districts, Bupposei to be over represented, and some from nearer town to form a moderating element between the others. This had been done, and in the first clause of their report the Commission were unanimous in saying that the colony should be divided into twenty-six electoral districts, and that they should have two members each. They also agreed that popu lation alone should not be the basis of representa tion—just as a previous Commission had agreed ? '' and they had evidently also been influenced by the ' feeling that it was better to get what was obtainable i ?r' '« -''» at a mure penecii meoreticai aistnbu tion of seats which would never be agreed to bi Parliament. The Commission said— first, tha: certain parts of the colony were undoubtedly in sufficiently represented; and, secondly, that hi th- present changing condition of affairs it was nol expedient to make any radical change in the way a reducing the representation of the older districts Those were the two principles on which they baser their third resolution, on which practically theBil now before the House was framed. As hon. members knew, the colony was now divided intc twenty-two districts, with forty-six members— some districts having three members, some two members and one district having only one representative Although Mr. Playford differed from the othei members of the Commission on some other points he was with them on this point — that all the districts should be represented by two members each, and that there should be twenty -six instead of twenty -two districts The Commission had before them the labours of the Commissions which sat in 1870 and in 1879, which came to the same conclusion. They said that Flinders, with its 7,702 adult males and three members, was insufficiently represented, as were also the Burra, with 6,023 electors and two members ; Wallaroo, with 5,402 and three members ; and t«orth Adelaide, with 1,813 electors and one member. They considered that East Adelaide, with 4,506 electors, and West Adelaide, with 4,315 elec tors, were not over-represented by two members each ; and that it was not expedient to interfere with the older districts in the South at present (Hear, hear.) They proposed that North Adelaide should have one more member, and, in order to increase the voting strength, which wa3 now only 1,813, that Walkerville should be taken out of the District of East Torrens and added to North Ade laide, to which it more properly belonged, and that the District Council of Prospect should al3o be added, and thus taken out of the present Electoral Districts of West Torrens and Port Adelaide. As far as Wallaroo was concerned, the Government had to a great extent taken the view of Mr. Furner as they could not of course think of the suggestion of Mr. Christmas, one of the witnesses from the Wallaroo District, who said that to be properly represented it should have six members. (Laughter.) It now had 5,402 votes, and three members. What was proposed was to divide the district, and make the Wallaroo District comprise the Hundreds of Wallaroo and Kadina, with two members ; while a new district with two more members was made out of the other parts of Yorke's Peninsula— the fannin-* districts. As to Port Adelaide, which had 3,909 votes, it only became necessary to make an alteration because of alterations in the Districts of trictof Port Adelaide would be as at present, exclusive of the northern portion of the District Council oi Woodville, the western portion of the District Council of Yatala South[(which would be added to the Electoral District of West Torrens), a small por tion of the District {Council of ProsDect fadded to the Electoral District of North Adelaide) , and the western portion of Yatala North and the northern portion of the Hundred of Port Adelaide (outside District Councils), added to the Electoral District of Yatala. The new District of West Torrens would be as at present, together with the northern portion of the District Council of Woodville and the western portion of the District Council of Yatala South taken from the Electoral District of Port Adelaide exclusive of a portion of the District Council of Prospect, added to the Electoral District of North Adelaide; the eastern portions of the Dis trict Councils of Yatala North and Yatala South, added to the Electoral District of Yatala. The new District of Yatala would be as at present, together with the eastern portions of he District Councils of Yatala North and Yatala South, taken from the Electoral District of West Torrens ; the western portion of the District Council of Yatala North, and the northern portion of the Hundred of Port Adelaide (outside District Councils) taken from the Electoral District of Port Adelaide ; and the eastern portion of the District Council of Mudla Wirra North, taken from the Electoral Dis trict of Light. These alterations would make the suburban districts a little more compact, and so far as he knew there had been no objection raised against any of the proposed changes. As far as East Torrens was concerned there was to be little altera tion. Walkerville, with 319 electors, would be transferred to North Adelaide, and it would leave East Torrens still with 4.3S5 members. (Mr. Play ford—' Bigger than West Adelaide.') It was indeed a magnificent district, and magnificently repre sented. (Laughter and Hear, hear.) As to Light, very little alteration was made, except to deprive it of one member. (Cries of 'Which?') That was too delicate a task for the Government. They would leave that to t be electors. (Laughter.) The Government thought that having three members for one district was an anomaly, and they therefore proposed to have only two, and Light would still be weu represented, as it only had about 2,800 voters while the Burra had about 6,000. The Government proposed to make the District of Light as at present exclusive of the eastern portion of the District Council of Mudla Wirra North, added to the Elec toral District of Yatala, together with portion of the Hundreds of English and Eba, taken from Burra, owing to alteration of county boundary. This would leave the District of Light with « 77' adult males instead of 2,856, as at present. As far as two districts, as he had said, and the new District o Yorke's Peninsula was to comprise the whole of th- County of Fergusson, the Hundreds of Tipara Clinton, Kulpara, and Ninnes, the Althorpe Islands and Troubridge Shoal, taken from the Electoral Dis trict of Wallaroo. The District of Wallaroo would remain as at present, except from the loss of the district just described as Yorke's Peninsula. No. 20 was the Burra, whose present male adult population was 6,023, while that of the altered district would be 3,325. The district would be as at present, exclusive of the Hundred of Caltowie added to the new Electoral District of Gladstone ; tb' Hundreds of Gumbowie, Parnaroo, and Hardy that portion of the County of Kimberley east of the latter hundred, that portion of the County of DU housie south of the Hundreds of Eurelia, OIaddi« and Yalpara, added to the new Electoral District of Frome ; and the Hundreds of Eurelia, Oladdie, and lalpara, added to the new electoral district of New castle ; also, portion of the Hundreds of English and Eba, added to Electoral District of Licht, owin' tc alteration of county boundary. So with Stanlev' whose present adult males numbered 4,7C9. It would be as at present, exclusive of the Hundreds of Bundaleer, Narridy, Crystal Brook, Wan dearah, Yangya, Booyoolie, Napperuy, ani Pine, and portion of the County of Vic toria east of the Hundred of Napperby, addel to the new Electoral District of Gladstone. Glad stone was a, new district, which would have 2,542 male adults. It comprised the Hundreds of Pirie Napperby, Booyoolie, Yangya, Bundaleer, Narridy! Crystal Brook, and Wandearah, and that portion of the County of Victoria east of the Hundred of J-apperby, taken from the Electoral District of Stanley, and the Hundred of Caltowie, taken from the Electoral District of Burra. Frome was also a new district, with 3,752 electors, comprising all that portion of the County of Frome south of the Hun dreds of Davenport, Woolundunga, Willochra, and Pinda, taken from the Electoral District of Flinders ? all that portion of the County of Dalhousie south of the Hundreds of Eurelia, Oladdie, and Yalpara. the Hundreds of Gumbowie, Parnaroo, and Hardy ani. that portion of the County of Kimberley east of the Hundred of Hardy, taken from the Electoral District of Burra ; the County of Herbert, and the country east of the Counties of Kimberley and Her bert, taken from the Electoral District of Flinders. Newcastle, too, was a new dbtrict. with 3 553 electors, and it comprised the whole of the Counties of Newcastle, Granville, Blachford, Hanson. Derby and Lytton, the Hundreds of Davenport, Woolun uuutii, uuiocara, nnaa, ana uoonatto, together with that portion of the province east of the Counties of Derby and Lytton, taken from the Electoral District of Flinders; the Hundreds of Eurelia, Oladdie, and Yalpara, taken from the Electoral District of Burra. Flinders would remain as at present, exclusive of the new Electoral Districts of Newcastle and Frome, excepting the County of Dalhousie and the Hundreds of Gum bowie, Parnaroo, and Hardy, and that portion of the County of Kimberley east of the latter Hundred previously included in the Electoral District of Burra. Flinders, out of which Frome and Newcastle were substantially carved, had at present 7,702 adult males, and the altered district would have 2.SI0. Most hon. members being seriously interested iri the matter, no doubt they had carefully considered u, so as to enable theni to deal thoroughly with the gill without any further explanation from him. and in Committee the details could be fully discussed. The Government had adopted the views' of the Electoral instructs Commission altogether, and the hon. Irfr ?£? East Torrens was the only member who «. n^^n duty to PTOTide foro^errepresenta »w- !£ if1 ,** 'aaer-representation, and that Steonue good, txiis-nug it better to do so sad get nothing than try for the next-best thing and get something. ( Mr. Playford—' No.'l The hon. member did not put it in those words, but his arguments, carried to their legitimate conclusion, brought the House to that. The Government thought it was better, under the circumstances to make it their .principal arm to give those districts insufficiently represented adequate representation, and that in view of great public works being cirried out, and the alteration of the population indifferent parts of the colony, it was unnecessary now to make any more districts. That was a matter for future investigation and .legislation, and the Government thought it unwise to delay the observance of the claims of those proposed to be beneflted under the Bill by mixing up other considerations with it. (Hear, hear.) Mr. FURNER said that the Attorney-General seemed to imply that be had agreed to the Bill as it stood at present, bec*SBehe did not put his vote on record against it. He thought most hon. mem bers would consider that it was unfair to divide the District of Wallaroo as had been suggested. The evidence submitted to the Commission by Mr. Christmas and one or two oi&ers; was really after all something worth consideriEg. What he would advocate was the division of the district into three parts, each having two members, tad then no more than justice would be done to the electors. He would just point to the fact that the alterations proposed were entirely in the interest of the fanners, and hi the whole House there were only two representatives of the miniag industry which was very unfair. The proposed division of the district was being protested against by meetings throughout the electorate, and when the nutter was considered it was absurd that the Hundreds of Wil tunga, Wokuma, andTickera should be tacked on to otanleywith which they had no community of inte rest. They would then have no polling-place nearer thanSnowtown, so that not a single resident of the hundreds would be able to exercise his vote. He would strike a line north of Maitland, and the southern part of Yorke's Peninsula could be tacked on to the District pf Flinders, whose interests were identical with that part of the Peninsula ; and then ne would strike a line dividing Moonta from Wal laroo and Kadina, between .which places there had always been 1a strong rivalry, and a person seeking to represent the district would sometimes eeta strong support ,in one town and none in the other. The districts thus made would be proportionate in Srfr^nfi?^^ PO-P^011- The interest to be represented by_ these districts was one of much im portance and it ?would be policy for the House to consider the advisability of increasing its represen tation^ .With respect to the Reneral question con td ft.016,.?'1' he conld not d^at from it protest of the hon. member for East Torrens, and it would only be fair to take away some of the re presentation from over- represented districts. -(Hear, He thought if the mining interest in the South were prosperous, as it bade fair to be, and popula tion were attracted to that part of the colony, there would be no ground for complaint about the over representation of the South: and if there were any decrease in the population of the North in consequence of the partial failure of cultivation, the disproportaon which was at present complained of would probahly be pretty well adjusted. He urged that the suggestion he had made in regard to the Peninsula should be adopted; and he pointed out £at there would be at least 2,000 voters in each aistnct, and that was a larger number than were in some of the districts on the schedule. As the other members of the Committee were against him on this point, he thought it would be best to lay the matter t-efore the House and appeal to their generosity. .Hear, hear, and laughter.) Mr. GILBERT moved the adjournment of the debate. ?*.**- ubM»»vu iioa aujuuxiitjii uii Liiursciay. ADJOURNMENT. The House, at twenty-five minutes past 5 o'clock, adjourned till next day at 2 p.m. 