CHAPTER V. Bed and lurid, like a flame of fire, the herald of a scorching day, came the sunrise, in the morning. Those who have never seen a drought in the interior of Australia, can form no conception of the ruinous scourge which, like a pestilence, de- vastates the land. When severe, the squatter loses his all ; flocks which have cost him years of careful study, die famished before his eyes ; and Riverina, that in good seasons is the very garden of Australia, becomes a naked waste, dotted with the bleaching bones of perished herds. When the baked earth cracks and gapes for moisture, and birds fall exhausted from the wilted branches ; when the pine stems bleed, and the gum leaves fairly " hiss for rain" when the hollow thunder roars on the brittle air, and the fierce dry lightnings flash on a brazen sky ; then there is drought upon the land. When the car- rion birds grow fat on the flesh of perished flocks, and the full-paunched dingo howls by the water- less pool ; when the zephyrs sigh through the languid leaves, laden with nauseous odours of the dead ; and the human skin, parched and crac- ing, fosters in the stagnant air ; then there is drought, fierce and relentless drought, upon the land. At the time of Percy's advent to Bundura, New South Wales was passing through one of these droughts. At Bundura, the effects were not disastrous, for the run had always been very much understocked. Grass was sufficient, and as for water, the river and the lake prevented any anxiety on that score. In all the surroundings for hundreds of miles, the havoc had been dread- ful. Many squatters had been ruined, and many more, in order to carry on, had contracted heavy debts which would encumber their properties for many years. A few, very few, came almost un- maimed from the struggle. Amongst those few was Mr. Leigh, and this happy consummation was due simply to the fact that he kept his run understocked. The promise of the morning was fully re- deemed, for as the day grew the heat became intense. All laborious occupations were sus- pended, Mr. Leigh remarking that " It was too hot for any white man to work." Consequently, Percy had the whole day to in- spect the premises, and the immediate neigh- bourhood, with which he made himself thoroughly acquainted. That night a storm, gathered which, after booming and flashing for an hour, dispersed without a drop of rain falling, though the air was slightly cleared and freshened by the electric passages. The next few days were spent by Percy in gaining a good knowledge of the run. Mr. Leigh told him that he could either go with M'Donald or take Charley as a guide, and catch- ing the eager expression of the latter's face, Percy chose Charley. A few days later Percy, with his guide, was exploring the northern side of the run ; that part of it which lay amongst the Harden ranges. They were riding along the boundary fence over hills and gullies, and enjoying the scenery, when Charley stopped suddenly, at the same time pointing to the figure of a man, who was approaching them from the opposite side of the fence. The pedestrian, who seemed lost in thought, had not yet noticed the horsemen. On becoming aware of their presence, he started slightly in surprise, and for an instant seemed inclined to sneak into the scrub, but seeing that he was already observed, he came straight for- ward, and with a surly " Good-day" passed on towards Bundura. " Well, I declare," exclaimed Charley, " that was Bully Pete ; I never thought he would have courage to come here again. It's very strange" " I don't see anything to be afraid of here, Charley ; and what is there strange in the fact that a man who has no occupation should be seen wandering amongst these hills ?" " If it had been anybody but Peter, I should not have been surprised ; but I did not expect to see him here." " What is there peculiar in Peter's case ? what is the mystery ?" " Oh, yes, I forgot. Of course you have not heard the story. If you like I'll tell it you as we ride along." " Do ; I should much like to hear it. But no ghost affairs if you please." " Well, whether it is what you would call a ghost story or not, I do not know, but here it is." It is not the intention of the writer to repro- duce Charley's narrative " mot a mot," but the following is the substance. " You can see from where we stand, that the ravine which opens on the opposite side of the fence, is only about a quarter of a mile in length, and it terminates at the far end in an abrupt wall. You can also see that lodge which runs, across the wall horizontally, and the cave which is situated above the centre of the ledge ?" " Yes, I can make it all out, distinctly." " Now the ledge is narrow, while the cave in side is large and roomy. I have never seen the interior of the cave ; I have gained my infor- mation indirectly from the only man who is known to have visited it. " About 12 years ago a rather decent looking man, who had been for some time prospecting for gold in this and the surrounding districts, called at Bundura and asked to see the master. The man's name was Sandy M'Gregor, and the object of his visit was to ask papa's consent to reside on the run for a time as he felt sure there was a payable reef not far from the surface, and close under that wall of pipeclay. Papa readily consented, and never gave the man another thought, until one dismal night in the following winter, when M'Gregor came to the station in a great state of excitement, and asked once more to see the master. He was white as a sheet, and almost exhausted from running." (TO BE CONTINUED .) 