i SCflOOLOFARTS. '4 ? ' i 'c^i1 if-'-'* Tax. first Meeting of the Committee of the retnora- School of Arts was held oo Saturday evening last at Mr. Jackson's Restaurant. Present: Messrs* t. '-'Bagley fChairmanj, Lindeman, Swano, Cullen, Cosgrove, Wehr, and Niebel (Secretary). The minutes of the last meeting having ueen read and confirmed, the Secretary reported having received the following letter from the Department of Public.Inistrnction, explaining on what terms the Government subsidy is paid to similar institutions. Department of Public Instruction, , Sydney! 6th October, 1882, Sir,— Adverting to your letter of the 25th ultimo, respecting the establishment of a School of Arts at Temora, I am directed to acquaint you that the Government grants aid to Buch institutions in the proportion of £l to every £2 raised by private cash contribu* tione, and that it is usual, in tbe first instance, to make application to thiB Depart ment when the institution has been actually established and opened. The number of subscribers and a list of the books in the library should also be furnished. It is further necessary that the probable amount of collections expected to be received during the year should be given, in Order that a proportionate amount may be placed on the Estimates in Chief, for tbe consideration of Parliament. When that amount shall have been voted, the Committee of Management will be apprised in terms of the accompanying printed letter, forwarding form of application in wiiich a detailed list of collections must be given. It must be mentioned that only donations in cash are admissible in the statement pre sented for aid upon which endowment can be calculated, and consequently, no amounts for rent of haU, sale of waste paper, proceeds of lectures or entertainments at the haU of whatever kind, or gifts of land, are to be iucluded in the list. I am to add that the Government does not interfere in the constitution, or the manage ment of the institution, beyond reserving the right of inspection to see that (he money granted has been properly applied to the purpose for which it was voted. The management is vested in a committee elected at a meeting of subscribers convened for the purpose, at which the necessary rules for the Government of the institution are usually considered. I am, &c;,, 6\. MILLER, For Under Secretary. Mr. a T. Niebel, Hon. Sec. School of Arts, Temora. After some discussion it was decided that the Committee should meet for the transac tion of business on every first Saturday in the month ; and, in order to raise funds for the purchase of books, a resolution was adopted that the members of the Committee should induce as many members of the School of Aits to pay a quarter's subscription in advance instead of at present for a month. A Committee of three, consisting of Messrs. Swann, Lindeman, andCulIen were appointed to draw up a programme for tbe proceedings at the School of Arts' soirees ou Mouday evenings, The question of where the meetings of the meinliere of the School of Arts should be held wns next deah with. Mr. Swann submitted that owiug to the difficulty of approach and other obvious reasons the hall of the Good Templars' Lodge was tint the most convenient one ; and Mr. Wehr stated from his own knowledge he could say from the very fact, that the meetings of the memoes had tieen held in tbc Good Templars' Lodge, a suspicion appeared to have gained ground that the School of Arts was somehow affiliated with the Lodge, and a certain amount of prejudice had thus been engendered which ncted prejudicially against their institution. There wore two empty buildings in town, one belonging to Mr. Oartin, the other to tbe late Mr. McEvoy which might prove suitable, which were central and easily accessible, and wkioh probably could be secured for a few hours in the evening for a trifling sum. On the motion of Mr. Swann, Messrs. Lindeman, Bagley, and Wehr were appointed a Hub-committee to make all arrangements that might be required, Mr. Lindemaa hoped that tfce Subcom mittee would not take any action -which would hamper the whole Committee, as tin Cuaucial position of the institution precluded any heavy rent being paid. Mr. Swann expressed af his opinion that if a Sub-committee were entrusted with certain duties it wosiri bs best to leave them . to carry them out, Mr. Wehr suggested that as ffie Public School tents were about to be removed to- the centre of the town, tbe Department of Public Instruction might possibly grant the institution tbe loan of one of them' for the evenings, and the Secretary received instruc tions to write to the Under Secretary of the Lwpartment on the subject. A resolution was tbo passed tbat all cheques on behalf of tie institution must be signed by the Treasure*, and countersigned by the President or Secretary. Mr. Swann gave notice that Jie would! move at the next meeting of the Committee' that the distinction batwsefe tire constitution and the bye-laws, of tta metitstion be defined. The meeting then adjourned till Saturday, 4th November. r Oravojdablt held over : A letter of Mr. S. Kearney's to the Progress Committee,- and a sub-leader ou the appointment of- local magistrates. m Sh. James Robert Crawford lite been appointed Government Medical Officer and Vactinator for the district of Temora, vice Dr. Shaw, resigned. The tender of S. Cord well for the removal from their present site, and retraction of the school tettta on the land resumed- for the purpose in DeBoos-etreet, has been accepted. Toe slander 'attion MttlWIy v. Abigail has bean discoatinaed; (says 'Che' Oootamun dm Liberal) defendant having pleaded 'privilege of Parliament.' Why does Mr. MulUlly not get the authors of the slander ? TIm-v arr n-nrth f 'iO— aWntf tjj» co«t* . iHTMmeetiiig»for]tbeprooibt debts, &c;, will be held in the folbwiijg insolent estates at the Court-room, Sydney;— W. B. J. SiiBs, innkeeper, FoingTon Friday, 17th Novembers Mary Jane Rochester, Henry Morton, Frederick H. Jackson, 'of Godta mundra, brewers, on Wednesday, 290i November nexti jut mcujuers oi ute wnurcn oi £jigiana resident at Barmedman will be pleased to learn that under an arrangement recently wived at that locality has been attached to the Temora parish, and that accordingly the Rev. M. Gray in the course of his ministra tion will attend there to hold Divine Services me Sunday in every month. Mb. GeOi Eldred, who for some consider ible time conducted this journal in the early stage of its existence, and who for some years past has been favourably known to the literary world Of the colony as the Editor of the Wagga Wapga Exfbbss, has purchased the Narrandera Argus, and we cordially congratulate the readers ot that journal upon the acquisition. Mb. J. W. James, C.E.( having completed his labonrs with reference to the water snpply of Temora, is removing his camp from here to Cootamundra on its way to Forbes, «rbere we understand he proposes to put a weiratftttB tbc river Lachlan. Mr. James will henceforth only visit town occasionally for tbe purpose of inspecting the progress of the work at the Ironbark reservoir) where Mr. J. Ri Rigg, as hitherto, will act as Clerk of Works, We regret to learn from our metropolitan exchanges that the Hon. S. C. Brown M.L.C., nntil recently Postmaster-General of the present Administration, died of apoplexy on Monday. Mr. Brown for many years occupied a seat in tbe Assembly ; and — no small encomium for a colonial polititiean — during the whole of bis parliamentary career bis upright conduct secured him the respect of all parties. In his private capacity the (abject of this brief notice was a solicitor in a leading practice in the metropolis, Octr neighbouring town of Young is in tbe throes of a municipal elections, and in the list of candidates we find the names of W. Sharp, W. J. Hills, J. Gordon, J. Russell, and others well-known to a large number of resideute. The poll took place yesterday, and after the turmoil of tbe day and its fatigues, we fancy we dimly beard the clinking of glasses, and the carolling of many voices, in old Harry Minter'e back parlour, and a general ' We won't go home till morning ' air about the staid burgners of the town in honour of the occasion! A Vert pleasant social party was on Mon day evening given by Mft; Ward, wf the Club Hotel, for the purpose of giving the friends of Mr. and Mrs. Able an opportunity of bidding good-bye to them previous to their departure for Sydney, where Mr. Able is about to' take charge of an establishment recently purchased there by Mr. Mackenzie, of Young. A considerable number of guests attended in answer to Uic invitations issued, and spent the time in a thoroughly enjoyable manner, until at an early hour of the morn ing leave was taken of the hospitable enter tainer by the guests of the evening. We arc gratified to find that A want which was likely to mako itself seriously felt in many families since Mrs. O'Rourke relin quished her music lessons, has been speedily supplied by a lady who comes with the highest testimonials as to her abilities as a teacher of music and singing. Mrs. Bootes, tho lady referred to, lins lreeii a resident of Parkes, where a highly nattering testimonial was presented to her on her departure, from which we are justified to assume that she will prove a great acquisition to the town, aud we have no doubt that a large number of parents will avail themselves of the oppor tunity of having a sound musical education iinpatred to their children. The concert arranged to be given by the children attending the Church of England Sunday School for the purpose of raising funds for the purchase of some necessary school requisites as well as to give the children a treat will come off this evening in the Church of England building, and will, we hope, receive the patronage of die general public, if only with the object of gratifying the little ones by a full house, and of contri buting a trile towards their enjoyment at the stfbseqcteut picnic The latter, we learn, bus been fixed for to-morrow ; and, in the present genial state of tha weather, it may be anticipated that tbe attendance on that occasion will leave nothing tc wish for. The attendance at the School of Aria debate on Monday evening last was not quite up to the average, white on the other hand the subject in hand: 'whether Protect tion or Free Trade was more conducive to the interest of the Australia colonies,' elicited much more attention than has jfet been psM to any pftviotfs theme. The argument io favour of 'Protection was taken np fay Messrs. MeColt, Ifegley, Swann, Cullen sad Quinn,- wm4- a Free Trade policy was defended by Messrs, Wehr, Knox, and Harris. The ooxvERSAZtoyE proved too short to finish the debate, and ib continua tion was therefore adjonrnecrfor * fortnight. Next Monday the Rev. M. Gray will deliver a lecture ou 'Culture,' and Mr. Swann will discourse ou 'Light,' two subjects which ahoul* provide *fineintellec:- tnal entertainment. We beg to' remind parties' wishing' to tender for any mail routes in this district, that their tenders uvustue lodged with the Postmaster-General by noon on Tuesday oext, 24th instant. Mail contract! referred to : — Young and Monteagle, via 5-mile and 10-mile, twice a week,- and to' and from Monteagle and Brundah, via landra, once a week ; Qrenfell and Mareiien'atwicen week ; Grenfell, and Brundah Creek twice a. week ; Grenfell, MorangorelT, and West Temora, via MoonbnceaandNarraburr»,-oneeaweek ; Morangorell ud B*rtnednuui,.-m Taraogttey once* week* Cootamundra to West Tetnoru, *i« Iftr^rV, Gerntdn, Gmg»n. and K»rta: bun*, Stations, returning to CootunundrA via North Gundtbindyal, Woodstown, Gun djbindyalt and StoddnVmdgsl, twice a week J Temora add ljo#ef Temora seven times a week ; Temora and Sarmedmaa three tunes iweekT' ' ?-^'-??--??'-?w^'-^'T'1?;'^--1'- ''' r Ok Monday bet Mr. ,t. Wi 'tfsaiet, ti.B., handed over to the Progress* Committee the reservoir Jroown as O'Shannaasy and BgSn'*, resumed some -time ago' ittythtS Government for the purpose of A camping ground, together^ with two of the huts erected in.tbe vicinity On a reserve' ot 50 acres and the pumping gear Sud duming. In the transfer it wa« distinctly mentioned that the, reservoir wif; granted for the ase of the stock of , carriers, that may have occasion to cairip there, and that the police would prosecute all parties that may contravene the intention of the Government by carting water from the reservoir-^a very wise precaution in our estimation, as Otherwise the supply would very quickly be exhausted. One of the huts given by tlie Government to the Progress Committee is intended! to be shifted to the reservoir now in course of construction at the Ironbarks, and an application has been made by the Secretary to Mr. James to interest himself with the Department of HarbtfuB and Rivers to have' d *utK not exceeding £8 set aside to cover tile experts* of effecting this work, as in the absence of municipal institutions there are no funds available for the purpose. A renewed effort is being made by tlie' police authorities ia bring tlie dastardly outrage perpetrated' in September, 1880 at Junee Reefs, and known as the Bylong myo tery home to the perpetrators. A young man. named James Giles, son of the late T. J. Gilts whOj as our readers will remember,- died from the effects of poison administered by himself while under a charge of complicity in the affair, was brought up in the police court, on remand from' Wagga, on Monday last charged with being an accomplice in the' murder of tire valuable rice horse; but, owing to the' absence of a material witness, the prisoner' was remanded for 8 days, bait of £40 himself, add two* sureties of £20, being allow eS. The prisoners Boles and' Butler, who were brought up some time since trud discharged for want of conclusive evidence, have atso been brought before the Wagga Police' Court oua charge of conspiring to kill the same borse ; and iu face of the fate of the previous charge' brought against these' ineh, it wiftild perhaps' be worthy of ; tlie consideration of the police authorites whethtrit would not be more conducive to' the ends of justice if their present prisoner* James Giles were included in tht indictment against Bales and Butler,- instead of proser, cuting the present charge against hint; We anticipated that the Tetaofa1 apologist for the tfltra veracity oi the telegraphic cor' respondenoe appearing in the S. M. HsraUj' and hailing from- this goldSeld, would enter * up a defence for the specially truthful state-' ment appearing in the^coluruiis of , that journal that the crushing ot the Madame Hancox reef went 1J ozs. instead of. 4 at. Here is the way it is done r ' That self-dubbed independent journalist is again at the unfortunate correspondent of S. M. Heb*lo. This time ho takes him to' task for the report of a trial crushing fronr the Madams Hancox Reef, which is made to appear U ozs. to the ton instead of J or. Had the telegraphic fault-finder enquired at the local telegraph office it would havesayett 201inesoftawddle, but we (Temora HfiRALn)' suppose it didn't snh him. It is-remarkacle but tilie- tiiit Mrs. Hancox, the lady alter' whom the reef is called, is this Upper Tetnbrn' . agent for the Hebald, and sells ,» l&rgo;/ nuirfber of copies. But of course that la mo cause for the Star's depreciation of her bus-' band's reef ; that ubbrai. journalist con-' ducts his journal on quite' a different basis.' v Wemcfely hjtvetoremerk tKst it Munejc*- ? pectednews to us thftt tlie officers employed in the' loiBal Telegraph Office 'are quite as ' commnnicative as the above Would lead or to believe ; and with ref erence'to JhejHHnber' of copies of the Hbbm.o (we do »iot know whether the Hej^li/ fh« greateV, p- JH^ALtf , - the less, is meant) is irat the inference ,«i to theobjectot the teli^jfcWcorreipwideht in reporting an ex«Kg«rate^ yield' tniae ,- altogether too plain-* By, fl» -'*»y-S^B* about the ghost of the 'Bannedman pul veriser' that must have haunted the iuuguia tion of the telegraphic oorresponde«:a» lie ' V rcrwrts its pat^e through town^n'Tnnrs- ?:? day lust-awhile In '''rMiajp-ib^^rt^li-'-'-'; - ' hardly likely that we can lie^^^ar^ the well proved cipscity for iorentiottcf the . ?; esteemed personage referred to, * ' -b - .'..-'i A oobreswjkdest writes to the J&:3JV~ ,£ Herald :— About a twelve-month since 4 j| had a Newfoondland dog poisoned by *bych- : : ;| nine, and c*red him by ane dose of iodine— ? a deem BpoonrtS. *ttiere -^«:*i-1;*Bii6?fif ''' - : ; ?'? about this, as my neighbour told me he had - placed poisoned meat the other 4S6e «f onr /.: fence, and the dog in. questiOD. got Ihrough' '. . Ute fence and picked up some of therneat, and ' '. AF! was hi all the agonies of mtayebaine jxrison-- .A ing. last week there were several drg« V poisoned at Garcoat— seven or eight iot them. They all died but one, and that one had a . , . dose of iodine given ;him by my son, whp! ''.- . 1 remembered the cue of our own doi; some' ' ' twelve months since. - ''.} -} A nuuKB of our acquaintance (o.yr the Bondaberg Star) speaks very confidently of the good qualities of the decoction /of h\ue gum- leaves as a tonic ix cases of aieknws . . ' | flis wife htd been far some time very sickf ?;.: when a friend recommended him to give het tea brewed6 from bine iram leaves, when' tlte - effect upon her Iras 'almost miracnioHs,- , Since then she has not been ailing.!, He has also experienced similar benefits from the ? ' remedy in cases of ailment to himself. A correspondent to a southern contemporary states that he is acquainted *S& three persons who bad been thoroughly cared of ' rheumatism by sleepiSg o* StA mide* entirely of theteleavd. Those nsedweteof a round shape, growing oa yoncg' pUnt*,- »od.»e«^J|fe;i5i^o^.;-:-It;i».4)i^3a»i*_rt ?-. . ..-??-? that * daces of tbest-. learesyniaile iato,* ,- ? - : decottioii-oi te» ar«.gwi ipr » «W *»~fy .- . ''.'''-.'?''. iofUmri «?-«?, __? ? -. '-V-:'. ?-*...-;.' ' ; -.. ,:. .,:'-,? 