BROUqHT BACK TO THE WORLD. '(Concludeid.) Rachel was a young woman with a long look ahead; and far away out of Cherry Gardens Court it was, and with never a sinilo upon it to make it comfortable. It was not a frown, only a steady grave stare which was scarcely pleasant to watch, and made one ,wondor what there was beyond. I thought she was sorry for her wild dash at the river, but did not care to speak of it to anybody, or elso that she was brooding very deeply on tihe reason for it all, the reason tlat mght exist still far away in the distance at which she was looking steadily. If she ever smiled, or tried to smile, it-was when I met her on the stairs or in the street, and there was a cheery ring in her voice wheni bho: bade me good morning or good evening,; just as if she took it for granted that I was a friend, and had a claim upon the life I had; sot working again in Cherry Gardens Court. 'I did not tell Mrs. Twitters her history, orý the 'fragmeint of itthat I knew: "a friend! from' the country," with a week's rent paid. in 'ndvance; had been quite suflicient for my! landlady, and 'Rachel Seeley was not one to: extract much information from. " S" She's nice and' quiet," Mrs. Twitters saidt to me, "and don't give a mite of trouble;"; butMrs. Twitters was as deceitful as the sex, speaking iiiatiithropically; for once, when she thought I was not at home, I heard heri sily to a neighbor in the court-Mrs. Risbeck, vho' dealt in ladies' and gentlemen's left-oiff 'wearing apparel, aid na adlways to be met in town with'a dropsical black bag-" that' SMrs.- Secley gaive her the creeps, 'sitting. like a himage, with never a word oming out' of her mouith;,if she could help it." s oul atie Onrs WeeKt, ton was; t1e ecomnd, I was, taken bad with rheumatic fever, and did not have much time for observation. It caine late to me, but it was surely caught by! m'y river exploit, the doctor said ;.and theni I grew worse and worse, and did not mind what anybody told me, although the general chorus was that I was at death a door, and! it ~as open for mo nice and wide. I thought it" iight as well open as not, if I could only see Em and Em's children first, and ask Em'' husband to be' kind to them always if heo would, and for the old man's sake as well as theirs. : : [ . I lost count' of a week or two prescntly,i for :when I came to myself I was told that Emu. had been up to.see me, and stayed as long as leave of absence had been granted by her husband, who was anxious to gt her back again as soon as sloe hiad left him, and that I did smot know.lher, but made faces at Sherofinly. Em was only reconciled to leav ing me againby the fact that Iwas in careful :lands,' and by tlhe promise that if any change for tlhe worst should show itself, she was to bo telegraphed to-on the instant, and this Rachel Seeley promised her. . .There was no' ocasion to telegraph,. I got Sbetter slowly, and thanks to Rachel, whoso werecthe "careful hands" alluded to by Em. Never was there such a nurse as sie; so kind, and gentle, and considerate; so thoughtless of herself and her own health in her incessant" applicationi to me; so full of grief when I was at my worst, they said; so full of joy when I was on the mend, and showing always'.somd: rare strange bright looks to those who were interested in my coiing round. It was astonishing how kind everybody had been, too, during my illness. I had had no :idea there was such a lotof good and thought ful. people down Cherry Gardens Court, and oven in the world:outside of it.' Putting aside Em and Em's husband, who, of course, 'wrote, up that I was to want for, nothing, there was MIrs. Twitters to make me broths, and Mrs. Risbeck to bring me extra blankets for my bed,.and all the boys who lived in the court, and were in the habit of shouting after .me " Old .Daddy .Habbajam," to take their, :marbles and buttons, andhop-scotch to theend of the thoroughfare, so that their noise should not rob me of the rest I needed ; and there' was Rachel Seeley, of course, and one! Swhom I had only known a week before my; 'illness came upon te. She, I have said, was invaluable to me, and everything that could be wished ; and everybody said so, too, and * lot me know it.. :" They tell me I should have died withlond you, Rachel," I remarked when I was allowed to sit up and looked about me; "and I be' lieve I should." . . "onesensol" she replied curtly enough; "I was sure you would live through it, frooi the first; I told them so." "All, you have pulled me through." " Well, if I have, I am glad," she. an. swered. "It's tit for tat, like, isn'tit "I said.. She had been almost cheerful till I said Sthat, and then sh3 looked dull and grave, and' black at once. To remind her of that Do comber..night of desperation was always to cast her into gloom, although she did not seek to evade the subject when it was before her. Slhe only looked as if the memory gave' .her pain, but a pain which she was called upon t6 bear. i ' . .. "No, it is not tit for tat; I can never re 'pay' you." Evn - your illness has been all my SI don't'see that."" " "Ye s, ou' do, only you will not own it andl ou e been." sh. added, " o a verdy kdiud,tthe only. friend I have. ver had, that if you'lýd died, I don't know what would havej become ofme." T':'" Tat''a'goo'd one,' that is, I replied. r 'didd'not know wihat nas a good one, but. I 'could not think of any response at the mo-! .ment, andd-I. dwelt .upon her words all the' restlof.the day, anudlct ,thsem harass me,at night. It was so strange to bo thought any-! ithing of nowsave by Em dow in Devon-. shiro'; 'it had seemed of so little account, of no account, whetler I was out of the world or in it; it',was so unlikely that anyone would miss .me saveBill ,Hump when he' came .to,take his morning'a spell at pier work,. and 'found I was off night duty, and never :coming back ughin-that I could not get her ,words out of my head. There was so much 'gratitude to them, and there was so much' :felifig foi me,'that I felt"glad I had not be'ehn carted away by the ' parish, but' was creeping round to my old self. And when I' 'wais .qtite rouned, it.was satisfactory to see .tlht'.she was. very pleased, and that I heard lier oneo say, "Thank God for it," as ifI was something she'd been praying for. Fancy -anyone praying' for' old Habbajam ! I cbuld 'hav :dicd'bf.laughicg.at'the idea, if it wasn't for some bab tears which seemed to come up in my eyes instead; : I went baclk to work; finding night'duty the' hardest job at first for anyone in the afover'line' of business, but getting used to it by degrees again, and thankful'that the con.. pany had kept.tho.place open for me, con sidering the reason which had firt put me on tho sloelf. '': ' - '" " :':' : " i.' SI don't.know that I was over much happier lwhenI had. settled down really:to business, or ever felt that I had miore of a home about ,me. :- Certainly.not' since iny 'poor wife's death--"nothing like it. Rachel Seelcy made things so comfortable, seemed to anticipate my little wants so quickly, was always up and doing when I came back from duty, and had tea or coffee waiting for me, just as Emn's mother would lave done had she lived to this day. Rachel was part of home -all the home I had. She had mado life worth caring about again; I began to think that Cherry Gardens Court would be a blessed dull place without her, for she cheered me up witllout being cheerful.herself, save by a flash like, whic whiwas gone as soon as it ihad comlle. I never know a woman moro colm Spletely friendless thlan 'herselfi' noboydy scemod to ask for. her, to write to her; she wreote to nobody, and mnade no freshb friends. Out of doors, and away from the dark little room in the close court in Snowfields, she would not stir if she could help it, and she was na timid after.dark, they said-I never. noticed it myself-as any childl. Well, I guess the reader knows what was in tile wimd about this time; that I was falling in love with a woman young enough to be my daughter, that I was getting on to behave like an old fool, which is one of the worst of fools, for I have tried it myself, and the proverb's as nuccrate as any that I know of. And I "out with it," too, after one or two nights' calm reflection on the pier, with the mop and pail for company, and the lights on the river winking at me, as muchll as to say, 'Wecll, you are a run un, Habbnjam "--at least, I could fancy they were saying it. I told Rachel Seoley that I had got very fond of her, and that I didn't see any particu lar reason against our making a match of it, unless it was that slheo hated old men very much indeed, and me as much as most of theme. I said we both seemed out of tihe world ratlher more than anybody else, and that we were both very friellndless; that she had nobody totlinkof her, and I had only Em, who was a good two hulndred mniles off. anld, of course, thouogitof nothing but herchildren and her husbhnd, except at Christmas, when she sent me two rabbits, a bottle of ketchup of her own making, and some slices of cold plum pudding whih never agreed with me. I said and thought that Racliel and I would be happier together, that we understood each other, and that together our little earnings would tmake us comfortabler, with one fire to keep up and one rent to pay; and that if all this had never crossed her mind before, per haps she would let it from that time, and uon tile she got used to it a bit. ?haneol istenetd patiently; I can soee her now with her hands clasped together, and lier gaze directed to thorem steadily and even sternly. She did not blush in the least, she was not embarrassed; she was even cold and steely over the proposal, as one might be who had been offered a situation that was neither worth hanving nor refusing. "You think you' would he reallyh ppy Mr. Habtqajm, withe me ?" sho nskod slowly at last. "I am sure Ishould." "Thmt I could make this more like homo to youn'" • . 'Dceidedly you could." "I shouldn't mind for.myself:-for I don't care abbut myself in ainy way-ond if yeou think :it' nvonld be otter, I don't object at all, she, said, witli,too much indifference to make me explode into raptures at herconsent to my propossal. '"'", -omp E sx a ly. •Thank yout Rehlst-thank yeou," Istammered forth . ' ,!y life seems tohelong'ttboyous you have said veryoften," she continued, sodly, "nnid you may share it with your own, if you carn to do so. Nobody has so great a right. And I will try to keep yeou from over saying 'I wos sorry that I asked her.' But--" I Then she stopped, and I thought her face looked whiter and harder than I had oeve seen it till that morneing. "?ut-- whot ?" I echoed. "But you must not worry me with any, questions of my past-my life before I knsc you," slie went on; "you must be satisfied that it is past, and that I will not thiik of it! if it is possible. You will rest costont witlo tihe fact that I love no one in it-that Ilhatd evcrybody in it-and that I was very bad." '"'~ o--no--I'm sure you were not, Rlachlol.'1 "It is only a bad one, David, that comes to the river as I did last December. And seo you give a bad one your name," she went on "pray understand that-a bad and despcratd yotini woman whom God is not likely to for. gire. "Come, come, not so hard as all that., Tphere is forgiveness for everybody who re• pents, yon kndw." "I have been told so," she answered, moodily. ' " And you .ae repented 1" "Oh I my God--yes," she 'cried, with ox; eitement, at last, "if I could only atone-. only live back a few years--only forget I" I sat staring at her now; this was an ex hibition of passion very new to me, and yet I must have known that she could be veryrasli and desperate-no one more so. ' There muost have been something in my looks to calm her, for, she became her grave self very quickly after she had found h that they were bent upon her sorrowfully and wonderingly enough. "B But I will make you a good wife," she repeated, "although 'don't want you td have me, unless it is your own free wish-al though I would rather live on alone, just as we are, if you will let me;" "I have made up my mind, Rachel." "Very well, then. Still it was arranged that we were to be married, and that for over before her life the'lifo that I had not shared-was to hang a curtain which no hand of mine should seekto draw aside. The present I was to be content with always. I was'suro it would content mu, for I was not a' curious man, and I was fond of Rachel Seeley. We talked about our wedding day pro sehtly,and it seemed odd that we should fix on the exact day when I had saved her life. I.had suggested it at first, and she had shivered with something like affright at it, at first, also, Then she thought again, and said : " Why not? It's a day memorable forit's horror, and I may data from it presently the life' of an'honest woman-whlch you make me, David." : She put her hands.inmine with that look of gratitude which she seemed tohave for me very often, and which had drawn my old heart towards her, and'the days seemed loing in coming to December. As the timb ap proached more closely;, Rachel's/ face; I noticed,gathered more of gloom in it, and this I did not like, and was aggrievedd to see. She"'was almost like a" woman afraid at the last, and she would say, at times; " You are sure--you are uite sure that this is as you: wislh ?'and look as if my change of mind' would have been almost a reprieve. Once I mentioned...this,_anda she answored very; quickly : " "It is.for your sake, not for my own, David. I: should not like to.bring unhappi ness to you." l " 3ut for yirs-elf " "" Ildon'tbelontdmyself, you know," was wser reply I "and I ;dread"your saying sorei day, ' wish I adnicvermarried her I"' S"Is that likely i'. " I hlope'not. , And if the day comes when I shall see upon your kind ld. face the 'thought that I am troubling you-why, the trouble shall not last four.and-twenty hours." " I don't quite understand you." She did 'not answer moe,:and, being almost afraid of. her'answer,' I did-not press her for it. I thought that I sbould have'no trouble with.hbe-that she would make a good wife' to' a man whom,'itdlid not take munh to render satisfied. I. fancied we should jog n together'to theend of ni days, an odd couple enough, but in, our quirtwayquite satisfied with one another..: And that is a remarkable way, too, taking couples .as they -run, poor things.' Wr might be the one parin a thou sand, after all, who trotted well in harness togethler--ah I lwho knows ? It isn't the swellest lot tliatmakes it the easiest running also, I know. It was settled that Etn anid Em's husband were not to be told anything of the matter till after the wedding; it was my wish, and Itaclhel had no objections to r Ihad myself to please, no one else- an i did not wanet to upoot Eoa'o mind about it, or: to get a lheap of sound and sensible advice from Em's husband which weoald only aggravate mne. I had but nmyself to please, and it pleased men to get married again. That was thie simple posltiou of affairs, with whichi oly silly people would try to interfero. And hy had not time to be ridiculous down in Cherry Gardena Court, and onlysaid amongst thoemsclves, "So old uabbajam is goiog to marry again ! Well, I wislh him luck;" anud I thought myself really in luok' s way to get so quiet and good-looking a young womaun to have me for lIer hlusband, and me goingon for sixty, too. There was no preparation for the wedding -I did not s0e any signs of even a new dress which Iatchel might be working at. We were not well off enough for display, andt weo hlnd not put any money by; we did not even intend to ask Mrs. Twitter or Mrs. Risbcole to the wedding. It was to be an extremly quiet affair, " with tihe shadow of the river on it," Rachel said witih a sigh. Two things lippened a week before the day we lind fixoed upon to bo married, and they lhappened so closely one after nuothler, that it looked as if it was to be, or as if it was not to be, according to one's way of loolk ing at it. Swoke up one afternoon earlier than usual after my day's "pitch "-that is, my sleep after duty on tihe pier-and cwent downstairs to chat with Rachel for a little while over her work. Mrs. Twitters was not at homue, and Rachel was inot at worlk, for I did not hear the click-click of the sewing machine as I approached the room. I pushed open tie door and said in my usual tone, " May I comi in!" but Rachel did not answer. I wentin without invitation, thinking that the room was deserted ; but there was Rachel sitting at the table, looking at a small photo graph on glass, with a cheap gilt frame round it. Her hands were sunpporting hor head, and her elbows were plaunted firmly on the table, and'oh I the look of misery nupon her face. I had never saon herlook like that before. 't hy, Rachel, whoso portrait have you got there 7!' I asked. She sprang up with half a scream, and thrust the photograph in her side-pocket very hastily, standing to do so, and troembling very, much. She opened her mouth to answerme, but no words came fromit.. " Why, I have quite acared you, child," I said; "you must not get so nervous as all this." 1" am.moro madthan nervous," slhe r plied; "I have been mad, ohl I those last twoye'ars, David.", What's t'heptr "Tat,: nonsensn 1 the picture about?" S"About the past" sheo answeared, very mharply now, and with a lookthalt roneminded me of tie promise Ilhad made., : "'Ah·lI yes, yis, I had forgotten. Youar pardon, Rachel; I won't ask any more ques tions. I can guess whoso portrait that is, and that's enough for me." "But II don't want to see the villain. I am only sorry to find that you are thinking of him still.ci "You aoro mistaken," was hlier slow re sponse; "very much mistaken." " Well, I hope I am." I tried to think I might be, but it was not a pleasant matter for ireflection, so late in the day as it was of our engagement, and so close upon tile time that she vwould call mne hIus band. I did not get over it very readily. I had not got over my dull looks, my absent answers tonler, whca Eca's husbancd, whom I had not expected to see in London for a long while, came that very afternoon into the house alnost like a glost, and startled me with his loud, Ihearty greeting. And like a ghost acicel Sceley regarded hIim--like a ghost risen from the dead. John Grayson stared at her with an amazement he could not disguise, and stammered out at last her Christian name. "Racheol-you i" he said. I looked from one to the other, fearing the truth, trying to make out what thie truth of it all was; and praying that it was not as I thought. I sat there like a spectator at a play, and with these two raving in it, like the actors. "Yes, it's Rachel," slhe said at last; "are you very mudch surprised to seo me !'" " I am indeed." "You have not come in haste to find me, then," she added, scornfully. "I did not know you wero hero," he an' swered; "I did not think you were alive." " Did not your doll of a wife tell you thiat hIer father's nurse was Rachel Seeley ?" "No,"he answered ; "she had forgotten your name when she came home." "It was convenient to forget, it was as well to forget," shle answered. I had never seen Em's husband so utterly astonished, so completely thrown out of time. He stood with Iis soft felt hat crushed be-o twcen his strong brown hands, which wore shaking very much, and there were big tears in his eyes despite hIis efforts to keep firm. "I did not hnov you were alive," he said again in a hoarse votce, as if it worn the one poor excuse which hie could offer her. "Oh I I tried hard to get out of the world, but this old man would not let me," she re plied; "I did my best to die, God knows, and end it-all." " What does this mean 1"I ventured to in. quire, andnEm's husband shook his head and said : "Best not ask." "I hlave a right to ask." "I will tell you when sho's gone," he ro. replied. : "She is not going away," I explained. "Her home is in this house; she will he my wife before the fortnight's over." "She I your wife ?' gasped forth Em's Ies. band, fairly bewildered now. " Why not ?" answered Rachel Seeley for herself.... " ecaus-i'ut," hadded, quiekly," you must have gened that I wai daughter's husband. I. remember Em said you asked hermanyquestions." "T.Lsked if you were once gamekeeper at Hetton.Court in Dorsetshlire," Rachel re. plied, "and she said yes. I knew then you were the same man who led me wrong." "God forgive me !" he murmured; "bow one's sin comes round again i I was sorry, Rachel-God knows, I have beaen always very sorry. Had you stopped at Hetton, I would have made amends." " Stopped to become the jeer of the place, and to trust inyoru !" she answered, bitterly. "I can't ask you to believe me." he said, "and I can't bring back the past, Rachel." " I thought I might,"she said. Then turn lng to .me, suddenly, she added: "David, hlougli I would have been to yon a faithful friend, still, I had hoped to be to him ever a reproach, ever a trouble that.he should be afraid I would bring upon his wife, by telling of his treachery, of his love for mc, :as lihe called it, before ie marriedher, and I should have told her some day what a villain he had been, and what he had made of me." "You went away; I never heard of you again," said Jon. " . -"I should have been easy to find, had you wanted to find me," Was her stern reproach. " But there, tllero I I am in lthe way now. You have business with your. father-nm-lavw, and I do not want to interfere with it." "But, Rachel-" I began. She came to me slowly, with both hands extended. " But you will forgive omoI knoew, because you have thought so well of me; because your liking for me would have nmade of me your wife, and I mght have settled down, alndl done no harm to him or his. I don't qluite know," she added, "for I namu very strance attimes. Good-bye." " No-no- not good-bye i I am too old and lonely; it hlis gnu too far now. Oh ! don t leave me," I impldred. "I think, David, thit' perhaps IHeaveI sent this man here so that I should not coinm mit ths wrong of marrying you, and.urons' it would bhyi.vobcn. ,I'"or,'she.continuocd. "I was not worthy to be your wife. You are a good 0 m0n." "You have atoned for the pt by-" I began,s when nbc stopped mo withea wild cry, which blnoched the face of both listeners.r "I have made no atonement," she shrieked: forth; "I am the veriest wretch, and the. cruelest of women. There is your child, Johni (rayson," she said drawiug from her pocket the photograph whiceh I had scott her with earlier that day; "you hlave not asked after it yet-you have never thought of it till now, perhaps. Look ot it "• Slo thrsrt it into his hands, and he took it and stared at it dreamily. "Vhat has become--" "It died when it was threo years old; it was starving with its mother, and I.killed it." " My God I" oxclaimoed tlhe man. " I drowned it in the river. That was the scream you heard, David--not mine. Iwas quite prepared and cahno. I thought we were better out of this world, and would go to gether to the next. Your fault, Jonm Gray. son, as well as omine, that I took a little lifo Ray 'or fot" turf ning nkoo m to me, "tthnt came back to my aowful self, a murderess." "Horrible I" I vwhispered. " Yes, I am a horrible woman; but I was good before I knew hi," oshe said. "Now, whicoe of you two will tell the police to fol low mu, and helsp to hang In ? I don't care swhioh it is. Ose of you I hope it will be." Sloe movned towarls thle street, but no'one followed her. Sloe lad stricken both of us to atone. As she pssed John, shoe took the portrait from hlis nerveless hands, and, with that clutched to the bosom of herdress, went out into Cherry Gardens Court, and on be yond into the broader thoroughfaroe, like a wosmbn walking in her.slep. I never saw Raohel Seealey agaoin.'The Brlgravia Annual. 