Amusements. These has been a^ood deal, and, on ta» whole, plea sant variety in things musical and critical during the week. Change of-ecenes is aa beneficial and pleasant to the regular playgoer as change of scene i£ to the traveller or not invalided invalid. There has been some this week, but not quite what I anticipated when I last wrote. The city has been enlivened during' the week by wjb i*ttiiurina,nues oi vob Joosxon inenawssoiiii v^uin tette Club, wliich said porforrnances have been of a very high order of merit, but which, nevertheless, have not been so well attended as they ought to have been, considering the talent which has been engaged in them. The members of the club are all firBt-class executants, both as orchestral players and as soloists, and hence a programme executed by them cannot fail' to be pleasing and interesting to €he lovers of good music. The members of the club chiefly play what is called classical music, and this they generally render in such a grand, correct, and expressive style, that the beauty of the composers' ideas stands out in bold relief before admiring audiences. Mr. Schade's flute solos, arranged on popular airs, with brilliant varia tions, are always beautifully played, and the same remark is applicable to Ttfr. Sohnitzler's violin solos. The. latter embrace many difficulties, and demand brilliant execution from the player, and the demand thus made is always cleverly met by Mr. Schnitzler. The violoncello, in the hands of Mr. P.,Giese, is truly a wonderful instrument. It not only fulfils the functions of a violoncello proper, but it also is made to act when required as tenor or viola, first violin, second violin, flute, or piccolo. The instrument Mr. Giese- plays on is undoubtedly a very fine one, and is of pure tone throughout its range, but specially on the A and D strings, which are peculiarly rich and resonant. Mr. Giese has acquired great mastery over this apparently clumsy but beautiful instru ? i_ ___j j ? ^- ? -_t ii i . .i -i jaeub, iuiu uruwa ixom re rare znosi; exquisiTJe ana Va visaing sounds, and also displays in his playing on it the most brilliant execution. His rendition of the well-known Irish melody, 'The Groves of Blarney,' better known as 'The Last Bose of Summer,' once heard takes possession of the listener's memory and haunts it like a ghost. Miss Miller, the lady vocalist of the club, is distinguished by a presentable appearance, easy and polite stage or platform manners, a fine, powerful soprano voice, brilliant execution,, and ability to accurately grasp the meaning of the author as disclosed in the pieces sho sings. _Mr. Byan is a'stagnificent clarionettiBt, and Mr. Thiele aa second violin renders valuable aid. The members of tiis club constitute the most satisfac tory body of musicians who hava visited our city for manjpyears past. They- havo given a series of con certs during the week, and their performances have afforded unalloyed pleasure to all who have heard them. At .the Theatre Eoyal the 6uperbly mounted and execrably localised pantomime is still in the as cendant. The beautiful dresses, the handsome ap pointments, and th© clever acting, have secured for it a success which otherwise it would not have. Large, audiences assemble nightly, and the result is that it is good until the 18th February, when it will j give place to something ? else, with the handsome ' XA7UU3UI x uuiery ui ib. rv uuiiueT ,uie nrsE venture oi Mr. Allison -.will be ' Cymbelin^ or /' Antony and Cleopatra' I do not pretend to know. It may even be something else, and hence I prefer to await de velopments. At the Opera House ' Pationce' vras ?withdrawn,- much to the regret of a great many sincere admirers, on Friday evening last. Why it was taken off I, like Grosvenor, would fain- discover. It filled tho house nightly, and certainly might have continued to fill it for a great many more nights, for the more frequently it was heard the more its beauties became manifest. It is, indeed, fortunate that it was presented by such & goodly company.. If 3; had been otherwise, I don't know what the result might have been. Bat X know that it will be very hardfor any but a first-class company to make a suc cess-of ifin-'this-city hereafter. Everybody haa resgret in bidding farewell — a short one, I 'hope — to the eweet-voiced ' Patience,' and-her clever associates in the deKghtfal little opera. On Saturday night last ' H.M.S. Pinafore' was again placed in commission, and inanncda, right good crew. Miss Alice Reesappeared ?as Josephine for tho fust time in Sydney. As was expected by everybody, she sang the music' and played tficupart with the great ability she had always displayed daring her ehort career on the lyric or any other-«tage. It was indeed a pleasant representation of the part — perhaps the mostdelightfnlwehave had in Sydney. At all events the house has been crowded nlghtiyf: and if it has not bees-- to hear the new Josephine, X confess X don't know what else could have attracted them — always excepting the excellence of the singing of Mr. Beaumont as Ralph Backstraw, Sijjnor Verdi as Captain Corcoran, and Mr. T. H. Eainford as Dick Deadeye. But these are. old favourites, and pleasant as ; was their clever render ing oi the parts entrusted to them, it is not probable that the crowded houses nightly are altogether due to them. Miss Andrea Navarro was the Little Buttercup. That she 'is not so successful in this character ?as in others; in which she has ap peared is probably not her fault. Very likely sha did all tihat she could to play the part. That her good intention waa not per fectly realised is a- misfortune for everybody, cne iaay nerseu: ss weu as ner auoience. - i -u- not know anything about' the arrangements of the management, bat I venture to think that a more effective cast might have been obtained if Miss Lid diard had been oast for Buttercup, Miss Lilian Forde ? orMigsBoyal replacing her as Hebe. However, I suppose Miss Navarro did her level best, ondvin doing that did all she- could. Miss liddiard was, as usual, a very effective- Hebe. Mr. John Forde extracted any amount of hitherto hidden-fun -out of the Boat swain, and Miss Lilian- Forde even, managed to. make a great deal of amusement ont of the part of the elderly maiden aunt* s part. The last of Pina foro' ia .fixed for to-night. I, with many others,, .wish the company a. pleasant^ and -prosperous crnlse to Maoriland. At the Queen's Miss Ada Ward, after an absence of four years, has reappeared in a new and emotional drama entitled ' Mad. ' Itis nota well- written drama, butMisaAdflWard'egenins, for itmnstbethat.makea you forget the . baldness of the dialogue in witnessing , each superb acting. Miss Ward lias improved in high histrionic skill since ehe waa last in Sydney. To those who knew how skilful ehe was then, it will be understood how much such assertion means. I have sees Miss Ward do much better tilings than thatehe has selected to do aa Eleanor Hylton, but I know that'it would be very difficult to find anybody capable of sustaining the part with the came in tensity of power that she does. The -theatre has been crowded nightly, and although change is noted, I think that Miss Ward anight pull the house through another week. Mr. Charles Bur ford, as Hugh Hylton, was very eacoessful in giving a wonderfully realistic representation of the plotting, cold-blooded, heartless husband. It was a difficult part to play, and Mr. Burford is to be fipmpMmflTitffn upon tue manner in which he came through the ordeal. The other parts were more or less well sustained by Mr. Sweeny, Mr. George Mel ville, Mr. W. J. Medus, Miss Majian Medway, Miss Alice Mowbray, Miss Maclean., and last and literally least, really one of the most .effective, little Hatfae Sherwood as Hubert Hylton. ' Our Boye,' for one night, has been mentionedas a probable (successor to ' Mad,' and the ' Woman in Bed,' an old Madame Celeste ^tf'''-; is which Miss Ada Ward ia par ticularly effective, is announced as in active prepara tion. . ? t At the Gaiety it was understood that the Green Lanes 'of England' wonld give place to 'Michael Strogoff ' last week. Bnti&s; powerful acting of Mr. Dampier, Miss Amie Adere, sod Mr. Palmer, with the amusing representation toy MIsb Marion Melrose and Mr. Sam. Poole, have been sofficiant to draw big houses for another week. This '{Saturday) evening, however, the drama dramatiBedby Mr. Hopkins from Jules Verne's wonderful story; a^ entitled 'JGchael Strogoff,' is announoed.' Mr. Dampier ia to sustain the part of the Courier o£ fee Czar, and I beKevette cast is otherwise excellent. The story h&s; been dra matiseft in almoBt jsvery tongue, and in oj-b varsion or anothet Is now Iseing played iii almost* v-fl*y oouittiy under fie Hnn. '?' ''I anticiiiata ja MmA enooesa for 