General News. 1 Curious Story. — A gentleman ! waa standing the other evening in one o£ the shadowy, arcades of -thft Coliseum | at - Rome when he was somewhat brusquely hustled ^by a passing figure. With o quick instinct he elapped his hand td his hand to his watch-pocket. .His watch, was gone ! He darted after the thief; who turned sharply round, at tha same - clutching , a watch. 'Give me that watch 1' A dash ! — the stolen DTODertv was recovered. The startled robber dis- . appeared, and the gentleman went home , to boast of his adventure and his prowess) What was his' consternation,. on entering his i bedroom, to find his own watch, which he had forgotten to put on. staring him in the face, from the mantel piece ! He had^been the thief.- and the other wretnhSJ man stumbled overhim in th# s dfirk, and .when overtaken and Btopped was merelv clutching his own watch, which he had not the necve: to rescue from the toirrist. That toiurist is now known to a wide and admiring circle jof friends as the Bandit of the Coliseum.— Truth.-- j'- - .; ? Some peonle living in a Darlinghurst-- ' road terrace are musical. ; Occasional'y tnev have a vocal and instrumental re- : union, and th»n the neighbonrs' hearts! grow hlack with, murderons designs, and' they chase their offspring about the back '' yard with 'choppers, and bombard choice ponltryTwith lumps of road-metal We went rn-a visit' to a coloniaj ciountess in the neighhonrhood the other evening, and those mnScal people chanced to eive a ? arty. First a ladv sang ' Silvpred is the rafen hair,' and at once a feeling of stony-dnmbnewi c^meupon nB. ' The next 'number' wai' Fair moon,' by a gentle! man amateur.'. This caused-us merely to leive thejimprint of five nails on. the back ' of our hostess's hand. 'Poor wandering one' was: the succeeding instrument of - torture applied;; and then we 'rushed from the premises. Seeing a policeman at the corner of the terrace, we said— 'Take ua in charge ; wo are dangerous.' Hia reply was to glance with gloomy vindictiveness at the musical family's house, to' wipe hi# ' bloodv truncheon 6n his handkerchief; and to hoarsely .murmer — ' I have killed* n mnn tr-niolif ' Tucf ^1.. ? ? ? ' \- ? viiuu wic party Btrnck nn 'Twenty love-sick maidens ' when with a chast'y countenance we clearo-1. — Sydney Bulletin. \ An Unhealthi Bot. — ' Broadbrim ' writes-fnm New York Another pious fraud has been : operating in the citv. She has been working church : societies: and clergymen with the moat gratifying : success. This time i-'s a widow* ? pretty at t^a't— and not ever thiatr. i Now, a i. good-looking widow of thirty is quite ' irretiistihle. She had a son in the Hebrew' Hospital, or she said she had, Iboth of ; whose legs were paralyzed, 'and: one of whose armi; were dislocate-l, besides snl-! fenng- the loss of 'one of his eyes, ' receiving a serious injury to his spine, ?and having. been arcidentally shot in the head, he could hardly bo considered a ! healthy boy. - Wherever Bhe could not get dncals, «he was willing ; to accept ; anything from a jiair of breeches to a bottle of whiskey ? and strange aa it may I seem, she liad drawn at various times on ? one charitable Uqnor-dwler for fourteen 'J bottles nf brandy for lh» suffering patient She worked the sick racket for over three ' years, and as nosr as can bo estimated, has collec'ed in th«t time no! f*r from $12,000 in cash. ' Tho Hebrew Hospitals have born iMn-a-kod by the charitably inclined, but tho boy with tho lamo logs cannot bo found. LaRt night: she camo near lioing caught bv an officer, bnt she ran into n building and vanislied like a' ghost Look out- far that (nous1 widow 1 _ A Millionare as a Beooab.— Tho Paris correspondent of tho Daily Tele, graph says the ^following gooi story comes f^om Berlin Eugene Delacroix d'°!,nC one day in Baron Jumea do Roth schild s hospitable house, fixed hi eyes repeatedly on his host in such a searching manner ^that the latter could not help asking his guest, when thev left tho dining-room, what it was that', had to such a degree rivettod his attention. lV.l»crt-ii acknowledged that, having for sonic time; l-con vainly searching for a head such as he would like to have for . i; a: prominent Ixggar in his new picture, he suddenly struck , with - what a . splendid model the Crossus would make ? whaiwas. entertaining, him at his table. , Would it be to great a favour to ask the Bsron to sdt for a beggar I Rothschild, who was fond of art, and not displeased to be. -reckoned among' its chief protec tors,; gracefully assented to act a part probably n6ver performed before by a millionaire, and Appeared the next morn ing in the celebrated, painter's stndia. Delacroix hung a tunic on his shoulders, \- placed a tall ^taff in his hand, nod assigned to him a posture as if he .were resting on the steps of an ancient Romnn temple. In' this attitude he was dis .^covered by a young friend and pnpil of the painter's, who alone had the privilege ? of being admitted to the studio at all times.; Surprised by the excellence of the model, he congjatulated his master : , t on having atjlast fonnd exactly what he wanted. Not for a moment' doubting ihat the model had just beon begging ' L at the porch of some church or at the ? corner; of a bridge, an-l: much struck by his feajtunes, the young man, espying a moment when tbd artist's eye were averted, slipped a 20-franc piece into the model's hand, Rothschild kept the . money, : thanking die giver by a look, . and the young man went his way. lie ? was, as- the bankers soon found out from Delacroix,, without fortune, and obliged to give lessons in order to eke out his living. ; Some time later the youth re . ? ceived a letter, mentioning that charity bi- ars interest; and that this accumulated interest; on twenty .francs, which he, prompted by a generous impulse, had given to a man in appearance a beggar, was lying at his disposal in Rothschild's office, to the amount of 10,000 francs, having borne five-hundred-fold, like the seed in the parable. Last jweek, Lady -Augustus Loftue .called into a leading bookseller's in George-street ' to sea about some books ordered jby His Excellency, when the : = smart vquth w&o; attended, paralysed her -with ' -Jjh yes, my ladyship. I sent the books to) the-Lord this morning !' Lady Loftus sayB th«t such ignorance is the . lesnltofjthe absence of an aristocracy. . ATojfssviiiE fruiter,, who wished to; do ' a stroke amongst the Chinamen, rronuy got one 01 uie oreea to, paint him Tip a sisn. inviting the attention of ' John' jto tlie ' flute' inside. It was finished nhoirt 9 a-m., -and-at half-piBt a : r vendor of cabbage time trotting along, wlien, ' tae announcement in the ?jviiidow meeting tis eve, his mouth 'expanded into abroad grin, nnd, leaving his basket ?on the side- walk, he flattened tis nose against trie window, and leered fixedly at the frpiterer. Five minutes later 1 another Celestical turned up,' and on reading tile advertisement became imme . . jdiatply afflicted wth nncontroHable ... laughter. Then the first, man went : away «nd bold his friends, and won the: * . side-walk [iras rondered impassable by reason of the mob of screaming Chinese, . -£hat were: congregated theiie. Finding that mine, of the almond-eyed bought anything; the i Bhop-man sallied ont and endeavoured to dispeiso the mobjwith a . mi-rcvuiwui OIAU tx garueu-uut: , anu having -wounded two dangerously, and had tbe bridge of his; own nose broken by a clothes-prop, all the Chiniman de parted. The next day, after lie had appeared' tij answer seventeen informa tions fur asnaultj he received, written on the card (if a Chinese merchant the translation lof his barbarian ad. It was 1 this : — The man who beeps this shop /s is a — —fool, and ought to be iin an '?asyKraL' Then' he' clenched his \ teeth, ; shut up liushop, and donble-loadfng his . shot gun,- Went out tp give the sign j -writer another order. — Sydney Bulletin. Shall boy at -suburban school was . asked to name and describe some part vof his ownj body;. After a. moment' h -'reflection he replied':— M Bowels, [which r^are fire in number— a, e,' i, o, n, and ' sometimes -w, and y.' [ Ohb eoe| Missus. — Mistress -. 'j Brid ge. ?. your sweetheart in the kitchen any longer' Bridget: 'Thank yon kindly mum, but he's too bashful for the par \- lor.' — Jtidyi j 'The woman says she's twenty and . looks fifty,' growled Pat -'Howjam I : ' to . know' tow old she is f ' ? There happened toj be a mathematical young man on the premises. ?' Add the figures together,' hei suggested, 'divide by] two, \- ;.»nd you will fav-cr-age.' ; . | ' . Two children are prattling: ' Your flther^s house is very nice-' ' Yes ; it is all covered with slate ! My father's, 'house is much nicer. He says it jis all covered with ja mortgage.' 