MOTIUN£AIN REGULATOBS: BY COL. GEORGE BYMONDB. My first introduction to the Regulators was romantic, and decidedly dime novelish. Although I had had considerable experience in mountain work, my acquaintances were chiefly "moonshiners." I had heard much about the strength of the vigilante order, but gave liitle credence to the marvellous stories that were told respecting the solidity, respectability, and discipline of that famous mobocracy which has ruled mountain Ken tucky for the past four yeirs with an iron hand; which has committed many outrages, made many mistakes, but, with all rendered the mountain counties safe to live in, and driven out the desperadoes and outlaws. The agent of my division, early in the month of June, 1878, sent me on a mission of importance into one of the rich blue grass counties, which county, by the way, boasts of more pretty women, fast horses, fat Durhams. and fine whisky, than any soot of like size in the world. Reliable in formation had been received, at the head quarters of the Secret Service in Washing ton City, that an extensive gang of counter', feiters had opened a mint not far from :the famous Blue Lick Spring, and were manu facturing at wholesale, the most dangerous character of " queer" money. The rendez vous of the gang was not definitely located, and I was detailed to spot their hiding place. Accordingly, I went out on the Ken tucky Central Railroad to the little town from which I was to make a start ; procured a I rsee, aad rode leisurely through the open country. It was four o'clock in the afternoon as I left the hotel. Reaching the borders of the town, I spurred my horse into a gallop, and turned into the first road I came to, running in the direction of the set ting sun. I had a theory-which after wards proved a true one-that the gang were located in an isolated and heavily timbered belt of country, running from the borders of the blue-grass lands out into the barren ridges of the Robertson County. I was thoroughly pdsted respecting the roads, was provided .with a good post--road map and a pocket compass, and had no fears of losing myself. A lowering sky indicated a possible storm. By 9 o'clock a heavy cloud swept across the canopy of stars overhead, and shut out the shining light of the feeble moon. There was a distant rumble of thunder, and the south-western sky was il luminated by livid flashes of electric fire. A I few pattering rain.drops warned me that the storm was near at hand, and I discovered that in the hurry of departure I had ne glected to bring my gum coat and leggings. I did not fancy a wetting, and began to look about me for a place ofshelter, The night had grown intensely dark, and a solid wall of black encompassed me on every hand. This gloom was occasionally pierced by a flash of lightning, enabling me to see ob jects close at hand. A particularly vivid flash, just as the rain began to fall in earnest, brought out, in full relief, on the right hand side of the road, the outlines of a gloomy looking stone building, the front of which was thickly covered with ivy, clinging in tangled masses from the ground to the tops of the dormer windows. 1 pulled up my horse and waited for another flash. It came, and I saw that the stone pile was a ruin, and uninhabited. I had hoped for a hospitable farm mansion, a warm supper, and a comfortable bed, but the rapidly falling rain did not admit of in decision. Dismounting, I led my horse through the gate, which I found after much groping, and guided him through an open doorway into one of the rooms of the stone ruin Lighting a little pocket lantern, which I always carried, I looked about me. The room in which I found myself was bare and without a door. I did not notice at the time that it had been used as a stable be fore. The floor above was intact, and I was glad to get shelter from the rain, which was now descending in torrents. Removing the saddle, I tethered my horse to a pro jecting hook in one corner of the room and started about on a tour of exploration. There were eight rooms on the ground floor, all epacious and in ruins. A broad, hall way bisected the house, at the far end of which a dilapidated stair-way led up to the upper astory. The rooms on the second floor were in a better state of preservation, and one could not help being impressed with the idea that the mansion must at one time been a noble pile. Two or three of the rooms contained odd pieces of furniture, once rich and costly, In one of the best furnished rooms I deter~inined to take up my abode fdr the night. Some shreds of oar pet clung to the floor, the wallh were hung with faded tapestry, and the plassless win dows were protected by heavy oaken shutters, fantastically carved and brightl, polished. A ponderous sofa, e,,ered wit deseaing haircloth, occupied one corner of the room. I dragged it out to the fireplace, brushed away the dust, started a blaze on the hearth, and, lighting my pipe, stretched out at full length on the sofa, to wonder at my strange situation, and marvel, between the whiffs of smoke, over the cause of the ruined grandeur around me. I have neglected to say that I had had no sleep the night before, and the stillness of this old house, broken only by the patter of the rain, and soughing of the wind among the trees, acted on tired nature with soporifio effect. A dozen times I sank into a doze, to be aroused by a crash of thunder. Finally, the storm abated and the thunder died away in angry and fast receding growls. The fire burned down on the hearth, and weird shadows crept into the corners of the room. A strange hush fell upon the; house, the pipe slipped from my grasp and' I fell into a profound sleep. How long I slept I do not know, but I awoke finally out of a troubled dream, to find' the room brightly illuminated and crowded with strange fantastic figures. Fit ting climax to my dream ! I started up and looked about me with wondering eyes. Before I could express my astonishment, one of the figures addressed me, and, in spite of the muffied voice and feigned ac cent, I thought I recognised the familiar tones of my oldl friend, Lance Worthington. The figure was clad in a long, flowing robe of white, which shrouded it from head to foot. The head-piece of the mask was pierced with holes for eyes, nose, and mouth. The others were similarly disguised, and I could almost fancy myself at the secret meeting of some knightly order in the Feudal age, "You need not be alarmed," said the shrouded figure:-" You are among friends, colonel. We mean you no harm, and we do not intend that you shall do us any harm. You are surrounded by regulators, If you are one of us, make yourself known, If not a member of the order, our High Priest will administer the oath of allegiance, and soon make you one." "You need not disguise your voice, for I recognise you." said I, recovering my self possession. You are Lance--" "Stop '" interrupted a dozen voices, and I saw the gleam of a dozen pistol barrels under the folds of the white shrouds. "You will consult your own safety and know no one here," said a tall fellow stand ing at the foot of the sofa. I saw that his pistol covered my heart, and was silent. "You may think this an idle masquerade, but I assure you it is the reverse," said the figure which I thought Lance Worthington. "We are Regulators, and have met for business." "Well?" I interrcgated rather taunt. ingly. " We perfectly understand that you are here by accident, and have no intention of spying on our actions. Nevertheless self I preservation is the first law of nature, and you must join our order." t'Suppose I object to such forced member ship 1"I ventured, and looked about for my pistols. They were gone! "The order deals vigorously with all who disobey its commands !" cried a muffled voice in my ear. S"You do not mean-?" I cried, starting up. UP Be quiet, old fellow." interrupted the voice which I recognised as Lance Worth. ington's. "Let me advise you. This house in which you have taken shelter is the sometime rendezvous of one of the strongest Regula :or lodges in the State. We numiber 250 members, and nearly all are present to night. We are all armed, and your pistols are in our possession. This meeting is accidental, but the rules of the order are imperative, and you mnustbeoome oiie of us " "Suppose I refuse 2" I said. "Then you mu?0 suffer the penalty of contempt!" cried the veiled figure at the foot of the sofa, "And that 2" "'Death I" cried a chorus I of voices. "Gentlemen," said I, beginning to take a serious view of the matter, "I am opposed to your order and have so expressed myself a hundred times. ,1f you force me to take any oath I shall not consider it binding, for I take it under protest." "He who is once a Regulator is always a Regulator," wailed the tall figure at the foot of the sofa, "You will never betray the secrets of the order." S"W~eel, then," said I,irasing to my feet, " since I am forced to this thing, go ahead.'. "Let the High Priest administer the oath7" said the voice in my reasr, and "the] tall figure at the foot of the sofa' stepped forward. "Hold up your right hand I" oomum'aeldod the High Priest. I did so, and slowly repeated tli?e oath which bound me to Secrecy, which obligated me in. a hundred. different ways, and which oath I faithfully kept until regularly re. leased.. After the ceremony was over, seve ral of the figures znhmasked and disclosdl old friends of mine. I was not deceived as. to Lance Worthington's voice, and he was the first to congratulate me as a brother Regulator. In the course of our conversation, be told me that the ruined house, in which we were assembled, was the scene of a terrible':mur der years ago, and had the reputation of being haunted by the ghost- of the mur dered man. It had not been ocoupied, for years, and the Regulators had taken advan tage of the superstitious legends connected with the pile and transformed it into a place of rendezvous. They had no fear of interR lopers here. He told me that horse and cattle stealing was so common in the county, that it was necessary to organise some sort of association for protection. They had so cordiagly allied themselves to the new "vigilante" order, which had been so eub ceseful in breaking up crime, and organised themeteyes into a lodge of Regulators The captain of the lodge was one of the wealthi. eat young stock raisers in Kentucky, and the members were from the best families in the State. "We have an, important and painful drty to perform to-night," he said in conclusion, "and you can accompany us or not as ~ou choose." I pleaded business, and declined. "' I know what you are after, I think," he Said -quiokly; " and you will ride withir to-night, and-after our business is over- :t go home with me, I will visit you. A man it in my employ has been approached indirectly `. by the parties ypu are after, and he knows t enough of: their movements to put you onh eir traok.. He ie's -a ho?is?ifellow, and ij has already taken. me into his.eonfidenee: Now, ride with. us to-night,' and' I will ride with yon to-morrow, night." - To make along story short, I finally agreed to make my first' trip as a Regulator, and -was-provided with a shroud- similarto-ttnse worn by the other' meinmbers' of the lodgel When I went down to my horse, I found.him similarly disguised, and could not help smilh , ing at his weird and' uncanny appearanoe . "You will answer to the number two bun dred and,fifty three.,; said the captain: of the lodge, as . was mounting.' "We are known only by numbers when we are.it at work.". T : :. SWer:de in the direction in _whicb 1_.bad come, fqur abreast, and the:long line of white robed' 'speittee, mloving along 'swiftly 'and silently, were enough to inspire terror ii tlie heart of the bravest man, had we chancedlto meet- one during our journey. I learned atterwards that, had we met any person, they I wbuld'have been forced to take the oath. An' hour passed in this way, and we were. fast nearing the shire town of the county. ,I=e collected that I knew nothing of the object of this midnight ride, 'and. asked .my" right hand companion for' information. " .. - " "E-h i" ;he whispered, "you: will .see: We are nearly there."' '= I To my. dying day 1 will not forget the dual tragedy-enacted --that--nighr",-by order-of Judge Lynch' i': A;horrible murder had been committeda, few months before in the county. The motive, adulterous lust. A wife and her patkoutdr 'were arrested,' ch'iged with the murder of a husband and friend. They were intelligent, their social position was a high one, and wealth in abundance was at their command. In spite of popular indig nation against the murderers, and strong: eircumstantial evidence connecting them with the crime, it was very probable that' the law -which is not always justice-through some technicality, would free the evidently guilty pair, to enjoy undisturbed, their bloods stained lust. The case -was laid before :the Regulators and they gave it a' fair and iid partial trial. Every mitigating circumstance rn'favour of the innocence of.the accused persons was carefully considered. When the fatal ballot was cast at the close of 'the investigation there was no merciful " white ball": dropped into the box, and Judge Lynch had pr n'unced sentence of death. It is needless to prolong this article by de. scribing that night's work. It is a matter of history, and the verdict of the world, after the first shook of horror passed, was " Served them right!" Executions, be they legal, illegal, or semi-legal, have a painful and horrid similarity. A jail was surrounded by masked men, the jailer forced at the muzzle 'of a dozen 'pistols, to give up the keys, a man, and woman, whose hands wore stained with the blood of a fellow-creature, were aroused from dreams, of possible liberty; a confessioin of guilt was made by both, they were told of the fate in store for them; a few minutes' time was given them to prepare for that final arraignment before the bar. of.i. just God,: and in spite of the sobs.and prayers for mercy, and cries and lamentations, were "hanged by the neck until dead." It' was stern and terrible punishment. "A life.foi a life!" 'At the end of the town the lodge dispersed, the masks and shrouds were removed,; and each"mpl sought his lome 'by the neareAi and most direct road; I.aooompanied my friend La~ce..Worthington, and we were safe in bed before sunrise. 'Neihber slioks of the occurrence. of the .night,, and bbth tried' to forget it in' sleep, but'it was miiny long days before I could drive away the haunting faces of those .two wretched' beings,' or forget the agony of their last frantio appealsfor mercy and life. The next dayi pSaesase4 myself of infor mation ..thich warranted ume in serving out wrarrants aggipst threehioted ,cotnterfeiters fpefore .the nearest..Uniteqla jtae. Commis qioner, and the neat night, with the assist aioce of,a.posse of my newly made :brethorn, I suoceededin-overtaking the '"erobks," in eap.t?ii.g .jher..mtexiaJes?mhobinea ..dia.a and manufactured mondeyi and lodgitigthem all safely in jail'. : ± -: 