POSTHUMOUS LITERATURE. (San Francisco Bulletin.) IT is announced that a manuscript novel by Hawthorne has been discovered, and, of course, in due time will be published. Dr. Grimshaw's Secret" is pretty near the title which the.newjiovol will bear. It is said that Julian Hawthorne has discovered the manuscript, which was written after the " Marble Farm," and was laid aside to take up the "Dolliver Romance," which was not completed at the author's death, but was published by his executors. As a general rule, authors send to press all that they are - willing to publish during their lives. A publication of anything after the death of the author which he would not have published in his lifetime, wrongs the memory of the author, and in some sense wrongs the public. It is purely a commercial speculation. Hawthorne's "Note Book " was published. Yet neither this nor the " Dolliver Romance" would have been sent to press had the author been living. He was a man of critical and fastidious taste, and would allow nothing to go from his hands until it was finished. Such manuscripts as he withheld were kept back for very good reasons. These literary remains are generally more scraps or chips, the suggestions jotted down by the author, just as the artist sketches in charcoal or chalk the outlines of a picture while the subject is fresh in his memory, and which some day he will paint if he catches the right inspiration. Otherwise the outline will never be filled in. Hawthorne did much literary work of this kind. He made literary sketches for future use. His " Note Books " were filled with that kind of material. What he would not have done himself, no literary executor ought to do for any money consideration. The lost manuscript which purports to be the work of Hawthorne is probably nothing more than the mere outline of a story. Some day, had the author lived, he might have filled up this outline. But having failed to do it, why should his unfinished work be given to the public 1 Of course the spirit which inspires the publication of such matter is purely commercial. When Dickens died he left one unfinished novel, "The Mystery of Edwin Drood," not his best work by a long way. Wilkie Collins finished the story, not as Dickens might have finished it but as another supposed he might have shaped it. Of course, it added nothing to Dickens's reputation. The public were eager to see what was the last work which this great novelist accomplished. The book was published as a commercial speculation and was moderately successful. Thoreau's literary remains were treated in the same way, He left many unftnjtriicd manuscripts. His journals have already been printed. In order to prepare the public for future publications, it has been given out that be left about as many manuscripts as he had ever published. Yet this author was critical and painstaking beyond most writers. When he died, he had given to the public so much as he thought it important to publish. But an intimation has already been given that a number of volumes are to follow. As a general rule, it may be set down as a fact that the author prefers to be his own literary executor. There was an exception in the case of Carlyle, who permitted Froude to publish his Reminiscences," made up largely of memoranda which Carlyle had left. But it would have been better for his memory had this book never been published. It was painfully interesting, but frequently it left a bad taste in the mouth. There was very little in those reminiscences worth preserving. The morbid literary anatomy might well have been spared. We came to know the very things about Carlyle that we did not want to know, and are in no way obliged to the literary executor for telling via. We do not care to see the clay feet of our literary idol. It would be a good thing when an author dies to bury all his un- published manuscripts with him. If he does not want them in the other world, it is doubtful if the public really need them in this. When an Indian dies the instruments with which he has wrought-his tools, his un- finished work, his impedimenta-ftl'c! buried with him. It is an article of his faith that he needs these things in the next world, if the author takes his manuscripts along with him he might finish them much more to his satisfaction than some bungling literary executor would do the work in this world. It is not recorded that Dickens, Hawthorne, or Thoreau turned over in their graves with groans and indignation, because of the posthumous publication of their works. Yet it is quite certain that they had some occasion to change positions more than once on this account. The latest instance of posthumous publication is that of a small volume of poems, which had been left in manuscript by Longfellow. Nearly all of these were written during the last two years of his life. In this instance the poet is not greatly wronged, because it may be supposed that had he lived most of these poems, which, for the most part, were not among his best and one or two were poor enough would have been sent to press with his own re- vision. When a literary man dies there is a momentary revival of interest in his works. The public is willing to accept the odds and ends, scraps and remains, although these do not reveal the man at his best, but often at his worst. There is no law by which literary executors can be enjoined from publishing swap book of deceased authors. But look ing Over the work which they have done in most of the instances cited, it finally becomes unsatisfactory, because the public has received very little of value, and because there is always the lingering conviction that if the author himself could have been consulted most of these publications would have been suppressed. It is a pity that the ghosts of literary men were not more active, so that they would often appear and warn literary executors against this species of sacrilege. Hawthorne was fruitful in creating ghosts, his own might now be summoned to forbid the publication of manuscripts which he would not have published while living. 