MADGE. A VICTORIAN SKETCH. Bx Meta B. West. Conclusion. The next day is one that the inhabitants of Beeallac will long have cause to re member. . Annie and Madge come into the dining- room, an hoar after the usual breakfast- time, and discover that Mr. and Mrs. Colney finished theirs long ago, as did Frank, who enters as the two girls are about to seat themselves at the table. He eon- suits the diningroom clock, comparing it with his new watch, and then addresses his mother : I mightn't be in to lunch, mater so don't wait, any of you.' > Where are you going, dear ?' Oh, nowhere particular,' he responds. 'Butler says that Glowworm nearly kicked her stall down this morning, and so I am going to take her out. It wouldn't be safe for Madge to ride her as she is at present. By the time she has been over a fence or two, she won't have much of her nonsense left.' Madge looks up at this allusion to her, but only for a moment. She looks pale and heavy-eyed this morning, and Annie does nnf fail trt nnTi tine (ami; Now, Frank, you'll be careful,' says Mrs. Oolney, anxiously. ' No fear, mother. Besides, Butler is going to come, too. 'Pon my ,word, do you waut to put me into leading-strings again ?' He swings out of the room as he speaks, leaviug Mrs. Colney sighing. The morning passes slowly and drearily to Madge, who feels unable to settle to anything, and wanders about from room to room with a listless, weary air, very unusual to her. At lunch-time sfye scarcely touches anything, and, jSritiria it is over, &?& to Mk ver&Sii;&a; cUmbs into Frank hummock. :j fr. Gblney wptently ooiiiep <, 00, with the etti;h6ifspaper, the constant rustle of fehioH vromes her pot a little, as she lies with her h&ndi; Clasped under her head, gazing at the blue sky through the thick creeper, and enacting yesterday's scene over again, Her uncle's voice presently recalls her to herself. 'Heyi there's Jim, the boundary rider, tearing across the paddock. What a hurry he's in. Wonder what he wants?' The man, peeing Mr. Oolney on the verandah, dismounts at the gate leading to the front door, and passes his horse's bridle over the fence. 'Beg pardon, sir; but may I come in there and speak with yez ?' ' Certainly ; open the gate,' says Mr. Colney, wondering much at the man's excited manner and his evident hurry. There's been - an accident, sir — ' he stops, as if swallowing down a lump in his throat — 4 Mr. Frank, Bir.' Mr. Colney rises to his feet quickly, and Madge lies listening, her blood obiUed, and deprived of the power of speech or move ment. ' How — when was it?' demands Mr. Colney, his gruff voice shaking with a great dread. Is he badly hurt? He isn't— isn't dead, Jim?' As long as Madge lives, she will never for get the agonised ring of the father's voioe. 'No, sir; he ain't dead, but very badly hurt. The mare did it. Jumping her, he were. She baulked twice, and Mr. Frank's temper got up. He gave her the spurs. Butler says to me, " I wish he wouldn't do that, the mare's got an awful temper of her own," and the words were scarcely out of his , mouth when down she went, rolling atop of him. Butler's bringing him along in my i trap. Please, sir, prepare the missus for what she's got to expect — and I'm off for the doctor.' Jim turns down the path, mounts the he 1 ted horse and gallops away in the direction of the township. Mr. Colney staggers as he turns to go into the house : My- God ! my boy, my poor boy.' Madge struggles out of the hammock, with a dazed sort of feeling, and follows him. There is a confused singing in Vipr pars st.fi (the stumbles throneh to the drawingroom. Surely it is all some horrid dream, from which she will presently awaken. She pinches herself to make sure that she is awake and everything real. Aunt Colney's exclamation of horror and wild sobbing reach her through the open door. Annie enters the room with a white, set face. She, too, has heard the dreadful news, and already prepares for the reception of the waggon with its sad burden. Her self- possession never for one moment deserts her in the emergency, and she is even able to pity Madge, as she says, with a face full of misery : Oh, Annie, he won't die — say he won't 1' Hush, dear, I oannot tell. We will try onil hnna (nr rlia liaet Sit dnvn hora ' Yfadge only half hears, but she obeys. Annie leaves the room, and Madge buries her face in her hands and groans aloud. Will he die ? oh 1 will he die ? And she was bo unkind to him yeBterday. He must , he will get better, if it is only to hear her say she is sorry, and that she may make amends for the needless pain she caused. Heavy steps come tliiough the hall from the back of the house. Madge cannot bear it any longer. As she turns to go to her own room she passes Frank's. The door is open, and Uncle and Aunt Colney, with Annie, and Butler, who is crying, are gathered round the bed. some impulse moves her, and she goes in. Butlsr makes way for her, and she feels as if turned to etone. Can that be Frank ! The blue eyes are half closed, and there is a deathly pallor : under the habitual bronze. On the broad i white forehead there is an ugly gash, from ; which Mrs. Colney is smoothing away the \ fair curly hair as she kneels at the bedside trying to repress her sobs, and to find some gleam of consciousness in the still features, j He breathes in convulsive gasps, broken now J and then by a groan, which tears the hearts j of the listeners. j Annie, catching a alimnse of Madge's 1 stricken white face, puts her arm round her. Come away now, it will do you no good.' Madge suffers herself to be led away mechanically and placed in an arm- chair in her own room. Then Annie shuts the door and goes back to the sufferer, wondering which of the two she pities most. Dr. Heywood arrives in hot haste, and though, comparatively speaking, a young man, he knows his business, and goes quickly and silently to work. 4 Three ribs broken and concussion of the brain,' is his verdict. Oh ! the weary, weary hours of those days. Will Madge ever forget them ? Dr. Heywood forbids the presence of any. : one in the room, except those in strict attend- ! ance, and so she does not see Frank again for many days. Phil, who, knowing nothing of the finci. I dent, came over to Beeallac the same night, has proved a valuable acquisition. All the night-watching he has insisted upon under, taking, and, through all Frank's incoherent ! wanderings, proves the gentlest and most ; soothing of nurses. Madge has often to interview the different callers, and no one knows what it costs her to answer their inquiries. Mrs. Carley and .Alice are struck with the misery in every feature of her face, and the latter fee is more kindly -disposed towards her than she has yet done, and gives her hand a sympathetic squeeze at parting, whioh brings the tears welling up to Madge's eyes. She has never Ariflll volt K1TIA it hannanaA j . I . . j u.rpt.uBu — -wuuia mat sne could ; she might feel better able to bear it then. It is awful to see Dr. Heywood 's face getting graver and graver after each visit, and Phil going about with that broken, hearted look. It is ten days after the accident that Annie comes into the diningrotm, where Madge sits pouring out poor, dispirited uncle's coffee, ' f 4 4 Papa, Frank has qpoken at last !' Madge starts viqfcntly, bat restrains her. eelf. i Ttantraoii WBpit did ha uy?' querie. Ml. Oolney, inUbtening np. 4 Merely asked it Madge was there, and then dropped off. Phil says it is the first real sleep he has had all the time, and that this is probably the turning-point.' ' Tou are sure he wasn't wandering ?' says Mr. Colney, slow to grasp the good news. ' Quite — oh, no, the expression of hie eyes was quite different, and besides, wheo I asked him if he knew me, he said, 44 Yes-. Annie." ' Madge has risen and left the room. Annie finds her in her own, sobbing wildly. It is the first time she has given way through it all, and now that the sealed fountains of her heart are let loose, there is no restraining them What would sue not nave given to be able to cry like that in the days past, when : ehe saw no hope' written on every face in : the house, Annie s excepted, who through all ! had endeavoured to look cheerful, more for the sake of those around her than from any ; feeling of the kind. i And he asked for her I When wiil she be able to see him and tell him that it was all a mistake — that she never meant the answer she gave him ? What could have possessed her then ? He took it in such a brave, manly way, too. Cruel wretch thai she was ! Annie lets her cry on for a time, gently patting the bowed head. She has no doubt of the truth of her conjectures now. ' Annie r Yes, dear. ' Promise me that— that, if he asks for me again, you will let me see him ?' —in a broken voice. ' Yes, of coarse, you shall ; but only if yon promise not to cry like this. It would never do for him to be excited ; and I do think, if we are careful, he will get better now. We will see what Dr. Heywood says when he comes this morning. And now you stay here ; you look like a ghost. I should just like to snow how much breakfast you have had. Now, I am going to bring yon in some toast and a cup of hot tea. By lunch-time you will be yourself again, and able to see that poor old daddy gats his comfortably. I didn't let mamma get up. This anxiety has quite worn her out.' Madge's sobs come at longer intervals, and ehe thinks how selfish it is of her adding to the trouble in any way. She drinks the tea that Annie brings her, and feels the batter for it. Yes, Frank is decidedly better : the slppn into which he had fallen proved the turn ing-point in the delirium and fever which up to this time have been running their coarse, torturing his brain and depriving him of sense. Neither Phil nor his mother has failed to notice daring his wanderings how often Madge's name fell from the parched lips, and their conclusions are drawn accordingly. It is just a fortnight from the day of the aocident when Madge sees him again. He has been Bte&dily; mending for three or four days now, and Phil has returned to Gundal to see how things are progressing there, with the intention of. returning in the evening again. Mr. Colney has persuaded mamma to go for a drive with him as tar as the town- oVti n onn Annio cita of th head of the bed. A slight stir on the part of the patient attracts her attention, which is followed by a heavy sigh. ' Annie 1' Yes, Frank ; what is it ?' A passe. 4 Is Madge still here?' 'Yes, of conrse; and most anxious about you, poor child.' Annie thinks it as well to add this last. She notices a slight flush rise to his delicate face, which soon dies away, leaving it as pale as before. Has she ever been in to sea me when I — when I didn't know it — you know ? No ; but that was not her fault ; 6he was in a great state about you.' The flush comes up again. Wily Annie f Do you think she'd mind coming now, if I sent for her ?' 4 1 am sure, nothing, wonld please her better. And now promise me that you will not excite yourself — bending over him and stroking the fair dose crop that is jast beginning to grow again. Of course I promise. And, I say, Annie — I got Phil to give me a shave this morning — do I look presentable otherwise V Annie laughs as she answers in the fimflTlAtivA And lo&vai; frHea rnnm onr? Pfnk. _ avwtvo MWU» ««« — — — 1 with his heart going fast, waits. A few minutes only have elapsed, when a light step enters, and Madge comes softly to the bedside and takes the thin hand lying on the counterpane between both her own. She is shocked beyond expression at the change she sees in him as ehe gazes into his face, her mouth quivering ana her whole heart in her eyes. 4 Frank— oh, Frank, say that yoa forgive me?' 4 Why, Madgie, I have nothing to fcrgive you that I know of,' he replies feebly. 4 Ob, yes, you have,' she bursts out; 4 forgive my nastiness and unkindness the day of the picnic. Oh, Frank, I never meant what I said. I didn't, indeed ; and, oh, I have been so miserable ever since.' The tears spring into her eyes. RVunlr A Arts? i/lT, ui eurpisQ then draws her face down near his own. 4 Then you didn't mean the answer yo® gave me, Madge?' 4 No, Frank.' 4 And that, after all, you do care for me-" poor old worthless me ?' As I never will care for anyone else in ths world. Oh, dear ! I've been so miserable and Madge gives a sigh of relief, as if ier troubles are over for ever — as indeed they at® for the time being 4 My darling !' is all he says as he holds her close, and their lips meet in one long burning kiss, the joy of which amply compensates for all the sorrow atd misery that both have ex- perienced. \ _ 4 Then you &re;\ not in love with If® Greville ?' remarks rauk, a few niinot®® later, with a laugh inwris languid eyes. 4 Never was, and neviftr wilt he,' is the r®- spouse. " ; \ ' Madgie, my love, ycifh arc sure ycu know what you are saying, anl that this is not tn mere outcome of nitv forLmy disabled con dition? he &Bks;, a mtflQentar? fr 0 crossing his wan face at th inere th004, Her answer reassures hink- Ub«» j I am not likely to make; 416 same ttf Q®8" twice, Frank. Onto for kit! t idl yon I love yon at X never knew what before, and have done so all along, for the matter of that.' There is a sound as of tears in her voice again. 4 Bless you,' says Frank, holding her tightly. 1 Do yon know, little woman, I feel ten times better already since I heard that ? It seems now that I have something to live for, bat before- — ' 4 Well ?' 4 1 bad no heart left, and didn't care how or when it ended.' 4 Oh, Frank, how wicked.' 4 It's the troth, though.' Madge's arms are about hie neck aft her soft cheek laid to his. She thinks it is time she went. She promised Annie to stay only five minutes, and at least a quarter of an hour has gone. 4 Bother the time,' growls Frank, who does not believe in relinquishing his new-found treasure So soon. 4 However, if yon mast go, you must,' and for the space of two minutes or so the two behave in what to uninterested «meetators would seem a hiehiv ridiculous fashion. Madge retires, meeting Annie in the pas sage. The latter cannot repress a laugh, and when Madge sees her flushed face and tumbled hair in her lookingglase, she knows the reason. But, oh, how blissfully happy she is ! How different from this morning's are her feelings ! Annie notices the happy light in her eyes at dinner, and at bed-time Madge tells her the rest. As Mrs. Colney bends over her son that evening and imprints a kiss on the blue mark which is all that remains of the terrible gash, he opens his heart to her. And as Madge is just getting into bed, she is surprised at finding herself kissed and cried over by her aunt, who, as soon as she can find words to express what she means, intimates that Frank has told her all. In the morning Mr. Colney enters the invalid's room beaming all over. 4 Lucky yonng dog yon are, Frank ! Give me your hand, boy ! I must say you don't look much like an engaged man at present. You've got a fine wife if you've got Madge Elliot. Any amount of money ioto the bargain, too. He ! he 1 he I' 4 1 haven't got her yet,' says Frankf laconically, wishing he hadn't said anything at all about it till he was up and about. It i suddenly strikes him that perhaps Madge will ma! 1 i lrra ifc 4 Haven't you ? Well, you will sooner or later. I thought something was up while you were threatening to give up the ghost. She looked so ill herself. To give the dGvil his due, Davies has managed her affairs decently — aoubt if I could have done better by her myself. Where's the girl?' And off he tramps in search of Madge, who is not a little abashed by his somewhat boisterous congratulations. 8 he accepts Annie's version of the matter, however, which is 4 that papa is bo overjoyed at Frank's recovery that he must show it in some way.' Day after day the invalid gradually gains strength, and one Snnday morning early in April he comes into the drawingroom. The news of the engagement has not extended beyond the members of the house hold. This morning as he lies on the couch with a soft fur rug spread carefully over him, he looks a very different Frank from the one we saw at the opening of my story. Although, to use the doctor's words, he has made a 4 splendid recovery,' the traces of his sufferings are plainly visible in the thin attenuated hands, white and soft enough now, and the fir delicacy of his complexion, from which all the tan and sunburn have vanished. Madge enters the room with her work, and draws a small easy-chair up beside the couch. As she notices the blue veins that show with such painful distinctness at his temples, she realises for the first time bow nearly she lost him, and shudders at the thought. She wonders if Aunt Colney will consent to leave for England in August after all, and speaks her thought aloud. < Oh vpa what's to hinder her ?' save Frank. 4 I'll be all right by then— in fact, I'm all right now. Bnt, Madge ' 4 Well, old man !' 4 What do Mr. and Mrs. Davies think of our intentions ?' 4 Your intentions, you mean. I heard from Mrs. Davies this morning — sneh a nice, kind letter. She says she has implicit faith in my own good sense and taste, poor deluded dear !' Frank takes her face between his hands tenderly. 4 When ?' 4 When what 4 You know perfectly well, miss.' 4 No, I don't, really." 4 Well, as you oblige me to speak more plainly — when will you condescend to come to Beeallac altogether ?' Madge's face flushes. 4 When do aunt and ancle sail ?' 4 Middle of August.' 4 Then let it be August.' Annie, who comes to the door at this jnnc- aUa nawor eo tir fvn VrtTITior nPfkTllA iU&C;) iUlUAD "Uv UC » va J © a MT behaving more ridiculously, quite oblivions to some of her own passages with Fbil. She draws back a step or two, and gives a suggestive cough, which has the effect of making Madge sit properly in her chair and resume her work with the most innocent ex pression. 4 News for you,' says Annie, waving a letter. 4 Somebody's engaged— somebody else. 4 Who?' 4 Guess!' 4 Dr. Heywood aqd Alice,' exclaim Madge ftfld Frank in a breath. i Vab ««riVif T Yi a«r A iflftt hftd ft fiotft ffOIll LvB 9 J h£r announcing the fact. She informs me that she refused hina three timeB, but that he was so persistent she at last accepted him in pure self- defence. Only fancy — marrying a man to get rid of him !' and Annie laughs. 4 Do you think she cares about him?' queries Frank, gravely. 4 As much as she could care for anyone, I suppose,' Is the reply. But I am rathei surprised, after ail Alice's reported conquests, that she should settle down as a country doctor's wife. I should not think Mrs. Carley would approve. 4 She oonldnS get a better fellow thati 1 Hey wood — I -know that,' returns Frank, emphatiaally. 4 But for him I shouldn't be hereto say so.' Annie retires, and there Is complete silence for tVre -space of a few minutes. Frank speaks at last. 4 Ail I hope is that she will b9 a good wife to that fellow, and that they will both be happy— as happy as you and I mean to be. Madgie— tny own little Madgie !' Tub End. 