PRIMITIVE METHODIST OAMP MEETING. The Sandhurst Primitive Methodists, iu ac« cordance with the usage of their connection, held the annual camp meeting in the l.ower Camp Re serve yesterday. Previous to the camp meeting, however, a prayer meeting was held in the church in Uo wan-street. Tne lie v. Joaiah Smith pre* aided. At t*n a.m. a procession was formed, headed by Mr Smith* and marchel through the streets to the Camp Reserve, the choir, under the leadership o! Mr iiq>»K-stone, singing hymns along fch* way. On arriving in the rc-serve, prayer wa3 offered up, after which Ur J. P, Dunstan preached a sermon from the 3rd chapter of St. John, 14th and 15th vera- h: " And as Moses lifted up the serpent iu the wil lerness even so must the Son of Man be lifted up: that whosoever believeth in Ifim nhould not perish, but have everlasting life." The preacher in the course of bin remark* showed tho necessity for the Saviour dyimj, an I also referred to Nieodemus coming to tiie Saviour to be spoken to by that great Teacher. The ne^t sermon wa* preached by Mr J. Waterson, from the lGth chapter of St. Matthew, 24th verse; ; "Then said Jesus unto His disciples, if any man will come after me let him deny hims If and take up his cross and follow me." MrT. M. Kgtjlestone delivered a Bhort sermon from the 2nd chapter of The Ac's; Dart of the 3Sth and 30th vnra*8, tl And he shall receive the gift of the Holy Ghost, for the promise is on to you and your children." At h df past two o'clock in the afternoon the servi.e wa* continued and three other sermons wure preached before a large concourse of people. Mr. W. Barrass w is the iirst speaker, and he chor<o for his text the 22nd wrse of the 44th chapter of Isaiah—" I h ive blotted out as a thick clou i thy transgressions, and as a cloud thy sins; return unto me for I have redeemed thee."- Mr. I. Vsckerd followed, and preached from the 5th chapter of Romans aud the tith vtrs .—" For when we were yet without btrength, in due »inn Christ died for the ungodly." The last sermon was by the llev. J. Smith, from the words found in the 40th chapter of Isaiah and the 3rd verse-r-'4 The Voice of him that crieth in the wilderness, prepare ye the way of the Lord; make straight in the desert a highway for our. God.'1 Evening special services were corjdqcted Ox tho different fricative Wet^di^ churches, 