LIBERALISM IN HEALTH AND DISEASE. NOBODY with the most elementary knowledge of human nature is likely to believe that the principles of political evil which have been so disastrously developed during the reign of the present Government sprang up all at once in the minds of the present generation of Liberals. They have produced in two years a diplomatic convulsion and a great war, an agrarian revolution and an agrarian confiscation, something very like a rebellion and something very like a mutiny and it will probably be found that in a part of the United Kingdom the respect for law which is the sound health of States has through them permanently given way to a toleration of anarchy which is only seen in commonwealth dissolving through con- tagious poison. But the seeds of the opinions which directly led to these calami- ties are a great deal more than two years old. In all the stages of existence through which the party now in power has passed whether it called itself Whig, Liberal, Whig Radical, or Radical-Liberal - there may be detected in it a leaven of opinion which, unless properly moderated, might always have led to these miserable results. Sometimes, no doubt, this leaves acted more as a medicine than as a poison, and helped to correct the excessive opinions and extravagances of the politicians on the other side. But not the less was it capable under favouring circumstances of causing the disasters which of late have followed one another so constantly and closely that the sense of public appreciation is almost stunned by their bewildering succession. The party which canonised Russell and Sidney cannot have had any rooted dislike of conspiracy and murder ; the party which applauded Wilkes cannot have loathed disorder ; the party which made speeches in the House of Commons to comfort and encourage the revolted American colonists, and which lost no opportunity of depreciating Wellington and exalting Napoleon Buonaparte, cannot but have been capable of letting its patriotism fall into abeyance through the reckless- ness of Opposition ; the party which never passed over a chance of reviving or satirising the English country squires must always have been more or less ready to oppress the Irish landlord. Neverthe- less there were always influences abroad which more or less corrected in the long run these principles of evil-which indeed, as we have said before, were sometimes necessary for the mitigation or neutralisation of evils still greater than themselves. What has hitherto prevented the weaknesses of the Whig, Liberal, or Radical party from running to dangerous excess has been its periodical accession to office and the consequent revival of governmental instincts in its leaders. They have all of them hitherto been members of an aristocracy in which these governmental in- stincts were hereditary. Look at the Whig leaders from Fox to Palmerston, Fox, though through all his life he had a dangerous tenderness for disorder and anarchy, was born with a taste for despotism almost as strong as that of the Stuarts from whom he was descended and when once in' office nobody more thoroughly disappointed the enemies of his country who had calculated on his wild language in Opposition. Palmerston to the last was a Tory of the Tories in spirit. Between these came Lord Grey, who would always stand by his order;" Lord Melbourne, who was always for " letting it alone j" and Lord Russell, the very pendant of aristocratic doctrine. It is really impossible for anybody who looks soberly at the facts to doubt that the change which has given such wild indulgence to the dangerous element in Liberalism is closely connected with the accession of Mr. Gladstone to the leadership. In point of fact, he brings to his position nothing which can correct the poison in the blood of his party. For it is true, and we are not so much making a reproach as describing a psychological curiosity that Mr. Gladstone has no opinion at all. What stands with him instead of opinion is a faculty of self-persuasion, unique in the history of the human mind, which enables him to adopt with the utmost enthusiasm any of the opinions about him which may be to his interest for the time being, and of advocating them with the utmost earnestness and ingenuity. This extraordinary faculty is illustrated even more by Mr. Gladstone's religious than by his political history. He is still haunted by the ghosts of his old Laudian, as of his old Tory, principles ; but what is the measure of the change he has undergone from what point to what point his gift of self-persuasion has impelled him-is little known, because, however men may talk about his early work on "Church and Slate," they generally know it through Mac Aulay criticism and not because they have read it. Let any man really read what is said in it about the Irish Established Church, and then reflect that the writer lived not merely to dis- establish the Irish Church, but to spend the beggarly remnant of its endowments in enabling half-rebellious Irishmen to cheat their creditors and swindle the State and he will see that the fortunes of this country are at the mercy of a mental diathesis such as never existed before. We are not bringing a charge of dishonesty. The dishonest is he who does evil knowing it to be evil. But Mr. Gladstone is, like our first parents, in a state of innocence ยก he does not, know good from evil, when they are separated from one another by a certain interval of time. He does indeed eat the apple- the apple of political ambition ; but the effect on him is that the good of one moment turns into the evil of another, and the evil takes the colour of the good. He is perfectly honest, through having a morality of his own, absolutely unexampled in its war idleness and in the ever-changing shadows of its turning. Among old Whig or Liberal infirmities, which are apt to overpower all the instincts of sound government and good sense just as in the present year we have seen the poppies crowd out every other weed of the field, and just as last year there seemed to be no insect on the wing except the daddy-long-legs - there is one which during the last three weeks has thriven in the minds of the party at the expense of every other mental growth. The Whigs life, of course, the party of the people ; they exist to give substance to its sympathies and effect to its commands. But when once their opinions have lifted them to power, they have quite outdone their opponents in contempt for popular sentiment. The classical example of the peculiarity is, of course, the repeal of the Triennial Act, passed to give a Whig Government four more years of power. But further instances abound. It was Burke who invented the phrase "penal dis- solution." It was Fox who made a Whig I'ni'li.uneiil pass resolution upon resolution against lift s suspected intention to appeal to the country. It was a AVhig-Riuucal Government which, about forty years ago, humiliated itself to the very dust before it would dissolve. And now, during the whole period of the crisis which has just ended so unexpectedly, the one senti- ment dominant in the Ministerial whip was Linnie fear of the public, the people, the constituencies. Who was it that on the same day communicated to the whole Radical press an " identical note " proclaiming what Mr. Gladstone meant to do if the Lords refused to assent- to ' till Commons amendments on the Irish Arrears Bill-? There was to be an immediate prorogation ; the Arrears Bill was to be passed as amended by the House of Commons ; if the Lords rejected it a bill of " three lines " was to be passed assimilating the county to the borough franchise, which the Lords might accept Or not as they pleased. . Then, and not till then, would Mr. Gladstone dissolve. This precious programme, semi-officially communicated to the Press, must have originated' with some one in authority. It was one of the most disgraceful acts of our time, fertile in. disgrace. It was a deliberate proposal to pass without consideration a measure which, if passed, will be one of the most important measures of our genera- tion, and it was a plan for " gerrymandering" the constituencies before consulting them. 