Consecration of tho Right Rev. I)r. Dnnne. (Mi Sunday l;isl, (he 1 <S(11 instant, in Si. Stephen's ('a< 11<m 1 ra 1, tin1 Ihylit low. Hubert i Minin', I Miwas solemnly consecrated l’islmp of lirisbane. This was, witlinut doubt, (lie yreatest and most important religious cere mony that has ever been witnessed in (bis colony. We believe we may say also that it was the grandest, and most impressive. The openiny and bles^iny of the cathedral in 1K7S was Hie only function which could be in any way compared t,o if. There was not, however, in the ceremony on that occasion (he solemn siyn’neaiieo which unde the event of Sunday so deeply interesting:. As His (•Jnu:c Archbishop Vaughan remarked in liin senium in the evening, the conseeratirm of the new Bishop reminded all 'present of this wonderful manifeslat ion on tlm day of 1Vnleenst, when the Holy Hhost, in the form of tongues of lire, came down on the Aposii. ,, and repleuisheil (hem with Ids divine sore and sent them forth to subdue the p eem world to the sweet, yoke of Christ. Tin Apostles received their mission from on high and that, same mission they were empowereo and direeh'd to impart to other fitting men to he their coadjutors and successors. And these in like manner communicated this apostolic power and mission to others. And so, from aye to ay, from the Apostolic times to (he presen!, this divine mission has passed from Bishop to I’.ishop in unhrokmi sequence. ! i is ihe knowledge: of the fact of I bis Apostolical succession which makes the con secration of a Bishop so grand, so solemn, so awfully significant. As this was the first lime lliaf the consecration of a Bishop look place in this colony the greatest eagerness was manifested by all classes to be. present and witness the ceremonial. The interest thus manifested was not due solely to the randy and grandeuro!' the function. Venera tion and love for tin: 1 >ishop-eIect teas a principal motive in assembling those who composed the congregation in St. Stephen's on Sunday. There was, besides, a very general desire. to have an opportunity of si.u-ing: 11 is draco Archbishop Vaughan, and the other prelates and clergy from the neigh bouring colony, who had assembled for the consecration of (he. new I>ishop of Brisbane. There was only one drawback to the complete success <>f (he ceremony and that was the the weather. A more wretched and de pressing day could hardly ho imagined. Bain eommenred shortly aid er midnight on Saturday and continued almost without intermission til! late on Sunday evening". The only effect produced by the luces,amt downpour was to diminish the attendance, which, nevertheless, was ojiiwri" the largest ever seam at St. Stephen’s. Tim d”sb;e to he present at so rare, so gram!, and -i.imporiant a function made people oh hvimi , of the discomfort of the jouruev to .mi from the cathedral, as well as the gw,,t Ie;iig 11 of t he ceremony. The hour lined for ’in- commencement, was half-past 11 oVhn k, aim o [Ore that, time t he cathedral 'was crowded bv an immense congregation, i .im posed not merely of the ('at.iiolies of Brisbane, 1ml also of many visitors from the iwuitiv wlm had travelled long distances to he pro-cut There was also a. largo number of non-: 'al l: lies amongst the eongregation. Admi.-i.-w to the cathedral was by ticket. The whole of the arrangements for prescrying order and regularity were in the, hands of the Key. I). I'd m! i v, A d minis! rat or, who was assist od I > v (he Key. John n'Beilly and a number of lay gent lemwi. These arrangements were earned oni m a most; sal isfaetory way. Tim o.ine Iiiary had been prepared with great care and he-te for llm ceremony. 'Idle Archbishop's throne was creeled mi the epistle side, op posite tim throne of (ho Bishop of the d ioom e, and faring t lie high altar within the. sandnary rails, three seats were pivn,uvd— the reiitre 'me for (he Bishop elect, ami (lie. other two for tlm Assistant; Bishop,.. The prie-dieit and seal for (lie Bishop of Boek iiamp! m were on the gospel side war the altar, d ie' whole floor of the sanctuary was cover-,! by a handsome Brussels earpe) |,iv cell! eli bv I lie t 'atholic ladies of Brisbane, 'idie. ornament it ion of t he high altar ami its sui'roundings r< Heels great credit.mi tie Si.-.ters of bi-rev, to whom the work was confided, d’lie t!oral decorations were rich and appro priate. The wall behind the altar wa- covered with a. curt a in of crimson damask , along the. top of which was inscribed in idler.-, of gold the tect. " /Aar :<-rrmln:< ;//,;. /c u ■: <// ’ill (! irhn:: jilnniil Ijt'n cl inr,.i,'."S c.-i ju.-lnx" (” I '.‘hold a great priest who in his days pleased < wd and was found just”). On the mntnil part of this curtain, ludiind the. aliar. was si ret cl led a beautiful piece of em broidery wrought in thread of gold. 'Two altars.are required lor the com-eerat ion of a Bishop, one for the ( duiseeruting Prelate, and 1 !w ot h-r for I lie Bishop-elect. The high altar v a eon as | mm !,| y prepa r-d for the A re h bishop, and the altar ill the l.adv (fliapel for the. B i;-1 mp-el-e!. All the a r ra oge n i e n I s for tin: eoiis--ral ion w ere, made ami carried out under l he. sup-.-rinl-.udema- of (he. Very Bev. Bean 1 hvyer, assisted by the iJrv.-.laiims .1. Horan, and both rev. gentlemen are to he. compli nwnt ■-! on !h- jr'iTerl way in which they discharged their functions. It is perhaps well to remark that the consecration of a Bishop pin's- within the Mas a/'ir), which on this Ore Mass. Wo give a vs vhoh' of the rite of ■ we are aware-; that th; ghmit the colony will u-rmam-nl record of : hanlly necessary to air aeeonnt is an Kngli aitin used in the rile of Tin- ( e.renn ! I'-i'asl: 1 1 o' talus nwi tin thi It th; tin (inlni Mixxarn 111 shai was a solemn v fall account of consoerai ion. be isamls of persons ie ph-aseil to have i great an (Went, ■mind the readier ish translation of ■eeration. commenced shortly alter k. The Bishops and clergy Bed sent were as follows:—-Con \--the Most Ih-v. Roger . B.. Arehl>Is 11(>p of Sydne he Bie'lit 11e v. , Hubert cratine- Pre Yniighan, : Bishop-elect I iiimir, I >.I >. : A« Mm int it Rev Bishops—the R > !>., Bishop of William Bank : the Right iglit Ih-v. , Maitland : ai mm ]>.]>.. I Rev. John i annas id the ■ishop Cani. D.D.. Pries -th. Rev. -tin dame B vrn Tl'and Ih-'.o the k ban , Bishop of Rockhampton ; Assistant t--The Rev. ,J. R. M. Connolly : i Karon \- Rev. -I. A. Canali : Sub-deacon— the J. M. Cummins : Masters of Ceremonies Very Rev. I lean Dwyer and the Rev. s d. Horan : Chaplains—the Rev. I.). -I. e, to the Bishop-elect ; the Very Rev. Ik d, Y.G.. to the Bishop of Maitland, the . .V. Horan, to the Bishop of Gmdbnrn ; Rev. T. O'Connell, to the Bishop of Rock ] at on ; Xotary—tin? Rev. ♦!. I>. Breen : and the Rev. hi. Fonhy, the Rev. .John (Vi-hilly, the Very Rev. Dean Kenny, the Rev. B. iScortechini, the Rev. B. Capra, and the Rev. R. Corrigan. The altar hoys, and the clergy in soutane and surplice entered from the sacristy on the opis11e side and took their places. From the sacri-M v oil the gospel side tin* procession entered the sanctuary in tin* following order: —Thurifer, acolytes, cross-bearer, the snb dent on, the deacon, the assistant priest, the Most Rev. Mr. Vaughan, followed by the train-bearers. After kneeling for a.short time led ore the high altar, His Grace look' his sent on the throne on the epistle side where la- r.-nd th..1 prayers before Mass. The vest ments which were p]aeed on the high altar w.-iv carried to His (4race by a procession of alt. Hie A n fn tin m am -t<-d Rh ch lit An hie the tim A ft m whom ih-dcacun who ; ishop in vesting. As som , the Assistant Bishops Ur. Murray, of Maitland. Rev. Mr. Kanignn, with t ml the Right Rev. Dr. Cani. ins eiilered the sanctuary, ishop with the assistant prie li-ileacon. the .Bishop, am ■rev approached and ktic mt of the altar. d rose. Tl taken bv ssisted tin as he was dm Right and the ie Bishop witli their AM, Ha iriest, deacon, l the whole of hurt for the R tic Rek Gat pause all he predelbi with his ct with tlu ii self he fort dstnnt Bish lie. Church, and took iark to the Vsjstant 1 tin- Arch! P (V hi: mo]' Oil dtar. Imrav), then ith i Ionian HIV ric in th. a Bishop yon tIn sist ant 1‘ The tolii Ai op s; mam 11 t h tic -li'-d. - W-. i ml. it lie notary, tu ct then kn k the lls.ll; Ti A. to Gn.l. Will inte (he Archbishop Idle Bishops I Haill hslinp-eloet alsi to the examination. “ of (he Holy Fathers, that: he who is elio: islmp. be tii-sf most di ith ail Christ ian charily d' the Holy Trinity : 'gated, concerning -l morals which an which being lid, " Thaul seated and mitred the Archbishop Tl it tin the i vim of and a ma in Md Si-! I i tlmv Iiamh interrogate tin eharirv JUld sn ahilit v Th oernmg' ; and that he tile (lit li Tell t la-lit ting such he kept up : the Apostle : nt hands lightly upon any man :’ at lie, who is about to he ordained, .trm-ted how every one. elevated eminent, is hound to demean liim Cllurch of (<od : and, finally, that ;ive the- consecrating imposition of y he irn-prehousib-r. Thcrcrorc, ie authority and precept, we now most beloved Brother, in sincere, whether thou wilt conform join thv wisdom, to the utmost, oi thy to die sense of the. Sacred Scriptures." Rislmp-eli.-cl, standing uncovered, replied. “ So, with all my heart. I wish in all' thing's to consent and obey.” In other answers the. Bishop elect rose and stood uncovered in the same maimer. " Wilt thou, doth by wort Is and example, teach the dock, for wliicli tiiou art ordained, those tiling whicli thou under.-.tanilest from the Holy Scriptures?” " T will.'1 " Wilt thou re verent! v receive, teach, and keep (he tradi tions of the Orthodox Fathers, ami the authoritative enactments of the Holy and Apostolic See ?” - ! will.’’ “ Wilt thou uni formly render to Peter, the Blessed Apostle, to whom lev God. was given the power of binding and loosening, and to his A icar, Leo X III., and to his successors the Bishops of leone, lidelitv, subjection. and obedience, according to the in junctions of the Canons 1” " 1 wili.'! “Wilt thou restrain thy practices from all evil, and to the utmost of thy power, God helping, direct them to all goodness ?” " [ will.” '• Wilt thou, with < J oil's assistance, observe thyself, and, teach others to observe, chastity and sobriety ?” “ I. will.” “Wilt thou for ever continue a bondsman in the affairs of God, and estranged from earthly affairs and base lucre, as far as human frailty permits thee?” “ 1 will.” “ Wilt thou preserve humility and patience in thyself, and teach (he like to others? "1 will.” “ Wilt thou, for the sake of God’s holy name, lie affable and merciful to the poor, to the stranger, and to all in need ?” “ 1 will." Then the Archbishop said, “ These and all other good gifts may the Lord confer upon thee, and may He keep thee, and strengthen thee in all goodness,” To this all answer, “Amen.” “ Dost thou believe, according to the measure of thy nnderstandinv and concep tion, the Holy Trinity, Father, Son, and Holy Ghost, to he one G<>d Almighty; and that the whole Godhead is in the Holy Trinity ; in essence, in .substance, in eternity, and omni potence the same ; of one wiil, power and majesty, the Creator of all creatures, from whom are. all things, through whom are all things, and in whom are nil things which are in Heaven, or in earth, vidblc and invisible, ! corporal ami spiritual ?" “ 1 assent, and so 1 believe.” “Dost tlcui believe that, in the IIolv Trinity, each Lemon is the one Inns, full, ' and perfect God ?” “Ido believe.,” “Dost 1 thou believe that tie' very Son of God, the I Word of God, horn of the Father from ad j eternitv, eonsubstanf ini. of the same power, j and in all things co-cpial with the Father in 1 City, was born in time of the Holy Ghost, | from Alary ever a virgin ; having two births, one before all ages from the Father, the other in time from a Mother; that he is true God and true Man, proper and perfect in both natures ; not an adopted nor ideal son, but the only and the one Son of God. ; in two natures and of Iwo natures, hut in the singleness of one Person, impassible and immortal in IIis God head : and yet, that in liis human nature, He sull'ered for us, bv a true sntiering of the flesh, and was buried ; and, with a. true resur rection of the llesh. rose again on the third dav ; and that on the fortieth day after His resurrection, with tits Hcsii in winch He rose, and with His soul, lie asecmlcd into Heaven ; and that He silt.-th mi the rigid hand of tlm Father, and thence will cun to judge the living' ami the dead ; and wid render to every one according to his works, whether they he good or whether timy be evil? “ 1 assent, and so in every pond: I do believe.” “ Dost tiiou likewise believe, that, the Holy Ghost is full, and perfect, and true God, proceeding from tiic 1' Hither and the Son. eo-ei|unl and eo-essentia,, co-omnipotent, and .-o-ela“niul, in all tilings, with the Father and the Son?” “ f believe.” “ Dost thou believe tin's Holy Trinity to be. not three Gods, but one God Almighty, eternal, in visible, iim-hangoable ? ” ! believe ‘ " 1 >ost thou believe that the Holy Catholic and Apostolic Church is the ow true ('iuu'ch, in winch the one time baptism is given, and tin5, true remission of all sins ? “1 believe, j “Host tiiou also anathematize, every hrresy. which iifteth itself up agaim-t this holy Catho lic Church ?” “ I do anathematize them.” Host Hum also believe in a true resurrection of the same llesh which thou now boarcst. and a life everlasting ?” “ 1 believe. “ Dost thou also believe tlint of the New and the Old Testament, of the Law, and of the Prophets, mid of the Annslles, (here is b = one ami the same author. God the Lord Almighty?” “ 1 believe. Two the Arch- . bishop said, “ May this fa:tl) be increased for | thee bv the Lord, unto ' iy true and eternal j bliss, most beloved hnH.rer in Christ.’ To j this all answer, “ Amen." . ! The Bishop-elect was conducted by the Assistant Bishops, to the Archbishop, an l kneeling 1> •fori; him, reverently kissed his hand. The Archbishop’s mitre was taken off. am,l tummy to tire altar with his assis tants, he began the Coniitoor in tin usual manner ; the Bishop-elect remaining at his left hand. The Assistant Bishops, with their chaplains, said the Oonliteor, at their spa's. This being s;ii-1, the Archbishop went up to tiua a,Itar. which !i 3 incensed, nsiia1, and then continued the praveis of Mass, to the ernl of the Epistle aid Tract. The Bishop eiect was conduet'-d hy the Assistant Bis ho ns to his Chapel. There the cope unis taken off, and he was vested with sandals, pectoral cross, llowiny stole, tunic, dalmatic, chasuble, and linniple. He then proceeded to his altar, and recited the service of the Mass, to the end of the Epistle and Tract. This beiny done, the Archbishop sat down. The Bishop-elect stood before him. Tim Archbishop thus addressed the Bishop elect : ‘‘It is the duty of a Bishop to judge, to interpret the Scriptures, to consecrate, to ordain, to make oblation, to baptize, and to confirm.” All then rose, and the Archbishop,, standing- mitred, said to the congregation : “ Let us pray, my dearest : rethren, that Al mighty God, providing, in His beneficence, for the utility of Ilis Church, may bestow a plenteousness of grace on this Elect through Christ our Lord. Amen.” The Archbishop then knelt before his seat, as well as the Other Bishops and Clergy in their respective places; and the Bishop-elect lay prostrate, on the left side of the Archbishop, whilst the Litany of the Saints was chanted hy the Rev. D. J. Byrne and the Rev. J. P. Fitzpatrick, the choir responding. Towards the end of the Litany, the Archbishop, rising, and holding the crosier in his left hand, turned to the Bishop-elect, and said as follows, malting at the words, “ Bless, Sanctify, Consecrate,” the sign of the Crus- over the Bishop-elect ; the Assistant Bishops saying and doing the same, kneeling in their pi aces “ That thou vouch safe to bless this Licet Imre present, We beseech Thee hear ik" “ That Thou vouch safe to bless and to sanctify this Elect here present, We beseech thee hear us.” "That Thou vouchsafe to bless and to sanctify and to consecrate this Elect here present, We beseech thee' hear us.” The Arch bishop again knelt and the Litany wascontinued. At the end of the. Litany all rose. The Arch bishop stood before ill's .‘-eat mitred, and tllC Bishop-elect knelt before him. The Arch bishop tookthe Boole of the Gospels, and with the assistance of tlm other Bishops, in silence, placed it open, over the neck and shoulders of the Bishop-elect ; and. in this position it was held hy one of the Clergy, until the tra dition of tlm Gospels. Then the Archbishop, and tlm assistant Bishops, each touching with both hands the head of the Elect, said. ® Arrija Spiritual Saa-!-'a. (y Receive thou the Holy Ghost.”) The Archbishop, standing uncovered, 11 ion prayed : " Be thou propitious, O Lord, to mir supplications, and opening upon this Thy servant, the fountain of sacerdotal grace, pour forth upon him Thy cflicacious benediction : Through our Lord .1 esus Christ, who, together with Thee, liveth and roignetb, in the unit)’ ni. the Holy Ghost. The Archbishop, standing with his hands ex tended, then comm'-need the Consecration Preface. “it is truly meet and just, rig!it and wholesome, that we always, and in all places, should give thanks to Time, <) holy Lord. Almighty Father, Everlasting God, the source of all honour to those who, invested with (lignite, minister each in his sacred rank to Thy glory : 0 God. who, when instructing,, in secret and familiar converse. Thy servant Moses, west pleased, amongst other lessons of divine worship, to prescribe to him also the forms of priestly attire, and didst command that Aaron, Thy Fleet. should be robed, during tlm performance of sacriliee, in mysterions garments. to the end that posterity m'hdit derive sacred knowledge from the example of their forefathers, and no age he destitute of thy instruction : since with them of old, the beauty of symbols commanded reverence ; and with us the experience of the realities supersedes tim darkness of figures. For tlm attire of that former priesthood notifies to us the ornaments of the mind ; and sacerdotal glory is iml now recommended by tlm grandeur of robes. but by the beauty of souls. For even those things which then gratified the carnal sight, claimed attention rather to the things they signified. Where upon this T!iy servant, whom Thou hast chosen to minister !o Thee in the* dignity of High Priest, that whatsoever in those mystical garments* was implied hy the glitter of gold, 1 he sparkling et diamonds, and tin* variesi m-lnn-ss of < mbroidcrv. may shine in Ids morals* and deeds. Achieve in Thy priest, the. completion of Thy ministry ; and after cloth ng him with the brightness of all glory, sanctify him with the dew of celestial ointment.” The Archbishop discontinued the Preface.*. The head of the Liishop-clcct, preparatory to his being annointed, was wrapped round witdi linen. The Archbishop knelt before the- Altar, and commenced the hymn, “ hem', Creator iSju'iatnrC which was continued to (lie end, by the assistants and. choir. The Archbishop, at the end of the first, verse, ro.-e from his knees, was seated and mitred ; he, took off his gloves and ring, hut replaced the ring on 11 is* linger. An apron was laid mi his knees, and he then anointed the head, of the Pushup elect, kneeling before1 him, first round, and then on the crown, saying : “ lie the head anointed and consecrated, in the order of High Priest, by Heavenly benediction. In the name of the Father, and of the .Son, and oi the Ifo'y Ghost. Amen. Peace be with thee,’’ to which is replied. “And with thy spirit.’’ Alter the anointing, the Archbishop washed Ins hands ; and continued the Preface, in the same tone as before. “ May this, O Lord, flow abundantly on bis bead ; may it reach his lips ; may it descend to die extreme parts of his body : so that the power of Thy Spirit may replenish him in teriorly, and cover him all round exteriorly. May the constancy of faith, the purity ot divine love, and the sincerity of peace abound in him. May his feet, by Thy gift, be betmt.il ill to preach peace, and to carry glad tidings of good filings. Give 1o him, () Lord, the ministry of reconciliation, in words, and in deeds, in the. power of signs and pro digies. Let. his speech and preaching be. not in the persuasive words of human wisdom, but in the showing of the Spirit and power. Give to him, () Lord, the keys of the king dom ot heaven, lin'd lie may employ, without ostentation, tlm power which Thou dost im part, for edification, and not for dost motion. Whatsoever lie shall hind on eardi, he it hound also in heaven ; and whatsoever he shall loosen on earth, he if loosened also in heaven : whose sins In* shall retain, he they retained, and whose sins lie shall remit, may they he l.y dime remitted. Whosoever sha'll curse him, he himself accursed : and whoso ever shall bless him he himself replenished with benediction. May lie he jin* faithful and wise servant, whom Tlmu, () Lord, ap pointest. over Thy family, to give them moat in season, and to render every man perfect. •May he he in watchfulness diligent, in spirit fervent.; may he detest pride ; may lie love humility and truth, and he never led by praise or fear to abandon them. May he never put light for darkness, nor darkness for light ; may he never call evil good, nor good evil ; may he he, to (he wise and to the unwise, a. debtor, that from the profit of all lie may gather fruit. Promote him. O Lord, to the Episcopal chair, to rule Thy Church, and the. Flock committed to him. Me Thou unto him authority: be Thou his power, he Thou his strength. Multiply upon him Tiiy bened ietions and grace ; that by 1 I iv gift he may he worthy (o ehjain mercy through his prayers: and Iw, by Thy grace, devoted to Thy love.” And then in ;i lower tone he thus concludes; *• Through our Lord Jesus Christ, Thy Son, who, to gether with Thee, liveih and reigneth in the unify of the Holy Ghost, God, worid without end. Annul.” The Preface being ended, the psalm “ here f/tur/n- limanii." v as chanted hy the h’ev. J. P. Fit/patrick and by the choir. Meantime, the Archbishop took his seat and mitre ; the Iiisliop-efecf kneeling before him. with joined hainh-. which the Archbishop anointed, first, crossing them, in the form of a cross, and then anointing the entire palms, saying' : “ P>e these hands anointed with sacred oil, and the chrism of sum! i lira I ion, as Samuel anointed David, to he King and I’rnphet, so he. (hey anointed and consecrated. Hi the name of God the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost, bearing on them the likeness of the holy Cross of our Saviour, the Lord J esns Christ, who redeemed us from death, and obtained for us the king dom of Heaven. i fear us, G Pious Almighty Father, Eternal God, and grant that what we ask in prayer we may obtain : Through Lie wine Christ our Lord. Amen.” Then sitting, lie continue':'. " May Cod the .leather of our Lord .Jesus: Christ, whom ii hath pleased to ex,'tit tliee to the dignity of High Priesthood, liiniscli abundantly shed on lice the sacred chrism and mysterious ointment. and plenti fully enrich thee with His spiritual beuedie tion : whatever thou shad Kc.-s, be it blessed : and whatever llioti siiail sanetifv, be it sanctitied ; and may die laying- on of these sacred hands profit; all. mib> salvation. Amen.” The anointed hands of tiie Lishop-eicct; were hound with linen, and the. Archbishop, star,diny without mitre, blessed the Crosier, saying: ‘A ) (Job, the support of human inbeeility, bless this staff ; and that which it externally represents, do Tie m internally effect, by the clemency of Thy goodness, in the morals of this Thy servant. Throned! Christ our Lord. Amen.” Jle sprinkled the Crosier with holy water ; and being; sealed and mitred, placed it between the lingers of the liishop elect saying : “ deceive this staff of the pastoral oflice, that in the correction of vice, thou mayest employ severity with kindness, and exercise judgment without anger : and that in cherishing virtue, thou mayest; soothe the minds of thy hearers, without neglecting, in thy peacefulness, (he severity of reproof. Amen.” The Archbishop stood up, without mitre, to bless the King. *■ () Creator and Preserver of mankind, the Fountain of spiritual grace, and the Author of salvation, do Thou impart Thy blessing to this King, that, whoever shall walk distinguished by this sacred emblem of lidelity, may come, under the power of heavenly protection, unto life everlasting. Through Christ our Lord. Amen.” He sprinkled the ring with holy water, and being seated and mitred, put it on the linger of the Bishop-elect, sa.ying : “ deceive this King, the pledge of alliance, that, being adorned with the token of un tainted lidelity, thou mayest guard with honour incorrupt, the spouse of Cod, His holy Church. Amen.” The. Archbishop received the Look of the Cospols, hitherto held open over the shoulders of the Bishop elect, closed it, and with the assistance of the other Bishops, presented it to the touch oi the, newly consecrated Bishop, saying, “ deceive the < Jos pel, and go forth, and preach it to the people committed to thee: for Cod is powerful to augment His grace to thee, who 11vetli and reigneth world without end. Amen” The Archbishop, and the other Bishops, tlmii received the newly consecrated liishop to the Kiss of Peace, each saving to him : " Peace he to tliee.” To which he replied : “■ And with thy spirit.” Aider this the newly consecrated Bishop, ae companiod by the Assistant Bishops, returned to his Chapel, and having his braid and hands wiped from the chrism, with crumbs of bread and linen, washed his hand.', as did also the Consecrator : and both in their respective Chapels went on with Mass, to the end of the. ( )ffertory. Then the Archbishop sealed himself with his mitre, on, before the middle of the til tar ; and the newlv eon serrated Bishop, coming from ids Chapel, attended by the Assistant Bishops, rever enced on his knees the. Archbishop, and made his, offering to him, of two loaves, two vessels of wine, and two wax torches, kiss ing his hand as he presented them. Aiter this, the. Archbishop washed his hands, and went up to the altar : and the newly consecrated Bishop went to the Lpisile side of the same altar, and having (here a Missel placed for him, he an'i.lopsided (he. Archbishop through the remaining part id’ the Mass. At the Communion, thrv hoi h partook of the same Host and Chaiiee. After the Mi gnus 1 )ci, the Bax, in the. usual wax-, was given by the Archbishop to the consecrated Bishop, and by him to the Assistant liishop,-'. in these words : “ Pence he to thee.” to which is answered : ‘‘And with thy spirit.'’ Alter the Communion, the consecrated Bishop, with the Assistant. Bishops, went to j the gospel side of the altar, and (lu re he con- | tinned the Mass, witli the Archbishop, who J as tin the Lpistle side. After the “ lh\ \ Missfi «■*/,” was said, the Archbishop blessed the eoiigregat ion in tlie usual manner. Then sitting mitred before the. altar, the consecrated Bishop knelt before Inin. After a. shot t pause, he rose and blessed the Mitre, saying : ‘‘() Lord Cod, Almighty Father, "‘hose goodness is ever glorious, and whose ' [lower is boundless ; from which every in si. I gift,and (.‘very perfect gift, and every ornament of beauty descends ; bless Thou and sanetifv this Mitre, about, to be placed on the bead of this Thy Prelate : Through Christ our Lord. Amen.” After sprinkling it with holy water, I lie |iliif-t'd ir on the ]io;td of the consecrated bishop. saying : “\Ye place, () Lord, on thchcad of IhisTliy Prelate and (Joinbatant, (lie lielmet of def 'iic'O and salvation, that, having Ids forehead adorned, and his lead guarded by llie power of Loth Testaments, lie may appear terrible t;> the adversaries of the Truth, and stand forward as a valiant champion against them, through the abundant grace bestowed on him by Thee ; who didst: adorn the conn | temmee of Thy s-rvant Moses, made beauteous i in a colloquy with Thee, with the most biib j limit rays of Thy brightness and truth ; and who didst command a diadem to lie placed on the head of Aaron, Thy High I'riest : Through Christ our Lord. Amen.” The Arch hi diop, standing, blessed the (Loves, saying : *• (J Almighty Creator, who didst pave unto man, made to thine own image, hands endowed with joints, as organs of intelligence, that ho miyht work ariyht, and didst command them to be kept clean, that tin soul miyht lie. by them aptly represented, an ! that Thy mysteries might be by them wortliid performed, vouchsafe to bless and to new secrate these coverings of the hands, t1 whosoever of Thy sacred Ministers, . h, Lishops, shall with humility clothe his hands in them, may, through Thy Mercy, he sig nalised by cleanliness both of heart and work : Through Christ our Lord. Amen.'’ The Archbishop sprinkled them with holy water, and drew them on the hands of the new bishop, saying : " Kncoinpass, <) Lord, the hands of this Tliy Minister, with die cleanness of the New Man wlm came down from heaven ; that, in like manner, as Jacob, having Ids hands covered with llie skins of kids, received his father’s bless ing, for presenting to him the food and drink he most desired, so this Thy servant may be found worthy, by olferiny, in his hands, the Holy Sacrifice to obtain the blessing of Thy grace : Through our Lord Jesus Christ, Thy Son, who, in the likeness of the sinful Hash, for our sukes offered himself to Thou Amen.” Thu Archbishop then rose raid con ducted (lie new bishop to his throne, placing in his hands,, the (.'rosier; and dion, bowing to the altar, he intoned the 'fa Drum. Whilst, this Hymn was suiiy, die Assistant bishops, mitved, conducted the1 new bishop round (he Church, who every where, as he passed, gave Ids blessing' to die poople. The. Archbishop remained uncnveivd in his place. The hymn having been sung the Archbishop chanted the prayer lor dn new bishop. Then the Archbishop and Assistant bishops, without mitres, stood ,r the gospel side ; the new bishop went lo dm middle of the. Altar; where, signing liiiuseii with die ('ross. he gave tine episcopal blesdn;. in (lie, usual form. The Archbishop aim Assistant bishops remained as he fore, stand iiig on the gosj >el side, mitred, looking towards dm new bishop, who proceeded from the epistle side towards them, making in dm way, three reverences, and at eami reverence, saying to them: ‘‘.Ir/ .'W/Vm rooms.” ( “ Many years of health.”) lie was then received to the Kiss of l’eaec. bv the bishops, w lm conducted him away, after say ing I he last ( i ns| w 1 of the Mass. 