NOTES BY IDLER. “ I give to none designed offence." Dear Readers,—My natural indo lence prevents.. jny engaging in any ordinary occupation which might make me a useful member of society ; and as it has become a necessity for me to adopt some superficial means of liveli hoo 1, lest I be “ run in ” as a vagrant, I therefore appear before you as one who will write to the best of his ability, and strictly within the limits set forth in the heading. What a glorious luxury that railway picnic must have been for those who had the distinguished honor of travelling to Geelong in the trucks provided. I need not explain that I missed the opportunity. The going was all right perhaps, but returning after dark was scarcely what it should have been—mixed sexes and company, without lights. I think it would be better for the department to grant the old man's society a yearly sum of money to cover the deficiency rather than treat tire patrons of this work house trip as they do. By the way, I notice that the railway service can boast of notabilities amongst the em ployes. In the Geelong Advertiser of Monday week I find the following :— “ There were two celebrities engaged in the athletic sports of the Victorian Railways Society on Saturday last. One was J. Sherritt, brother of Aaron Sherritt, who was so foully murdered by the Kelly gang, and whose death was the means of obtaining tho destruc tion of the cowardly gang. The other personage was Mr J. Forbes, once a member of the mounted police force, and who was gored by a bull at a sale of cattle held at Mount Moriac many years ago, and whose law suit occupied so much of the time of the law courts and barristers, costing a large sum of money to the owner of the bull.” While upon the railway subject, does it not seem queer that only some 80 men mustered at the meeting the other night, when invited to discuss the pro posed Employes Bill 1 I hear there are over 500 men employed in the loco, shops alone ; surely they are not all so worn out with their day’s labour as to be rendered incapable of attending to their own interests. Their apathy upon all matters demanding union is well-known to all who are interested in their welfare, and it may yet bear evil fruit, besides disheartening those few energetic spirits amongst them who seem to be continually cramming their fellow-workmen, while the re cipients are perfectly apathetic as to the result, I am glad to know that the Bill has awakened considerable en thusiasm in other parts, and hope to see the effort successful. Old friends and characters are fast passing from our midst. Constable John Tuckey has left his “beat” and retired upon a well-earned pension. It will be difficult indeed to fill his place. He was a genial soul, and will be remem bered by many. Whether engaged in the special duty of ghost-hunting or serving objectionable legal documents, he always managed to perform his duties in the most agreeable way pos sible. A special favorite with the softer sex, he often acted the part of arbitrator in the neighbourly squabbles of some of our dubious local families ; and his persuasive voice was always sufficient to disperse a muster of the larrikin fraternity. If ever a man de served a testimonial, here is a chance. Let all those whom he let off with a caution present their mite, and the re sult will be something handsome amongst the present generation. I am a great admirer of new ideas, and therefore wonder whether everyone interested was satisfied with the pub lication of the list of those who contri buted to the North State school prize fund. What about the small donors ? I expect that a principle underlies the amount of those three-halfpenny con tributions ; and if so, they should ex plain. Perhaps they consider that the Act is free as well as compulsory, and therefore object to any system of levy ing even to prize funds. “ 'Tis hard for a man, etc.,” but it must be very rough upon the poor at the North School. 