Wedding Etiquette. 'Excuse me, gentlemen,' said the young lady, ' but which one of you is the society editor ?' ' We don't keep one on this paper, miss,' said the horse critic, 'but the whole gang take a crack at that style of journalistic labour once in a while. Is there anything we can do for you ?' ' I was going to ask,' said the girl, ' if it would be too much trouble for you to give me some hints as to the proper way to receive and dispose of guests at a wedding; how the supper should be served and so forth.' ' You want to know what is en riggle and recherchy, as the French say,' remarked the horse man. ' We can give you the correct pointer. Are you the blushing bride?' ' Yes, sir,' said the girl, in a rather weak voice ; ' that is-' ' Oh, I understand, said the horse editor, ' I appreciate your feelings. I was once young and bashful myself. Now about this wedding. The receiving part is easy. After the nuptual ceremony is concluded, you and Mike-' ' But his name isn't Mike,' said the young laby. ' His name is-' "Oh, I know all about that,' said the equine journalist. . Of course his name is Adelbert or Reginald, of some other dry goods clerk nonsense, but in giving advice we always allude to Mike, and call the bride Hannah. It saves time. Now, after you and Mike are married, you want to jog along home and plant yourselves at the back end of the parlour. Better have a floral bell or something like that to stand under, because it is considered the correct thing, and make a better toot ensemble, as the French say. Then the guests they get in line and go by you on a slow march-a kind of we- buried-him-sadly- by-dead-of-night clip, and you shake hands with each one and say, 'Thanks, awfully," and they look at you and Mike as if you were a pair of prize cattle and feel sorry for you.' ' And the supper ?" said the young lady. ' Oh, yes, the supper. Well, at some weddings they feed in the dining-room, and at others each guest sits on a chair and has his lunch brought to him. Now, I always advise the use of chopped feed at weddings- bring on the ham sandwiches and the ice- cream at the same time, They can't eat the sandwiches first, you know, because if they do the cream will meit, and if they throw in the cream to start with, the sandwiches, like Banquo's ghost-" they will not down ;" and the horse reporter winked vigorously at the dramatic critic, in order to attract the atten- tion of that person to his able joke. But the critic was trying to smoke a cigar that the advance agent of the whale had given him, and did not look. " I am sure I am very thankful, sir, for the interest you have taken in this matter,' said the girl, " and I shall follow your advice.. Which is the way downstairs, please ?' " There are two ways,' replied the horse reporter. ' You can jump down the hatchway or take the stairs. Our elevator never runs. 