THEATRE ROYAL. We do not know why Mr. Dampier reserved for his benefit night and his last appearance in Adelaide for the present a character in which he might well have "starred" for a week or a fortnight had he put " Lisuis XL." 011 the boards at an earlier period of the season. We have had opportunities of knowing ami seeing Mr. l>ani|ivr in his leading parts for a. number of jears past, and the conclusi jn wo had arrived at previous to Friday night was tbat he had gamed a great deal of stage experience at the sacrifice of the force and originality that at one time distinguished his acting. Any man who may play the same rcund of characters from ycar^ end to year's end, will by and bye go through the business of the night in a somewhat perfunctory min cer, and many of the leading parts iu the modem sensational drama arc actually not worthy of the serious study of an actor who is capable of l?tter things. Shakesperian pieces are rot popular, because the " star" en ordinary occasions meets with very poor support: hence a "legitimate"' actor of Mr. Dampier's calibre may insensibly drift out of the groove for which he is best fitted, or may tail to " continue on the lead" (to use a gold fields expression) that would carry him on to fortune and win him lasting fame tome such reflection as this must liave roused Mr. Dampicr him>clf to make a thorough study of a part that was the masterpiece of Uharles Kcan, and in which other cele brities have made their mark, one of the most recent being Mr. Irving at the Lyceum Of Kean'a impersonation ot Louis at the Process's we have a lively recollection, and there were those present at the theatre on Ftiday who, having witnessed Irvingfs rendi tion of the same character, gave the most cordial praise to Mr. Dampicr. For our i-elvea we can say that it was a masterly acd clever performance throughout ; not an imitation of Kean or of Irving, or Montgomery. Mr Dampicr having fitted the part to himself, embodied it, aud carried it through on bis own lines —occa- sionally missing a good point made by others, but presenting the Eleventh Louis according to his own lights—less senile, and more mas inline than the Louis of the artists we have named. Mr. Dampicr it must be remem bered, h.is naturally a full sonorous voice, Charles Kean had, in his latter <lays especi ally, a cracked "piping treble" tint lent a lachrymose sound to Loui* canting changes of humor, and aided hint wonderfuily in the Utter cpisodes of the play. Instead of ihe feeble >lipsbod monarch that shutf^s across the scene in the last stages cf decrepi tude M:. Dampiei's Louis is a man who his strength of purpose, and strength of will to almost control the feebleness of his body, calling occasionally for aid from his atten dants to bear him cj> against the pains that lack and torture htm, and it is only in the hist act that, he presents the picture of sense less stupefaction and rapid decay that ends in di.-solution; and thuft can fairly be. imagined is brought about by the shock that he receives in the assault of Kemours, where he loses his reason and supposes that he has been assailed by the ghost of the murdered Duke. We never witnessed more natural acting than the oil-hand cunning of Louis" manner iu the earlier stecei—his fits cf rage, his implacable cruelty, bis remorseless hypocrisy, were all brought cut in bold relief to the suavity and pretended friendliness that were assumed to his physician and others about him upon whom he was for the time being dependent. His cuDEir.g was, however, not so insidious or suttle as Kean's. nor were his fits of ro l'giocs fervor so pronounced; but he gave ou the whole a consistent and scholarly concep tion of the iharacter, and deservedly wou the lust cphiona of all who were present. His make-up was excellent, the appear ance of age in his feature- being given with hollow checks, o\crhanging eyebrows, sunken ejes. and leng grey locks that hung disbcv; lied about his shoulders, o were enclosed in a tight-fitting skull-cap As we have previously stated we regret that Mr. Dampicr did not appear as Ijouis earlier in the season, because he achieved a genuine success in the patt, and afforded an enjoyable performance to a crowded and well-pleased audience. Miss Lily Dampicr also appeared to great advantage as the Dauphin, and shaicd in the honors of the evening. Mr. Carey did ample justice to the role of the Duke de Xciuours, aud Mi*s Amic Adere was a pleaiiug Marie. Miss Maggie Oliver as Martha; Mr. Flemming as Francois de Ffeule; Mr. Douglas as Tristan ; Mr. Emmctt as Cortier; and Mr. Poole as Marcel, contributed to the success of the piece: but owing to the various dramas that have been produced during the week, there was an occasional evidence of want of re hearsal that might have been rectified by scree cf the company. The performance concluded with the rehearsal and play scenes from Shakspeare's " Midsummer Night's Dream." Tbi< evening at the Theatre Royal Mr. W. G. Carey will accept a complimentary benefit, tendered by Messrs. Allison and Dampicr in recognition of his services during the past dramatic season. We have had few actors on the local stage who have better deserved such a recognition by the management of their conscientious efforts to please. Mr. Carey as leading man to the company at the Uoyal ha* proved his ability and his effectiveness in many and varied lines of character, and the popularity that he has gained was shown en iriday when he shared with the star in all the calls before the curtain. A special, and what should be at least a novel bill has been provided for this evening, in which "The Life of an Actress*'and "Rob Hoy" are the leading features, and some local amateurs bate tendered their services for the occasiou in addition to the general company and Mr. Dampicr aud Miss Amy Adere. This is the last night of the dramatic season. The friends of Mr. Carey are re quested in the advertisement to "roll up," and we echo the sentiment and would advise thim to "roll up and be iu time," as the btr.cticure is deserving of a bumper house. We ere informed that the tickets for the O] era season arc goicg off rapidly, and are re quested to state that the subscriptiou-list cirsci on Monday next. It will be seen that some old favorites as well as new candidates for popular favor will appear in the cast of "Lucia di Laramermoor"' on Monday eveniue, viz:—Edgardo, Signor Leacdio Coy; Knrico. Signor P. Laisetti (his first appearance): Itaimondc. Mr. J. 1.. K. Kitts; Arturo, Mr. K. Fitagerald; Mor mano. Mr. liellam; Alisa, Miss Alice Stanley; aud Lucia. Miss Martiua Simonseu. 