THE MYSTERIES OF CRIME; OB, The Experiences of an Edinburgh Detective. BY JAMES McGOVAN. [Published by special arrangement with the Author. All rights reseryed.] Third Series.—No. XXXI. THE MURDERED TAILOR'S WATCH. (A Curiosity in Circumstantial Evidence.) In Two Parts.—Part I. If it were not for the public-houses, and what they sell, I don't know what we detec tives would do for a living. A man goes into one joyful and smiling and brimful of good will and friendship, and shortly reappears helpless, or mad, or demonised, and straight way there springs up a beautiful crop of crime, outrage, or wrong, which we—Heaven help us!—are immediately expected to put right. From an experience of twenty-live years, I can say that the most troublesome and most puzzling cases are those in which a public-house appears; and when we consider how men's brains are there so upset that they will solemnly and religiously swear black is white, we need not be surprised at the fact. Worse still, death may step in, as in the following case, to seal the mouth for all time; and then follow greater complications, and possibly the hanging of an innocent man. The case of the tailor, Peter Anderson, who was beaten to death near the Royal-terrace, on the Calton Hill, may not yet be quite for- * gotten by some, but as the after results are not so well known it will bear repeating. Some working men, hurrying along a little before six in the morning, found Anderson's body in a very steep path on the hill, and in a short time a stretcher was got, and it was conveyed to the head office. The impression of the men who found him was that he had been violently thrown down the hill, and so possibly had his neck broken; but it was soon evident that this idea was altogether a mistaken one. The first thing I noticed when I saw the body was that the one -of the • trouser's pockets was half-turned out, as if with a violent wrench, or a hand too full of money to get easily out again; and from this sprang another discovery—that the waistcoat button- hole in which the link of his albert had evidently been constantly worn was wrenched clean through. There was no watch or chain visible, and the trouser's pockets were empty, so the first deduction was clear—the man had been robbed. Robbery, indeed, appeared to me at this stage of the case to have been the prime cause of the outrage, and an examination of the body confirmed the idea. The neck was not broken, but there were marks of a strangu lating arm about the neck, and injuries about the head were quite sufficient to cause death. These seemed to indicate that two persons had been engaged in the crime, as is common in garroting cases—one to strangle and the other to rob and beat—and made me more hopeful of tracking the doers. When a crime is spread over two or more persons some hitch, or look, or whisper, or trilling circumstance is almost sure to spring up to lay the whole bare; but when the knowledge is confined to one the chances of our success, are lessened. Conscience in criminals is much more elastic than most people imagine, and there is often" more to be dreaded from the "peaching of a pal" than the wagging of their own tongue. This idea of two being engaged in the crime was a mistaken one, as was afterwards made to appear, and may have led to some of the blundering which followed. It at least hindered success. On examining the spot at . which the body had been found I found traces of a violent struggle, and also a copy of folded papers, which proved to be unreceipted ac counts; headed "Peter Anderson, tailor and clothier," with the address of Ms place of business. These might have given us a clue to his identity had such been needed, but the fact is that his wife had been at the office reporting his absence only an hour before his body was brought in, and we had only to turn to her description of his person and clothing to confirm our suspicion. Anderson had been what is called a "sma' cork," having his place of business and his house combined in one little half-flat, and doing most of the work with his own hands and the occasional assistance of another man and an apprentice or two. He was thus, though a hard-working man,.but a step removed from a mere journeyman, and less able to give long credit than his more pretentious rivals in the trade. He was, indeed, constantly in need of money, and often spent a portion of the Friday afternoon in drawing accounts where with to pay his apprentices and journeyman the next day. On the fatal night on which he disappeared he had unexpectedly drawn an account of some £10 or £l2 from a man who had been out of town on every previous occasion when he called. Anderson, indeed, had set down the debt as a doubtful one, sus pecting that the debtor was shuffling, and in the joy of receiving the money, probably, had invited the man to an adjoining public-house to drink " a jorum." This would have, been harmless enough under ordinary circum stances, but the debtor happened to be an old schoolmate, and unusually flush of money, and one round followed another until poor Peter Anderson's head was fitter for his pillow than guiding his feet. One thing I discovered at this part of my investigation, which would probably have set mc on the right track, had other circumstances cropped up to support the theory. On entering the public-house—which was a very busy one not far from the Carlton Hill —Anderson had simply gone up to- the bar, and before all the loungers or hangers-on pulled a handful of notes, and silver, and gold from his trouser's pocket, saying to his companion— " What will you have Afterwards, when they got into talk, they advanced to a private box at the back; but it was here I thought that the mischief had been done. Anderson had a gold albert across-his breast, and might be believed to • have a watch at the end of it; but the chain, after all, might have been only plated, and.*, he watch a, pinchbeck thing not, worth taking to'a thief; but the reckless display of ahandful of notes, gold, and silver, if genuine criminals chanced to sec.it, was a temptation : nd revelation too powerful -to be resisted. , The man who carried money in that fashion was likely to have more in his pockets, and a ■•old watch at lea3t. If he got drunk, or was fikely to get drunk, he would be worth wait ing and' wa'ching for ; so at least I thought the intending criminals would reason, never dreaming of course of the plan ending in determined resistance and red-handed murder. Your garroter is generally as big a coward as he is a villain, and will never risk Ins skin or his liberty with a sober man if he can get one comdortehlymuddled with drink. This was the practice of Burke and Hare, and or shoals of other cannibals before and since then ** My first search was therefore among the crowd who had been about the bar of the public-house when Anderson exuberantly dis played his handful of money ; but this was like looking for a needle m a haystack. Some of them were remembered and know n to be respectable persons, but the majority weie strangers to landlord and barmen, and were so little noticed that even when some of them were placed before them, their features were not i t inembcred. . *1 * There was 110 tune to elaborate theories or schemes of capture. A gold watch and chain, valued at about £20, and £ld in money, were ..■one A rare prize was afloat among the sharks and I surmised that the circumstance would be difficult to hide. The thief and the honest man arc alike in one failing—they find it difficult to conceal success. It prints itselt in their faces; in the quantity of drink they consume ; in the tread of their feet:; the triumphant leer at . the baffled or sniffing detective, and in their reckless indulgence in candy articles of flash dress I went down | to tlic Cowgate and Canongate at once, stiol j ling into every likel.y place, and 'V?*"1*?/1? auite a host of my -'bairns. I thought 1 had cot the rmht men indeed when I found two known pests called "The Crab Apple" and "Coskey" flush of money and muddled , with drink, but a day's investigation proved that tliey owed their good fortune to a stupid swell who had got into their clutches over in the New Town, and was too much ashamed of himself to report or prosecute until lie was sharply jogged on to it by me. "Coskey," indeed, was not onlyloud in his denials of guilt, but strongly declared that lie did not believe the Anderson affair had been managed by a professional criminal at all. " If it bad been done by any of us I d have heard on it," was his frank remark to me. " Of course I wouldn't have told you, or let out a cheep about it, but, seeing it hasn t been done by any of us, I can t do any Jh"™ •frn lot that Out.' W i I was pretty sure tiiat Coskey spoke the truth, for iu his nervous anxiety to escape Oal eraft's toilet he had actually confessed to me all the particulars of the New Town robbery, whereby bis own pockets had been hUca, which afterwards led to a seven years retire ment from the scene of liis labors. The hint thus received prepared me tor making the worst slip of all I had made in the case. I went to Anderson's widow to get the number of the watcli, and some description bv which it might be identified. Slie couid not tell me the number or the maker s name: she could only say that it had a white dial and black figures, but declared that she would know it out of a thousand by a deep "clour" or indentation on the back of the " I was there when it got tlie mark, she said, "and I could never be mistaken if.the watch was put before me. A thief might alter the number, but nobody could take out that mark, for we tried it, and the watch maker could do nothing for it. My man was working hard one day with the watcli on, when a customer called to be measured. The waistcoat he wore wasn't a very bonny one, and lie wliipped it off in a huiry, forgeWn^ about the watch, which was tugged one,, and came bang against the handle of one ot his irons. The watcli was never a bit the worse, but the case had aye the mark on it—j'ust there," said the.widow, to illustrate lier state ment, showed me a spot on the back ot. my own watch, and then so minutely explained the line of. the indentation, its length, and its depth, that I felt sure that if it came 111 my way I should be able to identify it as readily as by a number. .. This would have been all very well it liei information had there ended, but it didn t. " You are hunting away among thieves and o-aol birds for the man that did it, she bitterly -remarked, "but I think 1 could put my hand on him without any detective to help me." "You suspect some one, then." 1 ex claimed, with a new interest. "Suspect? I wish I wa3 as sure of any thing," she answered, with great interest. "The brute threatened to do it." -'What brute?" -'Just John Burge, tlie man that was Wonaiig to him as journeyman two months ^"Indeed. Did tliey quarrel?" " A drunken passionate wretch that nobouy would have anything to do wi'," vehemently ■continued the widow, waxing hotter in her words with every word she haa uttered; but just because tliey had been apprentices together Peter took pity on him and gave him work. They were aye quarrelling, but one day it got worse than usual, and I thought mv man would have killed him. It was quite a simple tiling began it-an argument as to which is the first day in summer—but in the end they were near fighting, and after Peter had near choked him, Burge swore that he would have his life for it—that lie would watch him night and day, and then knock the 'sowl oot o' him in some dark corner before he knew where he was. That was after the master and the laddies had thrown, him out at the door and down the stair, and for some days I wouldn't let Peter cross the door. Biit he only laughed at me after a bic, and said that Burge's ' bark was waur tjmn his bite,' and went about just as usual. Ana all the time the wicked, ungrateful wretch was watching for a chance to take his life. " Why did you not tell us of this quarrel at first ?" I asked, after a pause. "Because I thought you detectives were so sharp and clever that you would have Burge in your grip3 before night, without a word from me; but you're not nearly so clever as you're called." . , . - "But lie never actually attacked your hus band?" I quietly interposed, knowing but too well tliat wives are apt to take exceedingly exaggerated views of their husbands 0r"lgffit3but he did though. He came up once, not long after the quarrel, and said he had not got all tlie money clue to him, and tried to murder Peter with tlie cutting sh"Muvder him? How could lie murder him with shears?" I asked, with marked ,C<.P\yen™i didn't wait to see; but ran in and •n ipped bim by the arms till my man took the shears from him. The creator' had no more strength than a sparry, though lie s as tali as y°"No more strength than a sparrow?" That incidental revelation staggered me. It seemed to me quite impossible that a weak man could have been tlie murderer of Anderson, unless indeed he had had an accomplice, and that was unlikely with a man seeking mere re venae. For a moment I was inclined to think it possible that Burge might have tracked his victim to thehillandaccomplishedtliereveiige, and that afterwards when lie had fled the spot, some of the "ghosts" haunting the lull might have stripped the dead or dying man of his valuables; but several circumstances led mc to reject the supposition—wisely, too, as it appeared in the end. Burge, the widow, told me, was a tall man, with a white, " potty" face, and a little, red, snub nose, and alwavs wore a black frock coat and dress hat. I took down the name of the street in which he lived—for I could get no number—turned my face in that direction. In about fifteen minutes I had reached, not the street, but the crossing leading to it, when I met full in the face a man answering his description, and having the unmistakable tailor s ' nick in liis back." ^ ,, , , " That, should be Burge," was my mental conclusion, though I bad never seen him before " If he's not, lie is at least a tailor, and may know him," and then I stopped him with the words— . "Do you know a tailor who lives lieie about ca Lied John Burge ?" " That's me," lie said, witli sudden amma tion, talcing the pipe from his mouth, and evidently expecting a call at liis trade; " who wants me"?" "I do." . 1 "Oh," and he looked me all over, evi dently wondered bow I looked so unlike tlie tl'There was a queer pause, and tlien I said— " May name's McGovan, and I want you to go with me as far as the Police Office, about that affair on the Calton. Hiih . . . - A wonderful change took place m lus face the moment I uttered the words—a change which, but for the grave nature of the case, would have been actually comical, his "potty," white checks became red, and Ins red snub nose as suddenly became.white. "Well, do you know, that's curious," lie at length gasped; " but I was just coming up to tlie°office now, in case I should be suspected of bavin* a band in it. I had a quarrel with Anderson, and said some strong things, I've no doubt, in mjr passion, but of course I never meant tkens.' I listened my weuUtf Win? mcnt-, I remember, was, " A vety likely story!" \- "I. was coming up to say what I can prove- ■ tliat I wus at the other end of the town that night, and home and in my bed by a quarter to eleven," he desperately added, rightly in terpreting my silence. I became more interested at the mention of the exact hour; for I had ascertained beyond doubt that Anderson had not left the public house and parted with his friend till eleven o'clock struck. He had, in fact, been " warned out," along with a number of bar-loafers, at shutting up time. "Did any one see you home at that hour?" I asked, after cautioning him, "\es, the wife and bairns." "Imphm." " You think that's not good evidence; but I have more; I was in a public-house with some friends till half-past ten; they can swear to that; and they went nearly all the road home with me," he continued with growing excitement. "Do I look like a murderer? My God! I could swear on a Bible that such a thing was never in my mind. Don't look so horrible and solemn, man, but say you be lieve me ?" I couldn't say that, for I believed the whole a fabrication got up in a moment of despera tion ; and little more was spoken on either side till we reached the head office, where he repeated the same story to the Fiscal, and was locked up. I fully expected that I would easily tear his story to picce3 by talcing his so-called witnesses one by one, but I was mistaken. His wife and children, for ex ample, the least reliable of liis witnesses in the eyes of the law, became the strongest, for when I called and saw them they were in perfect ignorance both of Barge's arrest and the fact that he expected to be suspected. They distinctly remembered tlieir father being home " earlier" on that Friday night, and the wife added that it was more than she had expected, for by being in bed so early Burge had been able to rise early oil the following morning and finish some work on the Saturday which she had fully expected would be "disappointed." Then the men with whom he had been drinking and playing dominoes up to lialf-past ten were emphatic in their statements, which tallied almost to a minute with that of Burge. Then Burge had not been particularly flush of money after that date, but on the contrary, had pleaded so hard for payment of the work done on the Saturday that the man was glad to com promise matters and get rid of him by part payment in shape of lialf-a-crown. The evidence, as was afterwards remarked, was not the best—a few drinkers in a public house, whose ideas of time and place might be readily believed to be hazy, and the interested" wife and children of the suspected man; but in the absence of condemning facts it sufficed, and after a brief detention Burge was set at liberty. About that time among the batch of sus pected persons in our keeping was a man named Daniel O'Doyle. How he came to be suspected I forget, but I believe itwas through having a deal of silver and some sovereigns in the pockets of his ragged trousers when he was brought to the office as a "drunk and disorderly." O'Doyle gave a false name, too, when he came to his senses; but then it was too late, for a badly-written letter from some one in Ireland had been found in his pocket when he was brought in. He was a power fully-built man, and in his infuriated state took four men to get him to the office. He could give no very satisfactory account of how he came by the money in his possession. He had been harvesting, lie said, but did not know the name of the place or its geogra phical position, except that it was east of Edinburgh " a long n ay," and he was going back to Ireland with his earnings, but chanced to take a drop too much and half murder a man in Leitli Walk, and so got into our hands. On the day after his capture and that of his remand O'Doyle was " in the horrors," and at night during a troubled sleep was heard by a man in the same cell to mutter something about " Starr Road," and having " hidden it safe there." This brief and unin telligible snatch was repeated to me next morning, but, stupid as it now appears to ine, I could make nothing of it. I knew that there was no such place as " Starr ltoad" in Edin burgh, and said so; and as for him having hidden something, that was nothing for a wandering shearer, and might, after all, be only his reaping hook or bundle of lively linen. O'Doyle was accordingly tried for assault, and sentenced to thirty days' im prisonment, at. the expiry of which he was set at liberty and at once disappeared. My im pression now is that O'Doyle was never seriously suspected, of having had. a hand in the Caltoll Hill affair, but that, being in our keeping about the time, he came iu for his share of suspicion among dozens more per fectly innocent. If he had had bank-notes about- him it might have been different, fori have found that there is a strong feeling against these and in favor of gold among the untutored Irish, which induces them to get rid of them almost as soon as they chance to receive them. So the months passed away, and no dis covery was made; we got our due share of abuse from the public, and the affair pro mised to remain as dark and mysterious a3 the Slater murder in the Queen's Park. But for the incident I am now coming to I believe the crime would have been still un solved. About two years after I chanced to be among a crowd at a political hustings in Par liament-square, at which I remember Adam Black came in for a great deal of howling and abuse. I was there, of course, on busi ness, fully expecting to nip up some of my diligent " family" at work among the pockets of the excited voters; hut no game could have been further from my thoughts than that which I had the good fortune to hag. I was moving about at the outskirts of the crowd when a face came within the line of my vision which was familiar yet puzzling. The man had a healthy, prosperous look, and nodded smilingly to me, more as a superior than an inferior in position. "Don't you remember me?—John Burge ; I was in the Ashton murder, you mind; the Calton Hill affair," and then 1 smiled out and shook the proffered hand. 4 4 How are you getting on now ?" 44 Oh, first-rate—doing well for myself," was the bright and pleased - looking answer. 44Yon affair was a lesson to me; turned teetot, when I came out, and have never broke it since. It's the best way." It seemed so to look at liim. The 44 potty" look was gone from his face; his cheeks had a healthy color, and his nose had lost its rosiness. His dress, too, was better. The glossy, washed-out dress hat was replaced by one as shining as if fresh from the maker, and the threadbare frock-coat by one of smootlij firm broadcloth. He was getting stouter, too, and his broad, white waistcoat showed a pretentious expanse of gold chain. He chatted away for some time, evidently a little vain of the change in his circumstances, and a length drew out a handsome gold, watch, making, as his excuse for referring to it, the remark— 44Ah, it's getting late; I can't stay any longer." 44 My eye fell upon the watch, as it had evi dently been intended that it should, and almost with the first glance I noticed a deep nick in the edge of the case, at the back. Possibly tlie man's own words had taken my mind back to the lost watch of the murdered tailor and its description, but certainly the moment I saw the mark on the case I put out my hand, with affected carelessness, as he was slipping it hack to his pocket, saying— 44 That's a nice watch ; let's look at it." It was tendered at once, and I found it to have a white china dial and black figures. At last I came back to tlie nick and scrutinised it closely. 44 You've given it abash there," I remarked, after a pause. "Eo, that was done when I bought it." 44 Bought it lately ?" 44 Oh, no; a long time ago." 44 Who from?" 44 From one of the men working under me; I got it a great bargain," lie answered with animation. 44 It's a chronometer, and be longed to an uncle of his, but it was out of order—had lain in the bottom of a sea-chest till some of the works were rusty—and so I got it cheap." 44 Imphm. There has been some lying in the bargain anyhow," I said, after another look at the watch, 44 for it is an ordinary English lever, not a chronometer. Is the man with you yet?" "Eo ; but-, good gracious ! you don't- mean to say that there's anything wrong about the watch ? It's not—not a stolen one ?" 441 don't know, but there was one exactly like this stolen that time that Anderson wa3 killed." In one swift flash of alarm his face, before so rosy, became as white as the waitcoat cover ing his breast. Then he slowly examined the watch with a trembling hand, and finally stammered out— 441 remember it, and tliis is not unlike it. .But that's nothing—hundreds of watches are as like as peas." I differed with him there, and finally got him to go with mc to the office, at which lie was detained, while I went in search of Ander son's widow to see what she would say about the watch. [Tq l>$ 