SFXfcbiu:' jest TO EARNEST. CHAPTEE SXXVIL— (Contotubd.) ' this respect ?' * Miss Lottie, forgive ine. I am not worthy of you. But can it be possible that you are willing to sliare in my humble, toilsome life ? I fear you liave no idea o£ the hardships and privations in ? volved/ ? I stood by you faithfully last night in that storm, did I not?' she said, with a shy,lxalf inischievous elance. ' It seems too good to be true/ tie eaid in a low tone. - ? ''Was there ever such a diffident, modest creature !' she said brusquely. -' Mr. Hemstead, you -will never enter heaven. The angels will .have to pull you In.' & \- : ' One angel lias made a heavc-^of this dreary place already,' he answered, seeking to draw' her to him-. ? ' Wait a moment. What do you mean, sir ? I have made you no promises -and given you no rights.' ' But I have made yen no end of promises, and given you absolute right over me. My every glance lias said, ' Lottie Marsden, I am -yours, l3ody and seal, so far as a man with a conscience can be.' * All this counts for nothing,' said Lottie ?with a li' tie impatient stamp of her foot. ' I promised that dear old meddler, Uncle Dimnierly, that you, in deep lmniility and penitence for having arrogantly assumed that you could be a niis -siviiary and I couldn't, should ask me to be a home missionary; and you have 'wasted lots of precious time/ He caught her quaint humour, and taking- her hand and droppim? on one knee, said — ' Lottie Marsden, child of luxury, the prize ?which the proudest covet, will you leave your ' . elegant homo, — will you tara. your back upon the ?world which is at your feet, and go -with me, away to the far Wost, that you may become a poor, forlorn home-missionary ?' ' Tee,. Frank, in your home ;— 7-iit never forlorn ?while I have you to laugh at, and never poor ?while I possess your big., unworldly heart/ ' Have-I any rights now ?' he exclaimed^ and springing up, he exercised tLem to a degreeSiiat almost took away her breath. ' Here, behave youvsel;,' she said. 'The idea of one who had plumed himself on his beroic eclf-saerifice, acting so like an ordinary mortal ! You have had more kisses now than you ought in a week. , If we are to be so poor, we ought to ?commence practising economy at once/ ' You ar« the most beautiful and spicy com pound that nature erer fashioned,' he exultiugly replied, holding- her off, devouring her with his ?eyes. '1 plainly foresee that you can fill the poorest little home with light and music/ ' Yes, I warn you, before it's too late, that I never can become a solemn, ghostly sort of a missionary/ ? Oh, it;*s loo late now, I assure you,' he said ; ' my mind is made up/ ' So is mine,— that you shall take a long nap, 'while I mount guard/ ' Nap, indeed !' he said, indignantly. 'When the gates of pearl bang after one with their musical clangour, rind shut out for ever the misery of ear oh. will one's first impulse on the threshold of heaven be to take a nap i ' What extrava^Tit language ! You ministers talk much too familiarly of heaven, and such things/ ' No, indeed, Lottie, dear ! the more familiar the. thought of heaven is to us, the better. You shall have a good home there, if a very humble one here. ? But do yowcalise how much you are giving up ?' 'Yes/ she said ruefully, — 'the worst heart ache I ever had. I don't believe you felt half so badly as I did/ * But when theabard and prosaic life comes, ?with its daily cares and weary burdens, are you sure that you will not ifigreV. your action ? — are you sure that you will'not wish yourself again the queenly belle, with* the world at your, feet f ' Who with right claims the higher rank,' liOttie answered, her lovely face growing noble with her thought, ? ' a queenly belle with a false, selfish heart, or a Christian woman ? And what is that world which you say- is at my feet? 'Where is it to-night ? ' Where .was it when the tempest made it doubtful whether we should erer see this new year ? Here I am in the solemn ?siidnight, and upon this desolate mountain. It is not the softness of a summer night to which w-e arc exposed ; it is mid-winter. And yet I am certain that there is not a queen on the earth as happy as I am. .But what part has that earth, to which you refer, had in making me happy ? I knew there was danger last night. I had. read of people perishing in the snow, almost at their own floors. I think I realised that death might be near, but my heart was so light and happy in the consciousness of your love and God's love, that I could look at the grim old fellow and laugh in his face. But suppose that I had had nothing better then to think of than this vague world about which you are making so much ado ? Once be fore, when the world was at my feet, as you term §- it, I deed a sudden danger' in your company. ' Thanks to God's mercy and your skill and strength, we were not ^dashed down into that ravine when the horses ran «,w»y. What did the world do for me then ? Did it throw a ray of light into -that 'black gulf of death which yawned ori every side ? Oh, thank God 1' she said with .passionate earnestness, * that I was not sent out of life that night, a shivering ghost, — a homeless . ?wanderer for ever. But what could the world do to prevent it ? I know all about that glittering ?world. Prank, to gain which so many are staking their all, and I know it's more of a phantom than a reality. It nattered me, excited and intoxica ted me, but it never made me one-hundredth part as nappy as I am to-night. And when ?! thought I had lost your respect and your love, I no more, thought of turning to the -wdrld for solace and happiness than I would look in a coal .lin for diamonds. I knew all about the world,' ?and in the depths cf my soul realised that it was tolsham. How far away it is to-night, with these solemn mountains rising all around- us ; and yet ?tow near seem God and heaven, and how sweet and satisfying the hopes they impart ! . . I have thought it all out, Frank. The time is coming ?when illness or age, mortal pain and weakness ?will shut me ,away, lika these dark, winfcryi hills, «ven from your love — ioauch more from the un baring, heartless world; but something in my Jhearfc tells me that my Saviour, who wept for \- sympathy when no one else would weep, mil be any strong, faithful friend through it all ; and Oiot for all the worlds ..glittering there in yonder ieky, much less for my poor little gilt and tinsel World in New York, will I give up thisassuiv ?sn.ee/ ? t -. ' ? * I am satisfied/ eaid Hemstead in a tone of . deep content ; ' God wills it/ They sat for a long time without speaking, in the unison of feeling that needed no ?words. At last, in sudden transition to one of her . mirthful, piquant expressions, Lottie turned to lier companion,and said, — 'Prank, yon a$e on the mountain-top of ex elted thought arid 'sentiment. Your face is as arapt as if yoa saw a vision * ' Can you wonder ?' ' Well, Fin going to give you an -awful tumble, r — worse than' the one you feared last night when the sleigh tipped. I'm hungry as any wolf that ever howled in these mountains/ 'What a comparison!' said the student, laugh ing heartily. ' Then, his lace becoming all solicitude, he queried, * What shall . I do ?' and ihe was about to rise with the* impression that he : ought to-do something. 'Do aslbidyou, of course; fiit still while JtelL you trhatZ ehall do. I shall patiently endure this aching void, as I trust I shall the other in evitable 'ills of our lot. What could be more appropriate than this prelude of hunger in cue proposing to marry a home missionary y 'With, an odd blending of delight and sym -js&thy; in his face, Hemgfcead exclaimed, — -* Lottie 1 you have received more compliments lhan you could count in a year, bat lam .going t» give you one different from any that yea. ever lad before. You ate what I should call a whole some woman 1* Thus m playful and serious talk they passed ?the hours 'until ''the snow-clad mountains were. pparBMgin the rising mm, Hemstead placed -'' ''moa Lattie*6 hand a plain ,sdal-xuig that had '* 'been Ma fafcher'Si imi «he coveted ijb vnjh iier glove, not wishingrihe fact of her engagement to 'transpire until they^reaehed home. . ? At last the others*! awoke, £&d; what they had passed through seemed Hke.a goatesque, horrible dream. JM Forresttlooked'auspSiSously at Hem stead and Cottie, but«could .gather nothing from their quiet bearing*fcoward each oth«r.' .,..,, Early in the day Relief reached them, and*by the middle of the forenoon they were doing ample justice to Mrs. Marchmoats sumptuous breakfast. ? . Then the tell-tale sing on Lottie's fingerre vealedthe secret, a.ndvtfiere was consternation. But poor De Forrest wrisifeo outrageously' Siungry that he had to eat- even* in this most trying em ergency. And vet he had a painful sense that it was not the proper tbSngVfco do under the circum stances, and so was- exceedingly awkward for once in his lifel , - Mr. Diimueriy ichuckled aSl that Sunday with ' unbecoming levity,' Mb sistor said. : ^ 1'oor Mrs. Marchinont lostall confidence in her self as a good manager, and Vtras in a' divided state di indignation at her nephew and Lottie, and dread of Mrs. Marsden's rejwoach.es. : : Bel tried to think that it wasinot her fault, and Addie did not much care. The holiday visit -caine to aritgnd.- The months sped away. Lottie's jjurpose was severely tested. Every possible motive, reason, . and argument was brought to bear upon the brrfre girl. Worse than all, she had to endure the- cold, averted looks of those sha fondly loved. She pleaded her own cause ? eloquently. She frequently quoted her friend's exaiupletwho was about to marry the army officer. ' Bat that was veryklifferent/ they said. ?Only once she lost . her temper. There was a sort of family conclave of aunts and relatives, and they had beset her sorely. At last she turned upon them suddenly, and asked, — ' Are you Christians ? Do youibelieve there is a God J' ? . 'Why, certainly. Do. you think -we are heathen ?' * ? ' Why talk, then, like heathen, and ac'tlike in fidels ? If it's'the thing in the. fashionable world to many a trusted servant of . a human govern ment, how much better must it be to marry a servant of the King of A3I I I honour my friend because she -marries the man she loves ; and 1 shall marry the one I love. I am of age — I ha,ve chosen my lot. Mark my words ! you will yet be proud of the one whom you new eo des pise j while the '? ojie you wish me to marry will cover his own and the names of all connected, with him with siiaicu/ And ehe left them to re cover from this bombshell of truth as best they might. . ? ' iJut the patient gentleness which ehe usually manifested at length* won even their obdurate hearts. Her father wkis the first to relent, and was finally brought, by Lottie's irresistible witchery, quite over on. her side. But, in her mother's case, it was only partial resignation to a great but inevitable-tuiefortune. Mrs. Marsden' was a sincere idolater of the world for which she livftd. 3u Annt Jane Lottie had a staunch ally and a sympathising1 and coniforting' helper. With the whole energy of her forceful, prac tical nature, she trained herself for her work, as Heuistead was training himself for his. And when, a year later, she-gave him her hand at the sacred, altar, it was notsa. helpless hand. Years bave passed, llr. and Mrs. Hemstead are the chiof social, -refining., and Christianising influences of 3. growing Western town. They Siave the confidence -*anii'sympathy of the entire community, and are people of such force that they make themselves1, felt in every department of life. . i She made good her warning, aud'never became a ' solemn, ghostly sort of a- missionary/ She was usually as*' wholesome' as the sunshine, or, if the occasion required, as a slilf north wind, and had a pronounced HtHe way of her own, when things went irrong at home or in the Church, of giving alt concerned the benefit of some practical eommou sense. But she, also, in the main, kept her pledge to endure patiently, as she did her hunger on the mountain, tho many privations and trials of their lot. While she sustained her husband's-hands and doubled his usefulness a,broad, he generally found at ho;ne a sniray philosopher who laughed him out of half his troubles. With increasing frequency be said, 'Lottie, you are so wholesome ;' there is not a jnorbid, uuuatu:-al trait in you/ Aud she inspired him to preach such a whole some, sunny gospel that it won even the most prejudiced. Oue evening1, a feeble^aged man stepped down from tbe, train, and was l-orse off in triumph by Hemstead to the wannest corner of his hearth. Lottie gave him such a welcome that the old gentler-iau cried out. — ' Hold on. My goodness gracious ! haven't you sobered down yet ?' Then, with. Erank standing near, with his hand iipon her shoulder, and looking down as proud of her as a man could be, and with just such a black-eyed cherub in her arms as she must have been herself twenty odd years before, and with her face aglow with health, happiness, and content, she asked, — 'Well, uncle, what do you think of your ineddlingfioiv ?' Mr. Dimmerly went ofl! into one of his oldrtinie chuckles, as he said, — *This is one of the things which the world never can stop/ THE EXD. 