AFbER A 00 YEARS' DREAM. ]3Y W\\.T1n.'MtA. One night as I sat musing there came into my hands a book entitled the ' Re public of materialism.' which, when I had finished I said to myself, " Oh, then there is no rcom for God, though there be worlds opon worlds, suns, moons and stars far surpassing this little globe on which we live. There seems no room for God, for, according to the theory of .Materialsm the origin of all things is a ' Primeval mist, self- ordered and deve loped.' This mist has condensed itself into water, and water has deposited elemental matter, ' matte' has formed worlds-and here 1 must draw breath. " Matter" has produced the " monad" from the monad has come the sponge! the sporge has grown into ant aqluati animal, which at last became a fish. The fish learned to live upon land, where it developed itself, through different species, to that of an ape-like animal. This ape is first cousin to man, who is the heir of all things, evolved, you see, from the " original mist." So thereis no room for God ! At this point some tsupper was brought in, for which I provided a night's lodg ing on condition that it should not dis turb me with night mare. Then I fell a-thinking, and to aid the power of thought I walked up and down the room, from whence "' enchanted by the song of some sweet bird" I was led into a thick forest. Here I followed the note, as Ithought, and yet I failed to see my bird. I whistled. but my songster was gone, and now where was I? A look at my watch tells me I have walked about for some three hours, and so must have walked several muiles. Whatever has become of my house ? I left the door open, and the gas alight. Perhaps the house is occupied by rub bers, or perhaps it is wrapped in flames. Where at ll Coo-ey, Coo-ey. Echo, coo-ey. Dear, dear, am I really lost ? Even the moon has forsaken me. I ams left in darkness. My only alternative is to sit down just where I amt and wait for the morning. So I sit down to sleep with my head against a tree. A rustling in the grass awakes me, but after rubbing my eyes 1 am able to thank my stars that it is Inot the " old sneak" from Eden's garden that has disturbed my sweet slumber, but only a bLow of wind. But how strange are my surroundings ! Instead of summer it looks like winter. I see snows and crows, and-what's that smiling and dancing across the hill topls i Surely it is the old sun setting out of bed. Oh, what a lot of big birds I see flying through the air. They look as large as elephants. Here is one coming towards me s Why, it is not a bird, but a llying machine. A voice, "Step in, citizen." So I gets into this bird shaped carriage, and off it goes through space by mieans of " com pressed air.' (Science must have made great progress during my sleep.) I now find myself surrounded by strange looking passengers. who stare at me as though I were a ghost. Presently I am tapped on the shoulder by the conductor, who demands his fare. I offer him a half crown. "What's that ?" he says. ' Foreign money. Queen Victoria, Who knows anything about her I can't take that money, its out of date; its about six hundred years behind the time.' By this time I can see sevreral of these machines flying through the air at a tremendous rate. The sight of these, as well as the distance between us and the sea (over which we are travelling at the rate of 100 miles an hour) makes me hold my breath. They seem as though they would all dash into us, for they are awove. beneath, and around us. At last I see ";hat appears to be a great city. A cry, '" Here, hold hard." Smash, and down we go to the ground in one of the streets or London. How fortunate: I am not in the least hurt, but one poor fellow is severely bruised. A crowd soon gathers. but no one seems to be moved by the accident, as though it were a matter of course. But here comes the doctor. After pulling the poor cripple about inl a m-erci less way lihe prnounces hiint 'too far gone." He might live, but he would only be a burden to the Commune. This hard mar. then puts a cloth over the cripples face, and then a strap rounid his neck, and the sufferer breathes no more. This Communal conduct nakes me up to the fact that I am now living in a merciless age. The corpse is put in:to one of these aeirial cars, and sent to the " dissecting, depot." Now everyboey seems occupied with my peculiar costume. "A rums figure," rays one to another as they point at me. Seeing I am in danger of being hooted by the boys and girls of the C,nulnune I dete-aine to change my 19th century costume for a more modern one. I now wear a " Toga," and instead of a " bell-topper' I use a turban. I also buy a unide book, after which I hasten off for somte refreshmenit. A look at my guide bouok astonished the whole stock of my five senses. The present age is, I find, v.alled the "Republic of Materialisms," or the 5530th year of the Commune. According ~sto which I must have been sleeping for 500 years. Having done full justice to the cot tents of the pastry shop I start off to see London. How strange verythinsg looks to lwhat it did when 1 was here last. Scientific improrvements abould oni every hand. Tile whole city is lic.hted by the electric light, while thle t,.lehone communicates the events of thle day from house to house. The streets are miuclh wider, anl the hIomes of the poor miuch larger and healther than formerly. Nothing is wasted. All the draia-.,e is utilized for the land. Much ef thle shipping and railway traffic has been superseded by -"compressed air," whlile the costumts of tihe leople havre under gone a complete cihange. Some for the better, but the greater part for tile MBen and womesn iow are addressed as "citizens," ald their dress is so very similar that one is in constant danger of mistaking the sex. The women wear moustaches like tlhe men, and also smoke their pipes. After rambling about I ask a main to tell m the sname of tile street. " T'llis, citizen," lie says, " is Fifthl-street. " A nd where is Oxford-street ?" I ask. Theire is no such street in Londoin." ws;as thle answer. Here I take out anothler bookl I had bought, entitled " A thiloiophic accoulnt of the superstitions of our forefathers," by the 90th grands,,sn fI Darwin. Page 1-" That lerid known as the 11th century was remiarkable for its super stitions, blasling the hal;ppiness of iai kind. To rightly uiilerstand the dark ness of that period is to value thle light of the Materialism of tile present lday. By and by I .ask for \Westminstr Ab.\lbey, and am told there is ni, such building, but that it and its kin were destroyedl hundreds of years ago wheni Christianity was superseded by tile Philosophy of Materialism. I ask for St. Paul's Courch,, but ino one knows of any such pliace. At last I meet withll a historian, who tells me that St. Paul's is s no more; tlhat its old site is now occupied ,y tile "Temple of Humanity." Here I sit down again to reflect on my mysterious position. I think of my wife, my books and the church. Whalt nas be come of them all ? Surely I must have been dreaming all this time, or else miy soul hliasbeen pass· ing from one anitsal to another, and only now resumed its human habitation. I am a wonder to mnyself ! Tired and hungry I rise from the front steps of the " Temple of llumanity" in search of an hotel. lHere is the " Jolly Waterman," the " Old Soldier," &c.; It seems as though the f(ood Templers have succeeded id establishing the main laws. I ask for a reaplec table hotel, and am directed to to the " Darwin,', the " Tyndale," the " lIockel;" or if I prefer more ancient quarters the " Apollo," the " Mercury," or the '' Homer." I make application at the ;" Darwin" ,which is a magnilicent mansion, not all like a hotel. Overhanging the grand entrance is the bust of the famous evolutionist, r!:ho is liheld is everlasting remembrance. I am soon seated at tha dinner table, but the " bill of fare"-of course inl harmony with the age--is so trange that I have to make up miy mind a good many times before I can take a bite of any thing. Judging from the general conversation to which I listen with great attention, France is now annexed to Germany, form iut one large Communre, and Russia is still at war with Turkey. (As my questions, being 600 years be hind the time, created roars of laughter, I remained a listener.) The whole Communne is livided into two classes, viz.: The " Commuunal" and the " Mutual." The Darwin belongs to the former and lower class. In this hugh hotel men and women are huddled together like so many tish in a basket. They call each other by the name of " Tom," " Dick," " Mary," " Bridget." Husband and wife are called partners, but bear no lasting responsi bility to each other. 'hItristian marriage has been legally abolished. The words "Father and Mothe'r" are quite "unknown. Clildren, when born, are by ordler of the Comtluultne taken from their parents (never to meet again). and sent to what is called the ';Baly Farm," there being no ho:pital the sick ones are killed by the Connutne doctor. Thus the Christian home is practically The Mutual Class of the Coinlunu e have their houses. (Homes minus love and children). IMarriage reslponsibility among this class lasts live years, after which both parties are at liberty. This sad state of things causes tme to sigh fLr the Christanity of the 191th cen tury. which l now begin to value aright, but alils, its laws, institutions, aud bless ings have all passed away, except in a few se.-luded parts of the earth. it, the Counmune there are only three Bibles, and they are in the Museum ; the Holy Book being thus practically chained i llup again. Tile Sabbath is alsdabolished. Certainly there is one holiday every week, but it is entirely given up to pleasure of all sorts. In the forenoon there is a kind of service held in the Temples of Humanuity (which are the substitutes for churches) consisting chiefly of music. The chants of IlCmlelshon and HIandel, and the read ing of the " Ibot of heroes." l1imnat Catholicism and Materialism have amalgamated, and l'ope Plus the 1th acts as Ias igh Priest, or first Master of the Templle. The-e temples are truly grant build ings. The inside wall= are adohrned with the l ie:ttres and busts ,,f the herses, iwho are menitioned in the boiok. There is Darwin on the graud altar, Tyndale andl Huxley, and not a few preachers of the nineteenthi century. ' The religion of the Com:une is M" aterialim ;" their God, law, and mnatter. Their creed that of " Evolution," with Darwin as the first prophet. lesides the book of heroes is read " The history of Civilization,' the sub stance of which is an account of its fight, its fees, and its triumphs. When the latter are completed the world shall be " Paradise restored ;" its people shall be angels. Civilization has taught man from n.tisrt the aeer.t by whi,:h life may be prolonged. Its history is a history of ideas,wrlirl have always iilluenoed human condulct. Now their idea of evolution explains the origin of all things, and'sweeps away the Genises of the world, as well as the seuprstitious idea of God and imminorta lity. 'rom such superstitions the civilization has delivered them, and by it they are delivered from the greatest enemy to to the world's progress-Christianity. which.be. g.n to decline during the latter part of the 19th century. It was founded by a Jewish carpenter, who was a mio-t remarkable man. HIis doctrine received its first death blow from our prophet. Darwin, who founded the doctrine of " Evolution." Evolution commenced with a mist, an: d from this llist our history of civilization springs. Glory be to the mlist Tle law of progress wIasnon this wise. The humani heart was seen to have a ten dency to, worship some object. The origidal object is said to have been a God, but duringi the 19th century it was lowered to that of buildings, priests and ceremonies--to man in fact, which last object science has greatly elevated, hence the temple, tie heroes and the Cotmuone. Tie religi,,n of Christ has passed into the religin of ulnanity. The laws of con science and of love lhave been superseded by th?s- of reaison and liberty. This in substance, is the creed of tile Gtl:tutunlc, tile reading of which every Sutiday (iholiday) miorning is received witih applause, and at tile mention of Darwini's name the great choir :sing, "For hlie's a jolly good fellow," the whole cumllpanly joining in tile chorus, " Hip, hip, hurrah." Jha, ihow I weep at this state of thintgs, which recalls to my mind the words of of the Lord " Ye, iwhen ye slha:ll see these thiigs kinow that t ie end is nigh."' Colnscience now begins to upbraid tile ii this wsay. Do you niot know tihe nighti is corning. Do you nrot profess to be watclhingl for your imasters approach. IHave you niot been saying "' Peaee, pieace," iwhen there wnas ino peace 1 Hats not religion been too miuchl taught and undierstod as a dogma, rather thant a life. i As a code of rules rathler than as an Coiii bodimlent of principle. Has noit tile example of Christ beeni left too much out of sight ? Has not the worlds wisdomt prosluced a gelterationi of fools? lHas not the Christian Churche been striving to please thie world, and inow the world has run off with tihe church ?i Has not religion altogether become a thleory,:an instrumneint whterewithl to please men ' Is it aniy wonder, therefore, that the youth is taughtll to doubt, and trained for ornamentt, rather tthant for a lie of usefuliness? Do you not knio that during the Chlristainity of the 19th con tury thie Governriet turnedl the Bible out of tihe day sthools. Hlave you not seen the Saibbathl little by little ignored ? Have you inot heard ChITristain young men speak of lmarriage as a burde ? llalve you lnot seen parentatl responsibility trail ing in the dust, and chlildren ruling over their pIarents. lias Inot the whole church gradually givenr in to tIle soplhistry of tle would-.le-wise of the world. Worldly plhlosoplhers. What wondd:r then that the day of God's wrath should comte. iow I weer for very sabnie lanld sorrol. What would I inot give now to get a copy of the Bible, lwhichl I hlave so badly used. 'Whlat would 1 inot sacritice to attend a prayer mieeting, about which I have been so indifferent, but it is too late no1 that I hald appreciated miore tlhings thatlbelongs unto Imy pence, but now they are hid front ny eyes. Talents, once bright are now rusty. The light kept so listg under a bushel has now turned to darkness, and how great is that darkness. Tle church tthat once taught " Watch, and be sober," has itself fallen asleep. They who once appeared fruitful branches in tile " Livinig Vine" have separated themselves and become withered, and are trodlden [under foot of the Apostles of Darwin. The Lord said, "Keep my statutes and live," but since the church followed Ephraimn, God has left it alone. Now I understand that " (od is not mocked, but that whatsoever the church soweth that shall it also reap. True as are the Scriptures God has still a few that have not defiled their garments. These I now seek to find. After a great deal of eoquiry I fiud my way to a small Christian villngo, outside the borders of the Commuline. Here I am at home again. Hero are churches and chapels where God is wor shipped, and that with more sincerity than in former days. On Sunday I went to the little chapel with great delight. Here the Lord's Supper is a realfeast to my poor hungry soul. The Bible is like a neow book, and is all the more pre cious because of the enemy's persecution. The Communion of Saints is truly blessed. As to their life it is one breath of praise, each member is a high priest offering up the acceptable sacrifice of a humble and obedient life. Here religion is not so much composed of meetings and sermons as of meditation and prayer and good works. Christ is to them a reality, their very life in fact, so, that it is Christ for them to live and like him, they go about doing good, loving each other as lHe has loved them. Beholhling these things I cannot help saying, " Well Christanity is as a great prize compared with the Republic of Materialism." WYhat a contrast between them as to results! Chsistanity has a people pure and happy, who live for the glory of God, and for each other's good. It secures a day of rest for the weary worker. It keeps the nation pure and united by the laws of " Marriage and Homes." It trains the youth for Ihappiness and use fulness in this life, and for glory in the life to come. It cares for its wounded and sick brethren by the provision of hospitals, &c.;, while Materialism on the other hand ignores all divine authority, and sets man against his fellow. The sermon in thie little chapel is on the second coming of Christ. " Behld I came quickly ; hold that fast which thou hast, that no man take thy crown." " The signs of Christs coming," says the preacher, " are being daily fultiJied, and indicate clearly that the Lord is indeed coming quic'l!ly. It is, therefore, our duty to be ready, ready in heart and character towards Christ lHimself, and ready in love towards each other to meet the Lord of love." The prayer meeting (held every Mon day) is a real waiting on the Lord for His comingti. How heavenly is tile place! How full of faith the prayers! No " ifs" and " buts," but blessed is He that shall come, and will come, and will not tarry. We thank thee dear Master that thou art nlot slack concerning they promise. We praise thee for telling its that thy coming will be " as a thief inl the night." The night is closing round us in thac ' Repuhice of Materialism," and, there fore, we watch for thine approach. " Come," says one brother. "Even so come," says another. (rco tE (',NSTIUEDI.) 