agriculture. AGMCULTURAL DRAINAGE. By R.W. Emebson MacIvob, F.I.C.,F.C.8.,&c.; AUTUOlt OF " THK CUEMISTKY OF AGIUCUMUUE." Tim manifold advantages of artificial drainage are not recognised by many colonial settlers, who could very well afford to expend capital upon carrying it out to a much greater extent than they do. It is sure that we do not make the most of our rainfall in the less moist districts of Australia, and equally true that nothing whatever is being done by the farmers themselves to properly consume it. " Wo don't want drainage, we want more rain" is not an uncommon cry. Now, it is a fact, as certain as any in science, that next to the direct storage of water, artificial drainage, effectively carried out, is the best means of giving agricultural lands the full benefit of what rainfall there may be in a naturally dry district. This should be clear from a study of the climatie circumstances of the greater part of Australia. Let us take the ease of Victoria, and the arguments used, apply with as much strength to South Australia and New South Wales. In this colony the average rainfall actually exceeds that of the United Kingdom, by something over an inch, or in other words, by about 100 tons per acre per annum—" If that be true," says Ploughshare, " where on earth does the water go to?" Science offers a simple explanation :— After a period of hot weather, the rain comes down on a hard, more or less sun-baked soil, and collects in pools on the surface. In a short time these pools disappear, for the most part into the air, instead of passing into the body of the earth to be there preserved for the use of growing vegetation, out of all reach of direct evaporating influences. Of a total average annual rainfall of 25 inches in Britain, about 20 inches are returned to the atmosphere by the transpiration of growing crops, and by evaporation from the surface, 5 inches or 500 tons per acre, remain to pass through the land into the drainor. In that country the evaporating power of the air is lesti than the rainfall, But in Victoria these conditions are reversed ; the atmosphere is capable of evaporating about 42 inches, while th± total average rainfall does not much exceed 26 inches. Hence, the best step the fanner can take in order tliat he may preserve the rain is to so prepare his land that in place of remaining in pools on the surface, the water can readily find its way into and throughout the soil. This can be done by one means only, viz., draining. When judiciously carried out, tills" operation not only removes water which otherwise would stagnate on the ground until the atmosphere had taken it back to itself, but improves the porosity of the soil, and thereby facilitates the access of air, warmth and other beneficial agencies. It is better to lose part of the rainfall through drains, and conserve the remainder within the pores of the soil, than to lose, certainly, the greater part of it by superficial evaporation in the manner described. These explanations must, on reflection, convince some of our more intelligent cultivators that, whatever drainage lias for its object in wet countries, its function in the drier regions of Australasia is that of a conservor of the precious fluid, without which all would be desolation and death. In countries like New Zealand, where the rainfall is very heavy, drainage will ultimately be productive of the most beneficial results, no matter what kind of produce may be raised on the land, whether grain, root-crops, sheep, cattle, or horses. It may be true that large areas are fairly well drained by vir tue of their situation, but where rushes and other aquatic vegetation blemish rich pasture or arable land by their presence, it may be taken for granted that nature lias left something to be done in the direction of effective artificial work. As to the best kind of drain that should be adopted in a grain locality, much depends on circumstances. No material liable to perish or silt up should be used. Competent authorities agree that no channel Is so effective as the cylindrical draining pipe, with or without collars. Parkes, formerly engineer to the Uoyal Agricultural Society of England, believed and proved that one- inch pipes were of sufficient bore for most purposes. He found that these pipes, placed '24 feet apart, were capable of carrying away 2A inches or 250 tons per acre of rain in 12 hours, a fall which, so far as the colonies are concerned, is confined to a few localities in New Zealand. It is, however, usual to employ 2 inch pipes for furrow drains, and 3 to (5 inch pipes for main or carrying drains. Good tiles should be smootlily made, free from pieces of stone, and give out a clear musical note when gently struck together. Stones about inches in size or water-worn pebbles are largely used in many places, but where these are scarce the cost of carriage will induce people to adopt tiles. ^Professor Wrightson, a reliable authority, lays down the following general directions for the guidance of drainers:— 1.—The number of outfalls should be redueed to a minimum, as each is a source of weakness. 2.—All outfalls should be secured with a perpendicular grating, and be face- 1 up with stone-work. 3.—Any springs should be drained affk few inches deeper than it is intended;to drain the field generally. By following this rule, the the two systems of pipes will not interfere. 4.—Drains should be laid to intercept any water which may be expected to soak through the higher levels. G.—Main, drains should be tluee inches deeper than furrow drains, so that the latter may deliver their water quickly, and prevent silting. (i.—Main drains should he provided with silting tanks, especially when the drainage works are on a large scale. Each silting tank also to lie provided with a " man-hole," closed with a flag and ring. 7-—The fall should not be less than 1 in 220. 8.—To avoid the accumulation of sediment, and weakening the main drain, the furrow drains should never enter a central main drain exactly opposite each other, but alternately. H.—The greatest possible pains should be taken to arrange a plan in accordance with the levels, and to secure a good outlet. HENRY KENDALL When Shelley, in that superlative rhapsody of words—"Alastor"—-pictured the penalties of the poetic gift, he used the inspired language of the poet, to utter the wisdom of the philosopher. Alastor, the reader will remember, is a dreamer and singer, who, having almost exhausted the fountains of beauty, is still insatiate. He recognises a vastness and love in his nature, which lack their satisfying counterpart in the world ; and, to find whether that counterpart exists, is the object of his poetic aim. He seeks in vain, utterly in vain ; and, baffled and blasted by keen disappointment, finds an early grave. If it were ever the lot of the poet to test this sort of theory, the nineteenth century certanly offers an excellent field. In this ago, the singer, except in isolated cases, personally proves the truth of Hamlet's aphorism, that " the world is out of joint;" nor has he the good iuck, to lie able to say with the Danish prince, that he " was born to set it right." Society, in point of fact, seems to have been " born" to set the bard right—or wrong, which amounts to the same thing. For it cannot be denied, in spite of illustrious examples to the contrary, that the gift of song is often as fatal c the possessor's peace, as the Grecian horse «is to the doomed Trojans. Whether the fault be on the side of the singer, or the world I am not called upon to determine. I simply affirm, that, amid the hoarse roar of this utilitarian age, the poet is heard merely by sufferance : and sorrow, in some shape or other, seems to he his portion. He pipes to a generation that will not dance, or, if it dance, waits till he is dead. Upon the career of Henry Kendall the stamp of sorrow has been set. With a noble hearted wife and beautiful children, lie pos- sessed at least one of the main elements of social happiness. But an overwhelming gloom dominated him perpetually. His songs are steeped in an element of the sorrowful. Had he preceded, in place of following, Edgar Poe, one would have seen in him the embodiment of that " unhappy master " of whom this first of American geniuses writes so mournfully and so melodiously:— " Whom unmerciful disaster Followed fast, and followed faster, till liis songs one burden bore; . Till tiie dirges of bis hope the melancholy burden bore Of never—nevermore." Nor was tiiat gloom produced, in the main, by the failing which a portion of the press lias so unnecessarily accentuated. Those who i knew the inner life of Henry Kendall as well as the present writer did, can certify that family troubles formed a reason sufficiently valid to account for most of his sorrow. La his domestic relations, he had every blessing that a devoted wife and children can give. But, outside that—and the veil need be lifted no further—he incurred perplexities which weighed heavily upon his soul. The simple features in connection with the poet's life have been often mentioned, and may be briefly summarised. Born in the Ulladalla district, in 1842, his earliest recollections were saturated with the beauty of one of the most favored spots in the colony. Passing over minor matters related to his youth, undoubtedly the first fact of importance connected with his mental developement, is that of being associated with the author of " John Cumberland"—James Lionel Michael—a name almost forgotten by the present generation of readers. Michael was a solicitor by professon, but cherished an affection for the Muses, which those ladies did not altogether reciprocate. He was also attached to literature generally. Important indeed, was Michael's influence over the rising poet, who had, even then, begun to "sip Castalian dews." And until Michael's lamented and mysterious death, the warmest feeling subsisted between them. Among Australian authors, however, llarpur was Kendall's earliest favorite. To the last, he retained the highest admiration for Harpur—although, of course, less for what Harpur did than for what he might and could have done. For Charles Harpur had many of the potentialities of greatness; but his was " unfulfilled renown." Not being enamoured of a profession which, as Junius says, " lives by the indiscriminate defence of right and wrong," Kendali jilted the law, and not long after entered the Survey Office, and subsequently the Colonial Secretary's Department. Becoming dissatisfied— not an uncommon experience for intellect cooped up in the Government serviee—he went to Melbourne, thus resigning official life. He was led to visit the southern colony owing to the fact of having won a poetical prize offered by a Victorian journal; and he fondly imagined that there was an opening for him as a literary man there. Hero he stayed for a time, experiencing vicissitudes known only to himself and those who were his friends indeed. Eventually, in this darker period of his life, he visited Sydney again ; and subsequently went to Gosford, where Charles Fagan, J.P., housed and befriended him with a warmth which Kendall never forgot. After a variety of experiences, he visited Camden Ilaven as clerk to the Messrs. Fagan, who have an extensive business in that lovely, but wild, locality. Here he stayed until he received the position, tendered by a genius-rewarding Government, of Inspector of Forest lleHerves. In this position he had to encounter many physical hardships for which he was ill-fitted, and, a little over two months and a half ago, he returned to Sydney, utterly debilitated. From that time lie sank, and, in the house of the Messrs. Fagan Bros., Sydney, he died on the 1st August. These noble-hearted men, whose names deserve to be remembered while Kendall remains a poetic power in the laud, ministered to his dying wants, and his devoted wife incessantly watched beside him. He was buried by a handful of mourners at the Waverley Cemetery, near the sea; and not far from the resting- place of Samuel Bennett, who was long attached to him. In a brief sketch, where the limitations of space are inexorable, a finished appraisement of Kendall's poetry is hardly to be expected. Nevertheless, a few remarks are necessary. The first volume published by the poet contained much that was immature, and little that he wished remembered. But his own judgment of it was far too harsh. It contained songs which possessed the true ring and swing and vigor of a genuine Australian lyric, hi such songs the power—which is, after all, the mint-mark of genius—was unmistakeable. The melody, too, was most undeniable; and, in a tardy way, the local press, which sees "no good in Nazareth," acknowledged him. This was about 18<»2. Seven years after was issued the volume "Leaves From Australian Forests," which, among some " stray echoes from the the elder sons of song" (as the poet modestly puts it) contains some splendid poetic triumphs, which the " world will not willingly let die." What, as a masterly piece of vivid wordpainting, could be finer than " The Hut by the Black Swamp ?" Pictured by the genius of the chronicler, it stands out in unsurpassed realism. Within the circuit of those gloomy slabs, Murder has held saturnalia, and the place is thrice accursed by the terrible ban of blood. There is not a weak stanza in the poem—crisp, sharp, and passionately incisive, the poet can write nil ultra across his work. Here are three stanzas, and those unquoted are no better and no worse:— Across this liut the nettle runs, And livid adders make their Liir lii corners dank from lade of suns; And out of fetid furrows stare The growths that scare. Here Summer's grasp of lire is laid On baric and slabs, that rot and breed Squat ugly things of deadly shade— 'J'lie scorpion and the spiteful seed Of centipede. Unhallowed thunders, harsh and dry, And flaming noontides mute with beat Beneath the breathless brazen sky Upon these rifted rafters beat With torrid feet. Entirely in another style is " September in Australia," which is a veritable poem of greeting to the season when— Grey Winter hath gone like a wearisome guest, And, behold, for repayment September comes in with the wind of the west, And the Spring in her raiment. Most of those who peruse this will remember " Ghost Glen," a poem of weird and eerie energy. It is in this volume. Here, too, are to be found some of those poems of his which are pure songs. " The Wa^rigal," " On a Cattle Track," " The Cattle Hunters," and others, are exquisite for affluence of color and delicacy of touch. They have the breezy melody and rushing sweep of the true ringing lyric, and are closely related to that beautiful poem in the first volume, commencing : From the hills of the Narran, white-dotted with slieep." " Euroclydon " is as erratic in treatment as it is in metre. Take this verse for example : " And the wilted thyme And the patches past Of the nettles east In the drift of the rift, and the broken vine, Are tumbled and blown To every /.one With the famished gJcde and the plovers thinned By this fourfold wind, This wind sublime." What could be more singular or successful* in its way than the hymn to this "fourfold wind, This wind sublime'!" In this volume, too, are those sweet bits of Keatsian word-painting, " Araluen," " Ilia Creek," " Moss on a Wall," "In the Valley," " Mountain Moss," and that most musical study, commencing : " By channels of coolness the echoes are calling." Nor must I omit to mention at least three other poems. "The Voyage of Telegonus," and " Ogyges " are splendid rehabilitations of beautiful Greek myths. The style is lofty and classic, the diction wonderfully sustained. Kendall's intellect, although he knew nothing of Greek as a language, was singulary Hel- lenic in tone and tendency. And these poems ara filled and vital with the majestic solemnity of the subjects. Each is the sublime monody of a human fate or woe; Destiny hangs over each like a funeral pall, and sorrow and hopelessness are the burdens of the songs. Of " King Saul at Gilboa," I shall simply say that it its one of the most perfect Scriptural paraphrases in the language, and brief and rapid aa the study is, I do not hesitate to express this as my deliberate judgment. I have little time now, to refer to the third volume ; but it may be briefly handled. It is remarkable then, mainly for a new departure in subject. In " Black Lizzie," and " Black Kate," and especially in such skits, as " Bill the Bullock-driver," and" Jem the Splitter," Kendall has taken a wider flight, and has alighted in a larger field than formerly. He assumes here the role of an Australian Bret Harte—and though he has not the humour of Bret, he has a far finer command of all the armoury of poetry, " Bill the Bullockdriver," for example, is conceived in a spirit of singular power. It is an absolute study of a phase of Australian forest life. It is a virtual word-photograph, drawn by a genuine son of Apollo. It is characterised by both genius and truth, and had not Kendall died shortly after he discovered his adaptability for this style of composition, we should doubtless have liiad some superlative studies of a pecu liarly Australian type. As it is, we must recognise, without stint, the authentic mission of this poet to pourtray phenomenal phases of bush life. The rest is our loss. But certain of the serious productions in this volume are singularly powerful. They are among Kendall's very best. It is the fashion among some critics to affect to believe that Kendall's earlier were liis best poems. The idea is absurd. Kendall showed, in rhetorical structure and woof, a distinctive advance to the very end. What can be more beautiful in its way than the Melbourne Exhibition Cantata ? Fluent, and of astonishing beauty metrically, it is a lyrical gem. Listen to the ring of this— Dressed is the beautiful City—the spires of it Burn hi the firmament, stately and still; Forest has vanished—the wood and the lyres of it, Lutes of the sea-wind, and harps of the hill. This is the region—and here is the bay by it— Collins, the deatliless, beheld in a dream, Flinders and Fawkner, our forefathers gray by it Paused in the hush of a season supreme. Here, on the waters of majesty near to us, Lingered the leaders by towers of flame— Elders wiio turn from the iordly old years to us, Crowned with the light of ineffable fame. Two other poems, most remarkable for beauty, are " Narjara Creek " and " Beyond Kerguelen." I do not hesitate to say that, for melody and chime, some verses of the former and the whole of the latter are not excelled in the wide range of English poetry. Listen to the opening notes of " Narrara Creek "— From the rainy hill-beads where, in starts and in spasms, Leaps wild the white torrent from chasms to eliasms; From the home of bold eehoes, whose voices of wonder Fly out of blind caverns struck black by high thunder; Through gorges august, in whose nether recesses Is heard the far psalm of unseen wildernesses— Like st dominant spirit—a strong-handed sharer Of spoil with the tempest—comes down the Narrara. Yea, where the great sword of the hurricane cleaveth The forested fells that the dark never leaveth ; By tierce-featured crags, in whose evil abysses The clammy snake coils, and the llat adder hisses; Past lordly rock temples, where silenee is riven By the anthems supreme of the four winds of heaven: It speeds with the cry of the streams of the fountains— It chained to its side,'and dragged down from the mountains. For descriptive majesty these verses can hardly be excelled ; and for complete mastery over a measure that taxes rhythmic capabilities, take one stanza of " Beyond Kerguelen." The rest are equally powerful. Storm from the Pole is the singer that sings to it— Hymns of the land at the planet's grey verge— Thunder discloses dark wonderful tilings to it, Thunder and rain and the dolorous surge. Hills with no hope of a wing or a leaf on them, Scarred with the chronicles written by flame, Stare through the gloom of inscrutable grief on them, Down on the horns of the gulf without name. CliH's with the record of fierce Hying tireson them Loom over perilous pits of eclipse ; Alps, with anathemas stamped in the spires on them; Out by the wave, with a curse on its hps ! Modelled in precisely the same measure, and possessed of the same powerful characteristics, is " The Curse of Mother Flood." In these phases of poetic delineation, the graphic power of Kendall is unrivalled. His remarkable com - mand of metre and the resources of poetry— the singular mastery of words which enables him to emphasise his meaning by an aggregation of epithet, are marked distinctly in these and many others of his poems. I think I need say no more to vindicate the extraordinary merit of many poems in this third volume. And, besides those mentioned are many of no less merit. There is a touching pathos in such poems as " Araluen," and " Mary Rivers;" a fine descriptiveness in "Pytheas;" atender softness in "Hy-Brosil." Whoso runs may read all this. It was, I think, " Orion " Home who, in describing Deniehy's sensuous appreciation of musical diction, affirmed that his " mouth watered at words," just as a gourmand's at a pulpy peach. Far more than to Deniehy, this remark applies to Kendall. There is little in our poet's verse of the grand Wordsworthian meditative faculty — there is little of that " sugar-coated pill " philosophy in metre. Kendall was essentially a descriptive poet—an interpreter of Nature's myriad phases. He cared little for the pourtrayal of human passions; but no contemporaneous poet ever wrought more successfully, to evoke the strong melody that lies in honey- syllabled combinations of words, than Henry Kendall. He speaks, in one of his " sugared sonnets " {as Meres would have called them) of the " sumptuous comfort left in drowsy eyes," by the " haunting songs " of Alfred Tennyson. And this with all naturalness; for, of all English poets, living or dead, Tennyson is simply the most impeccable as an artist. He is the most consummate artificer in dexterous poetic workmanship that England has ever seen; and by the sheer force of natural sympathy and intellectual tendency Kendall has, without imitating, learnt much of the elder bard's full-bodied style. Tliat his opinion and admiration of Tennyson were strong to a most remarkable degree, I know; tor, many a time, in conversation with me, Kendall would put Tennyson at the head of all English poetry, past or present—Sliakspere and the Elizabethans, as he would emphatically say, included. In close accord with the most successful modern poetry, then, Kendall's verse is essen tially rhetorical in structure and woof—as much so as Tennyson's or Swinburne's. For, although these living leaders of the poetic world have little in common, they are alike in the marvellously facile play of their rhetoric. Their styles are, of course, antipodal, For, while Swinburne, with a lyric impetuosity and wealth of words absolutely Pindaric, hymns his " Songs " to revolutionists and " advanced thinkers"—Tennyson, with sublime artistic tranquility, pens aisthetic products, fit at times for his own dreamy passionless lotoseaters. Besides descriptive power, Kendall had a tender vein of pathos and melancholy ; a kind of placid sadness, half a sentiment—half an emotion. And, had he lived to cultivate the comic and satiric faculties he developed, we should have soon possessed spirited sketches of forest eccentricities, compared with which " Wollombi Jim," and " Bill the Bullock-driver," are but " pallid adumbrations." Enough has I think been said for the present. The poet is dead; but his works, vitalized by genius, are undying. He reposes at Waverley Cemetery, within sound and sight of the illimitable sea, lulled—if lulling be needed after a life's unrest—by the voice of the manysounding surge. " Give me a drink from the sea," he said, in one of those lialf-delirious moments that preceded death. And, pursuant to his last request, he sleeps by the sea. Not far removed from him, is the grave of Samuel Bennett, who was ever a veritable friend to the vanished singer. For the rest what shall I say ? " After life's fitful fever, he sleeps well." And with the Roman's " Ave atque vale" on my lips, I stretch my hands out into the dark, and murmur the poet's own lines on Lionel Michael: " Be his i cst the rest he sought, Calm and deep, Let no bitter speech or thought Vex bis sleep." P. J. Holdswohtu. 