Political Froth. BY AN ABSTAINER. LIKE the Roman senators of old, our colonial Lords are supposed to be men of merit. There is no sting intended in the word " supposed;" for are they not all honourable men? Ergo, we may assume that they are men of merit. At four o'clock on Tuesday I found my way into the gallery to listen to their deliberations and draw inspiration sweet from their dis course. The Savings Bank Bill was in com mittee, but I found but little to anoint my pen; there is faint humour in preambles or rates of interest, even when the P.M.G. has them in band ; and though he did tilt at Turner, the thrust fell harmlessly and flat, and dishear tened I left the Chamber before the adjourn ment, determined to seek consolation in the Assembly. When I reached the reporters' gallery the formal business had been disposed of, and the agricultural hero of Wide Bay was pouring out vials of wrath on the devoted head of Macrossan, for the simple reason that the astute Minister was not possessed of such a wide range of information as the aforesaid meml>cr, who appears to combine the otnees of bucolic mentor and farmers' Slide to the Opposition with his own stinction as a pocket edition of a future Australian Encyclopaedia. Henry Palmer Bhortly afterwards rose with a funereal air, and introduced a very grave subject in the form of a Maryborough Cemetery Bill. The " Reform Association" members shuddered, and the House generally appeared glad to get the bill away at any price. Then came on the Immi gration Bill and its penal clauses. It is a pity Henry Russell was not in the flesh to recom mend it to intending emigrants. He might gently warble to the Irish suspects— And ye'U not forget ould Portland In the land ye'r goin' to. This of course is merely in the light of a gentle joke-^-the explanation is necessary per haps; my jokes are, as a rule, like hidden wisdom of the ancient Egyptians. The House appeared to think the colony needed protection from the fraudulent people who would avail themselves of our steam service only to leave for other colonies where their friends were to be found. There were several interesting points in the debate. M'Lean in stilled a little Gaelic warmth into his remarks. Dickson waxed still warmer, and spoke about the danger of "terrifying intending emigrants" by our " most Draconian laws ;" Perkins threw oil on the flame by talking of impostors and fraudulent persons; and when Rutledge had reached salamander point several hon. and thirsty members fled to the refreshment rooms to quaff a "kind nepenthe" in the form of iced claret. I had never heard Dickson in a classical mood before; I have heard him poetical, angry, and dolefully dreary, but he is decidedly at his best when trotting out the old Athenian laws. Peradventure ho may arise as a modern Solon, change the con dition of present affairs, and see Draco M'll wraithus smothered under the misapplied love of his followers. But there is no knowing where a man may end when he mounts classics, and I therefore would advise Dickson to ex change his Chiron for a very useful wall-eyed mare which I—[Advertising columns, please.— Eo.l Well, to proceed; once more to our muttons, though, by-the-way, I must say that commenc ing with Allan is not intentional. He is a breeder of sheep, and the phrase I have used may be deemed appropriate ; a breeder of black sheep—ominous words—and a man who doubt less was in the future-searching eye of the eminent poet—name forgotten—who composed that sublime query, Ba, ba, black sheep, have you any wool! He carried the debate from burning heat to ■now, and then Hamilton rose, doubtless to settle the question : but that task was left for the hon. member for the Balonne. who, after Foote, Thorn, Ferguson, Griffith, the Premier, and other big guns had expended their ammu nition, sprang lightly to his feet. The hon. member is a man _, Whose weighty sense Flows In fit words and heavenly eloquence, and his speech, which occupies two lines of that poetical production ycelpt "Hansard," was received with silent reverence. How dif ferent is he to those "who think too little and talk too much." My genial old friend O'Sullivan, who always comes to the rescue when the life of a debate is waning, came out of his shell properly after tea, when the House was on Griffith's land-order amend ments, and likened the man who walked about with a land-order in his pocket and not enough money to get his dinner, as one who was " Viewing Heaven and feeling Hades (revised edition). The House continued talking until nearly eleven o'clock; the debate, however, was very interesting, and when I awoke from a gentle slumber, into which Mr. Foote's sooth ing eloquence had calmed me, I felt as though the evening had swiftly flown. Wednesday again found me in the Council, but as there was no quorum I was compelled to fly to that scene of "babbling converse," generally known as the Legislative Assembly. Here, as I passed along, I saw Morehead hovering round something like one of the troubled ghosts in Pennies Rogvald, Unwilling to forsake the dust they onoe inhabited. He lingered about for a time, then passed away like the golden colour from an evening sky—in most approved yellow-backed novel style. The Premier's dark horse "Indian Bill," or as he is more acceptably termed, " Indian Immigration Act Amendment Bill," took a preliminary canter, and was then, as "Hermit" would say, "put in clover" until Tuesday next. Mr. Archer introduced a bill for the protection of oysters, and probably considered: he had done a very excellent piece of duty; but it is a risky busi ness. Unless members of Parliament are made exempt from the provisions of the bill, and allowed to make their usual onslaughts on the "luscious bivalves" whenever opportunity offers, it has but little chance of getting through the House. Surely Mr. Archer will Bee the danger of his present attitude. Consideration of the Immigration Bill was resumed. The Premier stated that efforts were being made to increase immigration, but had nothing to say on the subject of organising parties to sing through England, Ireland, and Scotland the praises of what I once heard termed in England That land of the South, that lies under our foot; Deficient in mouths, overburdened with meat. M'Lean said he noticed that as emigrants a preference was given to married couples with a large proportion of daughters over 14 years of age. He thought boys just as desirable. The Premier, bubbling over with gallantry, didn't think so; the girls must come with their mothers; the boys would come by themselves. M'Lean said the girls would follow the boys, but the Logan elect must learn that things have altered since he was a comely lad paddling in the burn and surrounded by the fair lassies in that land where oatmeal cakes and whisky abound and a good-looking youth is lionised. I was glad to see Hor witz in his place again. By the way, the German element is well represented in the House; there are, according to a paper I was reading the other day, four from the "Faderland," and their names are given as Feez, Horwitz, Isambert, and O'Sullivan. This is almost a« good as calling Sulieman Pasha "Jack Sullivan." The Immigration Bill went through committee safely, and will go for its third reading on Tuesday next. The Mineral Lands Bill was then introduced in committee. The Speaker, who had cast off his flowing robes of office, went for the new measure, and tried to nip it in the bud. Mac rossan replied with his usual knock-down arguments, and the debate became interest in? ; but the acme of delight was roached when the majestic " Fwed" arose in all the glory of his perennial youth, and Mr. Scott's "Mr. Cooper" and a flutter in the Wdies gallery were the evidences that something great was about to occur. As Hamilton said, the burst of eloquence that followed waa as the breaking out of Vesuvius. The speech did not last long, and the Herberton advocate relapsed into his usual solemn grandeur. Like the sun he rose in his majesty, and like a puddle under the sun he soon dried up. I forgot to mention that on Tuesday the Premier and Griffith were complimentary to each other; on Wednesday I fully expected to see them folded in an embrace, but contrary to anticipation " our Sam " was found not to have a strawberry mark upon his arm, consequently he could not be the Premier's long-lost brother. It is refreshing to see the contending chief tains fairly working, and " measuresnot men"— good legislation, not a scramble for power— made the great consideration. Garrick and Griffith somewhat badgered Macrossan over one matter connected with mining, or they imagined they badgered him, which amounts to much the same thing j but Mac somewhat turned the joke on Garrick by boiling down his questions into a kind of psychological problem and acknowledging his inability to attach the Q.E.D. The question of grammar only once cropped up during tho debate. Now this is not to be wondered at; for many members of Parliament have not a very keen appreciation of the laws laid down by Lindley Murray; but Griffith thought there was some thing inexplicit in subsection G and wished to have it corrected, fearing doubtless that in the future it might give rise to litigation, a thing wo all know lawyers endeavour to suppress. The Premier said the grammar was good, and Griffith at once bowed to the " distinguished graduate of a distinguished university. Now this was a graceful tribute to distinction, and I believe "Dr." M'llwraith purposes appear ing in his gown and cap on Tuesday week to commemorate the victory he wrung from the learned Q.C. This Mineral Lands Bill is in tended to keep Asiatic and African aliens from mining. In other words, my esteemed friends, the Chinese will have to "git." But, asßuckland, the hero of the bloodless battle of Bulimba, said, "How about the kanakas?" and as Brookeß said, jauntily cocking his beaver hat and looking fiercely at the Premier as though he scented a Tl sinister design," "How about the coolies?" And so the game went on until about half- past 10 o'clock, when the Speaker put on his robes and courteously granted the Chairman of Committees permission to sit again. Thursday is private members' day. It is the time when parliamentary small fry puff them ■elves out with dignity, and fancy they are Ministerial whales—the day of private bills, which are, as a rule, slaughtered ruthlessly or withdrawn after being pretty well abused all round the House. There was a lot of formal business to transact before anything such aa might adorn this column could occur. But when the time came and work really com menced, amends were fully made. Norton got through a motion affirming the necessity for another geologist for the colony; there was a Jack in the North, and he could not see why we should not have a Gill here. Jessop, the Dalby new-blood, was less fortunate with his motions; both were withdrawn, and their mover experienced for the first time in his life that politics, like everything else, are not plain sailing. The hon. member for Stanley then entered upon a philanthropic task, and brought about a long debate. Sheafio came out with a great display of oratory; so did Garrick; but the oratory was of a different class. Garrick let out some of the secrets of the trade, admitting that sentimentality waa one of the articles with which lawyers attempted to influence- juries. In the House he didn't believe in sentiment; going to a jury he did. The devil was ill, The devil a saint would be. The devil was well; The devil a saint was he. Foote said the whole question at issue was in a nutshell; he, however, took a very long time to crack that nutshell, and even after fsarabert and George Thorn had given the benefit of their opinions, the chosen of Bundanba did not look as though he was in a perfectly happy condi tion of mind. Griffith spoke well, but when he commenced to enlarge upon the "successful smuggler who had successfully succeeded in evading the law," I commenced to wonder what length the general run of members would go. The debate lasted until nearly 10 o'clock, when in a House of forty members O'Sullivan^ philanthropy was declined by a majority of two. Buckland tried to rise a Guy Fawkes scare When he asked, " Does the Colonial Secretary know that there are upwards of twenty tons of dynamite and a lot of blasting gelatine at the ;" then there was a pause, but the House breathed again, and hon. members resumed their seats when he concluded. " magazine at Eagle Farm ?" The very mention of dynamite seems to fill members of Parliament with dread, and if a motion was proposed that it should all be shipped off to O'Donovan Rossa in America, I believe that motion would pass the House. Macrossan spo.kc of the danger of relying too much on Ministerial promises; they are as a rule rather suspicious articles to handle but I didn't believe Macrosan would go "backsliding" so early in the session. Groom's essay on "dummying" was very interesting, as also was his moral discourse on the point of its never being too late to do an act of justice. The evening had well worn on when an adjourn ment was made till Tuesday week, a holiday being declared in favour of the Toowoomba show. So next week we shall have a quiet time —to admire the giant pumpkins and prize maize at the city of the Downs, to enjoy bucolic dreams and indite pastorales. At the confirmation ceremony at St. Stephen's on last Sunday the young people were asked to pledge themselves to total abstinence from in toxicating liquors till they attained the age of twenty-five years. They may then feel released from the pledge or they may choose to volun tarily continue its observance. We believe that the boys and girls confirmed on Sunday last, without dissent, accepted the obligation, but the Bishop, respecting the opinions of their parents, desired that they should be consulted before the names were placed on the register. No doubt very few parents will demur to their children being pledged to teetotalism for the term specified, and it is believed that if they remain teetotallers till their twenty-fifth year they are tolerably safe for the rest of their lives from undue indulgence in intoxicating liquors. A .number of Chinamen have been summoned to the Melbourne Police Court for conducting lotteries. In one case, Ah Tiy, who did not appear, was fined £50, the highest penalty allowed by law. 