PROMINENT GOLON5STS. : ? ? ? HON. WILLIAM FORSTER, M.P., SYDNEY Mr. Forstor has been one of the most pro minent politicians in New South Wales. He has beon Agent-General for the colony ; he lias beon Treasurer ; he ha3 been Minister of Lands ; he has beon Colonial Seorotary ; and he Iia3 been Premier. Mr. Forster is evidently an able man ; out his talents, notwithstanding the frequency Iks has been in office, have been chiefly displayed in opposition. He is in op position at present, and from the tone of the speeches recently addressed to his constituents, it appears that ho is not unwilling to place himself once more at the head of an Adminis tration, andgivon new turn to the politics of the colony. Between him and Sir Henry Parkes there is assuredly no love lost. Ho has no admi ration of Sir Henry's character, and no mercy for the weak points in his policy. In speaking of tho present Premier he does not hesitate to alludo to ' disroputablo antecedents' and to uso such terms of invective as ' foul and vile hands.' He assails him as a ' political acrobat,' because ho had been a rabid protectionist and a rabid free-trader, a rabid denominationalist and a rabid secularist, just as it suited his purpose. Ho exposes the worthlessness of the land system upheld by the Premier as a system which has utterly failed to settle a prosperous yeomanry upon the soil, and whioh has only succeeded in add ing to the number and extent of the large estates. From the tone then of tho speeches whichhe has beonrecently delivering, it may be confidently expected that, should Mr. Forster come to tho front again, it will be as the leader of a Liberal party, with a policy which shall bo truly liberal in more respects than one. Mr. Forster was born at Madras, in 1818, and camo to Australia when ho was about 11 years of age. At an early age he entered into squatting pursuits. 'Whilst so occupied he cul tivated literature, contributing largely to the Sydney press on political subjects. About the timo that Sir John (then Mr.) Robertson was acting as tho delegate of the squatters, and appealing to the Governor for redress, Mr. Forster wrote a satire having tho samo end in view, which he published in tho Atlas news paper, under the title of The Dovil and the Governor. When the agitation on the trans- . portation question was in full swing. Mr. Forster wrote another satire entitled The Genius and the Ghost— a dialogue betivoen the genius of Sydney and tho ghost of transportation. 'But,' (wa quote from Heaton's Men of the Times) his genius for satiro has been more allied with the logic and eloquence of pub lic orations than with the art of versification, in which ho has shown that he can excel. Shortly after tho introduction of responsible governmont, Mr. Forster made himself known to the people of New South Wales as a leader in Parliamentary conflicts. At different times he represented East Sydney, St. Leonards, the Hastings, Quoenbeyan, Ulawarra andMurrum bidgee. From the time of Mb entering Par liament, Mr. Forster was a keen critic of the Cowper Administration. Agreeing with that Administration in political principles, hev was ever on the alert to deteot inconsistency in their practices. When the education question camo on, the denominational tendencies of Mr. Cowper's schomo offered an opportunity for attack. That Government was defeated, and Mr. Forstor was entrusted with tho work of forming a Ministry. He associated with him self Mr. John Black (as Minister of Lands), Mr. Saul Samuel (as Treasurer), Mr. G. Eagar (as Minister of Works), Mr. R Wise, after wards judge of the Supremo Court (as Attor ney-General), and Mr. J. F. Harcrave. now Mr. Justice Hargravo (as Solicitor-General). This Ministery was defeated on their Upper House Eleotoral Bill, and retired in March, 1860\. Mr. Forster has not since that time been at tho head of on Administra tion, although tho opportunity of taking that position was offered to him/ in May, 1872, when tho Martin Ministry was de feated on the border duties question. He was Colonial Secretary in Mr. Martin's first Ministry, and Secretary for Lands in Mr. Robertson's second Ministry. From Oth Feb ruary, 1875, to 7th February, 1876, he was Colonial Treasurer in the Robertson's Ministry, and on that date waB appointed Agent-General for the colony, of Now South Wales, resident in London.' On Sir Henry Parkes attaining tho Premiership, the Agent General was treated by him in a very high \- handed manner, and at length ho was sum marily recalled. Mr. Forster naturally enough resented tho rough treatment ho received on the occasion of his recall ; and people say that ho is only biding his time for getting revenge upon his great enemy. . . HON. WILLIAM POESTEE, M.P., SYDNEY. 