CHILDREN'S ENQUIRY COLUMN. T. E.—" The gift of God " is mentioned in Eccles. iii. 18, ID; Romans vi. 23 ; Ephe. ii. 8. A. and L. Kemp add John iv. 10 ; Acts vili. 20. T. B. C gives all the above. Would you mind looking at 1 Cor. vii. 1 ? It is very similar, and seems to me a very helpful truth. " The gift of the Holy Ghost" has been also quoted from Acts ii. 38, x. 45, and " the gift of Christ" occurs in Ephe. iv. 7. Nor must we forget the beautiful "ThankB be to God for His unspeakable gift''—2 Cor. ix. 15. M. K. K.—Thank you very much. Will you oblige me by sending to the Rhynie Post-Office for a letter, if it is not otherwise received ? ELLA.—Do you think it right for a woman to preach in church? It does not seem to harmonise with the Bible teaching on the subject. 1 Cor. xiv. 34,35, as well as the passage you mention, evidently imply that St. Paul considered women ought to have no public share in the ministrations of the church. Foreseeing that they might wish to ask for information he tells them to "learn at home." In respect to the services of which you speak it seems to me that the circumstances of the case are so unusual, and the blessing of God so apparent that the apostle himself would set aside his objection. Priscilla, in Acts xviii. 26, took Apollos to her own home for instruction; and yet there are instances in the Bible of women who spoke publicly for God. See Exod. xv. 20; Jud. iv. 4; 2 Kings xxil. 14; Luke ii. 36; Acts xxi. 9. I think each of us is responsible to Christ for the work we undertake; and when His blessing follows services held by a woman, surely you and I are bound to believe that He approves her action, though we might hesitate to follow the same course. I am very glad to see your writing again, and hope your eyes will soon be strong. A. KEMP.—Please explain John i. 48—50? Why was Nathanael surprised and convinced ? I think he was so much astonished by Christ's words, « When thou wast under the figtree, I saw thee," that he could not help believing Him to be " the Son of God." You and I are so familiar with the story of Jesus that we are not surprised by anything He aid ; but the people round Hiiq during His earthly life could not possibly know as much as we do about Him ; and therefore it seems to me that Nathanael wanted the Messiah so much that he was delighted to find Him in Jesus of Nazareth. Then you must please let me say that it is far more astonishing that Jesus accepted the title "Son of God," than that Nathanael should give it. Suppose^ it were untrue, Jesus would have denied it as eagerly as Paul and Barnabas refused to be worshipped at Lystra—Acts xiv. L3—18. Dear friends, some people talk as if there were no God, and the phrase «• the living God " occurs many times in the Bible. If you find it, you will have one of the proofs that it is only a fool that " says in his heart,' There is no God.'" All references, questions for explanation, letters, or suggestions in counection with this column should be addressed to "Tnalia Curtis," Colonist Office, Leighstreet, Adelaide. 