MARYBOROUGH". ( niCiH OUIt OWN OOllRKSl'ONDKNT.] As a further proof of our advancement, we cun point to tbo rather extensive strikes of the saw-mill workmen this wouk, nearly 200 men j tmiug turned out. Thoobioctstruckfor was the reduction of the hours of labour from ten houra a day to eight. Nearly all the otberworkmen in town, encti es the fonndrymen, carpeaisrg> ■ plumbers, &c;«, Work only eight hoars per day, aa*i ;tho saw-mill men naturally want to ho placed on tlii game level. The:ettikergh*vetbe sympathy of the public generally, fl?> they are not an over paid claes of workmen, the labourers receiving '?!». per day. The man have atQCX pretty wtli together, and have gained their point* but at a reduction in .their wages* They will a*»ly be« paid1 Jot eight hours' work, so that th</ em-v ployers will lose nothing. As this is a holiday week, the men. 80 a body, will not start work' before Monday. The workmen employed at tco two foundries, who hare lately been con ceded the eight hours' boon, are desirous of showing their gratitude to the employers and have invited tham to a banquet, to bo held shortly. This is a much more pleasant affais to both parties than a strike. The land fever is still raging here, and ex traordinary prices are being paid for land sold by auction, the properties are generally situated three or four miles from town Many of the buyers are from Sydney, and some from Vic toria, and this shows a belief ia the future prosperity of the town and district, Th6 building trade continues aa brisk ae ev<r, and joiners, for town and country, arc much needed. Coachsciitbs and blacksmiths are in demand, and domestic servants are diffi cult to be got. A supply of the latter, however, is expected hero by the end of next week by the ship "Western Monarch, bringing over 400 immigrants to Maryborough. The recruiting of,volunteer* forafire brigade for the town is proceeding, and Maryborough will shortly be proclaimed nnder the Fire Brigades Act. The command of the brigade, when on duty, will b* entrusted to one of our medicos, who is a born fireman. Subscriptions aro being collected to provide engine and appli ances. ..Over a hundred pounds have been collected for the widow and children of the unfortunate man : Bobert Welsh, who was killed so suddenly in I the engine-house at the station last week. The | thinness of the partition between life and death was strongly exemplified in this csee. In less than an hour after he had left his home for his work,he was a mangled corpse; and eight hours after ho had risen from breakfast, a strong, vigorous man, he was lying in his grave. The building intended to be U3sd as a girl's grammar school iB progressing very satisfac torily. Much energy ia being displayed by the • trustees and tho ladies of Maryborough in-' devising ways and means to pay the c:st of the building. A grand bazaar for this purpose 5e to be held next March in the Town Half, end most of the good and good-looking ladies of the town are already banded together to make the affair a grand success. And there is no doubt that they will succeed It was lately proposed • to have an Olde Englishe Fayre here for the benefit of tho school, but, after dae delibera tion, the ladies set their faces against the idea, and, of coarse, the fayre withered up at once," like Jonah's gourd. In the meantime, concerts are being arranged to provide funds for the good cauBe, that of the higher education of girls; and the company of Pollard's LiKpo fcians give a benefit performance this evening for the same cause. Mies Budgott, the lady principal of the school, has resigned, and tumour says she has been appointed lady prin cipal of tbe Rockhampton Grammar School,7 7 If so, they have made a good choice. She will be succeeded hero by Miss May Darling, who; is said to be a relative of the heroic Grace Darling. The anti shouting movement is spreading here, and it is to he hoped that victory over thisstnpid custom will he gained. The Rev. R. R: Eva, Church of England minister here, who has been down in the metropolis lately, reported at the Church of England Temperance Society on Monday evening, that tha anti shouting crusade was being carried oo success fully in Brisbane and other places, and that he was determined to try his beet and uproot the custom here. May ho succeed. The Mayborough Rowing Club, at a meeting. last night, made arrangements for the convey ance of the champion Maryborough crew and their boat to Rockbampton, where tbey go to give the Fitzroy clabs a bearing. The annual race meeting commences to morrow, and will be continued dnricg the week. . The town is full of jockeys and bstting-men, and this meeting is expected to b* something better than usual. The weather is showery and unsettled, and the course will be somewhat heavy. . Mr. James Frost, 'locomotive foreman at the railway works here, and late of Ipswich, has lately been promoted ;to the post of Inspector of Rolling Stock in the colony. On Saturday evening, the employes iu the locomotive and oarriage works, determined not to let Mr. Frost leave them without some token of their good will towards him, and accordingly presented him with an address beautifully illuminated, in which was inscribed their high appreciation of him, their sorrow to part with him, and their betf wishes for bis ruturo prosperity. Such, affairs as these say a deal both for foreman and employes. Frofessor Pepper's ghost has been walking here this week; a cbtesioal concert comes off this evening for the benefit of the hospital; to-night also theLiliputian troupe cotnmeuco their second season here; a fancy dress ball takes place to-morrow night, for which double the number of tickets could havo been sold ; and a Christy Minstrel ontertainmcnt is on the bills. The newly formed vocal and instrumental association has successfully passed its first meeting, and promises to supply a felt want in Maryborough. The association meets in the State school, and is conducted by Mr. Curd, the head teacher. A football match, between the Emn Club, cf Maryborough, and the Gyrapie Club, comes c£ to-morrow, on the reserve. A cricket match, of interest to Maryborough people, is fixed for Friday, to bo played between the Oxford club and tho newly-formed club of the Shopkeeper*' assistants. The Rev. Tonison-MTocda ia at present en gaged on a " History of the Coalfields oi Queensland." 