EGYPTIAN GHOSTS. A BUSY portal is the Bab Zooayley, which stands between two minarets, and is supposed to be haunted by the presence of the Kurth, who is the most holy of the Wales or saints. People tormented with toothache drive a nail into this door to charm away pain, and victims of toothache will sometimes actually draw a tooth and hang it up in some crevice of the wall, in the same hope. On the gate were formerly exhibited the heads of criminals ; but this practice has been discontinued in Cairo, as well as in London, and the massacre of the Maine- hikes afforded the latest decoration in this style. This is not the only place supposed to be haunted by evil spirits. The James or Genii still amuse themselves by teasing peaceable householders, and find their way into private dwellings. They are supposed to be imprisoned during the forty days of Ramazan, but at the close of that holy season they recommence their pranks ; so the women sprinkle salt upon the floors of their rooms in the name of God the most merciful, and they suppose that this will prevent the evil spirits from entering. In the desolate, forsaken suburbs are ancient tombs and ruined mosques without number. These are the abodes of the Effrits, some of whom are evil Genii, others the ghosts of the unhappy dead. One touch from the shadowy finger of an Ell'rit would leave his human victim a howling, helpless demoniac ; so it must be a bold man who will face such dangers at mystic hours of night, or in divers phases of the moon, Some years ago Mr. Lane, the Arabic scholar, and his sister, Mrs. Poole, occupied one of these haunted houses, and published an extraordinary account of the marvellous sights and sounds, which made all their servants leave, and finally compelled themselves to follow suit, but which could never be in any wise accounted for. They knew the tradition of the treacherous murder which clung to the house, and they heard fearful shrieks, groans, and yells resounding in their ears, and their servants vowed that again and again they beheld the accursed " in visible form pass from room to room. On one occasion the accursed was shot, and Mrs. Poole declared that the agonising scuffling and groan- ing that ensued made her rush to see what human being was dying. The servant who had fired the shot was shouting for aid, but all that was found beside the bullet was a lump of burnt cinder resembling the sole of a shoe, which all the Arabs declared to be the invariable relic left when a devil was destroyed. The mystery was never cleared up and the legion of spirits increased their antics tenfold to avenge their injured brother till at last they succeeded in driving out all human beings and retaining undisturbed possession of the house. There is not an action in life that is not fraught with more or less danger from evil spirits, but the terror ever present to the Egyptian mind is that of the Evil Eye. Every admiring glance cast on whatever belongs to them is actually a pang, so certain is it that some mischief will ensue. It would not even be safe for a man to behold his own face in a looking-glass without blessing the name of the Prophet, lost his unconscious admiration of himself should work mischief. Should a stranger ignorant of this custom praise anything he beholds he is at' once requested to repeat certain words of in- vocation, which may avert the probable calamity. Most especially does this dread apply to children. You will see the neatest, cleanest Egyptian lady, whose own raiment is of faultless purity, followed by her little ones, who are purposely left filthy, so as to attract less attention. Sometimes small boys are eyed dressed as girls, so as to excite less envy. A mother who, nevertheless, fears that her child has been admired, will at sunset cut off a fragment of its dress, burn it with a little salt and alum, and sprinkle her child with the ashes, having first fumigated it with the smoke. Many counter-charges' are commonly used. A favourite one is to burn alum while recit- ing chapters of the Koran. The alum will surely take the form of the envious person, and this little image must be powdered and mixed with food, and so given to a black dog A little alum, or a few cowrie shells, worn about the dress avert this evil and this is the reason why so many trappings for horses and camels are all trimmed with cowrie shells. Perhaps the most curious thing of all is to hear of men declaring that they would sooner eat poison than taste the fat meat hung up in the butchers' shops, lest any hungry beggar should have beheld and covered it. They prefer going to distant shops, where the meat is concealed from the passers-by. Only think of the row of carriages outside some fashionable confectioner's shop ; imagine that all his ices are so much poison by reason of the envious bystander and wretched beggars who stand watching the pretty ladies enjoying their good things !-O'entlenum's Magazine. 