COMMUNICATED. [Correspondents who an good enough to forward newspapers containing theatrical items will much oblige bj marking those passages to which tbey desire to direct atten tion, and when cuttings are enclosed, it is desirable they should nave attached to them the name of the paper from which thej are taken, and the date.] : BALLABAT, MAT 8. .me production of " Antony and Cleo p&tra;"majrjastly be regarded utt ttnpM* tant event. The conrag® of Mr. W. J. Holy loxray in venturing upon BO burs* important an trnderWdngta woeiving He am mnM at the handsoi Hit jmMic, who fiightly throng the theatre. lu. Hwloway dyes a right (oral imperaooatioa of Mate Antony. It reqaine no eteetch of the imagination to believe we eee the gn»t Roman oonqneror Uufedt Great u.Mi, Hollowsr's popularity has alwaya been bete, title, hie lateet impereonatton, hae WW him to a higher pinnacle of favour. Wm Annie Mayor? Cleopatra wae a met imweeiive portrayal of de part Withojt ^faming her performaooe itf wM be difficult to bdieve ahe wold oterooiae the drawback of her die to eoflnpetaly. The BraSestr of her deportment eoipiUed ww SSL?!?* T«al *. M ' ' ,I«a iitiu" ^ the MdCiaonat^SSi^^ M19M9& vVM UOf{" It-..1 ...* toiife*1 S*t* Mien tiB oo^dmh)/ at »'»?ttlMttnini w !>. vSSBm* to be like Mr. Felix O'Callaghan-on its last legs, lo the entertainment line, Professor Bice, at Owner's Theatre, monopolises all attention. His " mind- reading" is simply in* explicable. So {at as ordinarily intelligent people can judge, there is no trickery what ever in his onusual proceedings. So long as any member of his audience can make a con sistent mental picture of any article in the theatre, Professor. Bice can positively, by some unknown prooess, transfer that picture to bis own brain, and find the article thus imaged. He also exposes spiritualistic shams of all descriptions, from rope- tying to ghosts. With him is a Bliss Sarah Lewis, a native of Btawell, in your colony, who possesses a grand mezzo-soprano voice-that is, the timbre is that of a meszo, though she can sing up to E above the line. She is not yet 16, ana needs much cultivation, but her voice is extraordinarily powerful and sweet. Miss Pomeroy is to open in (alas 1) " Led Astray" on the 8th May. Recent letters from India inform na that Herr Bandmann was at Bombay, appearing in the part of Othello. Mr. Ogden was play ing I»go, and Miea Beandet Desdemona. 