Crossfttsr. the HerldLaiu In* time, each day begins at midnight ; in place-, at the 160th meridian. When it is midnight at Greenwich it will be, let us say, Wednesday for ISOdcg. east and Tuesday for ISOdcg. west, the 180lh meridhin dividing the two days. If a person crosses tne menatan, coming east, he sails out of Wednesday and into Tues-. day. If he goes .westward he sails out of Tuesday and into Wednesday, ft is never the 6ame day. ail round the world except when it is striking midnight on the lSOtli meridian. One hour after it is midnight ludeg. further west, and 1 a.m. of Wed nesday (say) at the meridian, Wednes day cxlenoing over 15deg. of the surface, of the earth, and Tuesday over the re maining 245deg. : in other words, the new day extends from the I60th meridian west to midnight, wherever they may be, and the old day extends from the 18'0th meridian east till it meets the new day at midnight. Reversing it, it is the new day from midnight at 'any point on the earth eastward to the ISOih meridian, and the old day westward to that meridian. It does not matter upon what parallel of lulitude you cross the 180th degree of longitude — whether at the Equator or the Arctic Circle — the old day is always oast of it, the new rtay west of it. In crossing the 180lh meridian ships add or drop a day in order to keep accurate tiiue~ A A steamer sailing west,, from Snn Fran cisco for Yokohama, comes to the meridian at 10 a.m. Tuesday. Her bow crosses, and in the forecastle it is 10 a.m. Wed nesday, while in ihe cabjn. it is 10 a.m. of Tuesday. A moment later it is. 10 a.m. of Wednesday in the cabin also, and. Tuesday is left, behind. Twenty -four hours have been added to the reckoning, but no lirao ho» been actually gained. A vessel sailing eastward reverses this, sail ing out of 10 a.m. Wednesday Into 10 1- a.m. of Tuesday. It may be asked ' What becomes of the 10 a.m. of Tuesday that was left behind ?* That 10 a.m. of Tors day was twenty-four hours old ; it began on the meridian twenty- four hours pre viously, travelled westward around the world; and was then ready to give up the ghost And let 10 a.m.' of Wednesday beg iu its journey. Each hour of each day begins at the I&Olh; meridian, tnivels westward for twenty-four hours, and when it 'arrives again at the meridian the same hour of the next day starts. The whole arrangement is .an arbitrary, one, .agreed upon by Christian people in order to simplify reckoning, and the I80lh meridian is selected for tho begining of the day be cause it is in the middle of the Pacific Ocean and avoids ihe complications that would rise if the day began at a meridian running through a thickly - populated country. — Hhisfrated Sydney iVeito. 