Over the Clock. BY A STRANGER. ' 'Gainst humbug sworn, from malice free.' Another 'block ' on the legislative line on the 2 1st instant in the shape of an adjournment motion, the offender this time being Mr. J. P. Abbott, and the occasion, bricks. Now we should be sorry to style this hon. and learned gentleman a legislative larrikin ; but of course this is just what your ordinary out-of-doors larrikin does. Other means of offence failing, 'Heave a brick at him, Joe!' is an «ver-ready resource for those brave youths for whose delicate skins Mr. Buchanan has so keen a fellow feeling. Now, than this same process of heaving bricks there is nothing easier. If you have none of your own, there is no need for this purpose of calling for tenders or stipulating as to price. Free, gratis, and for nothing, there are always any number of patriotic individuals who will be happy to supply any conceivable or inconceivable demand, provided only that the bricks are thrown in the most reckless fashion possible. As] Mr. Lackey, in his short, sharp, but scarcely sharp enough, speech, plainly proved, there was no more in this latest supposed springing of a plant than in the dozen other spirited efforts of the self constituted Parliamentary detectives which even during this short session have done their best to reduce the reputation of the Assembly in general, and the Government in particular, to that of little better than ' a den of thieves. It is the poorest possible pretence for hon. members to invoke in one breath, those atrocious charges, and in the next, as Mr. Abbott did on the occasion mentioned, exonerate the par ticular Minister to whose department they may refer. They know, if beyond miserable tittle-tattle and their own dark ends they know anything, that the Minister is responsible, and, if not as cowardly as his assailants, will cheerfully accept the responsibility of everything that is done under him. Now, does any sane man believe that in this brick business Mr. Lackey deliberately threw his country and his conscience over for the simple purpose of putting money in the purse of Mr. Bussell Barton r That is the plain English of Mr. Abbott's charge, and he must either have believed it or not. * If he did believe it, one may fairly ask which is the more to be pitied, his head or his heart ; if he did not — well, he glories, we observe, in the title of 'The Parliamentary Informer,' and must be left with Mr. M'Elhone to his own congratulations. At last Mr. John Da vies ha3 broken cover. Baited and badgered as this hon. member has so long been, both in and out of the House, a bolder spirit would probably have taken to the open and faced his assailants long before. All men, however, are not heroes, or even ordinarily brave, or it may be that it is simply the Christian spirit for which in other respects he is so remarkable that has made Mr. Davies hitherto so meekly turn his cheek to the stutter, or at any rate held him silent under insults that would have stung moBt other men to very instant reprisals. It is something, then, to find that even this pattern member of the peace-at-any-price party draws the line of longsuffering somewhere, and can show fight on occasion. To be sure, it was a pretty easy occasion, the immediate charge of taking tip from a well-known contracting firm being clearly false on the face of it, and the accuser being merely Mr. M'Elhone. What ever one may think o£ Mr. Davies, every one knows that Mr. Cornwell is not a born fool, as he certainly would have been to part with a thousand pounds, or a thousand pence, for any such flimsy consideration; and as for being abused by Mr. M'Elhone, probably, of all the great C.M.G.'s distinctions, that is about the best. But the result of his effort on the 2 1st instant does proveonething — that, after all, there is nothing like pluck. If you don't feel it — and some men can't — at any rate try to show it. Fortunately, with all its faults, there is always manliness enough in the House to admire, under almost any circumstances, a man bravely taking his own part; and the ringing cheers from all sides that greeted the hon. member's rather late in the day rounding on his tor mentor must at least have convinced him that the very worst thing a man can do under a cloud of any kind is to At down under it. Whether it be from the old fact that ' two of a trade can never agree,' or that, like the Grand Turk, he can ' bear no brother near the throne,' or simply from the natural contamination of the subject, we know not ; but it is certain that Mr. Buchanan is never rougher nor severer than when dealing with his worthy rival in the field of slang-whanging, Mr. M'Elhone. The here ditary feud of the great Pot and Kettle families is nothing to the mutual hate that seems to inspire these two well matched competitors for the crown of all Billingsgate whenever they get within striking distance. As one has seen two bulls fiercely contend for the mastery of the soft-eyed harem, so do these two hon. members every now and then savagely bellow and butt and gore each other after a fashion that might make the proud monarchs of the herd seem mere lambs in comparison. As in their case there is no herd, not even a solitary calf to fight about (unless, indeed, in this instance Mr. Davies may be taken as that interesting animal), the animosity must be held to be purely personal ; and here is a psychological puzzle : Why should souls so like be yet bo opposite ? Is it that each sees in the other the likeness of himself, and, like the smallpox patient on his first glance at the looking-glass, starts at the terrible vision, or is it that, like rival 'stars' at some 'penny dreadful,' both are simply horribly jealous? If there can be any aggravation in such a case, it is that Mr. Buchanan at least should know better. Learned by courtesy, and a gentleman by profession, he has also some pretensions to literature, and should surely know by this time that froth is not force any more than such flowers of speech as 'festering filth,' ' rottenness of obscenity,' 'four- legged brutes, ' and ' two-legged monsters ' are eloquence. Suppose it were true — as accurate a sketch of his subject as a picture of the ' festering filth of the charnel-house' itself, if any artist could be got so to befoul his canvas and disgust the public But so are a good many other things in this dirty world that nobody talks about in decent society or anywhere out of the land of the Yahoos. If Mr. Garrett's prayers avail — and they surely should — any anxiety as to the speedy recovery of the Premier may be at once dismissed. If he has one wish in the world, next to another resumption case, dearer than another, it is to challenge that hou. gentleman to mortal combat, and compel him at the point of the true sword of a free-lance to ' wipe out the disgrace he had inflicted by a state ment he made when the House refused to carry his tyrannical, unusual, and unconstitutional motion.' This means mischief, and may be held to mean more, pluck and a very pretty tilting match when the lists are eet and the old knight has once more got his beaver down and tough old lance in rest. But is it wise, Mr. Garrett, is it wise to trouble those very muddy Milburn Creek waters again r There are other waters far purer and clearer, not to say sweeter, that might suit your purpose very much better one ; notably, to wit — the deep water of oblivion. The junior member of Newtovrn, Mr. Mitchell, is a man to bo pitied. He has the misfortune to have for a colleague a Minister of the Crown, and this very fact, that might have been expected to be his political dis tinction, has become his political destruction. Other people can get anything they want for their beloved con slituencs ; he can get nothing. ' Why is this thus ? ' asked the hon. gentleman in tones of quite heart-rending pathos, and echo answering ' Why ?'' he declared he would put up with it no longer. He was tired of it, quite tired of this perpetual, haunting of Government offices like an ex- Minister's ghost or a land agent, and would stand it no more. What he was goiog to do instead, the hon. gentleman did not state, did not indeed exactly know, but he could learn, and he would leam, if it could be learnt, even if he had to go to school to Mr. M'Elhone. All this melancholy mood was apropos of insufficient railway accommodation at Newtown, which, Mr. Mitchell being an extensive wood and coal merchant of that ilk, does not meet bis busi ness requirements ; but there was a yet grayer matter of the couithouses, as to which the hon. gentleman's feelings overcame him altogether. He declared |he could not speak of it at all with anything like 'equanimity;' and Mr. Melville kindly ejaculating from the Opposition benches, ' Come over here, and we will give you rest I' he declared he would if his wants were not attended to, and that at once, if not sooner ! It took all the Minister of Justice's best air and noblest sentiments of justice to all,' injustice to none, to soothe the ruffled soul of his injured colleague. It is to be hoped he succeeded; otherwise he knows what to expect. 'If i these matters are not attended to,' said Mr. Melville, taking up the cudgels for his friend, ' I shall send the Government an ultimatum if, my hon. friend doesn't.' And here we are with our guns not half-mounted yet, the Wolverene unmanned, and both our gallant colonels commanding cooling their heels on the shadv side of Pall Mall. «_«____ 