Cfje Wallaroo Chrns. WAJLiLAKOO. SATURDAY. JULY IS, 1882. It will be seen by the telegrams received up to one o'clock this morning, that noth ing has yet transpired to betoken danger of interference bj any of the Powers, owing to the action taken by England in bombarding Alexandria. Tbe Egyptian army is demoralized and is retreating. Deep regret, however, will be felt at the fact tb9t a large number of European* who bad been engaged in defending tbe Ottoman Bank forfeited their lives before they were able to reach the shore to claim the protection of tbe British forces. It is also sad to think that a city of such grandeur as Alexandria, which was a few days ago tbe pride of Egypt is now almost entirely destroyed by fire j and that the remaining inhabitants and their property are alike the prey of the wandering hordes that live by plunder. However, no time is being lost by tbe British Admiral in landing forces, which there is little doubt. will soon put to flight those who are at pressnt trying to profit by the misfortune. of others. Thb bombardment of Alexandria by the British fleet commenced on Tuesday morning at day breaks There were eight Ironclads engaged in the work, namely H.M.S. iron turret chip Inflexible (four 81 ton guae), Temeraire (four 25-ton guns and four 18-ton guns J, Penelope (ten 12-ton guns), Superb (four 25-ton guns), Sultan (eight 18-ton guns and four 12-ton guns), Invincible (ten 12-ton guns), Alexandria (two 25-ton guns and ten 18 ton guns), and tbe Monarch (four 25-ton guns and two 6f-ton guns). The Alexandria, Sultan and Superb, were tbe first to open fire at abont 7 o'clock, and in a quarter of an hour the other vessels joined. Tbe shore batteries promptly' returned the fire, but were powerless. The majority of tbe shots fell short of the vessels; and those which were properly aimed made little or no im pression on the ironclads. There is little doubt the action of the British in thus stepping in, espeei&Uy; after iiavrog been deserted at the laBt moment by France, who bad up to that time appeared to be aoting in conjunction with England, was fraught with grave responsibilities. But there is little doubt that the stand.at last made by the British Government will meet with the warm approval of tbe majority of Her Majesty's subjects in all parts of the world; and, what is also reassuring, Germany and Aus tria and the majority of tbe Great Powers !iave expressed their approval of the stand of the British Government in the action they have taken in bringing the Egyptian Minister of War to his senses. As is pointed out by the telegrams, there is also aoother important point that has barding of Alexandria, we refer to the o^ortuuitjitbas-affordedof proving the effectiveness'of the terrible engines of war that have teen invented idunnjj the past half dozen years.. It is sad to think that owing to the impetuosity of one ambitious man there. should be such a wholesale destruction of life and property, and that a city with the associations which cling fo Alexandria should be destroyed; but it •ill serve asa warning in future to those who seek to oppose the authority of a nation, that is proverbial for serving out even handed justice, and is provided with the means of enabling it to maintain such a course. The confusion amongst the Egyptians is said to have been very great, although the soldiers displayed consider able courage in the fraitlesss taskof di j recting the fire from the Forts upon the [ British vessels. There was also a fearful I panic at Port Said. Owing to the danger | of allowing vessels to cro through the Suez [ Canal during hostilities, Admiral Sey | mour issued instructions forbidding tbe | entrance of any ships. This met with j great opposition from the Canal Company, and consequently the order has since been rescinded; but conditionally upon the owners of vessels undertaking the risk themselves. Tt must have been a trying moment for the British Admiral on the , eve of commencing the fearful work of destruction when beset with ptotests. The Sultan of. Turkey objected to the proceedings as an infraction of his rights ss Suzerain over Esypt. In addition to this the Consuls of the various European Powers, resident in Alexandria, before quitting the city, presented a joint note protesting against the proposed bombard ment as being uncalled for. But a deaf ear was turned to all, and when the moment arrived, as we have stated above, the several vessels opened fire. The Sl« too gnns and others wrought fearful havoc amongst tbe Forts, while tha Galting guns of the Monarch completely swept the shore. In a few hours the strongest of the defences were silenced—Fort Ras-el din waB seriously damaged, while tbe high tower and almost impregnable Fort Pharos was demolished. And it is pleas ing to rplate that notwithstanding the return fire from the celebrated Forts, the injury to the British amounts to some thing like a half-dozen killed, and twenty or thirty wounded ; proving that our modern war vessels while dealing out death and destruction to the enemy are capable of shielding those on board from injury. The action of France has been most peculiar \n this affair ; and at first was simply unaccountable; but later tele grams reveal the fact that their present feeling was known in some measure to the British Government a month ago; and under these circumstances greater credit is due to Mr Gladstone and his colleagues in deciding to undertake tbe subjugation of the Egyptians, and the grave responsi bilities which the action, involved upon themselves. But i* may be better after nil, that France has kept out of the business. The majority of the Powers j are satisfied that England is not anxious j to interfere with their rights, and conse 1 qucntly some who might not have I cherished tbe same feeling in regard to France will now at least remain neutral. Contemplating the present state of affairs, and tbe interposition of other Powers, one has feelings akin to those which prompted the old Scotch sailor when confronted by an immense Bear, when turning the corner of a heap of ice in tbe northern regions : " Oh, Lord ; if you'll no help me, diana help tbe Bear." If England is left alone with the " Bear," the monster will soon be overcome. She has no need of help, providing that all other Powers attend to their own business. Gband Sacked Ccncebt. - A grand sacred concert will be given in tbe Wallaroo Mines WeBleyan Chapel on Tuesday evening next, in aid of the Organ fund. Eainee's Amsbican Wab.—The above show is drawing immenEe bouses at Kadina, large numbers are compelled to go aw8j eeery Evening not being able to gain ad mittance. The Lat3 Cohcebt at Kadhta.—Mrs Moore requests us to return her most heart felt thanks to all those who kindly assisted or contributed towards the amount which has been handed over to her by the Rev. W. Kennedy, to whom especial thanks are due for having initiated, and carried into effect the concert held for her benefit. Chaeitabib Entertainment—Eadika.— A most euceDBeful entertainment was given in the fCadma Hall on Tuesday evening in aid of Mrs Moor of the Matta. The proceed® amounted to £31 10s. A great amount of credit is due to the generosity of Professor Bice, who, although he had engaged the hall for his own performance, was good enough, not only to give way," but also assisted with his company. A number of other ladies and gentlemen assisted, as also the children from . the fiisiera of St. Joseph's school. CocOAjnjT Items—Oar cortespondent writ ing on July 14th,.1882, says—It has rained every day this week, and last night it came down in torrents, never ceasing till daylight this moaning, giving the ground such a soak ing as it has not had for a long time; and filling almost every tank and dam to the top. The prpspects of a bountiful harvest are still maintained by this splendid weather. As a rule the farmers seem very well satisfied with present appearances ; and, unless unforaeea circumstances transpire; we are bound to have good crops this year. A school is much required in this district. Tbe government promised to build One three years aga; bow ever., I regret to say, up to the present time there is no more signs of one being erected than there was then. Ic is simply disgrace ful to see the way children are bein^ brought up in ignorance. Pbikfotx Methodist Chubch. Wax- j iaboO IfINeb-—The Primitive Methodist, of Wallaroo Mines, like their friends in Eadina, . have determined to improve the comfort and attracHviness of their .church- This will not be done before needed, as for a long time past the place has been sadly out of repair. The 0^ rostrum will now give placa to a .commodious/and. beautiful platform, which will" accommodate the choir as well as the minister, thereby doing away with what has been .facetiously styled. " A performance at both eiids of the cburch." Few porches will be -erected on the inside, and this will have the effect of putting an eud to uncomfortable and dangerous draughts. The windows* will be painted and, frosted, and the walls will be stone coloured and painted. The coat of this undertaking with balance of debt on the new effort is being made to raise the whole amounts by .the time the re-opening is over. The church will be olosed next Sabbath, and the Sabbath fallowing, to be re-opened oil the 30th, of which due notice will be given in the usual way. Pigeox Match—Cliktox.—Oar cor re spondent writes:—A pigeon match took place on Saturday July -8, in a paddock belonging to Mr Kain, kindiv lent for the occasion. It was decided a short time since by a few gentle men that they should hold some sports for. themselves. They agreed on holding a pigeon Match. I am happy to say they proved success ful. There was a large number of spectators ] present, despite the unfavourable weather; ' and the strong wind that swept across the paddock made it some what difficult for shooting matters. Consequently, most of the members being new beginners, the scoring was »ery poor ont of 65 birds the members (about a dozen) managed to kill only five. Taking all things into consideration this scoring is not to be " sneezed at." However, I would advise them to haye a little more practice before they enter into a contest with any other clubs. Hallway Portebs' Suits.—Within the past few weeks (says PwncTt) the Government has rewarded the employes on the Eadina and Wallaroo and Moonta Railway-cum- Tramway with suitB of livery. These gentlemen are now so disguised that they must feel very much like newly-manufactured footmen, or a kind of hybrid between a very proper coach man and a very improper beadle. But the fine- feather vanity the new livery inspired receives the wholesome check of a very con spicuous ill-fit. The circumstance is pardon able, on the ground that the clothes have occupied three years in making (at least the application for them goes back to that remote period), and it is fair to assume that some of the employes may have grown during that period. Something of the sort must have occurred, since to mate sure of a fit they were measured five times « And now after all comes in a miserable mischance of the mea surements getting mixed, so that arms, legs, and all-round measurements have become in terchangeable. It is a melancholy sight to see some of the poor fellows, nicelj dressed as they are, trotting about with sombody else's legs, or driving with some other fellow's arms! Phofjessob Bice at Wallaroo.—Wallaroo has in the past been visited by wizards and others who for the time have created a sensation, but one after another they have been forgotten—their wonderous performances have been proved to be nothing more than could have been performed by anyone of ordinary intelligence should they give up their minds to the study. During the visit of Professor Rice the wonderful miod reader, however, they have witnessed the performance ef a gentleman who is without a doubt endowed with a gift that does not fall to the lot of everyone. The professor performed at Wallaroo on Wednesday and Thursday eyen ings and was assisted by Mrs Bice, who is a pianaste of no mean order ; and Miss Lewis, a young lady whom natare designed for a singer. Hir rendering of " Killarney" was ,worth the price of admission to the front seats. We must also mention her singing of " Within a mile o* Edinboro* Town" and " Coming through the Rye." The duet&, •' Dsnube River" and " Junita," as interpreted by Mrs Rice and Miss Lewis were something to be remembered. The principal feature however is undoubtedly the exhibition of mind reading by Professor Rice which came next. After a few well chosen remarks the professor requested the audience to appoint a committee of six gentlemen. This being done the gentlemen in question were accommodated with seats on the platform. The professor then asked them individually to think of some object in the hall, stipulating, however, that it was not to be on hia own or the person with whom he Was performing the test. They | had to think of the object—its shape and locality. He then took hold of the gentleman's j hand and placed it to his forehead, and after 8 few seemingly nervous twitches led the experimenter to the secreted article. In no single instance was he unsccessful. Where there was any hesitancy it was always proved to be the fault of the experimenter. In on® instance the professor had difficulty in fixing the locality, but he gave the gentlemen the description of the article that he had thought of (a pair of glasses) and it happened that the gentleman had not been aware of the locality of the spectacles when he thought of them. There were other cases where the members of the committee had altered their minds and j after fixing upon one object had chosen another. The professor, however, invariable ' took them to the first object chosen, and then to the Becond. The other parts of his entertain ment, principally exposing the tricks of public mediums and others where loudly applauded. The ghost scene was carried out splendidly. Mr Rice did the handcuff trick—not only getting his hands out of them, but when th» cabinet was opened the " darbies" were found locked within each other, and also clasped round the arm of a chair and the handle of a large jug. The handcuffs had afterwards to be removed by means of the key which was not in the possession of the professor. Other tricks were equally well done, and altogether the company had a warm reception, and they will live long in the memories of those who were present at their entertainment. Encouba<jemest to Pig-Beedsrs.—Ham and bacon-curing establishments on a large scale haying been added to the permanent industries of Mount Oambier. It becomes a necessity that pig-breeding should be con ducted in a more systematic manner, and on a larger scale than hitherto, or pigs will have to be imported regularly to supply local de mands. As an inducement in that direction Dr W. J. Browne, of Moorak, notified to the committee of the Agricultural Society on Saturday last, through, the President, IMtr T. Williams, that he would give £10, £6, and I £4 as special prizes under certain conditions, j which wilL be found in the report of the pro ceedings given elsewhere.;. 0-'he principal of | these conditions is .that pigs, exhibited must be the ioivafide property of the exhibitor at , the time of entry, and that owners of 40 pige I and upwards only can compete. Several lots ' of pigs have during the past few months been ! purchased in the Warrnambpol district to supply our local factories, which, considering the advantages possessed here by farmers for 1 pig-breeding, should not be .the case. The occupation is a profitable one, and it is to "be hoped that farmers will increase their stocks, and ihus qualify themselves to compete for the prizes, offered, and at -tha same time add , to the resou'r'pes and wealth of the district. S. E- Star. * 