Attacks against the grants-in-aid to Corporations and District Councils have of late years been made by mem bers of the legislature. The Govern ment, too, would willingly withhold tha amount annually voted for the above purpose, and a section of the Press is also opposed to the appropria tion of public money for the purposes of making streets in towns -and repair ing district roads. Those who are opposed to the expenditure of a portion of the revenue in this way urge that property should be assessed at a higher value, which would place a heavier tax on the ratepayers. As a rule the ratepayers feel that they have to con tribute quite enough in the shape of rates, and the withdrawal of the grant in-aid would be an injustice to them. It is urged that the grant in the first instance was given with the view of assisting newly-formed local bodies to carry out the duties devolving upon them. Experience has shown that the older Corporations and District Coun cils become the greater need there is for help. With the increase of popu lation traffic is created, and the facili ties for such require additional outlay. Were the Parliament to withdraw the grant-in- aid on. the score of economy it would be found that in reality there was no saving. Some members of the Government regard the grant as an unnecessary drain on the public resources, but it is one thing to make a statement to that effect and another to show satisfactory reasons for its withdrawal. We admit that £60,000 a year is a large sum, but when divided amongst twenty-one Corpora tions and one hundred and ten District Councils it does not seem much. The aid thus given very materially assists the public bodies referred to to improve the roads in the towns and districts. But it may be well to ask if the rate payers are in a better position to pay higher rates now than they were when the districts were newly formed. What is the position of the farmers ? They use the roads largely, and the annual outlay required to keep the latter in repair is increasing ; but will it be said that the farmers with their poor crops should have their property assessed at a higher value in order that they may be more heavily taxed 1 The residents of inland towns are not in a position to submit to increased taxation, for their prosperity or the reverse is regulated to a great extent by the agricultural interest. Not only is there the ordi nary rates in corporate towns, but a health rate is levied, and it is required if the towns are to be kept in anything like a fair sanitary state. We believe that the sum annually voted to Corporations and District Councils is expended legitimately, for should not the district roads be main tained partly at least by the public funds when the main, roads are wholly kept by the public purse ? Complaints have been made of property being assessed greatly under its value. With regard to Adelaide there may be some slight grounds for such complaints, but they do not apply to the provincial towns, nor to District Councils. Were the gran.t-in.-aid withheld from inland towns it would be impossible for the Municipal bodies to drain and make streets and keep the towns in a good sanitary state. The result would be an increased death rate and a spread of contagious diseases, which would cost the State a great deal more than the grant-in-aid. To refuse the cus tomary assistance would be to adopt a penny-wise and pound-foolish policy — a policy the electors of country con stituencies would rightly protest against. Many of the district roads are in a shocking state of disrepair, and the farmers are not in a position to pay double rates, and they would be required to pay more than that if no Government assistance was given. We have reason to believe that an attempt will be made on the reassembling of Parliament to do away with the grant in-aid, but it is to be hoped the country members will not be biassed by the Government in its endeavor to with draw the annual grant to Corporations and District Councils. Its withdrawal would tend to retard the progress of the colony by placing a heavier burden on the farmers. There is now a prospect of having a tolerably good road between Sevenhills and Mintaro. The hitter place has been almost cut off from Clare and the townships to the west iu consequence of the hilly nature of the country to be traversed, and the traffic on that load has been necessarily limited* Tenders are now out for making a section of the road at Trilling's Gap, and as the work will be done under the direction of Mr. Duffy it will be done well. It is under stood that the road in Question will shortlv b8 placed on the schedule of main lines, when it will be made as easy for traffic as the hilly nature of the country will permit. When placed in good repair the road will be largely used, as it will be convenient for many people who wish to travel by the Northern Railway to go by way of Mintaro. It will also be of great service to the builders in the district in getting flagging from the Mintaro- quarry. Not unf requently inferior flagging is used in buildings owing to the bad state of the road preventing stone being obtained from Mintaro. It is to be hoped, for the convenience of the public, that the roadwork will be pushed on with all possible dispatch. Many of the farmers between Sevenhills and Mintaro have good gardens, and when the road id made they will have a good market for their fruit at the Clare Preserving Company's works. ' Woman's Work in the Church.' — On Tuesday evening Mrs. Baeyertz con ducted service in the Weslejan Church, Clare, and the congregation, as on former occasions, was very large. She stated at the outset that she had received two anony mous letters requesting her to explain a verse of Scripture referring to women keep ing silence in the churches. She considered it a mean and cowardly thing for gentlemen to write to her in the manner they had without giving their names. It was unfair to her, she said, for it was not to be ex pected that she could take notice of such letters. She would, however, give a brief explanation of the passage referred to for the sake of those who had been benefited by her teaching. One letter was very long, and she would put it aside. The other was short, and the writer asked her to explain ii« Corinthians, xiv., 34. The gentleman had made a mistake, for he evidently meant i. Cor., xiv., 34 — 'Let your women keep silence in the churches, for it is not per mitted unto them to speak ; but they are commanded to be under obedience, as also saith the law.' Mrs. Baeyertz prefaced her remarks by saying that when she was at a certain place in Victoria a number of per sons embraced the truth. There were some men at that place who were too lazy to preach themselves, but they went about finding fault with those who did. The per sons she referred to went to the converts and tried to persuade them that they were wrong; and it seemed to her that there were a few of that class in Clare. What was the church ? They would see if they turned to Acts xx., 28—' Take heed there fore unto yonrselves, and to all the flock over which the Holy Ghost hath made you overseers, to feed the church of God, which he hath purchased with his own blood.' It was clear that only such as were saved belonged to the church. They were assembled that evening in the Wesleyan Church, a building of stone and mortar, and there were other church buildings in the town, but those structures were not ' the church' as signified in Scripture. Some, however, had got the idea in their heads that the building was the church, but they made a great mistake. She never spoke in the church — in an assembly of the saved. She spoke to those of the world. Part- of the congregation who then heard her be longed to the church, but there many un converted, and her efforts were to bring them to Christ. She belonged to a body known as the ' Plymouth Brethren,' and they had meetings which were composed of saved persons, and she would never think of preaching there, but would gkdly sit at the feet of the humblest member and learn. She felt that she had clear light on the sub ject, and was satisfied that her preaching was not out of harmony with the teachings of the Bible. Accidekt with Firearms. — A sad ac cident happened to Mr. Chas. Dicker the other day while shooting in Wirrabara Forest. He fired at a wallaby, and the gun burst, blowing oS two of his fingers. Al though his hand was shattered and bleeding profusely he walked over a mile to his trap, and a friend drove him to Laura. Dr. Hamilton amputated two of Ms fingers, and Dicker is getting on as well as can be ex pected. A Nuisance. — A ratepayer informs us that there was a flow of putrid matter in the watertable just to the south of the cul vert which connects Main street and Far rell's Flat road shortly after 9 o'clock on Tuesday evening last. He states that the flow of impure liquid proceeded from a lane at the adjoining buildings, and that a boy was sweeping the filth along- the watertable to the culvert, where it lodged. Our in formant, who resides in that neighborhood, saye the stench was so offensive that he could not with comfort stay in his room. If the sanitary regulations are thus violated disease will be propagated. Results of School Visitor's Inspec tion. — The Clare School Board of Advice has for some considerable time been active and painstaking in the discharge of its duties, and merits the thanks of all who are interested in the education of the young. The Board, believing that the education of a number of children was neglected, asked the Inspector-General of Schools to send a School Visitor to take a census of the dis trict. In compliance with this request Mr. Knight was sent to ClaTe. He visited all the houses within a radius of two and a half miles of the town, and the result of his scheduling is as follows : — No. of houses, 399 ; families, 382 ; children, 5 and under 7 years, 100 ; 7 and under 13 years, 265. Attending public school only — 5 and under 7 years, 9; 7 and under 13 years, 116. Private schools— 7 and under 13 years, 88. Exempt — 7 and under 13 years, 5 ; requir ing compulsion, 46; notices served, 47. The attendance at the public school has in creased since the visitor was here; the number at the Clare Public School on the 7th inst. was 150. Parents on whom notices have been served should, if they have any explanation to offer, wait on the Chairman of the Board (Mr. Rix) before the end of this month. Large Fruit. — Mr. Hayman, farmer of White Hut, brought our office the other day an apple which weighed 20 ozs — a good size considering the dryness of the summer. Road-Board Nominations. — We are informed that the Jamestown Corporation has nominated Mr. John Cook and Dr. Gockburn as members for the North Mid land Road Board for the coming election. It is believed that the Belalie District Council will do the same. The former body has sent in a petition to the Govern ment asking that only two members of the new Board should be nominees. A Spill, — On Tuesday last a young man named Hughes was thrown from his horse in front of Mr. Rixs shop, Main street, Clare. The animal commenced bucking, and did not cease until it got rid of rider, bridle, and saddle. Hughes was badly shaken, but did not sustain serious injury. Received. — A copy of the second num of the Colonial Printers' Art Journal is be fore us. The get-up is excellent, and we con gratulate the publishers in presenting a first class journal to the public. We hope it will be appreciated as it deserves to be, and that it will hold an important place in colo nial literature. Cricket. — The match between the All England Eleven and the Australian Eleven was concluded on the Sydney Oval on Tues day, the colonials scoring a victory. The Australians in their first innings made a total of 262, McDonnell contributing 147 and Bannerman 70, while the others failed to reach double figures. The Englishmen put together 188 in their first innings and 134 in their second, the principal scorers being Shrewsbury, Ulyett, and Pilling. The Australians in their second innings won the match with four wickets down for 64\. Giffen, the South Australian, was rather unlucky, as he only placed two to bis credit in the first innings, and his services were not required in the second. Murdoch, the colonial champion, did not make much show with the bat, his scores being 6 and 4. Concert. — The report of the entertain ment given at Mintaro on Wednesday even ing will appear in our next. RECErrED. — A pamphlet, by Judkins, on ' Despotism, as shown in Political and Re ligious Conservatism.' Business at Watervale. — A gentle man, formerly a resident of Watervale, and who again visited it the other day, says that the place is likely to go ahead. For a number of years very little progress has been made, but since the mill has changed hands a growing trade is noticeable. There is also a slight increase of population, and it is believed that the township will now make considerable headway. The- Weather. — The prevalence of dry warm weather is becoming a serious thing. There is a general scarcity of water, and in some parts stock are dying of thirst. The days are oppressively hot, and at night the air is stifling with smoke, as the farmers are now engaged in stubble- burning. . Large Bunch of Grapes. — A bunch of grapes weighing 4 lbs was brought to our office on Thursday. The cluster waa grown in the Inchiquin garden. Distressed Farmers. — We understand it is not the intention of the S.A. Farmers' Association to make a free gift of seed wheat to the distressed farmers, but merely to lend it to them — the value to be re funded when the recipients are in a position to do so. The association will thus have a reserve fund to meet cases of future distress. Cable News. — London telegrams in the Adelaide dailies stated that copper is quoted at £68 per ton. Adelaide flour is worth 38s per 280 lb. At the wool sales on March 6 10,000 bales were offered, the bidding being very animated. — The perpetrators of the robbery at th9 Hatton Garden Post office were arrested on March 6 at Brussels. It is believed that no doubt exists as to their identity. — Mr. Bradlaugh presented himself at the table of the House of Com mons, after his recent election for Northamp ton, for the purpose of taking the oath. Sir Stafford Northcote at once rose and pro posed a motion refusing permission to Mr. Bradlaugh to be sworn. An amendment was moved on behalf of the Liberal party in favor of modifying the existing statute (which requires members to take an oath), with the object of rendering it optional for them to make an affirmation. A debate ensued, and the House divided, the result being that the Liberal amendment was lost by a narrow majority. Sir Stafford North cote's motion was then put and adopted. — A number of special war correspondents who were sent as representatives of leading European and American newspapers to Bosnia and Herzegovinia, now in a state of rebellion against the attempted enforcement of the Austro-Hungarian system of military conscription, have been arrested in Bosnia at the instance of the military authorities, who are extremely undesirious that their operations and conduct should be made public. — Prince Milan has been formally proclaimed King of Servia with much cere mony and rejoicing throughout the king dom. The Anglican Synod. — A special meet ing of Synod was held on Tuesday last to consider what steps should be taken to fill the vacancy in the See. There was a difference of opinion as to whether the Synod, should elect a bishop, or whether they should delegate the appointment to the Archbishop of Canterbury. A long discus cussion was provoked. The President (Dean Russell) and several of the clergy were strongly in favor of the Synod making the appointment. There 'were 19 clergy men for and 15 against the proposal. The whole of the laymen were opposed to their election of a bishop. It was therefore de cided to ask the Archbishop of Canterbury iu conjunction with the Bishops of Win chester, Durham, Bedford, and Truro to appoint a bishop to the See of Adelaide. 