IF the Victorian community as a whole does not view what took place in the Legislative Assembly on Tuesday afternoon and evening with scorn and contempt, then has it lost that keen respect for straightforward and manly conduct which has always, and justly so too, been regarded as the leading-, or primary, characteristic of all honest and tiue-hearted Britons. Of all the miserable exhibitions and shams that ever arose in the Parliament of this colony, the one on Tuesday afternoon and night was the meanest and most ludicrous; and how any thing so ineffably contemptible could have occurred amongst any body of the English-speaking race defies all reasonable comprehension. "Eating the leek," on the Ministerial-eujn-Conservative side, was the order of the debate; and there was no amount of dirt which these cormorants, when on that kind of food, were not ready to grasp at with delight, and just- as cheerfully to swallow. It matters not, when taking a view of Tuesday's proceedings, what can be said for or against the Speaker's ruling. That ruling is shown to have been unsound l>y some of the best constitutional authorities in the House; and it would never in all probability have been heard of but for the "power behind the throne" which looks after the Premier's political safety with a pertinacity and solicitudc which no other party, or combination, can approach—much less equal. That the ruling was wrong is quite clear, since it is entirely oat of joint with a fair reading of the English textbooks, and also with the practices for years past of the Assembly itself; and that a great deal has been goia behind the scenes since Thursday night, to cause such an extraordinary ruling to be laid before the House, is equally certain. But, as we have said, the ruling of jthe Speaker may be dis missed with the indifference it deserves, because if this ridiculous quibble had not been unearthed to save the -Ministry, some other game would have been played to the same end; and it is a matter of little moment, therefore, what particular scheme happens to have been utilised for the purpose. But what docs matter to the country is that representative men should play fast and loose with great principles, for mere personal or party ends, and that both the House and the country should be trifled with in this way by a few backdoor intriguers, whose zeal is in- proportion to the secrecy with which they condnct their manreuvres. This is where the shoe pinches. This is where the contemptible nature of Tuesday's proceedings presents itself—so contemptible, indeed, that any man who has had to come into the open to put the finishing touches to these backdoor schemes, ought to be ashamed from this out to come face to face with the country or his brother members. First, we have Mr FRANCIS tabling a motion which he knew to be one of no-confidence, but trying to surround it, then and subsequently, with that politeness which is always employed when the blow comes from what has hitherto been regarded as a friendly quarter. Then we have the Premier, and very properly so, too, accepting the motion as one of no-confidence, and moving the adjournment of the House so that it can be dealt with in that spirit. Then we have negotiations going on quietly to form a combination among all the best men in the House to take the place of the Government, which was already bang regarded as defeated and out of o&ce.; Then we have MR FRANCIS declaring that he won't bodge an inch. His motion shall be dealt with as designed and formulated. The proposed remissions shall not be dealt with by the Government and the House in detail, but in globo; and he will not allow the House to go into committee lest, once there, the Government may get the best of the T question, and lie be'defeated. Then a we have Mr FRANCIS, as Sir CHARLES b MACMAHON showed he had done as t late down as Tuesday evening, canvaashis a s motion as one of a no-confidence a description. Meanwhile, Sir BRYAN f refuses to give way, and will see the t thing out, irrespective altogether of a what may be the consequences to himself and his colleagues. Nothing could ,be more definite than the positions of the two belligerents thuB far; and nothing could be more respectable, honest and manly. Bat look at the sequel, which for aught anyone knows to the contrary, was, perhaps, known and arranged all the tame there was such a bold and fightable front presented. A con venient ruling- springs up, a ruling dbown to be utterly unsound by several speakers who knew what they were talking about, and down comes •he -flags—both the combabmta - rorrender to each other ; and the . only, wepder is they did nqt embrace in tho presence of the whole House, to mike i» {ii|lure of. rectored amity die impressive mid • touching. Sir t WSl vowibSIdw ths J&nrse; todo hatitlikei with jas pApoi^ jremuions without taking the least offisnce; nd Mr Francis withdraws hk attack pcmtbe GoverameaVwiHild not for the world do anything to injure it, and blesses and forgives it for ail the agcmy its previous decision had caused him. Yet up to that moment he declared he would not give way; aiid he coold have easily carried his point by slightly altering his motion, or fadrwig & vote of the House to override and bring to nanelit- the SpeakeHs ruling. Some very pitiful things have occured in our political career; but this episode is the most pitiful of them all. Both Sir BRYAN and Mr FRANCIS have " eaten the leek," outdone BOB ACRES " eaving in " the moment the sticking point came round; and the records of our Parliament will be searched in vain to find anything to equal this incident for " blow " to start with, and for downright abject cowardice and surrender to finish the disturbance. The result, of course, does not take us by surprise. We pointed out the other day that some means would be fonnd by the friends of the Government to get it out of its difficulty, and, therefore, we are not in the least taken aback by what Tuesday's proceedings brought forth. But the country i&ust; be disgusted by such a lame and miserable end to so much " bounce," both by Sir BRYAN and Mr FRANCIS, or as we remark at the outset, all respect for those high qualities which the British usually display must have departed frt>m this side of the equator. What the end of this wretched and yet funny piece of business will be, we don't intend to predict It may be that the remissions will be secured after all, by the Opposition helping the Ministry against the Conservatives, or they may be prevented by the ministry eating still more dirt to placate their Conservative supporters. But this much is certain. The business of the country will not be advanced one jot by the respite which the "muffs" on the Ministerial benches, as Sir CHARLES MACMAHOS very fitly describes them, have managed to obtain. Mr FBANCIS has offended some of his best colleagues in the Honse by the course he has pursued; while the Opposition, under Mr BERRY, has been considerably solidified since the rumpus began. Stagnation, will, therefore, be the order of the day with the Ministry, because it -is quite impossible, with the state the House has got into now, that the Government will be able to get on with the work of the country. The humiliation, therefore, which the Ministry and its Conservative supporters have to endure, will be productive of no useful result. It will simply make that side of the House still more feeble than it was before; and a feeble Ministry with a feeble and disintegrated following,is utterlypowerless for progress or labor.' It may hold place and play for a shorter or longer time. Bat that can be the only sequel to the dirt it has consumed, and to the scorn which ithaB so justly excited. IN last week's Sydney Mail is a comic picture entitled "How the Modern Satyr wins his Bride." Tbe artist or the printer blundered, for the "satyr" is a centaur, and is represented carrying off on his fore-arms a young girl in a swoon, her parents sniggering over a bag of money which they have just received from the brast. This is the foreground, and the back-ground is an old shanty on which is the device " I>unhing-down Hotel." Is it necessary to add that the centaur has the face of a hideously ngly and bestial Chinese, and that the pictorial allegory goes to represent one of the newest and most horrible phases of Caucasian degradation, that of so-called Christian parents of European ' origin selling their daughters for money to Chinese parchasers ! This infamous and unnatural traffic — unnatural, that is, Christian and civilised atmosphere— is often slobbered over with some kind of marriage ceremony, to add to it one element the more of practical infidel mockery of the things Christians hold most sacred and dear. It is no answer to the indignant condemnation which every decent- man at once pronounces upon such a traffic to-day, that British and other Christian parents sell their daughters for money in the perpetually open marriage market of Europe. The instances are not on all fours. Besides, even if the analogy supposititiously set up held at all points, it would not affect the issue. Oa the old principle that two blacks do not make a white, we should be bound to cry out against the Chinese evil all the same. But everybody knows, and, knowing, shudders with unspeakable horror at the cruel wrongs which the degraded and unnatural parents inflict upon thrdr own offspring, and upon society, when a young girl is given over to be the wife, or worse, of a Chinese. Presumably the girl is under duress, for she is almost invariably under age when the horrible bargain is made; possibly she is also innocent and pure—as innocent and pure as girls can be whom fate has placed in such revolting conditions of existence, and It intensifies onr disgust when we think of such a girl bang handed over to the filthy satyrs who buy them from their worse than beastly parents. . Beasts cannot commit sins like these, and the only people more detestable than the libidinous heathen Chinese who buy are the infamous and heartless parents who sell their own flesh and. blood. he matter is one that presses upon us ll in these colonies, and there ought to e instant action taken ly the legislaure of each colony for die purpose of rresting the growth of this monstrous ocial cjime. The unpreventable moral nd physical evils which will result rom Chinese and European "unions of he lower scot will be bad enough in ll conscience, but these worst of all are, at least in one .of their phases, • preventable by law, and must be prevented. We may not be able to-stop all the iniquity, of tibia relatively sew social horror, but we are' bound to do what We can, and the work is one that lies it (lie door of every one of our Australian Legislatures. It must be made* felony for any clergyman -or registrar to perform tin ceremony of jmaraage between a Chinese and a Oaarimin girl under pge' onkss in the presence of the giri'e parents «r guardians, and with, tbe consent of both. Such a regulation would, at any ratc^ help to protect the girt j6s»a heing sacrificed onder duresg, and especially *» if the law also made It # felony tak titny person, |Mm»t or gumz4ian,to place thegiri under durefi for the purpose irf^farcuig her to a f CMnese marria^br^n^Veiiiraejr or other-valuable consideratiim from No doubt ibete wbuld difficulty in grappling wiH tite etfl, and still mora in grappling with ths companion horror of concubinage, but difficulty must not deter as from handling the business in the most effective way practicable. We dare not stand idly by and see our own flesh and blood brutalised and degraded both physically and morally without making some effort to stop the process. Are we to say ""tiling whilst European parents of nominally Christian faith sell their tender daughters to opium-smoking, leprosy-tainted pagans, and so help to poison both body and soul of their offspring! And not their own offspring only, but those who may come of this unhallowed connection, brought about either by base lust of gold or by a combination of pagan lust and of " Christian " degradation, begotten in idleness and grown reckless drunkenness and other unmentionable iniquities. But all our legal remedies will be of small avail without the help of public opinion and Christian teaching of a practical sort, to make such horrible dealings as those we have mentioned be felt as a crime and shame, as well as a humiliation and a disgrace. For Christian men and women — we UEe the conventional phrase—of European birth Dr extraction, to seek connection with a lower race, is bad enough; but for parents to seek to coerce their daughters to such unions for the sake of money in hand given and received, so barbarous and brutal a thing that no fair means must be left untried to arrest the development of so infamous a crime against our social well-beipg. To stop it, the entire exclusion of the alien race from our shores would be justifiable, if no other way be attainable in arrest of so great a social danger as that of the pollution of our young girls by a pagan race, abetted by the worse than pagan parents of the miserable victims of the double conspiracy of lust and avarice. It is to be hoped that the matter will be taken in hand by the authorities, with a view to such legislative measures of a preventive character as may be deemed most practicable in the circumstances. The ghostly doings at the Victoria United Company have drawn crowdw of men, women, and children to the claim every night this week, about the time when "churchyards yawn, and graves give up their dead." All were animated by a desire to see a ghost, but were doomed to disappointment, for the ghost did not walk. Some of the watchers were armed with missiles for presentation to the embodied spirit, and one enthusiastic ghost-hunter, with more gush than sense, had provided himself with a firearm for the purpose of resting the perturbed spirit. Last night there was a crowd, as usual, at the claim, and the shot-gun was banged off with great ceremonial, but the ghost, which is variously estimated to be like different things, and from 13 to 31 feet high, and so forth, did not perambulate. The scare, however, having become so thorough among some people, and dreading the danger of thoughtless youths executing reprehensible practical jokes under cover of the ghostly visitation, the "only original ghost" desires the whole secret exploded, and the mystery dissipated. He desires us to state—Firstly, that he is in, and hopes long to be of, the flesh; secondly, that he intended, when starting the fun, to let some men see how easily gulled they were; and, thirdly, that he does not intend to do it again, so that any fresh manifestation will be the work of an unauthorised ghost, and an unwarrantable liberty. He did not use phosphorus or goggles. His only art was that of disguising his voice, and his only assistant was that peculiar twist in some men's minds which makes them look for the supernatural in any circumstance they cannot immediately understand. He works at the mine, and when the credulous of his mates are about, by an alteration of the tones of his voice, and slinging a stone now and then against a building, or anything that will make a sound, does the ghost trick. It is difficult, perhaps, to conceive of intelligent men being so easily imposed upon, but as he used to join in the hunt for the ghost, and surreptitiously heighten the mystery as he went along, he succeeded in making the ghost a very wonderful creation. This thing has been going for years, but latterly has greatly exercised the minds of the superstitious in the neighborhood, with the result that an amusing joke, unless a stop is put to the way in which some people have taken it up, will deepen into a troublesome affair. The ghost intimates that if the pranks played by others who visit the claim be not stopped, he will explain every mysterious incident to the believers is the supernatural, and expose the authors of the ridiculous games played of late in the name of the Victoria United Company's ghost. An old man, named William Gibb, a ropemaker, died rather suddenly yesterday morn- ing, in his room at Hart's boardinghouse, Grant street. The deceased had been ill from dysentery for a week, but did not secure medical attendance, though he was able to pay for it. On Tuesday night he complained of being ill, and was heard to groan in the middle of the night. In the morning be was found lying dead in his room, dressed. Mr Thomson, coroner, saw the body, and did not think an enquiry neces sary. The deceased was sixty-three years of age, and had a brother in Geelong, who came to Ballarat yesterday. ' The western sky being anoheccred dooda last evening a clear view was obtained of the comet, at about six o'clock. Its brilliancy, however, appears to be decreasing, and the nebula is scarcely so distinct as it was a few evenings since. Yesterday morning we received a telegram from oar Melbourne correspondent; announcing tbe death of Judge Billing, and copies of the telegram were at once pasted in front of this office, and at the Corner. It will now be seen by a paragraph which appears elsewhere that the announcement of the judge's death was based npon a false report. Tbe judge was still alive last night, bat he was in so precarious a state that the doctors had little hope he would survive till Thursday A few weeks once a couple of travelling quacks were brought before the Melbourne police coart for obtaining money on false pretenccs, by professing to core nearly ell tbe ills to which human flesh is heir, and not only deceiving their victims by sham taedicine, bat earing them of their cash as well. The "practice" of this Worthy .pair was to make a bocse-to-honse can vast, the "assistant^ going jiefove and leaving the card of the "piofeamv^-a- man of gentlemanly address, who weald probably .call next dav, and, in the* event "bf. Bpauij^ a- jatien*, write out his yuwrnita^, and provide the medicine himself. jQjf course, the resnlt to Hie patient was that' he or she derived no -benefit whatever from the piedishaaed, and the promised cure was [y blighted. It would appear that p c w n G a .rat is now bring vim ted by,a coaplc of these " practitioners." who are pursuing an exactly similar course here to that trbich we have described, and one instance has come under our notice, in which a yonog man suffering from deafness paid lis fid far medicine, which It was stated was a remedy far fan complaint, the " professor" promising to call again to complete his treatment. The "medicine,** however, haa been faond to be s.vntUea concoction, and has given »o rriief to the cufjfem^ while "tbe "medicine man" has not repeated bis vilit, and it win lie we5 for him if he does - not It is to be hoped that other sufferers will be on their guard against the goackeiy of the " profMSpr" and his assistant s The Jewish Synagogue'sraa crowded yeatsriUf, principally with members of the fair •ex, on the occasion of the marriage ofilliaa Fiora Stmmxls, daughter of Mr Sransmb,: a rtsprttrd tradearoaa inMainstreet, to Mr AMaa Fried wan, draper, ti Honbam. The ceremony wa» performed by the Rer. I. SLCoMreieh. wbo «nttod the bride aad bride- DM U the boty Imida of matrimony.-in' \- -« rriage aervice. . _ ly aresaed io wdfc, IwMOTWmriy. trimmed with » - jais, :*ad --t>ordero3' with orange hridrnmaids, who prettily dressed.. O C t l o viz., Misses Simmonds (2|, Mist Lewis, Kiss | Abramowitch, Min. Friedman (Geelong), j and Uin Davidson. The two little Misses , Jonas, neatly dressed, acted as flower-girls, ! and strewed the path of the bride to and I from the altar with flowers. Intheevening the wedding dinner was partaken of at the Alfred Hall assembly room, and a social dance finished up tiie proceed iegs. The newly-married pair left last night on their honeymoon trip. A lad named John Kitchen, employed at Messrs Kelly and Preston's factory, had three of the fingers of one hand severely cut yesterday in accidental contact with a circular saw at the factoiy. He was taken to the Hospital, where his hand was dressed, and he then went to his home. A boy named George Lindsay, employed at Mr J. Long's factory, was taken to tbe Hospital for treatment of some injuries he enstained through being knocked down by a wheel of a cart. After being prescribed "for he went to his home. A correspondent complains that a woman is travelling round the city and town selling copies of " Moca Marie's" work entitled '"Casket of Gems," and representing herself as the anthoress of the poems. The traffic eeems to be a profitable one, as she is selling the work at 5s a copy, and getting off a good few of the books at this rate. The published price is only & Gd. A case, Shacklock and others v Stibbs and others, an application to have a certain piece' of land situated at Magpie, on the \Vhite Horse Ranges, in possession of the defendants, declared forfeited on the ground that they had not done any work on it for fourteen days, occupied the hearing' of Mr Warden Thomson yesterday at the Warden's Coart. Evidence ha vine been tendered, Mr Thomson made an order for the forfeiture of tbe land in dispute. Godfrey Talent, aged thirty years, and a resident of Dean, was admitted into the Hospital about midnight on Tuesday, snffering from tbe fracture of his left leg. Talent enstained the in jury in slipping off the kerbstone to the gutter, when traversing the Main street. Colonels Hatton and Rede and Captain Boll inspected the Ballarat Volunteers last evening, at the Orderly-room, There was a good attendance, including the Creswick and Clunes contingent. The battalion wa3 subsequently pat through some manoeuvres, in Start street, which, considering the state of the ground, were satisfactorily executed. A meeting of the friends of Mr John W. Rail, of the National Insurance Company, was held at Craig's hotel last night; Mr Thomas Taylor in the chair. Many hearty sentiments of goodwill towards Mr Rail were expressed, as well as regret at his leaving Ballarat. A committee was farmed to receive subscriptions and decide npon some acceptable form of presentation to Mr Rail. Mr H. O. Harvey was appointed boa. secretary of the movement. In connection with the Champion Sheep Show of ISS2, under the-auspices of the Ballarat Agricultural and -Pastoral Society, a special prize of twenty-five pounds, sterling (the winner to choose a piece of plate.of that value), the gift of Messrs Thomas Russell and Co., Baranah Plains, Hesse, is offered for competition to tbe exhibitor and winner of the greatest number of first prizes for grassfed merino sheep; ia sections 4 and 5 for rams, and sections 10 and 11 for ewes, at the show, which will take (dace on the 14th and 15th of September. Each competitor must exhibit in each of the abovenamed sections. Mr Elsdon's report on the Jolimont accident has been published. Mr Elsdon thinks the accident arose from unforeseen causes, bat thinks the tire of the wheel which caused the mishap should have been renewed. A lecture on " PresidentGarfield, from the log cabin to the White House," was delivered by the Rev. J. W. Inglis- at the Temperance Hall, Buninyong, on Tuesday evening, in aid of the boildtng fond of the Bnninyong Presbyterian Church. The Rev. T. Hartie was in the chair, and there were about ISO persons present. Mr Inglis, in his remarks, said that Longfellow's " Psalm of Life "— Lives of gr-at men all remind us— could not be better used to the life of anyone than to apply it to the came of Garfield, all through the lecture showed the greatness of Garfield's character as a scholar, soldier, and statesman—the one thing always being that of doing right. A vote of thanks to the lecturer was proposed by Mr A. Berrie and seconded by Mr R. Graham, and carried. The Sunday school choir gave some appropriate hymns daring the evening. The Land Credit Back of Australasia, limited, advertises, in another column, a further issue of 1*2,500 shares of £5 each. This step is consequent upon the increase that has taken place in tbe bank's business. The share-list will be closed oa the 30th instant. Mr William Little is broker for the bank. A drawing of prizes on the art-union principle, in aid of tbe Catholic schools in the Soiythesdale district, took place pa Monday evening, at seven o'clock, in the Roman Catholic school, Springdallah. It was expected that tbe-drawing would come off on the 31st May, but some blocks of tickets not being returned it was necessarily postponed to the 19th instant. There was a large attendance, and many appeared to be interested as to the resnlt ot the drawing, each anxious to win the first prize. Father 0>rcoran's buggy. Councillor Tounghusband presided, andMr B. J. Kennedy, of Linton, acted as secretary. The drawing then commenced. Tickets, equal in siz% numbered from one to 300, were pnt into a box, and a similar number, four being prize tickets, in another bcx. Two children baring mixed the tickets, drew them in the usual manner, with the following result:—No. 212, Father Corcoran's buggy ; 2S0, the nugget; 196, the silver tray; and 217, Moore's 4 * Melodies*' and music. Father Corcoran in a few appropriate words, thanked the president and secretary, and the compliments being courteously responded to by Mr Yaaagbusband and Mr Kennedy, the proceedings of the evening dosed. A work-basket gathering was held in St Paul's parsonage, on Tuesday afternoon, and •boat sixteen ladies were engaged for some time in making articles for sale in aid of the renovation fund of St Paul's Church, Ballarat East At a meeting of the stib-c6mmittee Of the Ballarat and District Mutual Improvement Associations' Union, held last evening at Bruno's orchestral hall, Doveton Btreet, it was decided to hold an entertainment in aid of the funds of the executive in tbe Academy of Music in August next The entertainment wilt be of a high-class literary and musical character. A splendid opening cborna of voices, chosen frojn the different societies, will be given; also a scene from " Pickwick." The best available talent has been secured, and fall particulars will be daly advertised. The Tweed Wool CompSny's shares, we are informed, are going off briskly. The list will be dosed on or before Saturday week. Prospectus can be seen in another column. The receipts Oa the Victorian Railways for the week ending 15th December were £27,797 IDs 3d. The amount received in the corresonding week of 1681 was £25,827 9s Sd. -The issue of retain tickets at Friday exursion fares will be continued on the railays, on and. after 1st July, till further otice. Mill brook tiding on the BsJlarat to ordon line.. wiH be closed for traffic au aid fter -tie 1st of July. The annual meeting of tbe Church of England Sunday School Association, to be held in Christ Church schoolroom to- morrow (Friday) evening, should prove specially Cttracti ve to tiie teachers in the various schools and to the scholars and thfir parents. The fonner will have an opportunity of goaging in some degree the success of their endeavors to impart scriptural instruction to the yonng, while thelatter will learn what rewards for diligent study have been obtained by themselves Or by members of their respective families, inasmuch as the results of the late examination will be made public, and the prises given to the successful competitors who may be able to attend. TheBcv. Dr Brwnby. who was one of ths examiners, has kindly- consented to corse from MdboDroe to distribote the prizes, and wi& no doubt have Sunetlmig f interest to say concerning the papers for-, warded for tris inspection. ToaiM to the attraction of th>> evening, theebflirof Cbmt Siurch will render aome pleaaiug selection^ i mnric; snd, *s the room ia net a very one, we expect to aaaitaseating capan- To-night the lbubgse-tbnn pen company win reproduce * favorite «p«ca "Marita ~ fcwwwlflh performed morrow ught, the ;M«r wm tw fci^ foc thfl .!. .. mi, .vudkaon mx Saturday night Fiotow's " Martha." A suggestion ba« been made that a benefit should he tendered Mia Aunia Montague before she leaves this city, This suggestion, we are sore, win bt favorably received by all who have heard the gifted prima donna. There is little dvsbt 1 that if the management devoted ' ' ' either of the few remaining nights of the season to a benefit for tbe fair cantatrioe that tli£ Academy of Music would be crowded. No vocalist that ever appeared here has been more universally admired than Miss Montague, and it wosld be a matter of regret if she left Ballarat without some substantial token of the high estimation in which she is held by all who have had tbe good fortune to bear her in opera. An interesting consignment, intended for the London market, to be despatched by the steamship Liguria, is at present (says the Argut) on view at the stores of Messrs Dalg£ty, Blackwood, and Co., of this city. It consists of 56ib of ostrich feathers, taken bom the lords imported by the Zoological and Acclimatisation Society, which, with their progeny, amounting to a hundred individuals, young and old, are kept on Messrs Officer's station, Murray Downs, Swan HilL The feathers are of various shades and sizes, and the entire parcel is valued at £350. It appears (says the Telegraph) from reports which have reached the Department of Mines, that the diamonds recently received from tbe Cape of Good Hope for tbe drills in use in the colony are not eqnal to what was expected, as they fracture under very little pressure. Some anxiety (says the Er~mng Mail) has been felt respecting the safety of the s.s. Tamar, which left Hobart last Wednesday afternoon for Melbourne, and has not yet arrived. A caucus of independent Liberals (ftysthe Age) was held on Tuesday afternoon in the Assembly. Invitations had been issued for twenty-five members, of whom the following were present at tbe caucus:—Messrs O'Callaghan, Toohey, Hunt; Fisher, Woods, Longmore, A. T. Clark, and Mason, tbe convener. The meeting was called for the purpose of discussing the prospect of a coalition, and their attitude towards the Government. No definite decision was arrived at, bat it was agreed that the formation of a coalition Government should be opposed. A telegram in the Argun says that two of the released Dish suspects have arrived in Sydney. Two men {says the Age) working in an alluvial claim at Lower Temora have been severely injured by the fall of 2 tons of earth. The recent heavy raiua have rendered the underground woxkxngB very dangerous. The first annual meeting of tbe Sydney Young Women's Christian Association (the Argus says) was held on Tuesday night. The committee's report showed that the association had been a signal succesa, and that its affaire were now in a flourishing condition. A "convention" of master grocers and wine and spirit merchants will be held at Thompson's Royal hotel pn Friday next, at eight o'clock p-m., to discuss a resolution passed by employes (ritie circular), and other matters of importance to the trade. Gentlemen who cannot conveniently attend are requested to state their opinions ia writing to the chairman of the meeting. A share in the Parade Tribute Company, numbered 9, having been taken from the office without authority, the public are cautioned.'by advertisement elsewhere, from dealing with it. The annual meeting of subscribers of the City of BiUarat Free Libraiy aad Reading Rooms will be held in the library this evening, at eight o'clock, to receive annual re- port, adopt balance-sheet, and elect committee for ensning year, and transact general A.meeting of the Hon. J. B. Humffray's friends will take place this evening at tight o'clock, at the George hob*!, to devise some means for practically sympathising with him in his present illness. The bazaar in aid of St Margaret's Church of England, Wallace town, will be opened today at two o'clock, at Dibdiu's Music halt, AUandale,. and be continued until the end of the week. The usual social tea meeting of the Ballarat Young Men's Christian Association will take place this evening, and all members are requested to attend. A meeting of building contractors is convened for this evening at eight o'clock, at tbe Buck's Head hotel. The Excelsior Tent," I.O R, will hold its quarterly meeting this evening. Gentlemen disposed to join in the formation of a field club and science society in connection with the School of Mines sre invited to meet at the school on Friday next, at eight o'clock p.m. A social gathering will be held in the Btllarat Fire Brigade Hall this evening, when the prizes won at the recent demonstration will be presented to the members of the winning teams. The meet of the Ballarat District Hunt Club next Saturday trill be at the kronels, Minersreet; the stag to be uncarted at halfpast two o'clock sharp. 