AN ESCAPE FROM A CAVE. h eg"``" iiife 51 Kilkeo is-an' out-ofnfi . way watering-place on the West of Ireland, in the county Clare: It is the resort of a few fashionable families in the summer soa son. But it canherdly be call a fashionable watoring.place; for; although'you may find there a dozen Irish county famlies at once, and perhas a stray and modest coronet, the number of fashionable folk at one time seldom c?eeds the 'bakeis ''down, or, if I v nt to be quite safe, rarely did; for I am now speaking of--y, it as-closo on twenty y The t bulk'of visitors; however, came from Limerick, and the route from that city to the villagewva sfficientlylong andI tedious to try the patinceof n ut the ly t mostt'devont worahippers of Aphrodite.. ou:might go part of.the way by-rail,: part of the way by river, and the remainder of the distance by d ;oryn y ight start by the teamLboat from Limerick to Kilrush,c and then finish from Kilrush to Kilkee by`road."' I am not quite sure how long the latter journey took, but I think eleven or twelve hours. You had in the latter course the advantage of passing down nearly the whole of the Lower Shannon, parts of which are ten or eleven miles wide. The Lower Shannon contrasts very unfavorable with the upper portion of that noble river, the banks bemg mostly low, flat, uninteresting, and, in fact, depressing. A few spots here and there have some scenic pretensions, but they are few, and far between. .. :.I was at that time, as it inay be inferied from an unguarded confession made above, twenty years younger than I am now.. But for the present I have done with confessions of this kind, and what age I then was will ever remain a mystery. It will suffice for present purposes that Isay I was as tall then as I am now, and supposed to be able to take care of myself along the bold bleak cliffs or'upon the bosom of-the undulating sea. This was my first visit to Kilkee, and one of the incidents which arose while. I was' there impressed itself so .deeply on my! memory that the passage of the two decades has failed to blot out from my, memory any, detail of that occurrence. ' . '.:I knew no one in the -place, hiad no com.: punion,and was thrown altogetheron my'ownl resources . for amusement, To people ac nustomed only to what I may call the pas. -toral apeets of the sea, the grand epic enacted by the ocean and the cliffs, atthis bold bald coast must at first be chilling andi depressin$. But familiarit with thi larger canvas, with its gigantic ubjects and heroic treatment, soon lifts up the mind to scorn of pretty.and engagig detail i Much of my time ws spent on the short harsh grass of the.Downs. It was my de-. light to stroll.slowly along the edges of the' indented cliffs, and watch the great rollers` :of the Atlantic sway onwards to the rocks,1 and burst in thunder and break in foam' hundreds of feet below me. :To the' mystery of the sea and th:e calm solemnity of the deserted Downs was addedi 'the weird fact that under these gigantic' cliffs, which seeimed the adamant of eternity,! stretched vast caverns of unexplored dark-; ness, and perils which, even in the broad' noon, filled the contemplation with dread.. Many of these caves had been, I was told,' fully examined; but many were so far :reaching and tortuous that the boldest boat. men of the coast shrank from pursuing themn through all their ways. ' I had not been long in Kilkee before. I made an expedition to' som'e of these'caves; and I confess that to -this day a sense of intolerable Oppression: comes upon me when 1 recall those awfu' resounding concaves of everlasting darkness. The torches carried by the boatmen made a ruddy pool of light, which extended a few; yards every way all round the enrrach; but! beyond that pool of light the water'was: 'nothing but' an infinity of darkness, blend-i ing with the infinity of darkness beyond its limit. It seemed to me as though, beyond that ruddy circle, there was no water, no, rock, no air: nothing but sunless void Andi when, to test the echoea and reverberatingi .power of;these abysses, a gun was fired, it! was as though the Titans inhabiting the: place raised up' their intolerable voices in( thunderous execration of our intrusion: . I confess that I was glad when once more, I saw the daylight, man's chief frieid one earth, glimmenng beforeme, and broarlening as we rowed between' the gigantic 'walis which formed the vestibule of. thrse mam. moth chambers of silence and the sea. Having. made a few. excursions of this kind, and saturated myself in the oppressive .fear attendant upon these visits, I made up my mind to content myself for the future with the surface of- the sea and the surface of the land, until it' came to be' my time to take my final-rest under either.--" I do not profess to know much of natural history. I am by ,dispositon so lazy that I am content to0look at'things'-I like, and enjoy tlhe mere looking 't themi, without making any curious inquiries into their names, c;nstituents, or natures; having re solved.to forego the vivid fears of the nether gloom;" I: spent',a good deal of my: time in lying on the Dbowns at a'safe distance from the edge of the sheer cliff and watching the seo? and. wild. birds, and listening to the bursting of the billows along the voluminous shore ..: --- . , ,-' -' . But the fascination of fearbad nt passed. away from me, and I chose as my favourite lo6nge the edge of a small golf, roand which the cliffs were two hundred feet high, and in whose Western all opened the portal to one' of the larget 'and least explored of -the caves. I uaully took'iup y: place on .the eastern 'ide,of the little gulf, so as to com. niand the entrance to that cave. Here, as I lay at full length in the,broad and healing sunshine, and. smoked. my pipe, I was able to contrast. luxurionsly the delight of sun,. sliiihe -and free air-with the oppressive sense of.darkness aid' stagnation an that cave'; aud'ib I watched the birds Bfly in and out, I w~der~d :if they' felt' depressed when they enred: ,hilndjoyful whe'n:they.:made their 1.S bc'1?: about a fortnight in "Kilke, anualsthough it was' very early, in the year, not more than half-way thmongh- May, a few visitors had already arried, Among these was one family who took a house at West Eid;, Mfy landlady- told me that-the name ofr thias family was Fitumaurice; -that the fatiily' consisted 'bof father; mother, and djoghter ; that the people were yelT.off ." .litvhd' thatMiss Fitmanrie wasone of theloveliest girls fro'i Antir imti hIad soon an opportunity of .peut.i ay. landlady's desernption to the tost, for,-withi anhoor after her announcement,: Loet the three on the broad road that runs along the inner dge'of the bay, and forms the chief promenade of the village. I could' sot, upon mere inspection;' decide as to the social and financial position of the Fitzmauries; bstI:did not want to look twice-to dis. covir that'Misa: FPizmaurice need hare no gat fearof pagsiu unadmired where beauty only was admitted. - Any temptation which might have arisen in me to fall in love with the beautiful Miss FLztmanariee was removed, a few days after I sawher first, by the arrival of a young man named McCarthy, who put up at the hotel, and,,the very evening of his arrival, was. seen-walking on the promenadle alone with Miss-Fitmnanrice. There coiuld bo no mis. take in the relations between these young people. That they were lovers an octogena rian could see. McCa.thy was a fine stalwart young follow of four or five and twenty, flat-chested,square-shouldered, light-flanked, long-limbed. He looked as though he could take care of -himself in "any oompany, nnder any circumstances. He had the easy, good humoured assurance of the man accustomed all his life to good circumstances ; and I am bound to say that, notwithstanding my great admiration for Miss Fitzmaurice, I at once took the livelist possible interest in him and his sweetheart and their love affairs. It was yet much too early to find many strangers at Kilkee. I am sure there were not a dozen people beyond the winter in habitants of the place. July, August, and September were the months.during which the villisgo was full. Therefore in these early days of the year there were fewer people to speak of, and more known of them, than later on. m, _. bt : " At that: time the bathing accommodation at Kilkee was, indifferent. ' Men who' used the boxes on the strand- had to bathe early in, the morning... But the good swimmers scorned the boxes on the strand, and took their matutinal header from the- rocks at the IWest End. Here the accommodation was still worse than at the strand. We had to undress on the rocks and secure ounr clothes with large stones .if there was any wind blowing. Here it was.l firt met McCarthy. We happened to use the same table of rock as a dressing-room; and as all swimmers in the water look upon each other as members of the great natation club, we, while far out and lying on our backs resting, exchanged some words as to the coldness of the water and so on.' That was the beginning of our acquaintance. We swam back together, talking as we swam. We dressed together and walked back to the hotel, where we pasted, having arranged that our swimming hours should e identical for the morrow. Six days went by, and our intimacy con tinned. Daily we met at the swimming hour, and shook hands at meeting and part ing. Daily 'I encountered him and his sweetheart on the Downs, as I went my way to root on the estem side of the little gulf. The weather was exceedingly mild, and McCarthy had told me he was passionately fond of boating. The boats here, called cnrrachs, are of various sizes, but built of uniform materials. Stout canvas is stretched over a lattice frame and heavily tarred. The oars are long and slender, with narrow blades, The boat is round-bottomed, with out keel or keelson, and is built specially with a view to climbing the vast, round, slow.moving waves of the Atlantic. Across the Bay of Kilkee there stretches a vast rock of rocks called (I must spell it phonetically, for I have never seen the word m print) the -Doggerer.. Outside these rocks !roll the eighteen hundred miles of oceanibetween them and the American shores; inside, the water is usually placid, and in the placid waters of the bay any amateur oarsmen is safe by himself, but, outside, experience and. nerve are often re. quired.. I had once or twice seen McCarthy and Miss Fitzmaurice rowing about in the bay. On the principle that "two is company, three is none,' they dispensed with the services of a boatman, and indeed, as far as management of the sculls and strength went, no boatman could have displayed better form than McCarthy. Once or twice I have stood watching him as he spun the currach round, shot her ahead, shot her astern over the smooth waters of the gleaming bay. I remember very well i: was on a Monday the last time I saw him rowing inside the Duggerner. I was coming home from my gulf to dinner. The light was begioning to fade, and I stood at the West End wall and watched him as he rowed towards the vast tableland of flat rocks at the western angle of the bay, which was the beaching ground of the currachs. He handed, the girl out, and then, pushing off his skiff, pulled out into the bay again. I went home, and had my simple dinner and read for a few hours, and then went to bed, thinking to myself that, when I met McCarthy at our usual swimming hour in the morning, I should playfully accuse him of want of taste in allowing so charming a girl to walk home by herself, while he clung to his tarry currach. Next morning at the swimming hour McCarthy was not there. When I was dressed I went down to where all the car rache lay, bottom up on the flat rocks. I noticed that something unusual had occurred in the night. Not more than half the boats were beached, and it was much too early, to suppose they had been employed by any fresh arrival of visitors. An old weather beaten kiln-dried boatman was sitting on the side of a currach, smoking his pipa.. " Where are the boats " said I. "Gone out 1" said he briefly. S" After what," I asked; " fishl!" "No." he said; "that young man 1" " God heavens l" I satd ; "what young man? " S"Young McCarthy," he said. "that was stopping at the hotel. He took a currach yesterday and pulled the girl all round the bay, and came back in the evening and landed the girl, and then pulled out beyond the Dogcerner.as.'twas growing dusk, and that's the last known of him; he never came back." ' . got a great shock, for I had conceived a strong liking for 3lct'arthy. " Is it known what he said to Miss Fitz maurice when they parted 2" ' "Yes, it is; ' It was then three-quarter ebb, and he told the lady be had a lantern with him and was going outside to one of the caves. The boats are gone out to searchthe caves for himb; but it's a poor chance, a very (poor,chance, I:fear.. It's been high. wafer esince, and hbe. did not know the coast very well, and had never been in one of the caves. "It's a poor chance": said the old, man, shaking his head, "a very poor chance.'" I I went home to breakfast that. morning with very little appetite.. I felt sick when f thought of poor McCarthy,' and distracted when I thought- of the'beantiful girl who had given him all the' lore she could bestow on man... . IIn half an hour I was once more down on the beach. By this time the -news had 'spread, and a little crowd had gathered. S."Any news" said I totheoldman. He raised his arm and pointed out towards in opening in the Doggerner. "There's a cnrrach coming in," he said, "with an empty crnrch in tow,'and in the leading one there is only the three men thatwent out in 0'Udod God, then," -I said, * tlj's Mc. Carthy's boat, and the man istdrowned." SThat's McCarthy's boat and the man is drowned." repeated the old man after me. i There was a low moan from the little crowd, and some of the women covered their faces with their hands.' I 'When the appriaching carrach landed our roist. fears were confirmed. "The currach had been found off -Moran's Cove, fullt.of rhter. The bottom, had been pierced" by something-a rock, the men said., The oars, which are not. worked in rowlocks or spaure, but, tied with a pIece of line each to one thole-pin, were found to be maissing. : . "The currach,": said- one of the men, " must have been taken upon the top of i swell, landedon 'a spike ef rock,; and store n.'" Very likely when the water sank the poor boy fell out' and wasdrowned. Anjy way,we're no hope, for from this to there, and from three miles west, there's not a place where anything but a seagull could land." - At these wordsitho crowd groaned, and I turned away. I did not canre to hear any further -particulars of ibis dismal tale. Mforan's'Corve was the ploae a-,h!b I had called my gulf. Was that.place )e e h for me to be haunte.' by the shade t.o vbom I had learned to rega se a fria :d. The day wore on ad Jrought no news of McCarthy. In the aftEaioon Mr. Fitzmanrico came down to the beach and engaged a currach and started off for Moran's Cove. .In.the evening he, andthe.party.oflboatman who accompanied him, returned. Theyhbid' been in four caves, theo one in 'Moran' GCove called Moran's Cave iecluded: 'Nothing had been found.--They hadshbouted in-all the caves and received no reply. They had picked up nothing floating.. The failure of this expedition confirmed the, worst fears. At the entrance of Moran's Cove was an isolated sharp. rock which would have been just covered by.the swells at the time McCarthy could have reached it, and which would .have been bared in the trough of the sea. The universal opinion was, among the boatmen, that the currach had been. swept by a swell upon this rock, pierced'by it; that the next swell had carried the; currach off the rock, filled her with water ; that the young man had then fallen outs or that the currch had turned over, and he had then been drowned, the eurrach sub sequently righting itself, though full of water. The whola.village was filled with con sternation and grief. Nothing else was talked of all that evening and night. The few; promenaders who, after dark, walked up and down the storm.wall could not refrain from now and then casting expectant eyes upon the glimmering sea. They know the currach had come in empty, and they knew that there was no landing-place for miles along this coast except in the bay.' But still hope dies hard when our hearts are the advocates of it; and even the boatmen turned their faces now and then seaward, as though they did not know that nothing short of a mirncle could bring John Mctarthy into that bay " . I could not sleep that night. I thought of the fine young fellow, in the very heyday of life, with prosperous circumstances to parry the rude blows of the world-with health and strength and a sweetheart that would alone have been a sufficient object to live for -thus suddenly cut off by an act of insensate Nature, helped by his own carelessness or perversity. What could he have meant by foolishly jeopardising a life which was valuable to himself and priceless to her who mourned him above there at the West End? Why should be, a comparative stranger to the coast, havw risked his life on that perilous sea by night Had hbe not had enough of the sea that day with her, without running fool hardy risks in waters of which he knew little or nothing I Would it not have been wiser for him to have seen her home, and then gone back to his hotel and eaten his dinner, and walked along the promenade in the hushed darkness of the evening I It seemed to me as though he had wilfully and wantonly thrown away his life at the very moment when all things conspired to make that life most precious to him. Next morning I could not bring myself to go to the rocks at the West End for my osual swim. I should have felt more acutely even than now If I stood there and missed his talk and his company in the water. Besides, I had a revulsion from the sea; it looked treacherous and deadly in my eyes. After breakfast I went out and took my customary way along the West End to the Downs. Although I had formed no intention of going to Moran's Cove, I felt a firm cer. tainty that I should find myself there before long. In addition to the old fascination of watching the mouth of that cave, there was now the new one added that somewhere close to this poor McCarthy had lost his life. In less than an hour I found myself in my old place, lying on the grass, now watching the mouth of the cave, now gazing intently at the surface of the water, as though I ex pected something of him to rise to it. I had not been here more than half an hour when all at once I was seized with an idea that made me spring to'my feet as though I had felt the cliff beginning to give way. I paused a moment, and looked down intently at the month of Moran's Cave.- There-was nothing unusual visible in the.. water, nothing unusual in the mouth of the. cie, nothing unusual on the cliff. But I;had noticed something which, had made 'my heart stand still. In less than a minute I was running back at the top of my speed to Kilkee. SHow I got to the beach where the boats lay I do not know now: I did not know then. All I do know is, that when I reached the few fishermen I was speechless for want of breath. I must have looked very much excited, for one of the men said to me, " Have you seen his ghost ?" For a moment I could dot answer. When it last I recovered my breath, I said, "Launch a boat. Quick I 'l11 show you where he is." . They looked at me incredulously for a while. Then they shook their heads, as though they thought me mad. "Launch the boat at once," I ecried. "He is in Moran's Cave-I'll swear to you he is Moran's Cave" I" "But," said one of the meon, "we tried Moran's Cave yesterday, and he wasn't there then. How can he be there now! What makes you think he's there f" ".The birda,".I cried .." the birds ! They fly a few yards into the cave with fish in their beaks, and then fly out again with the fish still in their beaks.' . I had no occasion to say any more. Four men seized a currach, and ran with it into the sea. I waded after them, and we five got in. We'll try what it is, any way," said the owner of the boat. The men pulled with all their might; and I steered with a spare oar. L thought the time interminable, but at last we reached Moran's Cove, and I headed straight for the cave. The opening was so narrow there was not room for the oars, and we shot in with theway already on the boat. WV had not got twenty yards into the cave when, above the booming of the waters abroad, we heard from within a faint cry Of joy. Therewas now room for the oars. A few strokes, and in the dim light of the torch I could see the figure of a man standing on a shelf of rock. "There he isl" I shounted. The men turned round and uttered aloud cheer. Be. fore there was time for almost anything else, we were alongside the rock, and M'Carthy was on board. WVe raisedi another cheer now, pulled afew rapid strokes, and emerged from the cavern. M'Carthy's explanartion, which he gave as as we went back, was as follows : "That night he had pulled round to Moran's Cave with the intention of rowing up one of the passages, which he was told had hitherto been unexplored. He arrived at the cave, lighted a .torch. and entered. The passage was on the right, and he pulled immediately for it.. He had gone a con siderable distance, when the passage snd. denly narrowed, so that there was hardly room for the boat to pass between the walls; he had to push her, forward with his hands. He pasaed here and looked ahead. As far-s he could see, by the aid of the lantern, the passage continued to narrow. Seeing this, he resolved to retarn, when, to his horror, he found thatin the few minntes he had been examining the place, the ourrach had stuck fast in the passage. SThe tide was, uhe knew, falling, bht this could hardly account for her being jammed so quickly. He took an oar and thrust it down: under the end near the month of the cave; the whole length.of the oar did not get the bottom. He went up to the other end of the boat ;.there were not two inches of water here.. As he clambered up to the high end of the currach he heard a noise be. id him, and, looking round, saw that a apear4kJ sg had pierced the bottom of the boat. At that moment his candle went out, and he was left in complete darkness. With the oar he felt the shallow end of the cave, and found out that it was composed of a flat bed of rock ascending inward. He ot out, addccardiftll ffeli lieiie fft' by foot, he finally found himself some fooeet above the level'of the water below. 'Here he sat down in despair; he had no light,;the currach was useless, and the chance of any one seeking him down that hitherto uc0n. plored passage almost valneless.'He had no' means of finding out how 'the time went.' lHe put his watch to his'ear; it was goingg, but there was no light to see the dial. eI gave himself up for lost. He tried to keep awake; he knew not'why; : He had no fear of being overwhelmed` by the tide when it rose again, for it was:nearly high water when he entered the cave, and he was now several feet above whore the currach'had' stuck fast.' At last he slelit. When ho awoke he felt his way back to where he had left the cunr rach, and found that it was gone. Thus'he knew that he had been then 'upwards of twelve hours in the cave. He went back to his old place and lay down there once more, praying that death might take him speedily. He knew not, he cared not, how long he lay thus, but he remembered having slept again. It must have been during this second sleep that Mr. Fitzmaurice visited the cave, for it was more than likely that if M'Carthy had been awake he would have heard the ries. After this second awaking, hunger and de spair drove him nearly, frantic.' For 'a moment he resolved to anticipate the -ap proach of death, and, hurrying down to the water, he threw himself in. the shock and the involuntary action of .swimming sug; gested at the moment that he might make one effort for life. He :was in deep water and pitch darkness ; but he knew that by keeping close to the wall on the left, he must, if he had strength to continue his way, reach the mouth. Here he knew he should see daylight once again, and that he could find a resting place on the ledge where we subsequently found him. He scarcely remembered having reached that ledge, and, from the time he crawled up it until we came, he remembered nothing dis tinctly. He hid a dim recollection of the birds flying in, and that, in the belief that they were carrion birds waiting for his death, he had made gestures intended to drive them away. It was a week before John M'Carthy had recovered from the privation and the shock. But, within a month of that memorable ex cursion of his, I stood at his side in one of the Limerick churches while a certain cere mony went forward, and signed the register hard by the place where a beautiful girl wrote her name as Kate Fitzmaurice for the last time. 