THE SALVATION ARMY. [BYJF. H. B."| The activity displayed by the Salvation Arrny, and the large amouut of public intcrest which the doings of this body have evoked renders an investigation into its means, methods, and objects, a subject of some importance. When we regard the dimensions of the body in London and the growthof it here, an enquiry into its methods, objects and importance, will perhaps be interesting. The movement took its origin in London, about twenty years ago under the initiation of the same person who is still its moving power and spirit— William Booth. It seems to be a sort of Revivalism resembling that of Sankey and Moody a few years ago, but with the addition of of a military organisation from whence it gets its name. Its importance in England at the present time may be estimated when it is said that the Executive of the body have bought the lease of the Eagle Tavern and Grecian Theatre, one of the lowest dens of London, for £16,750. In an article in the Nineteenth Century the head leader, Mr. Booth, gives a few particulars as to its organization and tactics. He says that he came to London some 17 ago years a Methodist preacher, with the view that the great principles of Christianity only needed to be brought to bear upon the masses to prove their efficacy to salvation. He denies that it proceeded from any one's brain, and that it is likely to serve any man's purpose. He asserts that they have no special doctrines but those of the old- fashioned Gospel which denounce sin and iniquity, and warn men of the warth to come. Their mission, he says, is to preach the Gospel of a Crucified Saviour, who shed his blood to save men from the consequences of guilt and the dagger of Hell. They appear to believe in the Commination Service, which is now, by all enlightened church people, regarded as unworthy of our Church Service and an undesirable relic of Puritan bigotry. The resemblance to the old Puritan system is strong in other points. Thus, we find that their preachers delight to hurl down the most denunciatory condemnations upon the wickedness of sin and the punishments for an ill-spent life reminding us very strongly of Hugh Latimer and Cromwell, and the Piers Plowman of the very early times. A favorite theme and topic is that of everlasting punishment, which is held forth in terrorem over every one who does not turn from the error of his ways and enlist under the Army militant. There is no doubt their plan of action is well-calculated to reach and impress itself upon the attention of the masses who are so hard to stir up by the ordinary Church methods. The rigidly strict dis- cipline which pervades the whole government makes the General at the Head as much an autocrat as the Colonel of a regiment or the Prior of a Dominican monastery. Each convert is required to give proof of his sincerity by standing up and giving personal testimony of his having received the grace by which he has been saved, and relating the " experiences" of his conversion, for the salvation of others. "When proved to be staunch against ridicule, and a true soldier of Christ, his name and address are registered, he is placed under the care of a " sergeant," and is privileged to wear S as a badge on his collar. To those who thus fall in regularly with the requirements and the discipline, a " soldier's" certificate is issued quarterly, and three month's probation as a recruit qualifies as an efficient. By means of processions, accompanied by torchlights, banners, music, and singing, they take a palpable way of bringing themselves and their preaching into public notice; and the boisterous and rowdy fashion in which they parade the streets is sure to attract the profanum vulgus in large quantity. Indeed they spare no pains to bring themselves into public notice. The flaming posters which bedeck the walls of the street buildings, the striking livery of the regular army, the popular character of their hymn music—all these are devices to catch the attention of the crowd, and it is the crowd that they profess to reach. " Get the attention of the people and God will do the rest," is the maxim of their leader. He is not stringent as to the manner and method of their warfare against the Evil one, so long as it is carried out with a zealous spirit and intention. Another way of projecting themselves into notice is by their publications. Their newspaper organs " The War Cry," and " Little Soldier'.' have a circu-' lation of 360,000 weekly, and their chief object seems to be to magnify the success of their efforts, and so to increase the curiosity of the public in a movement with apparently so large an influence. The zeal and unanimity with which the officers work together, is an important item in accounting for the progress of their work. The system of government benig so absolutely military, as the name would imply, and the discipline being so perfect, a spirit of earnestness and devotion to their cause animates, from general to the lowest subaltern and private. The business management is also characterized by as great a thoroughness and efficiency. Each corps has its Treasurer, and Secretary, and thus all the finances are properly looked after; accounts are audited by accredited accountants, and their real property interests are in the hands of a firm of solicitors. Each officer conducts from nineteen to twenty-five meetings weekly, so that the office is scarcely a sinecure. A Captain gets 218. and a woman chief 15s. If married the officer gets 27s. and £1 per week for each child. From this it will be seen that motives of a self-regardent kind can have little play in inducing a man to become an officer. The great elements of their success undoubtedly are their complete and thorough organization, their adoption of the Temperance theory, and their great reliance on the " language of the people." As auxiliaries, their usage of the most conspicuous kinds of advertisements, the most boisterous music, and the most striking and arrestive of hymns, go much in their favor. As a sample of what can be done in the way of an advertisement take the following, taken from one of their placards: —Monday, 5 June, at a quarter to eight, Salvation charge. Tuesday, great exhibition of hallelujah lasses. Wednesday,fire and brimstone. Thursday, roll-call: soldiers to deliver up their cartridges.- Friday, at half past seven, baptism of fire. Saturday, at a quarter to eight, rejoicing over victories won all over the shop meetings. Sunday, 11 June, at 7 a.m., knee drill, ammunition supplied to soldiers by quartermaster : 11 a.m., descent of the Holy Ghost: half past 2 p.m., tremendous free amd easy; half past 6 p.m., great charge on the Devil: 9 p m, hallelujah gallop." The style of their hymnbook can be gathered from the refrain to one of the hymns :— Elijah was a jolly old man, And was carried up to heaven in a fiery van Let us everyone be a jolly old man, And be carried up to heaven in a fiery van. From these specimens it will be seen how wanting in decorum and pious reverence is the tone of their literature. The " War Cry" and " Little Soldier " are disfigured and debased by much of the same kind of writing, which will appear profane and impious, to the verge of blasphemy, to those who have been taught to believe in a God approachable only by a reverent humility, and a sense of His infinite beneficence and mercy. If Religion is the " rendering of the soul to God," if it consists in the effacement of the passions, and the submergence of self in a trustful dependence upon the goodness of the Creator, then the spirit of the Salvation Army is not true religion. If christianity cannot be furthered without resort to means which, if not revolting, are certainly vulgar and uncouth, then Christianity has retrograded instead of having advanced. If a religion is vulgar, it is not Christianity. If it is Christianity, it is not vulgar. From. the broad and repelling realism of the Salvation Army ritual how different the feeling and poetry of the oldest Church's smybolism. From the gross, startling, and ill-formed Salvation Army Captain's address, with its motive point of fanaticism and its burden of a self-sufficient vanity, and a sermon of Farrar, Knox, Little, or Green, how vast is the difference. The one replete with boastfulness, egotism, and denunciation ; the other full of the quiet serenity and hopefull confidence in the doctrine that " The spirit of God is the spirit of fear, but of power and of love, and of a sound mind." 