MR. GEORGE BURGES' BENEFIT. Irish wit and humor form almost essen tial elements of successful English comedy or farce. The Hibernian character,— whether on the stage or in real life,—is BO full of fun and drollery, of queer mistakes and grotesque blunders, that the veiy ap pearance of " Paddy" on the boards is usually a guarantee for genuine merriment and refreshing laughter. " The Limerick Boy" is no exception to the rule, and the friends and patrons of Mr. George Burges thoroughly enjoyed themselves on Wed nesday night at the complimentary benefit tendered to that genial gentleman anil scenic artist at the Port Augusta Institute. The hall was well filled, and the pro gramma was long and inviting. A portion of the Port Augusta Band, conducted by Mr. Stevens, ushered the audience into and also performed some selections within the room. Dr. Stewart presided at the grand pianoforte. The cast of "The Limerick Boy" was as follows:—Paddy Miles, Mr. Hocari; Dr. Coates, Mr. George Bulges; Henry (his son), Mr. Geo. Daley, Job (a gardener), Mr. Mankey; Reuben Mr. H. Manuell; Mrs. Fidget, Mr. W Percy; Jane, Mrs. D. Mackay. Of course, the heaviest part of the playing fell to the lot of Mr. Hocart and Mr. G. Burges. The former, though not an " exile from Erin," gave the brogue and realised the character of Miles'* BojT mBf commendable vraitemblanct; Mr. Bulges was " all there" as the fussy and amorous old Medico, who was kept in a constant state of irritation by the pranks of the mischievous and apparently ubiquitous serving- man, Paddy Miles. Mr. G. Daley, as Homy, (bis young •aaster,) acted more forcefully and success faUy than when we last noticed his •effects, (in " Milky White,* 1 ) and disposed •of hospart with the ease and nondtalance •of a jtseCesnonal. The scene in which he induces Paddy to don female attire, was irresistibfy Iwiicrous, and kept the house fin • roar of daughter; Mr. Hoc art's subsequent struggles tto disrobe himself were -alinoft•qually oiirth- piwrojring, if, perhaps, trifle loo "lowcomedy" in details. Job, he gardener (Mr. Mankey), was a minor >art, but was creditably performed. Mr. I. Mann ill (who was " got up" in excellent style) performed the boisterous part of " Reuben" with much naturalness and success. Mrs. Fidget found an apt delineator in Mr. \V. Percy, and Jane (her daughter) was fairly represented by Mrs. D. Mackuy. When Paddy brought Mrs. Fidget her medicine, and slyly gave his young master's billet doux to Miss Fidget, the scene was capital and the acting excellent Paddy's direction to the old lady, to take " all the physic at once," or " a wine- glass full every minute," and Dr. Coates 1 sudden arrival and declaration that that physic was " Epsom salts and jalap" created much laughter. The whole farce went pretty smoothly, but occasionally there was a want of smartness between the scenes. After the interval Mr. Mankey gave a short but excellent recitation, "The Ship on Fire;" Mr. J. Smith delighted the audience with two neat performances, a sand-jig and a clog-liornpipe; the ever-welcome, popular, and clever George Bromley sang two capital songs, in character," The Parisian Swell" and " Artful Joe," the latter in response to a vociferous encore. Mr. Mellor accompanied Mrs. D. Mackay on the pianoforte in her song, "Juanita," which elicited applause and an encore, which was replied to by a verse of the song. Miss Wilson's song, " Thy Face," was sweet and enjoyable ; this lady only requires more practice to becoinc a very effective cantatrice. Mr. H. Jones' sidedrum solo was an unique exhibition, of rare skill and merit. The drum was " almost made to speak;" the varying tones obtained from the instrument were " striking," the crcscendo and diminuendo passages being very cleverly rendered. Mr. Jones has, we believe, won prizes elsewhere by exhibitions of his skill, and his performance on Wednesday night was most meritorious. He was rewarded by warm and long-continued cheere. Mr. Burges, in a neat speech, thanked the audience for their liberal patronage, and asked them to view leniently any slight faults, as the Amateur Company had had very little time for preparation, or for rehearsals. He also thanked the amateurs, and was very warmly applauded. The Hindoo Bag Mystery was cleverly managed by Mr. J. Smith and Mr. G. Burges, Mr. Mellor acting as scrutineer. The literally " screaming farce" of " The Ghost in a Pawnshop" was an exhibition of capital acting, the parts being sustained by that clever trio, Mr. George Bromley, a6 Toby (a nigger sen-ant) ; Mr. Burges, as the usurious Pawnbroker : and Mr. C. D. Southcoinbe, as " Little Joe" (the eventual Ghost). Each performer did so remarkably well that we must declare them to be all A 1. But Mr. Bromley's rendering of the nervous nigger, and Mr. Southcombe's very smart and clever " ghostly" tricks were the best things of the evening. The make-up of the Ghost might, however, have been more artistic. Toby's ludicrous lamentations over " poor little Joe, who used to buy me buns!" and his terror at the apparition's appearances, were enough to make a cat laugh. This mirthful farce sent the audience home in high good humor, pronouncing the whole entertainment a gratifying success. 