HUSTLE THEM IN. Dedicated to the \Five-eent Lodging-houses. BY WILIi CABLETON. Hustle them in, jostle them in, Many of nation, and divers of Idn, Sallow, and yellow, and tawny cf skin— Hustle them, bustle them, jostle them in! Handfuls of withered but suffering clay, Swept from the east by oppression away; Baffled adventurers, conquered and pressed Back from the gates of the glittering West: Men who have struggled 'gainst Destiny's frown Inch after inch, till she hunted them down ; Men who with indolence, folly, and guile Carelessly slighted Prosperity's smile. Scores in a tier—pile them up hero— Many of peoples and divers of kin; Drift of the nations, from far and from near, Hustle them, bustle them, jostle them in ? Islands of green, mistily seen, Hover in visions these sleepers between ; Beautiful memories, cozy and clean, Restfully precious, and sweetly serene, Womanly kisses have softened the brow Lying in drunken bewilderment now : Infantile faces have cuddled for rest Here on this savage and rag-covered breast. Lucky the wretch who in Poverty's ways Bears not the burden of "happier days": Many a midnight is gloomier yet By the remembrance of stars that have set. Echoes of pain, drearily plain, Come of old melodies sweet and serene; Images sad to the heart and the brain Rise out of memories cozy and green. Hustle them in, bustle them in, Fetid with squalor; and reeking with gin. Loaded with misery, folly, and sin— Hustle them, bustle them, jostle them in! Few are the sorrows so hopelessly drear But they have sad represen taiives here ; Never a crime so complete and confessed But has come hither for one night of rest, Seeds that the thorns of diseases may bear Float on the putrid and smoke-laden air; Ghosts of destruction are haunting each breath— Soft- stepping agents, commissioned by Death Crowd them in rows, comrades or foes, Deadened with liquor and deafened with din, Fugitives out of the frosts and the snows, Hustle them, bustle them, jostle them in ! Guilt has not pressed unto his breast All who are taldug this dingy unrest: Innocence often is Misery's guest; Sorrow may strike at the brightest and best. You from whom hope, but not feeling, has fled, This is your refuge from pauperhood's bed; Timorous lad with a sensitive face, You have no record of crime and disgrace; Weary old man with the snow-drifted hair, Not by your fault are you suffering there, Never a child of your cherishing nigh— 'Tis not for sin you so drearily die. Pain, in all lands, smites with two hands; Guilty and good may encounter the test; Misery's cord is of different strands; Sorrow may strike at the brightest and best. Sympathy's tear, warm and sincere, Can not but glisten while lingering near. Edge not away, sir, in horror of fear; These are your brothers—this family here! What if Misfortune had made you forlorn With her stiletto as well as her scorn ? What if some fiend had been making you sure With more temptation than flesh could endure ? What if you deep in the slums had been born, Cradled in villainy, christened in scorn ? What if your toys had been tainted with crime ? What if your baby hands dabbled in slime ? • Judge them with ruth. Maybe, in truth, It is not they, but their luek, that is here. Fancy your growth from a sin-nurtured youth; Pity their weakness, and give them a tear, Help them get out; help them keep oat! Labor to teach them what life is about; Give them a hand unencumbered with doubt: Feed them and clothe them, but pilot them out! Suffering mortals, whate'er they have been, Soonest can mend from assistance within Warm them and feed them—they're animals, then; Teach them and love them—they spring into men. You who 'mid luxuries costly and grand Decorate homes with munificent hand, Use, in some measure, your exquisite arts For the improvement of minds and of hearts. Lilies must grow up from below ! Where the strong rootlets are twining about; Goodness and honesty ever must flow From the heart-centres—to blossom without. Wouldst thou discover Nature's true patli to happiness ? Listen to her first command : Labor! The hours fly swiftly to liim who has daily occupation; a lifetime creeps slowly away with the idle.— Leopold. 