CHATS OH COMING EVENTS' By " Tout Cela." No. 2. — The Australian Cup Nags, in commencing my gossip anent this interesting long-distance event, it must be premised that although there are 30 horees nominally left in, Btill a percentage of there from the bister colonies have not yet arrived ai ueaaquaiiers i winibi n is very certain thaton Wednesday forenoon next— when the supposed starters have to pay 15 aova. each as balance of their aweepebakes— there will be several not " dub up,' ' and the scratching board may dispose of others. It seems to be hardly possible that more than 15 will go to the post. And a very good field too, con sidering how few have sported ei!k of late years for a race that generally was deemed " a foregone conclusion" for one out of two or three favourites. This season, however, there ie nothing being "served up very warm," end there is every hope that it may prove an open race up to the very last. Such a state of affairs is the best for both layers and backers, as the number of starters sup posed to have less or more of a look-in will assist the bookmakers to get well round and the takers of odds to get good prioe. The strong element of doubt, nevertheless, which attaches to many of the nags facing the flag necessarily compels me to be terse in my dissertation on relative cbanoes, for I mortally detest following in the footsteps of too many of my collebornteurt, and lauuuhing forth on the merits or demerits of animals who after all are neither " in the hunt/' oor were ever meant to be. Verb. tap. What I do say, therefore, shall be " straight out from the elbow;" ami the public may rust pretty well satisfied that all pains have been taken to arrive at the opinions given through such observation and consideration as have been possible. Commencing with the top weight, Welling ton, Sst. 121b., although granting him to be one of the best and soundest norscs over lapped in leather, yet I must wipe liim out for the reason that he has been too manv years in training, without a reasonable spell, to retain the requisite brilliancy . Courlenatf, Bst. 101b., does not read well to thuse who only recollect this speedy animal in New South Wales as running mile and mile-a-quarter events under moderate weights. But I warn them to bear in mind that this evenly made chesnut fairly beat the above son of Panic in the Geelong Handicap, at no very striking difference, and that Courtenuy'e party deem they can beat biui again, at level weights, provided their pet keep his late con dition, Indeed, the fact that he has been nominated in the best weight- for-age events of Ihe meeting proves Lliit to be their idea. Pint Water, Sst. Sib., does not read a tho moral" be did last March at "st. 81b., when I went for him unreservedly, and earned a tribute of credit, which has since lamentably failed to attach to mo or uny other spotUUK writer who has had to select probable winners. He is a neatly- made quadruped, but does not impress one as likely to disregard 14lb. extra; an there is, at the moment of writing, just a scintilla of suspicion that he may not be eent to Mel bourne at all this trip, as the rival South Australian Clubs are offering euch tempt ing prizes of £1000 each, that an owner might well be excused for prc- f erring a home chance at lese risk. If he arrive, then it will be time enough to say more about him next Wednesday, when I have seen him go. Of Setpefian, 8ft. 41b., it requires bo bo also said that he is still away from our tracks, and it ie positively absurd to pass criticism without knowing aught about condition. Although he won tbo Iuai A.J.C. Meiropoliun with consider able ease, he was moat favourably treated by the handicauper > and amongst those behind not three were fit to " run for sour apples." My own notions, from what I have seen <f h»« public running, are, firstly, that he needs to be ''ripe as hands en make him to have a ghost of a show for any distance beyond a mile and three- quarters ; and, secondly, that two miles and a quarter is beyond his tether at any time, and under anr ciroumstancefl, excepting that all the only likely competitors tumble down to oblige him- Guinea 8st. 31b., can hardly expect the race to be run on purpose to suit bun, as was the Geelong Gup, and this ie all there is to ay. Bella drum, 8st. 2lb., cannot complain of his weight, and I happen to know he ie very well. His Derby running has always appeared to me an over-rated performance, and ho did not finish like a staver at tbe recent Victorian Club Meeting. Still, if his stable put their dollars on, it might be well to follow with a few dimes, as tbey are able to get a pretty reliable line. Smear-row, 6st., is particularly well treated by the haudi- capper, for we know he nan get miles, as we saw him beat First King over that dis tance. To the eye he looks very "pink, but I have not yet seen him do an end-to-end two miles gallop in companyaud he has so often disappointed bis epirited proprietor when the money was really ou, that I affix h query to his prospect of success. Nathelees, it must be boldly etnted thai he ought to win "hands down," if the Suwarrow of Jiis three-year-old spring form. Odd Trick, Tst, 131b., "after his Melbourne Cup failure, is out of my good books, and I pore him by, Waterloo, Tat. 121b., has not been well treated in relation to otber burses who have been favoured ; but as be is backward m his traiuiug, and his know it, we may as well leave him for a future occariun. 7ht- I2lb,, has been made rather amystery in certainquarb rs, and oven his actual wbvreabouto isa puzzle to tbe Fleminifton touts. To me he is no puzzle at all, and I ruthlessly expunge bim, not believing it posrible to bring him out fit. Sapper Tandy, 7 tit. SlbM has received won- droue consideration, and eome of tbore who so often follow his chances already talk of in- vestment As Londou /VnrA'sadviceito ''Those about to marry ' ' w a the curt word "Don t," so do I borxow both the recommendation and tbe nhrase. Facts are stubborn things, and it is only when Napperhaaooapparentearfhly show that lie is worth touching. Funny, isn't it I but "no less strange than true." Spoke, shave. Ooriofo«««> Trt. 8lb., dw»pit his Champion triumph, lacks tbe requisite dash. Siuutmr, 7«t. Gib., is another of those equine eccentricities who could only get a mile or so in early youth, but take tbe turf lir ciinnicp In morn mature years bv unex- pectedly winuiug over a stretch of ground. His win in tbe V.R.C. Handicap, If mile, al most staggered those who thought they knew him bi'st ; but, on hoking up bis re cords I find that be ba6 done very fairly, uud«'r 6ft. 21b., at. a quarter of a mile further. Those wbo fancy bint at all luav like to learn that he is full of muscle and health, and the report of his being in jured on the overland journey is a mistake. He rubbed the hair off his hip and quarter a little, but left no soreness at ull, aud gallops freely. Boya! Maid, 7et. 4lb., is a young lady meriting respect, and if tbe St. Albans trainer has been able to wind her up she is one of the very few worth plunging on a hit. Previous to theClmuipiou Race --he was " dead off j" but her pauic race for the Gee- long Produce Stokes showed her to have im proved a good deal in the interval 5 and if she rcceire genuine support j from ber owner, tbe " office" should bo taken. Her weight is most suitable, and I hare every reason to deem her a etoyer, as well as possessing good foot, Santa Claus, 7st. 4 lb., shall nut waste my thoughts or ink. Cryt'al, 7at. 4lb., inay be a starter; but with the rich Adelaide prizes staring his owner in the face— who is now a South Australian— one would be inclined to declare his "dart" would not be hero- JSoA-t-woor, 71., if 6addled up for the race, is more likely to go in Suwarrow'fi interest than " ou biaoVn book." The long journey, at any rate, will not suit him. Chuckder, 7tit., is amongst my doubtful division, and there we 11 leave him. Blue Ribbon, Gst. 121b., is a nice sort of horse, kindly enough treated, and going well iu his work. To my thinking, though, he had better be reserved for shorter events. Attaehi. (rat. 12lb., is another doubt ful starter in my judgment, and not adapted for the distance. Sweet William , Cat. 101b., is a three-year-old in Mr. He Meetre'e string, of whom the outside public talk as if they 44 knew something." At any rata, if they do, Mr. Da Mestre doesn't, for ha has not yet backed him for a shilling, as he would have if there was any thing in it. At least, ''them's my sentiments." Gloucerfer, Gst. Gib., is a brother to Goldsbrousb, but as different in make and shape as chalk and cheese. He is far too nairow, aud too much on the leg, to i-uit my taste for a lsster. Kit-en, Gst. 5lb., is chucked in, if worth a dump, aud especially bo after his second place in the Geelong Gold Cup ; albeit that was the reverse of a true run race. Huwever, the gallops be has lately been taking on the Saltwater Flat do not please tho profe&eio;&al; observers, and he may be relegated to a "back seat," though one of the few who have been nibbled at by outside backers. Pollio , fist, filb., ie always going to do the trick, but never does, an apology being invariably fouud for tbo failure. Accordingly, ii he chance to catch tho judge's eye this time, 111 even apologise for my present verdict — which is, " Can't stand liini." Xarralri, Cst. 4-1 b., looks well on the list, being a powerful animal and in fall runuing of lato. As little Bouquet, how ever, at a difference of only 3lb., ran biui ft , good second for the Colac (Handicap, he " won't do for Joseph." Wtsthwy, Gst. 4lb., is amongst those guessed by me to be left in his box on tbe day. If he do epoti the worthy Doctor's colours, be shall not carry a cent of mine. Elsinore, Cst. 31b., hails frotn. Tasmania, and is a nice sort of marc, that has been doing consistent work for the lengthy journey. A few rather knowing folk, wbo ICTIUC BUVUb JLCU'WVUn UW, »ID UIUUU tu love with ber, and nave accepted the long odds. In su oh extended gallops aa I have witnessed, she has seemed to me to ' lack devil" at the finish. Not a trainer at Fleming! on, though, better deserves to lead away the winner, for Stove Mahon is indefatigable in his attentions, generally being firot on tho track at daylight to get tbe best of the going. Queen, Gst., is amongst tbe dubious arrivals; nor does ebe appear fitted for a 2 mile contoBt, though a nice quality filly for a shorter distance. Mameluke, 6st., has been bruited about as the beet of tbe 44 dark vuns," and hie racing at Benalla last week eagerly considered. Having won some tolerable races in Queens land, and ran second to Melbourne under a heavyuh impost on one occasion, when the Panic bred horse was in his prime, there seemed some grounds for speculative outlay, and his new owner was very confident. The result hardly oame up to what was hoped ; bnt attii he ran a pretty good animal, and nearly 2et. off his back will be 4t letting him loose." Were he more forward io oondition I should still regard him as worth invest ment; but a generally good judge, wbo went to Benalla on purpose, tub me Mr. Paget's purchase is far from cherry-ripe. Duehet, 6 at., vrindB up the category; and after the fraud she run at Geelong anybody who likes inay put money ou her, bnt 1 shall not stand shares with them. She has pace, no doubt, but heart vs a nvcvwity» Next Wednesday the Newmarket lot will be reviewed, aud my tips boldly hazarded for both events. 