TWO STRANGE STORIES. r The following article is from the pen of Mr J. K. Macintyre:— So many strange stories are told nowadays in our jonrnals that comparatively few of them are honored with a resurrection. No sooner is one story told than it is buried, and from its grave rises np another, which, like its predecessor, is bottled np in oblivion. Like "shadows, they come and so depart." It was not so a few ages ago. A strange story then was food for at least a century. The ghostly visitors who troubled the Wesley [amily formed a story which was handed down from sire to son. This remarkable stoiy, whieh we believed had secured for it- Belf asitting-place on the spokes of Time's revolving wheel, is fading away. The developments of modem spiritualism—and I dislike them, one and all—have glutted the ghost market with yarns of such a horrible character that the old standard tales which we related to each other by the fireside when we were children are.all but unknown, to the young folks of the present generation. The old winter-nights' stories made our flesh creep, and made ns sit closer to each other. Sometimes we got so terrified that we were afraid to look behind us. And yet, although " frichtened af wraiths an' burkirs," the very stories that "frichtened" us afforded ns a favorite luxury. The story of Burke «nd Hare was told weekly; and whenever Tam o'Shanter's nocturnal gallop was reproduced we looked as white as a sheet, and " the very hair 0' oor heeds rose up wi' the fricht," for then For many years the favorite ghost story of New South Wales was confined to Fisher. Whenever people got into a story- telling mood, or a journalistic scribe had a desire to philosophise on supernatural appearances, "fisher's ghost" was draggedtothe front This favorite ghost is seldom molested now, for the ghostly religion of the Spiritists has peopled Australia with spectres, although I have not yet met with any of them. Out of the alarming mass of inexplicable phenomena that has come before the public within the last four or five yean, two strange stories, with each of which a clergymanis connected, may be worthy a resurrection in your columns. Of the first, I can say little or nothing. Of the second, I may say that I heard it from the lips of the clergyman himself. The first story was told in a Sand hurst journal, not so long ago, in the following words:— "New South Wales, 15th November, 1880. " My Dear Sir,—When Isaw you in Sandhurst the other day I mentioned that I was going to write to yon. It was merely to tell you of a circumstance that I heard of during ray recent trip up the Border district of Victoria, which, if true, seems to bear out the spiritist theory. I tell you tlie tale as 'twas told to me. I have no reason to doubt the facts, but I am nnable to offer any explanation. The person who saw the. supposed apparition is a clergyman, now resident near Melbourne. He did not tell me about it himself, but I heard of it from two or three different people to whom he had told it. I can offer no explanation other than that it may have been an opti< cal deluson on his -part — a mere trick of his brain. The clergyman was staying at a station for the night, and on retiring to his room for the night, before getting into his bed, sat down to write some notes. Whilst thus engaged, he happened to look u] at the window, and saw a man with a rei smoking cap- on his head looking in at the window in a scowling manner, his g&ze; being directed towards the foot of the be4. Thinking it was some of the men belonging to the station prowling about, in order to play some tricks npon him, he resumed his writing without taking any notice, but oa again looking np, the face was still at the window. Feeling uncomfortable, he went to the window, drew down the blind, aud retired to bed. The next day, on turning over the leaves of an album in the house, he saw the identical faceof the man who he thought bad been looking in npon him the previous evening. He said to a person in the room that that was the man who was walking about his window and looking in at him the night before, but was assured that such could not be the case, as the person whose portrait was before him was dead. The clergyman, on hearing this, said no "more on the 'subject, but the next day, on visiting a neighboring station, saw barring up in the passage a red smoking cap, which he identified as belonging to his visitor* at the window. He enquired who the cap belonged to, and was told that it was _ {the person whose portrait he saw in the album). I omitted to say that the room occupied by the clergyman when he first saw the face was the room occupied by the deceased for years. The clergyman knew nothing about the deceased gentleman, and had never even heard of him. It is a queer story, coincidence, or whatever it may nave been. I thought you would be interested in it, so have jotted it down. I could give yon names if necessary.—Yours. Sc., L. W. G." Journalistic hoaxes are so frequently perpetrated now-a-dayB, that it is risksome to offer a serious opinion as to the pros and cons of this singular apparition tale. A few years ego, such a story as the above would have been honored with a solemn criticism of two or three columns; and both story and critique would have been relished by a large section of the newspaper public as a really interesting literary morsel But people have grown so knowing and so quizzing throughout the past few years that a journal, excepting of the purely sensational stamp, would lose caste if it ventured to say more than—" We give this story for what it is worth," or, "We leave our readers to draw their own conclusions." To sub-editors, these two set phrases are very handy, and offer a strong tower of escape from the dangers to which they would often expose themselves by expressing their own opinions. I will follow their example in regard to the ghost with the red nightcap, and will now proceed to the second Btoiy, which is of a decidedly more edifying character. Some four or fire years ago, I inserted the follow- ing paragraph in a Melbourne newspaper:— "THE D.-SPIBATION OF SLEEP. ." A highly-respected clergyman, the pastor of one of the largest churches in Melbourne, had a remarbble dream a few nights ago, in which he was engaged in devoutly praising God hy ranging a hymn. The sound of hiB own voice awoke him from sleep, when strange to say he found the words of the hymn—some five verses—to be fresh in his memory, Getting out of bed, be immediately committed the spiritual song to writing. He at once examined the hymn, and was surprised to find that it was one which he had never before seen or heard, and was struck with its beauty, simplicity, and force. At the prayer meetings had last Saturday and Monday evenings in connection with his church, he related to the audience, the singular circumstances surrounding new hymn, repeating the veraes, and singing them to the same tunc which he had been singing while asleep. The tune is a familiar one in many nhnnaies, and «> the congregation had no difficulty in heertuy mingling their voices with their minister in singing this song fresh from. the Iringdom of dreams. We refrain frotn giving further particulars, as we understand thatlhis week's Spectator will famish the details 01 the dretun, the words of the hymn, and periiape the name of the rev. gentleman who imported it from the world of shadows." - This paragraph excited considerable interest at tha time; and people patiently awaited lie appearauoe "of the next inue of the Wedeyan organ, which '^contained the following letter from the lev. .gentleman alluded tot- • • SOKCS ts XBE NIGHT. "To tbe Bditor of the Spectator and MeOiodia Ghrmudt, — Dear Sir, —Shortly after retiring torestafew nighte agolfefi ifcto a profound gleep, in the eonraeof which I had amost interesting -dream. I dreamt that Iwas conducting areligionB servioe at •Wesley Church. Puring the service there suddeidy appearal to ns a roll : of -illumined ife^mi<£t »ladder ofgpldln fane. Ou this .ladder.celestial beings were grace&illy; asoending and deecending, and snongst them waa one of peanliar and resplendent beauty. Ax we gated at the sbitang pbesOatenan, a ftenm*nan near wluapered, "This u Jacob's ladder; let ascend. ' ' No,' I teplied, T our duty is rather to Juqg. a fcyinn «ti>nuae to Christ, who is thus gracwnsly reyaidmig Hnmelf.- Taking np the hymn-hOok, and ^wishing to sing a hymn to whioh WBOOUM attach the wellknown and favorite chutns, 'Ilove jem»,yes I do,' Aid I only knew -of two HY«M» IN^^TTATWPUHBATJMNDTHAT inuft Bnan& are I fa»fciyjBB8y)K|a wnto'tSoiroonpap<».»itymn^w}iich I aftenrards aang,:witfa*he nhoroaj ssd intbs emembered every line I had dictated, and, getting out of bed, wrote the whole down on the fly-leaf of a book. I append a copy, without .the slightest alteration either in phraseology or metrical arrangement. I may add that, except a few attempts when a youth at school to translate some lines of Virgil into English verse, I have never in my wakeful hours invoked the aid of the Muse. The insertion in the Spectator of a hymn so singularly produced may be of some psychological and religious interest to many of your readers. I now leave them to draw their own deductions from these'facts, and beg to remain, dear sir, yours truly, „ . JOHN G. MII.I,ABD. Wesley Church, Melbourne." HYMN OF PRAISE TO CHRIST. (Metre—8-7*3.) Jesus! Thou incarnate Saviour! Thou hast bought us with Thy blood, That throughout our whole behavior we might glorify our God. Slay a sense of obligation Bind our grateful Bonis to Itiee, And, receiving Thy salvation. May we from our si as be free. Then, with other captives taken From the proud oppressor's hand, " ewiil through the desert hasten Tin we reach the better land. Jesus : Thou art still, as ever. Girded with Thy righteous sword: And Thy people none shall sever, righting for their common Lord. Jesus 1 show us now some token - Otaif wondrous strength to save— , Break off fetters—cheer hearts broken; O er the world 1 hy banner wave. I was present at the two prayer meetings at which the Bev. J. G. Millard made known the extraordinaiy circumstance above related, and I joined in the singing of the beautiful hymn toafavorite tuneof the rev. gentleman's, namely, "I'm a pilgrim, bound for glory.' Since then, I have often thought that as Mr Millard succeeded so well in composing a hymn ip his sleep, he might venture toinvoke the Muse in hiB wakeful momenta. Well, I was much pleased to find in a local journal tbe_ other week some lines from his pen in praise of Tasmania, in which colony he is now laboring. mania is as follows:— Tre dwelt in many lands, I've gazed on lovely scenes, But one there is transcends H1B poem in eulogy, of Tas E'en fancj"s gloi*3ng dreams. Tasmania, eem of southern sea. My harp Is tuned to sing of thee. , Xand of feeaaty, land of health, Land of patriots, land of wealth, Land of rivers,la&es;, and plains; Land of snow on mountain chains; Land of floral shrub and tree, Nature's sweetest poetry! • - Land of hedra rows, bright and green, Such as nowhere else are seen; Land of gold ami silver ore. Hidden long iu nature's store; Land where nobis men are found; Land where social joys abound; Lind of maidens, lair and pure. Sought by swains of .distant shore, For their virtues, known afar, Shine with ravs of brightest star; Lnnd of ^temples everywhere Vocal with thesonnd of prayer, Sending up, to God above. Strains ot erstitude and love; Land »f culture; land of art, BeanLiful in every part, With thy charms so great and rare. What to thee can we compare? Tasmania, gem of southern sea, Eden alone surpasses thee." The enthusiasm and euphony of these beautiful lines suggest the idea that Mr Millard must have dipped his pen in Sir Walter Scott's ink-pot— For the (treat Wizard's lyre Has set him on fire*. Be that as it may, the poem does credit to Mr MiUard'e head and heart; and however much I may differ with the Wesleyans in the present controversy on the subject of baptism, I must frankly admit that they are in a position to claim for their denomination what no other denomination will undertake to produce. What is that? A minister who has composed poetry both asleep and awake 