tuxtsatttx na» tutor.*. .TjfSSSB Aoewcft. i» iho rt^titiit «f ih* V«in4 ?i^Jt^«^5^|^^g^^An^wHo M forehead, the shasUr mark ot a miraenlona escape from death. Eveyybodywho noticed the long red line, looked a second and third time, and looking, suggested thjit the miri had something Interesting in his niatory. jAn iai' quiry at ;the desk, revealpd^ha fact that ha was a New York journaliflt/^ho cditotof the OaiinnomUt, and that his Damp was John J. Kerapsteri' TJpoh' eolidtatiiSS. Mfci?Kempsler' told a reporter tho story of the wound. It occurred whQo was duck shooting in New Jersey, on tho 23rd of September, 1880. Said Mr. Kcmpster : 'I wandered into the marshes about a mile and & half from tho little village, and finally obtained argood, shot at a fiocfe-of ducks who went; Bwimtning in a ahaBow slough. I fired, and that was the -last I re membered for sometime. When I: recovered consciousness, I w&a; lying flat on my back ; the sun beating dowfton me. Iknowthatlwas wounded, but for many minntos could not im-', ogino where the injury. was. Better senso. camo to mo slowly, and .with it strength. I felt something trickling down my forehead, and, patting tip my hand, touched a thin coating, that proved to be mingled blood and brains. Then I understood that the gun had' exploded or discharged, itself through tho, breech, and something had penetrated my forehead. I raised my hand a second time, and felt tho smaller end of a brccchpin pro truding from my head. I immediately thought all was up, and commenced to moke my peace wjth Goa in prayer. I grew stronger and more conscious of my condition howevet, and in tho hope of securing medical aid that might save my life, I struggled to my feet. A heaviness, as it my brain cavity was loaded with lead, was all that I suffered. Every thing appeared natural to me ; tho trees, tho shrubbery, and the marshes, and oven the path I had taken, was distinct to my mind. I was even thoughtful enough to take up tho broken gun and examine it. The stock was separated from tho barrels— imbedded in my brain was tbo absent brcechpiu. 'I walked bock to the village. It seemed on age before I got there, the invisible weight on my head bending mo to tho gronnd. I never rested though, but kept on, with only a vague hope for lifo encouraging me. When I arrived at the hotel where I was stopping, the people seeing me, fled as if a ghost were approaching through the daylight. When I told the clerk to go for a surgeon, he stood as if palsied. I grew mad, and shouted to him to find a surgeon or I should die, and then I fell to the floor speechless. I was again un conscious until the operation had been per formed, and the iron pin was taken oft my brain. It was a bungling pieco of work, two country physicians, who knew as much about surgery as I do of Choctaw, hacking and hewing, and sawing my head until they had opened it, as you can see, more than two and a half inches. Then I was put on the train and sent to Now York. Until unconscious ness came to my relief again, I was in the most terrible agony, my brain aching as though a thousand daggars were piercing it. I remember being placed in thtf hospital am bulance; the remarks of bystanders that I could not live ; the jolting noise through tho streets; the ringing of the ambulance bell, which sounded liko a death-knell to mo ; and after that, all was blank. It was several days before I came to, and well I recollect the first query I made to the doctor : ' Was, there any probability that my fife would be safe?' Four months afterward I was once more at my desk, grinding away as if my brains were intact.' Where tha breochpln entered Mr. Kemp ster's head, there is a space of about half an inch in diameter, where the cuticlo touches the brain, and moves with each pulsation ot the organ. A cutting of the skin would ex pose the brain. — Denver (Col.) Tribune. 