j SPORTING INTELLIGENGE. , . THE CAULFIELD MEETING. ["BY TELEGRAPHJ (FROM OUR SPECIAL REPORTER.) MELBOURNE. THURSDAY. The Spring campaign will be fairly commenced at Caul- field on Saturday, when there is every promise of large fields and excellent racing. Proceedings will begin with the Selling Plate, for which Kanaka looks about the most trustworthy, unless the Ghost runs up to his private form. The Hurdle Race is very open, and even now it is hard to pick a certain (starter out. At the weights, Red Rover, Discount, and Morry Maid may divide the honours. The South Australian filly', Biz Bis, appears to be about the host of the rather moderate lot engaged in the Great Foal Stakes, and she may have most trouble with Amelia, Victoria, and Precious Stone. The Caulfield Guineas bids fair to be a great race between GucssAvork, Fryingpan, Transferred, and Hceln, and if the firstnamed, who is miller a bad-tempered follow, be in a racing humour, he must take a deal of boating. He has been going particularly well since his arrival from Adelaide, and he looks healthy, muscular, and well. Fryingpan is one mass of muscle, and has evidently undergone a thorough preparation, and, if he runs up to his private trials. will be very hard to beat. Hecla appears to be even better than she was at Randwick and the friends of Transferred are very- confident. I do not know whether Boolka has arrived yet, but he is said to be very well, and may give trouble. The race promises to be very fast, and Guesswork, Fryingpan, Hecla, and Transferred may come home as named. Eric may- win the Challenge Cup, and the places for the Toorak Handicap may go to Larpent, Dougalston, and Stockdale. Latest getting Caulfield Guineas: 9 to 2 Guesswork. Maribyrnong riots: 10 to 1 Norma. Other prices as previously' quoted. Sweet William, Navigator, and Gudarz have arrived and Paul. Lohengrin, the Chrysolite filly, the Guns filly, the Rose d'Amour colt, the Lady colt, and the Cascade colt are expected to-morrow. Mr. Wentworth's horses and Creswick are expected on Friday. last 