A mvsssijON ^was suddenly caused by one of the youngsters saying, apropos of nothing—' Father, the spool? Ib still in the poort'—thB 'spook' meaning the ghost. * What V I exclaimed; upon which the youngster repeated hia remark, and 1 learned for some time past a ghost had haunted a certain poort througli the neighboring hills. He did not seem to be a - visible -ghost, but several of the . assembled company averred that they had on various nights, heard unearthly noises in the pass,* and chat no horse could be induced to go through it. My curiosity was aroused, and I declared my determination to go and interview the spook if possible. . A Boer is not generally iruely brave at heart but no man can enjoy seeing what he considers bravery exhibited by another more than a Boer does, hence great were the ecomiunis showered on. me by those ; assembled. My horse was forthwith saddled, and ' my host himself offered to show me the way to the baunted poort. The night was pitch dark; there was not -even.,a star to be seen through the heavy canopy of clouds tha«. overhung us, and we. could not attempt any pace faster than a- walk ; but my guide knew the yeldt well, and our nags were sure-footed and alive to the necessity of being on the lookout for holes, so. we got on better j than might have been expected until the hills, which at first seemed like a black wall in front of ns, began to take shape, ' and-T:'heard the gurgling of the river which made its way through the poort. There was no road, only'a, bridle path but' little need, and the horses slipped and scrambled as they dipped to. the sharp | descent which was to lead. ns to the only ford,, at the .other side of which a narrow and stony, path, wound along through , thick brushwood and under overhanging rocks and trees. A.t that moment a most unearthly cry, something, between a moan and a yell,;! rang through the silence of the night; ' Yoq bear it ?' gasped my companion, with difficulty mastering his horse, who had-swerved and tried to turn sharp round.. • I can go no farther.' ■At the same instant his horse wheeled, and in doing so struck mine. The animal, already startled, reared, and when I had mastered him I found myself alone. It now bethought me. of what I was. to do; My horse was thoroughly frightened and I did not like the idea of forcing him down the steep bank in the stormy bed 0" i liver, only to Iiave him possibly still further terrified when his footing would be insecure on the other side. There was evidently something mysterious i about the cry, for it was not the cry of i any wild beast, and I thought I should j (he likely to find my poor horse rather in ' my way ifl wished to fathom the mystery, j 1 therefore determined to lead him a little way back, and if I could not find the trier who had accompanied me, to leare j liim to his own devices, whilst I engaged m my adventures. I halloed aloudr and ' presently beard a response. Mv friend had got a long way off, but after a loud conversation, he was induced to approach the dreaded spot and take charge of my horse. He told me that if I was deter mined to go on, he would fetch some of the men from the house, and that they would make a fire at a little distance and wait for me. Taking my rifle, a small revolver, and a iittle lamp, with me, X started once more. The wafer reached nearly to my knees a* I waded through the river; but I had strong riding boots on and I cared but little. Just as I reached tbe bank there arose once more that weird crv It seemed to come from above, from around me, and there was something so unearthly so mournful, so despairing in the sound, that even whilst I told myself that my senses were deceived by the echoes of the surrounding hills, I felt'my blood curdle. I stopped when I reached the top of the bank. Thick darkness was around me and solemn stillness. I waited for about a quarter of an hour, until my heart beat painfully, with suspense and a vague awe. Then again came that mournful wail. \- This time I thought that I could localise it. It seemed to proceed from the hill side above me. Pushing the brushwood aside I crept stealthily upwards, some times slipping, sometimes crawlino- on hands and knees, often pausing to listen, biit all was still save i«>r tbe rippling of the water below. At last the cry ran^ out again, I was on the right track !. My breath came quickly from suppressed? agi tation but I still crept forward and up ward. - .1 was near the rocky summit of the hill now. Suddenly 1 heard a low moaning. I paused, then stealthily approached the spot whence it proceeded It was so dark under the brushwood that I could see nothing, and pistol and rifle would alike have beeimseless in case" of danger, but I had unsheathed my hunting knife and held it in my hand. There wis a rustle, a rush, and the next moment 1 was rolling in mortal struggle with some fierce creature down the hillside. I gave it one desperate thrust with my knife, and wrenching myself loose I heared my crash through the bushes, untill a yelTof pain and rage mingled with the thud of a heavy body falling oil sotue pro jection; that had arrested its downward course. This time I knew that the cry was from some animal in distress. Scrambling to my feet I lit my lamp, and J5iay1 groped ™y way along the track of the creature's fall until I saw caught on a tangled mass of roots of trees that had been torn away in some Ion* past storm from whence they grew, the shade of ajarge gaunt dog, the picture of famme-and despair. Blood was trickling from the wound in the side, and blood was dripping from the jaws where he had ■J^?1 lacerated by the thorns and stones lie iiad rolled through and over. ■ As the gleam of my lantern caught his hazard eye he raised his head, and fixed on me a look of defiant woe and desolation which 1 shall never forget. Then I spoke to him, and the defiance melted away, he even let me touch him and staunch the blood issuing from the Tr^ Vlr3 inflicted- At that ■ moment I16, *~ODJr animals must often Th»f^ n l j ng able speak to us. J St l I t a Story to tell, and could i nnilfU mu With his pathetic eyes, j SSi'? ® d3'inS- Pulling off \- Hn VorQ tfae the latter mto strips, and bandaged his wound as well as I could. I placed the lanteru be- ; side him so as wnvgy the idea to him that' himeah f CTC ^ac^8,ld ** 1 tressed jun^ before leaving him he licked my Thentaking the sound of the water for my guide,_ I made for the ford as quicklyas Xconld. When I reaehed the impromptu en-! eampment of the Boers I found them in story served only to bewxlderthem. but they acquiesced in proposition that wa must fay to save ' the dog, if on1y-ter<SIfdfeavoli> through him to fathom the mystery which still clung to my adventure. It was near dawn when I suggested that two of them should accompany ine when I returned to the dog, whilst the others should return to the farm to arrange some, sort of litter on which che poor beast could be removed from where he lay to quarters more likely to conduce to his recovery. . By the time my two companions and I reached the scene of my night's work, the day had broken, and the heavy mist was beginning to rise. The dog was still alive and wagged liis tail feebly in acknowledgement of my presence. He seemed better after he had lapped some water which I brought for hiui in .a pannikin I had borrowed from one of the Boers, and out of which they had been drinking coffee which they brewed to keep up their spirits during the midnight watch. I then proposed to ray companions that we should search the spot where I had first enconntered him, for it appeared to ine that he must havejmen-a self-consti tuted guard of something"which 1 sus pected would prove to be a corpse. Act ing on this suggestion iwe toiled through the bushwood until, close to the foot of the rocks which crowned -the summit- of the hill, we at last discovered where lay half a Kaffir. The body had evidently - been buried carefully, but'the ground had been scratched' away, doubtless by the poor dog. The skull of the corpse was beaten in apparently by some heavy instrument", and "there was old stains of blood on the shirt. My companion told me that the path through the wood was a little used short cut on the road to the diamond fields, and our supposition was that the poor fellow had been murdered and robbed on "his return from working, and perhaps for pilfering diamonds /there. If so his love for riches had cost him dear. There was nothing on him to indentifv him by. —All the Tear Sound. 