SPORTING GOSSIP. IJ BY HERMIT. THE A.R.e. autumn meeting commences to-day, continuing on next Thursday, and winding upon this day week, The principal feature of to-day- is the St. Leger, which is not likely to bring out a large field, as by- this time of the year the three-year-olds have generally pretty well found their level. The Derby winner, Darebin, is first favourite, Commotion and Corio lands being held next in esteem, and I should fancy that over this distance Commotion was the more reliable of the two, though if Royal Maid were wound up to concert pitch I would as soon stand higher as either of them, despite her small size. She is bred to stay-, and has on several occasions given proofs of her excellence. AVhcatcar was not entered for this race, which is to be regretted ; however, the A. J.C. St. Leger will give him another chance to redeem the character which he in a great measure lost by his running in the Champion Race ; nevertheless, I think that on that occasion he was not nearly so well as many of his friends imagined he was. Koh-i-noor is a good colt, and seems to be an improving one, and one or two others may put in an appearance, but I expect either Commotion or Royal Maid will win. The Australian Cup is run on Thursday, and, judging by' present appearances, there will be a good number of starters, and, as there do not scemtohave been any very prominent favourites, it looks as if the race was a very open one. Saunterer has received a great deal of attention, and, without doubt, he has been very leniently handicapped. First Water won so easily last year that 8st. 8lb. should not put him out of it, and Bosworth at 7st. 12lb., if in his old form, reads particularly well. If Coriolanus were really the champion colt of the year, 7st. 8lb. would seem like a very light impost for him of this, however, I have some doubt, and I much prefer Royal Maid at -lib. less ; while Koh-i-noor also should have more than an average show. Sweet William is, I see, spoken of as a likely horse to turn up, and such an eventuality would in no way' surprise me, as when he was taken away' from Queensland he was a remarkably fine-looking colt, and, both" so closely related to both Chester and Grand Flaneur, it would not be any' wonder that he should turn out well, nevertheless, over this severe course, it is safer to rely on a tried animal. On his Geelong Cup running Week should have a good show, and, if Mamelukes running with Melbourne in the AA'estof Queensland was anything like the true form of the latter, he has had his bridle taken off. I never saw him run, but his performances certainly warranted a heavier impost than Ost., and it is dangerous to take liberties. The ones I like best are First Water, Royal Maid, Koh-i-noor, Saimterer, Bosworth, AVcen, and Mameluke and of those I lean most towards Royal Maid and Koh-i-noor. With the Newmarket Handicap I hardly care to meddle, but it almost looks as if Aspen were each year trained for this event alone. She has already won it twice in succession, and at 8st. 8lb. would have had a rare chance of accomplishing the victory for a third time ; however, I hear that she has gone wrong. Of the rest, nothing looks more worthy of support than Surrey'. Lady Emma has been again performing successfully in New Zealand, having placed the Dunedin Cup to her credit. She is by Yatten- don out of the imported mare May- Fairy-, and is full sister to one of the fillies purchased last year by Mr. Finnie, now a two-year-old. . My Fancy-, it will be remembered, was purchased by Mr. Kellett. The Surat Jockey Club races have been fixed to take place on 3rd and 4th May I understand that several entries for the Logan Handicap arrived after the time of closing, which is a pity. However, owners have only themselves to blame, as they have no excuse for putting off entering until the very last moment, and it may be a lesson to them to be more careful in the future. Entries for the Balonne Jockey Club Handicaps close on the 11th instant. The Cooper's Plains Jockey Club have been most successful in collecting money for their gathering on Easter Monday, and they intend putting forward a programme of greater wire tensions than any they have hitherto offered. It is a pity' that they have chosen the same day as the Oxley people for their reunion, as both must suffer by the collision. Could not one or other of these clubs manage to postpone their meeting to some other date The Australasian, in a leading article, complains of the present plethora of racing in Victoria, and as many' of their meetings lately have not been so successful as they' might have been, perhaps they have been having a little too much of it. It is quite certain that in Queensland we have nothing to complain of on that score, and I am afraid it will be a long time before racegoers in this colony will have to cry out that there is too much racing going on to satisfy them. The South Australian Jockey Club are evidently determined to do all that money" can do to render their autumn meeting attractive, and to the Adelaide Cup, which is run on the 11th of May, they have added £1000. The Adelaide Racing Club also have £1000 added to their Birthday Cup. The Glen Innes Jockey Club races are to come off on 4th and 5th April. Time was when the Glen Innes Cup could boast of its thousand sovereigns!) as added money, but racing matters there have sadly dwindled since that time, and the programme of the coming meeting is a very modest affair. I take the following from last Saturday's Australasian "There is not much life in the betting market at the present time, with the exception of the doubles over the Australian Cup and Newmarket Handicap, which vary from 1000 to 10 to 500 to 10s. if not laid. For the cup outright, Suwarrow is nominally first favourite iitlOU to 10 offered, he having received support to win a couple or three thousand at 100 to S, Hesperian probably being next in favour at a 100 to S offered at a point less he would be supported for money. The owner of Saunterer took 1000 to SO about his chance a few days ago, which price is still offered. For the Newmarket Handicap, 100 to 7 is offered on the hold. A couple of thousand was taken about the Ghost lately at 100 to 5, which price is still offered. Steve Mahon has a very useful mare in Elsinore, 4 years, engaged in the Australian Cup ; she has done a good preparation, and on the score of breeding is as good as any thing in the land, being by Horatio Queen of Clubs, by- Ace of Clubs Cleopatra, who was by Boiardo from Bessy' Bedlam, by Corn borough from Austin's Black Bess; but she was only a moderate performer last season in Tasmania." The Barber appears at present to be most in favour for the Hawkesbury Handicap. Of the doings at Randwick "Martindale," writing in the Times and Country Journal, has the following :--" Last Saturday morning I paid a visit to the course at Randwick, and though out early was not soon enough to see the whole of the horses perform that are at work. The tan gallop and inside training track were in use, and both were in good going. The tan gallop was patronised by AVhcatcar, Lord Clifden, Lord Burghley, Kal Kal, Com- motion's sister, Queen's Head, A'anquish, Sir Oliver, and one or two others. Lamond's string were very fresh, though I thought AVhcatcar somewhat light still he was in great heart. Sir Oliver overpowered the boy' and bolted, the boy' coming off, but fortunate')' retained his hold of the reins, consequently no harm was done. Those that I took most notice of on the training track were Segenhoe, Bathurst, Gostywlek, Paragraph, Gloucester, Hecla, Etna, Stella, Merry-go-round, Kcrolite, and Tinderbox. All these performed service- able work for the time, Gloucester and Bathurst were sent a little above half-pace for once round ; both shaped well, but the black horse appeared to like it, and would have gone faster if allowed." to A XKAV and valuable fibre plant is now attract ing attention in America on account of its hardy nature in warm latitudes, and the very durable character of the fibre. The plant is commonly known in the Central Southern States as bear grass, and farther south as the Spanish dagger, ft belongs to the Yacca family, some of which are very common now in Queensland, and would no doubt he quite at home with us if it is not here already. The fibre is represented as being as strong as hemp, and almost as in- destructible as iron, except by fire. Its advantages are briefly summed up as follows c-The plant grows more than 100 years, loses less than one-tenth in cleaning, gives the strongest coarse fibre iii the world, will not shrink when its gets wet in rope, yields largely, requires no cultiva- tion after the third year, and is worth 10 to 15 cents (about oil to 7d.) per pound when cleaned. The material is said to be eminently adapted for the manufacture of bagging and rope. 