CHAPTEB LV. While the two girls stood clasping each other's hand, and thinking of the absent dear one, steps were heard outside. Both girls listened. 'This is the house,' they heard a voice say. Then all was silent. ' Miss White,' said Maggie, ' I feel happier than I have felt for many a day at being of service to one poor Jack, so dearly loves. My advice is to leave the neighborhood as quickly and quietly as you can. I know you require money, but whatever you want I'll lend. Let me do that as some reparation. Don't deny me the privilege of doing something for one I have so injured.' ' I thank you from my heart,' replied Bertha. 'I might have been even more jealous had I known yon were so noble a girl. I have done you an injustice.' ' Bless you for these words,' said Maggie, a bright look coming into her face. ' Oh ! no wonder he loved you, for you are, indeed, an angel.' Another knock came to the door. Both girls started. ' Is Miss White in ?' asked a female voice. Bertha went to the door. A woman with a haggard face, and dressed in rags, stood without. Both Bertha and Maggie gazed at her as if they recognised her. ' Ay, you may stare,' said the woman with a shiver. 'You ought to know me. Don't you know Mrs. Macinnis?' The girls gave a start as if a spectre had appeared to them. 'Don't think I'm a ghost,' said the creature ; ' I wish I was.' ' Impossible,' said Maggie ; ' Mrs. Macin nis died some time ago in the Lunatic Asylum.' ' No, she did not,' replied Prudence ; for this was she ; ' it's a long story, but I haven't time to tell you all about it now. There's a man dying next door, whom both of you know !' ' Who ?' asked both in bewilderment. ' Bunakum,' was the reply. Both stared. Reminiscences of the past, in which this man and woman had played such important parts, came thronging through their minds. Much as Bertha was surprised and confused, she could not but reflect what a narrow escape she had in not marrying Hector Maccinnis. She now saw that man in such a repulsive light that she felt greater terror at the recollection of the look he had given her that evening than at Clack's persecution. What would be the end ? ' You wouldn't have a shilling about you, sweet ladies ?' said the woman ; ' I just want to fetch a drop to comfort the poor old man before he dies. Maggie pulled out- her purse, and gave the crone half-a-crown. How her eyes glittered, ana wnat a iook ot sansiaction came into ner face. ' I'll be back in a moment, and bring you to him,' said she and she darted to the hotel. 'There she goes,' said Maggie, 'seeking more of the poison that has ruined her and that wretched man.' ' How strange all this is, said Bertha.' 'Nothing is strange in this world,' was the reply. ' Look how soundly that girl sleeps. She knows nothing of trouble. Happy, happy girl !' By this time the bundle of rags, whom we suppose we must call a woman, returned, carrying a black bottle, out of which, how ever, she had herself partaken freely, for she stepped lighter, and her eyes beamed. ' Come this way, Miss White,' she said ; ' Oh, won't Bunakum be glad when he sees the drink. It'll put life into him, and perhaps after all he will get over it this time, although I doubt if he'll last the week out.' She opened the door, and the two girls entered the miserable hovel. What a sight was presented to them. On a stretcher lay a wild looking old man. His features were pinched with famine, his eyes were red and bloodshot, and his grey matted hair fell around his shoulders in elf locks. His thin bony fingers clawed the air now and then, as he moaned in agony. He recognised the two women at once, and appeared to feel some relief at their presence. ' Jack, Jack,' said Bunakum feebly ; ' is he with you?' Bertha gazed upon the man with pity. She could hardly realise the extraordinary events that had transpired since she had first seen Bunakuni. Heaven : what a whirl of wonder ful changes and transitions there had been. To think that it had all come to this. 'He is not here,' said Bertha. ' Ah,' said Bunakum, sinking back as if his last hope were gone. 'Where is he? where is he? I must see my boy before I die. I must see him and tell him all.' Bertha now remembered the dark mystery that hung about this man — the mystery which Jack had often told her it was his only desire to fathom. Oh ! that he were here. ' Can't you send for him ?' said Bunakum, fretfully : ' He must come, for my time is short.' 'All right old man,' said Prudence; 'we'll send for him soon, for these kind ladies have money. But just to keep your heart up take a drop.'' How his face brightened when he saw Pru dence pour into a tumbler the dark brandy. Eagerly he seized it, his liand tremhFing lil-p an aspen. How his teeth chattered! But once he had swallowed the draught he seemed inspired with new life. ' More, more,' he asked. ' No, no,' said Prudence ; ' I'll give you some by-and-bye ?' He was not satisfied, and his eye followed the black bottle wistfully. Both Bertha and Maggie shuddered as they saw this. ' This is the end of the drunkard,' said Maggie to Bertha. ' Yes,' replied Bertha ; ' it should be a warning to all.' 'How unavailing!' said Maggie, with a sigh. ' The demon is remorseless. What can we do with this man ?' Bertha could not tell. Her heart yearned to do something for her lover's father, fallen as he was. ' He is dying,' continued Maggie. ' The best thing to do would be to send for his son.' 'How could we send for him?' asked Bertha. ' I wfll despatch a messenger,' said Maggie. Bunakum was looking at them in a rest less, troubled way. ' Ah !' said he at last, ' no one cares for the old man now; his voice falls flatly on the ears of all. But why? Because the ears mat once listened to me are dust and ashes years ago. Yes! the miners of Grit are dead, and it is tune the old man was dead, too. But, send for Jack. He wants ven geance on Hector Macinnis; he shall have it — he shall have it. He wants vengeance on Obadiah Sweetcomfort ; he shall have it — he shall have it. Send for him 1 They come round me, the spirits of the dead and damned — and cry out for my company. Let him come before I join the army that is march ing on to perdition. Old mates are. round me ; but they are now in torment. O, God !. why am I not dead? -Death! hell! any* tiling, rather than this !' And he shrieked in agony, and covered his face with his hands. Vain effort; how can we shut out that which is within ourselves 1 ' This man has some terrible secret on his mind,' said Maggie, ' and he must see Jack. Come Bertha, let us leave him. Here, Mrs. Macinnis; take this, it will assist you for a while.' And handing Prudence a sovereign Maggie drew Bertha out of the house. They did not notice the chuckle that worthy gave. As for Bunakum, he shrieked when the girls left ; but Bertha soothed him with the assurance that he would see Jack soon. Bertha found her father up, in a very ex cited state. 'What do you think?' said he in sharp tones, so very different from his usual utter ances ; ' I dreamed that I saw that wretch Bunakum come up to my bedside, when I was asleep, and I heard his voice plainly. When I woke I thought I heard him again. Can he be hereabouts, Bertha ?' She ? soothed him, and and waking up the nursegirl, sent her to bed. Maggie now bade her good-night. 'Keep up your heart, Miss White,' she said ; ' I will send a message for Jack by the first train. Ail will be welL' ' Well,' repeated Maggie as she went home. ' Well ! No, no, not with me. They will at least be happy, while I — I — ' And her companions for the first time, agreed that Maggie was in very bad spirits. Bertha hardly slept that night. She knew that her position was one of great difficulty — almost alone and helpless in a great city with only one friend, and that friend her former rival, Maggie. 