THE FIRST DAT AT OAULFIELD By Auqub. To-day the public of Australia will have an opportunity of witnessing some of the best sport that has ever taken place in Victoria, and should the elements prove propitious, no doubt there will be a large assemblage to enjoy the bill of fare provided by the V. A. r.C. The card contains six events, the first being a Selling Race,in which 14 areengaged.thisnum ber including some speedy animals,such as The Ghost, Kanaka, Scipio, and Breeze; and this introductory item certainly looks a good thing for Kanaka, and, in his absence, Sterl ing or Vnltnre. The Hurdle Race iB likely to produce a most interesting contest; Red Rover and Gambler will meet at a difference of lib. in favour of the latter, and as the distance is further than the M.H.C. Hurdle Race, the latter would seem to have the beBt of it, but if the ches nut be made less use of it is quite probable that he will turn the tables. There are bthers, however, that will have something to say to these two, and among them are P.G., Blue Bell, Zanga, and Annie Laurie. On Dun dreary'e form Red Rover and Gambler should hold Sportsman safe enough, and, excepting Ur. Hardiman's horse, I do not see anything very dangeroos among the light-weight divi sion ; and, believing in horses that are in form, I expect to see Red Roveb, Gambles, and Dhdkbingile fill the places. The Great Foal Stakes should attract a field of nearly 20 yonngsters, several of whom have already appeared in pnblic, though the only winner amongst the lot is Mr. Gordon's Bis Bis, by Countryman from Miss Hislop. This smart little filly won a two-year-old race in Adelaide, and her relative Hurricane, who appears in the list, also performed fairly well. Quality, who will represent Mr. Pear son, ran pretty forward when she figured at Caulfield, and so did Lyons Lady at Fleming ton last Saturday. Mr. Pearson's second re presentative, Dazzle, is spoken highly of, and the St. Albans stable will be pretty strong, as it has Signor and Precious Stone to do battle for it. Which is the better of the pair 1 cannot say; but whatever it may be, no doubt it will give a good account of itself. X bear good accounts of Tabletop, who Is being prepared at Wiltiamstown, and we have already seen King of the Forest run second in a two- year-old race at Caul field, and as I look for some improve ment in him, he shonld be placed among the dangerous division, though, as there, ate so many that have not yet appeued in public, it is difficult indeed to select a pro-, bable winner. However, I've a fancy lor Precious Stone, Kino on the Fobsst, Bis Bis, and Ltonb Lady, The Caulfield Guineas will introduce to the Victorian pnblic several candidates for Derby, honours, and as it is believed that a line for tbe great event of the V.R.C. will be obtained through this contest, the result will be looked for with more than ordinary anxiety. Tbe following are the probable starters Pedigree. Jockey. Aide-de-camp. Prytay Pan ,. Imemaeter . Mosfidk Tim WklflUP-KlUvney ..Ifi ,r BelhulOreea—SeooepM ft. Powor Tubal Celn-Ooqoette „ Oraokuell Stoekham—Reetwlng 8 Davis fahel flaln—Ommtae .. But " Tubal Oeln—Gnrnbi Taitaedoa-fr-IiQiidouPride Boolka „ (Merlons—Bridget j TraMterad - lMaiibyrogng--Lad; MaribyrDpng—lAdyEUaa MlB. .« Dttnta-Q. *.!>•.. OiMi'TTn Bair M. OBrise WOarey '•JHerer Ratrllogr" tr.Mmsky« P.Pfcott toner Aldbde-cftmp, b»t iPxyiios-1 f M pan *b undoubtedone of the most brilliant colta in Australia, and if he runs up to the form he has displayed in private he will gallop* very fast mile. Last year he won the V.A.T.C. Foal Stakes very cleverly, so that he should be all at home over the course. He has wintered wonderfully well, and has im proved as much as anything I have seen this season. Ironmaster has appeared in public but once, and that was at Geelong, when he finished fourth in the race won bo easily by Little Jack. Upon that occasion, how ever, Mr. Whittingham'a colt was far from fit, and when he returned to the Eaddock he blew like a grampus. Since then e has done plenty of work in company with L&rpent; and Attache, bnt he has not created a favonrable impression among the watchers at Flemington. Like his relative Coriolauus, he ib a lazy goer, and it iB just possible that when> he gets the colours up he will Bhow a vast improvement upon his private form. Although he is a trifle short,he has immensely powerful loins, and weight will not trouble aim much. My opinion is that be will some day astonish those who have pronounced bim a moderate, and it may be in one of the great races of the year. Norfolk may be outclassed, but Calma is a colt for whom I have always entertained a fancy. He is bred like a racehorse, and shapes like one, but whether he is capable of coping with the cracks that have already appeared in public remains to be proved. His friends bold him in great esteem. Omelette is a useful filly, but I doubt if ehe is quite forward enough to have a Bhow of success against the thoroughly- seasoned animals that will oppose her in the Guineas. Last season Boolka ran like a colt of high class, the style in which he won the Juvenile Stakes at the V.A.T.C. Summer meeting causing him to be regarded as one of the best colts of the sea son. He gave Bassanio 51b. and beat him, and others behind him were Sylvanus and Allander. On New Year's Day he ran third in the Normanby Stakes, Fryingpan, Guess work, Transferred, and Morpeth being behind him ; and on the same day he came out with 9st. upon his back and ran second to Al lander, 7st. 101b., in the Criterion Stakes. Then at the V.R.C. Autumn meeting he ran second to Navigator in the Ascot-vale Stakes, beating Solitude, Allander, Transferred, Guesswork, Hecla, and others. It will be seen, then, that Boolka has performed re markably well, and on public form he is en titled to eome respect. Report sayeth that he has begun to show signs of temper, and if this be true I shall have nothing to do with him for this event. Transferred had a great reputa tion at St. AlbanB last year, but he Bhaped so badly in public that Mr. Branch sold him to Mr. Weeks for 150 sovs., and the latter had the good luck to win a stake worth over 400 bovb. in Adelaide, Footstep, Transferred, Guesswork, and others finishing at his heels. Here was a first-class performance, and as he has improved considerably, why should he not be able to hold his own at C&ulfield; to-day? It would be galling indeed to Mr. Branch to see the St. Albans cast-off vic torious over Mistaken, but it is quite probable that he will finish in front of both. Mistaken is a performer of aome merit, as his victory in the Trial Stakes at Randwick testified; and the party behind him seem to believe in bim. Guesswork's brilliant performance in the S.A.J.C. Derby was satisfactory proof of hiB ability as a three year old. Last season he displayed excellent form by running a dead heat with Navigator for second place in the Maribyrnong Plate, and afterwards he won the V.R.C. Pro duce Stakes and a race at Geeloug, but, like Navigator, he went off later in the autumn. His form has now returned to him, and to-day he will give as a specimen of his Sowers, though it must not be forgotten that e has a temper of bis own, and if any thing should occur to ruffle it be may decline to show his true form. Hecla is another whoBe public performances this season have been of a brilliant cha racter, though Bhe was easily defeated by Navigator. Her victories at Hawkesbury and Randwick cannot be readily forgotten, and if she be qnite herself to-day the blue and white banner of the Hon. James White should play a very prominent part in the contest for the Caulfield Guineas. Ac cording to public form ehe should hold Saionara safe enough. One has some diffidence iu making a selection from so many performers of almoBt equal merit, bnt all things considered I think Mr. Pear son's colt has improved more than anything I have seen, and, therefore, I shall give my vote for FRYINGPAN. And if a surprise is iu store, Calma may be the hero thereof. The Victoria Amateur Cup will give the non - professionals another opportunity of sporting silk. The weights point to Stab light and Erin as the best of those engaged, and if they Btand up oue or the other should win. The Toorak Handicap is likely to attract a large field, and after Saturday's running I see nothing better than Larpxnt and Thk Hebrew, and next to these I like Stock dale and Verdure. 