OCR PREACHERS.;,y . , \- ,)?) all ( ,- j THE VERY REV. PRIOR BUTLER.' It would have been in that eternal I fitness of things," as Carlyle phrased it, could our pen-and-ink sketch of the Bishop of Tasmania have (been raining diately followed by a delineation of the Bishop of Hobart. In the first place, the ' religious body of which Bishop Murphy is the Overaoer,'<-ranks'noxt in numerical importance to the 'j Church of England among the denominations, of the colony, and moreover Bishop Murphy completes with Bishop Bromby the Episcopacy proper of the island) limited 68, it is to two Bishops, It had been our wish to have turned theJtom'airCathoHo Bishop on this occasion, but on Sunday, lost the right rev. gentleman was in the North, and we were in the South. We could not therefore take his portrait, which, however, we hope to obtain in' due course. ,.',,' i On Sunday' morning 'last we satin St. Mary's Cathedral admiringly quietly graceful outline, and listening to a well-delivered sermon front the Rev., Father Shaffrey, a young, fair complexioned,' blue eyed Carmelite Father, of considerable, promise in the direction of pulpit oratory. 'when the evening we heard, in the late Roman Catholic pro-Cathedral St'. J Joseph's Church, one of the leading preachers in the antipodes, The Very Rev. Prior Butler, of the Carmelite Order, . , i Ay (. , j \- The scene in St Joseph's Church as the ceropioniouB Latin service proceeds this Sunday evening is an imp 'preBsive'nnd'suggestivo one." Could we look from the cedar pulpit that hangs suspended in mid-air from the western wall, At the upper end of the church, and turn; ing our gaze from the low, coloured, open roof, and the plainly plastered walls, let the, orcs, wander observant among the congregation, we could not fail to perceive the wave lines of Milesian origin that almost invariably appear on the sea of faces ' below ' There is scarcely an Anglo Saxon face to be i searched out! The countenances of men, women, and children are those of the nation that has St. Patrick for its patron saint, and the shamrock for resemble!; the people that through good' and ill report have cleaved to the faith of the Roman Church Dividing the body of St. Joseph's 'Church from the sanctuary, of the congregation a portion from the priestly, is a handsome cedar i screen across which, in sight of the , congregation, are the words of the Psalmist, "I have lovedM0 Lord, the beauty of Thy temple and the place where Thy glory dwelleth." Within the Bttnatuary are two 'priests,' two acolytes, and a murder, or incense bearer. A , short distance from the northern wall are the three I altars-the High altar, and on the right side the altar of the Sacred Heart,' and on the left the altar of the Blessed Virgin. All three are laden with vases of flower»,'and»iiumberless candles, of which only a half-dozen or so are yet lighted. On - the wall, behind and above the altar, are three brightly coloured paintings, the centrepiece representing the Ascension, the right side piece St. Joseph, and the left; side piece the Virgin and Child. u To the right of the sanctuary are visible some ten sad-looking, black-! draped figures in the nuns' choir, who join in the rich harmonies that come from organ and choir, stationed in the gallery at the lower end of the church. :, t -, A j -> 'With crossings and genuineness ; with the burning of a fragrant incense that soothes the senses and dulls; the brain, and breathing its gentle essence to qU pulls, of the building, at the same time gathers into a dreamy vapour around the aeutro'painting on the HOT Hiern wall, so that the Son of Man would seem to be ascending heavenwards in a mystical moving cloud ;' with Latin vocalism and with Latin prayer the service] proceeds. Then, when half-an-hour has passed, there is a pause and a hush and, in the' stillness,' a door set' in the wall behind the pulpit opens,. and the preacher] enters from the exterior of the buildings 'n' He is tall and as he looks down upon the congregation, has the appearance of one accustomed to think and, disposed to command.' The general expression of the countenance is a blending that bespeaks a thoughtful mind, an authoritative disposition, and a kindly heart., The face is not physiognomioally handsome, yet it at once arrests attention, and without displeasing the material eye, gratified the mental by its powerful 'characterisation! though there is one disappointing, indication of weakness, of which were anon.' , The forehead is' high, finely marked, and rises somewhat pointedly.) likes owner; perhaps from that hard study which is a weariness to the flesh, is already in this, his 38th or 39th year, inclining to baldness. (The hair to be seen round the sides of the head is a dark brown, and cropped short.' ''The eyebrows are light-brown, and ex ends of darker hue smell somewhat small eyes, that appear of a light hazel. The glance in quick and I penetrating, 'nndnthere,isi»»particularly perceptive) and " circulating " expression about the organs i of sight Mmt^jivould^loadi,one to gauge the Under merits alone" apt tosses his opportunities for speech or action, and apt to take prompt advantage of a ' them. Theirs is 'a strong). irregular feature, I adhere one might expect, in the face of a man of individuality of.okarn.ter, and inquisitive in dispo I sitiou,-,unJngtho latter cxpresBion'in a broad sense and a Wro'g'ards'lea'ining. "His individuality may counteract the weakness of will seemingly expressed by the mouth when the muscles of the face are at rest Seemingly, 1 for the dividing space between the lips may arise from nervous exhaustion after hard work rather than indicate want of firmness in purpose. When the face is in action the appearance of weakness leaves it but the lips are then at times comprised with such compul- sion that the idea of a want of firmness is increased, for real strength would find a calmer and less nervous expression. His countenance is an essentially intellectual, although not a spiritual face. t s Repeating in solemn tones the pulpit formulary of his Church, "In the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost," the Carmelite Prior reads, as is customary, the Gospel for the day, comprising that portion, the 8th chapter of St. Matthew narrating the reward, of the faith of the leper and of the centurion. The sermon that follows is on Faith and is a master-piece of ' powerful oratory, of strenuous reasoning in support of the cardinal requirement of the Roman Church, implicit ' obedience to her, teaching and of a indignant refuta- tion, successful or unsuccessful according to the religious'view'»of his bearers of the claim advanced for the exercise in religion of private judgment, for the free play of liberty of thought in regard to religious beliefs. The brown eyes wander for' a moment ajpoiiHi then seated' below, and seemingly searches out one, and another and then the preacher confidences in a voice, clear, full, and measured. One quickly detects in his 'speech the Irish, accent. AS he proceeds,"he'»peak» moro'rapidly,''but never hurriedly, and warming with his subject, is eloquent, not only in word, but in look and in action, The arms are extended, upraised, or thrust down in sympathy with the thoughts enunciated ; while the facial expressions equally change with the varying moods of the speaker. Without notes to agaist the memory, t the tongue, responsive toitheimentol'activity that is rich in ideal production, gives forth an unbroken flow of clear, choice language,; the powers of fine i oratory are aided by some at least of the rhetoricians ' party; and emphasising where "emphasis is required , with voice, with facial expression, and wittftappro 1 prelate action, Prior Butler gives an exposition' of his time that has the true ring of tactful tipqpaáMj and I quite. C iaaq-MnA ,offlH-»_33 yet to Protestant Years gives out also the tones of subtle errors and specious sophistries. Not so, however, in the ears of his auditors, who hang upon his every sentence, drink in the essence, and are refreshed and strengthened in their faith by its properties. The preacher puts the crucial question before himself and bearers, "What is faith?' Is it, he asks, in tones of enquiring negation a thing we can get of ourselves, merely the understanding of that which we can know and grasp by the intellect J Quoting St. Paul's words that faith is the substance of things hoped for Prior Butler with raised voice and extended arms, declares that faith is the pure spontaneous gift of God, and that it is the obedience of the understanding to God. He assails the doctrine that belief in Christ is sufficient for salvation, and that all men have to do is to believe in Christ and with a mien and vice of indignant protest, declares that if this were Faith ; if this were Religion, God would not be God. To merely believe that Christ died for them, and to lead a sinful life, would lead them on to destruction, as it had done millions. Holding up to bitter condemnation the tenet that anything the mind of man cannot grasp must be rejected, and that the great rule in the judgment of all things is that of private judgment and of reason, he argues that the things of the infinite Almighty are above the comprehension of frail men. Indireotly championing, on this ground, the credibility of the Church's miracles, he makes another and ance, and lays down the cardinal position Faith is acceptance on authority of a belief in something we cannot understand. That authority cannot be of min ; it can only be of God speaking in the flesh, or of His infallible interpreter, the Church. Man's intellect must be submitted to this authority. Here we have the keystone on which the preacher, defiantly of possible heretical accusation of subtlety and criticism of sophistry, built up an arched shrine dedicated to Faith, and an Obedience to the dogmas of the Infallible Church. The congregation that viewed the work of building deemed the masonry well Bet, the ornamentation rich, and the work of the master builder wonderfully wrought. Ja Tire Prior displayed his expository power in dilation upon the virtues of the Roman centurion" faith, its humility,' firmness, and hope. He made effective use of antitheses, and a contrast drawn between the frailty of finite man and the great- ness of the Almighty was finely made, The bold and uncompromising character of his ex- hortations and warnings may best be judged from his own, words Demolishing the stronghold of self desert and misplaced confidence in which those Catholics take refuge who think that a profession of the Faith is enough for this world and the next, the Prior, with resonant voice, upraised arms, flashing eyes, and cheeks aglow, poured for Mr the following denuncia- tion :-" Many a Catholic, how many I have heard I boast of having the faith, who yet lead lives not only of heathens, but of demons. Their conduct is a disgrace to their religion, their faith is but to them the mark of eternal reprobation in hell.! Many a one who is of the Catholic Faith, is no exaggeration or rash judgment to say it-many a one brought up in the Catholic Faith, when the last day shall come will find himself condemned to eternal misery, while others, not of the Faith, and outcasts, because of their good and their moral lives, and' that they have striven to do the will of God, shall sit down in the Kingdom of Heaven. The Faith will not save us unless it makes itself apparent in good works in the lives we lead; for faith without works is dead.' " After warning them that a do no-evil life was not sufficient that their religion must be something more than a nega- tion, he concluded a grand discourse by a peroration of rare beauty. Turning and pointing to the effigy of the crucified Saviour hanging upon the screen cross, he invoked those present to a life of faith and good works and then, by another motion of face and arm, turned the gaze of the congregation upon the painting representing the Ascension of Christ, while in a strain of blended pathos and triumph he reminded them of the dying consolations of those who should die in the Faith, and the joy of the final healing from the disease of sin, when thoyBuouldbe made bright, glorious, and fit for the Kingdom of Heaven, i' More incense, ceremonial worship, Latin prayers, and beautiful music, and we passed out of the Catholic Church, where preached in years past the jocose, kindly Connolly, who deemed it no sacrilege to use a common brush with which to sprinkle his flock with the holy water ; the self devoted Therry, Bishop Willson, and the eloquent Woods And now the more than 40-year-old walls had just heard a Carmelite Prior, in a 35 minutes' discourse, champion the Roman Faith with an eloquence to be equalled by few, and probably surpassed by no Catholic priest in these anti- pedestal ' J ' ' s I Some particulars of the past career of a man destined, if we mistake not, to fulfil no unimportant part in the future of Roman Catholicism in the Australias, will not be out of place. Prior Butler is a native of Limerick, Ireland, where he was born in 1844. He entered the Carmelite Order at the age of 16, and received his education in the Carmelite ' College i and' Catholic University, Dublin, also spending some time in England. For some years he was engaged in educational work, as professor' at Terenure College, and he also held the Rectorship of the High School, Dublin. About a twelvemonth ago he left the old country, having received a commission to found a Convent of the (Car melite Order of Priests at the antipodes. He arrived at Adelaide on Easter Saturday, 1881, and proceeded to found the present Carmelite Convent at Gawler, ." South Australia ; the community now numbering five priests, of whom A Prior Butler is the Superior. After engaging in mission work at Adelaide, he was called to Melbourne in October last by Archbishop Goold, and for three months was occupied there in mission work and re- treats,'' His eloquent voice has been frequently raised in St, Patrick's Cathedral, and his preaching created, it is said, a veritable furore among his co-religionists of the Victorian capital. The announcements that he would preach on any stated Sunday attracted multitudes to the Cathedral, who, impressed and delighted by his fearless and powerful preaching, have assigned to him a place among the foremost pulpit orators of the Roman Catholic Church in the Australias, and ac corded him equal rank as a preacher with the gifted Archbishop Vaughan, of Sydney. 