DEOBBTAL EPISTLES.- — No./V. . HOW THE FORGED EPISTLES WERE USED IN THE CANON LAW. We have seen, the labours of the Popes of the ninth century in establishing ,tbe forged Decretals as the law of the Church. We did not proceed beyond , Pope Adrian , II. ; The succeeding Popes - no longer laboured to establish the forgery)- r. that as now accomplished, and .they 'thought only , how they, could/use the vast powers which forgery had acquired. , Thus Pope Sylvester II.;: restores Ar- nulphus. to. the, archbishopric of Rheims, of which he had been deprived for his crimes, not from any consideration of the welfare of the Church, but- "that Peter may have, free power of. loosing,-, and .that the dignity, of.- the Roman glory,-, ; may shine forth everywhere ; wherefore, ,we have thought it - fit to , assist you, -Ai'nul- phus, Archbishop of Rheims, deprived, for whatever excesses of your pontifical dignity The Pope goes on to restore him to. all his honours, ; making, no stipulation; what- ever. for his repentance , or, his absolution ; but saying; " Let our authority protect you upon every side, even though guilt oe .conscience oppbessuy, oh, : As.-':if- it were necessary to i the dominion - which falsehood, has established, that it. 'should triumph, not only over public decency and virtue, but over, the voice of God in the, conscience of, man ! , And, ,to crown all, - Pope Sylvester., concludes with pro- nouncing anathema against any succeed ing Pope who should alter this decree !— a worthy use of power so acquired. \- And the, eloquence -of those Popes, and its, application; may be;judged of from this specimen;; taken from, . the same Pope's first . epistle to Azolinus, Bishop of Laon : — " 0„ Juda, magistririproditiouem dnno- vauset Pontificalem .gloriam nostris tem- poribus deturpans !" 1 Some, Popes of ..theracatf ages .-deserve more,,notice, and, may receive- it from us hereafter; but our, present, subject' is too extensive to us, dwell -on; any, individual Popes. We undertook, to show, in; ithis ; number,, ;how the forged Epistles, and councils were then.ceeotoyabd, iContinued and.maintained as the laws of the, Church of rome, l7; , : , E or ..this, ; purpose, we take. the. book, called the "/Decretum pf;Gratiah." , , , This , , Grratian-, „ was a,;-;- monk, , of, : the monastery,.1of',lSt.;;Eelix,lin Bononiai' aud he. published this, book in .the, -year, It is a, vast collection of everything that he could find,; having .the force of law,, ;or the \right of authority in .the. Church. Fathers, councils, formularies, Papal de- crees,_ and epistles- all are collected here, not, from, the original, writers, but from the yai'ipus .compilations which Gratian found in use, at that time, as books pL Church law. The variety and contradictions of those former collections were found so inconvenient, that Gratian resolved/to bring them all together into one book ; and this book had; suck success that it became the standard work on the' law of the Ro- man Church. ... It has been disputed whether this book was confirmed. and authorised by the Pope when it came out. Two ancient authors of credit, Trithemius and Machiavel, say . that it was so authorised ; others deny it. We think that the latter are correct, and that the book was not authorised by the Pope. Still, the fact is confessed that it .was universally adopted in ail. the courts of the Roman Church. Our witness is Archbishop Devoti, Secretary to Pope Pius VII. , the latest Roman writer on Canon law. Devoti wished to, allow this Decretum of Gratian as little' authority as, possible, because it quotes the forgeries,; yet he confesses that "scarcely had the work. .of Gratian came, forth into, light than ; it was held ;in such esteem by all, that it was read publicly in the schools (of, law), and produced in court . as part of the common law." If we consider the law books.received in our own courts of law, we may, easily .understand how this , might happen- to, a book not authorised .by law-. No- book; has greater authority; in British courts ;of law tban "-Coke.r.upbn - Little ton,;'' yet that book never jwas:confirmed by act of.parliament,:n6r-byiany law.iniVet all courts receive/that ibook/as/the ?law of. the land, not because Sir, Edward Coke had any, authority to, make laws,, but because he gave the best. and most accurate' state ment; of the things .. that were : law, before he wrote -his book. It was precisely the same -.until . Gratian ; he collected .every- thing which he. found already admitted :as law in the Papal, courts, -and . therefore the, Papal courts universally adopted.his booJc, as, thQ, standard; worki.on their, law: Gari'.ying , out tliis; objectj- Gratian adopted the, forged .Decretals into his ' Collection, because he found them : already: acknow ledged in -the- Roman courts .as the law; of the Roman' Church. Those Decretals did pot become the law,-,because:he put them in.his book but he.put them in his book because he found them law already.-: We admit,, the, statement -of Devoti, (p. 376) ".concerning the/authority , of - the Decre- tpip (of„.Gratian), ; .it, is to be -thus: held that all things which are related in it have the same force - as if they- were viewed apart, ..from;, the Decretum. Therefore; whatever force- tlie places of-Holy Scrip- ture, the, decrees of 'Popes and-of. General Councils have. by their) own. -quality -and. nature, the same- they retain in the /De cretum ; hut the others, by .being , put. into the Decretum, do not obtain, th'at authority which they have -not of .themselves."- -- ;v It follows, from this, that genuine Dec retals of Popes in the Decretum arc still law, b,ut forged. Decretals in the Decretum are , not: law, meroly. -hecause they, .are found in it. - It..; follows,; also, that the forged Decretals of Gratian, which are in the Decretum, zo/ij7e they were. believed to be genuine , - were universally regarded as the laws of the Church. So,, the, fact stands thus:; in, -the -year 1151-, Gratian found- the forged epistles /of the, -Popes - universally received in - the Papal Courts as the law - of . -the Roman Church ; : Gratian adopted , them- as such and the- Roman Courts; adopted his book ; and, for at - least four hundred and thirty - years . (as i , we i shall presently prove), and probably -some 'time (longer; no one ever doubted; that/ these forged Epistles were genuine, .or ever questioned that .they were a part of the law of the Roman; Church.!, - ' We shall now show ihrieflyi toi what ox- tent, ( and - with - j what, object; '-the forged Decretal Epistles figured iii the Decretum of.Gratiau.- T; , . , : . We - confine , , ourselves > (for .reasons givpn in our former numbers) -to the De cretal Epistles of the - Popes of the first 400 -years, of which we gave a list in our first i number. , , ,i . - -Our readers will i remember ; - that we showed i in- that-! listi-tbat/ there are 84 forged Epistles for those 400 years, .and 23 , epistles commonly -reputed, genuine, Of the 84 forgeries,' Gratian quotes- 65. Of the, .23 , called;- genuine,; Gratian quotes only - one, and that one; if not forged;, is, most probably " cooked." ;- - - - ( Our, readers may ; remember, .what /we said, in , our, first number; - that while the forged Epistles give, just - what Roman Catholics wish to - find in the early. , ages, the genuine , Epistles of those ages do not give- any -support to the -Papacy.; :Hence, they, may understand why, Gratian quotes so many of the forged and- so' few of the genuine. / But to come to particulars : this book, the;. Decretum, is divided - into larger ; divisions (which in modern- days; would be called chapters), and, these, are subdivided into smaller divisions, called canons." Of these canons, three hundred and twenty-four are. taken from the Decretal Epistles of the first 400 years. Of these three hundred and twenty- four, three hundred and (thirteen are forgeries, /only .eleven genuine ; if, in deed, that one Epistle be really genuine. We confine ourselves to our list of the -.400 years. Were we to take in the for geries of later Popes, and the number of passages from books that were never written by the authors whose names they bear, we should, perhaps, double the number.. But,' compare these' three hundred and thirteen forged canons with the number of canons which Gratian took from the Scriptures —from the Old Testa ment, thirteen ; from .the New Testa ment, just nine. Each canon is to prove some. point . in the law of the Church of Rome;; - whereby our readers may see that it was then, as it is now, much easier to prove the papal system from lying stories than to prove it from the Word of God. Now, let us see what did. Gratian us the forgeries to prove.. ... In Distinctions, (or, as we might call them, chapters) XXI. and.. XXII.- -he brings forward proofs for the. supremacy of Rome. ! In Dist. XXI. can. 2, he quotes the forged epistle.o'f Auaeletus.--- the sacerdotal order began from Peter bbcauso-the -pontificate in1 the ' Chur&h; ''of Christ was'given to -him-first- In 'canon 3 ! he quotes the Decree of Gelasiua about approved and apocryphal books, as-' follows—" . :.! .v.'f ; .r the Roman patholic, and Apostolic Church- was set over the other Churches by no synodical degrees, but obtained the primacy by the evangelical voice ot our Lord and Saviour ( i Again, v in-- ; Dist. - XXIII.',' canon: 2,- he quotes the .forged; Epistle; of Anacletiri (whicb> we- gave in - our last' 'number).1 f ' The' Holy Roman and Apostolic, Chui-cli pbtaiued the primacy' atid' prc-emiue'ncq -pyerWlj.Qhprch ,'fFbmV;iih'eapbE(ti4?i - Lilt fi(bm th'e/Lbrd-hims'elf, burSaVibur...'' . -/Again,' in'.Dist. XCII.,;cauon 3, Gratian quotes- St. Cyprian,',; saying— ", -He ! wh'o deserts '-the See- of -Peter jon iwhich'th'e Church is founded; 'let him hot.' trust that he is ! in- the Churcli." , But' these words were never written- by ;Sk 'Cyprian ; .they were- put ,into; his .writings ;by' the iorgers many centuries affer,,' his -deatlui . -.. ; . ,ys ' As far as we.liave been able :to find; these, are all. the proofs/ which- Gratian brings , from the first, eight . centuries - in support of the supremacy by divine riht of ithe Roman Church. ; And'they ; dreall forgeries. Allihis other proofs i'or it are taken from Popes or -other writers of the ninth, and followiug centuries;1'' Here- we'hkve the confirmation of our opinion, / which we' hope yet to prove still further, that the supremacy -by divine right originated from the forged -Decretals of the , ninth century, and; that)call former Popes and writers were ignorant of it. - In support - of the authority of the forge,d:f Decretals'; ",-i Gratian, or > some "one for him, transcribes; Dist. XIX. c. 1, that' -whole argument of Pope' "Nicolas I. (which we gave at the end of No; II., January 1854, p. 4, col. 1), in wh jcli'Pope Nicolas insists on people receiving the Decretal Epistles, written in the times of pagan persecution ; which it is impossible to apply to liny but the forged decretals. For the divine inspiration of the Pope's decrees, Gratian (Dist. XXI canon )7) produced -that passage of Pope Nicolds (given in out- second number,,;. January 184, p., 3, col. 1), in which Pope, Nicolas produces the forged' story about' jPope Marcellinus as being given by dmue ins- spiration. But Gratian brings another proof (Dist. xix., canon 6) for the divine inspiration of th'e Pope's decrees, which deser ves ' at tention. This canon has an heading to 'it — ' The Decretal Epistles are to ' be reckoned in among the " canonical scii?- tures !" The canon itself consists j of1 a passage which St; Augustind'wrote aboiit the Holy Scripture itself, which' passage Gratiau; altered, so that it ihight apply to the Decretal-Epistles of Popes'!' 11 ' Jfour hundred and thirty years after, this passage was altered to run as St/ Augus tine wrote ic, by correctors whom we' shall speak of presently, but those correctors leffc 'the heading as Gratian wrote t; : ' ' That' the Pope only -lias ",the"right' of calling councils, Gratian proves (Disk xvii;; Cations 1, 2, 3, 5) from 'the Decretal Epistles' of Pope Marcellus, Pope Julius I., Pope Damasus, and Pope Pelagius II. — all forgeries. " That 'the sacrifice of the mass is a pro pitiatory sacrifice for the taking away of sin, Gratian proves (de Consecr. Distl ii.', Canon 7) from a Decretal Epistle of Pope J ulius I., ' " every crime and sin is blotted out by those sacrifices offered to God and also from Pope Alexander' (Cau'o'ti S) — tl' 'nothing can effect more rin;' sacrifices than" the body and blood of Christ, nor' is' oblation more powerful than this but th'js excels all . . . . ." Both these Ijpistles are acknowledged forgeries. For the ceremonies and rules to be ob served at the mass, many of which are very 'like those now observed, Gratian gives danons, many taken from the for-1 geries ; as from Clement (de Oonsecri Bist. i., Canon 14). Clement again, Canon 39; Sixtus, Canon 41; Stephen, Canon :42:; Sylvester, Canon, 46; Teles- pnorus, Canon 48 ; Anacletus, Canon 59 ; Lucius, Canon 60 ; Anastasius, Canon. 61 ; : Alexander de Consecr. Dist. ii. , Canon 1 ; Clement, Canon 23 — all forged ; besides many more never made by the : Popes whose names they bear. From whence' bur', readers may have some notion how. the Ceremonies of the Mass did multiply so Jast, and how the mass came to be so different from the simplicity of the Supper of the Lord, as it war celebrated by the; Lord himself, and by his apostles after- Him. ' ' But we might go on for, ever at the forgeries in this Decretum , of Gratian. , stop at one instance , more— holt watee, ; for which Gratian quotes that passage of the forged letter of Pope Alexander, which .we. have, given, and that alone (del CbnsecrDist. iii;, "Canon 20). All .these ; things (atian, found; as acknowledged laws ofthe BomanChurch, intlie ; year .1151 j and .therefore he put theni: into : his: book.1 -' All t these things continued in his book as undoubted and unquestioned laws of the Boman Church for at least four hundred and thirty years, arid perhaps a good deal longer. And, this brings tb us a fact in the, his tory of the Decretum of Gratian, which shows far more strongly than we have yet shown it, -the "vast influence and authority which this- book had acquired in the Church ; and how little notion anyone had, during all those' centuries, of doubt ing or questioning all the forgeries in it. '.'At the. end of the. Council of Trent, about the year 1563, ;Pope Pius IV. (+1 same who drew up the creed of tie Boman Catholic Church), was authored by: the Council of Trent to revise the Boman Missal and Breviary. About the same time, he undertook to , revise and correct the Decretum of Gratian.. For this purpose, he selected a number of tho most learned cardinals and doctors in the Boman Church, to whom he committed that task. - His successor, 'Pius V.v added others ; so that seven cardinals and'seven- teeri doctors were employed; of whom 'two afterwards became popes. : ' These twenty -four most learned , men spent more than sixteen years of most diligent labour in correcting the Decretum of : Gratian, 1 which they finally accom plished in the year 1580, under the Pon tificate of Pope Gregory XIII.1 There cannot be stronger proof of the , vast im portance; and authority attached, to . this book iii the. Church of Borne; What., did those learned men . do with the forgeries. It: is; true they did correct a -forgery now and then, but;not-the' forged Deere-' tals. ' For; instance :—Dist. xix.,'Canbn 9, has this heading— " Anastasius,; being rejected by Gpd, was struck bythe Divine iil'; 'which ,'heacling, . the canon itself seems fully ,to support. .N ow,; this Anas tasius was a pope, and the correctors may well- have wondered- how Gratiaricame to put : in such a story abouit: a Pope. They did; ,.not know that the real story \yhicli Gratian, no doubt, meant to give, and probably did give, was /just the contrary, that, some enemy of Anastasius was , thus struck by God. Probably some transcri ber afterwards made the blunder -in making a new copy. But the correctors; knowing nothing of this, pronounced, without hesitation, in the note which they added, that this1 story was a. forgery. This "shows.that they' felt that: it, was a part of their duty to point out forgeries in the Decretum, of Gratian. / Yet of the theee hundeed, and thir teen canons taken from the forged Dec- cretals of the first 400 years j and of all the 'other canons taken from other similar forgeries,' they never pointed out" one as being 'a forgery ! On. the contrary, they everywhere seek to uphold the authority of the forged bundle of Isidore. ' ; They state in - the preface which they prefixed to the 'Decretum' that ' Igmarus, Archbishop of /Eheims; affirms that it really was the .famous Isidore, 'Bishop of Seville, in Spain, who iriade this collection, which, if true, would, be strongest .-proof that the forged Decretals were genuine ; and they do riot say f hat ;it is not true; 1 They appeal to Ww testimony of the writer of this forged collection; - " as' Isi dore himself testifies." In' (mimy of ; their notes on forged canons, they speak" of the forger as if he ! ... ,were! a person of credit, and of the for geries as if they were genuine. Hayinig done this to support the credit of the . forgeries, and having never given the. smallest hirit that any doubt was, or could be, thrown on all these forged canons, they say in their preface, respect ing the diligence with which the work was done, that "after this scarcely any one can err so as to follow uncertain things for certain, or to hold Buspected those which were, certain, as if they were un certain." . Had they no suspicion when they wrote that passage, that Isidore's. Papal Decre tals might be forged? Was it possible jthat during sixteen years spent in examin ing theke canons, and comparing them jwith the monstrous and absurd forgeries which Isidore had concocted (and" it is .eyident that they did compare them care fully), that no suspicion should ever have arisen in their minds ? They were in constant communication with Antonius Augustinus, Archbishop of Tarracon in Spain, the most learned man of his day, and frpm him they received a great part of their materials ; and .lie cer tainly knew of grounds of suspicion, for he had observed that the epistles: of the : early Popes, did actually quote laws of the Boman emperors; < which laws were not' made for several hundred years after those5 I popes, lived ! , And he does not understand I how this could be done !'. ' " But whether, the. correctors suspected the forgery, or. not is.of little-consequence. If they did not , then we have proof how. universally the ; forgeries' Were; 'believed' and accepted as the law of the "Church : If they ''srispiect' it, then we have proof that thiey 'did; everything iii .their 'power to prevent' bthers suspecting if; and that, notwithstanding , their suspicions, they put forward the forged decretals . in the Decretum' as- thingSi that .no -mau, or no court of the Church- of Borne, need hesi tate to accept'asgenuirie and true. And ;the Decretum ;of Gratian, when thus cdrrected, was published by .'authority of /a1 bulljjbf ,;Pqpe;;:Gregri had himself been one of the correctors before he was Pope. :-i o" That! bull was dated July 1, -1580, . and nr the beginning of ' fr Pope Gregory gives, as the reason- for correcting 'the Decretum; the' duty of his office " to pro vide with (all zeal and diligence for retain ing all Christians in the'true and Catholic faith, especially :in .these , so grievous and calamitous times, (the Eefor mation) , and, therefore that, in the first place, is to.be attended to and provided for by us, that- we may take away from all every occasion of wandering from it." To accomplish, this purpose he sends forth, .the Decretum of Gratian, with -.all its forgeries, sustained , with ( fresh, credit, and greater approbation ; and. to !provide for the enduring continuance of those forgeries, die inserts this enactment to'the bull, " that it shall not be lawful to anyone to add anything to this work, or to change or to alter anything, or to add any, inter; pretationp butr as it is now printed in this our city . of -Borne,, let. it always and for ever i be preserved: whole and unal tered." : And this bull is ; always1 printed in .the front of. the Bomari' 'edition of the Decretum of Gratian. ' ' ' 'Butitwari tho late' for Pope ' and Car- dinals;;to make these forgeries' perpetual ! Amightybowerjh ad; arisen j "and was roll- iug onwards, destined?, to. sweep, before it, in; the next « half. '.century, 1 thei frauds and forgeries of seven hundred years. The reformers began; not long after; to ques tion and convict the forgeries; arid one by one all the most, : learned'; men1 ; of dthe Church .of Home' were driven.td admit, the barefaced., imposture which, so shbrt . a time before, they: had sought to bolster up, Inui50- years; iriore the victory - of truth over falsehood was' complete"; yet; everi when the great battle was thus lo'st and won,1 the more zealous champions of ;the Boman Church, Turrianus tlie Jesuit, arid Binius the. Archbishop, made a last des perate, effort to (retrieve the day, arid re store -the reigniofi forgery in the Church. And'Binius -again: ventured to defend the forged epistles > of ; the Popes as being " consecrated by their own antiquity arid the reverence of the whole world ; 'filled with' gravity, doctrine, and holiness ; con firmed by 'the testimony . and: use of ,pos; terity of all ages ; ,in style and discourse, written most agreeably to apostolic -men ; interpreting i the holy ; Scripture according to that) sense which holy mother Church has held and holds, which' is to be bravely upheld' to martyrdom in time of persecu tion, by the example of our Saviour Christ ; most usefully written 'for confuting the heresies of our times." The very arguments by - which we now hear men attempting to ; defend the' very things which those forgeries introduced and established ! ' But the time for ruling by forgery was gone by, and Labbe and Cossart, wiser Jesuits than he, thought it was madness to' defend the forgeries any longer, in such a light of ecclesiastical knowledge. The forgeries are not now the law of the Boman Church, by reason of their being in the Decretum of Gratian, since ; the forgery was confessed. But:i they stand there still, as a monument 'to re-: mind us that for 700 years the Boman Church maintained her doetrine. by their help, and never abandoned them j until . Protestants had made it irripossible to. maintain them longer. / And now, in looking back on this awful delusion of the Church for so many ages, it does seem to us, that if Protes tantism were ever so bad a thing, and if the Church of Borne had power to abolish it from the world with a breath, it might still be prudent for that infallible Church: to keep a few Protestants still, just to preserve her from being ever deceived- through the presumption and the igno rance of her own infallibility. But we have not done with forgeries, for we grieve to say that Boman Catholics have not done "with them yet. The next Book in the canon law of the Church of Borne is, " The Decretals of Pope Gregory IX." It is a book of far higher legal authority with them than 'the Decretum of Gratian ;. for. their latest canonist, \- Archbishop1 ' Drivoti, says of it, arid tho other bpokri that . followed .it, " AVhat- ever; therefore, is contained in them makes law." The reason is, because these books were actually drawn up arid sanctioned by: . authority in the ' Church of Boirie,' which the Decretum was not. ; ' Now, we might hardly think of looking for the forged Epistles of the early "Popes, i in '" these Deer'etals ' of ."Pope" Gregory because that'boolc was intended to' be a collection of the later Decretals, Gratian having already , embodied the former. Yet a few of the earlier have strayed into it.; we have observed fivo ; one attributed by mistake to Stephen, ' but really froiri the Epistle of Sixtus I. ; 2; another from1 Stephen I. ; 3;' ariotber from Stephen Iii ' ; 4, another from Felix II. 5, another from Felix I. All five are from the forged Epistles; and this in the book of which the latest Boinau , Canonist says that every thing in that book is law! We have not; -in our reading, seen it noticed that the forgeries are quoted in this Book" 'of the Decretals of Gregory IX., and we call the attention of the learned to the fact." But Boinau Catholics are not yet clear, of . these 'forgeries. The Church, of Borne still uses these . forgeries to -direct Mid govern tlie daily -prayers of her priests ' and members;'' The Boman Breviary ".directs the' daily 'prayers of the Ghur6hLpf;Bhriie. The puricil of Trent .formally . authorized Pope Pius IV. to correct ; that .Bwwiary. He did correct it,, and issued, a bull - com manding the use of it so corrected!, In the service, for April 26tH, and- in that: for .December- 31st, what; does the reader suppose wo find? Why; the two lying stories ;. which,- Pope Nicholas I. produced as beirig' given by divine inspiration!— the forged Council of Marcellinus,. and the, forged: Council, of. Sylvester ! . .i' . .These are not, the, only forgeries in the Boman fBreviary— the daily prayers - of the 'Boman Church; ; -There are heaps of th'em, .taken from' the pontifical - book; which' h'a'd1 'a very 'similar origin with the forged Decretalp. ,..J. manpatholicB, j read : .the .Boman Br, eriaryjirind think of these. things.,: , r. Then, turn -to ; Clement;, whom, you call St. 'Peter's successor,' land? call to mind his striking words iri his genuine Epistle, " Search into the Holy Scriptures, which aro 'the true words ' of the Holy' Gho'st. Ye' know that tliere is nothing wicked or forged; jvritten in them.", . Cricket. — There must be somo'wonder- ful ingredient1 of chance or ;luck in cricketl The Victorians easily overcame' tlie N:SfW".' team which has just now' defeated "theiri- in turn, by one innings ' and one; hundred ' and thirty-eight ' runs. '- The play- was excellent on both side's, and the weather, fine. :: As to those who lost' heavily in wagers, serve them right:-'1:.'' ' " ; -r' ; Tlie Astronomer and tlie "Weatlier .—The cyclical theory- of tlie periodical return of wet 'and dry- years sug gested by Mr.- -Russell does not hitherto pro mise fulfilment in 1882. This was calculated by him as one of the '.very wet years to recur everyperiod of nineteen.' 'We are'of opiniori that -Mr.' Russell has chosen the true' iriethod of investigating the matter and' discovering . tbe>law— if there- '.be -any' "periodic;' law -tolbe discovered— for he appeals'to' recorded facts; But we' believe that' the nurnber .of facts' re- corded are : as'yet. far 'too few to determine anything with anything iike'probability ; and we believe that if the periods of recurrence be theoretically cqnal tliey must,' in. the' 'actual conflict of the innumerable force's" which are concerned be' made practically unequal arid irregular. Of course there' is a. fixed' law, hut it includes so many complibatioris of " com- pensation a and , adjustment;; that > we-j scarcely! ' jhope to formalise it. Mr. Russell's s'ugges-f tions aboutathe c t'o7 n poratu re of 1 'N o wi Sbiith Wales at the: different i" seasons- will be: '"morel . u'sef u 1 , because wi th i ri'thc reach of expeririient A jHis papers on , the- effect .of, thevmoori bn the'i :weathenhave also done;good: si'i',vico, iri help-H .ing to disabuse the mind. of many.jof that! very, i widespread, !fallacy;i>: The v, moon's riattraotion l mustrof course ccause a-stido vin, 'the-fni'r,, as in h tlie sea ; ,-orily, in force greatly reduced;,; The, v effect; isi : the somewhat ' greater, 'depthi, of h atmosphere jii8t. / riear:'ifho. moon ; a'sivshei! gradually revolves, hot «iin - her ch'anges.tto But if ; ithis> irifluencedi'tho Lweatliornto tourlt observationwe should! look for/the same kind j of weather at- overy stage of dic'r. monthly path, -i ririd a moderate 'difference in tlies height of the -. atmosphere usso'infiriitesiinalaifactor among i the i many , -whicliiproduce ! theij/offectdof I .weather, "'that/it' may ibo practically counted t for nothing. - Professor - Pepper's experiment appears to point to ' the' supposition ithat rain : blouds are always-.tb:.; be gathered; in thexaiixif reached by the electric current. : ;< . - Count Campliello vincllcated toy tlie Vatican.— Aa Capitate, in f -its v No. of' 28th October, lias the following article When the 1 organs of . the V atican ' could no longer avoid speaking of the-abjiira- ' jtion of Count Henrico di Oainpbollo, tlioy jlaanohed against him all' 'sorts' of : yirufrnti (calumnies/ But; as says' rthe proyerb, lies-' .have short logs, and whoeyer adopts tbat'-mean ,of warfare; soon-' falibirihis -owntiap:"-1 WKo now homes" forward "in vindication' .bf '; the- truth? Why, ' no" -less" ; a personage 's than- \ Monsignor Savarese; one of the most' csti triable- men of tlie- catholic' 'world;' a-'domestic1 pre-' late t'o-the Pope, and 'as silch; iri'a position to; know exactly hiow'diiRgs-'stoodi .';-;Npw,! ;the echo britheyituperatibrisHritri-wliioK'Goririt | Oa'mpbello' ivas". attacked by. the Organs of 'the" Vatican- is still ringing in the public, bars,'-' here is what- the above-named prelate says' ', wi th ' regard - to ; hitri. : " The 'recent fact 'of a Monsignor; a canon 'of-thc Pntriarchal Basilica' of the V atican , a gentl etnarij1 by no' means' un-- learned, of unblemished 'life ' and reputation, 1 , who no' longer able t'o live in'that unbearable' fetid-: between church and1 "country; 'sbleiiinly ' abjures Catholicism, _is a vory grave fact, -and1 one, deserving the most' sonbus.'corisicleratiori'1 of those directly concerned iii '''tbat!"evqrii''- a personal- knowledgq l' have had of- himrin' Rome; arid from the opinion in wliich- lie' was hold, up 'to the- time of his 'deplorable, step/ ,It- is natural ' that:' ;thb -clerical press should' endeavour torissert the coritrary ; arid irittach'' no little weight to the 'letter of a ! respectfible' . relative of Count Catnpbello who affirins that : the ex-canon' had for years' past abandoned all religious sentiments. -But' then it may be' asked, how' came it pass that a man who was' \- known to : have forsaken all religious seriti-! ments was le'ft f or years iri the occupatibii'of a canonical stall, in the Basilica of tho Vati- can, living sumptuously from the' -proceeds' of the church ? Is not the thought forced : upon one's mind -that as Campbello waa in it i for -yoars,, and" would" have fr em ai he'd ''iri-i-it, , that there are others of; the sanie faction who: : only remain in; it f rotri motives of temporal utility- and benefits whiclrhims'elf has deemed' expedient to renouflce To "go. 'further would' be useless, udAa'Za CdjntaM; -'ib'is'olear' that tlie organs of the V atican have- lied arid calumniated;' 'and if not so;' it' is clearer /'still that thbir affirmations Contain tlie most' severe' condemnation of the Vatican. , u ' Hawlcestiiiry.'-Tlib ; Orange, tree iri i flourishing irii'th'e'vH'awkesbury',lJi9jlOTold'';lB our " Orange; colufrin" this'week'Jiri'a report' from tlie Royal Windsor Loyal Orange Lodge/ f in which" will bo 'found rec&rabd; '"'''.femlattoii' , to hold a meeting, on tlVq'3rd|Marcli,.tq dis cuss 'thrirfiesifability'-of ibperiihg',A Disfriqti , Lodge at Windsor. ; A few ye'afs rigoHliis; ; district could only boast of ono poor struggling . lp'dge now it possesses five lodges witlij steadily increasing rolls of rriombcrs, arid' their 'influence for good is beginning to make' itself felt. 1 ' ,JX Return of Ministers.— We, are- glad to' hear that1 the Rev. J. D. Langley is to: '.commence his duties at St. Philip's Church, his new, cure, on the' ,,ist ".of MJarcli; " Tho Rev. Canon 1 Moreton" 'has returribd, we / are happy to' say',1 very mricli refreshed by his. trip. These two1 clei-gytnen arb riot'sufpassod.in , Sydney iri tliq zeal and 'faithfulness : of1 'their' piinisteriaf work.;' Unfortunately: such zeal'ari'd 'faithful ness in;1 this' city'tbo frequently 'injure' 'tliose ivho exert thorii. The latter of these genlle- meri;: hris';seyefal' time's broken" 'down " arid again: returned: tb /roriew '.tbe1 'former '.strain,1 and we carinqt' ' say', of the ' former' 'that .oyett' rib'w his r'ecerit 1 trip ' has restoro'd' ' liitn , fit ' for work.': /- ' ' : '' Captain ; Kliiiders ! and ' tlie' Ragle'.— A 'curious' ' sfory ' the ' iUustraieti ' Christian' Weekly tells' of ri Celebrated1 naviga tor, Oagtain Flmdors. New'Souttf Wales, .ia'wri!|jVhhS5fti3 of his officers, when a large'eaglqwith'fierce 1 aspect arid brit'spfea'd, wirigri('',was aeehJBwppp- ing towards theiri, but stopping sllort about1 twenty yards' off, lie '..flew 'up into !a! treA ; Soon after, another bird " of .the' same (kind ; discovered himself,' arid flying .' above their heads, made' a riu'd'den poimce downwards; but checked -hirriself ' before' lie jtiialiy.'ioriched i them. '''Capt'airi Flinders frupppried that' j'they took him arid his party . for kangaroos,' which; when: sitting up' on their hind, legsilaccordirijg to' their usual 'biibit, are -abput the 'lieiglit ancl form of a man. On thesb'ariimalsjtlie bugles were1 'observed to fried/ 'They1' : were" seen I watching quietly in the trees till a karigarop rna.de' its 'appearance, :'wheri'Vdown.:thriy!:flbw; and tore it' in 'piecris.' Probably thisAyos.tfie truth,' f or tlie country was very Aesblatrij; and; as far as they could "judge, uninhabited,' so that'ithe; eagles might never have seen men before:"- 1 tiTIie <( Dynamite Evange list; — A pamphlet has says the Evening News been published at Washington, entitled the" Irish Avenger; or, Dynamite Evange list." Its sixteen page6 are filled with wild incendiary appeals to 1 the Irish to destroy London. There are many scriptural quotations designed to show that God approA'es such work, and there is a hymn beginning "Hail dvnariiite. glorious dynamite." At the close the writer says, " Blessed be the hand that causes the first outbreak of the forked red flame that wraps London in a blaze., Blessed be they who fan that flame into a towering conflagration which no human power can arrest, till the den of the British tyrants shall become a heap of ruins." The author is an Irishman named P. M. M'Gill, avIio states that the pamphlet is the first of a series of four.' The next number will give instructions how to use dynamite most safely innd effectively. ; The Escape of a Nun;— The Vienna correspondent- of the London jYciqsj.reports ; by -aeable" qnjDecein ber 29; :— The escaped nun at Graz is; ith'e dajughterjf,q£ ;thq.j Avidow of a tailor, .who. persuaded her against her will to enter the convent. .The. life; she. led ( there .decided her to ; take- to.; flight ;and;, support- herself by Avork. V The clerical papers ; pretend-.tliat she Avas not detained against Her : will. The -girl. states she Avould rather, die, than remain in the convent., ( Rlicliael McMallOll.— This gen tleman (evidently of French extraction) ex- Mayor of Petersham, waS.on, Wednesday, sentenced to seven years' imprisonment, with hard labour, for." uttering", a forged cheque fpr '£1050, purporting ; to ; be signed by; the late, Philip Andreas, of Petersham. Local Option— -This vote lias been successful by very large majorities:. every-: Avliere,, with- rare exceptions. Among these Ayore Bourke, ; Liverpool, .and Hay.-/ Those places voted that they would like a, few more grpg-shopsif the licensing board allowed them. Np aceounting for tastes. ((Perliaps tho houses tliqy.lin.ve are , exceptions to, -thevgeneral spe-; ciineris one meets.- Perhaps there is nothing but -quietness, morality, industry, and sobriety there ; and as to the knocking down of cheques, or lambing down, , or torn clothes, or fights — scarcely ever. ; ! ") : Sir Henry Partes iu Ame rica.— -It is encouraging to find Sir Henry. Parlies; Powell received in America, for al-; though Re may not, probably all) at. once suc ceed in persuading ; the authorities ., there of the advantage to America to. he-gained -in tlie! reduction, of tlie import. duties on wool,; still; a . beginning "is .made,;, and lattention drawn, and the ; true theory, will -eventually ,pre\Tail, if. only, it, has fair and:full discussion. .We con fess we do not care.so much-about-the subsidy; tq-tlie Racifiq lino of steamers. - Where, there is .trade, ;there will be little, need- of subsidy,: and between America and Sydney there ougli t to ,be trade, and .Avould, be ;a (brisk trade,; werei it free— tliat is;>were worto send her-our wool, and- bring back her "notions." 'Dome Rule.— It seems pretty. certain now; that Mr. Gladstone contemplates carry ing,, the principle of .Home. Rule . much fur-, tlier. ;than that .point indicated by Justin McCarthy, or. by the seditions in lreland. -, In carrying it.farther, however, he -will avoid the danger of weakening the.empiroiand intensi-: fying national dreams of autonomy. County or,, district. rule, in local, affairs; is what.) he- meditates, and that, in England and Scotland as well as in Ireland ; .thereby . relieving; the Imperial Parliament ot that heavy weight of. mere ' prpyiricial work Avhicli delays its , im perial action. Something of . this kind is urgeiitij noeueu , uuu we ueiieve is win tena to checkmate sedition. Tlie Ritualists & tlie Ortlio- dox, (Cliurcll.— 1 The Rits are just now. ' sorely exercised by a disappointment more. galling than tlieir frequent defeats at law, about the illegality of their vestments and postures. Their theory .of the Unity.- of Cliriste'ridorn by excluding all non-opiscopal Ghristiafls froni tbe brotherhood of tlie Catho lic Gliiircli haa received a fatal and unkind blo\v. ; Tlie . Anglic'an the Roman, and. , tlie Greek Churches were to be 'considered " The! Church arid tlie " orders " of tliese mutually- acknowledged. Rome indeed very sharply, refused to recognise these Anglicans. But the Greek — the f Holy . Orthodox Church " remained, and being further offend less known, it! was supposed to be more obliging;- One or two. of its bishops were received by the party in, England with somi-'divine honors. It now transpires , that the' Holy Orthodox Church likewise ignores the, " orders'", of tho Angli cans, and, tho f" unity ".and is sending a mission of its. own to England. '' We make the mission welcome to the Rits, who may perhaps be induced. to erase theiv filioque from ,the Nicene Creed, where it is retained falsely against that Greek orthodoxy by air!the branches of the Western Church. , ' ' Tlie Proposed Nuncio.— Wo do not. know who first set' the, idea of a pro posed 'Papal' Nuncio for Englaud agoiiig the round of the papers. We suspect it'.,, ivasTq feeler put out by that ever-Ayatchful in'trigiierj -d-tlio Curia! 'It England cannot keep order in Ireland without the pope's help, she can-! not do so with his help, and, her, oiily( remedy is to give up tho island,1 and let tlie (rangeriiqn and the Fenians fight it qut- as tiiey, can. . IVq should have no'misvings Mi.tir'the .issuej.B' such 'a fight., .The Irislq Roman : Catholic BiiBboiw;;;aiid:. PriMtjj.'TKere furious ag'airist the suggWtibn of 'a piipa'VopreBeritiitiye.' ihJ'Dbnr' don, "and that we 'can : easily' ...undiei-stand ;,'but it is liot easy' to see why 'Arclihishop and tlio fEngl isli are, now likewise opposed to it!: for/the result; of1 it would be ,aii! increased p'oAver to the Ahglo-P'opisli Hierarchy as com pared Avith their Hibernian mates One thing we can say with certainty : — any Minister who Avould dare to re-establish the exploded re lationships with the papacy Avould have a speedy dismissal, and be liable to impeach ment. There is a diplomatic representative at St. James's from Rome already, and one from England to llome at the court of King Humbert. What a monstrous thing to have a second minister from a priest in the same city, and this priest so isolated and hated that he confesses himself afraid to pass through a street of the city, lest he should be insulted. . Mr. Justin McCarthy and his amendment. — The Herald is very misleading in its summary of telegrams on Wednesday respecting the amendment to the address in reply to tlie Queen's speech. Mr. Justin McCarthy avIio moved the; disapproval of the Government action .in Ireland is there cited as the leader of tlie Parnellites, and the censure' of tiie Government is called. a move-, merit of that ; party;';iMr.'4 Justin McCarthy . has/often; very iplairily set forth" his vievvs on Home/Rule',; which ' are;- diatrietrically opposed to those of : Parnell and the fenian's. The Home Rule;he, wants is a: local parliament for local pr;) proyi nci ill , .affairs; : f or; . each of ' the three \ kingdoms, all hoAyeyerisubject.to tlio Iiiiper.ial, parliament in Imperial arid national affairs. Wliat Parnell Avants is. an '.Irish; Independent , Republic; 'arid the ultimate' humiliation' of, Great :Britairi';vThe'.-,-imotipn-' of: Mr. Justin McCarthy was therefore not a "Parnellite motion, nor, is ' lie; properly described ! as the leader of that faction. Tlie! respectability of his. name and eharacter Avas calculated by the Opposition to, .win soine ,. votes , against; the, Government,; and some of tlie Parnell faction : would be expected to vote with him ori a vote Of censure on . Irish matters. Others not satisfied for opposite reatoris',- with Mr. Glad-' stone's strategy inlreland, and yet'notwishing now to weaken the hands of authority, remained' aAvay. This accounts for' the fact that there wore only one hundred and nine votes-,in all,- the amendment being lost on a division of 87 to 22. - ' G ' '. 