ST. THOMAS'S PARSONAGE. —♦— The ceremony of laying the foundation-stone of St. Thomas's Parsonage, Balmain West, took place at 4 o'clock on Saturday afternoon. The parsonage is to be erected at the rear of the church, on Darling-road, at a cost of about £1500, and will command a fine view of the city. The structure will be of brick, consist of nine rooms, and will be surrounded with balconies and verandahs. A spécial service had been prepared, and was carried out effectively. A cabinet organ had been placed near where the stone was to be deposited, and the musical portion of the service was carried out by the church choir. The collects, invocations, &c.;, were read by the Very Rev. the Dean, the Rev. E. D. Madgwick (incumbent of the church), the Rev. W. F. B. Uzzell, and the Rev. Reginald Noake. A jar was placed in the foundation-stone containing various newspapers and coins, and also document, of which the following is a copy:— "The foundation-stone of St. Thomas's parsonage, Bal- main West, was laid by William Alston Hutchinson, Mayor of Balmain, on the 4th day of March, A.D., 1882, being the 46th year of the reign of her Most Gracious Majesty Queen Victoria, and the 95th year of the founda- tion of the colony of New South Wales, Lord Augustus Loftus being the Governor of the colony ; the Right Rev. Frederick Barker, D.D., Lord Bishop of the Diocese of Sydney and Metropolitan of Australia, and the Very Rev. William Macquarie Cowper, M.A., Dean of Sydney and Vicar-General. Incumbent of the parish of St. Thomas, Balmain West, the Rev. Edward David Madgwick ; churchwardens, Messrs. Frederick Roper Robinson, John C. Waterman, and John C. Wil- kinson ; trustees, Messrs. William Alston Hutchinson, Frederick Roper Robinson, John C. Waterman, Benjamin Goodwin, and Robert Spooner. The trustees, the church- wardens, and the following gentlemen form the building committee:—Messrs. W. Russell, Jas. Elliott, Fredk. Parsons, F. Fuller, W. Phillips, J. Williams, G. Bolton, Chas. Dolby, and G. Parkin : architects Messrs. Edmund T. Blackett and Cyril Blackett, B.A. ; contractor, Mr. John Hitchcock." A silver trowel and a mallet (the latter made of colonial rosewood) having been presented on behalf of the building committee to Mr. W. A. Hutchinson, Mayor of Balmain, and the preliminaries in connection with the laying of the stone arranged, his Worship laid the stone, declaring, "I lay this as the foundation-stone of St. Thomas' Parsonage, Balmain West, in the name of the Father and of the Son and of the Holy Ghost." Addresses were delivered by the Mayor and the Dean, and a collection, amounting to £69, was taken up on behalf of the parsonage building fund, making the sum in hand, we understand, about one-third of that required to complete the erection of the building. 