ANVCDOTAL PHOTOGRAPHS- LORD ROWTON. Oh! while slant; the Htrcsin of timo thy namo Kx)v»mlcd then, ami gather all its fame; Say, shall my littlo bark attendant flail, ' Putsuu tho triumph, and partako the gale? . In such ft strain might Lord Rowton apos. trophiao tho spirit of his groat inastor. And if ghosts could reply, everybody would wi9h tho answer to bo a hopeful ono, for tho Modol Private Secretary has made himself many friouds and no enemies, Tho relation invrhiob. ho stood to Lord Bonconsfiold was unique of its kind. Thoy. wore not oxactly friends, for friendship implies equality; but tlioy wero more than patron and dopendant. Wo havoso degraded the word favoritonstomako it atorm of reproach; and yot, using the word in its good senso, it would bo perfectly correct to say that Lord Rowton was tho favorite of tho poworfu! Minister ho sorvod. Describing Stdonia, ie,,his.own idealised solf, Disraeli writes:— "In his organisation there was a peculiarity, perhaps a great doficiohcy. . Ho was a man without affections. It would bo harsh to say he had no heart, for ho was sus ceptible of deep emotions, but not for indi viduals." Men of this kind have a posltivo need of a favorite. ! Sometimes 'it is a pot dog, sometimes an intolli ' gont biped. . Disraeli would have said himself ' that he was interested in Montdgii Corry V career, that he was pursuing a series of psychological observations; 111 short, would liavousednny phrase to disguise tho simple fact that it was pleasant to him to havoa protege, especially one who did credit to his protection, Tho Privato Secretary should bo like tho Fellow of All Souls', bono natus, bene vestitus, and. last, though not loast, mediocritcr doctus. It will never do for him to be clovoror than his master. Montagu William Lowry , Corry, a cadot of tho Earl of Belmoro's family, fulfilled all tho necessary conditions, with tho. added ono, so prized by Lord Bcaconsfiold,,of youth. Now that ono career has closed for him, as far as active sorvicc is concerned, though ho is but forty- threo years of age, with timo, ho can ; if he chooses, crcato himself a second reputation on his own account. Not that he is likely , to do so; tho .qualities which constitute an ex cellent lieutenant often hinder their pos303Sor from successful action as a commander. Tho best thing Lord Rowton could do would bo to attach hinisolf to another statesman of mark- say to Lord Salisbury— into whoso mind he might gradually insinuate a modicum of his own caution. He is emphatically the agreeable man, who agrees with you. A gentleman, who was a total strangor to him, was anxious that tho Tory Premier should get a correct vorsion of certain foct9, and addressed liimsolf to tho Sec retary. Corry did much more than : listen politely and reply evasively. His tono- ex pressed just as much sympathy as would not appCAr exaggerated. "I will do my very best in the matter," he said, with a pleasant; cordial look, And, by-and-bye, "bo sure your statement will lose nothing in transmisr sion." Thus, without having committed himself to anything, by more urbanity of expression, ho had insensibly added to hisourn credit and tho Minister's. Officialism, inspite of its gouerally polished phrasoology, is essentially rude to petitioners; and tho Private Secretary is not uufroquently tho personifica tion of its most irritating faults. It is . a pleasant surprise to find ono who is genuinely courteous. Universal civility is, of course, slightly akin to humbug. But it is possiblo to be sour and disagreeable, as well as a hypocrite. There must bo so much of deceit iu the game of politics that one may well for give it on ocoasion; but by all means let tho fib be slightly sugared. Montagu Corry set suitors so thoroughly at their ease that thoy talked unrestrainedly with him, with the consequence, on which he doubt less calculated, of wandering from the original (and troublisomo) snbjbct ; of disscusstoh. /"A'5 lady, who wanted something, was struck by the cut of a summer Buit which the secretary was wearing, and told him so. "Yes, isn't it a nice one?" exclaimed Corry, deligeted to get away from tho gravorquostion; "Lord Sudley has ono just like it; I took the idea from him." And ho discoursed with interest on clothes during the few minutes of the interview which remained. Discretion Lord Rowton must havo, but one wonders how a certain story, which much amused society a few years ago, got abroad, Neither of the actors in tho scene were ever credited with a strong sense of humor. The facts were those. Though Disraeli's imagina tion ran riot on visions of Oriental magni ficence, ho had learned in his later years to kuow the value of money; a knowledge which his consort always possessed. In short, they were a thrifty couple, with no taste forbigas- bills. Hence it happened that in the evenings, even in tho season, the lower portion of their- town-houso was left in pormanent obscurity. If they gave a dinner party or a reception, the gas in tho -hall was lighted, but not otherwise. Ono night Montagu Corry returned late from the Houso of Commons, where he had been in attendance on his patron. Groping his way. into the dining-room, which was as dark as the hull, bo throw himself on to a sofa, for he was tired out. Perhaps he immediately . fell into a half-doze, or possibly . ho was absorbed in interesting thoughts .; at all .:. events, ho did not liear -tho light. ; foot-, steps which might have warned him of Mrs. Disraeli's, approach. Presently he was sensible of a kiss on tho forehead, a light tap on the cheek, and a "Well, dear?" uttered in accents of the deepest affection. I don't know what answer lie made, or whether Mrs D. thoncoforth permitteda solitary jot of gas to illumine the room, justto enable her to distinguish her husband from othor men. No ono grudged Montagu Corry hisPcorago, \- though the promotion seemed startling. :Bub the Queen so rarely forgets her just parsi mony of honors, that one may. fool sure the ooronet was not lightly bestowod, . According, to tho most probable account, . her Majesty willing to confer some mark of. her favor on Lord Beaconsfield boforo -he retired, offered him a new patent of Peerage with remainder to Ins brother Ralph and the heirs of Ralph's body. Lord Beaconsfield declinedj nothaving enough to leave with tho V title; - but availed himself of tho opportunity thus presentod him to set forth the claims of Corry, not only as his alter ego, but as tho heir-;Oxpectant of a finoestato. It Is indeed from that . Row- ton Castlo which will ono day bolong to him that the new Baron took his nobiliary designa tion. Pecuniarily, Lord Rowton has gained nothing by his lag; connexion with Lord Beaconsfield. All that the latter left him by will was a conditional legacy of L500— tho wages of literary executorship. He might have had more than ono snug place; but acceptance would necoBsarily have forfeited his peculiar, and, on the wholo, enviable position. I say on tho whole, for it is whispered that, sincerely as Montagu Corry was attached to Disraeli, he could not help showing at times that he was a little disappointed in him. The political failure of tho man was not less evi dent than his social success. Corry know t; nnd Disraeli knew that he knew? it. Whence an occasional misunder standing. And yet thoy are probablyright who hink Disraeli's life might have beenprolongod had ho been allowed to see his fidus Achates a little sooner duringthat last illness. The doc tors feared the |(oxcitement" of the interview, as if excitement hod not always been meat and I drink to Disraeli. I 