VALEDICTORY SERVICE. In order to show their appreciation of the Rev, Walter J. Mathams, who hios ministered to them for the past four months, and to present himn with simte slight tokens of their love and esteiem, t.lr mbmbers of the South Yarra Ba:Ltist Church and congregation held a tea meet. ing on Monday evening. And here we may remark, parenthetically, that on thep previous day Mr. Maitham. delivered tsre well sermons morning and evening, and in the afternoon addressed the Sabbath. school children. We had the privilege of hearing the evening d scourse, to listen to wliich the building was well filled. The preacher based his remarks on these words -" Finally, brethren, tilrewell. B.- per feet, be of good comfort, be of one mind, live in peace, and the God of love and peace be with you. . . The grace of the Lord Jc?us Christ, and the love of God, and the communion of the Hloly Ghost, be with you all. Amen."-2 Cor. xiii, 11 &JiL4.; It was a grand sermon, abounding in elh quent passages, bubbling over with the nest kindly feeling, and leaving but one regiet in the minds of the harres namely, that in all human probability it .vas the last they would hear ifrom ithe talented preacher. But to return to DMonday's meeting. After the edibles had been cleared away the chair was taken by Cr. Turner, one of the deacons of the Church, and we no ticed on the platform the Revs. J. Turner (the venerable father of the chairman), W. Moss, T. E. Price (late of St. Kilda), Buckingham (of Emerald- hill), J. Ly'tle (of Prahran), and 3Mr. D. C. Rees. The usual devotional exercises having been offered, The chairman opened the proceedings by reading letters from several ministers and gentlemen who had been invited, but who, owing to various untoward causes, were unable to be present. Among these was one from the Mayor of Melbourne. During the evening. appropriate ad dresses were delivered by tihe gentlemen above-named, each of whom testified to the esteem in which Mr. Mathams was held by him, and expressed regret that ho could not see his way clear to remain to labour in a sphere where he had already effected so much good. The main interest of the meeting, how ever, centred in the presentation of the testimonials and the "farewell addrdss" of the iecipient of them. The first of the testimonials was pre sented by the chairman on behalf oft the officers and members of .the church. It consisted of a very handsomely ongrossed and illuminated addiess, contaiiiing the following resolution : " That this church desires to place on record its high appreeiatios of the ministerial services and of the genial and friendly spirit of the Rev. Waltl;e J. Mathams ouring the period of his ministrations here, and trusts that the Lord will be pleased to continuo to bless is like manmer his servalt's effective ministrations in his futuro spheres of labor." The next presentation was made by1M:r. Chambers, on behalf of the members of the church and congregration. -This was a large group of photographs of some 50 admirers, male and female, of Mr ?a thams, with his own (cabinet size) in' the top left-hand corner, and a capital water-colour drawing of the ohur:ch, executed by Mr. Tibbets, of Wind sor, in the opposite corner; the whole being surrounded by a handsome border, and enclosed in a massive gilt frame. We understand that this pleasing work of tart will remain in the colony for a short timne, and be on view at Rocke's, in Collins street; and we would advise alll our readers to have a look at i. Then Mr. T. Alway, on behalf of seve:ral admirers of Mr. Mathams outside tihe South Yarra Church, handed to him ii cheque, which, it was hoped, when turned into cash, he would find useful in helping to pay his expenses whilst sojourn;ingin Palestine. It was clear when M1r. Mathams rose to reply that he felt his task to be painful as well as pleasant. He from the bottom of his heart thanked all who had combined in procuring these handsome presents for him. Ho shopuld treasure them as long as he lived, and often, when far away, look on the faces there dopictod with living renoemhbrunce, Whether he would ever see thonm again in the flesh lie could notlsay; of course, it was not impos sible that he might, but it was hardly" pro bable. He would, however, be an ingrate indeed if he ever forgot the innumerible kindnesses which had been showered upon bim. When it was known tl?4t h?oliad engaged to supply h1. "pqlp.it thevo for a time, lie Nya1 'yarned thrt lie wis going a~tqoqgt a mqagt ~4ptious, crotchety, gan tai?keroqs, ora'ss-grn?ied set of people. Well, he liq4 had tour months' experieuce of them, and he could honestly say, anal it gave him exceeding pleasure to say it, that he had invariably found them to be, kind, generous, and leal. Now that he iwas leaving them, he could have nq purpose in saying this if it were eot trueo, bu t 'ý\yas true to the letter. 'e'cn~ised that his first c?gen 'ihlb , tbt place had somewhat 'islhiertened him. He preached to what no minister likes to preach to-a plentiful array of empty seats. But that did not dismay him. It rather spurred him on tio ncreased efforts. (Iikeo a true Eaglituinan, ihe did not like to be boAten. S o he Igitvo tiehn thlo 4,e ut he could,' nccor(ingito tho abli'fy .whvlli od 1'id ,vouhesatfe ihim, ld'dtli rcsult wias that' th,e ;\0lgrg.estto. had gdon on' incmreiig, Ai\ia I soty rebon to hlone tIa li <soy' so,\q s good seed which"li h 6io in [heo timo bring itrrth a goudly. hAorvest. For many reasons ho would likeo to continue and labour vamongst themt. The itea of parting was exceedtiugly I painful to him. But there wcLrg qoasoni why he should do so wlhith seoomed t h.'liinh imperative O is incli, nation i:s tO, stays but his duy tfiearecid to be to goq T'h counlict wva by 4io. meani iloasaut. flo had mado Ymny frjietda during his stay in the colony, not only in that church and. congre gation, but outside of it-riendsl whom when fir away he should ever renomnber with the deepest alffection. At length the time had come when he muast uI;tar hi public " farewell," and lio giuld a?ie do so inure appropriately than by reiterating the words of his Suuday evening texta la re peating there it was plain that the speaker was struggling, against omotlits solstrong that; nothing bnut a most doteinmined will carried hiim through witholut breaking ,lovn. Thro was a choking in his utter :mnc and sometthing more Ihan a suspicion of' tears in his oyes, which showed plainly how dillicult was his task. It has been our lot to see in divers places many ministers come, aid many go, but seldom indeed have we witnessed a parting in which he who goes and they who stay manifested so mueh real, hearty sor OP W. In the foregoing we have omitted to mention in its proper place, that Mfr. MLa thams stated, that beyond the testimonials which had been publicly presenteoi to him, he bad that evening had privately given to hini so many presents that he had been obliged to go homo and empty his pockets For these kindly sentiments of enteem he wasl profoundly grateful, and would evcr hold the donors in lovimng remembrance. And thus ended a very pleasant reunion, whilch was agreeably diversified by the skil:ful rendering of several anthems by the choer of the church. 