SPARKS. Percy Solomon, convicted of forgery and uttering. No extenuating circumstances ; yet a lot of people pray for a mitigation of sentence. Why ? Because he has friends ! Another poor devil might swing for the same offence, and no word of mitigation. Judge Josephson put the comether on Mr. William Alfred Clarson for bigamy-- only, four years isn't enough under the circum- stances ; there should have been, at least, four years for the seduction. For downright, upright, straight up and down, in and out, cross-buttocking logic, re- commend me to Mr. J. S. S hear s torr. His is quite a new line, and the schools of Locke, Baine, and others, must fall before this new luminary. There are now butchers galore Such as we ne'er saw before All a-selling prime mutton and beef ; There's McKay and Woolley, "Whose beef is quite Bull:, They're toppers-that's my belief. A paragTaphist ia the Bega Gazelle, sneak- ing of a Show that is now going the round of the provinces, writes thusly of the learned pig :-" The Ciceronic pig wades through proofs with ali the care of a five-pound-a L week reader, and plays euehre in a strie that would make Joe Silberberg or Johnny Miller's heart jump ten feet high with joy to see him do it. By and bye, tÇisjypig -will learn to pl nt aces up his sleeve, of float bogus mines, and then he'll be fit for* a seat in Parliament." Rather rough on our Collec- tive Wisdom. * Four prominent Home Rulers have intro- duced^' Bill for the better protection of iV^BSen^-^^t^to apply to Scotland, and cer- tainly not to leland-ho mention having been made to that effect. Now, this is« liiii I believe in ; but I fail to see that Scotland and ireland should be"left out in the cold in this way. Perhaps Messrs. McCarthy and Co. think that Englishmen alone are capable of practising fisticuffs upon their wives ; be that as it may, I say protect the women oí one part of the empire as well as another-and, on no account shonld this matter be lost sight of in New South Wales. " Prevention is better thaqrsjiire ; " who can doubt it ? Senior-constable Costigan, and constable Willet prevented . burglary the other day ; and are elevated to a notice in ja, " Herald" leader. Quite right too ; the police are too apt to wait until a crime is committed before they interfere-presumably, as the " Herald " says, to obtain promotion for the number of cases. Never mind the case, 1 say, follow the example of Costigan and i Willett, and prevent the deed being done. ! It occurs to me that Boyle, as a critic, is not up to much-whatever he may b¿ at cricket ; since we fiad most of the scoring is bein» done by Murdoch, Banueiman, und MASSIE. " Scottish papers will m>t have it that the would-be assassin is a native of the "land o' cakes '' They say he is an English Cockney, and that his real name is Patrick McCle^r." It is not to be thought of that a countryman of John Brown should bea would-bj regicide. Of course not! they never a killed their kings and queens in Scotland, oh, no! Tüat sort of business was left left to English IloU'id heads ; and in more recent times, u Patlander is considered fit to kill anything from a Kaiser to a rent collector. Bah Í A Melbourne correspondent of the " S. M* Herald " is rough on the footballer. He says : " There are scienco, and skill, and pluck, and bravery in boxing, but there is only ferocity in footballing. He, therefore, thinks there is nothing surprising in a drunken, foul- mouthed, football player. The same writer is> not inclined to let the cricketers off easy either. He says : " But for the matter of masculine madness, tricket is nearly as bad as football. The doings of the Australian cricketers, now in England, are recorded of a morning in the newspaper» in telegrams half a colnmn long. If they were fighting battles, upon which the fate ot Kingdom's depended, they could not be spoken of in terms of more extravagant praise." Well, now, there's a lot of truth in both these quotatious ; and without going the whole lengthwith the writer, I do tb mk that these athletic games are just a trifle over done. Fancy, now, our own Sireneree being the feted of kings and dictators ! Why, surely, he'll never come back to us less than a Baron - j none of King James' barrow knights, mind you, but the real stingo. " Business is business," as the celebrated Hobbs (not Hobbes) said t'other night to the Templare who wanted him to sign, when they saw him edging up to the plat- form, hat in hand, to make his bow to the ' lion of the evening.' " No you don't," said he of the bell; "I wan't to see the cove what pays the blunt." What a sell ; our philosopher didn't want to sign, he wanted his tin. No trust for bell-ringing ! The Sydney boiler-makers are not idl abke ; another Section of them have inter- viewed Mr. Goodchap, and repudiate all con- nection with the other mob. It is gratifying to know that there are sensible boiler-makers as wei! as other people. As I suspected : The spudeultura! editor of the " Independent," before he became a lamp cleaner, worked a kitchen garden out Botany way-hence his knowledge of carrots ; before he became acquainted with that savoury root he used to ciean a lawyer's hoots. And now, since his elevation to the lamp pjst, he tackles all round, just as the boss wants him, or as business is brisk or slack. It is not to be wondered at, then, that with such a training he should be quite an expert in bad law, and literary piracy-to say nothing of his remarkable ability in "learning" other people what he knows nothing of himself. Windsor pubs, hide your diminished heads, now that you are compared to ssvers and cess-pits. You are no longer wanted on earth, and total annihilation is your doom. Let us pray ! There is one thing can be said, re teetotal- ism, in the Fleet, that in the old day's when rum, 'bacca, and profanity were considered the correct thing, there were Nelson's and Ex mouth's and Napier's ; now-a-days, we hav'nt even their ghosts. And 'moreover, had Nelson been in the flesh, he'd have shown Hornby the way up the Dardanelles, while delivering a different kind-though not less spirited- aààtess to his jolly tars. " The Marquis of Queensbmy has had a quarrel v/ith the 4 Times ' b cause an 4 h ' wis left out in a letter to that journal, in which he had intended to describe himself as a 'thinker.' Result obvious." Say, Boss, don't this remind you of somebody who did double honours to our own Alex., made a sort nf double-barrelled pronoun of him? Still, it didn't come up to the abov-.>, did it ? considering the difference between the 44 Times " and the 44 Chronicle. " Joaquin Miller sings thusly: Who girt the thews of ou' youncr prime ? Why, who bat Moses slaped yoar course And i>ound your fierce, divided force United down the grooves of Timo 1 Tour mighty rrilI:ons, all to-day The hated, homeless Jews obôy. Who taught all histories to yoa ? The Jew, che bated, homeless Jew ! Who taught yon tender Bible teles Of honey -lands, of mi'k anti wine ? Of Iiappy, peaceful. Palestine Z Of Jordan's holy harvest-vaTes ? Who gp ve the patient Chnst 2 I say, Who gave you Christian creed ? Yea, yea, Who g?.ve y OJ r very God to you ? The Jew 1 The Jew ! The hated Jew I It is a healthy sign when we see the " Herald " speaking straight-which it did the other day, in a little article on Trophies and Amateur Athletes. There's far too much commerce mixed up in a good many things, as the " Heraldn itself knows better than anybody. Our willow-wielders are holding their own very well, and, as yet, only the cracks of the Cambridge Univer&ity; have lowered their colors. - Ï agree, however, with «hat has been said by several of your contemporaries, that we have superior advantages in this climate to become good cricketers than they have in England, taking into consideration the great difference in the climate and the longeJ period at our disposal for pjacticc-to which may be added, 1 th'nk, the much easier times we have here in the shape of short hours and holidays. VULCAN. 