[?] SHANDON BELLS. By WLLLIAM BLACK, AtfTHOB. OF ' MAgLEOD OF DASE,' &C;, &C.; [Published by special arrangements with the author. AH lights reserved.] Chapter IIL — A Fibst Cast. Fitzgerald did not get to sleep soon that night. As he walked rapidly away down the Fulham-road it seemed to him as if fiveand thirty different ways of beginning this fateful review were pressing in on his mind, and that he had lost all power to decide which ?was preferable. If he could have seen but the first page of the novel it might have given him some cine perhaps. But here he was eagerly and anxiously sketching out plans for 'reviewing a book of the contents of which he was wholly ignorant ; and it ap peared to Viim as if his brain had got the better of him altogether, and was running ahead in this aimless, distracted, and fruit less fashion quite independently of his control. At length, he reachedadimly-Iit little court yard in the Fulham-road, on one side of ?which stood a plain two- storeyed building. The ground-floor consisted of a large studio ; the upper floor served as a bedroom, and that Fitzgerald had secured as his lodging. He went carefully up the outside stair, un locked the door, lit a match and then a lamp, and here he was in the middle of a fairly large low -roofed apartment, somewhat scantily furnished, but quite sufficiently so for all his wants. The floor was for the most part bare ; and here and there was a bit of faded Turkey carpet or a withered old rug -which had most likely been flung out from the studios below as being even too worn and decayed for painting purposes. It was a fine place to think in, for there were few temptations in the -way of luxury about ; and he had plenty to think of. The projected magazine; Kitty's surprise on Searing the good news ; the wonderful evening he had just spent, and the strange contrast between the two great men ; nay, precise conversation of which he could re member every word ; all these things were enough to occupy him j but nearer than any of them came this pressing matter of the re view. What a chance it was ! And they said that London was an unfriendly city ! No w it could not be any interest in salmon flies that Lad led Mr. Gifford to place this opportunity before one who was quite unknown to him. True Mr. Gifford had seen certain excerpts from' the Cork Chronicle which Mr. Hilton Clarke had asked to be entrusted with (N.B. What would Kitty say to this? Was not that fte act of a friend?}, but ^gerald had a OTeat distrust of himself: he had not re garded these things of much value, and, cer fZLi- lie had never thought they would en title nim to have the chance given him of con tributing tofthe Liberal Review. At this moment all his thinking went clean out of his head; for there was a tremendous noise below-the noise of a powerful, rancous E voice that bellowed, or rather that raHied with the rattleof small drums '?Should anld acquaintance be forrnr-got. ''There's that brute begun again, said gifajgeraia to himself, mtha groan. ; But the brute, whoever he was, seemed to have no intention of continuing the song. There was a dead silence, in the course of ?which Fitzgerald speedily recovered his thoughts again. And first of all he was determined that, if the book gave him any fair excuse, the re view should be a friendly and good- natured one. For he had carefully noted certain remarks (what had he not carefully noted during that momentous evening?) that Mr. Gifford had addressed to Mr. Hilton Clarke with regard to the projected magazine. ' For one thing, my friend,' Mr. Gifford had said, bending his keen eyes on the tall, blond- bearded gentleman opposite him, ' I would advise you, in going over to this new thing, to leave behind you the affected pes simism of the Weekly Gazette' (this was a weekly journal to which Mr. Hilton Clarke was understood to contribute). 'That con tinual belittling of things; that continual discontent with everything that turns up in politics, or literature, or art does not pay. It is not wise. When the public^ find you always discontented, always looking at the hopeless side of things, always declaring that everything is going to the bad, they begin to suspect that you have reason for this discon tent— in other words, that your circulation is decreasing. Now that is a fatal impres sion. Besides, people will not read a paper, that fills them with gloom. Her can you bully the public with impunity. It is no use attacking them and scolding them, or treat ing them with scorn and contempt. You see, the public have simply to leave you unread, and that is a terrible business ; for then, you perceive, you cannot hurt them, but they do hurt you.' 'I should have thought,' said Hilton Clarke, with a gentle smile, 'that the circu lation of the WeeUy Gazette was somewhat bigger, a little bit bigger, than that of the Liberal Review.' ' Yes, no doubt ; no doubt,' said the other, cheerfully. ' though I am in hopes of seeing their relative positions reversed some day. But that is my advice to you. That tone of disappointment witheverything makes people begin to think that you are not getting on as well as you might be ; and that is very bad. Then the advertisers. Mind you, the adver tisers are also vertebrate animals, and they make up a considerable proportion of the public. 'And if you go on from week to week declaring that British tradesmen are univer sally swindlers, that railway directors should be indicted for wilful murder, and so forth, mind you, your advertising agent may have a bad time of it. Say he goes into a big cut lery place in Oxford-street. The foreman goes up to the master, * Here- is the adver tisement from the Weeldy Gazette, sir. He wants us to take the outside page nert week.' Then very likely the cutler may ,turn round and say, 'The Weeldy Gazette be hanged! Tell him that swindling isn't paying well just now, and we can't advertise. Swindlers, indeed ! Swindlers themselves ! The Weeldy Gazette be hanged !' ' Nowtbis advice, though it seemed to young Fitzgerald at the time to be not quite in accordance with the ruat ccelum principles professed by the Liberal Review (which was a very courageous, and vehement, and plain spoken organ), nevertheless appeared to him to be sound and sensible. Accordingly he now resolved that, if the merits of the book permitted it at all, he would treat . it in the most friendly fashion. Instead of scourging him with rods from out the groves of Academe the Liberal Review would take this new disciple by the hand and encourage him, and bid trim be of good cheer. Or irRat if the book were very good indeed, and alto gether beyond need of patronage? Then let literature be congratulated on this new adhesion 2 Fitzgerald remembered that the Liberal Review was rather fond of making discoveries. No reviews of the book, at least of any importance, had appeared, though people were talking enough about it. Might not he be the first to announce the advent of a new power in literature? If he only had the book — here— at 'once — 'And never bronght to mind?' — again came the giant roar from below. And what a tenacious memory the musician must have, was Fitzgerald's first thought, ten minutes certainly having elapsed since he sung the first line. And surely there must be some shaft or opening in the floor, other wise the sound could not come through in such volume? And what if perchance that shaft should be over the musician's head, on which a bucket of water misht be made to descend suddenly at the next bellow? But there was to be no more bellowing — except, indeed, a verse of the National Anthem, which Fitzgerald had already learned to recognise as the token that the arfist was about to retire for the night, pleased or not, as the case might be, with his work. ' Go-o-d-sa-ave the Qu-e-e-n!' roared the deep bass voice in dying cadence; then there was a curious clamping and shuffling', as if some one were doing a heel-and-toe step on a wooden floor; then silence. Either the artist was having a final pipe, or he had gone off. Next morning eleven o'clock was the earliest hour at which Fitzgerald deemed it fitting he should go to the office of the Liberal Review for the book, and even then he did not thick it probable that Mr. Gifford could have sent a message so soon. To his surprise, however, there the precious article was awaiting l»™ ; and so eager was he to see what sort of material this was on which he was to operate that the moment he got on top of the first passing Fulham omnibus he hastily undid the parcel, put two volumes in his pocket, and proceeded to cut the leaves of the other. He glanced over the first page or two — very good; a sort of playful introduc tion ; light, facetious, well-written ; in short, a clever little essay about a country- house and its guests in the hunting season. But the reviewer was more anxious to get to the people ; and these turned out to be, in the first instance, the three daughters of a duchess, who were at the same moment in their respective dressing-rooms and each im parting confidences to her maid. It was ingeniously arranged that these confidences should be reported in turn ; and there wife a very comical similarity among them, seeing that they all referred to a youthful marquis of vast possessions who was to arrive at the house that evening, and to the probable effect on him of certain costumes and styles of dressing the hair. Now Fitzgerald knew a great deal more about the habits of a 'stand' of golden plover than about the Ways and speech of duchess's daughters ; but he soon began to form the impression, and much to his dis appointment, that all this artificial talk — clever as it might be — was entirelyimpossible in the circumstances. Nay,ne began to feel just a touch of resentment that three young Englishwomen of good birth and breeding should have been represented as exhibiting themselves to their own domestics as so many flippant and giggling barmaids. It is true that Fitzgerald's father kept a small country hotel (and even that he did unsuccessfully), but the Fitzgaralds of Inisheenwere an old family, and had always been held of conse quence in that part of Ireland; Master Willie bad always been accustomed all his life to be addressed as 'ye'r honor' when out over bog and hill in search of game, and was himself possessed of not a little faith in the virtues of lineage and good blood. And was it possible, he almost indignantly asked him self, that any three young Englishwomen of decent parentage and education— putting the duchess out of the question altogether — should have so little self-respect as to make confidants of their maids in this fashion, and reveal their mean little schemes with the pertness of a soubrette in a fifth-rate farce? He passed on, however, in hope. The mar quis arrives just in time to be sent off to dress for dinner. Then the people of the neighborhood who are coming to dine are introduced; and here there was some very fair humorous sketching of a light kind ; Fitz gerald marking down one or two passages for approval. He read on and on — until he arrived at the courtyard. He read on and on (not so hopeful now) while his landlady brought him a chop, some bread, and a glass i of ale, his mid-day meal. He scarcely paid heed to these things so busy was he with this book— so anxious to make something out of it — so disappointed at finding, with all the occasional smartness, the characters not fleA and blood creatures at all, but mere ghosts. The dry bones would not live. By four o'clock lie had finished the book ; and he laid it down with a sigh. Yet out of it he had to make an article somehow; more than that, he was determined to have it done that very night, so that the editor of the Liberal Review should see that he could do his work promptly. So he set to work forthwith; and labored and labored away to make something outof the dry husks. Fortunately the bellowing gentleman beneath was absent, and he could work on in silence. The hours passed ; he had a cup of tea. Finally, after much correction and rewriting he bad a piece of work put together which, if it did not form a highly interesting article, was, he thought, as fair a judgment of the book as he could give. Just then, it being nearly nine o'clock, the last post brought him a letter, which he eagerly seized, for, though he had heard from Kitty that morning, might she not have taken it into her head — at the suggestion of her tender heart — to send him another little note by some strange means ? But this turned out to be from his father. 'My Deae Willie— That blackguard Maloney, the devil sweep him, won't renew the bill I told you of, and he's going to put bis low scoundrel of a brother on to have the law on me if I don't have the £40 ready by Tuesday next. I have tried to raise the money, but devil the penny can I get of it. Have yon ar y money yon conld spare ? Tis a mean trick of Maloney*s ; sure many's the time I've helped hisold spandfather when he hadn't as much clothes en bis hack as would hate lifted the kettle from the fire. Bad luckto him, 'tis all because my Marshal MacMahon beat his old scarecrow of a Galloper at Dr&noleague.; ? ' Tour affectionate father, 'Edward Fitzgerald.' Master Willie had arrived in Ijondonwith £38 in his pocket, and that was the total of his worldly wealth. . Had this letter come at «s.ny other moment it is possible he might have thought it hard be should have to part with that sum, or rather the greater part of it, to pay his father's Coursing Club debts. But what did he care for. a few sovereigns when a fine career had just been opened before him, with no other than Kitty as the final crown and blushing and beautiful reward ? Here was his first contribution to the Liberal Retriew ready to be deposited in the letter box. To-morrow he was_ to see Mr. Hilton Clarke about the sub-editorship of the new magazine. And this morning what was the message written in that sprawling but most loveablc hand?— 'Oh, Willie Darling, make haste and get on, and come back to me. And if your fine friend introduces you to any of the beautiful London ladies, just tell them 'there's a poor girl in Ireland that is break ing her heart for your sake.' ' No ; it was not at such a moment he was going to con sider the question of a few pounds. So he wrote — «Mt Deae. Fattier— I have altogether bow £33, of which I send you £30. for I must keep a small margin. Then you can bring my gvm to Lord Kiu sale's new agent (I forget hi ss name) who offered me £6 for it when he knew I was going away. The other £i yon will make up somehow, but don I sell old Bess. She and I may still live to have another turn at the snipe some day. . I think I have a good prospect here ; move particulars by- and-bye. ' Tour affectionate son, ' William Fitzgerald.' That letter, of course, he could not send off just then ; the money had to be made trans ferable first. But here was this other one for Mr. Gifford — which from time to time he re garded with a qualm of anxiety, not quite certain that after all he had done his best. However, he resolved that it was now too iate for doubt. He took it up, sallied forth into the night, sought out the nearest pillar letter-box ; and there deposited the fatal packet. That decisive step once taken, his heart felt somewhat lighter. The night was fine, and he went on aimlessly wandering along the gas-lit pave ments ; thinking of many things, but mostly of Inisheen, and perhaps mostly of all ofaa inland glen not far from there, and of running water, and of a certain moonlight night. Was not this Kitty's soft, low, trembling voice he could hear again in the silence? — My love I give to you ; my life I pledge to yon : viy heart IM:e not back from you, while this water runs. And perhaps she also-^-far away there beyond the sea, up in the. little room overlooking the wide sands— was recalling these words at tbis moment ; and, perhaps, also shivering a little as she thought of Doa Fierna and his elves? It was nearly twelve' o'clock when he re turned to the dim little courtyard ; and he was very tired ; and perhaps the loneliness of this great dark world of London was begin ning* to weigh on him, so that he was glad to thick of his escape into the realms of sleep (where Kitty was sometimes found walking about, with her soft black eyes laughing, and her voice as glad as ever.) But, as it turned out, his adventures for that night were not just yet over. Chaitee IV. — A New Acquaintance. Fitzgerald was just about to pass through the archway leading into the courtyard when he heard a sudden shuffling in front of him, and then a mans voice call out ' Help ! help ! police ! Instinctively he paused ; for he had no mind to enter into other people's squabbles ; and besides, he could not well see what was going on. But his appearance on the scene tad no doubt produced some effect, for before he had time to think a man dashed post him. Fitzgerald was in truth bewildered ; he had been dreaming of Inisheen ; not thinking of midnight robberies in London And now he was inclined to let well alone, and thank God he was rid of a knave, when another dark figure dashed by — quite close by, indeed; and at the same moment he felt a sharp blow on his face. This was too much. This brought him to his senses. He did not know exactly where he had been struck, but he knew that Ms face was tingling ; he knew that he had a stout oak staff in his hand, with a formidable knob at the end of it ; and the next thing he knew was that he was in full chase down the Fulham-road, with the most un-Christianlike {determination to give as good as he had got, or even better. The first man had disappeared, but this one was just ahead, and Fitzgerald was well aware that his only chance was to overtake the fellow before he could dodge into some byway or corner. Now the thief, or burglar, or whoever he was, ran very well, but his muscles had not had that training over rock and heather that his pursuer's had ; and the consequence was that in a very short space of time young Fitzgerald had so nearly over taken his man, and was so fearful of letting him escape, that he aimed a blow at the back of the fellow's head with his stout oak staff. The next minute Master Willie had nearly fallen over the body of his prostrate foe, for down he had come, after that sounding whack, prone on the pavement, where he lay without a sign of life, Then a third man came rushing up ; and Fitzgerald faced about, feeling now rather angry, and inclined to have it out with the rogues of London generally. But he instantly perceived that this little bare-headed, red bearded man, who now came wildly along, was no other than an artist whom he had once or twice observed going into the studio below his bedroom. 'You've got him,' he called out in great excitement ; 'you've got one o' them ?'c ' Yes, I've got him,' answered Fitzgerald, ' and now I've got him, I'd like to knowwhat to do with him.-'5 ' The scoundrels !' said the other breath lessly. 'If you hadna' come up, they'd have taken every penny I had on me. Eh, man,' he added, staring at his rescuer, ' did he hit ye? — your face is a' bluidy.' Fitzgerald had indeed felt something warm and moist about his cheek and chin ; and when he put his handkerchief up to his face he could see by the dim gaslight that he must have been bleeding pretty freely, ' Yes, he did'; and I think I hit him too — unless he's shamming. You go and get a policeman ; and I'll wait here by this fellow. If he becomes unruly I'll give him another taste of my Jcipeen.' The wild-haired artist left rapidly, and in a few seconds returned not only with one but two policemen, whom he had found talking together, and into whose ears he was now pom ing the whole story of how it had hap pened. Just as they came up, the man on the pave ment slowly raised himself on hie knees and began to rub the back of his head. 'Who done that?' he muttered, as if he were not quite awake. Then he seemed to collect himself some what ; he looked up and around; and perceiv ing the approaching policeman he uttered the one word ' copped,' and resigned himself to Ms fate. 'Why its the Cobbler, as I'm alive,' said one of the policemen, getting hold of him by the shoulder and turning the apathetic face round to the gaslight. 'He's been wanted ever since that job in the Cromwell-road.' ? ' Now look here, my good fellow,' said the Scotchman, ' I'm going to pick up my hat ; I'm no going to the station at this time o' night. Ye maun take my name and address, aiid 111 come in the mornrng and prefer the charge ? ' ' That'll do, sir ; there's more nor one job agin this man.' ' Off to the station, then, wi' the scoundrel ; and don't lose your grip of him. If you, sir,' he said, turning to Fitzgerald, ' walk back as far as my studio, ' I will give you a basin of water to wash your face in — it's the only way I can thank ye.' 'Ol-, but we are neighbors,' said Fitz gerald, ' I know you well enough. You are the man who makes such a frightful row with your Scotch songs.' 'Eh, how do you know that?' said the other sharply. ' Because my room is over your studio.' 'Bless me — then you ,are the man that goes tramping up and down all night — tramp, tramp — tramp, tramp — then five minutes' rest — then tramp, tramp— tramp, trampr— up and down — man, I've always jnctured ye as a sort of Eugene Aram, wringing your hands ; I felt sure ye had murdered somebody. Or a hyena in a cage. What do ye gang on iu that way for?' ' It's a bad habit, that is all.' ' But what's your business ?' said the other, bluntly. ' I write for newspapers.' ' I did not think that was such hard work. It jraust cost ye a lot in shoe leather,' said the Scotchman, drily. ' However, when I've got my hat, ye maun come in and have a glass ; I was just getting back to my supper when the scoundrels grippet me. I wish I had a candle, I'm thinking the police, now we've handed over to them such a notorious creeminal, might give us another gas-lamp in this in fernal dark yaird.' Without the aidof acandle, however, he soon picked up his hat ; then he led the way iuto a hollow -sounding and apparently spacious room ; lit the gas, and forthwith proceeded to get his companion some fresh water with which to wash his face. And while Fitzgerald, who found that the bleeding had proceedec merely from the nose, and that he was not cut at all, was performing that operation, the Scotchman, with a smartness which showed that he was familiar with the exigencies of camping out, had lit a little gas stove, pro duced some tinned meat, and put a quiet snow-white table-cloth on a small table, with seme glasses, plates, knives and forks. 'Now we'll have a bit of supper, and a crack,' said he, ' since w're neighbors. Will I make ye dish of hot soup? Five minutes will do it.' ' Oh, no, thank you,' said young Fitz gerald, who was much taken with the frank ness of this short, broad- shouldered, red bcardedand keen-eyed person. ' That tinned beef wilt 3© capitally for me. But what I should like better than anything,' he said, casting his eyes round the big, gaunt and dusty studio, which had very little furniture beyond the heaps of canvasses all ranged with their faces to the wall, would be to have a look at your pictures.' ' My pictures?' said the other. '' Oh, yes. As ye're a newspaper man ye're not likely to be a buyer.' ' You would rather not show them to a buyer, then V' 'There is nothing in the wide world I hate so much,' said the other, busying himself with the table, 'little_ experience as I have of it. I don't mind criticism — the sharper the more likely I am to get something out of it. But the valuation in money — that's what gangs against the grain. Come, sit down, man ; ye're none the worse for the stroke on the nose. The water is near boiling :iuvady, and yo'll have a glass of toddy. Hc-ri;\s the bottle and there's the sugar.' ' Thank you ; but I don't drink whisky.' ' Hwhat !' shouted the red-bearded artist, nearly letting the bottle fall. ' Hwhat dy'e say ? ? ' ' But I've got some beer overhead. I will fetch some in a minute ? ' 'Gudt preserve us, laddie ; but if it's ale ys want, there's a bottle or two in the corner What's your name, by the way ?' ' Fitzgerald.' ' Mine's Ross. John Koss. Fall to, man ; there's no use wasting time over meat wheu there's a pipe and a glass o' toddy to follow.' Fitzsrerald soon found out that he was ex cesgively hungry, and as the cold beef and the bottled ale were alike excellent, he did ample justice to both, while with' equanimity .he submitted to be examined and cross examined by this frankly down-right ac quaintance. 'You're one o' the lucky ones, I can see/' said Roes, when Fitzgerald had told him how his literary prospects were. ' Ye've fallen on your feet just at once. Here have I been iu London near six years, and I have iiavena' sold as many pictures as I have sold in two seasons when 1 was pentin' in Perthshire in a cara van. But, bless ye, what does it matter ?' he continued, with cheerful good-humor. 'I have all the more pictures to sell when I do fall on my feet. 1 envy nobody, so long as I can get a crust of bread ; for I reckon on my time coming.' 'Of course if you were to get into the Academy youv pictures would have a great additional value, I suppose,' Fitzgerald ob served. ' The Academy !' said John Ross, with a stare. ' Bo you mean me becoming a member of the Academy V ' Of course. Isn't that the natural am bition of every artist V said his new acquain tance. 'Oh, but that's luck beyond anything I'm thinking of,' said the other, imperturably, as he proceeded to pour out some scalding hot water on a couple of lumps of sugar. 'Just think of all the men there are pentin '; and the chances of any one of them getting such a stroke of luck as that. No, no ; all I hope for is that they who are in the Academy would be a bit friendly.' If there's any one bears them a grudge, it's no me— if the chance happened my way, wouldn't I take it ; and how can I blame them ? No, the bit of luck I hope for is to get a good place some day on the walls ; and that is no easy ; if you think of all the people who want to be liung. They did hang one o' mine last year; but it was away at the roof ; so you see my line of luck is no clear before me yet, and yours is.' 'But I have only the chance,' said Fitz gerald. 'Since I have come to London I liavn't earned a penny, as far as I snovf.' 'Hear till him! Man ye've everything before ye. Ye've all the train nicely laid ; ye've only to light the match, and whaff' goes the pouther !' By this time they 3iad both lit their pipes, and John Itoss'went on to talk about hi3 own art in a way that very soon astonished his companion. Whether he could paint or not was still, as far as his companion was con cerned, an open question, but at least he could talk, and that in a manner that was quite surprising. His vague, rambling dis course, warming up now and again into en thusiasm, was really eloquent, in a curious, bizarre, bappy-go-lucky kind of fashion ; full of figures; of quick, happy illustrations; scornful at times, as lie hit out right and left ; and occasionally describing an object as if he had flashed a ray of sunshine on it. Fitz gerald was intensely interested, and could have gone on for ever listening ; but at the same time he could not help wondering what the actual work was like of a man who was at one moment denouncing the pre-Raphaelites for their worship of sadness, their archaic mannarisms, and their castiron hardness of form, and at the next denouncing the French landscape artists for their fuzziness of detail, their tiickiness, their evasion of daylight. ' It is not what I can do myself,' he said at last, observing that Fitzgerald's eyes had strayed once or twice to the canvases. ' It is what I know I should try to do. Suppose you want to paint a field of ripe corn — will ye get at it, do ye think, by sitting down and pentin' the stalks and the heads— ay, if ye were to spend a lifetime at it, and paint fifty thousand of them ? No one bit — if ye painted a hundred thousand of them as like as like could be, ye'd be no nearer getting at your cornfield. For what ye have to paint is vt-hat ye see ; and when je look at a cornfield ye see nae single stalks at all, but a great mass of gold, as it were, with a touch of orange here, or paler yellow there, and a wash of green where the land is wet, and sometimes of warm red, even where the stalks are mixed with weeds. And ye are no going to get that color either by chasing the daylight out of the sky, and taking the thing iato a room, and making a clever bit of a fuzzy French sketch in grey and green and black. - 'That's easy, but it's no the corn field. Ay, and there's more. Ye've got to paint more than ye see. Ye've got to put just that something into the cornfield that will make people's hearts warm to it when they see it on your canvas. Suppose that ye've been ill for a month or two ; laid on your back maybe, and sick tired of the patten on the walls o' your room ; and at hist the day comes when the doctor thinks you might be lifted into a carriage and taken out for a drive. And well say it's a fine warm after noon, and your heart is just full of wonder and gladness, like, at the trees and the sun light and the soft air ; and we'll say that all of a sudden, at the turning o' the road, ye come in sicut or this held or ripe corn, jusc as yellow as' yellow can be under the glow of the sky. Ay, and what is it when ye see such a wonderful and beautiful thing — what k it that brings the tears to your e'en ? I say, what is it? For it's that ye've got to catch and put in your picture ; or ye'll be a d ? mistake as a painter.' Fitzgerald did not stay to ask him whether this; was not demanding that the landscape painter should possess the nervous system of an invalid (though perhaps something might be said even for that theory, as applied to all forms of art) ; he was much too interested to interrupt. But by a singular 'chance Koss drifted away from painting altogether. He was talking of the instinct for good, color that many people had who had no artistic training whatsoever ; and, by accident, he referred to fish and artificial flies, and so forth. Fitz gerald looked up suddenly. ' Are you a fisherman too ?' he said quickly. ' A wee bit. Are you ?' 'I have thrown a ay,' said Fitzgerald modestly, and feeling in his pocket for a certain envelope. . 'As I was saying, that's why I hold the salmon to be the king o' fish. He knows good color. It's no use trying him with your aniline dyes ; yellow and scarlet, and gold — that's what he watches for ; whereas trout — ay,'and even sea trout— are a mean, depraved, magenta-minded race o' creatures. Man, I filled my basket last year in Perthshire with the most miserable puce things.' . ' But what was the color?' 'Puce. A dirty, drab-lilac kind of thing it was. But that was naething to the fly that was recommended me for sea trout in Argyle shiie — ay, and it took too. Just think of this. — the body arsenic green worsted, with a bit of white tinsel ; thehackle a purple blue; and the wings— heaven knows where they came from except it might have been from a loodieciow— a heedjous grey, like the color of a decayed corpse. So ye think a salmon would have looked at sucha thing?' 'Perhaps,15 said Master Willie, as he slowly drew out an envelope from his pocket and put it on the table, 'this would be more to his liking- 5' 'Eh man'/' said Boss, drawing out the great flies in all their royal splendor of crimson silk, and yellow tinsel, and golden pheasant feathers. 'Where got ye them?' ' I have been amusing myself makingthem for a friend — the man I told you about ; I could not think of any other way of showing him I was sensible of his kindness.' ' Ay, did ye make these yersel ? Now that I think of it, ye dinna look as if ye had spent, a' your life in a newspaper office.' 'I have spent most of it tramping over ?wild bogs and on hillsides,' said Fitzgerald, with a laugh. 'A good deal more than I should have done.' 'Shooting?' 'Yes.' 'What sort?' ' Oh, mostly wildfowl ; teal, snipe, wood cock, and so on, chiefly in the winter.' 'Hard work, then?' But here the conversation went far afield ; for there were descriptions of winter nights on the bog- land, and winter morning on the hill, and wild adventures along the shore in snow time or in the hard black frost. Even to Fitzgerald himself— who was pleased to see how interested his companion was in these reminiscences — it seemed that they were more picturesque now and here in London than when he had to get up shivering in the dark morning, and dress by candle-light, and sally forth through the silent streets of Inifiheen. He forget the wet clothes in de scribing the view from the mountain side out- looking to the sea. He forgot the morti cation of misses in the glory of lucky finds. These days of sport that are lived over again iu memory geuerally end with a heavy bag : and however tired and cold and wet and hungry the sportsman may have been in reality, he forgets all that, and remembers only the delight with which that heavy .bag is thrown down in the hall, and the warm snug evening afterwards, when the dinner things are removed, and chairs drawn to the fire, and the friendly tobacco begins to throw a channover the soul. . Only once did Fitzgerald, who, it must be confessed, had enjoyed talkino- over these things, try to start his companion off again about painting. 'Are you a sea painter V he said. 'Do you paint sea-pieces as well ?' — and then he glanced again at the dusty grey canvases. ' I :' said Ross. 'No, I should think not. Why , it would break my heart. O fcher things are difficult enough ; but that : Man, I see the pictures of the sea at the academy that just make one laugh. Every wave as accu rately shaped and modelled as if it was ..cast out of melted cannon ; every little turn of foam as clean cut as a meerschaum pipe. God, the fellows must be cleverer than Joshua, the son of N*an, for they must have got the sea as well as the sun. and clouds to stand still. Did ever man's eye see moving water like that ? Moving water that is a con stant distraction of lights and shifting shadows and forms — lightning touches you might say, so swift are they — all bewildering and glanc ing round ye ; and that is what ye begin to cut and carve and stick en canvas as if it were slices of cream- cheese on the top o' green sealing-wax. No, no ; it's bad enough inland. Even when ye get perfectly still shadows on a perfectly still loch there's an oily kind of glisten that no pent-box is likely to get for ye. Eh, and such chances as we had sometimes at the wild fowl when we were camping out — that would have made your mouth water ; ay, and at black game too. Nearly every morn ing when we went out to wash in the burn — that was when we had the caravan in Perth shire — I've seen them walking about without the least fear o' us. Maybe the old black cock ?would give a cluck-cluck of warning, but the hen and brood scarcely heeded. 'Deed I once hit an old grey hen with a pent brash, as sure as death. And when, at last, the keeper lent me'a gun and said I might shoot a bird once in a while — for our own cooking1, ye ken — out I went as early as six o'clock ? ' So again they were back on the various adventures and experiences of shooting ; re calling vivid rambles in other years, now in Inverness-shire, now on the desolate bog lands near to Inisheen. And so interesting was this talk, that when Fitzgerald definitely rose to depart, at the hour of half-past four in the morning, he had almost forgotten he had npt seen his host's pictures. ' Pictures,' said John Boss, with a laugh, 'toots no, man, ye can see pictures any day, and better than mine. But I would like ye to come in whenever ye have half an hour, and smoke a pipe and let us know how ye are getting on.' ' All right, I shall be'delighted,' said Fitz gerald, most heartily. 'And I may learn something to-morrow — that is to say, i£ niy nose has not become twice its natural size, in which case I shall keep indoors.' (To be continued.) 