A SNOW STOBM. That is a striking line with which Emer son opens his beautiful poem of the 44 Snow storm" — 11 Announced by all the trumpets of the eky, Arrives the snow, and, driving o'er the fields, Seems nowhere to alight." One seems to see tbe clouds puffing their cheeks as they sound the charge of their white legions. Bat the line is more accu rately descriptive of a rain-storm, as, in both summer and winter, rain is usually preceeded by wind. Homer, describing a snow-storm in his time, says : 44 The mods are lulled." The preparations of a snow-storm are, as a rule, gentle and quiet ; a marked hush per vades both the earth and the sky. The movements of the celestial forces are muffled as if the snow already paved the way of their coming. There is no uproar, no clashing of arms, no blowing of wind trumpets. These soft, feathery, exquisite crystals are formed as if in the silence and privacy of the inner cloud-chambers. Bude winds woald break the spell and mar the process. The cloudB are smoother, with less definite outlines and slower movements than those which bring rain. In fact, everything is prophetic of the gentle and noiseless meteor that is approaching, and of tbe still ness that is to succeed it, when 44 all the batteries of sound are spiked," as Lowell says, and 44 we see the movements of life as a deaf man sees it — a mere wraith of the clamorous existence that inflicts itself on our ears when the ground is bare." After the storm is fairly launched, the winds not in frequently awake, and, seeing their opportu nity, pipe the flakes a lively dance. I am speaking now of the typical, full-born, mid winter storm that comes to ns from the N. or N.N.E., and that piles the landscape knee-deep with snow. Such a storm came to us the last day of January — the master-storm of the winter. Previous to that date we had had but light snow. The spruces had been able to catch it all upon their arms, and keep a circle of bare ground bene&th-them; where the birds scratched. But the day following this fall they stood with their lower branches completely buried. If the Old Man of the North had but sent us his couriers and errand-boys before ! The old crevbeard appeared himself at our doors on this occasion, and we were &jl; his subjects. His flag was upon every tree and roof, his seal npon every door and window, and his embargo upbn every path and highway. He slipped down npon ns, too, under the cover of such a bright seraphic day — a day that disarmed suspicion with aU but the wise ones, a day without a cloud or a film, a gentle breeze from the west, a dry, bracing air, a blazing Bun that brought out the bare ground under the lee of the' fences and farm buildings, and at night a spot less moon near her full. The next morning the sky reddened in the east then became grey, heavy, and eilent. A seamless cloud covered it. The smoke from the chimneys went up with a barely perceptible slant toward the north. In the forenoon the cedar birds, purple finches, yellow-birds, nut hatches, blue- birds, were in flocks, or in couples or trios about the trees, more or less noisy and loquacious. About noon a thin, white veil began to blur the distant southern mountains. It Was like a white dream slowly descending npon them. The first flake or fiakelet that reached me was a mere white speck that dame idly circling and eddying to the ground. I could not see it after it alighted. It might have been a scale from the feather of some passing bird, or a larger mote in the air that the stillness was allow ing to settle. Yet it was the altogether inaudible and infinitisimal trumpeter that announced the coming storm, the grain of sand that heralded the ooean. Presently another fell, then another ; the white mist was creeping up the river valley. How slowly and loiteringly it came, and how microscopic in its first sittings ! This mill is bolting its flour very fine, you think. Bnt wait a little ; it gets coarser by-and-bye ; you begin to see the flakes ; they increass in numbers and in size, and before 1 o'clock it is snowing steadily. The flakes come straight down, but in half an hoar they have a marked slant towards the north ; the wind is taking a hand in the game. By mid-afternoon the storm is coming in regular pulse -beats or in vertical waves. The wind is not strong, but seems steady ; the pineB hum, yet there is a sort of thythmfc throb in the meteor ; the air toward the winds looks ribbed with steady moving vertical waves of snow. The impulses i travel along like undulations in a vast bus- ; penned white curtain, imparted by some invisi- I hie hand then in the north-east. As the day deolinee she storm waxes, the wind increases, and the snow-fall thickens. Then comes that " tamTfitUotls privacy of storm," of Emerson's famons line, which you fee! outside as well as in. Oat of doors you seem in a vast tent of snow ; the distance is shut out, near by objects are bidden ; there is a white curtain above you and white screens about you, and you feel housed and secluded in storm. Your friend leaves your door, and he iB wrapped away in white obscurity, caught up in a cloud, and his footsteps are obliterated: Travellers meet on the road and do not see or hear each other till they are face to face. The passing train, half a mile away, gives forth a near wraith of sound. ItB whistle is deadened as in a dense wood. Still the storm rose. At 5 o'clock I went forth to face it in a two-mile walk. It was exhilarating in the extreme. The snow was lighter than chaff. It had been dried in the Arctic ovenB to the last degree. The foot sped through it without hindrance. I fancied the grouse and quails quietly sitting down in the open plaoes, and letting it drift over them.f With head under wing and wiog Bnugly folded they would be softly and tenderly buried in a few moments. The mice and the squirrels were in their dens, but I fancied the fox asleep npon some rock or log, and letting the flakes cover him. The hare in her form, too, was being warmly sepulohered with the rest. I thought of the young cattle and the sheep hnddled together on the lee side of a haystack in some remote field, all enveloped in mantles of white. 44 1 thought me on the ourie cattle, Or silly eheep, wha bide this brattle O' wintry war, Or thro' the drift, deep-lairing eprattle, Beneath a acaar. Ilk happing bird, wee helpless thing, That in the merry months o' spring Delighted me to hear thee sing, What eorsje o' thee ? Whore will thou cowr thy chittering wing, And close thy ee ?" As I passed the cre«k I noticed the white woolly maEses that filled the water. It w&b; as if somebody np above had been washing his sheep and tbe water had carried away all tbe wool, and I thought of the Psalmist's phrase, 44 He giveth snow like wool." On tbe river a heavy hill of snow simulates a thin layer of cotton batting. The tide drifts it along, and where it meets with an obatrua- tion along shore, it folds up and becomes wrinkled or convoluted like a fabric, or like cotton sheeting. Attempt to row a boat through it, and it seems indeed like cotton or wool, every fibre of which resists your progress. As the sun went down and darkness fell, the storm impulse reached its full. It became a wild conflagration of wind and snow : tbe world was wrapt in frost flame ; it enveloped one, and penetrated his lungs and caught away his breath like a blast from a burning city. How it whipped around and under every oover and searched out every crack and crevice, sifting nnder the shingles in the attic, darting its white tongue under the kitchen door, puffing its breath down tbe ohimney, roaring through the woods, stalking like a sheeted ghost across the hills, bending in white and even changing forms above the fences, sweeping across the plains, whirling in eddies behind the buildings, or leaping spitefully np their walls — in short, taking the world entirely to itself and giving a loose rein to its desire. But in the morning, behold ! the world was not consumed. It was not the besom of destruction after all, but the gentle hand of mercy. How deeply and warmly and spot lessly Earth's nakedness is clothed! — tbe 44 wool" of the Psalmist nearly two feet deep. And, as far as warmth and protection are concerned, there is a good deal of tbe virtue of wool in sneh a snow-fall. How it protects the grass, the plants, the roots of the trees, and the worms, insects, and smaller animals in the ground ! It is a veritable fleece ,#beneath which the shivering earth (4( the frozen hills ached with pain," says one of our young poets) js restored to warmth. vv nen tne temperature of tne air is at zero, the thermometer, placed at the surface of the ground beneath a foot and a half of snow, would probably indicate but a few degrees below freezing ; the snow is rendered such a perfect non-conduotor of heat mainly by reason of the quantity of air that is caught and retained between the crystals. Then now, like a fleece of wool, it rounds and fills out the landscape, and uMtkes the leanest and most angular field look smooth. The day dawned and Continued as inno cent and fair as the day which had preceded — two mountain-peaks of sky and sun, with their valley of cloud and snow between. Walk to the nearest spring ran on euoh a morning, and you can s& the Colorado valley and the great canons of the West in minia ture, carved in alabaster. In the midst of the plain of snow lie these chasms ; the ver tical walls, the bold headlands, the turrets and spires and obelisks, the ronnded and towering capes, the carted and buttressed precipices, the branch valleys and canons, and the winding and tortuous course of tbe main channel are all here — all that the Yosemite or Yellowstone have to show, but the terraces or cascades. Sometimes my canon is bridged, and one's fancy runs nimbly across a vast erch of Parian marble, and that makes np for the falls and the ter races. Where the ground is marshy I come upon a pretty and vivid illustrati&n; of what I have read and been told of the Florida formation. This white and brittle limestone is undermined by water. Here are tbe dim ples and depressions, the sinks and the wells, the springs and the lakes. Some places a mouse might break through the surface and reveal the water far beneath, or the snow gives way of its own weight and you have a minute Flcrida well, with the truncated cone-shape and alL The arched and subter- terranean pools and passages are there likewise. But there is a more beautiful and funda mental geology than this in the snow-storm : we are admitted into nature's oldest labora tory and see the working of the law by which tbe foundations of the material universe were Hid — the law or mystery of crystallisation. The earth is built upon crystals ; tbe granite rook is only a denser and more compact snow, or a kind of ice that was vapour once I and may be vapour again. A little more I time, a little more heat, and the hills are but April snow-banks. Nature has but two forms : the cell and the crystal — the crystal first, the cell last. All organic nature ie built up of the cell; all inorganic of the crystal. Cell upon cell rises the vegetable, rises the animal ; crystal wedded to and com pacted with crystal stretches the earth beneath them. See in the Wing snow the old cooling and precipitation, and the shoot ing, radiating forme that are the architects of planet and globe. We love the sight of the brown and ruddy earth ; it is the oolour of life, while a enow- covered plain is the face of death ; yet Bnow is but the mark of the life- giving rain ; it, too, is the friend of man — the tender, sculp turesque immaculate, warning, fertilising snow.— -Tiie Century . 