LESSONS FROM THE LATE EXHIBITION. IT is evident, from the very large number of country visitors to the late exhibition, that the annual meetings at Bowen Park are now firmly established in public favour as the principal agricultural event of the year, and that they will now stand on their merits, even after what has been designated the "shop w window" element has been entirely eliminated. There was something very substantial about the exhibits in the agricultural division. They were with very trifling exceptions, the produce of, or manufactured in, the colonies, 'The few imported live stock were the bona-fide property of the exhibitors, and in use in the colony. There can be no doubt that the heavy dmf is will, in future, be the great of entry of in the horse section at these exhibitions and not only so but, if their owners are wise, many specimens of medium nondescripts will be seen no more in the metropolitan show-ring. The council w iii find it necessary to make additional provision for heavy drafts both in stabling and parade accommodation before another year. A new class is urgently required in the light division of horses. It is scarcely fair to invite conij)etn)ioii between trotters and i roadsters in the same class. If the association is desirous of encouraging the breeding of trotters space must be one of the main points to be adjudicated upon. Although the show of cattle was superior to that of any previous year, there was evidence that a little more weeding out is required. The practice of saving every male animal as a stud beast in a pure herd is an injudicious one. There must be weeds in every herd where families or tribes are so indiscriminately bred together as is the case in Australia. It ought to near to a decision in this matter to remember that the sole of an inferior animal is bad for the reputation of the herd. The animal may chance to be taken into a district where the character of the herd from which he springs is not known, and many may therefore form their opinion of the herd from that one poor speci- men. It is generally known amongst by readers that an inferior purebred bull calf particu- larly amongst shorthorns-will very frequently, when castrated, grow up into a very handsome bullock. Many an English herd has been brought into prominent notice and public favour by the exhibition of a purebred fat bullock, and perhaps some of our breeders might do worse than adopt this as one mode of advertising their herds at a metropolitan exhibition, particularly as all improvements in the bords tend in one direction-the increase in quantity and quality of beef, Much has been said and written of late on the subject of the house feeding of sheep. It is contended by some that house-fed sheep utterly of the flock. There is only somêTriïïh rivals assertion. Those who have long practised it have found by experience that, whilst house feeding develops the good qualities, it also discloses the bad points of a sheep. No doubt, if the experiences of breeders such as Mr. Slade, Mr. Mason, or Mr. Wallace were to be made public it would be found that they have to exercise as great care and caution in the culling of stabled as in grass-fed sheep. Stable f ceding, although giving stronger and healthier staple with a greater flow of yolk, cannot possibly give a dinner fleece. An English visitor, after having been shown round an Australian sheep run, had his attention directed to a small flock of pet sheep). On inquiring of the owner why they were so much superior to the general run of the flocks, the latter replied, "Oh, but they are pets." " Then," said the visitor, " why the deuce don't you make pets of the whole of your sheep ?" The question was a natural one, and much to the point. A similar remark was made by an English visitor at the late Toowoomba show on comparing some stable-fed with grass-fed sheep. It will not be denied that feeding has been one of the most powerful factors in the improvement of all our domestic animals, and it is also true that other things being equal the progeny of a sheep reared and developed under generous treatment is superior to that of a sheep of the same family that has existed only on the indigenous pasture ages of the colony. The association will do well, therefore, to encourage the exhibition of well-nurtured sheep, and breeders of stud sheep will no doubt be found willing to respond to the invitation. These exhibitions are of an educational nature, and one of their objects ought certainly to be to show to what perfection it is possible to bring the Australian merino. Queenslander. THE following paragraph recently appeared in the Queenslander : Mr. W. Sly, of Ardoch, at a meeting of the Thargomindah Jockey Club, promised a 100 guinea cup to be run for at the next race meeting. It is reported that Mr. Sly will be a candidate for the representation of the district at the next Parliamentary election. , My first thought (says " Endymion ") was one of ( admiration for the munificent promise and the generosity of the donor. But no sooner had my usually phlegmatic disposition been aroused to an abnormal state of warmth than down it went again degrees below zero, and I fell back into my cynical Mephistophclian mood. That "it is reported that Mr. Sly will be a candidate for the representation of the district at the next ' Parliamentary election did it. Oh, Mr. Sly ! you may be Sly by name,, but you are far from Sly by nature. You are too in genuous, too confiding, and you lack worldly wisdom. Why, oh why, did you let the announcement of your intended gift and, your intended candidature appear in the same paragraph. Man, you are not half nor a quarter crafty enough. You should have let your political ambition remain in the dark, and then, having made promises galore, you should have permitted yourself to be dragged from your much-loved privacy into public life. Perhaps, though, after all you are deeper and more Sly than I take you to bo. The 100 guinea cup promise may be a conditional one, to be ratified only on your successful candide time. If so, I take back all I have said, and express my opinion that you will make your mark in the Assembly if ever you get there. THE effective strength of the Spanish army up to the year 1884 has been fixed. The army for service in the Peninsula will number 27,000 man, but this figure does not include the forces employed in the colonies, or the reserves. ONE of the German papers reports from Alexandria that Arabi Pasha has ordered the life of Napoleon I to be translated into Arabic ! and at a recent meeting of his friends he said with emphasis: "Napoleon is my model. I will do what that great man did ; nay. I will do more I will found an Arabian Empire." He endeavours to gain the reputation of a prophet among the people by frequently quoting the Koran, and spreading reports of his having had familiar conversations during the night with the ghost of Mahomet. On the 20th of June, as he was on his way to the mosque, he suddenly stopped and stared as if he were seeing a vision ; then he stamped his foot on the ground, and declared that a gun had been buried there. Ills followers afterwards had excavations made on the spot and a gun was really found one foot below the surface. 7, 