The Silverleaf Papers. HUMAN GULLIBILITY. IN all ages, amongst all nations, the learned and refined, or the ignorant and vulgar, man has been the subject of delusions various, strange, and manifold. Each nation has its own beliefs and superstitions, which partake in a great measure of the character of the people who hold them. The dwellers in Eastern countries have faith in magic, both benevolent and malicious — in genii and talismans. Scandinavian nations have visions of weird spectres, as dark and dismal as their own pine forests, and as gloomy as their long nights. The Germans tell strange legends, dreamy and mystical, of haunted caves and castles, and apparitions of gigantic size guarding mountains of treasure. The Irish, a gay light-hearted people—when not stirred by passion—tell of a world of "good people," a race of fairies kindly and beneficent, but easily offended. Whilst the super- natural beliefs of the English and Scotch vulgar are mostly of the 'raw-head and bloody-bones " type. From ancient times up to quite modern days the most ordinary events of life had their attendant super- stitions. Folk lore hampered the nurse of the new- born child with numerous restrictions. It was unlucky to weigh it, or to cut its nails for twelve months, though they might be bitten off; or to take it down stairs before it went up ; its cradle must not be rocked when the rightful occupant was not in it ; and nume- rous other fancies of the same sort, which were duly attended to to secure the child's success in life. Marriage also, had its auguries and omens : love phil- tres, magical invocations and charms were sought, in the effort to pierce, the future and discover the intended partner in life. An unlucky month must not be chosen for marriage, and May was of all to be avoided. Great too would be the dismay of the bridal party if on the way to church they by chance encountered a dog, cat, priest, serpent, or hare ; whilst the marriage would be a happy one if they met a wolf, spider, or toad. Superstition clings thickly round the last act in life's drama. A dog howling or a hen crowing presage death ; also the ticking of the death-watch, or three blows upon a door without visible means, with a sound as if struck by a rod. When death takes place the tolling of the passing bell was to scare the evil spirits waiting tc claim the soul ; whilst it was a good omen for the repose of the departed if it rained during the funeral. If after death the body remains flexible it will be followed by another in the family within a year. The lights that gleam and dance fitfully on swampy ground are corpse candles, and foretell that a funeral will shortly pass that place ; cinders from a fire if of oblong shape are coffins and death warnings, as are also the gut- tering of candles, the unmelted wax forming a winding sheet. Death omens have ever been favourite delu- sions, and most aristocratic families have their own par- ticular ghost or banshee, warning them of coming dissolution ; of this class was the swan with the bleeding breast that used to appear on the lake at Closeburn Castle, in Dumfriesshire, the ancient seat of the Kirk patricks ; the white-breasted bird of the Oxenhams ir Devon ; the sturgeon forcing its way up the Trent as a warning to the Cliftons of Clifton Hall, Nottingham- shire ; the apparition of the Benedictine nun, whose gloomy shadow haunted the ancient Roman Catholic family of Middleton, in Yorkshire ; the giant oak floating upon the lake near the dwelling of the Bere tons ; the two owls perched upon the battlements ol the mansion of the Arundels of Wardour, and hundreds of others, to each of which no doubt there was sonu interesting legend, but of which in most cases th« origin has been lost. Unlucky days were at one time so numerous that they must have taken a goodly slice out of the year ; during these days no wedding would be happy if contracted or business or journey prosper ; nor should any great undertaking be commenced, and a sickness or accident occurring was likely to end in death ; and the unlucky child who should commence existence on one of these proscribed days was deemed unfortunate indeed. Friday has always been accounted a black day, and amongst Christian nations it would seem easy to trace its origin, did not antiquarians prove that its ill odour existed long before the Christian era, and also that the Brahmins of India believe it to be an evil day. The superstition in the present day chiefly has weight with sailors, who cling to it with the utmost tenacity. In the 17th century human gullibility seemed to have reached its zenith-ghosts innumerable appeared, and witchcraft and magic, with other black arts, were supposed to be practised. No town was without its astrologer, or hamlet its wise woman — there were dreamers of dreams, and seers of visions, learned men burned the midnight oil in the search for the philo- sopher's stone, and wasted time and substance in the effort to fathom nature's secrets, and to be able to transmute baser metals into gold. Any one acquiring wealth suddenly was accredited with having made the grand discovery, and the impecunious would bring bars of lead or iron, imploring the kicky one to convert them into something more precious. Hundreds of men studied the stars, not to increase their astrono- mical knowledge, but to read the destiny of human lives. Others, again, strove vainly to discover some chemical combination which should prove the Elixir of Life, lengthening out the poor span of human days, renewing life until an indefinite period ; these searchers loBt all enjoyment in the time so swiftly fleeting, let their bodies weaken, waste, and fade,— hoping against hope that some lucky moment would reveal the hidden secret, and that even when on the brink of the grave their youth would be renewed, and life, with all its joys, hopes, and ambitions, commence for them once more. Alchemists have frequently been found dead over their crucibles, poisoned by the noxious fumes they themselves evolved, in their eager search for the unattainable—poor victims of delusion. Vain and disappointing as must have been the failures of these searchers after impossible knowledge, like many other things good resulted from them ; many of the discoveries in astronomy can be traced to the old astrologers and the interest that enveloped the celestial bodies, when it was believed that the stars in their courses ruled and controlled the destinies of mankind. No delusion of which mankind has been the victim in times past has been more fruitful of evil than the faith in magic, or the black art as it was called. Witches were consulted, feared, believed in ; and hundreds were burnt or drowned to stamp out the abominable crime of witchcraft. All classes were infected with the general super- stition, and to express a doubt was to lay oneself open to suspicion. Numbers of half-mad creatures thus perished, confessions being drawn from them under torture, or in the vanity of claiming magical power, desiring rather to obtain notoriety even in an ignomi- nious death than to confess imposture. Any ailment which the doctors of that day (with their limited pharmacopoeia, and no less limited know- ledge) could not cure, was attributed to witchcraft, the culprit was sought, and a victim was seldom wanting. It needed but for an old woman to be living alone— bowed down by age and infirmity—for her to become an object of dread to her neighbours ; and some, at all risks, would encourage the popular belief, hoping to extract from people's fears that help it was vain to expect from their compassion. SILVERLEAF. 