TEE AUSTRALIAN CUP AND NEWMARKET HANDICAP. Br AOGUB. Although the autumn handicaps of the V.R.C. do not create a tithe of the interest that attaches itself to the Melbourne Cup, they are productive of a considerable amount of wagering in the double-event system, which is very popular with the public. The Australian Cup is the Cesarewitch of Aus tralia, and as the course is a Bevere one, none but horses of stamina have a chance of suc cess. The Newmarket Handicap is merely a scurry of six furlongs up the Btr&ight;, but it takes a brilliant animal to score a victory, short though the course iB, and a rank out sider has seldom, if ever, proved triumphant. Maid of Avenel was the first winner, and she, as a three year old, carried 7st 81b., a weight that would not Btop any good one of the same age. Calumny, as a five year old, carried 8st, and won comfortably; and Sultan, at the same age, carried 8at. 101b. to victory. Tom Kirk won with 7st 51b., Lady Ellen with 6st. 51b., Diomed with 7st, Aspen with 6st, 81b., and again with 7st. 81b. The highest weight ever carried home first in the Australian Cup was 8st 51b. by Gasworks and First King, both three years old, and as Richmond, also three years old, was triumphant with 7st. 131b. upon his back, the task is not beyond the capabilities of the younger division, even though they may have much the worst of the weights. The fact is horses are seldom better than during the latter part of their three-year-old career, and as the three year olds of the pre sent season are much more leniently treated than they were in former yean, it is within the bounds of probability that the prize may fall to one of them this year. In 1881 the Champion winner, Grand Flaneur, was handi capped at 8sb 101b., and Coriolanus, who won this year, has 161b. less, while Commotion, who was second to the Soman, has 7st 121b. I don't sea by what reasoning Mr. Barnard can place Commotion 41b. above Coriolanus, for the latter could have bean alongside him in the Geelong Cap had Murphy persevered with him, and this, too, with Coriolanus not quite so fit, 1 think, as when he won the Champion. Progress, who was awarded tin premier posi tion, with 9st 5U>., has been scratched, but his owner could hardly have been dissatisfied with his weight, considering the excellent display he made in the Adelaide Cup, wherein he carried 9st, and beat everything but Nata. I hope to see Mr. Branch's consistent son of Angler in public this season, though, from the fact loot he was scratched soon after the weights appeared. Ishould infer that he has not been in training long enough to give him the neoessary work to ran horns in such afast-mn race as the Australian Cap is bound to be, Albeit he may be considered nt enough to tua nart in flie Port Phillip Stakes or the Town Rate, which will be ran at a much ?lower rate of speed. Swivsller at Ost 41b. has been given his foil shire of weight, bnt Wellington Is well in at Set. 121b., sad most, I think, hold Courtensp quite safe, fat in the Oeewnfc Handicap there waa Kb. between them, and had the distanos been a quarter of a mile further I think it would have been the proverbial guinea to a gooseberry on the old fellow, first Water has 161b. more than he canted liome in trismph last year.'andl thinly he is quite entitled to the ^retght,' for upon that ooeaaioai he Won with many ponnds in hand, and*, moreover, in the last Melboame Gnp, when not neakw so fit he tan vstyforward, and finisheddobe behind the placed hoieee. while Bevanska, who somehow ec other used to beat fclm oh the training ground, was no where. USavanaka were the Savanakaof Old th«?e would not be ttooh difficulty in .eleottiut the 'winner, and Martindais's Waggatnn victory was achieved so easfy that he would nave had a snow nt 8st 6tK If Bathurst had had 1Mb. lees I should not have consiaerbd^lm dangerous. Has he ever done distanoe of grouod to ivktifr . Injrivforhhn a pound fnore t? Certainly not. Grestrick M|landwick and another nt " "s, bat I do notffcncy atm- tt cany more »Mto h'inUd M better not been under the jr. is ft falling nand|capper. Hfcndtcab .tmrniqg of Mftgiidethe.f '^SSj t S (SJttfuWd 5 ?' X & I. lift- . »» IrtMlW Wt- '( brought back to hia three-rear-old form he would, undoubtedly, have a rare chance of Buccess at 8at., bat I'm doubtful whether Howie will ever be able to get him BO well again. Visitors to Ballarat race-. course, however, say that daring the past month the hone has done well, and they are j particularly sweet upon his chanoe for this race. Odd Trick is not badly in at 7s'fc ISlb.; but we've yet to Bee him perform well over BO long a distance. I don't fancy Waterloo at 7Bt. 121b,; in fact, he Beems to me to be about the worst-treated horae in the race; for be has never done anything in good com pany to justify the handicapper in placing j him above such a horse as The Cear, who was one of the befst of the season as a two year old, and, after a long spell, came out and ran second for a Mel bourne Cup; yet Waterloo has to give him a year and 2lb. If Morrison could get The Czar thoroughly fit 1 should fancy his chance; bnt he put on so much flesh when he was eased in his work that I almost despair of him bringing him to the post in first-class condition. I take Bos worth to belong to the dangerous division, notwithstanding hia exhibition inTatteraall's Cup, and as he is doing nice work at Flemington be may reward Jellett for the! great care and attention he has bestowed upon him during the past two years. Being a maiden, it would have been a dangerous precedent to have given Royal Consort more than 7st. 121b., though I think Commotion might have had 41b. less. Diamond is one of those peculiar horses that one doesn't like to say much about, though I should like to Bee Mr. Sevior win a race with him. Chatterer I don't fancy, because Idoubt if he can be fit by the day, and Napper Tandy Beems to prefer I Bhorter courses. Why he was nominated for ] this race and not for the Newmarket Handi cap ia one of the things I cannot understand. Falmouth reads well enough at 7st 81b., and I like Coriolanus at the same weight The latter will be well served by a pace, and there is bound to be one in this contest. I'm satis fied that at Geelong the colt waa not within pounds of his Champion form, and if Davies does not do too much with him in th» interim, I expect to aee him run up to hia Champion form, both in the St. Leger and the Australian Cup. Saunterer has several times performed in a satisfactory manner, and at 7st 61b. he Beema to be the moat leniently-treated horse in the race. If Somerset could stay, he would be hard to beat at 7et. 61b., and really I do not see why he should not stay. His spring performances were no criterion of his true form, as he was dead amiss. It must be remembered that he wasted away when Mr. Wilson Bet him the task of a Derby preparation, and the St. Albaus trainer may not care to put him to so I severe a test again. He has always shown I brilliant speed, and it is probable that he may be reserved for the Newmarket Handi cap. Monmouth I don't care for over the distance, but Albyn has always run like a stayer, and at 7at Sib. he ia leniently treated. Royal Maid strikes me as one of the most favoured at 7st 41b., and if she be thoroughly wound up for this event, I Bhall expect to see her returned the winner. I am satisfied that we have not seen her at any thing like her best this season; but as Mr. Wilson has a deep affection for the Sydney Cup he may not wind her up until April. Santa Clans should be held safe enough by Coriolanus. Crystal is regarded as a good horse by some of his Adelaide friends, but he has not done anything to justify them in fancying him for such a race as the Austra lian Cup. Warlock waa wonderfully well in at 7st, and that he has not altogether lost hia form we had ample proof at Geelong, where, in the Cup, he ran clo8e up to the placed horses. Koh-i-noor is an undoubtea good colt, and at 7st is not at all harshly treated. Turretfield has Bhown pretty good form in Adelaide, but Chuckater has never done any thing to entitle him to 7st I don't fancy Mesalliance nor Attache, because the distance will not suit them. If Blue Ribbon can stay he should run forward with 6st 121b. Sweet William iB a colt that will some day carry the all black of Terrara into a prominent posi tion, and it will not surprise me in the least to see him win the Australian Cup. Glouces ter is full brother to Goldsbrough and Robin Hood, but he has not the power of either; yet if he were within many pounds of a good one, he ought to be danger ous with 6a t. 61b. Ween seems to me to be very leniently treated at 6st 51b. With 31b. lees be ran second for the Geelong Cup, and had the pace been stronger or the distance longer, he would have stood a good chance of winning. Pollio ia let in lightly enough at 6st 51b., and if he can stay he may reward his owner for more than one disappointment. He is bred like a stayer, for his sire, Tim Whlffler, was the best horiw in over a distanoe of ground, and his dam Norma was never so much at home as over long courses, the Australian Cup having been in eluded in her list of victories. I don't look with favour upon the ehanoea of Narrabri, Westbury, Elsinore, or Prima Donna. Queen may represent Tasmania, and as aba is ssid to be a stayer, her owner may bring her over to fight for the honour of the island colony. Her breeding ia first-class, as she is by the imported horse King Cole from Tcqganina, by Fisherman. Mameluke brings a great repu tation from Queensland, where, it is said, he won 14 or 15 races. He is by the Arab Ameer, but I'm not impressed with hia cfeaaoe; ana Duchess has proved such a fraud that one can not look npon her chanoe with a Idndlyey* To my mind, the best in an Hesperian, Bos worth, The Car, Suwanow, Falmouth, Corio lanus, 8aunterer, Royal Maid, Koh-i-noor. Rwftftt Williim Trn-i Oniwi . ***« I think the winner will oome from f&inr; TXBXK, COBXOLUTOS, ROYAL MAXD, W«nr, and Swxn WILLIAM. Whatever weights might have been allotted to the hones inthe Newmarket Handicap, an interesting oofttest was bound to ensue, be cause t^cre are so many horses that can gtt the distanoe. I don't Canty anything down to8st.8Ifc, thoughAndover would benatd to get rid of if h* were in his old form* wMTMybriiiUDt At 8«t 7tt». I donY think SomwMt Uontof it, though hit perfocmnnoee (bis Maeon have not quite entitled htm to inch .weight Farther down the list to 8*t. Hike nothing better than Tw^aUyn, 8»t Wb., £."U- J"*5SL£ W arurwasaeSL:!,,-. If wyiUnfc the ltttex wu ttve better lUro yeet «5def thepri^ an* m botk have'per forated indiffmndy M thMe*eeT " ; tblnktheie^ooldwlteve' more tbaA&b.; bj*wew» hardif feir thatTfce 1.. sspfe At hdUinlltti maw th,eit J»n*eb»y« beea be cpisrs imipm'mm* ,« ,;v wlj« 'ta IKJjJi*, of the Israelite. The Duke wonthe Kensington Stakes, and / .in the flying Stake* he finished second to Welcome Jack, The Israelite being severallengths behind him. La the Fleaungtoa Stakes The Dake gat* The Israelite 61 bM and'finished fourth, while The Israelite was not sqaongst tbe first ten. The ownerof Thelsraelite, therefore, has good ground* for complaint, for neither colt has met since, and f*a Tbe Dake has not appeared in public this season it cannot be asaumed that ne has lout form. The most leniently-Ueated hone in tbe race is Surrey, who showed inch excellent form at the Randwick Spring Meeting, and if Mr. Ivory has him in the same form he will, I think, ran the six furlongs under lm. 16s., and I doubt if there are two other horses iu tbe lot that can do this. With Sat. 2lb. upon his back he was a starter in tbe A.J.C. Shorts Handicap, and won easily in lm. 16 410a. In the Suburban Handicap be had 9st. 5tb., and the style in which tie cat down most of his field at the turn was some thing to remember; bat tiki* was a bad more on Pigott's part, the effort being, made too soon, and Primrose, who was in great form at that meeting, caught him In the last few strides and defeated him cleverly. Had the race been six farlongs there would have been only one in it, and that one Surrey. Verdnre is undoubted!/ a smart filly, and at 7at 111b. I think she is well enough treated, and Dongplston at 7at 1Mb. also reads well, though he mustn't ran so erratic as he did when he made that inex plicable detour at Wyndham. Crystal and Totalisator are of the useful sort, and Tamult is a very speedy animal. He has been raised 41b. upon the weight he carried last year, when he showed a rare turn of speed, bat retired in consequence of his leg giving way. Lohengrin I know nothing of save that he once gave promise of being a speedy gentle man. The owner of Gonzago informed me that he was not at all satisfied with the horse's weight, and scratched him accord ingly. Aureola is a very speedy sister to Robinson Crusoe, and her onty winning per -formance was achieved at the Sydney Turf Club meeting, when she carried 6sb (Mb., and won the Ely Handicap: Falmouth, with 8st. 101b., was second; and as the filly is now raised a stone, it would appear as if the handicap between the two was a correct one, albeit the filly should improve macb more than tbe horse. I don't think Chockster well in at 7st 71b., at which weight The Exeter and Gunild are handicapped. I like tbe latter, because I saw her win asir-furlong handicap at Hawkesbary in lm. 15 8-lOs. I She had bat 6st to carry, yet she won in good style; and even thongh she has 211b. more to carry in this race, she has not a poand too much. Rupert is a very smart norse, and is remarkably well in at 7at. 6lb. Of the others the best in appear to be The Ghost, Euclid, Cooreena, Result, Viking,. Larpent, Timon, Cremorae, and Baalbec; bat the"lot from which I think the winner will come are Surrey, Sir Joseph, Aureola, Timon, Larpent, Ganild, and the best of Sir Thomas Elder's and Mr. H. Haines's, Cremone especially being well in. 