THIE RACE HOLIDAYS. C To-day and to-[iorrow, the dates upon d which the summer meet of the Tasmanian f Turf Club will take place, have boon proclaimed bank holidays from noon, in T Launceston, Doloraino, and Longford, c and a municipal holiday the whole day in Launcoston. The telograph ollice will be a open ac usual. t To-day and Thursday return tickets I to travel on the Launceston and p Western Railway line, from all stations Ic to La'snocston will be issued at single i fares, available for the day of issue only. a Thero will be no midday trains on those o days. Trains will leave Launceston at 8 v n.m , 5 p.m., anS 8'15 p.m.,and Deloraino o at 7"25 a.m., 9-20 a.m , and 4.30 p.m" n For the convenience of country visitors i return tickets will be issued on the Main Line at single fares to-day and to-morrow, available up to Saturday. A special train leaves Antill Ponds for Launceston at 6030 a.m. to- day, and special excursion tickets available for the day, only will be issued on Wednesday and Thursday. Full particnlars as to rates, etc., will be found in our advertising columns. The principal event of the day is opf course the Summer Mooting of the Tas manian Turf Club, which after having I boon allowed to lapse for a year has been t revived, and althoughthe fieldfor theLaun coston Cup will only be about half the number that started for the Hobart, the meeting nevertheless promises to be a very good one, while the fields for the other events should number well judging from the number of horses that have arrived in town. The hen. secre tary and the committee have been busy the last week profecting the arran ements, and there is every promise that their efforts will be crowned with success. His Excellency Sir G. C. Strahan and Com modoro Erskino will be present, and a large numberiof other visitors. The City Band has been engaged and will be in at tendance both days. The first race, the Maiden Plate, is to start at one o'clock, and the Cup at three. Owing to Stockwell, it is reported, having shown somesymptoms of lameness through slightly splitting his hoof, he has receded in the betting, and his price is now 6 to 4 against him inustead of on him, as quoted v last night. The colt will be ridden by T. 1 Hales, and the injury will probably be found of a temporary nature. The Queen is next best favourite at about 2 to 1, and the daughter of King Cole will be steered by Cracknell. Napper Tandy f is quoted at 3 to 1, and as usual will be piloted by O'Brien. Of the others, f Meander, who will be ridden by Riley, is the only horse mentioned, f and the son of Castle Hill has been supported at 5 to 1. Shoeet Anchor, who is not fit, will start, we believe, while Blink Bonny, who met with an accident on Monday morning through jumping the rails will also come to the post. The mare, for- t tunately, did not sustain any serious .Injury, though she is rather stiff. Pyrrhus has arrived, but we are- not aware whether he is a certain starter, while Yougogo has not yet put in an appearance, and may be reck oned a non- starter. Although the Criterion was crowded last evening, there was, however, little business doing. For the Maiden Plate Royon. rine is tihe favourite. Some wagering took place on the Australian Cup and Newmarkot Handicap at 1000 to 10 and 1000 to 5, and the following doubles were taken, viz. :-Suwarrow and Cremorne, Snwarrow and Aspen, 1000 to 10; Suwarrow and The Ghost and Suwarrow and Tyropean, 1000 to 5; Royal Maid and First Water were suppbrted with thes same horses for the Newmarket. Mr Proctor is to officiate as time keeper, and Mr H. Gamble, who has boeen appointed a steward, will act as clerk of the scales. We have been requested to state the hen. secretary will be at his office, Patterson-street, up to 10 a.m. on the morning of the race days. The following scratchings were posted during yesterday :-All engagementa- King 'Arthur, West Coast, Kildare, Lyne grove, Kynoton, and First Light. Laun coston Cup-Sunset, Arra Maids, and Bashful. AinDEN PLATE-Of 25 sove. For all horses that have never won a stake of over 20 :ovs. ubHllo money. The winner of any stake of over 20 saos. after nomination to carry ilb penalty. 3 yrs, 4st 31b; 4 yrs, lst ; l yrs, 6 yrs, and aged, elit 21. Mares and geldings allowed 31b. One and a quar ter miles. st. lb. lr A. O'Connor's b h O'0, 4 yrs ... 9 0 lir P. Counsel's br h Leitrim, 4 yrs ... 9 0 MIr C. E. Ralston's br g Isareon, 5 yrs ... 8 13 Mr T. P'lumer's b m Peerless, aged .. 8 13 Mr C. E. Rlalston's br g Castlebar, 5 yrs 8 13 Mr C. E. Ralston's bg Comedian, 4 yrs... 8 11 MIr E. Parker's blk f Rloyenrine, 3 yres (in eluding penalty) .. ... ... 8 Hen. T. Roibey's ch f Rose, 3 yrs... 8 0 Two-YEAn-OLD STAKEs-Of 75 svos., with a sweepstake of 3 sovees, acceptance added. For horses located in Tasmania four months rior to day of race. Colts, Set 31b; llies, 8st. Six furlongs. at lb Mlr James Oreig's oh a Bonnie Scotland, St. Albans--Mayflower .. ... 8 3. Heon. T. Reibey's b o Bagot, St. Albans Edell ... ... ... ... ... ... 8 3 Mir C. S. Agnew's br o Hobart, Panic yth .. ... ... . ... ... 83 Mr J. Field's br f Claudine, St. Albans Queean Mary ... ... .. 8 0 Mr A. OConnor's br f Silverthred, St. Albans-Sllveorhalr ... ... ..... 80 Mr E R.J.R. Parker's b f lMizpah, St. Albans -Bay Middleton mare ... ... ... 8 0 i LAUNcESTUN Cp-- Of 150 sove., with 3 sovs. acceptance added. Handicap. Second horse, 20 sovn. ; third horse, 5 soves. from the stake. The winner of any handicap race of the value of 100 sovs. -after the declaration of weights to carry 71b penalty ; of two or more such races 101b penalty. at. 1b, M ir D. S. Wallace's br h Napper Tandy, sy... .................. 0 Mr E. P. Wilson's b g Pyrrhus, aged .. 7 10 ler J. Powellus br h Meander, 4 yr ... 7' 8 Hon. T. Reiboy's oh o Stockwell, 3 yrs... 7 0 Ir C S. .Agnow's oeh f The Queen, 3 yes inluding penalty ... .. 7 0 r P. Dalln's b h Yougogo, yrs ... 6 10 lir John Field's br o Sheet Anchor, yrs y 0 IMr J.. . Groig's h f Blink Bonny, 3 yr 6 0 NEW COIUM HANDIOAP.-Once round and a distance. Acoptance, 1 sov. t, Oaks ... .. 8 9 Iorven ... 0 7 Pyrrlus ... 8 7 Onyx ... 6 O Glenooe ... 711 Royonrine 6. 6 aTewnlsy ... 7 "20Vanish . Meolody .. 0 12 Newmnrket ... 0 2 Arra Maids 6 10 Blink Bonny... 0 0 Oasntlebar ... 0 8 Bashful . 0., SELLING HURDLE--Of 50 soevs. The winner to be sold by auction immediately after the reoo, sand any surplus over tho valued entry etoeo to the Club. If entered tobe sold for £50 to carry list ; £10, 10st 71b; £30,10st; £20, st 71b; £10, sDat. Tiooe round and a distance. Acceptance, 2 soves. st. 1b. lir J. Field's bg Deloraineo, aged (£50) ... 11 0 Mr A. O'Connor's bk g Cyclops,aged (£501 11 0 IMr S. M. ?Vilson's oh g Augur,tO yrs l£301 10 0 ier It. Cameron's g g Newmarket, aged (£320).... .. .. 0 ll r.oC .....rs b Xildare, aged(E20) i teIr P. Counsel's b g Glendalough (lnto VWanderer), aged (£10) ... .. .. 9 0 This evening Buckley and Holly's "Pleasnro Party," comprising a number of first-class artists, will commence a short season at the Mechanics' Institute, when a grand holiday programme will be preeontd. The troupo consists of oMessrs. T. Buckley and Charles Holly, whoso names as song and dance artists are as familiar to the Aus tralian public as household words; SMiss May Vivian, an excellent character and burlesque actress, who possesses a Sreally good voice, and besides these there \- will appear Little Virgio, a very clever it juvenile performer, and Miss Howard, a piabiate and songstress. The troupe has has just completed a very successful tour Sthrough several of the country districts, is and should be well worthy of patronage. At the Town Park and Pavilion a Sgrand promenade concert and esoiree dan sanlc, besides varioes gymnastic perform ances and 6 podestal touirnotmet, will forge the attraotion, this evoning, The City Quadrille Band will be in atten dance, and the Park will be illuminated for the occasion. Sports will take place near Mr Henry Turner's residence, Invermay, to-day, commencing at 10'30 a.m. To-morrow afternoon and evening the summer exhibition of the Northern Hor ticultural' Society will be held in the Pavilion, Town Park. The various do partmonts of horticulture will be excel lently represented, and the exhibits, including pot-plants, out flowera, fruit, and vegetabls will, it is said, be numer ous. Fourteen special prizes, to the value of £9 Os, are offered, besides various other awards. As the shows hold in con nection with this society always repay inspection, a largo attendance of the public may he anticipated. 