LOCAL TOPICS \------o------ We are sorry to have to record the occur- rence of a serious fire at Natimuk, in the hotel known as the " Natimuk," conducted by Mr. Louis Rosel, formerly of Echuca, and who since his short residence in Natimuk as "mine host" has made many friends, and been very generally respected. From the in- formation to hand it appears that shortly after 5 o'clock on Tuesday afternoon the in- mates of the building were suddenly made painfully aware that the place was on fire, and the alarm was so sudden and the scarcity of water so great, that many in the township were not aware of the serious nature of the conflagration before the fire had made consid- erable progress. Although the flames were but too plainly distinguishable, the iron roof of the building kept down the glare of the fire, whilst it greatly tended to increase the heat for those who were endeavouring to save what things they could. There was, however, no lack of willing hands, who did all they could in snatching things from the wave of fire which was sweeping everything before it. And although Mr. Rosel has sustained a very serious loss both of his stock and his furniture, the more so as he was totally uninsured, we are glad to say that a considerable portion of both has been saved. How the fire originates is a mystery. It broke out in a small bedroom at the rear of the premises, and what tends to increase the mystery is the fact that during a very short time fire has been discovered in the very same room on two separate occasions. The hotel was the property of Mr. F. W. Sudholz, and was built of wood. The building was insured in the Norwich Union Insurance Company, of which Mr. Henry Gillies is agent, for £400, and the stables for £50, but the latter were not destroyed. Amongst those who did yeoman's service at the fire were—Messrs. David Mitchell, Davenport the representative of McLean Bros., C. Kroschel, Slastery of the Commercial Bank, W. Harrison, and a number of others whose names we were unable to ascertain, but who are certainly deserving of all praise from the fact that there being no water, not only was the heat intense, but at times almost unbearable for any one to work in such close proximity to the fire. A very great amount of sympathy has been expressed on behalf of Mr Rosel and his family, for, during their short residence at Natimuk, they have succeeded in winning the goodwill of the inhabitants generally. Mr. Rosel estimates his loss at about £400, and it ap- pears that he sent in a proposal for insurance so recently that no action had been taken thereon. A GENERAL meeting of the Horsham Athletic Club was held on Tuesday evening at Rasmussen's Royal Hotel. Present: Mr. White (in the chair), and Messrs A. Bullock, E. Delaney, E. Laing, T. Thorne, J. Robinson, E. Davis, J. Davis, P. Healey, A. Dunstan, P. Anderson, G. Ryan; J. Parsons, W. M'Hugh, F. Bradshaw, J. Withers, W. J. Uren; R. Rissmann, R. Baker, Bray, H. Doyle, and the secretary. The chairman briefly explained the benefit of the club to the town, and said he was sorry that it had not been started years ago. The minutes of the last meeting were read and confirmed. The secretary said that he had [s???] the collectors who had been appointed, and Mr. Robinson not having the time wished someone else appointed in his place. The meeting there- upon appointed Mr. Abel Bullock in lieu of Mr. Robinson. The Ballarat Athletic Sports rules, as adopted by the committee, were approved of by the meeting. There being a vacancy of several? members of com- mittee, twelve gentlemen were nominated by the meeting, where a ballot was taken result- ing in Messers H. Doyle, G. Ryan, A. Bullock, J. Davis, W. J. Uren, E. Delaney, and A. Dunstan being appointed. Messrs F. Brad- shaw and J. Parsons acted as scrutineers. The various gentlemen appointed suitably returned thanks for the honour thus con- ferred upon them. Mr. Dunstan moved, That the secretary's action of engaging the Mechanics' Hall for the night of the 2nd March be approved of by the meeting, which was seconded by Mr. Parsons and carried. Moved by Mr. E. Davis, That a concert and ball be held on the same night for the benefit of the club, seconded by Mr. M'Hugh and carried. Messrs White, Davis, M'Hugh, and W. Bell were appointed as a committee to arrange all matters in connec- tion with the concert and ball. It was also decided that the general committee meet to receive subcription lists and all money collected, and to arrange the programme. It was further decided to give £75 away in prizes on the 17th March next. Messrs E. Delaney, E. Davis, J. Parsons, H. Doyle, and G. Ryan were appointed a sub-committee to draw up the programme and submit same to the general committee on Monday next. A hearty vote of thanks being passed to the chairman, the meeting terminated. The Ideal Operatta Company will give the first of their entertainments this evening in the Mechanics' Institute. Miss Kate Thayer as Prima Donna, and Miss Florence Acton as Contralto, as well as other members of the company, will make their appearance, and from the very high terms in which the per- formances of the company have been spoken of, the music loving portion of the community may rely upon enjoying a rare treat. The company will also appear in the same place on the following evening, and at Dimboola on Saturday. In consequence of the removal of Mr. Aitken, Truant Inspector for the Stawell district, (says the Ararat Advertiser,) who has been placed in charge of the Warrnambool division, the Ararat and Stawal districts have again been incorporated. Mr. W. F. Collings, inspector of this district, has thus had his duties increased by the inclusion of Stawell and the Wimmera district so far as the border. YESTERDAY the ruling quotation in Hor- sham for wheat was 4s 3½d per bushel, at which figure several parcels were quitted. It is now coming to hand much more freely than it did a week ago, and considerable business is being transacted by the respective wheat buyers. The farmers at Pimpinio are naturally very indignant at the want of faith on the part of the Railway Departmment in not having the line open from that place to Horsham for the conveyance of grain as they were led to suppose. It certainly would have proved a great public convenience if such had been the case. A MEETING of the committee of the Hor- sham Presbyterian Church was held on Tuesday evening to make arrangements for the annual congregational meeting. A sub- committee was appointed to draw up the annual report and balance sheet, and it was decided to write to the Rev. Mr. Inglis, of Ballarat, asking if he would preach the anniversary sermons and also deliver a lecture in aid of the church funds. As Mr. Inglis is a great favourite with the Horsham people it is to be hoped that a reply will be received in the affirmative. THE heat of the weather yesterday was very intense, the hot wind by no means tend- ing to make it any the more agreeable. Our Dimboola correspondent wired us last evening that it was 110 in the shade there, and from the "notes" of our "local astronomer" it will be seen that 111 in the shade and 134 in the sun was the gauge of the temperature in Horsham. We are sorry to inform our readers that the curator of the Botanic Gardens apprised us last evening of the death of the white rat, which formed a special feature in the collec- tion of natural history ; and that the baby- monkey was so feeble—possibly owing to the heat of the weather—that he did not expect it to survive the night. If so, this will prove to be bad news, especially so for the juve- niles. For some weeks past Constable Hatton, of the Horsham Police, has been doing duty at Natimuk, but was relieved there on Tuesday, owing to the permanent apppointment of Mounted-constable R. Roberts, late of Sta- well to that place. At the Police Court yesterday before Mr S. B. Bolton, J.P., James Ryan,who had been apprehended the previous day for being drunk and disorderly, was charged with these offences by Constable Tracey, and was fined 5s, with 3s costs of cab hire for conveying him to the lock-up, as the defendant refused to be conveyed by any other means. The fine was paid. A REVISION court was to have been held at the police office yesterday, for the purpose of revising the electoral lists for the Legislative Assembly, but it was postponed till Friday. THE Rev. W. Thompson, of Tasmania, is advertised to preach in the Wesleyan Church, Horsham, next Sunday morning ; and at Fine View in the afternoon. Mr. Thompson, previous to his removal to Tasmania, was settled at Rupanyup and was a favourite throughout the circuit. IT would appear as if fires were the order of the day on Tuesday, at Natimuk, for we had no sooner ascertained the details of the fire at the Natimuk Hotel, than we were in- formed of a fire on the farm of Mr. Gladinan, situated about three miles from Natimuk. It appears that the men were engaged in stripping, and on returning from lunch they saw the fire, which has destroyed some eight bags of wheat, as well as doing considerable injury to a winnower. The fire in this in- stance is supposed to have originated from a a spark from the pipe of one of the men engaged in stripping. Our obituary of to-day contains the in- timation of the death of Mr. A. Knowles, well-known as the landlord of the Victoria Hotel on the Dimboola road. The deceased had been far from well for some time past, but his family had not the slightest idea that his sickness would terminate so suddenly in death. It appears that Mr. Knowles was about on Tuesday and that about 2 a.m. on Wednesday morning he felt so unwell that he aroused his family, and died about 5 o'clock last evening from disease of the liver and kidneys, at the age of 45 years. The remains will be interred in the Horsham Cemetery this afternoon. We learn by wire from our Dimboola correspondent last evening that a supposed case of diphtheria at Tarranginnie had been developed in the case of a child attending the State school there on Tuesday, and that it had sickened and died yesterday. Two other members of the same family are also ill. The Board of Advice have closed the school, as Dr. Fairbain has stated that the disease is one affecting the throat. Our correspondent states that over 5,000 bags of wheat are stacked at Dimboola awaiting the completion of the line, and that large quantities in addition are arriving daily. The market price being 4s per bushel. In refer- ence to the heat of yesterday he notes that the thermometer marked 101 degrees in the shade. PROFESSOR Rice, a gentleman who has obtained wide celebrity as a mind-reader, is now on a professional visit to Horsham, and intends to give some of his seances in the Mechanics Institute. It appears that the modus operandi is for the Professor to ask some of his auditory to think of some special article in the room, the Professor takes the hand of the thinker and puts it to his forehead for a moment. Immediately afterwards, with his eyes closed, Mr. Rice leads his companion to the spot where the article is. This is, of course, but one illustration out of many much more unique and marvellous. The ghost, which forms a special feature of the seance, is an expose of spiritualism. Professor Rice gives his "opening night" in Horsham on Saturday, and in addition to other attractions, the entertainment will comprise singing by some well known ar- tistes. The Noradjuha sports will be celebrated on St. Valentine's day. AN advertisement appears in reference to the prizes in the Bagot estate. MR. Cornelia (from Allan and Co.) in.- timates that he will visit Horsham in a few days for the repair of pianos. 