Shetcbey. FOR LIFE. Eleven days on the road., By no means tliei! Union Pacific, or any other line af continuous ! travel, Where the minimum of^ bounce andj jerk is combine^ with tho maximum of com-! fort possible under steady motion; - A road; still unknown to surveyor or engineer, beyond! reach oriliought of railroad-man or speculator1 and but just opening up its two hundred iiriles1 or more of primeval forest., A road trodSen! only by Indians or crossed by stealthy fox or! lynx; its lengtli whiding through treacherous! marsh and bog, and swift stream, and deep,! unbrpken fprest, enly a ' blaze'; ? here and} there indicating, at seme ppints the course to 1 be followed, and, where too; pbtrusivc trees were cut away, tho sturiips left standing at just the right height. for impaling wagou-! bodies arid stirring up a degree or, two more! of profanity in the drivers. J j From Pembina to Crow Wing, and in those two hundred 'miles' of loneliness only the! traveller of ;that region can . know what had! not the patient' pxen: undergene? Twelve) miles, the average day's accomplishment, -un-( til Leech Lake ' and some suggestion of a! civilized road had been reached. , Heavy rains, swpllen streams, fathpmless- ,* mud-hole's.' Often a morning was Bperit in hauling wagons i across a turbid and turbulent tittle river, and, ! while the oxen stood drenched arid dripping; after their reluctant .swim -tothe ^other. side, I bringing over tho loads package by ? package ] on a fallen tree, if such- bridge could. bo dis-; covered, or waiting while the two half-breeds j swam across.with theindn their heads. Neddo.i silent and calinly acquiescent in whatever! fate might bring, served ,'as foil and back ground for Boulanger, who swore in 'all dia-j lectsfrem French and English through, tpi Cree and Chippewa, liis blaok beads of dyes: shooting lightning, liis smiill arid .gayly-.be- 1 decked legs dancing wildly among the, . pack- ! ages, and his lean arms emphasizing the whirhvind of invective. 1 Even this had ceased to amuse. Drenched through arid, through by constant rains, tor-; incnted day and night by mosquitoes in . size,1 numbers, and ferocity beyond, the! wildest imagination of the Eastern mind, endurance! ;was all- that remained. Even water-lilies I palled, and for weary ;body and. mora weary i mind but one desire had force, — to see the lov-' : stockade pf tlio Crow -Wing Agency, and an! actual inn, where a real bed, even! if one .of ! four in a row, would bo hailed as deliverance, ! and where one would find a post-office fend a daily stage, connecting this last outppst of Civilizatipri with St. Clpiid, eighty miles l?c low, and tlio first point where railrpdds j could -bo reached. , v Again a broken bridge gave anotlipr . morn ing of;iinldadinc, and swearing; and reloading and when at last tlio rushing r^vor wis passed and;tlio wagon oncd more under jva y, a trea-! oherdus and shelving ,mud;hblo j' suddenly - swallowed up oxen and fore-wdicels, itumped | load and owners into, its very depths'/arid fpr five minutep seemed, likely to lipid thorn there. Then all struggled put together, and, while Boulanger shrieked with rage and Noddo ex ilmiried polb arid wheels 'and fislied out the : provision-basket, 'putting : the coriterits on a damp log to dry, patierice'at last took flight, dnd, like the 'aricient prophet ? iri':'brib: of his riiany. predicaments, ' I'Bpake with my ton ^p ; jToperied.'wide^ my mouth. -'' I will not stay' iii this neSt'ofnibsqiiitpfes and: 'flies and wait hours for this filial catastrophe- to nn snarl. ' I shall iriarch'.dri tcf Gull Lake, where thdrois'a beach, unless' this last flood, -has' turned it to water; arid there I can sit in the sand, and get dry. ' Of course now there 'is'- no getting to Crow Wing to- night, arid we must camp at the lake.' '' ' .For this journey was by no means a first, dr second ene, and the ex-tedm-was' simply' one more experience pf , frontier travelling. Canoe and flat-train and Indian pony, had all been tried, arid 'either was better than this frightful crawl, inch by inch as it' wore. At Gull Lake, tlieL- first' camping-point' -the pre yious yoar,' ten miles above Crow Wing, had been a solitary wigwam',' tenanted by a tooth less but amiable squaw, who gave me fresh jpickerel roasted in, -the scales .over her- fire arid affording a 'new sense of , what flavor and savor natural methods may. hold/and potatoes hardly bigger than walnuts, but dug in my honor from the field she' had planted. Per haps she would be' there to:day. In any case |alono or with .sucli society as she could give, itliero waited for me the clear, still, blue water in its_ setting of silvery sand, the blasted, pine with its eagle's nest, the liush arid serenity of , ;the silent forest. Five miies under the pines, Iwhexd one was less .tormented by 'mosqmtoc3, arid then camc a final 'one,— a wade rather ;than a wallc. I liad. forgotten tlie liog, arid jthe corduroy liad sunk quite out' of sight, jtlipugh'I cpuld feel it now and then below the jblaok mud' whioh held; ''tenaciously . to bach foot by turri and'yielded';TOtii a long, slow suck, like a sma'ok pf evil satisfactibn.pyermy 'tribulations. . ? i , Ten thousand hands could not have availed lagainst that gray column. of mosquitoes,* (whose sound seemed at last a trumpet-call to: other columns, and which, in .spite of head net and leather gloves, perietrated . unknown : | and unguarded cliink or crevicel. Through tho swamp at last, and out onee mpre: under the friendly ipines, . and I ran, ; knowing- the i goal was near, and seeing soon i the flashing sunlight on the blue water. There was a biriding .figure near the lake. Along, 1 the brook- emptying into it,: corn and peas, and ; beans were growing, and, actually, balsams ! and sweet-peas at. the end ! , ' , ; ' My squaw has been brought over, to white man's fashions,' I said half aloud, and then stopped short; as the figure sprang ; up and turned with a subdued ' My gracious 1' .when she saw. the mud-coated and caked; torn, and most disreputable-looking apparition before her. So wan a face, suoh watery, and faded yet somehow intense,, blue eyes, so in finitesimal a nub of liair, - so shadowy yet resolute a wraith, I had never yet encount ered, even in remotest and ; most unfriended cabin, where a woman's-life means the speedy loss of every trace of comeliness and grace; '.'Well, I 'call it. a providence I' , she said, ccming fprward with a sprt. of, silent -rush as if carried by the wind. : ' The first ' day I'ye ever been lonesome a mite or thought to care but he's gone below three days now, an' Shnh weah pff fpr berries,, an' I did say , jest new by the pend there, it was . a lectle - leneseme. An' then tp think pf a white wpman ,bein' what I shpuld see I It dees beat all ! . Where be you from ? I reckon, it's a dry country you've left behind ' you,' sho added, with a' twinlde 'for you've brought all the mud along with you. ' Now you cpme straight up along: .'with me, an'. I'll scrape .you , off some. . Where's your folks ?' ? - ? ,j : Six miles back, in a mud-hole,' I answer ed, with; the ghostly impression still- strong upon me.- The voice was only a husky whisper, iand a nearer: view' only intensified the'bloodlessness of the slan, hardly hiding the poor bones below. The woman laughed; You thinkj'm1 '- poor show,' Bhe; said. .' Folks gin'ally do ; but I'm health itself to whatrr.was;' ? ' You were not here when I went up a year age?' .- - . !' . . 'No: I come in November. Wlien you're in some of my.clotlies an' have had a cup of tea, I'll tell you,:all . about it. There's the house. Ain't that pretty well for Gull Lake ? 'Kinder comfortable?' . ,:.!:? : Comfortable ! ? A palace could not have held a tenth of all the word meant 1 . A ' but and ?a ben'-' only, but how spotlessly neat ! Morn ing- glories and hops climbing over door : and window's : where white curtains hung ; a snow white bed; shut in by mosquito-bar ; a square of rag-' carpet on- the.flppr; stove and tins polished! to- their utmost capacity, — one, of' shining blackness, the : other of shining brightness ; a dresser holding civilized dishes ; : a shelf, where, two , or , three , books, lay, — the Bible, Whittier's poems, and ' David Copper-! -field,'— arid apile of- well- worn Tribunes; .an; 'old-fashioned1' rboking;chair J with patchwork cushions, 'and ' light-stand'- near it ; and, te cpmplete the; curieus mixture of old - New England farm-house and frontier cabin,' a warming-pan hanging between the windows, its copper face shining ' like everything else. ' i ? ? - ?: : - ' - ' You think that's d queer thing to tote out '-West ?'-! said my hostess, ' who -had already spread a cloth and put on fresh water to' boil ! for the promised cup of tea. 'I' lotted on it -before I was big enough to reach it, hangin' there in grandmother's kitchen up in Vermont; : ari' when -I ; went West;: -leastways w]iat was West forty years ago;— to- Pennsylvany,— I tbok:it along'for pld- times, an' then on to Illinois an!-Minriesota, ari' here wo bpth tire, up'heie. Yeu'd say-it'wasn't much inoreuse! than' Timbthy^Dexter's ;ship-load for 'the: West Injie's ';, but -he; -made'a- fortune ' out' o' that, 'im' I sort of expoot good luck from ;this; onei. ';Now,'before thafckettle'biles, you might freshen up a mite. : Tho lieffcof itwo won't do notliin' to till you've had your tea.' '- ' Words can never tell the delight of that freshening, — first in'celd water in a real wash basin, then -the tea, drunk tp an acocmpani- -j merit pf narrative poured put as if- mere speech; were : a gift straiglit frpm heaven. An! ? in- i domitable' cheerfulness, a -reseluto grasp : pf . these shadpwy threads Pf life, seemed the' ?strarigest characteristics pf this creature,' in I whese '.faded eyes quiok gleams pf expression : I came and went, and whose alertnoss and even! vivacity were miraculpus'testiriionies to the, ? iniperipus will that gpverned the frail body , ! ?no matter what human weakness interposed. ; ? In the beginning, 'thii; story proved: ono'I had: often heard,— the exodus of forty- years ?before, when New England, -more especially its ncrthern pertipn, seemed emptying itself inte the West, the white;Cevered, lieavily-laden! wagens passing day by day thrpugli the eld towns, gazed lip'oh by tlio'iuore conservative with apprehension and_dismay. ' I hankered after home. I do it oven now, . once in a great while,'' the shadowy, woman1 went on ; ' I' but' I ain't gbing'td dwell oil that. , Likely's riot, you'yo heerd forty folks say tlie ! same thing. But what you, hain't lieerd I'm1 goin' to tell now. 'ire come froiri Maine, as; maybe I didn't say,— born a lumbbr-man, an' ' his ;father one before 'hirii. An' so, when Minnesota opened up, it como easy to put out o' Illinois, 'whbro farriiin', never suited him,! an' where tlierb , wasn't a .stick ;o' .timber, : except, along thd rivor-bottonis, an'; lie always half piriiri' for it. He laiowa his business, an' ; soon fell into work, an' wb 'settled down in Minneapolis ; that's about as folksy a'placo as you)U' find.-,' But, you see,' I .wasn't never over strprig, an' I'd shook in them bottomB till it's my belief there wiisri't an :irioh: inside pf mo that kept jest the place the Lprd had laid out tp have it keep. Felks said tlie trouble was your ; gall ran put intojypur liver ; but I said your Ever' ran wlitre it^was a mind to, an' your stpmach into' whatever' else' there.' was, an' ' inpre'ri likely: interfered TOth ypur' lungs' an' tept-ydu from h'avin'' a long breath. That's the way it lppked to me, oven after I-;gpt. fettled iri MinneapPlis, fpr mine gbt shorter an' ; sherter,;an' at' last,' in spite of nie, I was in ' bed, ' an' folks eayin' I shouldn't never see spring. ' - ' 'Now, the children had died faBt as they CPme, aimpst. There wasn't one left; an'; piram is set by natur' on what's his own; an' good beyond the common, an' it seemed as if lie couldn't stand it to ipse me top. - We'd been unlucky, too,— burned out once, an' the bank broke that had our money in it, such as it was, — an' he was pretty low ; an' when time come to go up to camp he half broke down, an' he said, 'Malviny, I can't. Sup posin' you shouldn't be here when I come back. I'd better go as harid -in a - mill, an' earn lesB.' | ' Hiram,' I said, ' you take mo along with; you.! You never saw a. man look; moro seared,' for ho thought I was goin' out o' my mind. ?' But I hadn't noticed folks an' ways for, nothiri', an' I said, ' Don't yon know jest as well as the next one that the doctprs keep sendin' censumptive folks up into the pineries t- ? !an' if your canip ain't as good as another, I'd ilike to Icnow. I can't iiiore'n die, anyway ; an' I'm- sick of bein' tucked up in bed an' an air !tight chokin' me day an' night, an' 'I'm goin' ?with you.' ' Malviny,' you can't,' he said :? it's jail meri. There ain't no place.'—' Then make a place,' says I.— ','Tain't fit,' says he. Women den't knpw anything abdut a passel ;of men together.' — ' Then the mere reaspn fpr Ifindin' put, an' -seein' if they can't be made jdecent,' says I, ' if that's what you meari; I Ifeel to lcnow I shan't die if lean gitup there ; an' I won't be iri your way nor -theirs ; but [go I will;1 if I have to walk an' can't do mpre'n ;teh'steps;a day.'' ? ; i Well,- lie knew I was set, an', though I | didii't put my foot down very often, had it . down -then, square, an' lie set in a brown study awliile;:jan' -then lie says,' 'Well, Malviny,; I 't^iiri't no time to cross you, an' I never wanted jto yet.' If yeu think y'pu'll hpld put, I'll start !up-cpuntry .to-morrow an' see about liavin' a i separate cabin next to camp. ?/ They're fixin' ' for wiriter ndw, an' I liin gp and come in-a I week/1 But I don't see how you'll stand it, . ari' I don't believe.yeu will;'—' Then I can be j buried in the woods,' says I : 'I always did ! have a -hankerin' to la}' down for good under ? , pine-trees;' ? - 1 - - . . ' Well, ho went off ; an' I will say I didn't see myself li'ow I could live till he got back, for -I had another time of raisin' blood that ' very night; It como pourin' straight out ; but I said, ' I wpn't give in. It can't all run out,' an' I calculate there'll be enough left to keep me goin'.' ' Folks wouldn't believe it, but by the time Hirarivgot baok I could crawl to the window. I sot there when he conic iri sight, an' he was astonished as you'd want to see. But lie had to lay in an' git packed for goin' up, an' the' very morriing all was ready I must needs come dpwn again. Well, ho waited a day; an' then - he says, ' I'll gp ; up with tho lead, Malviny; an' fix up a bit, an' then I'll ceme baok' an' tdke you up on an empty sled, so's to make room for a bed tin' things for ypu to gp easier.' —' I want tegp'npw,' I says : ' I shall be dead if I don't.' Well, wo argued seme; baok and forth, an' at last he says, 'It ain't ne use, Malviny. All's ready new, an' I'm goin' ndw, ari' I'll ceme back for you as^I said ;' and off ho started'forthebam. ' I was up that minute an', into my warm things, in Bpite of -Mis' Smith'tryin'' to ^tpp me, an' when he drove round an' come in I jest walked to the door. 'No, you don't,' ho says, and jest took me up an' laid me on1 the bed an' run. '.What got into me then I couldn't tell: the Lord carried me along, I reckon. Any way; I run too, Mis' ' Smith after me, an' Hirani jest drivin' off, an' there I stuck to the . runner and wouldn't let go. Hiram was pale as a ghost, an' 'most eryin', an' he says, ' For the Lerd's sake, go back, Malviny,' an' I says, * For the Lord's sake I won't,' an' jest orawled up into the buffaloes alongside o'- him. ' There's ' one chance in a million of your g'ettin' there; alive,' lie says; 'an', if you're bound to go on that one, we'll try it, that's all ;' ail' off we went. ? ' 'Well, whether 'twas the motion, or tho air away from that air-tight, or carryin' the 2-'int,l couldn't tell, but I grew riiore an' more'chirk with every mile.'' I eat quite a diriner, an' slep' all night, an' Hiram he jest kept still an' waited.- J I knew he was waitin'. But we got through at last, an' into these very pine wppds beginnin' at Crow Wing. I sniffed 'erii an' knew life was in 'em - if it was anywheres. When Hiram drove, up before the camp,- an' Smith, the overseer,1 ceme put, he lpoked a. minute, an'; then swore right ; out 'Be you turriin' into' a fool at your time o' life; to be bririgin' a dead woman into camp he says. But :I; knew I wasn't anywheres near dyin', an' Smith knows -it too,— now. I'd give a sight if he wasri't below. ? He's so contented to have me around again, he says lie don't care if he never stir from here the rest -of our lives ; an' I'm sure I' don't an' wouldn't. - I wallc urider them pines, an' smell 'em deep in, ari''I: says, -' Here's your life-elixir, an' no mistake,' an' if folks knew it- they wouldn't die iri httle close rooms, but come out under 'em. - I was always a master-liand for out-doors, an' he helps along tlie house-work,' so't we can garden - together, an' Shahweah does what he an' me ain't a ?riiirid to! '! Mostly as long as day-light ' lasts I putter roririd outside; an' I ain't sure' but ? what I shall be an old wdirian yet, even if I hain't biit-a piece pf a lung left. ' ' As fpr them men, yeu never see twenty fellows mere set en bein' agreeable than- they was; For all havin' to whisper, I always managed to inako 'em hear, an' I did odds an ends fpr 'em an' sung, an' ene night I even danced; an' I nevor had a inere sociable win ter. I thought lie'dj be a leetle lonesome when thoy weiit below ; but he takes a ' sight of comfort in the Triburie;— we've had it from the beginnin';— an' lie; don't seem to'riiind one mite. ' I always read corisid'able, an'1 I go' over an' over the few books we've got; an' ?find soriiethin' new eyery time. And I expect 'you'll laugh when' I tell you the only thing ?that1 'ever makes me lonesome 'or skeery. iTain't Injins : I don see but what they're , 'folksy enough, ifhen you git over ' their blankets.1 'It's loom. I say they're the ' lone- | somest thing in natur' an' when they holler I jest crawl' (ill over; But then' I can' git along oven with them. - Ari' now I'd like to know how you come here, - an' all about it, every word.; but I'm dreadful sorry he ain't to home.' — : Helen Cambell ; . The following is a copy of a postal card written to Lotta by oue of Atlanta's school girls : ' Beauti ful Lottu — Do, pray, pleaso mam, givo a matinea and play , '.Bob' in Atlanta,.- So many of ub girls want dreadfully to see you, but can't get §3 at a thno in pin iuoiioy. If you givo a matiiieo, » fifty cent, oue, 1 just declare you would liavo tlio biggest houso oil record. . Now, won't you, splendid, glorious, jolly, rollicking, smasliiug, diirhug; bo witching, Lottii? Then you liavo tlio blessing -of a thousand school girls who liavo not any boaus to foot tho bill at tho opera house.' — American Paper. A handsome lady entered a dry goods store and inquired fpr a ' bow.' Tho p-olito clerk tlirow , himself back and remarked tlrnt hu was at lier sciTice. 'Yes, lmt'I want a butt, not n green one,' was the, reply. The young man. went oil 'measuring goods immediately. ? 'I can't think that all sinners will -be lost, J' said Mrs. ^Nimblotung. ' There's my lmslmnd, now.-' Ho is a liad inan — nvorj'bad man; but I trust lio will bo saved at last. I belicvo ho has suflered liis sliaro in tliis lifo.' 'Amen,''; shouted ? Nimbletuug from tho back seat. ,. 