THE SPECTRE POSTMAN A Dead-Letter Legend. We now approach the closing chapters of this work. We have seen how the Mail delivery of Sydney may he so perfected, that a letter shall reach B almoin in less than two days, and, the back blocks of Petersham and Ashfield in less than three days. We have seen that pillar-boxes must be cleared at least twenty-four hours before the mail bags for Melbourne are filled. And it is to the harrowing finale of the ' Postman's ' career that we must look for the reason. Chapter T. Jack Bunting went into the silent tomb. His beloved Mary broke her heart. It was to no purpose that John Chips soothed her misery by telling her that time planes out new grooves, and bevels off the mouldings of sorrow ; the splinters of misery, he said, may always whittle down, and he augured that the French polish of Time would putty over the nail-heads of care. She died, and was buried, and John Chips poisoned himself with a pot of red paint, after an awk ward attempt to saw off his head with one of Forster's smoothest lines. Chapter Z. — ( A Chapter of Horrors). The Spectre Postman got notice to quit, — he having, after due caution from the authorities, persisted in coming home by daylight. ' Where can I go,' he cried. ' I cannot go back to earth because people cannot see me in the daytime ; I cannot go to heaven, being unfit for it. And as for . Well, he might take me -I'll see.' He quitted the respectable quarter of shades, where there was a chance of re covering himself, and threw himself into what he deemed suitable hands. He persuaded himself that surely in the universe there must be some one who could appreciate his services without bothering about the old fad of punctuality. He was not disappointed. His new employer received him cordially, and held out his tail for a shake. 'I have been waiting for you,' he said. 'How would you like to revisit the old office again, and do some work for me ? Since you died, people have been writing to the Sydney papers, and trying to overturn everything. I had just got that Post Office into proper trim, but what do I find now? These confounded letters have fallen into the hands of the heads of the Postal Department, and I have reports that some of them have been talking of an Enquiry, to be instituted in the year 2763. This sort of heresy must be stopped.' So the Postman was deputed to revisit those officials, and remind them that they were on dangerous ground. He had full instructions how to proceed, and was promised, if he returned punctually, he should have full permission to take a holiday and sleep three days. The words, 'return punctually,' struck an extra pallor into his cheek, but he determined to sink all considerations of the kind, and earn his much-needed sleep. He was away three days and nights. His reception was hot. 'Look here, sonny,' roared his new employer, ' I didn't think you'd go back on me, anyhow, and I shall take good care you don't 1 Now you shall reorganise the Post Office and keep it in a proper state of unpunctuality. Prepare for sub division ! Since you are unfit for heaven and earth, and are out of place here, I decide that you go to the Post Office.' So a mighty imp chopped the ' Postman ' up into little bits, and each little bit became a Postman. On each little forehead was branded the words, ' Go slow and conquer ! ' and a mighty blast of hot wind blew them away up to Sydney. And each settled himself in the head of an offi cial, and night and morning officials saw the legend, and trembled ! and budged net from the track of delay. This is the reason they don't reply to newspaper letters of complaint. Let us then remem ber that, however we may vilify those men, they have ' a secret care, a mystic care, a canker of the heart,' and we may in all tenderness understand why they have also a ' don't care.' $ The ship Excelsior, from Burrard's Inlet to Melbourne, experienced a shock of ' seaquake.' — Evening News.' THE ghosts of the lexicographers Must have donned the inkiest crape When late an insatiate pressman Inscribed that word ' seascape But, Heavens ! how poor old Johnson His joints with horror will shake When he reads the last creation, The too too utter 'seaquake.' fHERE was a young man of Molong, Who had a proboscis so long, That as he went by, The youngsters would ciy, " Hi ! pack up that trunk and go 'long 1" The Corner-stone which the Ieish Land Leaguers have neglected : — Glad-stone. 