©ji SSSallaroo STimes. WALL AKOO, WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 16.1682. g§T Special attention is directed to the alteration of date of Messrs Moody, Furner end Co'e. Sales at Q-reen'e Plains Eait, Kemp's Yards (Paslceville), which tare been unavoid ably postponed until (to-morrow) Thursday, August 17,1882, at one o'clock. Appointment.—We observe that Mr John Clark buB been appointed Post and Telegraph Master at Moonta, vice Mofiat dismissed. Yobee's Pbnineoia Ageictjitubai, So ciety.—The Committee meeting convened for yesterday (Tuesday), was postponed till that day week, at the same hoar. Thb Weatheb.—We bad tome fine showers on Tuesday. whioh - caused water _to ran into some of the tanks. The weather is siill very unsettled. " Abt JouenaXi."—We hare received th« July number of the Colonial jPrintera'Art Journal, which contains an exceptionally interesting list of articles. . Thb Bdsbo- Turkish Wae.— Bainer's diorama has been attracting good houses at Sadina notwithstanding the unsettled statrof the weather. To-night will be the iast exhi bition at Kadina, as the show opens at Moonta on Thursday evening. Kadina Fabuebs' Association. — The monthly meeting of this association was held at the Wombat Hotel, Kadina, on Saturday, August 12. the President (E. M'Eutire) pre sided. After the usual preliminary business the Chai/man put the rules prepared by th& Committee to ibe meeting whioh, with several amendments were carried. Mr Durmooy was ; then duly elected Vice-President for the en suing twelve months. The -Chairman haying addressed the members on various matters the meeting closed. The Electobai, Districts' Bill.—The following is a copy of a memorial Bent to the Go .-eminent by the Green's Tlaina District Council in connection with the Electoral Districts' Bill, now before Parliaments—The memorial of the undersigned Chairman and Clerk of the Green's Plains District Council, on behalf of the Boaidents of the District thereof, Humbly showeth—That the proposed JSlectoi-al District of Wallaroo, is npt consistent with thainterest* of the rasid⁢^• of the liundieds of Kadina and' Xulpara. That the whole of their interest* commercial and o' her wise are centred in the Peninsula towns of Moonta, Kadina, and Wallaroo, the proposed boundaiy of the £lectpral i District of Wtdlaroo. te m'nates easterly at t|ie easte.n bouudqry of the hund<ed. of Kttdinflj t frusaererinjT'the District Council of ^fl-lreea'B Plains. - Ifour petitioners would" rcfepectfu 1 iy«8k that tha JElectora.1 District of Wallaroo, wilt include the wliole of the hundreds of Kadina andKulpara. . Ancl "are as in duty bound will ever pray, &c.; WAHiABOO EDUCATIONAL I»STITIJTB.r~Ehe ! Tnnjdritj of our readera a«i a"«vure thatnrtrtfie oommencrtnent of the gjt^enfc year the Be v. C- Gk>odeii->ugh TaptixLjjSfcqgpbing the neces sity, for a schopl which ,would impart a &igher;'. class of edocation than ,J& obtainable at the State Schools, established such an institution The success; he has met with, we are pleased to eay, has been most encouraging ; and a' short time "since he determined to erect a larger building for the purpose. The foundation stone was laid by the- Mayor on Monday afternoon last, in the presence-of the Town Councillors and a number of other friends who had been invited to be present at the ceremony. The Rev. C. G-oodenough Taplin delivered a short address in which he pointed oat that at first he had some hesitancy in having a publio ceremony in connection with laying the foundation of a building that was to be built as a prirate undertaking. But when they considered that the building was to be dedicated to th» advancement of learn ing he thought it sufficient excuse for the present proceedings. " The Mayor,"Mr Bews, was presented by the contractor, Mr Heath, with a mallet and trowel, and. laid the stone saying,' I lay the foundation stone of this' building, dedicated "to ;tbe advancement of knowledge, and learning, in the name of The Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. ~ Amen.'. Prayer was then offered by the Her. C. Goodenough Taplin, after which the Major congratulated the promoters on their enterprise. The result of the late examination proved that the masters were of the proper stamp, and he hoped the time was not far distant when they would fir?d that the beginning made that day had resulted in the establishmeut of a college. Nature had deprived Wallaroo of some of her choice gifts ; but etill it had numerous advantages. They had there lines of railway, besides which numerous steamers called weekly. Where then could there be a Letter centre for a college? There were other parents present who would be able, better than himself, to appreciate the advantages of having such » school within their reach ;■ for he need scarcely tell them that thfer* was often a very great risk in sending lad'sjpray to .school, at the critical agewh«n thejCjriqaired the close at tention of their parents ; snob a disadvantage had often been the means of causing young men who might have been ornaments of society to become the reverse. He considered Mr Taplin worthy of-their very best thanks ; for in any case «t fit st the undertaking, was surrounded -With grave responsibilities; ~fHe hoped the school would prosper , and became; the grand institution which they all desired it should be. Councillor Phillips congratulated the promoters on the success which had at tended their efforts so far. He had a high opinion of the State schools, but still there was^a great necessity for another school, which could build on the foundation laid in the former. Councillor Masters also congrat ulated Mr Taplin on the success he had met with and felt proud that they were likely to have such an institution-in their midst: In a bottle under the stone were placed copiesof the Wallaroo Times' and YorTce's Peninsula Advertiser, and'a document with the follow ing inscription :—"The Foundation Stone of this bailding, dedicated to the advancement of Knowledge and Learning, was laid by EEs Worship, the Mayor of Wallaroo (Dayid Bews, Eeq. 3.P.), in the presence of ;the -Town Courieil, oii*7the r14th day of August, -in fhe year of our -Lord one thouiandr -eight hundred and eighty two." At the conclusion-of 1 the ceremony the company wer« invited tofthe Parsonage, where a pleasant hour was spent.. 