THE NOVELIST. across the grain. Br A. C., asihob or " In Two yeaes' Time, ""A mjsbb chaiior,"" Missed in the Cbowd," &o.; Ceapteb ii. Constance's ohost. — • „„ whn have Uvea mucn in m« The Fleming travened sufficiently to bnBh'!nto8te for life and novelty, like going b»ve a g"S»-or any one of the half-dozen totbe tbeatre-o concert, or what (jjteitamme j^P ^ ' yeaT IOund for the Mel DOt'pr3c which aeerne to them, when honrne public. wnic „ aa eveamg b "."f io"1' ««•"«.»' °'.J? indulgence ie an expensive one, and ^" if fnrn reaerved for Bpecial occasions. & 'Htht ttaw is nothing striking going on mnaician or actor of European fame, in j Dv !L «f whom extravagance would be a ii tr^it ia becauae it is Constance's birthday is hw aw Sving themselves a treat ^er embark on this little enterprise with .h2 customary carefolneBB. They pin up the tails of their gowns; tbey button them IivSinlong waterproof ulsters; the girls ll rfnn a small fur cap, and the mother, Stag off her white head- dress (which Con S carries in a little bag, along with thrir gloves, an opera- glass, a smelling ffie and a rose for Janey'a hair), swathes her head in a warm woollen hood, and they In nut on goloBhea, Thua equipped, and after giving Ellen, .the little housemaid, several strict injunctions, they sally boldly forth. It is quite a clear night, after all. though everything out of doors shines and drips with wet. So they decide not to harden themselves with umbrellas; also they decide that it is not necessary to take the omnibus, wfch, passing their gate on ita way to and from the station, is often made use of in bad weather. Constance says they have nine minutes, and bo they walk to the train, Mrs. Fleming taking the arm of her tall daughter, who is the escort and protector of the party, and Janey keeping close to her eiater'a elbow. Walking briskly through the quiet streets, they reach the station in seven minutes and a half, and there find a considerable cro wd on the dimly-lit platform; people also going in to the theatre, or to some amusement in town. Mre. Fleming turns to look for Janey, and theae two glide into the background to waitnntilthe train arrives; Constauce breasts her way through the crowd of men that are pushing each other ronnd the ticket window. She holds her head very high—she approaches the window with an assured and stately air. And they do uot jostle her more than they can help. "Three first returns," she calls, in her clear voice, and she stretches out her hand to pat down eighteenpence. Another hand instantly comes oat of the crowd in the shadows around her, and ia laid upon her arm. "Constance!" says a low voice, with a sudden, sharp intonation. She starts and looks round, and a light seemB to leap into her face that was so com posed and cold. Bending forward, so that fu* boad, on which he wears a soft grey cap, a full in the glow of the ticket-window, a man is gazing at her, appealing for recogni tion. He is fair and slight, and at her side he looks a Bmall man; but he ia moderately tall, and he has a delicate bat clear- cut, im pressive face, lit up by a pair of keen and qoica grey eyes—eyes whose observation not anch escapes, apparently. Those eyes have looted at her before to-day, thongh she does wt tnow it; they look at her now with pae •"""VW vO^ClllCQt!, Ab/'S.* ' 8,he exclaims, under her breal J™ they both stand motionless for 5°m®nti Paring at each other. Then ticketaL!? 4 P- ber hands her t BMh ki *et8' P°8hing up to the windo [ZJfJro®1 .h« Place, and in a f< thecrnlS .nds herself on the outskirts her nmt^ir wt.kh® dark corner to whi t£ttTd,#"ter have tetir«d. hut 3h5e?UJform;*nd the man w Esso hrftt her e,de- The ®»on, whi loot,reraalaik • *on 6 wefc tails at th ne pale with in1606810.each other. Be " ttk, etron8 emotion, ueyou 'Zr Ldoikg' Constance! Whi * tone « ek ' PP Ltli6 Bame aha ttme. that in which he called 1 wfef-sM?,1"ire ##.» y« Mother and Janey are wi ,0J?» are living in Hawthorn now, are "Yes." .Si" Jhtt" Th6,6M«a 5, het«lf for awhfln 1° ^??e. and Uve thoowagthesalilLil I.dldat care—< ^"od. ISd i -iLanoJher aa far as I w Th8'" hW d° whate' •S^MtHK' tod Con8tanceseems to demand " H rec°ver her lost si 5®?*. in'a caiefiT Mildred ?" she as ^fc0ueuS'?" 8Ured ^ "A a?h5uUe *e»-and so ace i Ye^'" * M# thtee °°®8 no nv No. Jim ft n d^^now that&wee; irIekP°8e • qa,ck rf. do that-hnt,?here—youmu C W* let Wu}f dWt wk.her indeed he n0 help ; ''ff'tbtre^Mh" yi8t»ng. nmreeq u Ai3 don't ».nr!5,0,J8' to keep it up for I are so near—if you suggest it, Jim—she will." " Could I euggeet it? he asks, drawing bis breath bard, while his eyeB devour her face. "I'm not a atone altogether, Constance— though, God knows, I often wieh I were! I have done what 1 can, but 1 can't do im possibilities." His hand is half stretched out, as if to emphasise his protest, and Bhe takes it andaenly, and holds it tight between her own. " Yon promised me bo faithfully," Bhe Bays, looking straight into hiBface with her solemn eyes. " Yon are not going to disappoint me —to fall below your nature—to be unworthy of yourself—of us both—are you ?" Even as she makes this appeal, the whistle Bounds along the line, and the engine lamps shine through the cutting. Hei has no time to respond to it. With a gesture of haste and impatience, he looks at the approaching train, and then over his shoulder at the crowd Barging forward from the Bhadow of the building and about to overflow them. 11 Mustn't 1 take care of you to-night ? You have no man, and I am alone," he says eagerly. Then, with a glance at her face, " No, 1 Bee I mustn't," he adds, with a little bitter laugh. " Good-night, Jim — I must und my mother." " Well, good-night, Constance. I have had a eight of you, any way—that's something." Their hands unclasp, and they are sepa rated by the crowd aa the trains sweeps up to the platform. Constance drifts a little way, and comeB upon Mrs. Fleming and Janey, flustered and anxious, and looking wildly ronnd for her. " O my dear. I thought we had loBt you !" the mother exclaims, with a little sigh of relief. And they Bcramble into the nearest carriage, while the engine runs round to the other end of the train, and in a few seconds are on their way to the city. When they are seated, ConBtance gives a rapid glance over the open compartments of the carriage, sees no head in a grey cap amongst the two or three dozen heads around her, and subsides into her corner, and Boftly covers her eyes with her hands. "Does your head ache, Connie?" asks Janey anxionsly. " A little, dear." " Oh, I'm so sorry! It will spoil jyour en joyment" "No. it won't—it is nothing of any ac count And ConBtance says no more, except a casual "yeB or "no," until they arrive at Flinders-street. Here ahe wakes up to a senBeof her family responsibilities—draws her mother's hand within her arm, and pilots the little party np and down the crowded staircases of the station into the street. As usual, when weather permits, they pass all . the cabB, and take their way on foot to the theatre whither they are bound. Before they have gone far they arrive at the fish monger's, and the housekeeper goes in and i orders her prawns and her tender steak of Murray cod (which she will call for on her re turn, and carry home in a paper parcel) for to-morrow's dinner, with aB mnch care and discretion aB though Bhe had nothing else in the world to think of. At the theatre ahe escorts her mother through the pretty tiled vestibule to the ladies' cloak- room, aud there they take off their goloshes and their oat door garments, and take out their little orna ments for evening wear. Constance settles her mother's fichn and pins the white cap— a triumph of her own millinery skill—on the matron's pretty hair. She pulls out Janey's crushed ruffles until they look light and fluffy again, and arranges the crimson rose that she has carried in her bag so carefully. For herself she doeB nothing. She takes not one glance at the glasB, and ao Bhe does not see how pale she looks. And not pale only. Janey, as she offers to fasten her Bister's glove buttons with a hairpin, looks np at her with eyes of puzzled curiosity. " What are you staring at the curtains for ? do yon expect anyone ?" she asks. " What iB the matter with yon, Connie? Yon look as scared and queer somehow as if—as if you had seen a ghost or something." " 1 have seenaghoat," says Constance, with a little laugh. " What?—no, not really?" and the puzzled aspect of Janey's countenance deepens into awe. "No, not really," ConBtance repeats, com posing herself. " A figure ont of the past— that's all." " It is the effect of this horrid birthday! It makeB yon brood over all sorts of things. Well, it will toon be over, and yon'll get used to. being thirty years old. After all, what's thirty ? Pooh—nothing 1" They walk out from under the curtains and into the auditorium of the snug little theatre, Conatance leading the way, as usual, with her mother on her arm, and the younger sister looking very charming in her deep-toned vel vet, with the red rose in her pale, bright hair —flitting along behind them. The usher shows them into their seats, which are very near the stage box, and they settle them selves with rather 'an elaborate air—the air of people who go to the theatre for a treat, to enjoy themselves, and not to kill time be cause they have nothing better to do. The lights at present are turned down, but Con atahcelooke all round the house eagerly for a familiar figure, and, not finding it, stealthily watches the doorway—which, from her place, fens is able to do without turning her head. She has a conviction that Jim Colquhouu will never be able to keep himself away from the Bijou to-night—why was she each a culpable, idiot as to tell him they were going there ?—and, though ehe triei to pray that he may resist temptation, eyes and heart alike ache, to Ahe his lace again. .. Janey begin* to Chatter in a loud whisper . Not wany here yet, Connie; I'm afraid it I not, going to be a Very lull house. You ought to have had your birthday on a Saturw day-^SMut^ay is, always the best night Aoi love stb she lots ol people. Are those ***•*! at Carry JJ^beajre—whkt 'ted 'teste "to come to the theatreina iqw bodioe, even if one base W$r Bj^-Dontyou think so?" T '."frptl-' W>. turned! np now, end the ^ nnder Ivay, The sitters are fond g fa aqnlet, domeetlo fashion, aud l^^in»Ue»oe to listen to the overture; which happens to be one of their own favourite selections. Then the lights go down again, and the curtains go np. Janey'a attention iB riveted to the stage for awhile, bnt she does not leave off whispering. " Do yon see that fat creature, Connie—far back to the right? Now, don't you think they might put on their whitewash better than that? And those great black goggles—why, a housepainter with hiB brush could have done it as well If they think they make themselves fascinating that way, well, they are very much mistaken, that's all. There's a pretty dresB, Connie—oh, isn't it pretty? Do you see how nicely the train fans round ? It doesn't twist up into a rope like ours. I wonder how Bhe fixes it. I expect she must have Borne stiff muslin pleated inside—0 Constance /" Constance knowB what that sudden pause and fall of voice means. She has been watch ing him for the last three minutes. She Baw him come in; she saw him Btand for awhile, regardless of his attendant, just within the entrance, looking round from right to left; and then followed him with her fascinated eyeB as he walked Blowly to the club box on the other side of the stage, where he has just taken a chair nearly opposite to her. "0 Conetance, do you see?—there is Mr. Colquhoun!" Constance nods slightly, with her eyes fixed on the new-comer. Janey stares at him fixedly, with a face full of curiosity and alarm. The mother looks at the stage, as if absorbed in the progress of the play, but she haB a high colour, and a certain tightness about her lips, and her nostrils are inclined to quiver. Not one of the three knows any more bow the piece is being acted, or what it is all about Presently Janey looks down on her lap, and Bteals a hand into her Bister's. " Was that your ghost ?" she whispers. " Yes; Janey." " Oh, poor Connie 1" Then, after a pause, " What shall you do?" There iB no need to ask the question. Mr. Colquhoun assumes the control of the situa tion, to a certain extent He Bits quietly in his box until the curtain falls, and the lights are turned up again; then he waits patiently until he can intercept one of Mrs. Fleming's frequent glances at him. She tries to avoid an open recognition, but he is too quick for her, and she finds herself obliged to respond with some Bhowof politeness to a sadden and very pronounced bow. Immediately upon thiB exchange of salutations he rises from his seat, and the Flemings know that he is coming round to speak to tbem. Conetance sits like a stone, bnt with wild pulses beating and tingling in her ears and throat, and Janey flutters all over with excitement Mrs. Fleming lookB severe and indignant for a minute, and then her face relaxes into smiles, and she greets her visitor almost with effusion. "Oh, Mr. Colquboan, how do yon do? This is quite a surprise! Are yon staying in Melbourne ? Why have yon not brought Mrs. Colquhoun with you ?— I Bhonld have been so pleased to see her. I hope she is not ill. But, of course, if she were, you wonld not be here." "Most certainly I should not," he Bays quietly. And at the sound of his voice Con stance feels as if Borne tense pain at her heart relaxed. That voice, to her ears, has a thousand shades of meaning; and Bhe knows at once that he has come after her, not in defiance of her appeal, bat to Bhow her that hie better man responds to it. He shakes hands with them all, and, taking an empty seat on the tier behind them, leans down and talks polite commonplace with Mrs. Fleming. Mildred is quite strong again, he is happy to Bay, and the baby, they tell him, is a particularly fine little girL The eldest boy, he iB afraid, is rather delicate, and he thinks it very likely that the air of Melbourne, even thongh their honse stands high and in a very healthy locality, may not be fonnd to suit him. If he shows any signs of flagging, of coarse they will trice him back to the country at once. The bush ie rather dull for Mildred in winter—they have bo few neighbours, and the roads are too bad to get abont much; besides, ehe seemed to want a little change after her illness. If it were not for the difficulty abont the baby, be thinks he would take hex to Europe for a time—he believes there is nothing like a sea-voyage for setting one thoroughly straight. Then he remarks upon the wet weather, and how badly the rain has been wanted; hopes there won t be frosts, to keep the young grasB back now that it has got a start, Ana so on, and so on. All the time Janey sees, ont of the corner of her eye, that he looks intently at Connie's back hair; thongh Connie looks at the stage, scarcely moving a hair's breadth, and seems to take no notice of him. The bell soon rings for the rising of the curtain, and he returns to bis seat. Mrs. Fleming heaves a sigh of relief—it seems to ber that an unfortunate incident has passed off very well, upon the whole. She is still more satisfied when she sees Mr. Colquhoun, quite in the early Stage of the second act, rise from hie chair and steal quietly ont of the house. She shakes ont her skirt, settles her ebawl about ber shoulders, and becomes quite alert and cheerful. However, as they pass ont of the theatre into the Btreet, Mr. Colqnhoan appears again, with startling suddenness. " Will you take my arm, Mrs. Fleming, until yob get through the crowd ?" he asks eagerly. But Constance's mother pulls herself to gether, and politely declines his escort. " We have grown quite accustomed to taking care of ourselves,' she says, in a high-pitched voioe." " Good-night, Mr. Colquhoun, and thank yon." He twits and lifts bis cap; then he stands aside qii the pavement,* the light from the veetibnle lighting up hie vivid face. His nostrils dilate; hie keen eyes flash into the eyeB that turn to 'meet tbem. Constance knows that Ibbk. To her mother's extreme annoyance, she shakes herself free for a moment, and goes a step towards him with her hand outstretched. " Do you want anything, Jim ?" ehe asks Smtly, but in a perfectly audible voice, very thing Is audible and obvibns In the in tercourse that this unfortunate couple permit themselves. Unfortunate, did I say ? Can they be called unfortunate whose nature is such that, in defiance of all conventional ex pediency, (hey cannot bring themselves to tell a lie in word or deed—or to suggest one 1 Snrely not. " Do I want anything?" he repeats, with a grim little Bmile abont his beardless month— totally contradicted by the Bndden tender* nese that fills his eyes—" I want to say good* night to yon, Connie. And—and to give yon tbis. There is something in it that I wish yon lo know before yon go to bed. Good* night." " Good-night," she responds. Their hands clasp, and she feels a bit of folded paper in ber palm, which she clutches tightly and thrusts into her ulster pocket. The crowd parts tbem, and Mrs. Fleming calls to her from a little distance with cold displeasure— "Are yon coming, Constance?"—and does not pnt ber hand under her daughter's arm witb the wonted gesture of dependence that is the mother's sweetest caress. Poor mother t an old wound in her heart has opened afresh that she thought was closed and healed. The three ladies—with an invisible guardian at their heels, keeping watch over their pro gress, lest larrikins should molest them— return to Hawthorn, scarcely speaking to one another on the way ; and as soon as they reach home Constance goes to her room, locks the door, lights np the gaB, and reads her letter. It is a small sheet ot paper, with the Btamp of the Melbourne Club embossed on it, and Jim has written his message across the inside pages. " I could not answer your question just now, bat I have been thinking of it, and— no, dear, no, I am not going to disappoint you if 1 know it. I feel it awfully, seeing you again—1 did not make myself, and I can't change. But you Bhall never have to be afraid of me, and to feel that yon must guard yourself against me. O Connie, if I thought 1 bad come to that—well, I simply couldn't stand it. I will do whatever you wish to the utmost of my power, however bard I have to fight for it. 1 have tried my beBt all tbis time, and I will go on—I mil, Constance, and yon must help me by trusting me as you always used to do." 