\:? : AOTA POPULI. . . , : By the Flanbtjb, '.If a healthy person of either sex could have .! 'caught a bird's-eye view of Sydney about 4 this '; (Wednesday) morning, that person would have returned with a report that the dead had arisun, and were making ready for fehe general judg ment. It is well, however, no one was so favoured aB to enjoy the view, because the Daily Telegraph would then have leaders pointing out the inadvia ;, ability of squelching a young colony which could boast of a ' navy' (vide D. T.) like that stately . /I asylum for ante, the 'Wolverene, and a poet|of such transcendent abilities &a; Premier Parkes, tho \- BW66t singer of Shea's Creek, whooe patriotism once broke out in the following virtuously indig aunt lines :— . 'I care not who in wealth may shine ; 1 Ikeednot Pleasure's call ; , ...-- , ;' I pause not even at Wisdom's shrine,' '' .'' ' Nor fear what may befall.' ?'?':'?'' It's mighty evident just now Sir 'Eury kept his word, and he did not ' pause at Wisdom's shrine ' '? '''' 'or1 he would never have gone home to have his '.' 'gigantic brain and opaeious otoinach thrown out ' of gear by the sight of her Majesty's back and the Epicurean delights of three meals a-day washed down with bumpers of what he would call 'Chat too Margot.' But I digreae. Leb us skip up onco more to the comet. Mow that Ai-iibi Boy is oocludcei, and John Davies under a cloud, fchiB comet comeo most welcomo. Eurly every morning cince its ftri-ival 'groups of ansioua-looking parties clad in oenowy garments of the Hour-bag pattern, might be soon ' -Wandering ref-tloaaly to and fro from the back door to the wood-heap, like ' strange s pirits on the Stygiau banks' waiting for old' '. Charon's punt to cart; them over, and ever and anon they would caofc thoir eyes heavenward ?; until the glorious visitor appeared, after which 'tiL -Oy wou^ rstum to fclieir sanctums and go paw ing aboufc £or 8tuffi to rub infco theh' P°W rheu jnatfr lim^ ^rom time immemorial it hsa b^ the 'c&Bfcom; to look on those , celeBtial larrikins, called cometBj'as the forerunners. {of some dire calamity $ and as calamities, like twins, seldom | come singly, we' may now , consider otiraclres in, the same position as a lot '6f fyoiUJg bears — that is with ail out tfotibles before us. But we have had adore 'tfhau 'onteVigh already. Sir 'Enry over ate hinfteilf.'and fell ill 5 beef jumped to 7d a lb., and even then it's ' keg-meg' ; our gorgeous sheet- of-bark palace was carefully cremated, and all therein melted away like the snows on Sebron's Mount in summer, or a bar luncheon before the face of a Gesaiaa Stod at anytime ? our water supply fa Commencing tofetrike ataefady j and^aU thti&e; afflictions ? aW, o*f course, Solely due to cometio influendes. ' 5Mb, however, is good newB for theJesWiltfij who will now probably get a rest, unless ftanny Allen can prove that oar aerial per secutor is the spirit of one of these worthies who, according to the doctors of the Beg school, have but one object in either world, viE., the annihila tion of all who differ from them. '. . As we are hot :quite as '6ft'e'n VM'fced by comets as we are By pnilotfd|-tac'a\ pint-pot lecturers, a few words ffi&Jr; not be amiss respecting theBe: eccentric parties who scoot about through space in a sort of go-as-you-please fashion with their 'ten million cubic miles of head-— ton. billion leagues of tail.' Firet e£ all,. a comet, ;like a good shilling, hen & head and a 'tail, the former being evidently 'composed, (If. 'som'etMn^ akin to the electric light, and the l&t;'b'6i? of something similar to 'the kra'dikk Irom our facetiously-called ' noisel%*i6 * motors. Meteor streams composed of countless thousands of stones, from the block weighing 700 tons down to the tiny bit no bigger than a piece of wood, rush along as a sort of body guard to these wanderers of the skyj anil a man who happened fco be standing (Gareie.Bsly around when a t( Bhoofcer ' !&ew; past ^rould'be apt to be Bomewbat 'seriously injured by the 'time the blue metal junks had doiie with him1, i Some inquisitive nartv, who *eV5.oleii'tlV had nlentv of time to 'spare, l6rie'e got hold of a lump of chalk and Kgiii-'cd out on the side of a house that aboufc 146,000 millions of meteoric bodies fall on this earth every year — that is when there's a good metoric season up above-. These meteors ! are composed of nickel, cobalt, phosphorus, i iron, &c;, and the only reason we fei-e not completely Quashed itjk ti% 'get tired of the long journey, and tke air surrounding our earth maketj cfeofcls work when it lays its grip upon thorn. They then smash up into the finest dust, and it is a wondrous thing to reflect that, everv breath we draw contains matter which once whirled round the Bun, and passed close enough ! to ask old Neptune how ho was off for soap, to ' shake bauds with Jupifeel*, and even snatch a kiss ! from Venus, It is sad, however, to think that i the bar-keepers charge one gust the /sama; for a ' long^sleever' as if he only breathed corpora' tion filth instead ef dust celestial. I Of course the usual panic-promoters are on hand to-xiay as they were when Halleyfe !§£eafc comet in 1455 frightened people E&l;&uch; that they, could scarcely keep their felothes oni and when cookB were afraid to «w, donkeys td kick^ and barbers actually forgot to talk i their customers' heads oiOf. Foremost amongBti these f disturbers of fche public peaoe to-day couS'^s old Galileo's friend, Mr. Windsor Itefebutt,; who cheerfully aBBures us that we asrd all to be frizzled up at no very distant dafce, The theory he builds oa is that in 1668 * cornet appeared and went onve round the sun in the shortest time oa record. The Bun, however, seemed to take quite a fancy to this tail- bearer, and began to do the Milner Stephen business by magnetising it, the \ result being that when the giddy stranger came ! paafc again in 1843 it was much closer to old Sol ? than it was before. This game being carried *m ' ever since, the man from Windsor . declares tho comet^will at last be drawn into the BUn just as a moth is drawn into a candle, sad when that happens the Licensing Act w-sn't affect us here any more than it afcnraaenh nffAnfD .T,,i;,,n n ? This of course is very consoling to persons Vho have bills to meet the day after the exploaioa - but I regret to 8ay Mr. Tebbutt'a u^V open to doubt, because, if the fccfc oHhe sun's being ablo to P.tonewall khm disputable old comet will produce such un undesirable confla. gration whoa it bumps OgaillBt hi h the partial omsb of its Bpe8d pvoduco 801^0fchi of a oimilae effect to.day ? I throw this hint out to the Garden P.alace jurora. Nothing can be more clear now than that the present heat i, due to th1S beastly comet, and no one elsa but that stellar scoundrel fired our « hearts' delighfc » and our 'pocketa* emptier.' I have half an idea that those aitronomioai agitators who sit on a fence all night rakbg the heavens fow and affc with 40.horBe.powe/tele. scopes h^ye bo other motive in scaring the public than that of lowering the price of land, in order that they m'ay be able to buy up when the fright is on, and sell out again when it's over. They therefore require watching quite as much aB the eomet does ; and to get over some of them one would require to rouse up almost quite as early. There will be another show to-night of our prf - sent visitor, who is indeed a splendid specimen of bis tribe; t saw it this morning, and after careful measurement, by the aid of a boot-lace and a] square bottta holding about ope pint, % made the. head abeniti a* large iao a ' tuppeny' mutton p'te, Ibne Vail being 2 yards, 1 foot, 3inches long, and' having the appearance of a lot of steam tied up in a lump to act as a feather-duster. It was endeavouring to stand on its head at the time ; but as the yard-dog got loose, I didn't wait; to Bee how the concern succeeded. Apropos of the Garden Palace bonfire, it is indeed re-a's,sur'in^ tfd jjot© the cool, collected manner £h which the G-overnment take the cala mity* and their resignation over our national loss would do credit to the greatest Stoics that ever trod this earth, 'It's no use crying over spilt milk,' waa the cheerful reflection of the Knight of Clovely; And i£ the. Spectacle Island magafiifie-murder department was fired to-day, and thirteen out; of every . ,tdqaeri , of ub blown to .giopy, 'Sir 'Ebi'y .would walk into the 'Oii'BB with a crocodile tear in his eye and a snivel on his lip, and let out the same consoling observation. If we only knew what documents, &c;, that unlucky^wattle-and.-dab structure con tained, we would probably find that much of the Ministry's resignation springe from the same dis interested ';Bo1irCe aB that o£ the small boy who whSn he i'eacked his school one inarning and found it a heap of smouldering ashes quietly ob served, ' Well, I'm glad the .dprned old thing's burnt down t'o-dayi'colt diHri't learn myjjogriphy a bl'eDBed bit.' However, the Government have unanimously decided to build another shed on the old spot — at the ratepayers' expense of oourae. Whether the latter will stand the fleecing is quite another matter. .,:-.. I .notice, '' ^itn affooi- jiris^ tliab Dor-rrdurs upon in-dig-nassMn,?' as Australia's Champion Cicero would say, that O'Farrell who shot; at Archbishop Q oold reoeived only a paltry sentence of two years, whilst O'Farrell who ventilated] H. B. H; Fiddler Alfred was hanged with the greatest pleasure imaginable. This shows how much better it is to be a ''useless', corner-stone laying, dunder-headed prince fchah a pious, zealous, hard working bishop. The Melbourne authorities, however, scarcely treated fe b'Farrel). fairly. In the first pift% iiS waa not branded as a paid Fenlah assassin, immediately after he did the deed ; no; ghosts were raised to keep up the ' ocksidement,' and, above all, no spy crouched behind his cell door to 1c!6nViblb felie unfortunate lunatic out o^ h& 'dw'n ravings. They don't do evejyttiibg better in Melbourne after : all ; but perhaps the authorities over there are a thin Bkinned lot, and object to degrading the dictafcor s.hip of their colony to the offlce of AifiirM d'e^eb» tive. Speaking at 't^6 opehing of the Prince Al fred Hoipttal, Q-overnor Lbftus, with his usual feSioity, dragged the case of the first O'Farrell into his drivelling speech neck-and-crop, and with a keenness of discrimination that would do credit to an old magpie in its dotage, he solemiily declared ' the colony musfc be held blameless in regard to tho pafpofcrition of this fttrocious crime.' ^his is the same party^ hetiroverj who said he had seen ; the English, French, 'and. EusBlan trodgb &eVi;&wfec;], but he never saw a Ifiner, muster than that of our own. volutifce^i's. Away, Gussy ! Get thee fco thy duct-house ! We are not all in our second child hood, although you would seem to think we are. Perhaps, however, your speech was readied i'up' by your master for the oecasionj and like Sir Joseph Porter you never think of thinking for yourself at all. We will charitably believe this j bo pass on, It waB an old saying of the ancientB that those whom tho godsmtended to destroy were first driven mad. I was about to eay Sir 'Enry is at present the Bubject of the gods' attention, but, on second thoughts, I conclude ho haa been simply driven foolish. Nothing could be more laughable (were it not so coBtly) than tho phiffcB to which the Premier is driven night ai'te'i* Sight io order to wriggle out of some moss his own natural i#7 and egregious presumption rams him into, As nn example I may refer to his recent suicidal chat over the 'Limitation of Oatha Bill ' Z7V° fchat part in which ^ a Glared, 'he entirely agreed with the hon. Zn ^ Upp6r Hunt01' thafc °' ™^~ -on. would be scandalized if wo had a men Wed fco the highest position who was not pre, »Wd to take fch9 Qhvkthn oath.' UoW m^ of our institutions were scandalized when Sir Saul Samuel acted as Colonial Treasurer ! i Saul, although amongst our prophets (and profits also) at the time, was scarcely the style of manjto take the 'Christian oath1' (whatever that; is) j and stepping higher up in the scale j it is scarcely too much to eay tbat a conscientious mttn like itohn Bright, who is a shining light in the Society of Friends, would take any oath at all^-^unlesS iii had hot water} sugar, iinft lembh ib ik What beats Bannagher (and I'm told that die. trict occasionally beats the d ? 1) is the sudden waking up of Sir 'Enry t? t^ incalcuiaWe im ??i1nnC6 o! Christian teaching. ' Our whole insti - tufcion rests,' says \ Slippery Henry, ' on the Christian foundation.' BUoes ibi Thefl why is the knowledge of this ?_ C.hrisiia'ii theory moBJ;^ carefully shut, dill; - . ^roni the most iiiipbrfcatitbf all our institutions, viz.,' our public schools ? Why, when the Education Bill was underway, didjyou insist that success in life depended on secular education ? and why did you scandalize ;our educational institutions by making it an almost criminal offence to mention the name of Christianity's Founder inside the walls of your strictly mundane academies ? These subterfuges ill becoihe one who but lettely pose$ before th'e world ah tlie iniih to wnom ih.e siinsefj' of life gave that mystical lore which -enabled him to strike the right path in all questions of doubt, and whose strict integrity (don't laugh) and honesty of purpose enabled him to follow the fcraok without the slightest swerving. Henry, here's an old fable4 tgnd me yoW ears for a : while1} and I'll return then! at a mo* ment's notice'. Once upon1 a' time a cat and a fox were squatting sociably tofethef on a log discuBBing the Egyptian crisis^ and' the proper way to wrihf £ dfSw'd nebiij wh.J-ii Bnd denly, as you yourself would sing, the'orh of the 'untsman was 'eard on the 'ill, and a ,second later his hounds buvgt in on top of the unlucky pair. The debating class was at once adjourned sine die till some other time, and the fox started off with the speed of a .hungry -man trying to ca'tcli his.dinnei' tram. TKe cio'gB.w&e.; too g'oo'd,! Ko'^' ever, so JReynard tried strategy, but without sue-* cesa, for after repeated, turns,; and twists, and wriggles, he was at length cornered, gripped by the throat, and then the fortunes of .Arabi Bey and the taste of boned turkeys were alike a matter of indifference to him. He knew one hundred schemes, but he was caught at, the ninety-ninth. The cat knew but one— that waa to shin up atree3 and it Saved her bacon* Theresa a moral iii fch£ above, Sir 'Enry, and you would do well to ponder over it ; for the horn has already sounded j and your final run is oloBe at hand, ' ' fflmc dimittis s'ervu&i; tii'iM might well be the deafen song of a grand old man who has just passed from us, full of years and honours— not the tinselled shams we now deal out to sucoessfui villainy, but those honors which the blameless' life of an honest, upright man boldly demand from ail f life ^ko%, Ub Us e8m& Hi hbhi&Hii; ^ucb. a man was the late James Ourtis, who hael just 'fallen asleep in the Lord' wt the ripe old age of 75. At St. Mary's he was almost aa insti tution as it were. He saw two churches burnt and two erected. The noble structure lately opened waa what he longed to see 5 and now, the ceremony being Over,, he has gone to reap his Jub£ reward. ' Quiet and unasBtitning in hiB ways, hs never thrust himself into the1 front tanks, but patiently waited his turn j and thtifi his heart and hahfl we're ever ready to1 aid any good5 cause whatever. It will be long tfefdW the memory' of this grand old pioneer of the Ca&kdilS; faitb! will be forgotten. There Bhpuld be no lamenting for one like him, but we Bhould rather go forth on bur way with the honoured dead rejoicing, as with one1 who has bravely' fought' his fight and conquered. Vale f ' .; '':,.„? ? _ Me. CJ)lidifia« &tillenV; now travelling for us ins the Northern district -,& . fiilly authorized to transact all business on onvheMM.- We have to thank many kind friends in, the distrM*. through which he has travelled f oi- the generous asbistance. given, and we are quite assured that our repw oentative will meet with the stimo hearty Bupport in the other districts he travels. Opening o^ St. Mabt's Cathbi:eAI'— Ab a few copies of, the nplendid engravinb'' o£ S^' Mary's new Cathedral (issued with the Eret.?im * Jarrnal) remain on hand, persons desirous' .P* ? -^heminay got them by applying, to tb* having. ?^ at tto* nominal cost of $&? Freeman's Jour... 3«va ioT ©n^ dozen copies' each j by post 43. Oru^ ~iG% ; or more willbe supplied ab 2d e- ,f&tUr;~ SiOTBtha opening of ^^SSs of MJ Patterson has given 8ev-eral'erend gentkioan » skill aa an orgfe. rjh^ ^ aSbepla5^llh pedalling is exce^aigiy^^a -nreBBioQ' admirable finish and fhltc^'ot ?-t 