METCHEli. £feom oce own CORRESPONDENT.] There ia no dearth of news in Mitchell, lenty of subjects to expatiate upon ; bat fh&t; is foremost with many, that everlast subject upon which we 'can always fall :k whan short of a topic for conversation— le weather, is something delicious just now, irl&ose; who admirea hot climate. With lie thermometer 108 in the shade of a ver idah aawe are writing, together with lose genial Warrego showers experienced iir the past few days, life in Mitchell is IjKrlatively delightful—for those who like * * We have been anxionsly awaiting an ter account of an encounter between > nooks" and King Peter's relative, the triarchal Picaninny. "Snooks" himself Forms us that he is unceasingly rambling Jut the banks of the Maranoa, and en ivoring to drop npon the Ghost, butal ;h " Snooks'" peregrinations are very iive, even through the back slumB of tchell, he has failed to sight that worthy 'ividual so long sought after; no doubt, quadrilateral gentleman, thongh so long risible is biding his time, and that when ion arises he will. supply " Snooks" more materials for slating. iting material is at the bottom of many j8 in Mitchell, even Mr. Faulkiner, the rernment engineer, has, we understand, with. date. To-day it is expected he complete his sinkings for a suitable ~ ition for the railway bridge across the 10a. His furthest depth was, we between twenty-eight and thirty when he "struck ile" in the shape of which will answer for a foundation for liles of the bridge. Several survey par have also made their presence known, ,--and heard, and have commenced opeia "I here for the permanent survey of the sletion of the S. and W. Railway to ren. Mr. Josiah Francis, M.L.A., Ip visited Mitchell a few daysagone, r4he object, it is stated, of purchasing ground for building purposes, adjacent locality where the terminus is ex to be made, and of erecting a large " that would not disgrace Queen Si" so the story runs. These transac in addition to the racing mania, have d no little excitement of late. S peak racing, there is quite a number of preparing for the coming events, and a number of horsey men and boys as Nothing bat race talk in every 'and " Still they come, still they come by the dozens." (ill events, it is generally anticipated will be a good meeting on Boxing Day. ight of way of course, for publican's 1^ fruit stalls, &c.;, was secured by Mr. imonson. Post Office hotel, who is cer to cater to (he satisfaction of every i; Friday afternoon, 15th instant, the bell State school broke up for the Sfcmas vocation, and the usual cereino jappertaining thereto, gone through, j psxcelleut order that prevailed throagh -combined with the absence of restraint, volumes for the management of the After the head teacher dismissed pils the children gave three tames cheers for their teachers, wishing them Christmas and a happy New Year. | jn contemplation to give the children an ing in the form of "a picnic, &c.;, during holidays, and if the committee un this burden from a desire to af ileasurable enjoyment to the young ion, we venture to express a confi of the committees' deserving and re a share in the overflowing bounty of , jple of Mitchell and its vicinity. Monday Cheistmas.—Christmas Day n a Monday this year. It fell on a - ' y also in 1865, io 1871, and in 1876, on one of these occasions the follow |was unearthed from, it is Btatedy the pian MSS, No. 2,254, folio 153-3' [f Christmas Day on Monday be, fltj^reat winter that year you'll see, ] pad full of winds both loud and shrill; ! tot in summer truth to tell, gigh winds shall there be, and strong, jgill of tempests lasting long; fiSpbile battles they shall multiply, Kna great plenty of beasts shall die. Phey that be born that day, I ween, Ehey shall he strong each one and keen, shall be found that stealeth aught; .6' thou be sick, thou diestnot. tyear 1866 was the year of the Austro rian war, a year of disastrous gales in Jritiah islands and channel, and a year tie plague,. Again, in 1871 Christmas . Monday. The twelvemonth following 'ay saw . cattle plague and violent ; but as to " battles" we must go . few months in 1871 for the capitula \- Paris and the conflict with the Com , Christmas Day was also on a Mon 376\. The following year saw Russia _ war against Turkey, after Mr. ;tbe English Consul, sent out speci "lulgaria to make enquiries, substan infirmed the shocking details of the of Christian women and children, listt no fewer than twelve thousand liiad heen killed in the distriat of slis. Then we have the siege of w i j where the Russians were [many times, till the direction of ' atgn was entrusted to tlie hands of Eodleben, the great soidier whose foace of Sehastopol had made the ilitaiy reputation of the Ciimean ST.-remember oarrebtly, we lost uitle in th(3 country from the ^gontinued drought, duriug aerely jot down these items of the ooincidencea of the and in no wise prognostic Jbmen for next year. We have r Christmas for the fourth time i years. \—It is one of the essen ces of Christinas that it com the interests of others. , earth and . good will to all [jingmore than charitable in disposition to think kindly; [ua, " Neither of these quali lespised ; yet, if they do not Sympathy and actual deeds, u faith without works; and as ' the real thing as moonlight is [*r W.O+. - r *c VT*JVrr J* ^ of us, as -we have said, ate compelled to re gard the interests of others, .Perhaps we mightmore properly have said " impelled." There is a mysterious force which takes us oat of offl selfishness, «iJ enables us to find room in our hearts for consideration for others. Nor is the fact incompatible "with the highest and the holiest ideas of Christ mastide. It is not worth while. to argue, that if necessity directs our thoughts, there is therefore no merit due to us for the dharity - we practice or the good we do. Who shall Bay what unseen influence it is that governs us? Or who shall deny the fact that meu, if left unaided or nninflaenced, would de generate into listless beings? We do not wish to convey that we undervalue what may be called unconscious goodness. A person who does good, not letting his right hand know what his left hand does, ought to be considered one of the highest and best types of our common humanity. There is many a one, we know, that does a good action without hope of praise, that gives freely without expecting thanks, and takes no credit to himself for the good done. Such cases are not exceptional; they belong to a category high up in the scale of human possibilities ; they are yet samples of that goodness which we have said is not unfre qnently—at least at this season of the year —impelled. The world perhaps would be surprised were it possible for all such in stances to be revealed. Christmas, as a festival, is the communion of heart with heart, the talisman which reveals the divine part of humanity. To take the liberty of altering Tennyson's well known lines, . 'Xis better to have given and lost, Than never to have given at alL" ' We are all called upon alike to give some thing. It may be assistance ol a kind more valuable than coin or substance. But, whether it be, let us remember the occasion as well as the origin of the special influence. Let us give not grudgingly, but with hearts full of love to our fellow men, and gratitude to the sonrce of all our blessings. This ;s the way to enjoy a thorough merry Christ mas and a happy New Year, the possession of which pleasure we wish all our Mitchell readers. 19th December, 1802. 