IRovcltet. , GRIT. A Btory of ttia put ut present; o/ ordi nary men bid ordinary tilings. In ordi nary tann«». BY DONALD CAMERON. somoB or " is tiis roLiw or rnr. ir.sntiiT," B1LVBSW1TKO SKXll," KTC. 44 Be Bore tby sin wilt Ami thee oat,44 ' ItbabeauMfallicMef: ,,Thl erer round our lira.! Am hovering, on angel wing,. The spirits of tlio dead. 'i, .CHAPTER 1- It wofljft burning summer's day, on tho Brcat,.gotJttcd of Grit. . .Tho nun had. risen ft clear 'cloudless aky at dawn, blue us tlio purest ultramarino; but, as tho burning golden. globo of the isnn nnccnded tbo iieavena, bo-, coming a. leaden -yet glaring .dark purple, ' reliovcd with., chrome, on, the horizon— a chroma that, encroached upon tho purple oh a tho day grow and. tho heat waxed fierce. From Ithin terrible setting the sun - shone, upon the earth with j»ll tho power of a giant burning toss, uio worm reueocing rno neat wuu a ficrco resistance, tho result of the struggle being seen. in. the mirage which made it seem as if thq,,air wero in combustion. .And the world of Urit, upon whieh the sun shono that day, wqs of suchia.charnctcr as added fury to the heat„pnd mado it" like Nebuchadnezzar's (urnace. ; , . . . Standing, upon the highest of . tho many hills piGrit, the eyo took in an oriel expanse of desert, .wherein was not to be seen a green thing ;i qqthing Jjut yellow and red earth, and dingy blufidirgrey gum- trees — or; rather tueatupti scrub, — lor the diggers had cut down tho older trees.. Everywhere .the oyo saw. tho' hales sunk by the . miners, and their accom panying tumult of red, yollow, whito, or gray earth, Far below the observer, could be. seen thousandSjOf touts, on the fiat andliills — tents no doubt once white, bat now of the prevail ing brick-rod tone of color that' made thaleai and dazzle, intolerable. , j i It vraa a'ta'rribla dixy. Bo thought, the in- nnmorable:,tribas:in tho beat and. dust of Uritty .Flat, as theyiworked away, hauling up stuff fromi the shafts, or rocking the cradles by tile/muddy .waterliolos. It .was agreed , on Gritty, Flat that such arlay hndnot boon, ex- ;>cricncod since tho goldfiefd had been opened, but, as the osmo observation! had been made, every ,doy during: the poet montli, tho. remark couldi.npt .carry muoh weight. Upon one tiling, however, tho diggers, agreed . that , tho only way,, to relieve „ tho, outer, man was by pouring ' liquid into tho inner— a belief, well, carried oht, for all day ; there was a constant stream to .the straggling street of tents called the town,,: -It was, a. long street; straight, geometrically, zpeakuig, .but crooked to, tho ex treme ,iq, its ways., (There, on this 'fearful day, beer.nnd brandy of very dubious quality were retailed fizzing hot— for; the tents were famous heat cpnduotors,. and the thermometer would leave . registered over, 100, degrees . if placed in nny.of the liquids. Ited -hot barmen stood; in front of tho wooden structures called , bars, retailing brandy and perspiration at the: same . time.,.. .Numerous customers who : had imbibed theso' decoctions and been too earnest in their devotions, to Bacchus, had fallen in the unequal strife ; andtho nowcomcrs had to step oyer, their, forms. , . ;; . , What .ft sight, wjis. Oritty Gully ,fbat day. Thousands of tents glistened and , blistered 'in > Hi 'he sun , as if on army had encamped thcro to i Hdobatjtde;jigithi an.lehemy. Aha it. was so. > HThe qnny of. rnammon had sought this once 1 B1'11'0! . spot, , and.. put . to rout tho sylvan gods I H'hat abode thcrq !n,poaco for myrinds of yoors. . 1 R Henceforward it. was tobeabuHy hnunt of 3 H the great race which seemed destined, to fill I, I the world:, the. Anglo-Saxon — thee race that; i- I 'ears neither climate, disease, nor death. . . ., 6 I von now , tho . institutions of tho great t mothor-iand. vvero in full force. , Where the 3 ' earuiso is .there will the eagles bo gnthcrcd if j'wther, Wlioro Englishmen nro tliero will o u- re whlsboy, and publio meetings, At thotimo; io . pre enter uiion the scene the publio square I'» lulcd,.tvnh thousands, of diggora who were Ming n meeting about their rights in defi- icc of tho, blazing sun,.:: On a barrel— kept its,pacp by,a couplo of stahyftrt minerH — a nous demagoguo was holding, forth on tho this of Britons who nover would be slaves ;rept to tho drink"ficnd ; wlio would liavp "s, that, and tho, other thing 'if their blood ere to flow around them; but a flow of h!»koy was" thb'nibro likclyVoV'qnt; .'Every ow and thon tlio.'dcpingoguos 8amirerswduia »nd him a largq ljldclc bottlo from which lie rcw inspiration, end returned to his task of "dying his commission amidst tlio cheers of , ® crowd that exclninicd, ns.with one voico,.' 's 4 |so fellow, Bunakum, Ho takes liis liquor 5' amnn," ' tfll 'FcUow countrymen I" ' : Bhoittcd the del as WW !a,!,08uo-hls 'liico qs fiery, as tlio sun abovo v'» '? HubiI, 14 Are, you to lib slaves, iq. work in ao- i "uHy to fceu such a Ynmpini as that ?" do- WS "baking his 'huge red fist ht the ojiposito as li "nown us (bo, camp, where; tlio gbidfields' inS Sm dm sslonqr was. Buppqsetl (o .bo resting in, IM, afejlw of litxiiry Under a flopble, roofed tent,, tost ""'you toil ;int|l blood oozes frojii your not jC1hi ""it ho may, enjoy, thp.fat qf. the Jand, er's "S4 drink' his yvjho, and, spioko liiB cigar— 0If i . "c it Hnvnftns— at yaurexpensof Noypr ! and 'Hooray |" cnnio froji) a tlipusapd'tlipontH. tho „AUll'p»rtiotti»r stpga savqral in t)iq crowd ngb 2"10 hritated, \vlien .. thinking ,.,p( tUnir p ;-nb»i nnd, by way of providing a siifety- !,f,; Mvo for their feelings, slashed ihio'tlibper- soris who did not ohecr, .whidi , woo presump tive evidence that they were in league with, tho tyrants; ana, a few hundreds wero hard at. fisticuffs, hitting, awnyi at random, .and 'for the love ,of tho thing. These ructions were glorious, and tho diggers .thoroughly enjoyed them.-, , ,.ii.l (. i!u ' ,44 Fellow, countryman l";, cried : lturiakunl, whose proilunoiation was now becoming tbiok, t4 As that glorious snir. sliiucs rcsplendentr— , ' Hooray,!. shouted those. not, engaged , in .tlio combat, delighted nt, tho. uso of eucha .big phrase— in.; tho heavens', above, supreme, so shell youy rights bo vindicated ; and you shall triumph over this.. fell .and, cruel tyrant.. Another drop, Bill.'! ... , ..q j i- . Tlio last yyorda wore addressed to one of. his supporters,., who at once complied by handing him the bottle. Banaknm took a powerful draught, and, then, gazing, over, the crowd, i attempted to- speak, but utterly failed. ,i Ho gavo another idiotio look, and then fell. back into the arms, of ; his friends,- who bora, him away , to .tho dearest shanty, ; amid the com miseration of aU,. " It was too muoh for bis feelings," was the general, exprcsslon-r-of course ,jho liquor could haye.had nothing to dowitlrit. lie had fallen in a. noble causa. . The platform was now mounted by a rather younger, man. Ho was tall,, and. although strong, of somoivhat . ungainly make.. .His face, red hair, and beard,; -marked bim as Scotch, or of. Scotch descent., His counten ance boro a strange, mingling of tho sensati- tion.il, and tho.intcllcctunl ; in the montli. and jaw the former predominated, and in the brow jhq latter. , Tlio featured were hard and unprepossessing oxcept when 'he suited; and then there, was d great. fascination. in.. his face, A frown, howovevcr, , was the general expression, and the faco conveyed . tlio idea of great dissatisfaction with himself and..tho wbolo world. His pps tho face of a man who. had great expectations, .and had found them, vantsn use tne visions o; a nappy nignt. -no wonder that ho was not over popular with tho. diggers. ; 44 Hector Uacinncs Is going to spent 1" cried tho diggers. 44 He's not much account I Too dry." , . I.! .' ... . 44 lie ilocs'nt tako much grog,44 said an, in dividual, well advaqced -towards that happy stage, 44 that 'count for it.4! ...... This was accepted by aU qs a good and suf ficient reason (or Hector's dryness-. - Hector spoke. in a very different style to that of, llunnkum., ..Ha. put tbo hialtcr„in dispute very clearly, and sought to point out (ho best way of .settling it, eschewing .aU appeals, to tho passions, fighting for .their . rights, repeat ing tlio Eureka Stockada episode, <£o., Ac. His remarks were cohlly listened to by the crowd,., although. ha was recognised as 14 one of us."' . i . J> Hector had, spoken, about fifteen, minutes, when a woman elbowed her .way towards the. barrel.,' She had onco been . beautiful. Tho traces of a fine skin and pleasing features were fit iU visible; but an irregular life under th'o gun o| yictariq. made her not altogether sufficiently presciitablo.. in a drawing room., SIio too. was evidently , suffering from the' general complaint. . , . , .., "Como home, Hector,", oho said, mildly. "What are yoU 'loing, , blathering liorowlicn you ought to be at work? .Come pow, none.of your .nohsensa and blatlicrskiting. . (ict .off that and coma home, with me, pr thingq-will, be worse for, you.",' . / Hector ifdaeuincH . blushed.' scarlet., A ter rible se.owl clouded his face,. , ... .. .. i 44 Go home, Janet," ho said, 44 1'h follqw.4,4, , , "Nonsense,; cried ,thq woman, ",I .ivqn't., You'll have to .'cbino., ,JChpt4s,.flqt. .For, f, if; I lcava you.hero you'll go on talking GJi . all's blue; end I- may sit at., home Gib I grow, a. fixture before you qome. I won't move till; you come with me." , . .. _ , .. Hixtor Mncinncs shut his..: teeth, and, jlaring at tho.wqmnnios if ,ho„qould, hayo, lilted her, jumped oil the platforip qnd .walked away with her,. amid the, deafening, jeprs. and laughter of the aesembled crowd. thatfyastly, enjoyed the scene.. .'- . . 44 Tlicre'll bo a row at their tent; tq-night, I, bet," cried one. i ",Sho is a Tartar. 1. And.lio's ' got a devil of a' temper. You, can sco it.inbis face." -. , . . ' , ...i i,| "It is a slmmo ;for, a mznihkohim.to bo disgraced by that woman," said a young 'fellow.-- - 44 Disgraced I" cried .an Diqbpinn, with a face like a full moon. ' 1,1 HHnre'nnd didn't she kapo him from shtsrving? Node iv your disgrace, my Hash follow.": ; /, -;r 44 Ho'll bo tho death of her yot," Said a man in tho crowd. "It'B only: last week ho.was -up at the court for beating her next to death's door." ' Such wero tho scenes of tho early digging times. Borne may cavil with us for repro ducing them; but it is false philosophy to bo eternally whitening the sepulchre. Itisa necessity- for 'the dovelopiricnt of this story that wo should depict -such scones. ' It' is a necessity if wo aro to bo truo historians of the past and tho present — tho' one growing- out of the other. Wo havo to take tho world' as wo, find it, not as wo would wisli'lt wero. ' ' ' CHAliTER.il. . -I, ,At the time this sceno was taking placo. on Gritty Flat, Janet's only son was taking : bin siesta, and enjoying tho dolcc far nicutc on one of the ampnitheatricol hills tliat 'lookon .clown upon tho vaUoy ot .Grit, under the thin shade of an aged'eucalypti which liad escaped tho ravages .of the diggers because it grew on ,the sunimit. and wa« left ns a lsnaninrk hence thd 'eminehep' waR called One Tree Hill. Ho was a irathef pioturesnuoi lad, just emerging from, early boyhood, but yet some removes frqm a mah.' 'To.cjreas he made no particular, pretence/ and had no right to. An old Calv. fornidh hat/ fmly cntitlecl to bo called a, von .tilator, covered iris' liead. o'r rather ,tno t)soK , of : ifc„ for it was ' the faehioh. of theso, tmicfl to wear tlio llat on' tho fcackf tho head. . HW. clothecrd ofja most, miscellaneous descnp-- tion. ' tho ' coat whs many size's top small,, the trhusew JaiigOfptibugh for ,i>r Dutcliman, and the wHolb cp.vered' witli yellow clay. His was rather', H( iiairdspme'facc, as far as could bo.judged through' tho luHll'that adhered to it. TJio features were, pcrhnps; a triflo sauoy and bold ? but tho pleasant good humor pervading 'tucm, tlio roguisn iwiiiniu ui HI« , ui sweet smile upon his lips hiado him a lovcnmo lad— ono no persofi could dislike. Easy good nature seemed his characteristic; wftJJ an. easy, dovil-mdy-caTc,. liappy-go-hickj looK about him that, told ihifehtily m his fayo|. His fbrm, too, dttraoted attention. What is plcasdnter than tofcike on the human nHul"c' when it has bcguii' to' develop and fill out into tho rounded 1 butllhofc of youth? And Jack s limbs1 wijrd,'lWglririin,g,to fill| out ; and wcl formed thoy were, though no ingenious taiio had helped to display' them, On tho whole, howevcri rough though hia dppearance. no girl budding Into' woihanhood, could ,nn>p passed him without ciiatlng upon him an ap proving glance, were she possessed 01 any taste at aU. . > ' , Tlioro was nlso anotherifaot apparent when' ono looked at Jack | ho was very'lasv, lh very pos6 of his limbs demonstrated tlmt :ought, by , .rights, to have been pegging W' Avitli a pick in . ono of , the lnnumcmblo bur- rows on i the hideous .flat beneath him. , vdint wop. tho good qf work on sueh a hot uay as th;s? . Was jt not to Alt l10'0 under .tlio Bhado of a grct- trpo, in 0 W than to wy dp.tberoj Jo c|idn't ppfo muph abput goidt It ho got hi nicals pnu. a sliilling pr, tivo to sjiejid on tl triflosi ho dear to1 hoyhpqd: ho, was "Ppy. would ho time onough to work .when Jio gro\ 1 big. Ho had! to grow, ho.nrgued» and lwra "work didn't agreo with growing boys. - j (ilJYet ho, felt ,sonip.;Mttlo. compunction for. ;being so idle. Ho knew his mother, Janet—!- Jilrs. Mcldon, otherwise. Mrs, MacinniB, alas! —was Blavihg away ' atf tho wash-tub to keep the pot, boiling. , Tlio.young.fellqw'B Jieart , woH touclied when lie thought of that, and he iiUmoHt .raised Jiimsclf; from his comfortable P0b6. Wiser counsels prevailed, however, and arguing tliat when the void' weather came lio Would tako a horso and makO'a pile,' lio fell .comfortably to' sloepl It' was very pleasant. Even tho mosquitos had gone to Bleep. Why should 'lie 'not rc6t 'wliilo ' these tormentors, wero torpid? , So ho plept thq happy sleep of boyhood. ' " ' " : i , ! CHATTER III. ( ,t ' Some years '.before our story opens the great golaiicld of Grit was undiscovered. Tlie Muddy stream that was now. dammed up in yellow waterholcs, at tliat tinie flowed gently over its . sandstone bed— that is in. winter. Tho wattlQ and the guoi-trces grew luxuriantly Around; tho herbage clothed the banks, while innumerable flowers- covered the meadows or crimsoned tho sterile ranges. Tho sun rose ,dnd tho mpi bet on the same Recti c clay nftoi1 day. A little abovo where tho township of Grit rose rtbW, a mmple hut lind been built, 'by tho.squatter, who leased tho block of ,coun- tnr; and 'there ho' placed a man who was lujown by tho name of Bunakum, bccauso ho 'had a flux of words, but his real namowas Middoq. With Bunacum had conio his wife, a plcakdnt, good creature, who acted as house keeper, and who was then, of all women, tho mildest and tho sweetest. With her was tho 'Boy Jack, BanacumV son, a littlu younger than when wo made his acquaintance, but in character tho same! BunocUm herded a flock on the south side of Gritty Gully, Jack a flock on th'o north ride. Jack's run was tho best ; tlicro wcra n fmv nlalmt tinnn it. nnd tho dingos Were less plentiful, for theso astute animals preferred . Bpnacum'n - run, where there were wooded ranges, caverns, and places 6f concealment, from whenco thoy could issue and attack tho flock. To Jack was also given a flock of wethers, easy-going creatures like himself. But to Bunacum was accorded a flock of querulous, il-tcmpcrcd owes, wliich were never satisfied with their feed; but ran 'hither and ; thither, and separated into little fotaging bands; thus presenting nn opportu nity for tho enemy to attack. ' Jock, " there-' fore, had a glorious life, especially as he hap pened to gdt a dag which perfectly understood his mtwter's ways. Hehadpicked him uii in this way:" Coming' across a dray that had como up from Melbourne, he found tlio bul- lock-dr&v;'cr about to drown a litter' of pups, to which bis slut hod given birth while he ivni8 in camp. Jock was struck with tho dp- -pearqpeq. of a little black . and yrhito puppy, and asked tho bullock-driver ! to. givo it him. This pup,, ho reared up with all tho fondness A, poor lonely littlo boy must feel for. a dog or riny other: animal thatishis own; and Bpot 'folly repaid his master. ' 1 'Bpot could do 1 every thing but speak, arid oven that he attempted. Ho know, what Jock. wanted1 without 'being' told/ r Hi Jack weni.tci sleep, often the case, Bpot,.watjcncd. tho, flock, and kept' them close to the place where Jack , lay— occupying his timo in -running backward and forward. Even tho starting of a kanga roo-rat, .onticing though itiiWas, would' not ihe dingo jadios, haying minister, intentions towards thb pet wethers/ tried their blamlish-- meats on . Spot.; ; But he was proof against aU< Ho was a faithful fellow, and loved only 'bho creature in tho world— his 1 master.1 Jack' ha'd several pots a magpie, whioli was pro-, iernaturally a'lite/'and a'kangarbo reit whicli 'regulprly ( amused him in tho evening, 'washed its whiskers; but Spot Was tho favor- 'ite.' ..4;» i. , Wo r/VYhat is more touching thai - tho portect love pf/,a flog? .The mani who! does not feel; hib .heart warm towards his dog.canhot be good. - AVlien friends : and loved ones forsnko whbn fortune vanishes, there ia still onb'crtia- ture that.iwll: bo faithfulj. that, will follow, 'though you bnvo nothing to give, that will wteh'faithfully over your dead' corpse; and . that creature is your dog. Away from honio/ Spotiho 'Bheep. and'naturc. Jdclc was jdwavsiiappy. Wandering amongst the'vnles , and. hills, 'ktUdyihg the flowers, wondering about their mysteriprf; or .sleeping in the shade ot the trees/ his was a lifo of quict'content that know no cloud. ..True, it was a life that mado ono very lazy/ but thon it <was vory happy.,, .Only-- when hp camo homo did the .elmdowB fall upon him/ > ' Thortrhewas'Sure to find a bad-tempered, father, who continually complained of being' shut up in .tho wilderness, twhereas his proper /placo was tho big- city, tho Bonato, tho bar. iVhy hadlho over married? ' If ifc wcre hot jfor Janet and this boy ho would how ho a dis tinguished; 'total.' ' Over 'and' over Jaak was .told in . the presence of his. mother that sho iwqs ignorant and low; whereas tlie fqthpr, -kod the .greatest „o mindBvNyhiqjij.hqd been, condemned to obsourity by the cunjunotion. Poor woman, , she boro aUthis; very-welly (and- uess.,10 mane (tno little hut pleaBanti boiled tho salt' junk well; baked 'excellent damper, tidied up the, few things, and even' attempted A littlo garden1 to " kitclien " 'to tho .salt beef.' Bflt tflo'soUl bf'Bundcum 'was not' to be comforted- Ho felt it a duty td sacriUce somo.ono td hislostfatoo; and' Janet was tho' victim. At times, indeed, tho poor :creature' was aroused1, rtnfl: thfen folloived scenes that' dwturlMd tho happy cuiyont of . Japk's, lifo/' ylien tho batilo between ' them began, Jack would ron qut.qaU SpoJ, and, dart AWayV- into tno_ thick 'Wooqs, (to rhunt 'possums. It .was an ovilniglit for these littlo fellows when Janet and'Bunucum quartelledwM . » ? «ir . Thcro was ono mode, however, of pneifying- BunaounljiaridKJnhdt. often' adopted it. -'She was sometimes able to soil a fow 'cabbages and eggs/ at1 a good figure; td the bullook dnvora ;Who went up and down tho road, if tho dusty triuflc could bd so ''called ; ; and Vith the 'few shiUings so .obtacd rii9.,>Y0.ul;l-huy,ft bottlo rum. Wb.cn Bunacum camo homo in .the evening, .with a disposition to fight everything, frem Janet to tho gum trees, sho would pro-J diico tlus pdace-oflcringand tlic faco of Bun»- acum softened into lines of peace— ho would oven kiss her and, caress Jack. , Thon would he. tho mmhtv man. and indulge -in-libAtion after libation,-' tcfiinK!' at the same timo, stories of what ho had dono and what ho had not doribitho latter pre-" dominating— and entering into speculations is , to what ha would havd done liad ho thb opportunity; .. Ha wuld insist on Janqt and Jack partaking and so ho laid th'o foundation oi tho evil whieli camo therealjon As the hut was not far oft tho raid, s'tran- gera solnoUmcscaliedi and were very wclcoinei- for, in a lone spot like tins a now, faco was Paradise, Bunacnra thon would bd1 in liis clement And ho would of ton "send Jkhet oil o. Shepherd tho flook, sb thnt 'hq' might l,a,vo ,|hq, $$ ind disbuss liohtics to liis hcart's content. If t),o atrangdr' had a fl-Ask- of spirits— and everyono carricd ono ;n those days— so much tho bettor. , Ono day a stranger cafte— a- young man. No onoiwas at horao.but Jonet. Hostavod aU day, and thq.t\vo .conversed , long together. That young man was Hector" Macinnk Ho had corno to Melbourne somor.timo hqforo from Scqtland, -apd had, hecn. pitied. by tho , proprtqtora of ono of thq psjvirs in. that.thon very spjall inelropohs. wliQ.had; sent, him, on 4 tour to report 9n tjio various districts. .- How: kipd. Janoti.was. to him ; . how her tonderness won unorv : thiayoung man who had not mqt .witfi. a IqolinS heartSro hS: camo to tlio provincqr-for. Victoria was not a colony then, . ; . , ,, And that.dny hobegan that, fatal; lave that, vvrotighfc such fatal coiiBcqucnccs. . Hector had a flask, of brandy; and so ho was received with opeq Sarins by Bunakum. Ho was good to Jack, who listened awcstrickcn to tho sujwrior conversation of this man. But lie was a politician, and that was balm to Bunncum. Long after Jack and his mother had retired, the two sat up discussing matters, and draining tho flnsk.' . , He stayed several days there., Poor Janet ! Littlo she know tlio dangerous serpent that . was wreathing itself around her heart while ' this stranger conversed alono with her, when Jack and Bunacum had departed to herd their flocks' in tho. silent bush. When ho wont tlicro was a void in their hearts. Janet was greatly troubled/ 'This, man had made an impression which sunk deeper nnd deeper into her soul until it bore fruit of sin and sorrow. How tho poor thing loved her son I How, when Bunacum had vented all tho arrowH of his scorpion temper upon lier, sho would fold the boy to her heart, and, weeping liberally, would tell him that he was her only hope, her sole comfort. And so time went on. Bunakum and Jack wandered day after day over thc.expanso of Grit, never thinking of the millions and mil lions in gold tliat lay beneath their feet. Tlicy saw the huge quartz masses tliat roso up from the liills. Never dreaming of , the un told wealth they concealed. Jack even played in tho gully after the rains had been licavy, and saw glittering yellow specs lying there, but never heeded them. Poor boy I ho liad never seen gold. . And ho would have been happier if it had been his lot not to sco it. But A change speedily came. Gold was found at Bathurst, at Dallnrat; and wild reports of tlie new El Dorados ckrao oven to tins sequestered spot. Bunakum talked of giving up shepherding, nnd seeking his for- tuno; but, having no money, his resolves cmuo io noiuing. About seven miles away from Bunakum's hut there was that of another shepherd, Bill White. Bill had a wife and daughter— a little girl, who, though only a child, had to herd a flock of sheep. Jack 'first made her acquaintance ono hot day, when tlicir sheep got boxed— the techni cal term for tha flocks mixing together. Jack liad been asleep and so had Bertha, ant the sheep, seeing one another, Imd run together, notwithstanding all the efforts of Spot, who barked and rah about like a demented dog. Latey, Bcrtlm's dog, had also tried to keep her sheep back; but, failing in this, she nought a quarrel with Hnot, that creature being, in bcr mind, responsible for all tho damage. Bpot, however, took littlo notico of Lossy/ but ran off to his tnnster, whom he soon awoke. ' Jack's first idea was to find tho shepherd of the other flock, nnd givo him a thrashing— that is, if ho wero able. When he came; however, upon littlo Bertha, crying as if inconsolable, with Lassy sitting on lier hind legs, and' setting up an unearthly hqwl, all his anger vanished. . " Oh 1 I shall bo beat to death," cried Bertha. ""Father and mother will kill mo." " Don't be frightoridd, little girl, 7 said Jack, hopefully; M wo'll draft them."' -Jack had used the words littlo girl, advisedly. Ho looked upon ;himsclf >as a man. Even in . lier sorrow, Bertha objeoted to bo ' called a littlo girl, especially as her monitor wad not such a giant himself.. .However, sho was grateful for his kind jwords, and. went to help . him. 'Tlie fl.qck# ,wcro hopeWply, mixed, how ever, and were, baaing, away, in a stylo, tliat 'beat Bab'e,. tho sheep running, hither iand thither to find, their companions. . Here and there' boxing matclics . .wore going on between opposing squadrons. Jack, forming a platoon of his flock by themselves,, separated them from the rest, and got Bertha and the dogs to ;stand. between ;..o that- grnduaUy the sheep . , bepari.' /to, seek theii; , mates. But it was very hot work; apd .at one time Jack entertained littlo hopes .'(pf effectually, separating tho two flocks. ' ,,, "/ j. , He was running about after fugitives, perspiring a.rjvcr, whicn a loud voice shouted, V Hollpd/ what'B(/U4s?" : / ' Jack turned, and behcld three men, and a boy about .his own- ago, carrying swags. They had also tilings' that he had never seen before— tin dishes and piak8.;l! " Our flocks got boxeu,". said Jack, simply. ; MOhl". said., ono/ "of .tho strangers, an embrowned, .lmndsomo youth. , I 'Bpect you two were courting,; and , lot your .flocks get mixed/ up. 'However, what do you Bay if we, givo theso children Boimo holp, and get them out of a sbrape. Depend/upon it, they'll gat .into hot-water if they go .homo with their. sheep boxed; . at '.al.; events, thoy'll get their ears boxetl." . And . so thoy . ought," said, tho boy ; a lanky, thin-faced fellow, who certainly did not seem. the most amiable of mortals.., . " Shut. up', Obndiiili " said the. young man. " Come on, boys, let's. help tliem." v And with the help .of ; tlio. now auxilarics, tho two flocks were soon . separated, which was tlio easier bccauso oho waa wethers, tlio other.mvcs. Jack cot his iloalt in ordor. and. , getting them near, a large.faUch-irqc, he made them' pass before him f dnd. counted them. The number was right-C50. Jack tliankcd the men, particularly tho good-natured youth who had. first, suggested help. . As for tho , hoy, Obadiah, ho had ,stood byo tormenting ;Bcrtha, and tolling her tjhat if elio had been ,d good girl this would dot liavo occurred. ;Jaok folt a strong inclination to punah liis. head.'? / . i'.j . After this was over, tho young man who had aBsistc'd Jack began to., question liim /about 'thb country, ahd asked: if he had scon any gold. hereabouts/. To this Jack replied that ho bad heard .of gold, biii had, never seen , it.- ; _ i?'? Thoydungfellow drcwq sliinning sovereign out of liis pocket, and showed it to Jack and iBcrtlia. ',.? ' . iVhy, I'vq seen some, sand in ; tho creek, diko tliat,",said Bertha; who,, (tressed in a; little 'print/frock/ .with an unearthly. I09H ing hood, mado of white calico, with.pord run through: to Btiffch it, stood by, quite a' little guy in the visitors', eyes. ' . - M So havo I," said Jaok. - ; ..J1 Whcreaboute?" exclaimed the party, now all interest; , ' -- - . t , Jack tliought- it only right to sliow theso good Btrdhgcre! tho place ; and, telling Bpot to ; M hoot 1 'em up," that . sagacioua . canine individual drove tho flook down to the, river,, where 'Jack showed', tlio men a littlo holo where tlio water flowed over the, sandstone . ro'dk. ' '« . ' ' The youri' man took a shovelful of the drift, nnd carefully washed it in tho tin dish, whito all Btood by watching. A fow minutes, imd about half an ounce of beautiful yellpw sand, a Borthd called it, lay at tlio bottom of ,thb dish, set off by sonic black stuff— emery, pcoplonnmcd itthen; but it was black sand, -tho oid of .tin— pcriidps iridium. . , . ' , « Thcy.held'their breath. . » Found I" Aaid tho young man, drawing a deep hijjh. "Emily, Emily, wo shall.be 'pitch .our tent at once, .and mark out a claim, "/said tlio elder of tho party, Obadmh's father. 1 "As for yoUj.children, you had 'betr go' and mind your flocks, or they'll get. boxed again." , , . " « Where do ydh live?" osk«t tha', young man, . ' 't ' - |4 Up flio crook a bit," said Jack. .- , ,i . V Well, good-bye, my Uoy," said: tho young fellow, i very, kindly,' and shook. Jack a hand. (7,i.wontforgotyqu.'.'j. u-. - ">'a : V; And. iBertha and Jaok went back'/to tho1 hills, Wondering ip their simplo minda'as to .what tlib men,- woro about. Bertha 'innted some fltrango things; .but' Jiaok'set her doivn as ignorant, and gavo his word that tho men were digging.' Ho had' heard of it before/ho said, and he know something, while Bertha . knew nothing. 1 u . . A pleasant evening thoy /spent/ - sitting under the shade of the tree under 'which wo left Jack sleeping, while the' flocks fed' at a safe distanco from each' other/kept in' drdcr by Spot and Lassy, who, howover, found time to interchange compliments— canine fashion. Bertha 'thought Jaak such a nico boy, and Jack thought- Bertha a pretty little girl. Innocence so soon to pass away' Tliat day week, a great cnango camo oyer Grit. Although William Brown (such was tho'nnmo of the young man who separated Jack's and Bertha's flocks) and his mates had tried to keep the discovery quiet, the news spread like wildfire. Many of tho otner goldficlds then discovered were overstocked, and tho moment the new rush wcb tho cry, there came from tho cast and from the west, from tho south and from the north, thousands and thousands to try their fortunes. The rich yields of tho first claims spread the news over tho whole of Australia. Ship after ship was coming to the shores of Victoria, and their passengers rushed liko madmen to Grit. Shepherds let their flocks wander unhcrded, a prey to the dingo; squatters sprang into the saddle and galloped away from their homesteads; farmers throw, aside their ploughs ; carpenters discarded the chisel, and, with eager desire, all made for tho new Eldorado. Tlie roads were crowded with wayfarers. Not a sun roso but it beheld a new array of tents. No magician ever created so sudden a change. Tho 'possums, tho kangaroos, and tho blackfdlows fled before tlie tide; the flowers and tho grass died away; the trees began to vanish like mist; the littlo stream changed from blue to a dirty yellow. In less than a month ono hundred uiuunuim iiuiuan uciiik" were congrcKnw.ni uu Gritty Flak; anil, wliero tho blackfellow had hold his corroborcc by tho lights ol blazing fires, European civilisation was to bo seen. Talk ot magicians of old i they aro fools to that groat magician — gold. It could not bo expected that Bunakum nnd White would- resist all this. Thoy wero amongst tlic first to throw up their situations and rush to tho field. In less than a fortnight Jack and Bertha exchanged their quiet huts to tents on Gritty Flat, their flocks for tha mining cradie.- Botli wero scared at first at tho -sudden change, whicli it took some timo for their, intellects to comprehend. Lossy and Spot, also, were quite Bewildered for a time,. and much troubled in tlicir simple minds about the innunicrabta number of curs the new people had brought with them; but they# too, soon became accustomed to tho great change. > ' By tliroo months, tho quiet pastoral scene we have pictured ceased to be, and ono who liad seen Gritty Flat - then would never havo known it now, - But this was not tho only change. . ' CHAPTER IV. " ' It would havo been an easy matter. (for, Bunakum tq make, his; fortune ,nawi . .Beforo him lay many. an. unturned acre of nature's, domqin, beneath whieh tho glittering ore, lay. wimmg wj u(j uneqrtnca. jiiuiiunuKum pre-, fc'rrcd to let it rest' there, or, tq; allow, ethers to: rehmso .it. Noblo soul 1. why. should; he be condemned to grub in tho, bowels of tho earth, when .his.' mind soared, so far above the gro, felling natures that surrounded him ? . Theso enrth-grubbers had no braiqe, and thoy should esteem it on honor to support a man of mind. Therefore,, so. long' sB enthusiastic, (diggers bowed down at hia eloquence,' IiberaUy Bhouted for liiin, and. lent half-sovereigns qtoasionolly, why should ho swelter, in tho, sunbeam, -em brown his'foco; aqd harden hi&hauds;? .Perish tho thought !" Ho.iwqs made to command, not: to work. So he became a I pater and agitator,, and n mighty man of words. ' In theso ,tuncs, a publio' meeting wrap one of the principal amusements of tha diggers ; .and, this amusement Bunakum xvas over ready to provide. , pid a man lose hie claim, or ilifjhe think himself in any wise aggrieved, he went straight to Riindkuin, '.and instohter the Bqlj-, man was sent round, and en indignation meeting held ; whereat, moqnted on q stump or barrel, Bunakum poured forth a torrent of language which neither himself nor his'' heaters olearly linderatobd.'ohd1 whioh'was, therefore, looked upon, as a masterly effort of elocution. Tlio diggers wanted' a 'snouter; as ' Uiojthiid neither time nor ability ltt that iinoiand in' Bunkunij thoy had 'the/right man. A great publio pratoZ must have an- enemy;' therefore' Bunakum conjured ono up in' the Contoris-. sioncr, d haiighty official, who was' ever mado tlio beginning dnd'tho end of his attacks. 'In glowing1 laiiguege would Buhakninidopiefc tho luxurious life that fell tyrant led, while others wore Hlaving; away th'oir lives to' keep in etato a despot. ''. .'Of course, Bunkum ribvef thought of him self, except as a horny-handed son'of toil. ' To' juugo> by his speeches, . ho was the hardest working man; on the diggings— m perfeot slavo. ' Janet found that unlcsq shs Adopte-'Some1 means of shpport, hiirself and fe' son' would' starve in this goldon gully , for,Bupakurii never brought any; m6ndy:Hdriio.'" Indeed 'lie very", seldom visited tho Uttle tent so-called; unless1 ho was "stumped." He warn confirmed' diner out, gbnerally', managing to mnko a call, . on. politioql business, at 'some 'tent wliteh hq know to bo well provided, giving in 'ciobopgo for his; meal somo homUy on -patriotism; working his entertaiherk' up to agony point' at 1 tho close,' About' that " damned desnot;": who','.' Bunakum assured his' hearers, was thirsting! 'for his'blOod;" 11 Men ot Grit," ho would 'aay-; '44 if yoii find my body ot' tho. bottom of a shaft one day;- pierced with ballots, bnry mo; I beg. of you tbhurymo beneath tho Camp Hill (the cemetery had beon.hxetl'tllere); that my grave may over bo a reproach to toy inurderer— that it may remind you; hoblo' mihera' of ' Grit; of the earnest man, wild did'so much for'your cause." Tllcn-ho wouhl begih to ehrat toers,'' and, would not ho consoled until' the brandy bdttio'was brought forth;' , ' ', Janet" at' first- tried to earn 4 little' by oradlihg tho' tallihgs. wlth' Jack's assistance ; UUkt MiU DUI1 UjlUVtCU IICI JlCUUt ,OJAU turned , to tho inovitablo rcsoureo of lovely" wohian, tlio waelitub Woshitie wan high, and soon, by moans ot'hbr tub/ she managed' to livo pretty comfortably ;' in coiiscqucndo of whioh, Bunakum stayed' at homo for difiner oCtcncr. But Janet could ' not mcplain how it was that sho had begun to almost hate. her husband. Sho was a sitoplo- hoATtod creature, this woman, and sho strovo to keep down her dislike, bccauso she thought it her duty/ "Still it grow and grow/ and was 1 added tb tyf every insult; and tfiby were many which Bunakum heaped upon her. " Sho could not keep down' tho thought that tliis man was a mean, low; dirty loafer, and so aho giow to bate him/ ' There was. only ono aspect in whiohysho would tolerate him — as tho fatherot her dear, dear Jaok; i ' |'1 " ' "Mother," Jack would say, as they satf 'at' tho tent door of an ovening, watchiiip .tUo1 moon riso in all her glory over tho hills :oP 'Grit, " I'll work for you as soon as Pm strong '; and you'll not havo to 'slavo/attho washtub on these terribly hot days;1? ' ' And mother and son wdnld kiss and'oaress. Ah I that was thb happiest titoo for them.' ' ' 1 A mother's love ! Unscarahablo/ unfdlhom- oblo— likfl unto nothing,' oxdcpt'tba love of Qod. -1, ' " ' \- A son's lovo for his inothort' Thb rnoBt beautiful' and holy lbvo in this world, except tbo lovo of a mother for her'son. ' ': Freo from all impurity; ireni all selfishness that clogs other. affections; theso resemble tho lovo Of the Almighty Father, who- sent i His only Son to die for us. , Bertha and Jack saw each other vory often now ; indeed; they wore playfellows every day Both of them felt.a void in their existence. Thoy bad.nothing to do. .Alter all, it woa a pleasure for them to herd tho sheep. It was fine to open tho i hurdled in the morning, call ttip flog,' and follow the sheep out over tho grassy, .wooded hills, where tho wild flowers grow, thq birds sang, tho cicadas terccd, tcrccd, and tho .winds whispered mysteriously through the : bronchos pf ; tho gum ' trees, where adven tures with lizards, and snakes, and 'possums, with r tho occasional discovery of a wild bees' nest, bro&o; tho 'monotony.. Then tlio effect of the abrupt change from a quiet lifo to this 'great bqstlo, mado tho children for a while shrink into; themselves, and feel utterly at a loss. As for Spot and Larry, a deep molan- choly;fcU upon. thorn Spot, spent fully a month trying to oomprehond how he could ; livo without herding sheep, and then gave It op. Ho had nothing to do except pique with tno innumerable, strango ours that found their way to Grit every day ; . and that in timo grow monotonous. Indeed, ho become a sad dog; ho felt as if ho wore not wanted, as if ho had no business in this world. Tho only times his faco lighted up with a canino smile was when a flock of sheep was driven post tho gully, when he woald erect his tail, and, givo emission to a fow joyful liorks, eying his master anxiously for tho words of command--: "Holl 'cm," "Round 'cm up, boy," do., and then, when thoy had passed without theso words being "uttered, ho would fall into hU old moping ways. When Jack at last went to work, for, young as ho was, ho did not want to live upon his mother, 8pot would lio at tho mouth , of tho hole, and reflect on his own utter uselcKsncsR. Lossy had many compunc tions on tho point at firstthut,making several acquaintances at tno outcncr a snop, sno gradually grew accustomed to tho now order of things, especially as sho used to wander about with her mistress, who found a pretence for socking tho quictudo of tho bush, in ford ing two rather ooute goats lier father kept, animals which Lassy plainly despised. A fow months after tho goldficld of Grit was discovered. Hector MacinnU again appeared upon tho sceno. He had a very pleasant smile— when ho liked to smile, which was 'seldom. Ho was not ill-made, and there was a peculiar way about him, that to soma had an irreflistiblo chnrnn Now, Janet was not much above Hector's owif age, and sho was very handsome then; sho had no company when Jaok was away, except tho tubs and tho flat irons — good things in their way, but apt to become dulL .Our Lord, who so thoroughly understood tho weak points of bur nature, put into His universal prayer tho sentence, " Lead us not Into temptation," and since His advent, thoj wonderful wisdom of that1 petition has hecn /-continually demonstrated, although human moths will still, try . tho feat of flying around thc flamo. - Thip was what Hoctor and Janet were doing It was rather an undesir-' able experiment , Somehow Janet began to 'feel vory.ldnU when Hoctor was absent, and people fotind her to'bo very cross then.- Sho was never jiff -better temper than when she had putibyhor.work, tidied horscH up, lit tho lamp m'the .little "parte '"of ;tho tent, whioh was 'quite: a model: of neatness, having a sofa and chairs -covered with-ehintx — a great novolty on tho diggingerr-set iho tea table, and mado everything snug ior.ithe night t Hcotpr. and Jack would . then como . homo, and they would have , tea ; : and how pleasant would bo tho chat, how delightfully iho. even ing ' would pass' away; 'Hector, reading or writing, and .Janet. ironing or,. mending, tho olothesof her unsbphistioatod customers. Of course(>>Jabk .wont; out .after:. tea, .'possum- huntingjor playing .with other boys or Bertha It was strange, how- plcased: Janet would bo when Hector would look, up, and givo -her that Bmile.whidh was so .peculiarly bis, and give up reading for a while . to converse with her.,: As for Bunakum; ho was -always' away drinking and speechifying. - Janet, nover thought .of mentioning: money matters; she was.getting along pretty- well, and aitcr aUt >no -doubt, Hector, would pay her- back when matters went; better with him, If this pleasant intercourse wore at all marred- or- clouded,1! t was bytho conclusion .whioh , occasionally4' forced . itself on her mind, that Hector was vastly; superior , to' her; that hq was hotter- educated, and had' moved in ,(to her) good sooiety ; while she, poor girh hsd'iioverbcen in a hotter furnished room than . her . own / little . parlor.' ; But :ithen, . why banish the gleam of sunBliine ? Sho' was happy, ' ,in hissociety , that was all, and no more would como ofit. : Ah! trust not tho human heart, ; so desperately treacherous. How, .did it come about at last? What need to, tell? . It was tho'slow,- steady work of days, and weoks,- and months — tho- ripple, ripplo-of the water: undermining .the roots of tho groat oak. \- Ncithqr wore to blame, oxocpt in not flyinj from , each . other when thoy folt ' tho firs tightening of tho chain; that was to drag them to perdition, ..- H,er mind gradually lost .itn 'hftlannfl. nnd likintF. .frifmrlRhitv war jtoilowed . by- ;- deep, 1 passion ate, . irresistiblo, overwhelming; lovo, ... -She fell a. willing sacri fice- - Ho did. not, lovo. her, at least in the mad ,yvay in whioh sho loved .Win ; but who; at his age, can; .resist temptation when , ho sees ho fras brpught to hia feota lovely. woman? Yet, )it -must bo confessed, he felt qualms, Btrong .qualms Ho felt, ; he know; ithat this, must .end in somothing dreadful, .that -ho would have to thrust, thia loving,. woman. away. from him into outer darkness ; that: by. this act ho -Wpuldrtdegrading himself, and- ;that it Would bo, g stigma on his name for over-r-that nainoi. whioh ho intended to,.bo so ; brilliant. But lovo and beauty worq before him. Youtliful passions wore , strong, and— ?why write -tho rest? ;Jt is Ofi old, old;story. ;i . - 1.,;:» t Wo pfltyjj oyer tlio, guilty Hfo of tho pair folr- somo , timo aftenvards. During tho greatest part of , that time. tho( mighty, Heotor was supported) i by, Janqt . ; Only I latterly had ho ,been again ucngagcd by the newspaper. Still \- that man. had» al|udst immediately alter hia tal, began to foci disgust,' pot only at Janet,: but ati,, himself/ How, his proud spirit gnawed his heart as ho took; day by day, tho breadnoccssary to his sustcnance from tho .hands' of .Iiu: he had so -wronged. i-'i Succors .bad resolved him to break thq tics that bound himc to this womam - Ho hated her more and more every day, and this/ she .was not long in iiibtioing Wdmen are very quiok in this ; they soon-find whether tho firo ,of love burns or has died but to cold ashes. ! Now there' had recently1/ in compliance with tho 'in creasing civilization of Grit, bceh established A? very well go np hotel at a bustling, born'drf nnd, over tho destinies of tho ; neatly>furniahcd ' bar/ there presided a -lady nowly arrived froth! tho " Land o' Uto Lcdl," bv;name, Miss Prodenco: Maornatb. "Her charms were a triflo heightened by tho Adven titious aid of art j and' she hbd cohio to Gritty Gully tomako her fortune in'thqmatrimonial market;'/' f : v' Sho >yas resbiv not ohiy to plcaso her eye but alsb; lier 'pocket; and, aRhough a hand sbino young mttn; wcU to do, would bo he acme perfection iri Her own ppinion, yet( 'phe would not boAvekiso'to ati.old,or ugly' man if lio iilid thd 'solid , requfrqhiehte tqa mado up ? for, such disadvantagos , I'or- tunatolyj howover, sho voiy' catly 'oyes. upori Hector, and dt /offQp mado upnqrmmd tndt if 'caVen ha',9te(Y a man to. suit her, ho rWaa thV/ar!;, ' '"Hnvltig 'scUlGd this satlsfabltortly W hor own mtod/ahe at onco bogaiX' spch .an latlaclc upon' him" giving, him' tho prof crencq over numberless tadmircrs, that ho 'felt flattered at firet'ahd 'flHolly.-bbwcd' doym to too .bcautyj and ga himself ' up ah her slave. Tho lovo that ho ought to have v folt for poor Janet, who had sacrificed all to him, was given to this vain woman, who, in . living -him tho preference, merely gratified mrsclf. Unfortunate Janet t Quickly did she dis cover that 8ho had lost all for which she had terilled her welfare hero and hereafter. That io; for whom she had dono so much, hod ceased to lovo her — nay, hated her. / Sho saw - it in his looks, in his nnswent to her coresscR, . and then tho woman fell lower and lower/ and bccamo what wo found her at tho open ing. ' . , / Reader, remember that wo aro writing of ' real life, of everyday mortabi, and bear with, us if it seem -to you that wo liavo wandered , out of our domain. It will be asked, " What hod becomo of . Bunakum all tliin timo?". Well, that worthy found in tho infidelity of his wife a new cause for sympathy; anew. , claim on tho contributions of tho miners. When liowas turned out of Janet's house — how she loathed the man — he at onco nought his friends at the bar, and shod copious floods 1 of tears, wliich tho diggers hastened to awmago with draughts of alcohol. Ho'.., bcsocchcd them to bury him at once, as his honor could not stand this last insult, which ho felt convinced had been brought about by tho commissioner, whoso friend ho know Hector to be. Ho clutched a brandy bottle, , wildly, and cried out for a sword that ho might Rtnb to tho heart this serpent which ho nurtured in his bosom, only to turn and sting him. Had not this man lived upon him? had he not been kept from starvation by - him (Bunakum)? Was thcro justice in this land ? No ! tho dcsTK>t of the camp decreed that liberty should bo bound in chains, and wrong triumph over right. Ho hated him (Bunakum), and this woa his revenge. But they, tho noble-licartcd umiura oi uni, wouia see mm ngmea; mcy would lay him in his grove, nnd then destroy tho monster who had killed him. To all this the diggers listened, the mora ignorant sympathising, iho intelligent highly enter tained. Indeed, all o! them enjoyed tho thing amazingly. It was tha talk of Grit for days, although nuch affairs were nothing tmuiiual then. Tho capital Bunaknm mado out of this, tho half-ROVcrcignB nnd sovereigns bo collected, tho innumerable cheap drinks ho obtained, and tho general sympathy fully mado up for all. Indeed, ro well did ho thrivo upon it, and bo accommodating woa his disposition, that, ere long, ho became quite reconciled to Hector, and, as wo havo neon, hod spoken at tho samo meeting with him. Jack had been brought np in such a poor '' way that ho was not nblo to understand tbo full meaning of what had occurred. He did disliko Hector, and. ho ccrtainly'had very littlo filial feeling, so tlio affair passed off . amicably enough with him. Ho didn't see much difference. But latterly ho had noticed, young as ho . was, that a great sorrow troubled bis mother. . It pained him to sco that, in a very flhort spnco.of timo, sho had gono astray, and . from a steady, industrious woman, had . becomo fond of drink. ; : Then, from timo to timo, Heotor and Janet quarrelled. Jack /did not think so muoh -of this, he was accustomed to it; but ho did - resolve never to marry, as ho camo to tho' conclusion that cveiy husband and wifo. uvea1 a lifo of internooiiio warfare. Bertha was a " good : girl, .and Jack liked her, but ho folt : >rctty euro if, when thoy grow big, he married . . lor, everything would be changed. 1 Yet; . ignorant as Jaak was; ho was greatly troubled/ about' his mother.' :Ho felt so sorry to sea : her; sinking to. tbo level, bf so many other womenon tho diggings; Poor fellow! Ho : : know nothing' of tho deep despair that had , changed her. ? , ' v.. CHAPTER V. Tho low rumbling of distant thunder Woko - Jaok from tho pleasant sleep in whioh ho had : 4 > indulged. /Ho .roso imd rubbed his eyes. : ' How greatly hod tho sceno changed sinco ho < . liad gono to sleep in thb afternoon. From . thojeast a small cloud had arisen, fleecy - white. It roso a little, above tho horizon, and : there remained liko a snowy flcoco of wool . rollpd up. Then gradually, others liko unto it. roso from . mysterious depths, until ' tho > whole eastern horizon was covered with them; - - Still the sun shot its torrid beams on to tbo . earth, still tho, dazzling mirage, as it is. called, ' rose np like a quivering' colorless flqmo from-- tho earth. . But in tho west, in the north, and , - in tho south, clouds began to rise liko tho ghosts of Banquo and his followers. Not white, downy clonds, such as had onsen in the cast, but dark, portentous vapors, fringed; < ' it /is truo, with: silver. With- a slow, steady motion thoy began to ascend, tlirowing out streamers that soon throw th'eitisolucs acroks tho : faco of tho heavens, and, cro longv veiled thofaccof tho sun. Men blessed tliem, and- ' felt 'their .strength renewed. "But darkcrand' - .- blacker grow tho clouds as tho sun beoamo - -: more and more shaded, until at- last a largo v 1 blue cloud Bhuthim out altogether. Tho sky: ;' . then assumed a wild phantasmagortal appear- , . ance. The blueolouds faded into inky black; < - and hero and there whito soud; lflco the .r- phantoms in "Der Frieschutz," sailod past . on tho intensely black: back-ground. A distant muttering . was heard, which , mb- - men tarily. grew louder.. People said a great > - storm was coming, and agreed that it was. 1 < badly wanted. Preparations wore -mado m < Gritty .Gully to meet tlio tudi of water that -j ; >;. would .liurry down, and long toms, sluices, v . and tools were takon out of tho creek,' and ' - . shafts; wero carefully blooked around with4 earth. . ' 7 '.J&ok;'s rouI responded to (tho grandour.of 7 that terrible sky. The flash of tho sheet ' lightning in tho distance, the roll of .tbo < > thunder, the slow gathering of the. clouds. or of an army to battle, darkening tho atmosphere - < \yith a strange gloom, tho great signs of an . approaching elemental tragedy, the peculiar sound of tho wind— aU stirred in his. soul thoughts and ideas that ho could not wreak upon expression. . .His meditations wero broken by a loud' cry, - as of a girl in distress. Rising hastily, no- 1 took a fow steps down tha hill, and presently Buw.niu cnuBUi juiuio-uertna wins buukkiuiq -> with a boy, whom Jaok soon recognised as Obadiah. v Lossy stood.byin ft very distressed framo of hiind, wntcliing two goats, which were also . .somewhat nonplussed. A,quick run brought - Jack to tho Bpot in a moment. - : . . ; . > "What's this? ho oricd, angrily, oyoingi ,-, .Obadiah, who stood glaring at hun, an ugly : . Boowl provading his faco. ' V What iB it?" unid Obadiah, 44 What's that ; -< to yon? Bertha and I havo been quarrelling." ; " Ob, Jaok," cried Bertha, ohnging to him,; v. ; 44 I'm so glad you'vo como. Ho frightened mo tqdeath." ' Her face, in whioh torror had bocn vivnUy ,,. depicted when Jack arrived /began to wear a . .. joyfullook. .. . . 'i' ' "What nQUBchao," oricd Obadiah, sulkily,1 - although (trim his uncq'sy, movements, it was , 4 easy tq, sco ho would hnvo prefcrreij to bo n ' tq\V miles off. . " I only tried to kiss her, and the littlo foot began to ory." . : ! Jack's blood began to boil, and his faoa > ; became red as crimson, . ! : v ; "You iincftk," ho oricd, going np to Obadiah,. ,',4Ubw daro you frighten tlio, littlo girl? ' Wlio v.: ;, allowedyou to kisshor ?".; ' 'iV !'I did njysclf," said Obadiah, jauritity. j;,':..- ' , ' ; ' , : (To be continued.) ' ' :" : : ' " " SilB.Btoopa to qonquer," Csn this .rotor ,ta i : tho fond mother who bondi over her way- zgirdoy .! .! ; 1 with a numbor-tlyo slipper J ' 