at bee heect. By E. C. WnfiON. M.A. Written expressly for the Hamilton Spectator and. Western Aariadt-urUtA All Sights Reserved. CHAPTER XIV. — ( Continued .) And here at Leechamps, after fire years, oil the very day that he had first met Adele, the written witness of his former perfidy had risen up against him — bnt why to-day of all days ? Was it to warn him to desist from his present project 1 yes, most certainly ; and why should he not accept the omen ? why should he Bpe&k; of love to Adele I had he not been villain enough already ? He would try to forget her ; he would not return with Auguste ; the clerk .could surely come alone — he would go at once and beg M. Estelle to excuse him. And so, influenced 1 for the moment by the promptings of his better self, he rose from the rustic seat ; and was on the point of leaving the grotto, when he fonnd himself unexpect edly foce to face with his destiny — Addle stood before him ! — his fote was stronger than his resolution : he surrendered at once ; he accepted his future without a struggle 1 Addle started back on seeing the doc tor ; but he hastened to re-assure her, and apologised if his presence was an in trusion. Oh, no, Monsieur,' she replied, you are quite welcome to my fairy grotto — you will pardon my appearing startled, but I so Beldom see anyone in here. This is my favourite retreat when I visit Leschamps — is it not pretty, Monsieur?' t T «e KaanfiAil \Mlln __.il- td lSb-AfTlA cave of some enchantress — it is joBt the calm and quiet spot where one might come, and dream of days that are gone, days that can never return to us again.' You live then in the past, ML Dubois T asked Adele ; ' you think that the hap piest time of yoor life has fled, that yon have no fntnre. Bat yon are yonng, Monsieur— yon have energy, ambition ; yon should not live in dreamland.' ' Mdile., I have seen a ghost in this fairy cave to-day, a phantom of the years that are gone — years that bloomed, and faded, and died ; yean spent in the pur suit of vain and fancied pleasure ! Far- don me, Hdlle., but that little work there seems to have set me thinking — I have been drifting into a reverie of the past ; I have been dreaming my earlv dreams again.' 'Ah ! you have been reading my favourite book— Oh, M. Dubois, you do not know how it interests me — poor Eul alie ! how could Victor be so cruel as to deceive heri .And when I think of her lonely grave in the Paris cemetery, I feel that whatever verdict the world has passed upon her, she was more sinned against thaueinoing; that her poor broken heart has indeed made a fall and complete atonement.' ' What is your opinion of the book, Mdile.?' asked the doctor, somewhat anxiously. ' It fascinates me, Monsieur,' she re plied, ' I cannot help reading it over and over again — the language is beautiful, one must allow that. The writer was cer tainly a clever man, sensible enough, too, to publish his work without a name ; but for all that, Monsieur, he was a desperate and abandoned villain.' ' His conduct then is unpardonable in your eyes, Mdile. V ' M Dubois, can you ask me such a question as that I I repeat that this Victor, whoever he may be, is an accom plished villain ; and if ever I wen to meet him, X think that, woman as I am. I should be tempted to shoot him, as one shoots the meanest cur in the streets 1 If I were to see that man drowning before my eyes, I would not stretch forth one finger to save him — if I knew that he was dying of hunger, I would not give him one morsel of bread — if I saw him walking unconsciously into some un fathomable abyss, I wonld not raise my hand to draw him back 1 Monsieur, if there is a man upon earth whom I hate ; if there is one from whom I would shrink, jsa from a poisonous reptile, that man is the Victor who trampled the love of Eulalie beneath his feet !' She stood there at the entrance of the grotto, in her plain white muslin <lress, with the sparkling fonntain in the back ground, and the green ferns waring above her head and beside her ; and she looked, as the doctor thought, like the statue of some beautiful Greek maiden — and if he had thought her lovely before, he was now doubly impressed with her appear- anpf ' fep tiAr fafB was and Her eyes, sparkled with virtuous indignation, as she . remained there, bold, erect, and defiant, speaking with all the troth, all the fervour, of her artless and conscious innocence. Presently he observed, ' X am. much interested, Mdile., in wjiatyou say ; bnt is it possible that one so yonng and beautiful as you are, can sympathise from experience with poor Eulalie f Have you, Mdile., had occasion to brood over unrequited affection ? ; 'M. Dubois,? Alie replied, 'I will be -frank with you ; you are a friend of M. Estelle — why. should I conceal from you what concerns "himand hie? I loved, nay I still love, his son Edouard— love him with all the passionate fervour of jny race ; and yet he has sever given me biSlove in return. He.has not,itis true, deceived me jforhexnaSe no secret from. ' the firet that Marie Palmier was the woman of Ills choice— she lt is who is "beloved by . him, so passionately, so devotedly ; while. I am left to' fulfil the destiny of my sex, to suffer in silence and alone I '!©h,7 'AL Dubois, pardon my speaking like this, but I have no one to sympathise with me ; and when I saw that the story bf poor Edlalie' interested you ; when l knew that you were moved % it j l hoped. there would prove, to be -some bond between ub, that might -make .na -friends i that we both, perhaps, had had-; -the; ; same-hopeMdreams— fand'J guessed that yon, like myself, had in. the words of Eulalie, loved and lost, loved not wisely, butjtoo well.'s Yon, Monsieur, as a medical man, have doubtless -many \- secrets to keep— I «ntrost yon with mine, and'ask youtp" reject ' it with all Hie eacredue8s it deservek' The doctor "was strangely agitated ; here w& Aj&jele; . v&onpW; ,|u& , thought, so unapproachable/ fee' daUghfcer of a: nobleman ofshclentlineage, unburdening her wholooul fegfore hjmruSljng him in her <£iniopence sand? jrijnplicity, as; though she had known hint all her life I A sadden impulse possessed him— he fell uponlmkneandtnpherhand,: pressed ijpaauately jtp „;h'is lips. 'Mdile.,' he exclaimed, with all ids excitement of unrestrained passion, ' yon indeed honour me in telling me what you have done, in suggesting that the bond of mutual disappointment might ripen our acquaintance into friendship-r-and, believe me, X have no higher ambition than to become one of your truest and most valued friends. lTi»r me then, Mdile., when I swear to devote myself to yon from this day forward j to be your loyal slave and servant ; to advise, to help you, in any way that I can, to perform any service, however hazardous, that you may require of me — and I seek no omArrtAn nn ntmiJ knf ka saima. times in your thoughts, to feel sometimes the bright sunshine of your smile.' And Adele believed him, as she glanced down at his upturned eyes, looking so pleadingly into her own ; and before he left the grotto, she had placed her hand trustfully within his, aud accepted his chivalrous friendship — and dreamed not that he was both the anthor and the hero of the little book lying on the rustic seat ; and that he meditated at that very moment weaving another of those fatal webs, from whose meshes scarce one had ever yet escaped 1 CHAPTER XV. the glebe's concession. At twelve o'clock the doctor started off in M. Eatelle'a phaeton, to fetch Aug uste, as had been arranged. He had not been gone many minutes, before the Che valier began to speak seriously about him to the merchant — ' Pardon me, my friend,' he Observed, 'for ventnring the remark ; bnt there is something abont M. Dubois that I do not like — he is a man I could never bring myself to call an intimate acquaintance. Yon, X believe, have not known him long ?' 'Ho, Chevalier, was the reply, i know very little about him — he was called in by the confectioner, when X met with my accident ; I had not-seen him before, nor hud T avap hear/1 hie nomo T onnnnan he was the nearest medical man to Mad- ame's shop, and she considered that time was of course an object' ' That is all vety well, M. Es telle,' said his friend, ' and I have no donbt this yonng doctor has proved of service to yon — bnt remember he is a stranger in Boul ogne, and can refer to no one — I suppose he comes from Paris, and yet he gives no particulars about himself I may be over-anxious, Monsieur, but I have an only daughter, and M. Dubois has been introduced to her ; bnt from what X see of him, i do not wish them to meet again. Adele is yonng and romantic ; and might be induced to form an attachment, that would only cause her bitter regret in the end.' ' I do not, Chevalier, for my part,' returned the merchant, ' think that we need snBpect the doctor — but of course, as Mdile. Adlle is at present honouring my chdteau with her presence, I will not encourage the visits of M. Dubois ; I will inform- him that, after to-day, my reg- nlar medical attendant will relieve him from all farther daties.' ' And 1,' continued the Chevalier, ' shall take care that Adfele does not see him on his return ; for I am confident he is a thoroughly bad man. I may have to visit Paris shortly ; and I shall leave no stone untamed, in my endeavours to discover something about him.' And so these two, in their worldly wisdom, were planning against destiny — they were furbishing their weapons, prep ared to resist the doctor's further advances ; they were fortifiying, as it were, the chat eau against him — yet in the little grotto, only one short hour before, destiny had gained the victory ; unseen foes had cut down their strongest defences ; an enemy that they could not grasp, whose blows they were powerless to return, had stood arrayed againBt them, and had stormed and captured the fortress 1 It was about three o'clock when Ang- uste arrived with the doctor ; he had first gone to the office, according to directions, bnt no one was there ; he therefore pro ceeded' to tbe Place c VArmes, where he found the clerk, and shortly afterwards they had both started for Leschamps. Now it was M. Dubois' wish to be friendly, if possible, to all with whom he was brought iu contact — still he was the man to desert any alliance, if he found that the opposing parly was the stronger, and that he could expect Borae greater. advantage from it. He guessed that M Estelle would not be prepared to ehow much mercy to Auguste : for, firstly, there was the blow ; again, there was the fact that Edouard was obstinately iu love with Marie; and, to crown the whole, the merchant would -now be informed of the deficiency of two thousand francs. Altogether, then, things were, as he thought, looking very black for the man who now sat beside him in tbe phaeton — still he talked to him pleasantly and cheerfully, though with a' somewhat pat ronising air , and repeated more than once LtiaL we wouiu uu nuj-iuiug lie vuuu w influence M. Estelle. Angnste seemed vety grateful to have met with such an ally ; and was soon in better spirits, and discussed many topics of conversation with his companion. The doctor was loud in his praises of Madame Mauprat — she had been so kind to the invalid ; and had proved such an excellent nurse ;- so thoughtful, so unsel fish ; and he congratulated the clerk upon his matrimonial prospects. Auguste then began to talk very enthusiastically about her ; and so, in "One way and another, the 'time passed on ; till at length they drove np to the front door of the chateau, and m. Dubois conducted the clerk into the drawing-room, where the merchant was still lying on the sofa. On a chair 'near the window sat the Ghevalier, evid ently much interested in the scene — he had some idea that M. Eetelle wonld bring up the subject of Edpuard's love for Marie ; and had made up his mind, should he deem it necessary, to tell him plainly that Addle no longer aspired to the hand of Lis son.-. And -when Auguste entered, the old soldier looked kindly at him, and Seemed much taken with his frank, yet respectful manner — he had not .by any means .the appearance of one who would strike his employer, unless under very .great provocation;' and as the Chevalier had heard ?he whole story, his sym- pathies were enlisted . . on . behalf of the -young man, who, at - the cost of - hlfl situation, had defended the good name of his mother and sister. Th» clerk was now .standing in the. presence of three toep.df yy diffieren t du>poffltfou8"-— -Aera -was, frraay, his na- pfoyiei/sarcasticiXHtiless, cruel j-smairting -under the .retoucction of, the rf>low,and at thel&biight; he bwed 'to andhis " fomilyrfhe apparent .failure of! Us 93»en :thew - was the old soldier of Prance ; honour able, generous, kind ; who was resolved to protect him against any injustice — and there was the doctor, whom he thought Ub friend ; but he would, as events proved, be influenced entirely by the view that the merchant Bhonld take of the case under consideration. ' Perhaps, Monsieur, you will permit me to speak with yon alone,' commenced the clerk, ' there is something.' — 'There can be nothing, M. Palmier,' interrupted his employer, ' in connection with my accounts, that need be con- sidered a secret ; my dealings have always been those of a man of honour, and I eee no occasion for anyone to leave the room.' 'Bnt, Monslenr,' pleaded Augusts, there is something that I cannot say before these gentlemen — I beseech you to grant me a private interview.' Upon this the doctor and the cheva lier rose to take their departure ; but the merchant begged them to be seated again ; and continued, turning to Us clerk — 'X repeat, M. Palmier, that I see no reason why my affairs should not be mentioned before my two friends — there is very little, indeed, that you have to say ; if you will kindly hand me as re quested a statement of my accounts, I will examine it, and shall not detain you longer than I can help.' Bnt, Monsieur.' — 'Your manner is very strange,' inter posed M. Estelle ; ' and unless you wish me to suspect something unpleasant, yon will make no further delay — the cheva lier there, is my oldest and most valued friend: and the doctor remains as my professional attendant, in case I might require his assistance. I again repeat that there is nothing, as for as I know, in connection with my affairs, that might not be made public to the whole town of Boulogne.' Upon this Angnste saw that any farther objections would only tell against him ; he therefore observed, with an air oi desperation, 'Monsieur, I ask your pardon, but I have not prepared any statement of yoor accounts.' Really, It Palmier, I am surprised to hear this,' exclaimed the merchant — ' you have had an unexpected extension of time ; you have had day after day to do what might have been done in a few hours. Perhaps you will inform me the earliest date that yon will honour me by attending to my wishes.' ' I cannot, Monsieur, furnish yon with any statement — it is impossible to balance your accounts ; there is a deficiency of two thousand francs.' ' A deficiency of two thousand francs,' Bald his employer — ' I must, then, have taken that amount from the safe, without informing you, and you have made no entry of it— and yet X do not remember having done so ; yon have doubtless, some further particulars to give me.' It is not, Monsienr, as yon suggest, replied Auguste ; ' the money never passed .through your hands — it was I who took it, bnt it was your son who afterwards received it' ' My son who received it !' pardon me, ML Palmier, you do not explain yourself to my satisfaction. M. Edouard, besides being my son, is my partner ; he, doubt less required the money to further the interests of the business — still he should have informed me of it ; and yon, as my clerk, were guilty of great carelessness in not having made an entry of the trausac tion.' M. Estelle,' exclaimed Auguste, ' it is useless to deceive yon — your son begged the money to pay some debt of honour ; he promised to replace it within three days, bnt he never did so. I, Monsienr, am to blame for advancing it ; for I knew at the time that it was not in tended to be expended in the interests of your firm.' This announcement caused a great sensation : the chevalier looked up astonished ; while the merchant assumed one of his pitiless smiles, that boded no good to tbe unfortunate clerk. The old soldier was puzzled — he could not think the young man guilty ; and yet his story was somewhat improbable. M. Estelle's son, he supposed, could not possibly be short of two thousand francs ; or if so, why shonld he have hesitated to ask bis father to assist him ? He therefore was determined to watch the proceedings more closely than ever ; and at the merchant's request, went to summon Edouard. There was an awkward pause when the chevalier had left the room — at length M. Estelle, taking advantage of his absence to taunt the man who had placed himself in his power, observed sarcastically, 'so M. Auguste, this is what you, the, honest clerk, have done ; yon who are hoping to be the brother-in- law of my son Edouard; you who boasted of your family honour ! X am not bound to believe your story, even if my son confirms it — you, M. Auguste, are gnilty in the eye of the law, for you confess to have been the one who ab stracted the money from the, safe. Of coarse M. Edouard gave yon a receipt, when you handed bim so large a enm as two thousand francs ?' 'No, M. Estelle, I did not ask for one, X trusted to his honour — I beseech yon; Monsienr, to make some allowance for my want of caution ; X confess to the part I took iu the transaction ; I am willing to bear all the responsibility ; I will seek any employment : I will work -at anything, nieinal, in order to repay you the money.' ML Palmier,' rejoined the merchant, I have, not forgotten the blow that I received from yon — I -did not give yon into custody, but I nursed my revenge ; I waited my opportunity, and now it has unexpectedly come. -M. Palmier, X hate yon and I shall show yon no mercy ! I refuse to. believe the" story yon tell jne—yov I hold both gnilty and respon sible — you I look upon as the thief — and if my son is to marry into your family, he shall at least have ae his wife the sister of a convicted felon.' ' M. Estelle, I implore yon, hear me,' , said Auguste in despair ; . I am not ; guilty, except of a most thoughtless and , foolish act ; for my mother's sake, Mon sieur, I .beseech yon to spare me' — -and rising from iris chair, the clerk fell upon his knees before the merchant, and with tears in his eyeB, sued eagerly and pas sionately forforgiyenesa CHAPTER XVI. : the mrachajft8 decision. yfpile the clerk was in this humiliating position, the door opened and, the "Chevalier entered,- . followed a few moments afterwards by Edbuarfl. The merchant MW his Advantage ; -aud raid in hie most pitiless tone to Angnste. You had better rise, M. Palmier, from your vety undignified posture — you certainly will not impress ub with a high | opinion of your innocence, if you abase j yourself in each a strange manner.' Angnste rose suddenly, and seemed half ashamed at bring discovered in such an attitude — what wonld the Chevalier think of Lira now? he had, without donbt, fallen in his estimation, and yet he had hoped to have fonnd in him a friend : he had canght the encouraging look of the old soldier at the commence- ment of bis examination ; ana ne was i extremely vexed at the idea that he I wonld now, perhaps, think him gnilty. I But he did not know that M. Mont-j pensier had overheard some of the mer chant's words; as he was about to re- enter the room — M. Estelle had spoken loader than usual ; and the Chevalier had paused a moment outside the door, and had heard his friend say that if Edouard married Mdile Palmier, he would marry the sister of a convicted felon. Was it possible that the merchant was going to take this cruel revenge, because Edouard preferred Marie to Addle ? Yes, he was not mistaken — M. Estelle had appeared in his true colours ; and the Chevalier knew that the friendship between them must sooner or later be broken. And when he entered the room, he had made np hie mind that he would see justice done ; even if he were obliged openly to denonnce the merchant, and dissolve all intimacy with him on tbe spot. ' My son,' observed ML Estelle, when Edouard came in, ' this is a strange story that M. Palmier telle me — you received from him the sum of two thousand francs; the matter was kept secret from me ; and I only discover it now that I have requested a statement of my accounts.' Edouard hesitated, and kept hiB eyes fixed on the ground — he knew that his I father waB angry, though he spoke in such a film, quiet manner ; and he feared I that if he confessed, the merchant wonld I say something that wonld lower him in I the eyes of the Chevalier and M. Dubois. At length he looked np at Auguste ; and struck with his pale, anxious face, he thought of a promise he had made to Marie only the day before, that he would tell the trnth, be the result what it might in a moment hiB sense of honour triumphed, and he confessed that what the clerk had stated was correct. ' And I am expected to believe this j story, so cleverly made up between yon,' said the merchant, looking from one of the yonng men to the other. Yon think, Edouard, doubtless, that you are safe ; that I wonld not proceed against you— may I ask what reward is awaiting you for concealing M. Palmier's guilt ? am I right in supposing it is the hand of his sister I ' < M Rstelle 1 ' exclaimed the Chevalier, rising, "you insult yonr son ; you cast a slur, too, upon the lady of his choice, and her relations. The clerk has made a certain statement — your own son con firms it ; am I to understand, then, that yon still accuse M. Angnste of having robbed yon ? ' ' Pardon me, M. Montpensier,' retained the merchant ; ' I hardly anticipated that you wonld venture to question my mode of procedure — I grant yon I might, if 1 1 chose, believe tbe story ; and tbe clerk could go from tbis house a free man — but there are other circumstances that I intend to take into consideration ; and unless I am fully satisfied, M. Palmier will leave this chateau in the custody of the police.' You ore quite right, M. Estelle, chimed in the doctor, anxious to stand well with his patroD, and also glad to aim a blow at the Chevalier ' you, as the injured party, are at liberty to make what conditions you please ; and we, who hold a subordinate position in the affair, should of course bow to your superior judg ment,' Yon hear that ; 3 triumphantly ex claimed tbe merchant, turning to the Ghevalier — ' M. Dubois quite agrees with me ; and I hope 1 shall succeed in over-l coming your scruples as welL' 1 Tlie old soldier made no reply ; but fixed hie eyes on the doctor, with snch a look of scoro and contempt, that he quailed beneath bis steady gaze. ' I presume,' said M. EBtelle after a pause, ' we may bow proceed to settle this uDpleaaaat matter. You, M. Palmier, as you most perceive, are wholly in my power — the other day yon struck me; for thiB I can have yon convicted ofj assault — to-day you confess to having! taken two thousand francs from my safe ; and whatever yon may have done with the money, you, and you alone, are guilty in the eye of the law — and for this I can place yon under arrest for embezzle ment But my friend the Chevalier seems interested on yonr behalf ; and ont.of the j respect I bear him, I am willing to pardon you — but I shall attach a con dition, that I hope you will see the advisability of complying with.' ' O, Monsieur,' exclaimed the clerk, yon are too good, too kind — T was wrong in judging yon as harshly as I have done ; and whatever you may require of me, whatever task you may lay upon me, shall be faithfully performed. And to yon, M. Montpensier,' he continued, tam ing to the Chevalier, ' I return my most sincere thanks for the kind interest yon have taken in me, a stranger — and, believe me, Monsieur, I shall ever con- rider myself bonod to yon by 'the ties of a deep and lasting gratitude.' 'Stay,' said the merchant; 'you are talking in the style of the actors that one bears on the stage— this room is not a theatre, M. Palmier ; and when you have somewhat calmed yourself, perhaps you will fetch a blue paper from my escritoire behind you, which I have prepared for your signature. You will be good enough to read it aloud firat, and then sign it ; after which, I shall request my friends here to append their -names as witnesses. ' Angnste lost no time in finding the document; aud began to read as - follows, amid an almost breathless silence ; — ' I, Auguste Palmier, lately clerk in the em ploy of M. Henri Estelle of Bonlogne and Leschamps, do hereby engage on tbe part of my mother, Eorteuse Palmier of the Place d'Armes, Boulogne, that Bbe will, from this date, deny M. . Edouard Estelle, son of M. Estrile aforesaid, ad mission: to hri house situated on the Place d' Armes ; and that she will also inform tbe Arid M. Edouard Estell that she sees fit to. withdraw -her. consent to a marriage between him and her daughter Mane. And it is upon this - condition alone ; that M. Estelle refatms from prosecuting me, the said Auguste Palmier, for certain offences 1 committed againBt him.' I ' I believe that is all plain, and to thte j point,' said the merchant — 'you will find a pen beside you, M. Palmier ; and J upon your affixing your signature, you 1 can leave this room a free man.' I Hold !' exclaimed Edouard, rushing I forward, ' you shall never sign such a j paper as that ! and if yon have to appear j in court, Auguste, I will be there too, I will tell the truth publicly, in the place 1 I of all others where we may expect justice. I Monsieur, he adds A tnrnins to his father. it iB useless for you to plan anything in I connection with Marie : we have pledged I our troth ; and nothing shall ever shake I my resolve to make her my wife. I ' And I,' said the chevalier, taking him j by the hand, ' admire yonr sentiments, M Edouard, for in an affair of the heart; I maintain that those directly concerned shonld be consulted. And as for yon, I M. Palmier, I believe you to be ' innocent ; though I fear that will not be much consolation to you — but, Mon sieur sign nothing whatever : Heaven will protect yon ; and if I can do anything for you, depend upon it, it shall be done.' I ' Upon my word, M. Estelle,' observed I the doctor, ' your old friend the chevalier I iB deserting you ; your clerk is about to I refuse your terms ; while your son defies I you. For my part, I consider the paper 1 perfectly just : and i would strongly 1 nree M. Aususte to sign it ; and to be thankful it does not impose upon him ! aDy personal iuconvenience.' ' Silence 1, M. Dubois,' exclaimed Edouard augrily — ' is it nothing to yon that I am pledged to the sister of M. Auguste ? do you think I am not I honourably bouud to carry out my I engagement ? Bat, Monsienr, these senti- | meats are perhaps not understood by one | who can be so cowardly and dishonour-. able as to advise that paper to be | signed.' The doctor's face flushed with anger ; : but he managed to restrain himself — he : I did not know whether it would be good policy for him to quarrel yet with the son of the man, whose favour he was eo anxious to retain. 'And I too,' said the chevalier, ad dressing the company generally, ' most strongly advise M. Palmier not to append his signature — he, i am sure, values his sister's happiness too much to inflict such a cruel blow upon her.' I ' Perhaps,' observed M. Estelle, ' when I these sublime displays of eloquence are I ended, my clerk will be good enough to I inform me how he views my decision. I I have not yet recovered from die effects I of my late accident, and am beginning to I grow weary, — do you then M. Palmier, I accept or decline my terms ?' I < Monsieur, L decline them,' was the I reply — ' I refuse to sign this paper ; i refuse to matte any compromise : l woma sooner lose my right hand, than that it should pen a single stroke to destroy my : sister's happiness 1 Monsieur, you are answered, I urge nothing farther in my defence ; but shall stand npon the cou- Bcioasness of my own innocence.' ' Yery good,' continued the merchant, ' matters then must take their course ; j and you will leave here in custody. Per haps, M. Dubois, yon will he good enough to drive again into Bonlogne for me, and take this note to the prefect of police — I am exceedingly sorry to put you to so mnch trouble.' ' Do not mention it Monsieur,' said the doctor ; ' my time is entirely at yoor die I posal,' and taking the letter, he walked I towards the door : but before he could I reach it, the chevalier had planted him- I self in his path, and had brought him to I a standstill. I ' Scop M. Dubois,' he exclaimed, ' cringing hypocrite that yon are I you are apparently well accustomed to per form these mean and cowardly actions I but, Monsieur, you shall not pass me, until I have requested M. Estelle to re consider his decision.' ' Do you attempt to detain me ?,' asked I the doctor, coming closer, and trying to I -assume a somewhat courageous mien. I ' Whatever yonr position in society may 1 be Monsieur Montpensier, I have yet to learn by what right you presume to in terfere with me — again I ask your per mission to depart on my errand. 1 do I not wish to create a scene in ML Estelle's I present state of health ; and I trust you I will render anything of the kind unneces sary.' And he looked up as defiantly as he conld into the face of the man who con fronted him ; but he trembled as he saw how the fire flashed from the eyes of the old soldier, who had led a cavalry charge at Austerlitz, and again at Waterloo ; the man who had never yet turned his back npon. a foe! Suddenly the chevalier I seized him by the shoulders, and poshed him backwards," the doctor missed hie footing, and fell to the ground, striking his head violently against the corner of a massive table. CHAPTER XYir. bearding the lion. I Auguste, finally, was dismissed from I Leschamps, without being given- into j custody ; but he was informed by the I merchant that if Madame Palmier had j not made the required stipulation within I three days, he would be arrested without j any further warning. I The clerk lost no time in relating to j his mother and Madame Mauprat what M. Estelle's decision had been ; and 1 thongh matters looked very unpromising, I they did not hesitate to praise the honourable motives that had prompted I him not to sign the paper. Madame I Palmier became more resigned now to I the inevitable fate that appeared looming 1 in the distance. Aaguste would doubt- I less have to go to prison, bat it conld not be helped : Edoasrd had done what I he could ; he had tried to raise the money, and he had confessed everything : j to his father ; so she exonerated him \ from all duplicity and cowardice in the ; j matter. 1 Madame Mauprat, however; was en-! I raged with M. Estelle — to think that her | j Auguste should be accused and insulted i J in such a manner ! It was not to be en- ! j dnred— she wonld . eee the haughty j I merchant— she wonld plead, she would j demand — she wonld bring him in. some | j way or. another to -his erases.: 'Angnste, though he considered her very zealous iu 1 his defence, ; of conrae knew nothing of, j the secret ; and conld not dream that the j widow conld possibly have any hold jupqii j M. Estelle— and yet there must be«une- : I thing to make her speak so confidently: I he would ask her, at any rate, and see j what he could gather from her reply. . I 'Julie, heobeetyea,themormngaRer the events related in the last chapter, ' yon think yon can persuade the mer chant to pardon me; but I fear it is hopeless — the Chevalier, his oldest friend, could do nothing; and yet you will at tempt it ?" 'Certainly, Angnste; why should I not? he may insult me, if he likes: thongh I don't for a "moment suppose he will — still it is for your sake, Angnste, and I have fully made up my mind to beard the lion in his den.' 'Yon will go then to Iieschamps, Jnlie ?' 'Yob,3 she replied confidently, 'I will go this very afternoon — and yon, Auguste, can engage a conveyance, and take me over. I will start abont five 0 clock, and Clemence must attend to the shop as best she can, while X see this proud, cruel man. Arrest you, my Auguste, will he ?— if he dan do that, I know what I can do — don't ask me any thing,' Bhe continued, seeing that he was I about to speak ; ' what I know is a 1 secret between myself and one other, and 1 perhaps none else will ever be informed I of it ; bnt if Monsieur refuses my request I all Boulogne ehall hear what I have to I tell them, aud what the doctor can prove I as welt' I It was, then, about rix "o'clock in the I evening that a hired phaeton, containing I two occupants, Madame Mauprat and I Angnste, passed from the main road, into | the carriage drive leading to the mer- chant's residence ; and when within right of the hooBe, Angnste palled np, and assisted Madame to alight, saying he would await her return. The widow walked on alone, much struck with the beauty of the place ; and smiling as she re flected that if everybody knew what she conld tell them, .tiie present proprietor wouldfindhimselfnolongerinpossesrionof so charming and romantic a spot It was difficult to say what she really meant to do — she did not want to play her trump card yet ; but, on the other hand, Angnste most most certainly be pardoned : the merchant was, as he wonld remember, under an obligation to her ; she had nursed him when he sprained hie ankle ; she had fetched the doctor ; she had placed her parlour at bis disposal, and he had appeared very grstefal. And it wee upon this faot that - she intended I firat to ground her claim-r- ehe wonld I crave A boon for "what she had done, and I she hardly anticipated a refusal ; if, how- ever, it shonld prove so, she must give a I hint that the merchant was in her -power. I And bo, with great uncertainty as to what force she would have to use to I attain her object, she found herself in the I presence of M. Estelle. j ' You will excuse this intrusion, Mon- I sieur,' she begun, ' but I have a request j of some importance to make. I had, ae 1 you will recollect, the pleasure of with your unfortunate accident.' ' Ah f Bald (he merchant, smiling, 'it is Madame Mauprat, I can only say, Madame, that I am under a great obli gation to yon ; and you have bnt to mention in what way I can have the honour of assisting you, and I shall not be ungrateful or ungallant enough to deny yon.' ' M. Estelle,' exclaimed the widow in I a firm tone of voice, 'I Beek, nay X de- I mand, a pardon for M. Angnste Palmier 1 — we are betrothed to one another ; I I cannot, will not, bee him disgraced and j punished, when you know as well ss I I do that he is innocent.' | The merchant was astonished — he knew nothing of this engagement; and I now there wonld be another enemy arrayed against him, unless he yielded — I and Madame had been eo good to him ; I but then he thought of his son's attach- ment to Mane — no, while mat lasted, he would forgive nothing, 'Madame,' he st length observed, 'I am glad you have honoured me with this visit ; and I would ask you to use yonr influence to break off an unfor tunate engagement between my son and Mdile. Palmier ; when this takes place, M. Angnste will have a full pardon, and I ehall be happy to make you some little souvenir of my esteem.' ' Monsienr, yon are greatly mistaken in me,' replied the widow ; ' mnch as I love Angnste, neither he nor X wonld consent to be parties to any plan that might destroy his sister's happiness. Do you think, Monsieur, that I conld ever have my conscience at rest, if I helped to separate Marie from the one she loves ? Oh, no, M. Estelle, you must pardon I Auguste, but it shall not be on the con ditions yon now mention,' 'JIust pardon him!' said the merchant. — ' yon will excuse me, Madame, if X ask why X am to be guided by you iu thie matter ? Certainly I am under an obliga tion to yon, which I can and will repay in some other way ; but you cannot expect me to have my present plans interfered with — talking of repayment;' he con- tinned, ' reminds me, Madame, that X purchased a trifling eonvenir for yon, which I intended to send toyour establish ment in the morning ; perhaps yon will allow me now to submit it for yonr approval,' and he opened a- parcel that was lying beside him, and displayed a handsome piece of corded silk, of a pearl- grey colour, abont twenty yards in length, of which he begged the widow's accept ance. ' It will be eo convenient,' he observed, emiliog, ' for a wedding costume, when yon become the wife of M. Angnste. The widow looked at the silk for a few moments — it certainly was a powerful bribe : for what Frenchwoman was ever proof against each an inducement ? bnt then she thought of Angnste — if ehe accepted the dress, ehe could make no further claim on the merchant, and her' I lover wonld be punished. This -at once derided her, and she replied—' I did not expect anything, Monsienr, for baring been of some slight service to yon, nor I do I want payment of this kind. You I know how yon can. oblige me ; and if yon I refuse to do eo, I am resolved what my next step shall be, aud- yon must abide I by the consequences,' and she fixed her I eyes opon tbe merchant, with a look that I made him feel very uneasy indeed. I She was very hold, very con' deot, he I thought ; hat what grounds had she for I being so ? did she know anything? O, no, I he conld not suppose fRrf-nnd so -he I tried to shake off his uncomfortable feel- I ing, but it was no easy task : the widow I was evidently in earnest ; and wonld she I have aissumed so lofty a tone, would she I have -dared' to demand, unites 'tihe -'knew I that she held the winning card"? Perhaps he had bettor-yield— it was; a 'good opportunity for him to do eo : Ihecould let people -know that he me under an obligation to Madame, and she had naturally asked for Auguste to be forgiven. And by doing this the Cheva lier, perhaps, would become hie friend again ; while everybody would think how lenient he had been in pardoning the clerk, yes, he wnnld make a virtue of necessity ; he wonld yidd ; he wonld tell his friends that Madame had pleaded so hard, that he conld not be so ungallant as to refuse her. And so, having well considered the matter, he replied — ' I am happy to in form yon, Madame, that you have over come my Bcruples, M. Auguste is from this moment a free man, X should indeed be impolite, if I refused a boon to one so charming as' Madame Mauprat.' 'Monsieur,' I seek no flattery from you,' said the widow ; ' nor do I thank you for acceding to my request — you have only done your duty, and that you know full welL I owe you no thankB, and I shall offer you none.' The merchant looked surprised, and was half sorry he had made the promise, but he conld not well retract it now ; etill he wonld add a condition, that the clerk should apologise for having struck him. ' I presume, Madame,' he observed, ' that M. Palmier will not refuse to express hie Borrow for having eo far forgotten his position as to raise hie hand against me, hie employer 1 I ehall expect a written statement, declaring hie extreme regret at ha vine done so.' ' M. Estelle,' exclaimed Madame, 'Auguste shall never, with my consent, offer you any apology, either verbal or by letter. The blow that you received was well deserved : what right had you to insult his mother and sister?' And then, ae if struck with a sudden idea, ehe added, 'yon expect a written apology, Monsieur ; well, I will turn the tables, and demand one from you, earing how sorry yon are at having falsely accused M. Palmier. And again, why shonld not your son have Marie as hie wife ? ' ' Because, Madame,' was tbe reply, ' I do not choose that any such marriage shall take place— and you will allow me perhaps to settle matters of this kind, without any uncalled for interference. And as to making an apology to M. Auguste, I do not consider it at all con sistent with my position.' Yonr position i ' echoed the widow in a passion — ' pray, Monsienr, what is your position ? I tell yon,' she added, going close to him, and hissing the words in his ear, ' I would sooner be the poorest beggar in Boulogne ; I would sooner have no place to sleep by night, and scarce a morsel to eat by day, than be what you are I— do yon understand me, Monsienr V M. Estelle started — but he did not dare lose hie temper : Madame was angry, and he dreaded what she might say next, he must at all hazards conciliate her — and, after afsw moments' hesitation, he wrote word for word as she dictated. And now for the first time the widow really knew the value . of her secret — but had she said too much ? had she in her momentary passion gone too far ? she most dissemble ; she must not let the merchant be fore-armed by being fore warned. She would rather at present that he suspected nothing; and though he was at her mercy, (and how clearly she conld Bee that this was the case), yet riie wished to reserve her forces for some subsequent occasion. lira word, Madame Mauprat had made up her mind that Monsieur should sign at her bidding another paper, consenting to the marriage of Edonard and Marie — -but why not to day ? why not gladden the heart of Auguste, aud of his sister as well ? But no : ehe would wait awhile : ehe was not folly prepared — it was enough for once to have Becured the safety of her lover : that effort had cost her something ; that wonld suffice for the present : she needed not to hasten on another conflict. Her opponent was in hergrasp— she knew where to pounce npon him at any moment . the battle, though not yet fought, was in reality as good as won — there could not be a long atrnggle ; the enemy must yield : she had but to show her weapons, and Monsieur would foil at her feet, aud declare himself to be at her mercy. ' You are deep in thought, Madame,' said M. Estelle presently ; ' I have twice handed you this paper, but yon did not perceive it. If I can do nothing more for yon, you will allow me to wish yon good evening ; unless, indeed, I can offer you any refreshment.' No, she would take nothing ; she did not need it — was he not to be her foe ? and how conld she conscientiously break his bread ? Her enmity was relentless — she would accept of no hospitality ; and in refusing this, Bhe felt Bhe wonld have no compunction in carrying on hostilities against him ' to the bitter end.' CHAPTER xviii. the chevauer in fasis. After the pardon of Auguste a month passed by, without anything of mnch im portance occurring in connection with the different characters of our stoiy. Edouard still visited at the house of Madame Palmier, and the clerk had obtained a good situation, better even In point of salary than he had had with M. Estelle. The doctor had not been again to Leschamps, though he fully intended to do so ; but he was so occupied in his schemes with respect to Adele, that he seemed to have no thought beyond her. The Ghevalier was engaged compiling materials for a life of Napoleon I.; and when he did not require his daughter's assistance, ehe was able to do pretty modi as die pleased, and to leave the honee for an hoar or two without detec tion. So she and the doctor often met; and on her side, at least; friendship had ripened into love — and all through the long and weary day, she would look forward to those stolen meetings in the calm, clear evenings, as a tempest-tossed mariner beholdB in the distance the friendly gleam of the harbour light, and knows he. is sailing onwards to the wiehed-for haven. And so a month passed by, when the Chevalier one morning expressed his intention of proceeding to Paris almost immediately. ' There are some books and manuscripts in the library there, Adele, that I most study in connection with my life of Napoleon — I shall not be away ' long ; yon will not lonely, Adele?' Poor girl ! She could not tell her father the truth ; that for from feeling lonely at his departure, it wonld open out Ike way foe' her to be. more frequently in the' society of Ike man die now loved' fiearef than life: that she wonld be able to meet him without restraint ; that she conld go in and oat of the house unquestioned ! The Chevalier noticed her countenance, and sighed — was she changing towards him in his old age ? Was she a less devoted daughter than in days gone by ? Why, even one short year ago, when he was obliged to go to Paris, he had fonnd .her in tears at the .idea of a separation, and now— ah ! well, she was a good daughter ; he most not complain : her manner, perhaps, was a little more reserved, bnt he conld not for a moment doubt her love. Presently eke replied, ' No papa, I will try and not be lonely ; but you will not be long away P 'No, my child, only three weeks ; I have arranged, however, for von to reside with Madame Palmier during my absence ; she will take care of you, though you will meet your former rival there. Do you object to that, Adele V ' Ah ! papa, that is all paet now ; and Marie will be my dear friend, instead of rival. I did love Edouard, but I have become mora resigned now. I do not envy Marie ; I know how attached she iB to her lover, and my only -hope is that they may be happy.' A day or two afterwards M. Mont pensier started for Paris, and his daughter went to the boardinghonse on the Place d'Armes : and then began for her a time of happiness in the enjoyment of M. Dubois' society, so complete, so intense, that she conld hunllv rA&lian; ik. And nfi»n thought she was dreaming some delicions dream ! In the meantime the Chevalier was making the most of his stay in Paris : he had obtained some valuable information for his life of Napoleon ; and had also called on the prefect of police, to eee if anything was known of the doctor , who had only been in Boulogne abont two or three months. He had, jnet before leaving home, discovered in his daughter's portfolio a striking likeness of M. Dubois — it was only a little pencil eketch from memory, but very faithfully executed ; and, armed with . this, he arrived at the headquarters of the police. The prefect received him very civilly : for though a royalist, he well knew tire name and misfortunes of the house of Montpensier, and declared willing to oblige him iu any way that he could. ' I wish, Monsieur,' began the Chevalier, ' to ask if you know anything of a M. Dubois, lately a medical etndent of Paris ; he took his diploma, and went to Boulogne two or three months ago.7 The prefect referred to a large book before him, in which were descriptions of persons wanted, or persons who were con sidered suspected; but he evidently could find no such name as Dubois. ' How old is this M. Dubois ?' he asked ; ' aud what ie his appearance P I should say he was about twenty- eight, replied the Chevalier ; ' rather dark, very handsome features, large eyes, a moustache, and slight imperial. But I have a sketch with me, that may afford you some clue — ' and he placed the draw ing down in front of the officer. The prefect gazed at it for a few moments ; and then unlocking a drawer, produced a daguerrotype likeness, and placed it side by side with the eketch; and turning to the Chevalier, asked him if he saw any resemblance between them. Yes, there they lay, ride by eide, Ike two portraits of one and the same man — the man whom the Chevalier had suspected ; the man who he guessed would be above doing no mean action ; the man who, as the drawing seemed to prove, had made some impression npon hiB only daughter ! ' Monsieur,' said the prefect, ' that man is perhaps the greatest villain in the whole of France, and yet the law has not been able to touch him : we have, however, had him under police surveillance, and have missed him for the last two or three months. He is, then, at Boulogne? welt I must cougratulate the good citizens there on having such a celebrity among them.' 'A villain, and yet the law cannot touch' bim ! How is that; Monsieur ?' asked the Chevalier. ' Because,' was the reply,' this JL Dubois, whose right name by the way. is Victor Faubert, has hitherto only done what is criminal in the sight of God, and not of man ; but, M. Montpensier, when jnstice overtakes him in another world, he will surely meet with his punishment. This Faubert can count bis victims by the score; he makes the boast that he has scarce ever failed in his vitliauy. I will tell you a story, Monsieur. Nearly six years ago there was a young and lovely girl at St. Denis, living with her mother, who was a milliner. Eulalie was the most beautiful girl in the whole town ; and the doctor met her at some fete at St Cloud, and from that time was a frequent visitor at her house. He fascinated her; ehe believed bim ; she left her home, and came to Paris — but before six months had passed, Eulalie was lying in the cemetery — she bad died of a broken heart ! And this Faubert actually published a book after her death, giving an account of their attachment ; and putting into print some of her most passionate letters — you may have seen tbe little work; Monsienr, it was very cleverly written — it was called The Love Story of Victor and Eulalie.' The Chevalier started, as though he had received a blow — The Love Story of Vic tor and Eulalie ! — why that was the very book he had once seen in his daughter's hand at Leschamps ; and Dubois had written it ; and this Dubois was, for all he knew, constantly in her company 1 and he felt at that moment he wonld rather know that his beloved child was lying by the side of poor Eulalie, than that she should ever speak to tins villain again 1 ' Pardon me, Monsieur.' said the prefect, ' you have, I believe, a daughter : if so, guard her from that man — no risk, no danger, no insult, will torn him from his purpose— and there ie nothing I shonld like better to hear, than that this Victor Faubert had been shot down like a dog ! I will communicate at once with the police at B mlogne — this doctor, if not a criminal yet, is nevertheless, imposing upon people by means of a false name : he was too cunuiog to keep his own ; it has .indeed won for him an unenviable notoriety ! But, Monsieur, I can give yon a living proof of what I say — have you a short time at your disposal ?' ' Certainly, replied Ike Chevalier; 'aud I shall deem it a great favour, if yon can enable me to take back to Boulogne some incootestible witness of this man's villiauy' The prefect then rinsed the office for the evening, and walked out with M. MoutpenBier, observing I will take you, Monsieur, to one of Faubert' s victims — a most pitiable case — it was only brought Tinder my notice yeajerday ; this way, Monsieur — ' and they tinned off the main street, and aoon found themselves in one of the worst parts of old Paris. In a wretched attic, op some creaking, worm-eaten stairs, a young girl was lying on what appeared to be a bundle of rags. She had been very lovely, and though her cheeks were now colonrless, and her once lustrous eyes hollow and sunken, she still retained some slight traces of her former beauty. She was dying — there conld be no doubt about that — and at her breast lay a little babe, calmly sleeping, unconscious of all its mother's troubles. In another coiner of the room sat an old woman, busily employed in making lace ; bnt her eyes were getting dim, she could not do mnch now — yet when she gazed at her danghter, lying upon the rags, her strength seemed to revive ; she must work for her ; she could not, old and feeble as she was, see her only child perish for want of food. Presently the girl spoke, seemingly with great effort — ' Is he come, mother ? I dreamed that he had come back to me.' ' No1 replied the old woman, with a sigh — they never come back, my child —they never come back ! But do you feel easier, Josephine V ' No, mother, I never shall be better —Victor has killed me. Ob, why did he deceive me 1 he was my idol, my hero — I had no thought that he did not share ; no dream, in which I could not picture him ; no wish for Heaven, nnless I was snre he wonld be there too ! Bat, mother, he has loved me — 1 can still say that — he has deemed me worthy of his kisses — though all has now passed away for ever 2' Presently the little one began to cry j tbe young mother soothed it and caressed it ; and placing it at her bosom, she con tinued — 'Two months ! mother, to think that I have not seen him for two months ! I wonder I have not died long before this — two months 2 and I used to see him eveiy single day. Oh, it is hard to bear 2 bnt I sliall soon be taken now. 7ou will not tell me bow weak I am ; but I know it, mother, I know it — two months, and I have never so mnch as heard what he is doing f ' Ah 2 my child,' said the woman sud denly, 'I forgot — there it a letter; I should have given it yon before, but' — ' Ob, quick, mother,' interrupted Josephine, 'give me the letter, he willcome again, now that he has written 2 Oh, it will be hard to die, if he is coming back to me 2 ' No, no, my child,' said her mother sadly, ' yon most not hope it — they never come back — alas I they never come back T Tbe dying girl eagerly opened the letter, and read as follows — ' I left yon, Josephine, because I saw that we were nnsnited to one another : you loved me, I confess ; bat yon gave me too mnch of yonr devotion — I was too snre of yonr love, and so I tired of it I write to say that it was no priest who married us, so yon are free, as far ae I am concerned ; and yon will doubtless meet with someone in yonr own stage of life (if yon have not already done so), who will make yon a kind and loving husband. Write to me if yon like, Josephine ; and address to M. Dubois, Post-office, Boulogne.' This was the end — not a word, of regret; not a word of love! — he had cast her off : and now, worse than all, she knew that she had never been his wife 2 The silver cord was loosed, the golden bowl was broken — her exhausted nature conld not snpport her nnder such a terrible revelation ; and, with one wild shriek, she sank down, and never Bpoke again '. (To be continued in our next.) 