RULES. i. Any Member absenting bimself from six ordinary meet ings of his Branch consecutively, and not assigning any just reason, shall cease to be a Member. He may, however, appear at the next monthly meeting and excuse himself. II. That any Member or Associate may be expelled from the League at the decision of the President and the majority of the (Jouncil. III. All complaints must be made to the Council, through the Secretary, in writing. IY. That the decision of the Council be final m all matters of dispute. Y. Every Member must have the badge and medal, and every Associate the medal of the League ; and should he leave the League must return the same to the Secretary. YI. That- the Council may call a Special Meeting when they deem it desirable to do so. VII. That the Constitution, or any Rules of the Society, may be altered or added to at the yearly meeting ; and that at that meeting members alone vote. VIII, That the Constitution shall not be altered, and no Rule shall be made or repealed, unless the majority of two- thirds present shall support the measure. , . OF MEETINGS. 1\. That the yearly meeting be on or near to. the Feast of St. Martin, November 11th. 2\. That ordinary meetings be held every month ' at each Branch House; at the Central Branch on the first Tuesday at 8.80 at the E. Branch on the second Tuesday at 9.30 at the S. E. Branch on the third Tuesday at. 8.30 ; at the S. VV. Branch on the fourth Tuesday at 9 ; and that of every such meeting the business of the month be laid before the Members and a collection made, to be devoted to the objects of the League. ' , 3\. That every meeting begin with the fjords Jrrayer and end with with the Aposties' Creed. 4\. There shall be a religious service on July 4th, or about St. Martin's Bay. OBJECTS OF THE LEAGUE. Love to God. and man. To God— by endeavoring to lead good lives. To man — by having at heart the common brotherhood of humanity, and trying to live up to the principles of fraternity. A EULE OE LIFE TO BE AIMED A.T. 1\. To say prayers morning and evening, grace before and after meals, and the League prayers once a-day. 2\. To attend Divine Service at least once on Sundays. 3\. To receive Holy Communion once a month. 4\. To keep a conscience void of offence. 5\. Never by word or conduct to bring religion into con tempt. 6\. Never to ridicule the religion of another. 7\. Never speak ill of another, except when obliged for the sake of truth. 8\. To keep in mind the Baptismal vow : to resist ' the world, the flesh, and the devil.' WOEK TO BE DONE. 1\. To assist in church or school when desired by the clergy. 2\. To influence for good young men and lads on entering the service. jpersuading others to be baptized, confirmed, or commu- mcated, as tlie case may require. 4\. Forwarding any work ior the glory of God and the good or man. 5\. To encourage and help one another in the objects of the League. OEDEE OF ADMISSION. livery Member shall be admitted by the President or War den, or by a Member appointed by one of them. Q. Do you here, in the presence of the Members, undertake to obey the Eules of this League ? A. I do. . I admit thee to be a Member of the League of St. Martin, m the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holt Ghost. Then give hiw the badge and medal,' Eeceive this badge of thy membership, and take heed that what thou dost promise m word thou wilt fulfil in deed. Our Father, &c.; LET US PEAY. O God,, Who knowest us to be set in the midst of many and great dangers, mercifully grant, that after the example of Thy holy bishop St. Martin, we may live to Thy glory and the good of one another. Through Jeshs Christ our Lord Amen. Almighty and Everlasting God, Who hath put into the heart of this Thy servant the desire to belong to our League, grant that he may both continue in this oor fellowship, and have grace to fulfil the duties of the sapie ; through Jeshs Ohridt our Lord. Amen. 