The Sketcher. Atheism in the Domain. Shortly after 2 o'clock on Sunday the Freethinkers, Atheists, and Adullamites began to gather round the steps of the Agricultural Hall, in evident anticipation of ' a feast of reason and a flow of soul.' It was understood that there was to be a pitched combat between a youthful Atheistic champion eager for distinction and a weatherbeaten mediator from the Christian camp, and the event was looked forward to with relish, the habitues of the freethought ren dezvous having latterly been satiated wifh the monologues of Mr. Day, whose eloquence, however admired by a few, has palled upon their appetites, just as perpetual meals of toffee weaned the palate of Lieut. the Duke of Dunstable. There must have been fully 2000 persons thickly packed on this particular spot at 2.30 p.m., and certainly a more heterogeneous collection of humanity it would be difficult to lay hands on. Working men, shopkeepers' assistants, clerks, sailors, hawkers, loafers, and larrikins are here, cheek by jowl. The latter are in large force, smoking and expectorating j but, save for the utterance of the colonial shibboleth from time to time, they are not particularly offensive. They are better behaved here by for than at the meetings of the simple evangelist Cocks, near St. Mary's gate. Judging by appearances, the majority of the spectators come from motives of curiosity and amusement, and to hear the broad personalities that are freely bandied ahont. Others are inquirers, gropers after truth, who view the countless sects of Christianity as armed against each other in the pursuit of a problem which to them is impenetrable, and who would gladly exchange doubt for dogma if by so doing they are not called to abnegate what they term their ' reason.' They I can no more believe in the supernatural than a collie can understand a mathematical problem. Hence they are the easy prey of garrulous men who devour Paine, Voltaire, and Bradlaugh, and to gobemouches utter the principles and epigrams of those ' worthies 'as the mintage of their own. genius. Presently Mr. Osman Day appeared on the scene, and his arrival created much the same sensation as the entry of a minister into church. Though there is nothing clerical in Mr. Day's appearance, he is so clean-shaven, alert, self-sufficient, and knowing, that if he only wore a velvet coat a stranger would inevitably ask him if he had ' a little dawg ' to sell. He is a countryman of Mr. John Browdie, immortalised as the husband of Miss Squeers's friend ; but his overboiling facetiousness often tempts him to speak in the Skibbereen dialect, with effect to be ' beter imagined than described.' As a linguist, the Goliath of Atheism is a disappointment. He nodded in a friendly manner to a gentleman familiarly known as the Ghost of Bradlaugh, who sat on the steps, and he produced some food for his mind in some copies of the Freethinker. ' Is it the prosecuted one ?' eagerly asked Bradlaugh's Shade. ' Yes,' said Mr. Day ; 'but we must be on our guard, for I had it from a man who ought to know, and who told me in a friendly way, that there's parties on the watch for anything on which to hang a prosecution.' The Freethinker was absolutely gloated over with delight ; and as some of its contents were read by Day, others were enabled to share his felicitous knowledge of blasphemy. The thing was illustrated, and for revolting hideonsness of conception transcends anything that has ever been published by the past masters of profanity. The inci dents in the Bible are lampooned, and the Creator himself is caricatured throughout. There is no wonder the miserable rag was prosecuted and suppressed, and yet there are people outside the circle of its admirers who regard the fact as fraught with danger to our common liberties. It is ques tionable whether such a publication would have been tolerated in Gomorrah. At 2.30 Mr. Picton, who had undertaken to champion Christianity, took his stand on the 'platform,' and between him and Mr. Day ensued a wordy altercation as to the conditions upon which he was to speak. Mr. Day, who was voted chairman, intimated that Mr. Picton had accepted a challenge from Mr. Easton to discuss the thesis of the latter, ' That Atheism is more conducive to morality than Christianity,' and proposed that the former should open iu the negative and be limited to half-an-hour, while Mr. Easton should be limited to 10 minutes for his reply, remarking that the Freethinkers desired to give the Christians the utmost latitude, he for one being quite willing to be converted by logic. Mr. Picton repudiated any such understanding, and objected to be dictated to. ' I made up agreement to discuss Christianity with this young Hebrew,' indicating Mr. Easton by a gesture. ' I came here to deliver an address, and am wilting to discuss it with any one afterwards. When Mr. Easton made the proposal 1 distinctly said 1 would discuss Christianity with a proper person — (sensation) — and I am ready now. . But without any disparagement to him, I say he has not read enough. He is too young. He is but a bey. Look at him !' (Eves instantly focussed upon Mr. Easton, who blustered violently.) The chairman insisted upon his law. Mr. Picton then refused to recognise any chairman. He would speak untrammelled by conditions. The Chairman: ' Then I am afraid we must do a bit of stonewalling. (Laughter.) Mr. Picton is not going to keep us here till dark, suddenly to discover that he has to go to church, and so leave us no time for reply.' Mr. Picton disclaimed so crafty a design. At this point Mr. Easton rose, and energetically protested against Mr. Picton's assumption that he either had not read enough or that he was too young. He should be judged by his words, not by appear ances. Other men had been young. Benjamin Disraeli lnui been young, and was unable at the outset of his career to obtain a hearing in the House of Commons, but he pro phesied that the day would come when they should listen to him, and the 'prophecy came true. His analogy between a midget and the illustrious Lothair immensely tickled some of the audience, and brought to recollection Canlfield, the ' boy politician,' of Melbourne, a sprightly youngster who invariably garnished his speeches on Berryism with refer ence to ' me and Beaconsfield.' ' He's quite right,' said one. ' Let him have his fling. Picton himself was born in leap year, and therefore he's still under age.' ' Mr. Picton obstinately persevered. He was not bound to ' that young Hebrew,' although he would not ignore auy thing the young zealot might say. He had lectured before on the faliof Babylon ana gave time for reply, and would do so now, giving every one the same time as he took him self. (Cheers ana dissent.) The Chairman: 'Yon won't do it here. You want to exhaust yourself and then go away, like Davie Buchanan, for a cup of tea to strengthen yourself .' After further discussion, however, the chairman suggested 10 minutes' shifts in the way of discussion as being the spirit of Mr. Picton's offer. That gentleman contradicted such an interpretation of bis words. Then ensued a perfect Babel of chatter, amidst which a new chairman was pro posed and elected — a fact of which Day refused to take cognisance; and, remarking that Picton was not going to bamboozle them simply because he was a Christian, he began to ' stonewall' by burlesquing passages out of the Old Testament. Eventually Mr. Picton retired to the shade of a neighbouring willow, tatting with him two or three hundred in the freethought crowd, to whom he demon strated that of all the 'isms' Atheism is the most unreasonable, dark, and cheerless. It is understood that Mr. Day, like Mr. PerTy, aims at getting into Parliament. If strength of lung and aptitude for coarse cut-and-dried repartee be qualifications for office, he would beat his idol M'Elhone hands down for the PremiersMp. Bradlaugh's Shade, discussing his friend's chances as a senator, opined that he wouldn't get a hundred votes. 'Uo, not enough to eave Ms bacon.' There is no originality in the man. He sponges up the opinions of all the leading infidels, and, parrot-like, repeats them as the produet of his own thought, scarcely changing the diction. Ostensibly this rendezvous is for the puiposesof discussion, but in reality it ia used by Mr. Day to air Ms endless loquacity on every subject, from theology down- wards. There is an unmistakable consensus of opinion that the proportion of discussion is as the ' halfpennyworth of bread to the intolerable deal of sack,' and while some few wonder with admiration at Mr. Day's verbal diarrhoea, embryo orators who fear his ridicule listen with smothered exasperation mantling over their damask cheeks. Mr. Day began on the subject of Pharaoh and the hardening of his heart; and while des canting on the qualities of Balaam's ass, in a secondhand time-payment blasphemous sort of style, was arrested by some one in the crowd likening himself to that historical animal, to which he gave a retort in kind. Resuming his discourse, he became entangled with the story of Jonah and the whale. Leaving Jonah, he pounced on to the Garden Palace fire, and the arrest by a detective of a man on suspicion of ' foxing ' in Hyde Park, in the course of wMch he vindicated the detective. Now he got back to Scripture, and tied himself into a polemical knot about the Tower of Babel. On this Mr. Day became almost eloquent, because the subject was congenial. He is a builder, and all his metaphors and most of his thoughts are bricks. It seemed to him preposterous that so futile an effort to reach heaven should have been checked by a confusion of tongues, inasmuch as when the Tower reached a certain height it was bound to fall by the laws of attraction. According to his calculation, yon must travel at the rate of 300,000 miles an hour to reach Elysium. This possibility being too remote, Mr. Day took a mental running leap, got into the Garden of Eden, again dragged poor Eve's fatal conversation with the serpent into the garish light of day, and brought up short again on the old poser as to who was Cain's wife. All this to the immense delight of the larrikins, whose aroma was very noticeable. The navigator Noah did not escape criticism ; and the orator's remarks on the Ark brought a Scotchman to his feet with the assertion that Englishmen did not know anything about naval architecture. Mr. Day at once conceded that Noah was a Scotchman, as history declared the Ark to have been full of certain minute insects. Some thing like a fight now occurred in consequence of one of the congregation having had his hat tipped off and kicked at. A few blows straight from the shoulder, and the crowd closed in again. This sort of re creation kept the crowd occupied till about 5.30. It was a dead heat between Mr. Day and nightfall: who was the better for all the vicious 'twaddle, it would be difficult to surmise. The proceedings ended by the ' Hebrew' again throwing down the gauntlet, figuratively, and re questing some friend of Mr. Picton's to pick it up and present it to that gentleman. As the bulk of the crowd passed through St. Mary's gate, there was the indefatigable Cocks at Ms Sisyphian labours, pausing from his reading of Spurgeon's ' Sword and Trowel' to deplore the depravity of the authorities, and condemn them to eternity for neglect ing to check larrikins and to protect his property. The question persistently arises, in contemplating this state of affairs: was the Domain intended for either buffoonery or tub-thumping, and is any good of any kind resulting from their toleration ? To prevent the use of the people's parks for preachments of all kinds would of course be denounced as a tyrannical encroachment on the liberty of the subject. That liberty is already limited by dozens of salutary regula tions. Suppose religious zealots and Nihilists alike were told to provide themselves with halls for the purpose of pro pagating their ideas, would much harm be done ? M. 