A MODEL FATHER. BY DAVID CHRISTIE MURRAY, Author of " A Life's Atonement," " Joseph's Coat," &c.; [Published by special arrangements with the author! All rights reserved. Chapter XIV. In the year 1879, at the Mudpool Hall oE Thespis, Mr. Pelham Yane appeared in a round of Shaksperian characters, and attracted some attention among the local playgoers. There were Mudpoolians who had been to London, and there were some of these who had seen the great actors of the present and the past. At the Mudpool Hotel these gentlemen discussed the style of Mr. Pelham vane, and had various opinions as to the school to which that tragedian he longed. He reminded one or two of Macready—it was generally conceded that his manner was mellower th^n that of Mr. Phelps—and reminded others of . the great Montgomery Bassett. Mr. Pelham Vane when seen off the boards was elderly and seedy. He was attired in black broadcloth, greasy at the shoulders and white at the seams, and his linen was com monly dingy enough to justify its owner's desire to shroud it in obscurity. His lips looked bibulous, and his nose was_ of a pur plish red, whilst his cheeks and chin were of a dirty plum-color with many years of close shaving. He had a very deep bass voice, and a pompous manner, and he talked a good deal about the better days he had seen. It was evident that he was a person of some education, and when he had a little too much to drink he would brag of the great acquaintances he had owned upon a time, and the triumphs he had achieved upon the London boards. There were people in Mud pool, as there had been elsewhere, who had faith in these legends, and there were people who had not. Party feeling ran more than commonly high on the Saturday night which saw Mr. Pelham Vane's last performance of " Macbeth" in the town of Mudpool. Things had been so prosperous during the past fort night that not merely did the theatrical ghost walk on that particular evening, but" the manager, who was honest according to his lights and means, paid up some portion of old arrears. Mr. Pelham Vane walked ponderously into the bar parlor at a quarter to eleven o'clock, buttoned to the chin, and wearing a hat of suspicious gloss. " Good evening, gentlemen," said Mr. Vane. The company murmured a respectful answer, the faces of the guests wore a vacant air, and their eyes looked anywhere rather than at Mr. Vane, That gentleman's arrival had put a sudden finish to an animated dis cussion upon his artistic style, his personal bearing, and his antecedents, and for a moment the Mudpoolians, who were not a rapid people, had no other topic ready. Piper, the miller, a sober man enough as a rule, nad somewhat exceeded in his potations, and in those circumstances was. apt to play the hard-headed fellow, not to be put down by clamor, and determined to express his owrl convictions. His compeers had been content to let him talk noisily to himself in a corner until nowj and Piper, observing the lull, but being too far gone to take cognisance of its cause, addressed the conclave. "Woio you'll listen to reason," said the miller, with a corkscrew motion of the thumb. '' Bashet ? He's no more like 'Gomery Bashet than I am—no more like than: chalk's like cheese." Mr. Pelham Vane turned and surveyed the speaker with a startled look, and it was plain to everybody except the drunken - miller that the actor recognised himself as-the subject of discourse. "'Gomery Bashet," pursued Mr. Ripei*, rejoicing in the silence. " He'd have scorned to have come anear a place like this," said the miller. ' '.He could ha' kep' his carriages and his horses if he'd ha'minded to." "Hehad a soul above ostentation," said Mr. Pelham Vane. "He'd got a soul above you," said the drunken miller. " Tom a friend o' 'Gomery Bashet's? Why, he wouldn't ha' looked at you." The player made a step forward, with his right hand clawing at the breast of his tight buttoned, thread-bare coat. " This is the first occasion," he said, in his slow-rolling noble tones, "on which I have heard poverty and misfortune insulted in the presence of an assemblage of English gentle " Piper," said Mr. Bonner, the linen-draper, "if you don't know how to behave yourself, there's them as does." . Gall, the saddler, stated audibly that he blushed for Biper. "And I hope, sir," said Mr. Gall, addressing the player, "that you'll have one with me, sir, if it's only to take- the taste out of your mouth." "I thank you, sir," said the play-actor. "Scotch hot, Mir. Povey, if you please. I have the pleasure of taking it at this gentle man's expense." The host handed him the mixture, and he bowed round, glass in hand. " Gentlemen," he said, " I hope, as sweet Will hasit, that we shall drink down allunkindness. So far as I am concerned, I canassure you that no praise of my dear old friend Bassett can offend me. I knew him, gentlemen, in his boyhood., I watched his dawning genius. I stood by him in the hour of his success, and to me alone is entrusted the secret of his retreat. I was, and am, so poor as you see me, his bosom friend." "Look here ! I don't care !" cried the drunken miller, rising and struggling with. the friends who endeavored to keep him down, " I'm not a-going to: sit still all night long and hear this feller bounce and brag and talk nonsense. Him a friend of Bashet's? I tell you to your face," he cried, shaking his fist at the player, " he wouldn't ha' looked at you, or spoke to you, or anything like you. Don't tell me." Mr. Pelham Yane saw that the general feeling of the assemblage was with him and against the miller. He felt that it would cost but little to be courageous. "It would ill become, a friend of Mont gomery Bassett's, gentlemen," he said there fore, " to wrangle in his name in the parlor of a public hostelry. Scotch hotj Mr. Povey, if you please." A hand was laid upon him from behind. " Thanks, dear boy. At this gentleman's expense, Mr. Povey." A commercial gentleman from London, a young man of much experience of life, and highly respected in Mudpool for his business and his social qualities, was seen at this junc ture to draw forth a memorandum book and to scrawl a line upon a blank page. This he tore out, and having folded it, threw it across to the drunken miller. " Can't make it out," said the miller to his neighbour. " Was he say?" The neighbor, with raised eyebrows, gazed at the brief scroll and whistled. Then he whispered behind his hand to the miller, and the miller laughed scornfully. " I say, mister," he cried, reaching out a hand towards the player, "perhaps you'll say you are Bashet in a minute. There's a cove in the room to back you." The actor glanced round swiftly, and for a moment his watery glance rested on the young man from London, but he said nothing. " That Bashet 1" cried the miller. " Look at him!" For once in his life Mr. Biper created a sensation, and every man in the room stared from the actor to him, and from him to the actor. Mr. Pelham Vane, adding a little cold water to his grog to reduce its temperature, took it at a gulp and pushed the glass towards the landlord. It was noticed afterwards how pale he grew, and how his hand shook at this juncture. " That's Montgomery Bassett; is it!" cried the miller jeeringly, with his head craned over the table in the direction of the com mercial man from London. •' Yes, sir," thundered the player's voice, "I am Montgomery Bassett. Myself am Naples. Buined by the devices of my only child, cast forth so low that wrens make prey where eagles dared not perch! I thought my spirits were stronger than my shames, but I am vanquished." And the great tragedian, turning, flung his arms on the mantlepiece, and (hopped his head upon them, scattering a pot or two, and making havoc with a dozen of long church wardens. The company sat and stared at all this with a look at once amazed and guilty. The saddler was the first to recover, and he rising from his scat, put his hand in his pocket, and withdrawing it, dropped some thing with a jingle in the landlord's palm. Then he cast his head, with a shamefaced, sideway nod in the direction of the fireplace, over which Mr. Montgomery Basset leaned with heaving shoulders, and with another shamefaced jerk, directed to the company at large, he took himself out of the room. The ironmonger rose. also,, and from his pocket drew a something which jingled into the landlord's palm. Then arose the drunken miller -and went through the same pantomime, and in a minute or two the room was clear of everybody but Mr. Mont gomery Bassett and his landlord. Mr. Bassett's shoulders were still heaving convul sively, and his head was still resting on the mantelpiece amid the. ddbris: of the long.; churchwardens, when the landlord touched him on the arm, and the actor, slowly gathering himself into an erect posture,-, picked up his hat, and with one hand cover?:' iDg his eyes began to grope his way from the") room. "Before you"go, sir," said the landlord, feelingly-; "it's an inappropriate moment,. sir, but it may. be the only , one,. and the . gentlemen of the. town; sir, who have seen your performances, sir, desired to present you with a little.testimonial, sir. The ,sums are h'c-re as I received them, and perhaps if you will "buy for yourself; sir, some little -remem brance of the place—a pin, or a, ring; or any thing of that sort .that may please .you—you will fulfil the intentions of the subscribers, sir." The landlord had never been so quick witted in his life before,- and the little false hood might not be charged very heavily in the account against him. Mr. Montgomery Bassett's outstretched hand accepted the money the landlord slipped into it, and a minute later he was gone. Mudpool saw him no more, and if his landlord found the little bundle' of soiled linen a poor payment for a fortnight's rent, why, everybody knew how disturbed the great tragedian had. been by bis unexpected recognition, and nobody thought very ill of his forgetfulness. (To be continued.) 