Wollongong Railway Station. Tlie 'Wollongong Railway Station Standing Committee- met on Wednesday evening, in the Council Chamber, there being present Messrs. G. Hewlett (in the chair), J. Biggar, T. Lewis, W. Osborne, F. Woodward, W. J. Wiseman, P. Mackel, A. Campbell, W. J. Poulter, D. A. M'Donald. Aquila Parsons, and the Secretary (Mr. James Browne). The Sub-Committee, consisting of Messrs. Woodward, Hewlett, Lewis, and the Secretary, laid before the meeting it draft memorial for presentation to tho Minister, requesting that tho railway lino from a point a short distnncn north of tho Mount Pleasant tramway, 113 now survoyed, should turn to tho eastward, Cross ing Fairy Creek ii little north of where tho Mount Pleasant bridgo spans it, pro ceeding thenco along tho eastern slope of Smith's Hill to the harbour and tho Green, near tlio Roman Catholic Church, and from thoro to Unandirra, via Spring Hill. Tho memorial sot foi th that this route uould bo pioCerablo lo onp'ahing the western sido of the town for soveral reasons. It would connect the railway directly with tho shipping port — an import mt consideration in ro»ard to tho shipping of cmil j it would ohvieio the const ruction of 11 iiiahch lino to tho harbour ; tlie land requ'ied for flic line would bo much less costly than that on the wo-Morn side, and not loss than, 'nb'iut two miles of the route would Ik- through Crown land. In addition to th»9e reason- which l'ecouiineiulod the proposed unite, one brides of no Hi-sat mai'iiitiid ovcrFairv Cioek and a culvert on lioarsbn's Creek 611 or nvdr the Common would bo all the budging required, wheieas on tho western lotrte no'vMnai kod there would hive to.bo five bridges (over Fairy Creek, Woollard's Creek, Ghost Creek, Keira Creek, and Figtree Creek). The memorial pointed -ont that tho eastern route would iii reality not lie much lunger if; a branch lino fr.im ihe latter route to tho port were taken into nccount. And it held that thin and tho fact that about two miles of Criwn luli'l could bo utilised for tho lino should I10 'strung rons uis, with othors 'mentioned, for tho adoption of that route. Tho memorial was adopted, on motion of Mr. W. Osborne, seconded by Mr. P. Mackel. It having transpired that Alderman Perry de clined to be one of a deputation with Messrs. Woodward and Lewis to present, tho memorial, n difficulty arose in rogard to appointing a third member of the deputation, Messrs. A, Campbell and A. Parsons, who were proposod, declining to advocate the eastern route suggested by the memo rial, but expressing thoir willingness to contend for tho lino being brought ,-is near to tho west of tho town as possible. Eventually Mr, Poulter consented to bo one of the deputation, which it was agreed should interview tho Minister after bio return fiom his present tour in tho interior and the opening of the railway extension to Hay. 