THE JEWS GIFT. . ~ A.D. 1200. . THE Abbot willed it, and if was done. They hanged him high in an iron cage For the spiteful wind and the patient sua To bleach him. Faith, 'twas a cruel age J Just for no crime they bangod bim there. \- When one IB a Jew, why, one'remains A Jew to the endy thongh he swing in. air From year to year in a suit of chains. 'Twas May, and the buds into blossom broke. And the spple- bonghB were pink and white; What-gruesome fruit tsas that on the oak; - . bwaymg and swaying day and.night ? • The miller, urging his piebald mars Oter the croBS-road, stopped and leered ; But never an urohm ventured there, . For fear of the dead-man's long white beard. A long-white beard, like carded wool, \- -Baachmg.down to the very knee, Of a proper Bart with wbich'to pull Ahereuc Jewto the gallows-tree. Piteous women-folk turned away, : Having no heart for each a thing; But the blackbirds on she alder-Epray For very joy of it seemed to eing. Whenever a monk went Bhufflmg by To the convent over against the hill, He wonld lift a pitiless pious eye, And mutser, "Tne Abbot but did God's • will." And the Abbot .himself slept no whit less, ' But rather .the more, for this his deed; And the Hay .moon .filled, and the loveliness Of springtide flooded npland, and-mead; Then so odd .shing chanced. A certain . clown, : .-.••' - •: On a certain imornieg breaking stone ' By the iull-esde, eaw, as he glanced iown, , Tun* the heretic's long white .heard, was gone— Shaved as clean and close as you ohoose, - AB cloEe end clean as his poliehed pate Like wilttfire. spread tLe marvedous news From the alehouse hench to. the convent • gate. ...... - V Acd the good folk flocked from far and near,: And the inonfee wooped aofin tlie roclty height; - ' - •"-' • • • > 'TWSB a miracle, that was very clear— Tbe devil had shaved the.Israelite ! Where is the Abbot t Quick, go tell! Sammocs-him, knave, 'sdeath l lBtraight- ..:.• way .!:'•• ' :•'' : ,The Devil has sent his hsrber from hell,: Perchance there will be the Dsvn to pay ! Now a lad that had climbed an alder-tree, The better to overlook theieBt, Suddenly gave a shout of glee At finding a wondrous-blackbird's neBt, Then suddenly flutig it from-bis hand, * : For lo I it was woven of human' hair, Blaited and" braided; strand npon strand— No marvel the heretic's ohm was bare 1 -Silence feil upon priest and clown, Each Btood nvetted in Sis place; The brat that tugged at his mother s gown Caught the terror thaf blanched her face. Then one, a patriarch, bent land grey, Wise with the grief of years fourscore, : Picked np his staffj and tooi his way - By tbe mountain path-to the AbbotV door— : And bravely told this thing of the .nest, How the biras had never touched cheek or eje, But d&ialuy; piuiiked .the fleece from- the breast ... • To build a home for their young thereby. '< Sorely, if they were not afeard • . (Goa'e.little ehoristeie, free of guile !) To serve themselves-of the.Hebrew's beard, It was.thafc he wasnot wholly .vile .I - • : • ; " Perhaps they saw with their keener eyes The grace which we missed, but which • * • God sets— • • :••'-: Ah; but he reads all hesrts likewise, The good in those, and the guilt IU these, -.Precious is mercy, Ohvmy lord 1'V -.-.•-., v f .vHumbly.the Abbot bowed his head, i Andi making a gesture of : accord;— . , n s • " What would -you- have ? The' tnave is dead" < ".Oertes, Ihe man is dead? No doubt . . Deserved to die—as a Jew hedied— But now he ba'h served the sentence out (With a dole or two thrown in beside), r: ; Suffered ah that ho may of men— . ;::' Why not earth him,,and no mora words •The Abbot pondered, and Bmiied;~and.then— ' "WsU, well! since he gave his faeaid :4o the birds 1" —Tsoiris : -BAttE^' AtxiBiPH, in the 0laniU Monthly. : y i . ~ '•!' ' • i ' - ^ v t I . -THE BOSIE. OP. OGILVIES,—Some curious statements are appearing m reference to'a ^•watmngi" al csed to •have:'preceded i the 1 ' death, of "Lord Airlie out -Wesfc lnilie Aiiiiefamily the death-token is the beating' of»drum, and this signi! has frequently 1 > heen heard hy reputable - witnesses: The late Norman^ 3ffiacleod;'.thevfamous:j feditor ot -Good Words, lent the D-CI^TH; of hie testimony to come ozcent to it. Others-; •declareihat- jnsti'befora .tne-death of -Lord Aarhe's -(father, in-1849/they-were Btaymg'- atA.-irhe'<5asfclej^-®orfarshirje,:and:i.eai , d 1 ; the:. myfll"erious: mueic -loae;'' -before they' were aware ; that-he' /was? dying in'Iiondoji;' It is also repotted that the ghostly drammer-boy waB^again •heard juet tieJore 'fclie' deatk of.tfee late peer m Colorado. One Ol; iheservants-heard-it first initiie corridor,: and it is^aid tbat ihe sounds also'reachedthe room of Lady Airlie, whose great prostration was partly -caused by this dread£ulTisitor.~i , 'I!hc ! affaiiiihas:. to s considerable: v«orrospondence'"f"fln sthft' subjects of ghostB, OTaithe and second-' ight—i®whwife. 