TOT THE BUSH. I tin but a snapper-up of unconsidered trifWs. — shak-peabe. " Tis merry in the hall When beards wag all." This fragment ef a jovial old English Ballad sprang to my mind as I stood at the « - 7. Iti 1 4 — .... Ana dftTT Inst. Mi or tne nearer a .tnno -j . Meet. (My ideas generally do spring into fife thus, even as the fabled Minerva sprang folly armed from the brain of J upiter. ) I fed walked in, with my usual unostenta tious demeanor, and beheld four backs in a row, belonging to iour oi uui citizens. One casting his eye obliquely over his dexter shoulder observed, ''Hallo; here's Bill ; "come and join us !" and I gracefully ranged alongside. Taking a cursory view along the rank, I could not but observe with some regret that all these profiles were -more or less adorned wit patriarchal beards, which, like that of the ghost of Hamlet's father, as describe,, by Horatio, were " a sable silvered, and the majority more silver than sable. I he prospect induced some melancholy retro spection. Thirty years ago, when we all ran a race to be first on " the diggings (there were no gold-fields or miners then), wan might travel from Uan to tseersneoa, or fro in Melbourne to Echuci to be ucricily topographical, and a grey beard would have evoked surprise and comment. A quarter of a century has altered all that. Many have dropped by the way , but enough have survived to furnish every town with a fair supply of " potent, grave, and reverend seigniors," though envious detractors will assert that some of them only answer to the description, as the Hollanders mentioned by Hamlet as being " potent in potting." But this is but idle lander. Some of them are not so far advanced, but that beauty may deign t-. mile upon them, and if they exclaim with Falstaff, " I am old, I am old," will find a dull to reply, " I love thee better than e'er . o.nron it mi nor Iviv of them all." Ab- sorbed in these reflections, I unconsciously stroked my -,wn hirsute appendage, which one remarking, smilingly observed, ' Looks Eke winter coming »n, Mr Notts ; snow beginning to fall ! " " Yes, truly 1 I re plied, " but you m«v have observed in the progress of the human race that when the Whites appear, the blacks retire before them." "That's so!" broke in another, "but it is a pity a man should ever grow eld !" " Perhaps s-»," I remarked reflec tively, " but then you kuow it's the on ly way to lead a long life. ' " Bill's right, as usual," was the unanimous verdict-, and we drove in another nail and dispersed. It is curious that, just when in Australia we are seriously pondering en the neces- aity of legalising the use of the ls!i for ®ur larrikins, the authorities in England are dispensing with its infliction in tha army and navy. This looks well. fl atways seemed to me most degrading th.it men who are willing to hazard ilK-ir lives in defence of their country should be Subjected to sucn pumsiuneui.. o-ir. l am Very doubtful if the. substitutes propogrd will be any more acceptable to Innnani tarians. It appears as if we were retro grading to the barbarous punishments of bygone centuries, when "' riding the wooden horse, thumb screwing. and picketing" were in common use by military —"fcinets, who were wont to exclaim, with Shakspearo— " If there be »n» canning ornei'y, That can torment him m'tch ami hold hm J long. It shall be bis." Thus I read in the rules for summary punishment under the Army Discipline Act (1831) : — " He may be kept in irous, i e. iu fetters or handcuffs or both ; and Stay be secured so as to prevent his escape. When in irons he may be attached for a period or periods not exceeding two hours in any one day to a fixed object, in such a Banner that he must remain in a fixed position — Straps or ropes may be used for the purpose of these rules, in lieu of irons.' "When Genrgo III. saw Hogarth's painting f the March to Finchley, he failed to realise the humor, and was indignant at rrn ar/1 a Koi n rr rnnrnaQnfml o a infAvi. cated. " Doubtless, your Majesty," sug gested Lord Bute, " the picture is intended ss a burlesque." "What, what !" ejaculated the king in his imperfect English. " A bainter burlesque a soldier, he deserves to be bicketed fer his insolence ! " And this picketing was no joke. It consisted in suspending the offender from a beam, with bis bare toe just resting on the sharpened end of a stake. " Riding the mare foaled of an acorn " consisted iu setting him astride of a thin plank, Bhaped as a horse, with two or three muskets slung to each anMe to steadv him in his neat W« bn,r« I abolished these exquisite inventions of eruelty ; but are we improving on them. Imagine the feelings of a human being Compelled to remain for only two hours a day in a climate like that we have had the the last month or two " in a fixed p<«ition " ; with a swarm of inquisitive £es exploring his face, while a legion of enterprising ants investigate his ex tremities. Even the devil in a brain-fever, or those orthodox divines who still cling to the theory of "sulphur and pitch and tar and resin, " could scarcely conceive wore excruciating torments. When Richard the Lion-hearted sailed for Pales tine, a thief on board his fleet was con demned to have his head shaved, then meared with tar, over which was gprinkled a liberal allowance of feathers and to be set on shore at the firsc land. So that Coeur de Lion anticipated our American cousins in the art of " tarriBg and feathering " by some seven centuries. He who wounded another had his right band struck off — an effectual means of topping his pugilistic propensities — and murder was punished by tying the mur derer to the body of his victim and heaving them overboard, by which justice was expedited and the trouble of a "crowner's 'quest " avoided. Yet these seem te me aomewhat more merciful than the long, Kn/pcrinor Atrnnv nf f.hA rtftur af.u)n nf nnnicii. "5 o o v w Hv4V V1 neat. It will not be a very tempting prospect for a raw recruit, any way. And talking of military matters reminds we that " our lively neighbors, the Gauls," aa Mr Micawber termed the French nation, are no more to be congratulated an their commissiariat arrangements than iheir friends or rivals the English. I can well remember the outburst of public in dignation when it became known that our troops in the " cursed Crimea" were suf fering more from a lack of proper food and dothing than from the weapons of the Russians, while at the same time cargoes cf warm clothing and provisions, even luxuries, were crowded in the harbor of Balaclava, and were left there to rot and poil. As "Punch" represented one oldier in the trenches informing another that medals were to be given for their ser vices, to which the other, looking grimly down unon his "looped and windowed wretchedness," replies, " If they are not Very quick about it, we'll soon have no coat to hang them on !" The unfortunate French troops engaged in the miserable Tunis invasion seem to be just as com fortably provided for. Falstaff objected to march through Coventry with his ragged regiment, who had only " one shirt and m half," but comforted himself with the reflection — "No matter for that, they'll find linen on every hedge." Bat the French have not even that forlorn conso lation, as the .Arabs are not yet sufficiently , caltivated to .indulge in the luxury of a " hiled rag," and" the few rags they do as sume are rever enhjected to any cleansing process. Perhaps the introduction of a few Chinese washermen might effect an improvement. I present the idea to any one in search of n new speculation. But the most sublime absurdity of all "ft as a lieu an officer in command of a station in the desert complained of the scarcity of water, and his superior liberally sent linn a sup- pi V of pontoons. Possibly that commander had a fine scuse of humor, and as pontoons are useful in crossing rivers, imagined they might somehow be serviceable in provid ing the necessary element. As an ex quisite joke or a stupid blunder, I don t know which, the incident stands unrivalleu in my conuc repertoire. I am glad to find that the drought has not impaired the crop of local poets ; on the contrary, the elevated temperature appears to have stimulated the production, as your poet's corner is rarely vacant. As I dabble a little in " the pierian spring" myself, y«u may anticipate some ill- natured remarks on my part ; but fiat justiiia , &c.; I hope I can appreciate and applaud real poetical merit, and to this class I assign the charming poetess of Rockalpine and the melodious bard, Anno Domini (at least, that is what I have always understood the initials A.D. repre sented). The versifier of your show is funuy ; but, like many more geniuses, he will not be trammelled by the rules of prosody. His Pegasus will not trot com fortably in harness. At first I had a vaue misgiving haunting my mind that the Black Springs poet was taking stock of the fair Tadmorites ; but no, the style ,va3 inimitable. When again shall we be charmed by the strains of his tuneful harp, or is it for ever silent, like the ' Harp which once iu Tara's halls, ' &c.; 1 I trust not. I love to hear the wild outpourings of the unfettered muse, even as the Yankee poet sang — S -anti the h-wipi?. rine th- tnnjjn, \Vik-: the iazzy-guzzy, be it ihegoog- gong; Let the ku I liosaan h ring. Turn turn, liinir-'. bioifO birn. BILLY NUTTS. 