OUT OF THE FLUE.* BY HENRY KENDA HE was young wlieu he entered that sphere, Where tlie pleasures of sin are attained; And a devil came close to his ear, And whispered, and tempted, and gained. On the world with the eyes- of a child He looked. It was little he knew; And the sharks who were after hiin smiled With joy. at the plunder in view. By chance he was suddenly placed Where life is a fever-a Jluiue, And plausible rascals made haste To rob him, and bring liini to shame. From green quiet forest-lands hurled Into city, he needed a guide; But he hadn't a friend in the world, To thrust the black tempter aside. He had money-a fortune indeed: But.money meant ruin to him, For he followed a blood-sucking breed Into dens of iniquity-dim. At tables of cards and of dice, He wasted his means ; and he knew But the glare and the glamour of Yico In nights full of glittering dew. Ah ! often he lingered in tears, While morning walked over the sea, And thought of the beautiful years, Wheu his mates were the torrent and tree. But ever Acliitopliel stood, With shining Aholah between The spirits of evil and good; And the past became brightness unseen. One day when the drink smothered thought, He met with a sharper named Holt; And, maudlin and muddled, he bought A big, but an ill-looking colt. But a stable-lad whispered, " Depend On my word, there is stuff in The Scud; He will win a great race in the end; But Holt doesn't know he has blood." . In a moment of trouble supreme, When worried by creditors coarse, Hope flashed on his heart like a beam He thought of the boy and the horse. And full of line purpose, he said " I will cast the foul devil away, And lead the white life that I led In the light of the happy old day." Next moriiing he spoke to the youth; And the boy rubbed his hands in his glee, And said-with Ms eyes full of truth "Just leave him, my master, with me! The colt must come out at his best; ? And when saddle and rider are up, He will make the fast Star of the West, And the rest of them, move for ' The Cup.' The Cup was tlie race of the year, And twenty grand horses were in. " The Scud," cried the "touts" with a sneer, " Is sure to be last in the ' spin.' " But owner worked hard with the lad ; And pale was the sufferer's face: The chance was the last that he had He had hazarded all on the race. The day of the meeting was dark With bitter wild wind-driven rain The Star has come lit to the mark," Said the mob, " and he'll win it again !" The betting was brisk, when the horse Of the season came out of his stall, A dozen were backed on the course, But The Scud wasn't mentioned at all. The flag fell away in a roar, And tlie twenty went off in a pack; But soou there was seen to the fore, The mare with the purple and black. By Barker's she quickened the pace With a feather-weight close at her side; "In the ' straight, she'll be out of the race," A cluster of knowing one's cried. At the turn of the track, on the grey Young Jones took the running m hand ; But he " died" at the Corner away, And Pyramus led by the Stand. But out by the back of the course, The blood, unaccustomed to yield The Star-the invincible liorse Kan up and showed heels to the " field." But the mare lty Olympus, from Jane, Came 011 with a rush by the gate; And the Semi dashed along in the rain, And was locked with tlij Star in the straight. A thunder of cheers from afar, Met the three coming smothered with mud " The lilly-the (illy-the Star ! The chestnut-the filly-the Scud !" With the Star on his girth in the sludge, The Scud under whip at the post, Went Hashing by Stand and by Judge, With a boy on him whiter than ghost. Yea, there, amid clamour and cheer, The colt, full of courage and strength, Pulled off the great race of the year, From the "crack," by the half of a length ! And there, on that prominent day, The owner fell back at the last, And shivered and fainted away He had suffered so much in the Past. The strain had been heavy indeed, And the world for some moments seemed dim;< But past was the season of need The Scud had won thousands for him. * Suggested by a chapter in Lomj Odds, by the late Marcus Clarke. 