MISSED IN THE CROWD/ By "A.C.," Authob ot "In Two Yeabs' Time,' " Dinah," " A Mebb Chance," to. Chapter xyx, too late. All control of the situation, however, waa very soon taken out of Hugh Lonsdale's hands. Be went to bed for a few hours after part' ing from Mrs. Stanfield, and tossed about ia an agony of restlessness, asking himself what be should do—how he could bestserve ^ii» beloved, whom he could not claim a& nis. One thing be was determined he would not do—he would not leave Glenora. He would stay where be could keep some watch over her safety and welfare, while she was in the hands of her present guardians, and, m fate gave him opportunity, he wonld be her un seen protector against them, and against the troubles that he foresaw' awaited, her; He would not abandon her, in her isolation and helplessness, on. that weak pretext which re presented conventional duty in such an emergency. She Bhould know of his mar Tiage at once—he knew that Mrs. Stanfield would lose ho time in telling her—and for the rest they would trust each other, This was the only direction in which he coold see anything like a', straight' path before him. He rose early in the morning, and went out with Mr. Brett for a long day's work. He had been neglecting all business during the last few days, and now he was determined to make up for it After all, a man had his work, thank Heaven!—the daily food and physic of heart and brain, and be found great comfort in bis efforts to master the principles of,station management, and in'learning the significance of the details at present requiting his attention. At four o'clock he Hatae bomhr'refreshed in spirit but tired in body^affd went to his bedroom in the kitchen garden tp have a bath and change his'clothes. Since, nooh a north wind had sprung up, exhausting even, to bis' sinewy frame, and he was very anxious to know how the invalid was bearing it But he was not anxious to see her. So, whta he had made himself comfortable in freah linen and his IfghteBt morning suit, be entered the cool, dim house and made his way to the house keeper's . room, there to institute inquiries ann.aBk for some slight equivalent for his lost lunch. Bis knock at the door was sn'Swered by Mrs. Lee herself, puffing and sighing and fanning herself with her band "O. sir, is it youf abe axckimed • v I'm i 'you have not, come any top soon t •egtsiir all the care we have took of her ? And he a doctor, too, that out'ht to know better !" "Ib she in her bed to-day?" asked Mr. Loned&le.; He waB very crave and quiet, but be was thinking rapidly, and his heart was beating faet. " Well, eir, Bhe may be on the sofa, but she's in ber room, anyhow. Look at the weather—poof! it's einugh to melt the flesh off your bones. It makes her feel as weak as water. She hardly touched her dinner, and she looks like a ghost. Mrs. Stanfield wouldn't let ber try to do her hair or get dressed—unless tbe wind changed. The idea of taking her out of doors, and down to that noisy, stuffy little house, where there is no woman fit to do for ber! Yon must go and talk to the doctor, sir—he sorely can't know the rights of it. He mast think her a deal stronger than she is." Mr. Lonsdale, forgetting all about his Innch, and that hamper of iced shandygaff— moet humble bnt most refreshing of mid summer beverages—for which he had just now been craving, tnrned away immediately and walked towards the drawing room. In the hall he met Mrs. Ellis, hobbling painfully np and down, leaning on her stick. The old woman waited until he came up with her, and then Bhe tnrned and shook her etick with a gesture of savage menace at the closed door near her. " I won't go in," she said, her heavy old frame trembling with excitement, "1 won't go in, or I shall fall foul of that rascal, and then he'll make the child suffer for it. 0,fyou sneaking villain, its you that threw dirt at my poor girl who demeans her self in letting yon stand in the same room with her ! and now yon'd like to get her into your clutches, would yon ? But don't yon let him, my boy—-don't yon let him. This is your house, and she is of age—don't you give her np to him, until she is better fit to stand his bullying than she is now, unless yon want to Bee her muddled into her grave after all." "What does he want? What is the matter?" asked Mr. Lonsdale, in a low, quick voice. " Why, she has thought fit to get rid of that conceited young jackanapes at the bank —and a good job too—and Lovell wants to punish her for it by dragging her away from here, where he knows Bhe is happy and com fortable. I expect he wants to try to make ber marry him, whether or no. Ah, my man, I wish it was me yon had to deal with !" And she shook her Btick again at the closed door in a way that made Mr. Lons dale feel grateful for the self-restraint which had left the control of the situation to her 1 daughter—a self-restraint that tbe old woman must have found it a sore trial to exercise. He left her in the hall, not daring to advise her to rest and compose herself elsewhere, after promising to circumvent Dr. Lovell to the beet of his power, and sending a vague message to Helen that he had no doubt it would be all right. And he walked quietly into the drawingroom and closed the door ; behind him. The first person to meet his eyes was Annie —Annie, limp, and flushed, bathed in tears and perspiration, Bitting in Mr. Stanfield's favourite chair by the fireless hearth. Both the windows were closed from the north wind; the Venetians outside and tbe blinds within shnt ont the son that glared on the baked-np garden from the western end of the room, and only in Nelly's recess behind the screen did a dim, religions light come in, just enough to show the forms and faces of the little gronp to one another. It fell most strongly upon Mrs. Lovell's high colours, and particularly upon her agitated countenance, and revealed to Mr. Lonsdale the comforting fact that she, at any rate, was not a willing participator in any evil designs against Helen. He tnrned his eyes qucklyon the doctor, and immediately felt tbe Bpirit of old Mrs. Ellis enter into him. The dull, stiff, formal man was showing his native self, stripped of artificial disguises. There was a swagger even in his motionless pose, as he stood by the central table facing Mrs. Stan field, and the anger on hie usually smooth face was offensive and insolent. The young master of tbe bouse inwardly prayed that he might be able to keep his temper, while he looked at his coadjutor to see how she had managed it. Mrs. Stanfield was an admirable figure at this moment She stood on the hearthrug, with her back to the fireplace, drawn up to her full height, a brave, stately, capable woman—more handsome than he had ever seen her, because more alive and vigorous. She was ronsed from the grave and pensive diguity of her ordinary de meanour ; the light of battle was in her face; she was full of strength and energy for the conflict that had been forced npon her, and yet bore herself with a serenity and self-pos session that were obvionsly impervious to anything that coarse boor before her ought venture to say or da He caught a glimpse of the young, and happy girl, passionate and fearless, who had charmed poor Dndley Stan field so many years ago. She turned to him as he entered the room with a bright, quick look, intended to warn him of the gravity iofl the situation. He returned her glance at the same moment, and then walked towards Annie with out stretched hand. " How do you do, Mrs. Lovell? You are very brave to come out in this weather," he said, pleasantly. "O, Mr. Lonsdqle, we haven't come fofr pleasure, I assure yon," replied Annie, smiling and whimpering, and looking with a fearful curiosity at her finsband. Then Mrs. Stanfield broke in. " Dr. Lovell has come to take Miss Fitzgerald from us— from my mother and me," she said, in her clear voice, "and I am trying to explain tp him how very unfit she ib for a hurried re moval, especially on a day like this." " Bnt Harvey wouldn't insist until it was cooler " " Hold your tongue," roared Harvey, tam ing promptly on his wife; " I shall insist on what I choose. I beg you to understand," he continued, addressing his host and hostess, who now stood side by side, "that I am her lawfnl guardian, and that 1 have a right to dhern demand her return to my protection. " My dear sir, I don't for a moment pre sume to dispute yonr authority," said Mrq. . Stanfield—she had assumed the rdk of mis \- trees of the house and eras trying to keep her friend in the background—"and of coursfe Helen has no idea of staying after she it strong enough to go home, though we should be glad of her society as long as possible. I merely object to this haste, as certain to be . injurious to her." [ " As to to at, I think I am tbe best jadge.r > w*a the doctors ready reply. "Iwishlba ■ sued a little more haste and taken her .awi ; weeks ago. It wonld have been better for hi f tpl fiirdl of Uif " Why!" inqnited Mr. Lonsdale suddenly. " Because, ehe wonld not have had hej tfiinirSfttoaed,"' retorted the doctor, " an ?&eoifi;^!to'dn£tac6 bhrself afid1 kgingtobeiyaasbe hasdpne,And , ifhe chMjtaterXbear o Stanj •he wnd1 still | with Bet teeth, trying to keep himself quiet ; i for his darling's sake. " I think this dia 'ua- j 1 eiot> has gone far enough. If you will take a : seat, Dr. Lovell, I will go and help Helen to i make her preparations. I presume you don't ; wish to expose her to a north wind and a 1 blazing sun on her first going out of doors j after such an illness as she has had? You j will wait, as Mrs. Lovell suggested, until the ' cool of the day T' I " I have no time to wait," he replied ! doggedly. " My wife has made all necessary arrangements for protecting her from the : sun." i Mrs. Stanfield stood silent for a few ; seconds, while Mr. Lonsdale turned and 1 looked at her with eyes full of rage and despair. She had a short inward struggle ; with herself, and then she faced her foe i bravely with an imitation smile of friendli nese that the most deceitful woman in the { world could not have improved upon. "Coma ; Dr. LoTell," she said cheerfully, " you and I ; have known each other too long to quarrel ■ over a little thing like this. I she you are j annoyed with Helen for breaking off her i engagement, and that you think it is my fault—I can quite understand that you are vexed. Bnt you are too manly and gentle manly to wreak your vexation on a poor sick girl, or to wish to insult me after I have done my best to serve you. Let ub make a compromise. You go home now, if, as you Bay, you are too busy to afford the time to stay with us, and let me bring Helen back to yon to-morrow. You know what a Boft, easy baggy we have here—we can make her as comfortable as if she were on a sofa, and I will take as much care of her as you could do yourself, and bring her quite safely. Don't you think, as a doctor now—and I know you understand, as all doctors do, the import ance of sleep in this stage of convalescence— don't you think she ought to have a good night's rest, especially after such an exhaust ing day, before she undergoes all the fatigue, of dressing herself for the first time, not to speak of the drive—her first drive?" Mr. Lonsdale, helpless to support or assist this line of advocacy, took the opportunity to retire quietly from the room—for the same reason that had induced Mrs. Ellis to absent herself—and he went away to his own bed chamber, shut himself in, aqd raged Bilently until be had relieved his pent-up soul a little. From this retirement he heard the welcome sound of the Lovells' departing buggy, and then he returned to the house and met Mrs. Stanfield in the halL " May I be forgiven," she exclaimed, laugh ing, while her eyes brimmed over with wrath ful tears, " for all the lies 1 have been telling. I have done more for Helen this afternoon than in all the weeks that she has been ill Ah, well, poor little soul, I don't grudge it I have spared her from falling into that man's hands until he has had time to cool down into something like reasonableness, and I have secured her one more quiet night That is something, if it isn't much." " And must we let her go ?" he inquired eagerly. " I fear so. Indeed, my dear boy, I think it is best" She went a few steps down the hall, for she was in a hurry to rejoin her Eatient; but she turned back, and laid her and on his arm, and looked kindly into his troubled face. " Don't yon ?" she said gently. He did not answer, but, after a pause, put a counter query, slowly, "Does she know yet?" " Yes, Hugh. It would not be right to let her remain in the dark." " No, of course not I am glad yon have told her." Then he itood, anient, looking at her, his eyes full of questions that he did not dare to pnt into word a And Mrs. Stanfield had the answers ready—"She knows too late—she has given her heart to yon "—bnt equally she did not dream of uttering them. 