; TEE WB3LETAN CONFERENCE,. Monday, 23iu> Jaxuaiit. The Wcslcyan conference continued its sittings it Wesley Church, tha Rev. J. Mil l:nu presiding. rHe proceedings were opened liy the Her. J. G. ttoyce. -The. minutes of tie? proviona sittings were road and confirmed. The following pastoral address of the conference to the church was road by the Rev. Samuel Ironside : — "Tho Pnsforaf Address of tho Conference the Members of the W&dcyan; Methodist Church in Victoria and Tasmania. — Dear l'.rethren. — Grace unto you, ami p-nec from God our Father, ami the Lord Jeans Christ.— It is again our dmy and onr pleasure to address you. The excellent church system which God in His good ami wise Providence bos given us makes us peculiarly one pastorate and one pcoplo. This, our uunuul address to you, is therefore specially appropriate. Our first duty for onrsolvcs and you is thankful ness. We give thanks to God the Pa '.her, and the Son, and tho Iloly Ghost, fi r all Hi good ness tous and yon through another year. llo hath done all things well.' Wo wor.Ii again tell yon of our anxious care and rolicitmle for yon. 'How we live if yo stand fast in the Lord.1 'God is our record, hour greatly we long after you all in tho bowels of .Wis Christ.' 4 Tho God of ail grace, who hatii called us to Ilis eternal glory by Christ Jesus, mako you perfect; atablish, strengthen, settle you.' We uo not xnect hero in conference to define and fix the teaching of our pulpit, h hat was done by onr' fathers. We loyally accept the doctrinal standards they have taquenthed as a precious legacy. We are satisfied that wo have in those standards 'the faith which was otico lor all delivered to the saints.' 1 So we preach, and ao yo bolievcd.' This unity of doctrinal teaching which exists instil tho Methodist churches from tho beginning is God's special gift, for which we cannot bo sufficiently thankinl. It is our steadfast purpose to walk in these 'old patts.' The past ye:(r 1ms witnessed the conipicti >n of the groat work of the committee of revision of the New Testament, and the result of their in valuable labor is published. The committee, con sisting of some of the most learned and able mi nisters of the truth, representing nil the churches, wus at work for ten years. It is satisfactory to be assured that after this most patient and painstaking research, tho great spiritual and eternal verities of the Gospel are wore accu rately defined and very materially strengthened in tho revised version, .Noire oi the tun-lr.incntnl troths had to be surrendered. Zion'sstnuighuhls ' are impregnable. Truth is eternal. It could never be that the interpretation of God's Holy Word must vary with the shilling uspeeU of the time?. 'He that hath My commandments and kcepeth them, ho it is that Ioveth Mc.' is as lrv.o to-day as when Jesus spake the words to His disciple. So is ihe uncompromUiug statcmen t of at. Peter, when before the council at Jerusalem — 'There is none other name under heaven, given among men, thereby we must be saved.' We have peace in onr borders, and a very gratifying amount of pros perity. God, who givcth the increase, ' hath pros pered His word, and made it prevail.' In many of our churches there have been 'showers of bles sing.' After filling up a lurge number of vacan cies occasioned by deaths (141 of these arc re corded), by the removals of members to other localities, and by the defection of many whose love has. grown cold, wo arc thankful to find there is a clear gain of 391 members, and 2120 who have been received on trial for membership. This is the greatest number which has been Admitted on trial in ono year since the begin ning of oar work in Victoria and Tasmania. To God be all tho praise ! During iho year the roost important and influential gathering ef the Methodist Church since its establish ment has been hold in London. Four hundred representative men, from its various branches, came together from all parts of tho world in the month .of September. That was fitly called on coearacnical council. It will he a his toric event, marking a memorable opoclt in tho progress of our churches. Tho statistics pre sented to that council show that Uicjq arc now 26,000,000 of adherents to Methodist churches in the world. Ono hundred and fifty years ago not one of these churches was in existence. Jn wonder and gratitude, the cry nmy well be raised, 'What hath God wrought?' Shall this spiritual revival continue, ami spread wider and wider, more and more? There is nothing to pre vent it if Methodists are faithful and earnest. 'Let us walk by the same rule, and mind the name thing,' as did our fathers, always remembering that our ono business is ' to save souls, And 'tb spread scriptural holiness throughout the world,' nnd we shall surely prosper without bnvjngp resort to questionable methods to. bring it about. God will honor ilis own truth. 'God shall bless us, and all tho onds of the earth shall fear lliui.' 'lite only cause of ioubt and anxiety is in the feebleness of spir ituu I life of many who 'profess and call themselves Christiana;' and the manifest in< onsiktoney of their walk and conversation. These things do more to weaken our hands, nnd to strengthen op position, than all tho attacks of scepticism anil profanity from without. He it youra, dear brethren, to 'live a godly, righteous- and sober life' ' As ye have received tho Lord Jesus, so walk ye in Him.' 'War a goad warfare,1 witness a. good confession.' He ' blame less and harmless, tho sons of God with out rebuke, in the midst of a crooked and perverse nation, among whom shino yo as lights in the world, holding forth the word of life ;'and in this way build up a living testimony for the truth, 'which nil your adversaries shall not be ablo to gainsay or resist.' We would specially counsel yon to enter into the full salvn- tion of God. This is your gracious privilege, your bounden duty. It is positively enjoined upon you, and is freely ollcred to you through Christ Jesus. ' Yo arc' not ' complete in Him' until you realiso it. Press then, dear brethren, into this ' glorious liberty of the children of God.' 'Tho very God of pence sanctify you wholly. Faithful i3 Ho that caileth you, who also will do it.' Bo diligent iu the use of the means of grace. Attend daily to private prayer, self-examination, nnd a systematic rending of Holy Scripture. -Regu larly cull your families together for devotional exercises. .Redeem the timo for this uiost im portant duty. Business claims ought not to come into competition with this, your rolenm obligation. ' Ye fathers, nurture your children in the chastening and admonition of the Lard.' In the absence of any regular provision for re ligious trniniug in our State schools, it is incum bent upon you to be mindful of this. Ko enact ments of the late legislature can remove from parents their responsibilities to their children. Forget not 'the assembling of yourselves to gether, as the manner of some is.' Be punctual m your attendance on the public and s<vLd wor ship of tho church. Let no trilling thing keep you from the house of God. Watching ' for your souls, as they that must give account, we beseech, for your own sake, for tho Church's sake, for ChrisL's sake, ncjcct not your weekly class meeting. Is there nothing you cm do for God? Put this question to your selves. In the vineyard of tho Lord nil are laborers. Every member of the Church should be at work. ' Wo all can do something for Jesus.' Consult with your leader, or your min ister, on the matter. No doubt sonio work in tho church will bo found for you, and ' whatsoever thy hand lindoth to do, do it with thy might.' During the present year we hope to supply a long telfc want in our educational appliances. The Mothodist Ladies' College buildups aro being erected in the pleasant, healthy suburb of Hawthorn ; and wo oxpect to enter them vory shortly, with a most able president and excellent teaching stall. We commend this-instilulion to you. Let it have your kindly consideration and your earnest prayers for its success. We entreat you to take a deeper interest in, and show a more manifest sympathy for, the foreign mis sions of our church. They are 'our glory nnd icy.1 Tens of thousands of once savage and barbarous heathens have been, by this instru mentality, brought to 'tho feet of Jesus, clothed and in their right niind.' There is a far larger number of Methodist Church members on onr foreign mission stations tlnm in all Au9lrulasia besides. Our brethren and sisters who arc la boring in those fields deserve our sympathies and prayers, They have many difficulties, dis couragements and privations. Remember them in your intercessions with God. Look kindly on the pagans whom God, in Ilis wise providence, hits permitted to come and dwell among us ; and aid, by all the means in your power, thoso who aro seeking to save thorn. Good success is attend ing their labors. Our Ghinc.se mission is afield which the Lord hath blessed. It will he to your honor to help in its sustcntatiou and extension. Be firm. in your protest against tho nhoundings tif goJlessufiss. Let your witness bo clour und strong against intemperance. Medical science has proved that the daily use of alcoholic beverages weakens and undermines the health, and tho annals of tho church painfully show that inulti- t»? ics have, by their inordinate use, been dragged down to uposlacy and ruin. Should you not, iu tho light of these facts, carefully ponder whether it L riot your duly to abstain from the u<e of uvoholic .stimulants? Maintain the rc>i and sanctity oL the Lord's day ; do no crvilo work therein ; avoid all unnecessary travelling. The same authority which forbids stealing, lying and other deadly sins, prohibit also Snh- Kah-breaking. Set your faces firmly against all gambling and doubtful modes oi raiding money, professedly for church purposes. It is doing evil that pood tnny coiuc. The end can never s-mctify the uso of such weans. Into Iho political ques tions of the dty it is not our province to enter. Our church is not u'politicnl propaganda. Rut we would have you, in the exercise of your electoral rights and duties, to look iuto the personal elm meter nnd habits of the men who sack your suf frages. Lot. your choice, as far as possible, lull an him who believes and obeys tho IUM.« ; who fear's God, And keeps Ilis eommandmcaU ; and with whom you are persuaded that thc.interots of public and social morality will bo in sale kcepiug. The joy of onr conference has been chastened by tho sad los.i we sustained in the flarlv part of hist year by the removal from our links of one of our mrciuost men, a faithful and beloved brother whoso 'prui.se is in the Gospel jp nil the churches.' The Rev. Joseph Water- ftoi\e had earned a good degree by his labors in Fiji, and in our colonial churches. In all probn- " ' .be lived, he would at no distant jjeallcd to fill the highest oilko But it was not so to be. By fii all-wisu providence of God, linkers of the Now Zealand . finny others, lound a wuteiy III- east coast of New Zealand. Inter upon another year of labor : Leihren, pray for us, thai the \ X4U ? P may havo Crtu course uul bo I glorified.1 'Now the God of. pence, that brought Again from tho dead oar Lord- Jesus, that fireut Shepherd of the sheep, through tho-blood of the everlasting covenant, tnakn you perfect in every good work to do His willwerktng in you that . which is well pleasing in nit sight, through Joans Christ, to whom ho glory' for ever and cvef. Amw).' John G. Millard, President of tho Conference. Upward I. Watjun, Secretary. ' Thcaddrc?, which was followed by a discus sion, iu which it received marked approval, was adopted by the Church in Victoria. TrrspAW 2hn JANI-ART. Communications from the United Methodist body and tho Bible Christians, recipro cating proffers of brotherly anion, w?ro received.- Tho report of the Ilome .Mission . Fund was then read by the llcv. Spencer Williams. It set forth that tho total income of the fund for tbc past, year amounted to £US23 Is. 2d. , and the expenditure to £183113. 3d., leaving a balance for distribution of £1048 7. 6d. The report was adopted.. Some lengthened dis cussion took place as to the appointment of a paid general secretary, which question 'was not iinallv decided. Tho Rev. John Watsford wnn by a large majority oloRcd general secretary to the Home Missidn. At the afternoon sitting Mr. Oakly presented the report of the contingency fund, which shewed a balance of £74 30s. in hand. The report was adopted, and votes of thanks pu&sed; to Mr. Oakly and the Rot. W. A. Ouiek. Tho remainder of tho After noon was takon tip by the consideration of too report of the llev. ,T. Harcourt on the slate of tho church property in Victoria. Tho report showed that during tho past year twenty-three acres or land luid been acquired, and twenty-four churches had been erected at a cost of £3023 33. fid., leaving n debt thereon oi £1312. Ihe newly-crcctcd churches had siUingaecominoaatiom for 2211 persons. Five parsonages had also been ercMcd at a cost of £2672 fis. Pil.', the debt on which was £1006. Four schools had iiIfo boen built, to accommodate 850 scholars, whiohjuul cr»ht £615, and on which a debt remained of £17o. The bidancc-Wicot showed a grow capital ot £30,723 34s. lOd. A doficioncy is shown in the balance of £80 RB., but is merely un accountant s deficiency, which shows in consequence of a change in the method of keeping tho accounts. Burins the year 12 new loans had boon made to parsonages nnd 22 to churches, being n total of 32, while 33 had been closed by una! payincnt. The number of loans now in operation is 340. The evening meeting was occupied by the loriniu final reading of stations. The Rev. Francis Nc.ilc, of iTuhrau, was uppoiuted chairman of Horbm Collccc. 