INTERNATIONAL CRICKET; ENGLAND V. VICTORIA. LAST DAY'S PLAY. . .. THE ENGLISHMEN VIOTORIOUR. Tho match was resumed yestorday at hoou on a wickot that turnod out to bo much mora dead than had boon supposed. This, together with tho absonco of Slight, who was. still unable to taka nnv tiarfc In Mm mni.li — i n... bad light in which about ouo half of tho Vic torians batted ill thoir second innings, loblwd tho contest of any intorost that it might otberwiso havo had, and nothing oan now bo oxpootod but a docisivo victory for the visitors. On Saturday tho English men had lost fivo wickets for.- 201, and ,on such a wiekot as that of yostordoy it was con sidered doubtful whothor tlioy would bo ablo to top tlio Bcoro of tlioir oppononts. This idea was more strongly ontortaihod when Sootton was disposod of after nlnotoon runs had boon added, for it is genorally obnsidored that aftor him couios tlio tail. Eminett, howover, playod well, and in a most mioxpootod manner Poato camo off; and chiolly owing to tlio assistanco tboy gavo to Shrewsbury, tho tontli wickot did not fall until 285 hod beon obtained, so that in thoir first effort tho EngliBlimon were 36 to tho good, Tbo .inning3 of SUrowabtiry, who mado 72 and oarriod his bat, was certainly tho mnstorpieoa of tho innings, for from first to last ' he batted with Btoadinoss and confidence, and nevor'gavo the ghost of a ohanoo. Tho bowling of Boylo and l'almor yostordsy was capital, but tho Englishmen had cjnsidoniblo luck, several of tlioir wickets boing shavod moro than once. Tho Victorians commenced their second innings with somo very fast sooring.nnd M'Donnell and Blackham appeared likely to maka a good stand; but the former let ono from Midwintor by, and had to rotiro. Horan did not appear at homo at first, and indeod through his innings did not play up to his best form. When Bates wont oil, however, tho wickets bogan to fall rapidly, and as tho light became bad thoro was a general collapso, and the innings in tho abBOnceof Slight closed for 03, winch is oer- tainly far below what ought to be oxpootcd from tho Victorians ovon against iino fielding and snporb bowling and in the absonco of Slight. At tholoast they Bliould have beon worth 150, even allowing for ail this. Tho doadnoss of tho wickot and tlio b.idnoss' of the light towards tlio ond must tiioroforo be held respon sible for tlio small score mado. It is quito cloar now. that if tho wickot be any thingdoad tho Victorians do not bat at all up to thoir form, while it does not so groatiy intorfero witli tlio Englishmen whilo at tlio wickets, and groatiy favors thoir bowling. This is a result, that is only natural, for Australian crickotcrs gonorally play upon the truest and liveliest of pitoheB, while tho Englishmen, owing to tho nature of tlioir climato, must oneountor a fair Blmro of soddoned wickets. Thus, in playing in Australia, they have an ndvnntago whonevor they como across a dead wickot, and aro none tho woiso off whon tho pitch is lively and true; for it should bo reraouiborod that batsmen who can mako runs on a dead wicket should bo able to compile big scores whon ovoiything plays truo. In this match tho Englishman have bad anothor slice of that luck which has attended thorn sinco their arrival in tlio colonies. Tboy aro unquestionably the hotter toam, bat the rain and tho accident to Slight gavo' them a still further advantage, and convortod what should have beon a well-contested match into a hol low victory. Nearly ovoryono was prepared to find Victoria occupying a baok Beat on this occasion, lint tboy are not satisfied that tho ' result would liav'o been such a crushing detent as it is likely to bo hod the match been played on its merits. 