V.H.O. AU'CVMS MlilCTlNG. (KIIOM OUIl MKI.UOUHNE COHHKMl'ONDEMr), THIRD DAY. Saturday. 11th March. The weather was fairly favorahlo for the conclud ing day of the Autumn Meeting, although almost too'Warm for out-of-door amusement. The attend ance at the course was, however, far from largfj, there being probably less than ten thousand persons present all told. Of course, the All lingland Cricket Match waa in a great measure tho cause of the lack of public patronage in the present case, and it was rather a pity that the match and llie races wore thus brought into con currence and competition. Au rcste the racing was good and a very excellent day's sport was enjoyed by those present. The first event was tho Second Nursery Handicap which was taken by Coulston a rank outsider, Vaucluse and Sainoara being his companions in honors in that order. The n'-xt race was tho Newmarket Handicap—tho event par exrcllence of tho day— and in this caso an unusual amount of interest in tho contest was excited by tho largeness of the field, no less than 30 horses having face 1 the starter. Once more the laurels fell to an outsider. Hyacinth, Hesperian, the favorite and a "hot" one too, i eing literally " nowhere." So large was the number of horseB well uu at the finish, th.it the judges had considerable hesitation in placing tho second and third horses, but thoy eventually d cided that Euclid and Larpent had passed their box next to Hyacinth in that order. The Town Plate fell to Commotion, win took the lead soon after tho fall »f tho flag, and was never caught, Wellingtougetting second place and Progress third. For the All- aged Stakes, out of sixteen horses colored on the card, only four, namely, Alland-jr, Solitude, Mistaken, aud Napper Tandy entered into competition, and they pasted tho judge's box at the finish in that order, Allander being landed an easy winner. The Steeplechaso brought out a liao field of nine horse', and after an interesting contest, in which, for a wonder, there waa only one tumble, and that not a sorions one, the event terminated in an easy victory for l'wi ight, Chrysalis coming next, and L'icy third. Tho meeting was brought to a satisfactory close with tho Handicap for three and four year o!ds, which was won by Duchess, with Drummer second and Waterloo a good third. His Excellency the Governor arrived shortly aftcf one qVJock, and ro ipaiueil the greater part of the afternoon. The following aro the details :— Second Nuhseky Handicap.—A sweepstakes of C sovs. each, h. ft., with 150 added. For two years old. Seven furlongs. Mr A. K Finlay's b c Coulston, 7st (Gainsford) 1 Mr F. Woutworth'a b f Vancluse, Gst. lllhs. (Burton) 2 Mr T. Brown's g c Saionara, 8st. ... (Pigott) 3 Tho other starters wore—Sylvanus, Brilliant, King of the Vale, Magnet, Scipio, Goatovyek, Granville, Jack-in-the-(Jreen, Gardenia, Loiterer.' Nulquine, Treasure Trovo. Betting—2 to i Sylvanus,' f( to I Sajonara nnd 'J'reiyiuro Trove, J to } to 1Q to 1 othppa. After a good start Nulquine was the fjrst tfi shqw in fyont, with Wostevyek next, and qll others well up. At tho sljeds and up to the'turn Goatevyek WHU loading, Nulcmlne having fallen bnok. Jaokdntthe- Qroen, Sylvanus, and Saionara, nil ocoupiod good pusitinna. At the distance Gostevyek waa alroady olearly beaten, aud Coulston and Vanoluso in ooming into the straight passed all tho rest, the former coining in an easy winner, beating Vancluse by two lengths, with Saionara a good third. Tirao—1 min. 2'jj sees. Newmaiiket Handicap.—A handioap sweopstakoa of 20 hov*. each, 10 feet, or 5 only if declared, with 300 added: For three- years old and up wards. Tho necond horse to receive 50 soys,, and the third 20 sovs., out of tho. atuk?, Three quarters of a mile. Mr \V. EeufsunVt' h h Hyacinth, 7st Gib Mr H. Haines's oh h Kuolid, 7at'4!b (Williams) 2 Mr J, Whittingham'a b h Larpent, 8st G.b i:. i.i i.i ... (Murphy) 3 The following alsostartod:—Bathurat, Hesperian, Somersot, Baron Y"!l Muellei', iMulat'.o, Sir Josoph, Josephine, Surrey, Yeldure, Dougalston, Totulisittor, Tumult, Aureola. Gunlld, Ghost, Valotta, Cooroena, liesult, Viking, Westbury, Tiinon, Drummer, Sweot William, Cremorne, Adventurer, titruck Oil, Constollation, iilsinoro, Tyropean, Corinne, Spanish Lady, Game Cock, Cockney, Baalbec. Betting : 3 to 1 to 4 to 1 Hesperian, 6 to 1 Ghoat, 8 to 1 Larpent, 12 to 1 Hyacinth. The largo field of 37 starters—the largest ever known in Australia, was got off well together, and all flew away with a tremendous rush. Hurrey, Somerset, and Sw^.et \Yilliam seeded to lpva » alight adva^'tago at first, hut Hyapinth went lip the rur end of the grand auind, closely followed by Kuolid and Larpent, tho tirat namgd b.ing landed a winner by a length and a half, Gamo Cock was fourth. Timo —1 uiin. 1(1 .J aeca. Town Plate,—A sweepstakes of 10 sovs. each, h ft. For 3 yra aud upwards. Weight for age (with penalties). Maidens allowed 3 lbs. The second horse to receive 100 sovs., and tho third 50 sovs, out of tho stake. Two miles. Mr H. Phillips' b c Commotion ... (L ing) 1 Mr C. G-. Baldoek'a br h Wellington (Batty) 2 Mr Branch's b h Progress (Moore) S, Tho other startero were Salisbury, I}athurst,' D.rebin, Coriolauus, Sweet William, Pell Moll, aud Santa Clans, Hotting i Eve.i on Pell Mell; 0 to 1 Progress, Wellington, or Coir motion. At tho start Wellington jumped off with the lead, with Santa Claus second, and Commotion third. The last-named horse however, soon assumed front position, with Progress and Sweet William follow ing in that order. Commotion, in the meantime, lengthened his lead, aud although Wellington made a fine struggle for the mastery, all his efforts were in vain, Commotion winning by four lengths, with Wellington second, and Progress a good thin\, Timo : 3 mins. 34 sees. All Aged STAKia.—A sweepstakes of 5, sovs. each; 2 ft., with 100. added. For two years old and upwards. Weight for age. One mile. Mr J. Morrison's ch c Allander, 2 y.-s (Sar.ders) 1 Mr E. do Mestre's b f Solitude. 2 yra ...{Hales) 2 Mr W. Branch's be Mistaken, i*yrs (St Albans) 3 The only 'uthor starter was Napper Tandy. Betting: "A to 1 on Solitude, 4 to 1 to 5 to 1 agst anything els.e. Solitude ^ot wjth the lead, but was soou passed by Mi-takou. Allander kept near the front, «iid the three did a good part of tl\e distance nearly abreast, with Napper Tandy half a-doz-;n lengths behind. At the turn into die straight running AUauder cleverly forced ahead, got premier position, and won easily bv about three length?, Solitude being second and Mistaken third. Time—1 min. 4(JJ sees. Steeplechase.—Aliandicapaweepstakesof lOsevs. each, h ft., with 300 added. The second horse to receive SO sovs., and the third 25 sovs. out of the stake. About throe miles. Mr 8. Justin's b ra Twilight, list ... (-jcobie) 1 Mr F. C, Goyder's br m Chrysalis, 9it 71bs, (Battj> 2' Mr P. Glenister'a hi Tfi Lucy, 10.it 12lbs (M'lnnis) 3 Ti\9 following also started;—Great Western, floebu-k. Gazelle, Hieroglyph, Skylark, and Sis-y. Betting: G to 4 Great Weitern, 4 to 1 others. Great Western led un tho fall of the flag, with Chrysalis next, but at the turn .-kylark wank up and ciit out the tunning {or the nest half-mile with Twilight, aud Qrent Western close Before the Is,it turn was reached Tv^'dyht had assumed tho leadership, comparably little change bavins taken Jilao- ';u the position of the ^theva, Cho'.a);- Lucy came up well at the " and ended' second aud third respectively, Twilight winning easily. Time—G mins. u- sees. Handicap fob Threk and Fodr yeah "'^s.-A sweepstake of 10 sovs. each, h. ft., with 2y0: added. Leier course. Messrs Skene Bros, b m Duchess, /st (Hale-) 1 Mr F. Wentworth's be The Drummer, 7st olba (Kiley) 2 Mr i> S. Wallace's ch h Waterloo, 8st 21bs _ (O'Brien) 3 The ether Btarters were Chatterer, Crystal, Mulatto, The Marchioness, Kohinoor, Kesult, Ween, Elsinore, and Gloucester. Mulatto was the first to show in front, aud made the running up to the turn into the straight, when he fell tuck aud resigned to the Duchess, who beat The Drummer by a couple of lengths, Waterloo making a fair third. Time—3 mina, 12J sees. This event brought the day's programmo and the Autumn Meeting to a close. 