PRESENTATION TO HIS LOR9 SHIP DR. SHORT. The members of the standing committee of the Anglican Synod assembled at the church office, Leigh-street, on Friday afternoon, December 30, for the purpose of presenting a farewell address to his Lordship the Bishop of Adelaide prior to his departure from the diocese. The V ery Rev. Dean KUSSELL, Vicar-General (president of the Synod), presented the ad dress, which read as follows : — 'To the Right Reverend Augustus, by Divine permission Lord Bishop of Adelaide. —Right Rev. Father in God— The clergy and representative laity of the Diocese of Ade laide feel the deepest sympathy with you in the conflict of feeling amid which you. sub mit to the will of God in resigning that charge over this diocese, wliich has been maintained during so- long a series of years. They ai*e well aware that you cannot without pain bid farewell to scenes which are crowded with sacred recollections, and in which so much of the happiness of your life has been found. But they rejoice with you in the establishment of so many institutions of lasting value, which will continue to dis tinguish the first episcopate in the colony of South Australia as a period peculiarly eventful. Those who come after you will enter into your . labors, and have cause for thankfulness in doing so, although the number of institutions formed can only inadequately represent to them the many houi's of anxious consultation, the difficulties that had to bs encountered, the frequent checks given to the work of the church, the rallying of energy, and the re peatedly renewed efforts to carry all to a suc cessful issue. Your episcopate marks the period of the organization of the Synod with its standing and other committees ; the for mation of a chapter : the establishment of a systrtn of parochial endowments and parochial grants-in-aid, as well as of a clergy, widow, aud orphan fund, and an annuity fund for the disabled ; the recognition by the church of hcnie missions and the Melanesian Mission as having a claim on its annual offertories ; the establishment and growth of St. Peter's Colle giate School ; the erection of a cathedral, of St. Barnabas Theological College, and of ninety-one churches, thirty-three parsonages, and thirteen schoolliouses. The number of clergy has increased to fifty, who have (as your lordship has reminded U3l the assistance of a large number of unpaid lay readers ; and the influence of the church has powerfully told on all philan thropic and benevolent movements through out the colony. It must he .with deep thankfulness, that you recall these results of the 'united work of the church in its three orders, and your P.rayei-3 .will. pot be wanting for those on whom it devolves to carry on the work, and to adapt its form to each transition in our continually chauging colonial life. We share with you in anxiety concerning your successor, and we pray for the aid and guidance of the Divine wisdom when the time shall come for choosinar a chief pastor. For your lordship we trustfthat the pain of the final farewell may be softened by in-' fluencies of love and sympathy, anil that the evening of your life may be f uii oE happiness and peace. — Signed on behalf of Synod by members of standing committee.' His Lokdshbp said, if he addressei them under feelings of strong emotion they would not be surprised on such an occasion a1* that, when he was taking leave, should ho say upon earth, of those with whom he had.worked and seen grow up, and from whom he had received the kindest tokens of affection aad the heartiest assistance in carrying out the work of the church. The feeling of pain to which they had alluded was softened very greatly, and f rom this cause. It was not any personal dissension or difference of oxiinion, or disagreement with regard to the policy of the future that had led him to that parting from them. It was not any dislike of the social condition at which the colony had now arrived, nor was it any personal or social consideration that was inducing him to leave, nor had he anything to complain of in the ecclesiastical state of the diocese from which he was departing ; on the contrary, it seemed to him that halcyon days had graced the evening of his- episcopate. . Some months ?ago there was an exodus from the diocese, and a doubt had passed through his mind as to whether a gracious Providence would fill the gaps in the ministry andsupply the vacant cures ? which had been vacant for some considerable time in some instances, but he was happy to say that by the arrival of men who had been recommended to them, or to whom the diocese had commended itself as a sphere of labor, and as likely to add to their own support and maintenance, and to give them a fair field for exertion in the cause of Christ, the wants of the diocese had been supplied, and the mem bers of the clergy and laity welcomed the new-comers with all their hearts. His health had been such of late as to forbid his taking part, except in a very small degi-ee, in the ordinations and confirmations, but he was happy to say they had been, able to secure the assistance of two bishops from the neighboring colonies, who had met with a cordial reception, and who by their character, honesty, preaching, and general bearing, had tended greatly to uphold the character of the English episcopate. Refer ring to the work which he had been obliged to give up, under the will of Providence, he said although he was now better than he had been, he felt that at the age of 79J years it was vainjfor him to expect to have that vigor and usefulness that would sustain Mm in visiting the more distant parts of the diocese and to do the work of what was essentially a missionary episcopate. Looking at the railroad going through the very heart of the country to the distant settlement of the GumSj and again at Mount Gambier and to the Peninsula and the two gulfs separating them fr6m the western coast , or looking at the spread of settlement from Eucla to the Barrier Ranges, and trending up to the south - west portion of Queensland and the Riverina district, he could not at his age expect to properly attend to the requirements of the advancing settlement, and therefore he felt it to be the call from his Blaster that he should leave the work in younger and abler hands. Though younger and abler, his successor could not be more earnest and zealous in promoting the cause of Christ than he had been, but he trusted that with the grace of God the operations of the church would be enlarged and extended to the uttermost limits of settlement. He felt how inadequate had been their efforts in the past, especially in the Areas, although it was due to the laity to say that they had nobly assisted the clergy in 'their work, and he thanked God that he had raised up men like minded with the clergy to carry on the work under the superintendence of the ministry, feeble and scattered as it was. These were the thoughts which made the pains of parting much less poignant than they would be. He vras leaving the diocese without any un friendly feeling for anyone, and there was not a member of the clergy or the laity, or any other honest-minded man, that he could not recognise and greet as a man and a brother, either on the score of his manhood or his Christianity, or in the broader sense of churehmanship. He had nothing but happy recollections of friendship in con nection with the members of the church, and also others who were not within its pale. He had always been a churchman to the backbone, as he believed that the doctrine of the church contained in itself the germ of the whole body of saving truth and all that was good and holy in Christian life. He did not say that the church was not imperil ect ; he did not say that it had not been secular in its time. He had seen great changes in its character, and he looked forward to the day when, with the development of Christian character, without sacrificing one jot of truth, catholic principle or primitive usage, all Christians might feel they were one in the unity and brotherhood of the Gospel, and he looked forward to the time when the beautiful Gospel anno\mcetacTit woidd be fulfilled — 'Peace on earth and good will to men of love' — that was as he believed it was given in the old version. There would then be found in the great body of those in Christ the beautiful sentimeat of Christianity that would draw them gradually nearer, and instead of being in hostile camps they would feel that they were united in one great cause and work together in the house of God. He did not believe tiiis was a vain vision. He did not know how it was to lie brought about, but he believed it would be. With all these feelings he believed he was doing his duty in giving the work into younger hands than his own, and he trusted that they, M'ho had cordially supported him in tne great worn or developing tue cnurcu m this colony, would also assist his successor in every way. God forbid that he should claim to himself anything beyond a portion of this work. The clergy and laity had helped lihu worthily in carrying out the work and bring ing the diocese to what he might say was its present full-grown state. He did not believe there was any diocese which was more coiut pletely furnished -with the instrumentality of religion than their own. He could look back now to the little struggles they had, and to the doubts and fears and anxieties that pressed them when the State aid ques tion agitated their winds, and they were look ing forward to the blank of a non-established or unaided church, and hardly knew where to turn for help, but he thanked God most devoutly that that great question was carried as it was, and that the church was thrown on her resources, for how nobly had_ she estab lished herself on the voluntary principle. He did not think anybody had done more in the time to place itself in a proper position than the Church of England in this diocese. Look at the list of charities, aud societies, and committees, and funds that they had organised, and which were now in a flourish ing state. He also looked upon the synod as a great experiment, and when ho left London in 1854 he had to seek the opinion of Sir Richard Bethel and other eminent lawyers and a great Irish chancel lor and four of the ablest men of the day, in order to ascertain that it was no violation, of the act of submission of Henry VIII. to hold a conference of Synod in the diocese. He was assisted when he came here, and the matter was discussed long and anxiously and in a hearty and friendly manner, and' they came to an agreement which had lasted for a period of thirty years, and he believed on that basis of the three orders — the bishop, clergy and laity joined together — they had been able to raise up a church wliich was an ornament and a benefit to the colony. He saw that it was utterly impossible for the episcopal func tions to be exercised by one individual in this diocese, and they had prepared the way for creating fresh bishoprics. He did not think they had violated the letter of tlie original endowment, as if the -iioee.-se was to be coextensive with the province he must have coadjutors. They had made the neces sary preparations and started a fund for the purpose, and he trusted that the blessing of God would rest upon this as upon the otLer methods they had adopted for the sjiread of the Gospel through this country. Then again they had never thought of a lay agency. It was a new agency in the work, and he had eudeavored to carry it out ; and what was the result ? They no-v had 130 unpaid gentlemen assisting the clergy, and he hoped no jealousy would arise to prevent them from cordially acting together so far as the limits of the lay agency admitted, aud so far as the rights and privileges and duties of the clergy allowed them to accept their assistance. The work must be conducted under the spirit of God's providence and guidance, and the wisdom which was from above, he had no doubt, would enable them to overcome all difficulties. If they united in the spirit of prayer and asked that God wonld send them a wise, able governor in his place, and they assisted him with the same cordiality and the same manly freedom as they had assisted him, and gave him advice which they beliowd iu their consciences to be true, ami the laity would boldly and manfully express theU opinions, they would form a threefold cord united by the Spirit of God, the sti-and-5 of which cord would not oasily be broken. The threefold cord re recognised in the bishop, the clergy, and the laity, and God forbid that the duties of one strand should entrench upon the duties of the others, but that they might form the strong cord by which the car of the Church, not the car of Juggernaut, might b3 drawa with peace and joy, happiness, innocence, and truth through the land ; that it might be draim with triumph through tlie whole length and, breadth of the province. They had' referred to St. Barnabas College, and - lie trusted. that that institution, would give . , them the means of educating, aocordirig.to : the primitive training of the Church of ? England, ministers who would ' greatly assist in developing the work of the Church ; that the clergy would find it auswer the pur poses of a chapter house, and that choral singing would also be conducted there. He ! Hoped it would serve as a hostel for clergy- | men from distant parts of the diocese who i had hitherto been dependent for accommoda- i tion to a certain extent on the hospitality of friends. He had very dearly at heart 'the completion of the. Cathedral, and he had brought with him a picture of the Cathedral as it ought to be, which he would present' to Synod. He had '- thought of taking it to England, bnt he could not bear to take it out of the colony ; and he hoped the picture— which had been colored by Mr. Elcum— would grace the wall j of the ofHce. He would also hand over to them a picture of St. Barnabas College, and he left the pictures as representing his wishes and designs had his life amongst them beea of ten years' longer duration. He prayed to God tliat the next bishop would be able to complete these works which had been commenced by him. He felt great satisfaction that the Church of Eng land was now flourishing more than ever, because able men had been chosen from the presbytery, and were now in every part of England lending their energy and learning as deans and canons of the cathedral churches to the cause of God. They were the centres of moral activity and parochial im provement, and the churches were assuming a life and vigor which was perfectly astounding to him, ? whose thoughts car ried him back to thirty years ago. He referred to some of the changes that had recently taken place in church life at home, and pointed out that although several eminent men had passed away recently the position of the church was never stronger than at pre sent. He asked why under these circumstances he should doubt that the same good Provi dence of God which had been with them for the last thirty years would still attend them, and why he should doubt their wisdom and desire to fulfil the glory of God. He had no doubt on these points, and he trusted they would pray God to send them a proper bishop in bis place. He was sure they would do their part, and if they sought God's aid and guidance in their work it would not be withheld. Tlie dean having requested him to draw up a form of prayer f or the use of Synod in connection with the va cancy of the See, he had done so, and he would ask them to join in the prayer which, if considered suitable, they would use when he was gone. It would recall to their minds one who had long worked with them, and who had received blessing and comfort while he had been with them. He thanked them for their address, and prayed that God would always attend them. . The Bishop, who seemed very mueh affected with a sense of his position, then read the following prayer : — ' O Lord Jesus Christ, who didst appoint twelve Apostles to preach the glad tidings of salvation to a fallen world ; and afterwards didst choose Matthias in the place of Judas when he by transgres sion fell ; we, Thy servants, desirous to follow the rule of the church, 'built upon the foundation of Thy Apostles and Prophets,' beseech Thee to guide us by Thy Holy Spirit in choosing a Chief Pastor to have the rule over us. Let there be no divisions among us. Let not party zeal cause us so to act as if Christ were divided. With one accord may we strive to choose a man approved of God, who shall rightly dis pense the Word of Truth, and, if need be, correct and reprove with all long-suffering and patience. Be with us when we give forth our lots that they may fall on one who shall be a true successor of Thine Apostles, not in name only, but in deed and truth, to the glory of Thy name, O Lord, and the welfare of this church and people ; who livest and reignest with the Father and the Holy Ghost, one God Almighty, world without end. A men.' His Loedship afterwards pronounced the Benediction, and took leave of the membei-3 of Synod. 