A MODEL FATHER, BY DAYID CHRISTIE MUBRAY, Author of ** A Life's Atonement,' ' Joseph's Coat,' &c.; [Pnblisbeti by special arrangement with the author. All lights reserved.1 Chapter XIV. In the year 1S79, at the Mudpooi Hall of Thespis, Mr. Pelitani Vane appeared in a round cf Shakspcrian characters, and attracted come attention among the local playgoers. There were Mudpoolians who had been to London, and there were some of these who had seea the great actors of the present and the past. At the Mudpooi Hotel these gentlemen discussed the style of Mx. Pelham Vane, and had various opinions as to the school to which that tragedian be longed. He reminded one or two of Macready — it was generally conceded that his manner was mellower than that of Mr. Phelps — and reminded others of the great Montgomery Bassett. Mr. Pelham Vane when seen off the boards was elderly and seedy. He was attired in black broadcloth, greasy at the shoulders and white at the seams, and his linen was com monly dingy enough to justify its owner's desire to shroud it in obscurity. H13 lips locked bibulous, and his nose was of a pur plish red, whilst his cheeks and chin were of a dirty plum- color with many years of close shaving. He had a very deep bass voice, and a pompous manner, and he talked a good deal about the better days he had seen. It was evident that he was a person of some education, and when he had a little too much to drink he would brag of the great acquaintances he had owned upon a time, and the triumphs lie had achieved upon the London boards. There were people in Mud rool, as there had been elsewhere, who had faith in these legends, and there were people who had not. Party feeling ran more than eommonly Mgh on the Saturday night which saw Mr. Pelham Vane's last performance of ' Macbeth' in the town of MudpooL Things bad been so prosperous during the past fort night that not merely did the theatrical ghost walk on that particular evening, but the manager, who was honest according to his lights and means, paid up some portioa of old arrears. Mr. Pelham Vane walked ponderously into the bar parlor at a quarter to eleven o'clock, buttoned to the chin, and wearing a hat of suspicious gloss. *? Gcod evening, gentlemen,' said Mr. Vane. The company murmured a respectful answer, the faces of the guests wore a vacant air, and their eyes looked anywhere rather than at Mr. Vane. That gentleman's arrival had put a sudden finish to an animated dis cussion upon his artistic style, his personal bearing, and bis antecedents, aud for a moment the Mudpoolians, who were not a rapid people, had no other topic ready. Riper, the miller, a sober man enough as a rule, had somewhat exceeded in Inspections, and in tfcose circumstances was apt to play the hard-headed fellow, not to be put down by clamor, and determined to express his own convictions. His compeers had been content to let him talk noisily to himself in a corner until now, and Riper, observing the lull, but beiDg too far gone to take cognisance of its cause, addressed the conclave. '? Now you'll listen to reason,' said the miller, with a corkscrew motion of the thumb. ' Basnet? He's no more like 'Gomery Bashet thaa I am— no more like than chalk's like cheese.' Mr. Pelham Vane turned and surveyed the speaker with a startled look, and it was plain to everybody except the drunken miller that the actor recognised himself as the subject of discourse. ''Gomery Bashefc,' pursued Mr. Riper, rejoicing in the silence, and feeling that he bad at last secured an audience, '?was tbe very finest actor ever lived. That's what lie was. And as for this itlier, wty ? ' Mr. Story, the ironmonger, drove an accidental elbow into tb.3 miller's ribs, aud Mr. Kiper, who was quarrelsome in his cups, changed his theme, aud heaped abuse upon his neighbor. The ouiooksw breathed more freely. There was at the Mudpooi Hotel, as there generally is iu these ca^es. a curious mixture cf conteiiipt and reverence ia the mental atti tude cf the liabit.iie.-i towards Mr. Pelham Vane. There was Ecnietliing, beyond doabt. of the vagabond and the nomad ab rat him , and the JtVludiiooIians knew well enu.i^li why he buttoned his coat so closely. _ And yot there was a divinity teat hedged him, and ia a, dim sort of way they looked on him a? an artist. He was not wholly respectable, but he could co somr-thing which they could not do, and he had had experiences beyond thuir narrow sphere, and something of the glaaioi- of t-lie parts he played still hung about him, ssetly as lie was. 'Scotch whisky hot, Mr. Povey, if you please,' said the tragedi an, in tones char; rilled the room, and left a mellow ti.-ik.li amoag th.? glasses on the shelves. There wis silence again, and the magnificent shabby man turned to the miller. ' i believe I heard you uiika a very complimentary reference just now to ray old friend Montgomery Btssott, s'ny*' he said, 'May I ask where you say him play ?' 'I don't know what lhat'.s got to do with you,' returned the miller. 'I beg your pardon, sir,' s.\id tbe player. ' I was under the impression t hat 1 addressed a gentleman.' ??That serves you ri.!»ht, Riper,' said the ironmonger, and au arorfiiiiig murinsr went round the tcoin. ' Not as I mind answering the question,' said the miilcr, feeling himself iu a mirked minority. ' 1 seea him in Southampton the last time he played there. And I say again — meaning no offence to anybody — he was the best actor as ever lived, bar none. And what I say, I stick to.' Kow there wa3 in this an intentional and obvious insult to the player, and one of the company ttied an emollient. ' Present company is always excepted.' 'I don't except nobody, past nor present,' said the miller, obstinately. ' What I say is, the late 'Gomery Bashut was fiucst actor ever was in the world.' ' I am proud to hear you say so, sir,' cried the player ia his ponderous tones. ''B.i3setfc was my dearest friend.' Tfas miller lookei at bun with scornful incredulity. 'laraproud to hear you say so, sir,' said tlie player again. 'Another Scotch aofc, if you pleaae, Mr, Povey.' 'When one came to look at Mr. Pelham Vane one found signs of wreckage by drmk upon him. When he lifted his glass to his lips his hand shook terribly, and his eyes gloated on the glass before he drank it wish a wfaisky and-wat-?ry gleam. ** 'Gomery Bashett,' said the disagreeable miller, ' was a gentleman.' ' He was, sir,' assented the player. ' One cf nature's noblemen.' ' He'd have scorned to have come aneai- a Elace like this,' said the miller. ''He could a' kep' his carriages and his horses if he'd ha'xoiadcdto.' 'He bad a soul above ostentation,' said Mr. Pelham Vane. 'He'd got a soul aboveyoa,' said the drunken miller. ' Voti a friend o' 'Gomery Bashet's? Why, he wouldn't iia' looked at you.' The player made a step forward, with his right hand clawing at tbe breast of his tight buttoned, threadbare coat. 'This is the first occasion,' he said, in his slow-rolling noble tones, 'on which I have heard poverty and misfortune insulted in the presence of an assemblage of English gentle men.1' ' Piper,'' said Mr. Bonner, the linen-draper, '?'if you don't know how to behave yourself, there's them as does.' Gall, the saddler, stated audibly that; he blushed for Riper. ' And I hope, sir,' said Mr. Gall, addressing the player, ' that you'll have one with me, sir, if it's only to take the taste out of your mouth.' 'I thank you, sir,' said the play-acfcor. 'Scotch hot, Mr. Povey, if you please. I have tlie pleasure of taking it at this gentle man's expense.' The host handed him the mixture, and he bowed round, glass in hand. ' Gentlemen,' he said, ' I hope, as sweet Will has it, that we shall drinkdown all unkindne3s. ? So far as I am concerned, I eanassurc you that no praise of my dear old friend Bassett can offend me. I knew him, gentlemen, ia his boyhcod. I watched his dawning genius. I stood by him in the hour of Ms success, and to me alone is entrusted the secret of his retreat. I was, and am, so poor as you see me, bis bosom friend.' 'Look here! I don't care !' cried the drunken miilcr, rising and struggling with the friends who endeavored to keep turndown, ' I'm not a-going to sit still all night long and hear this feller bouncs and brag aud talk nonsense. Him a friend of Basket's? I tell you to your face,' he cried, shaking his fist at the player, ' he wouldn't ha' looked at you, or spoke to you, or anything like you. Don't tell me.' Mr. Pelham Vane saw that the general feeling of the assemblage vraa with htm and against the miller. He ft It that it wo aid cost but little to be courageous. 'It would iil become a friend of Mont gomery Bassett's, gentlemen,' he said there tore, ' to wrangle in his name in the parlor of a public hobtelry. Scotch hot, Mr. Povey, if you please.' A hand was laid upon him from behind. 'Th&nks;, dear boy. At this gentleman's expense, Mr. Povey.' A commercial gentleman from Liquclon, a ?couug man of much experience of life, and highly respected in Mudpooi for his business and his social qualities, was seen at this junc ture to draw forth a memorandum book and to scrawl a line upon a blank page. This lie tore out, and having folded it, threw it across to the drunken miller. ' Can't make it out,' said the miller to his neighbour. ' Wass he say ?' The neighbor, with raised eyebrows, gazad at the brief scroll and whistled. Then he whispered behind hi3 hand to the miller, and the miller laughed scornfully. ' I say, mister,' he cried, reaching out a hand towards the player, 'perhaps you'll say you are Baahet in a minute. There's a cove in the room to back you.' The aetor glanced round swiftly, and for a moment his watery glance rested on the youDg man from London, but hesaid nothing. ' That Bashet !' cried the miller. 'Look at him !' For once in his life My. Ripe? created a sensation, and every man in the room starod from the actor to him. and from him. to the actor. Mr. Pelham Vane, adding a little cold water to his grog to reduce its temperature, took it at a gulp and pushed the glasi towards the landlord. It v/as noticed afterwards how pale he grew, and how his hand shook at fclii3 juncture. ' That's Montgomery Bassett, is it !' cried the miller jeeriugly, with his head craned over the table in the direction of the com mercial man from London. ''Yes, sir,' thundered the player's voice, 'I am Montgomery Bassett. Myself am.. Naples. Ruined by the devices of my only child, cast forth so low that wrens make pray where eagles dared not perch ! I thought roy spirits were stronger than my shames, but I am vanquished.' And the great tragedian, turning, flung his alias on the manfclepiece, and dropped his head uj;on them, scattering a pot or two, and making havoc with a dozen of long church wardens. The company sat and stared at all this with a look at once ainazsd and guilty. The saddler was the first to recover, aad be rising from his Ecafc, put his hand in his pocket, and withdrawing it, dropped some thing with a jingle in the landlord's palm. Then he cast his head, with a shamefaced, sideway nod in the direction of the fireplace, over which Mr. Montgomery Basset leaned with heaving shoulders, and with another shamefaced jerk, directed to the company at large, he took himself out of the room. The ironmonger rose also, and from his pocket drew a something which jingled into the landlord's palm. Then arose the drunken miller and went through tlie same pantomime, and in a minute or two the room was clear of everybody but Mr. Mont gomery Bassett and his landlord. Mr, Bassett's shoulders were still heaving convul sively, and liis head was still resting on the mantelpiece amid the debris of the loag churchwardens, when the landlord touched him on the arm, and the actor, slowly gathering himself into an erect posture, picked up his hat, and with one hind cover ing his eyes began to grope his way from the room. 'Before yon 'go, sir,' said the landlord, feelingly; 'it's an inappropriate moment, sir, but it may be the only one, and the gentlemen of the town, sir, who have seen your performances, sir, desired to present yoa with a little testimonial, sir. The sums are here as I received them, and perhaps if you will buy for yourself, sir, some little remem brance of the place— a pin, or a ring, or any thing of that, sort that may please you — you will fulfil the intentions of the subscribers, Bir.' The landlord had never been so quick witted in bis life before, and the little t'aUa hood might not be charged very heavily in the account against him. Mr. Montgomery Bassett's outstretched hand accepted the money the landlord slipped into it, aad a minute later he was gone. Mudpooi saw him no more, and if his landlord found the little bundle of soiled linen a poor payment for a fortnight's rent, why, everybody knew how disturbed the great tragedian had been by his unexpected recognition, and nobody thought very ill of bis f orgetf ulness. Chapter XV. *' Go light, ye thief,' said Mr. Gassidy, ad dressing Mr. Hogan; 'or else ye'U week the beeby. The campaigning ways stick to ye still, and ye di-turb the harmony of nurried loife with no more compunction, be Jiugo, than ye'd feel on walking into a dca of wild bachelors. What's the news?' 'There's nothh-g particular,' said M-. Ho£an, seating himself, ' barrin' that I've gob the model I tould ye of. I was .dowa in. the Dials yestenlay to sea tho colonial bishop, and the late captaia ia the Life Guards. What iiars they are, to be sure ! If a man comes down in the world he's always been a real swell before his fall. Tbe mxn that's coming to sit to-night is the Reverend Stanley Vyvytwi, the .Lord be good to U3. tie had a, rural deanery in Yorkshire, he says, and the colonial bishop swears he knows him, aad so does the late captain, in the Guards.' '?It's a queer nest you've loigted on, any way,' said Cassia y. '? Queer ?' returned Hogan, ' I believe you ! They're not so squalid as you'd fanuy, living in a dca like chat, and they're all jp.en of some edukeetion, me boy. The BL-hop knows the Greek alphabet— that was as far as I could trst him — but hi? Litin'd exlrenisly shaky. The li-sv. Stanley Vyvyin ccesn't know what armz virumque cano means, and for a rural dean that's singular. But hell be here at eight tbi-3 evening, and if yc don't f oind him the identical man ye want I'm mistaken.' ' We'll see,' said Cassidy. ' 'Twa3 a great oydaya, 'Cassidy's evening life class !' Fve twenty pupils ab-cady, aud it helps to keep the pot boiiiKg. Cameron's coming round to-uigbt to see how we're gettin' on ; and his wife will be up to compare the boys. When are you going to be married, Hogau T 'At the beginning of the Greek kalcad,' said Hogan. ' With these shining examples of domestic felicity before ye?' demanded Cassidy. ' Who'll be that at the door?' A pause and then a tap. 'Come in.' ''Mr. and Mra. Cameron, sir,' said the maid. 'Welcome, me boy. Mrs. Cameron, ye haven't forgotten. Hogan. Jane, aak Mrs. Cas&idy; to come here. And how are you. Jade junior? How the boy grows, Mrs. Cameron! Oh, ye're here, Matilda. Just send upstairs for Horace Cassidy, Esqsoire, wiil ye ? Ye'll take it neetive in the pawter, won't ye, Jack? Go on smokin', Hogan. Both tbe ladies are smoke-dried.' Mrs. Cassidy, having welcomed the guests, ran upstairs, and returned presently with, her eldest son, who wore a prodigious rolled curl upon bis forehead, and waa absurdly like bis father. ' Shake hands with Jack, Horace, me boy,' cried the proud parent. ' I hope ye'll ba as good friends as your fathers were before ye. But yc:ll be getting too big a swell to know us much loriger, Cameron, though maybe when you're in the Forty you'll put in a word for a daub of poor old Cassidy's now and then, and get the committee to hang me where I can be seen.' ' liely upon my influence,' said Cameron, with a lordly air. Atthat everybody laughed, and the three men sat down to smoke, while the ladies talked millinery. Even when love is crowned by happy mar riage, ladies do sometimes talk millinery and husbands smoke apart the while, and the world goes on very much as if nothing of aay first rate importance had happened. But surely it was a pleasant thing for the two old friends to sit together with the two wives beside and the two little fellows playing about the room. A sense, subdued yet present, of sorrows ended aad flown, was with them both, and the present smiled the sweeter for the stormy past. ' Who should we meet on our way here this afternoon,' said Cameron, ' but your great father-in-law, renowned Leverett ! I told him that we were going to turn up this evening to look at the life class, and he promised that he'd look in.5' ' We're going to have a swell model to night,' said Cassidy. 'liogan found him, and proclaims him the most picturesque old blackguard in the world.' 'He's a beard this long,' said Hogan, stretching his arms abroad, *? and a fine Sigh bold forehead, aad barring that he's a tritis red about the nose, he'd be a wonderful John the Baptist.' ' WelJ,'said Jack, 'well coiue aud look at bim.!' There was the faintest memory ia the world of an old limp in his gait as he arose and crossed over to his wife. ' Come along, little woman, or we shall bs late for dinner. You woa't forget to-morrow's dinner, Mrs. Cassidy ? That's chiefly what we called for. We know where your head fail3 you, BilL No memory. ' Kow, that's unfair,' cried Ca3sidy. 'D'ye know what's that about, Hogan? I asked Mrs. Cameron and Jack to dinner last week, and they came just as I'd forgotten all about the invitation, aud got the boy and the bebby to bed, and left them in care o' the maid, and had taken the wife out to a quiet little dinner by ourselves, and a box at the Obsron. I'll Ktver hear the last of it. Ye'll stop here and dine, Hcgan. It's just & cub of mutton, aad no more, but there's a very reasonable clar'fc in the cellar — round the comer— and I'll have it up in honor of your visit.' Cameron, and his wife went away, taking their boy with them, and Mrs. Cassidy retired to look after the dinner. ' They're a happy couple, Bill,' aaid Hogan, v lien the two men sat alone again. ' They ate, then,' returned Cassidy, ' aad so they ought to be. to make up for ail their tsoubles. There's only one thing oa the dear girl's mind at all, and that's her blackguard of a father. He's been heard of once or twice since their marriage, and I believe she'd for give b»n now if she could fcind him. But I fancy he's gone under long ago, and I could bear to think that without wantin' to give a very large order for black clothes oyther. I'm not dT?in' to see him,' said Hogan, pulling placidly at his pipe, ' if only half I've heard of him's true.' ' 'IVas & pity ye forgot the letter I wrote to Jack,' said Cassidy. *' If that had reaehed him he'd have been back in time to save the old beggar turning her out of doors, any way. And the world's not so virtuous that a crime prevented doesn't count for something.' ' I'm sony I forgot it, tew,' said Hogan, ' I'm net a marrjin' man mesclf, Bill, but 'twas pretty to see them down at Scutari when lie was comin' round. The way she'd support him. with her shoulder, aud the way she'd look at 'no. wliea they walked about by them cypresses. D'ye rcmeniber ?' ' ' Eemember ? Me own wife was jealous of me, I talked about her so when I came homo. But here's dinner going to be laid, and 1 11 just go round and give the orders to the butler.' Mr. Cassidy presiding at his own family table was a pleasant spectacle, and the dinner went merry as a marriage belL A pipe and a cup of colfee prepared for the evening's labors, and whilst the friends sat chatting, the maid brought up a singularly dirty piece of rough cardboard on which, was written ' Rev. Stanley Vyvyan.' '.Now tell me,' said Hogan, 'what you think of me as a model hunter.' The two went down together, aad en countered in the liali a beut aad tottering old man with & great beard. 'This way,' said Cassidy, and th« man followed, stepping slowly and with ditScuIty. ' Have y'ever been a model before ?' 'That degradation is reserved for me,' said the new model, in deep and husky tones. Eighty odd years of sorrow have I seen, And each hoars joy wrecked with a week of teen. ' but it has never yet fallen to my lot tc earn ruy living by any menial service.' ' Has he been drinking 'I' asked Cassidy, aside. 'No, I think not,' responded Hogan. ' That's his usual form, we boy. Ke never speaks except with a verse out of Scripture. 'Take on: your hat,' said Cassidy, and let's have a look at you. Now, you'll, just sit here, d'ye see, in this armchair on the plat form, aud hould on to this halberd, like that. Wait a minute. Ye'll be the better of a cloak. Eow there y' are. Head a little more to the right. Left foot out a bit. That'll do. Now ye can. rest a bit and take it easy till ye're wanted.' Cassidy moving away with his head on one side surveyed the model with the look of a connoisseur. ' Take it easy. You're not wanted for the next five minutes, any way.' The students turned in by ones and twos, and the model being finally arranged, the v.ork began, enlivened after the manner of student labor by the singing of popular airs and the whistliug of operatic selections. ' He's picturesque enough, isn't he ? said Hogau in a whisper. Cassidy had begun to regard the model with a row interest, and he answered Hogan only after drawing him away into a distant corner cf the room. ' I believe ye've made a find with a ven geance,' said he then. ' He's amazingly altered, with tbe hair about his face, and the baldness that's set in. But I ought to kaow that nose and those eyes, and I believe It's no Ic-ss than Montgomery Bassett!' ' llubbish !' said Hogan. ' I'm not so sure of that, me boy,' answered Cassidy. ' Give him a. blacking and shave him, and he might be as'leike as two peas.' 'That's not Bassett,' said Hogan, con tcrcptuously. ' He said he was eighty and odd just now, and he looks every inch of it.' 'Well,' said Cassidy,' resignedly, 'he's here now, -whoever he is. You'll see if Came ron spots 'm.' Cameron at that minute appearing, Cassidy welcomed him withamanner somewhat forced and unnatural. ' What d'ye flunk of the model, Jack?' ' He'll do well enough,' returned Cameron, uECODcernedly, asd walked round the rooai from easel to easel glancing at the work. ' Well, now,' said Hogan, with a laugh, ' Vyvyan's Vyvyan still, isn't he?' 'I'm glad 1 was wrong,' answered William. A notable silence stole over the room, aud tbe master of the life class turning round saw that the model had shifted his position slightly. The students were all ^taring at him, but not a pencil was at work. Oanicron was directly in tront of the model's t bi one, and the Keverend Stanley Vyvyau HFFPn was moving slowly towards him with head and hands only. The painter looked aaa caught the model's eyes. He fell back with outstretched bands, and then flashed forward just in time tc seize the bar of the halberd aa the blade swept round at him, aud the striker towered at fuii height on the throne. *' Be Mcscs,3' roared Cassidy, 'it's IJiSiett, after all!' There was no struggle to speak of, Cameron had the haiberd out oi the mail's hands in the twinkling of an eye ; and Cassidy, seiziujr thcnicdel from behind, dragged hi.n ba--k to tlie seat, and pinned him there with a grasp against which it was vain for him to wnstie. ' Cff all men else I have avoided thce ! ' cried the rnodei, ' but get tb.ee back ! You prosper, do ycu? and I am even t.'us natural fool of fortune. Unuand me-, sir I Til jo:n with biack despair agaisut my soul, and to myself become an crerny ! '' 'J at k,' said Oassirf;,-, iioldiug on behind, 'lit's as mad as a hatter.' ' Mad ' ' cried Sloritgeraevy Bassetfc. '' Put me to the test, and I ttie master aptly will reward madness would gambol from. You live yet,' he said, bis deep tones more husky and shaky than of old. 'But where ii my daughter 'i Give me back my daughter.' 'llun fora doctor, one of you fellows,' shouted Cassidy. 'Oh, I beg your pardon, Hcgan ; I iorgot ye. Come and look at this dertentcd ould rascal, and see if he's mad or cot.' Years of whisky, and brooding, and re morse, bad doue no service to Montgomery Bassett's mind ; and, if he were not abso lutely mad, one delusion wa3 fixed within him, permanent and unshakable. Outside the icfluenco of that delusion he was as sane aa ever, and the nature of his error might make it dangerous to the business interests o£ tie commonweal to set him down as a madman. He had only p_ersuaded himself that the man whom he had injured had injured him — a feat performed every day of the year by the ablest as well as the least able o£ men. ** We're most of 03 mad, more or less,' said Hogen cheerfully; 'but I'm inclined to thick, be the oye of 'm, he's only mad nor' ror'-west. Ould man, if ye're noi-y us a strait waistcoat that's weetin' for ye. Lsc him go, Cassidy.' Mr. Baseett was as mild aa new milk. ' Ye see,' said Hogan, ' he's permeable to reason. Hould still, I tell ye, or I'll have ye in a strait waistcoat in a jiffy. They're ia plenty on the premises. Look at 'm. He's Joike a choild, for the moildncss of his de maynor.' '£5r. Cameron,' said Bassett, 'but for you I should have lived a prosperous life, and my old age would have been surrounded with boner, love, obedience, troops of friends. But that which should accompany old age ? Ichabod!' cried the model wildly, ' Ichabod ! the glory is departed I' ' Take it easy, now,' suggested Hogan. 'I ask nothing better,' said Mr. Mont gonseiy Bassett, *? than to leave a presence distasteful to every instinct of iny better nature.' ' Is this how you do it, Bill?' cried a new voice at the door. ' Is it amateur theatricals, cr painting from tbe life, or what is it?'' 'Come in Horace,' said Cassidy, with a tigh. 'I'd hoped ye'd seethe school re spectable. But, begorra, here's Bassett back again; and I believe it's him. instead of iienconsiield that's demoralised the British Islands.' *'Ob,' said Leverett, advancing, 'this is Bassett; is it? What's the matter?' 'Hogan brought him for a model,' said William. ? 'Take lu'm upstairs,' suggested Lererett quietly. ' There's a faasily quarrel ia it, Bill ; and dirty linen is always better washed ia private.5' ' Gentlemen,' said Cassidy, ' I'm very sorry to deproive ye of the night's instruction but I'm afraid, under the circumstances ? '' ' Ccme along, boys,? sang out one of the students, and the crowd trooped noisily away, with many backward glances. ' Wnatll we do with 'm ?' asked C-as3idy. *' Heaven knows?' said Jack, in answer. 'I'm expecting' Mary every minute, aad it would be terrible for her to find b'm here in this condition.** Mr. Bassett had cast away the cloak, and his garments, ia the broad gaslight, were seen to be foul and tattered. ' Bassett,' said Gassidy, ' ye're been the blackest villain I ever heard of. But there's nobody here wants to hit a man that's down, and I think ye'd better go.' ' Sir,' said Bassc-tt, ' I am not wont to be ordered from any man's house. I will go?' He took up his battered hat from the throne and marched majestically towards the door ; but just as he was about to lay a baud upon it, it opened as if of its own volition, and there stood his daughter. She knew him in a second. Her outstretched hands, and the look with which she regarded him, told as much, too plainly to be doubted. His own look, and the start he gave, may have helped her. Jack ran to his wife's side, and put an arm about her. 'My child is still my child,' said Mr. Bas sett, with mournful dignity. ' I have fallen lew in the world's esteem since last I saw you, Mary, and I have suffered much. But — I can still forgive.' If Mary Bassett had ever hoped for any meeting, the vision she had cherished was far, far different from this. In face of the reality she could but cling blindly to her hus band's arm. ' I should e'en die with pity,' said Mr. Baa sett, naturally disposed to find in the woes of King Lear the nearest poetic semblanee to his own, 'to sec another thus. Do not laugh at me, for as I am a man I think this lady to be my child.', ' Basaett,*' said Cameron, quietly but sternly, *' I won't endure this. Go.' 'Jack,' besought his wife, 'don't tarn him out Jike this. Oh, papa !' Kobody saw how it came about, but she was clinging- to his neck, foul and tattered as he was, and villain as he had been, and thcy were both upon their knees together. 'Poor, poor dear,' sLe cried with a broken voice and fast falling tear3. '' To have been so wicked and so cruel. And to have suffered so.' She could speak no further, but her clinging arms and raining tears spoke more than any words. She took the bald ua yeijerable Lead to her true breast and nursed it there and rocked it lo and fro. TSo man spoke a word or laid a hand upon either of them, and on a sudden Montgomery began to sob and cry terribly with an emotion not of the stage or Etagey, and for once in his life tbe actor forgot to play even to himself, and sacred nature had f uil swing within his shallow heart. There is no revenge diviner than forgiveness, and this vengeance bis daughter took, upon him. The men sb'pped past the two kneeling figures, and left the father and the child together. Mr. Montgomsry Ba-ssett, provided with a yearly income of one hundred, pounds (by a son-in-law who is at last convinced of his own unworthincss), and clad in black broadcloth acd clean shaven, is not so unlike his former self that old friends refuse to recognise him. He is not now so popular as he once was wh'en he had more money, but he has his little circle cf eld admirers still, and he himself is happy in. haying forgiven Jack Cameron, who maintains him. Jack prospers, so that Mr. Bassett is likely enough to have a grievance against him shortly on the score of hi3 allowance, which seems to him curiously in commensurate with his son-in-law's income. The old man attends his daughter dutifully, and takes luncheon with her daily. Jack is so prodigiously busy that a sandwich and a glass of claret served in the studio are all he can afford to take from, breakfast time to the dinner hour, but it is noticeable that this in crease in his necessary labor has only come about since it pleased fate to restore hiis fatb-er-ia-law. When last I called on Mrs. Cameron (Cas &idy;, having learned that Bassett was there, declined to enter, and shook hands at the deer) she was knitting a vest for a curly headed, handsome little fellow who was play ing about her knees. The lad was at romps with the kitten, and the two young animals together carried the sweet little lady's ball of worsted ail about the room, winding it round the leg of every chair and sofa and table. Bassett was sitting by her, aad it is possible that the presence of a stranger gave sonic spur to bis fatherly impulses. At any rate he went down upon his knees— when the nurse bad removed both theboyand the kitten — and having carefully unwound the worsted, . he rolled it up and offered it to his daughter, who kissed him, being in the presence of an old friend, with no embarrassment. The old fellow grinned under his glossy new black wig and kissed her back again. ' *? There, lay dear,' said he with a flourish, handiu'1 her the ball, 'am I not a Model Father?' The Exo. 