COPPER has risen in price to £73 per ton. Stocks are low. THE case Wells v. Mead and another has been amicably arranged, > THE Port Adelaide Football Club hold their annual ball in the Town Hall this evening. THE annnal meeting of the Sonth Australian Yacht Club will be held this evening, when a satisfactory report will be presented. IN another column Mr. 0. J. Fulton arrests the attention of the public, by an announcement which will prove of interests to heads of families. He has undertaken to supply boots and shoes to all comers at prices that will prove sufficiently satisfactory to induce a large trade. IT is stated that the barque. Helen White, which left Newcastle for Port Adelaide with coals on May 27th last, has been given upas lost by her owner, Mr, John Neill, and that he has reported the matter formally to the Marine Board. An enquiry into the of the vessel when she left Port Adelaide last is to be held by the Board on Tuesday next. RECEIVED.—No 1 of a new candidate for public support in the newspaper world of Tasmania, Everything about this issue is worthy favorable comment, and we heartily whh for The Southern Sta r the success it deserves. The issue is for the present to be tri-weekly, with the view of expanding into a daily as soon as circumstances may warrant. We place it on the list of our exchanges. As the early Loop train was leaving Port Adelaide for Dry Creek this morning (the 8tli,) by circumstances which arc yet unexplained ; the engine run off the main line (opposite Messrs. J. Dunn & Co.'s flour mills) stopping th» traffic up completely until about 10.30, and causing the up and down trains for Port and Adelaide to be some ten minutes late. PURSUANT to the indications in our last, Mr. A. W. Dobbie gave his very interesting lecture on Electro-metallurgy in the Semaphore Wesleyan School- room, on Wednesday evening last, and conducted a series of interesting experiments, to the delight of the audience. He always manages to be alike interesting and successful. ON Tuesday evening a Concert was given under the auspices of the Loyal Jervois Lodge, I.O.O.F. in the Oddfellows' Hall, Port Adelaide. Unfortunately the weather was unfavorable, but the committee had sold a fair number of tickets realizing to a good round sum, the proceeds being in aid of a Member of the Order who is in distressed circumstances. The body of the Hall was fairly filled, and the Gallery occupants were fairly "roudy," constantly interupting. We would suggest for the future that the Committee would do well to make an example of persons who have not the good sense or manners to conduct themselves properly. The programme was slightly modified, and the stage Manager (Mr. Nairne) pleasantly apologized for any omissions. His Worship the Mayor (Mr. H. W. Thompson, Esq., J.P.,) presided. The first on the programme was an Overture by Miss Curtis, played with excellent taste ; His {Worship followed with an eloquent tribute in praise of benefit societies, and particularly referred to the pleasure it gave him to be present. A recitation by Mr, Nairne, " The Lambkin," was cleverly given and deservedly applauded. Miss Curtis favored the audience with a capital song, playing her own accompaniment, and giving the audience the pleasantest treat of the evening. A Comio song by Mr. L. M. Tier, host of the Commercial Hotel, fairly "got" the audience. Captain Beid's Concertina solo was followed by a serio-comic song by Mr. W. Mussared, " The Sweet Little Creature," for an encore. A step Dance by Mr. T. Richards, costumed, brought the first part of the entertainment to a close. Mr. A. Doyle re-opened with a very pretty composition from the piano called the " Ball Room Melody," and finishing up with " Home Sweet Home," played with great taste. Mr. J. Fleetwood favored the audience with a lady impersonation, singing " Milk to my tea," which received an encore. Miss Curtis then gave " Coming thro'the Rye and Mr. Tier sang "Think of Your Head in the Morning," again sending listeners into convulsions, and for the .encore he subitituted " Barney of Killarney." An English Concertina Solo by Captain Reid, accompanied by Mr. A. Doyle on the Piano, was very beautifully played. Mr. Mussared gave the Comic Song, " Have you seen the Ghost 7" the chorus being " Its all round the town, on every wall and post, go where you will 1 Have you seen the ghost ?" This was Mr. Mussared's best. Mr. Wallis sang " Hurrah for the life of a Sailor," and was encored. A Humorous Reading from Mrs. Caudle's Curtain Lectures (by Douglas Jerrald) was clearly read by Dr. Curtis, who labored under the disadvantage of frequent interruptions from the gallery audience; and the last item on the programme was a step dance by Mr. T. Richards, to one of Moody andSankey's tunes I The Port Adelaide Brass Band gave their services, and the Ladies and gentlemen who assisted well deserve the thanks they have, doubtless, received. 