Where are our Freetraders? TO THE EDITOR on THE BRISBANE council. hereby view of the forthcoming North Brisbane election which, being for the representa- tion of the metropolis of Queensland, must, at least from a commercial point of view, be considered the most influential electorate of the colony I am surprised to see that the three candidates announced are all protectionists. Now, as North Brisbane is the centre of the commerce of Queensland, for their own interests there must be a very large majority of the electors freetraders, I cannot understand how it is that a freetrader cannot be brought forward to contest the election. whether the electors, or some of them, are enervated by the hot weather, or running simply on factional prejudice ; or others still in their dreams regaling themselves again on the sumptuous supper and convivial evenings lately spent at the Town Hall and Exhibition Building ; or others probably under the influence of spirits (what kind s) at all events there must be a very moral twist somewhere if the electors are going to commit political suicide by returning as their representative anyone whose pronounced views are diametrically opposed to the interests of the constituency and the welfare of the colony in general. Will it benefit the country to blockade our ports, having as centinel at our harbours' mouths the gaunt, lean ghost of protection, holding in his hand the scrolls endorsed "No commerce," " No employment," " Famine prices," " Want, misery, and degradation ?" Who are they that want protection ? A few boot and shoe makers, and cabinetmakers, who are now charging high percentages in fact, in some cases, over 100 per cent higher prices for their manufactures than charged for the same articles by the manufacturers of Sydney and Melbourne, although they do not pay so high wages or rents in Brisbane, and much of the timber and hides are in both cases the products of Queensland. There is already too much protection. Ask the omnibus proprietor, the livery stable keeper, the poor cabman or drayman, or even those in higher spheres who keep horses, now that we have to depend on the other colonies for (Dr, hay, and other forage, how they find the present famine prices owing to protective duty. Ask the hotel or boarding house keepers and other large consumers if they feel the tax upon their bacon, cheese, butter, potatoes, and such like. Ask the poor man with large family if he can afford to feed his children on anything but bread and beef, owing to the present price is of vegetables, etc, which are real necessaries of life in a climate like ours. The electors of Brisbane should beware ; if they let in the thin end of the wedge they know not what may follow. The glorious Constitution that gives every man a voice in the Government, by the people electing their own lawgiver, at the same time is open to abuse for although we have the power to elect a representative we have not the power to dismiss him. Every man should use caution and consideration before going to the ballot-box. But it is the duty of every man who has a vote to go. For a man who has this glorious privilege and takes no interest in the politics of the country in which he lives should live in a country under autocratic government, where the subject is only a serf and slave to the caprice of the ruler. In this case I hope the electors of North Brisbane will take advantage of their privileges and rights, consider the interests of the constituency, and bring forward a freetrader as a candidate and that he will be returned at the head of the poll with an overwhelming majority is the earnest arrest of?' Mr. ' runs wife of Brisbane, 2nd Jau^.8^ 0B*EIT* 