NE. AW:SOUTH WALES. S'(BY'PEPPECORN.). Since my last report two more illuetrious colonists have passed'away to join the great majority. Death has been doing mich miS chief in this colony 'dhring the past twele months, sweeping away some of our beat and wisest orators and cultured men, and unfortunately some folks think there are none ;left to fill the vacant places with the, same ease, independence, and honor as thoi, who have been called hence. On Sunday, the .29th October,; Sir W. I'Arthur, of Camden Park, passed, to that bourne from which no traveller returns. This distin guished gentleman .was full of years and laden with honors. He was 82 yeara d age, as he was born in 1800 at Parramata. His father, John M'Arthur, was cnimoonly called the " father of the colony." Sir William served in the Legislative Coanni from 1849 to 1855, but did not shine in th political arena. His tastes were more r pastoral and agricultural pursniti, in' wli he rendered much valuable service to ti colony. 'In 1854 Mr. M'Arthur was sp. pointed Commissioner to the Paris ExNibi. tion, 'and for his services was createl * knight, and received the decoration of th Legion ,if Honor. His decease was not o expected, as he had been very feeble for some time past. The following day, Mon. day, 30th October, Mr William Forster. M.P., who bad been suffering from angins neuralgia for some time, died at his residence, Woollahra. The immediate cause of death waa disease of the heart. Mr. Forater hd been ailing for some time, lint n Sonday said he was much better than nasaL HN, however, passed quietly away. in his adep at 4 n.m. on the 3Uth October, and wel t one of our ablest debaters and mot honorable independent politicians. Just at this juncture his loss is the morelamentable for lie would have rendered valuable servieu in the re-adjustment of our Land Scnmbliog Acts.. In 1878 Mr. Forster Was appoited Agent-tieneral tor the colony of i.. 5. 0its, resident in London, an office he ably fille, but was recalled in consequence of a senlbbU with the overlearing Sir Heery Prark Whilst on his voyage back he was elects to a seat in the Assembly for Gandlgain,m Gfled that seat till the date of his deau W'e are now in the throes.of election ecl citement, no less than nine candidates bWin in the field for the vacant seat. Mr. Fonte several times held office as a Minister of It Crown, and was once Premier. 'He lwu native of Madras, India; he was born o British parents in 1818, ana..rrived heres 1829, and was educated by Mr. Cape. Lit all other mnen of money here he wu' squatter in his early days, but, while a gaged, devoted much of his time to literstan and wrote some excellent satires which wf' published in the " Atlaa" notably "'I Devil and the Governor " the "Geninus V the Ghost," and a sonnet on "Nsat,1 Grandeur and Decay" in 1854. 1?3 s': prominent painstaking polticiaa of moral rectitude and literary ttaoinment and it will be hard to find 'a sucessor 1" such an able man.. He was twice .minrd and leaves.a family by each wife to W?-e his sudden departure.. No 'lss than important motions were staoding in ti name at, the time of htis ddeeae. Since writing the foregoing another p?'1 lie man has been cut off at the a?g ofet four yeas. Mr, Oreenmowd, 3-L formerly a minister of the Baptist Chua subsequently an advocate of the F% thought sohool, was found dead in h i on Monday, 6th November. On wc' i the pilpit he conteted successfully seat for East Sydney in 1871, and Mc sentea tnat conasituency I - bht declined re-election in 1S80 cltieflv instrumental in briging a"out .res·it Edueniou Act. Although " in his nrenqavor to, make Education 1f% tmiy. be thanked for secularity and coa sio.n He was an able man, hntso"' was not very successful; and the sL qe his many adventures was disPP?. He was horn at Nottingham, Egan?. 1838, and arrived in Sydney in 1870 The Ministry was defeated on the1 reading of the Land Bill on Thursd anud aeneral excitement is prevalent country and in Sydney. The lnd the burning question of the day, no an appeal will be made to the count'r I fancy the Ministry just defeated ,i finally oqnelohed, never iore tn o notice that the Victorian M1inistr shaky, and that you are likely t very strong coalition, but I d coalition ministries one bit. . The weather is hot ad dry, and fast drying up and turning quite Crops look well, and are fast ripe'in' I hear bad accounts of cropm$ l parts of the Wimmera, andof moves to Western Australia i contemplate the same mov8e, a sible for a sheep farmer to get?,b a sufficint area to livtre ?u?te without heinohemmed in bJ Ihyi and as to.4rass rights, they'"re , oily secured to a man hau "" Thursday - 