fTnm *ell known abd oft-repeated aphor i'el't 8liht" thber ic no now thing undoer ]libo"11 `'" 111h hodl many illustrattion id flft ot C~cord?d, and, ovon (iRnh t~, o tihh , now .confrlinmo (l·lj,,of ,ipreont thomnsolvo.. Light; steam, gas, oloctrioity, and their con gQnorS,' ro old enough in their naturl I oonditionnalbut, in mngay of their latcer appliat ins I and '.rosults, they aro •wo nd1 n?ttlki , .' S T'?h''uItiptian chiof who, nonrly a 'Oiil ,go' ? wilbh , hocicatichuig ,for ivory ,'tl hibif, of thli L.t. , diocov'erod ,'o i.y, of ani jaumonilenO foslel loephlaut , uanummoth, coaled up in transparont it,. )vheroo .it 8had boon proaerved for aouiturnoH, iojubtlooa, war put in poiou; sion of a neroto whlich, in one of its forrun, lit ,boing -brouught to boear upon , Australian conunero to-day. Whiet naturo lutd:doilo, ii h1 grotiaelhaboratory, with t?ib4ddý of thle Iaulnneoth, oxpolrts are now t oing, in their fireoozing roontu, wvith the'lo'Dilin 6f oxon 'and shltool, Ail with, manly 6thlor peri hitblo aritii to. Woe hav hloeti led to direct attioitio, to thln' clleijtt 'by' tlio flctol to 'wl ihoh wo dlircoted alttentio i our loot in?mo, and l)y .pplotlhor fi6, vi:,., Jlt, for eovere.l Wok'n p?at, the " Froh ?ood ?nd, Ico Qqpl)apy" hao,v' hboon riuning a, vF'lol daily to this pirt in ordero to, inueroie tl~9gr pnik, eupply, In ,the pat, ithat hupply Ilna coieo fronm the diMtrin.'t, situatod ,?)o)lg tho railway, lino, hut, ,pWi ?Yto (.lio ,lroughIt, t(ml h1o)oi }yo :ssppeos,i to the increased deinss 1 r 'iltlhy tlhy ,have hrid to turn tleir, attou tiontfiJ othohsfipl?s and piVitiresi.new; , The pireent high piice of dairy produce has a tendency to hide the importanob of this now trade; but, time was, and. not so long ago either, when the daily arrival of a steamer, trading on such favourablo terms, would havoe,,l1eeq n looked upon by the inhabitants as a; `great boon to the district. Theoro is another reason why this milk trade do sorvos attention and, we may say, sup ,port, and that is, it is connected with tlohe refrigorating system which is now on its trial, and which, it.is hoped,.will. open the world's market to the produc tions of this district along with the! other districts of the colony. It is ex ceeoodinglyi uiifortuhatb:: thc;t tthle meat' which reachoe the English market, by the Cuzco andm Garoiane ,was not up.to the mark.in preseitvation, and,.to make matters 'worse some of it, 'so it is said, was light and inferior, at the start.' In the interests of the country, it would blo well if all neiv' enterprises, ofe so g'et importaneo as,this undoubtedly i,'coduld be so oontrollbdin 'their earlibr stages as to seeure' the maximum pro bability of success' along with the' minimum risk of failure. A hitch, in' the introduction of a new trado' or industry, has often had,; and for a coi-n siderable time too, a verory damaging effeoot. Some years ago an attemptwasi made to..convey; fresh, beef in quarters! from the Clarence River to Syduoney, and. the steamer Grafton was provided withl special fittings for that'?urposo.' Thoi first shipmoent' reached the market ini passable condition aid' realised fair' prices. , The.., soecond shipment; whichl :proved to boatheo last, was as fasihio;'forj the sto?ltor got into ' storm' amid was; -blown oiitto sea 'whroe ',hoie'vad" tosstie Flout for nearly a' ?Pii and Bid the'iii{t, coiileptely spoilled,,ans used foe fuel.( hlup .was o loseGf coeorei:it, was,.weW bogun, what might have proaved to be a profitable trade.iiLateri stillsn attempt wEas made too open upia 'mnitize'trade betwooen 1on1 of tlihe. nbrth'orn rivoi'ii1 1ow Souttli Wales budBrisbane,. 'Thus, too, wi\e siobadily' dou' ahort by;, the; doolit alid diahonesty, Qf .one .or two ishippers who .placd iun'the inmiddle of theoi bags largo quaititties of' looded nu'd infeior maizoe. It is ain old Sydnoey tradition, niarly, if, not quIito .as old ae tho storyabout '(FiBsher's Ghost,' that a lot of .casliks shipped at Sydney for Englnnd, aud supposed to'contain tallow ohny,'tyere fdund to ble"full of biickbats yivthn a little fat ponaed, over them by way, of filling ,up the casks rind dipguising the fratid. Of course the b1ettor,thing for us .would be for tho industrious and skilled poople of England to come out hore and eat odr beef' and bitter and ist us', tiheii labor iii m return; but, intalmutblh ii we ciinoto oxpect theon all to do that, 'iicnasmuiriiuch as we Imaybo able to send-some siiippiles to those at a distance who would not bo .desirablo colonitse the result'of th1o esporiidhts witll fidan iftibifaetand:.'lju te rhiind'milk', &6, wvill be looked' forii(ird'to''with 'ion siilnvals I'nterest'f1:"i*""* '** ' It wouild no at t all helpful to.u just notwif tho moat grow'ers; and butter makeres 'and zd" ilk"esollorsl df'the 'old 6oubti' wero td:'.olftnioir'fbi'aiit obtain higli prdtaoveii diltid'oii our exoyt^'of thoa6 produots, (iid, it is somctlhing t' bo; thankful for,thalt,,, along;,with tho other diffioultie 'which have tobe oover como in tho bestablishment of this trade, we havo not to meet, Tlhat would pr6oy tho death strolk' to the oxpdrimoit,'n high' piTotootioi ' tariff *in Enigltand fldoed, ,ifthis ha4 bel'en o he aso',lthe oxporimont would, probably hiave been tlhought. of, but would longi havOe 're mained nutried. As it is, there is every probability of its ultinimto sucbes'; 'aniid, wthon that is achioved, the fabiulocisly loh prices of dairy produce, which hiivd too'often cieled in th' Auistrialian marlce), will, no:(oubt,liliap a cisturbing dream, be nathing ottho past.,, in : . ;' ; ' 