THE TOURIST "olES OF A VI8IT T0 TASMANIA. Bi A* 1a a* II. Wfl reached Bothwell in good time, ail hoar « J»ha starting of the ooach, and I never KSu" » »«» « I «>« I"1"* Jfm8i,6 ride. It waa a thing to glory in ^ a until I came to take a seat at the fb hAnn-tal)le, when I remarked with ICSng Cheek tbat I wouldprefer to take .i fanilina. I t°ok nearly all my meals in 4 noature for two or three days after £5Tand strangely enough selected the top coach, nil amongst the luggage, m the /it comfortable place in which to deposit «lfon the road to Brighton railway ? firm The other passengers, numbering i? said I was a rnoBt generous and accom luting gentleman, and so I was, but lean nt similarly compliment the rectangalar Snn^ by which I was Burrounded « the top of the coach. I never cn similar quantity of baggage ; BO manj IwMirently bearing y W?8* t . a very Bore one. The road, L -,jng8 ol the very much M weaent bo many obstinate comers, all Jnrmrentlr bearing persistently on one spot, ffihat spot a very Bore one. The road, mo Seemed very rough, the springs of the Juach very inelastic, and myself very much nnt of sorts. I then realised, for the second 4toe in ®r We.thftt B ma? who is altogether rnaccustomed to horae-riding has to suffer mL and penalties which, for the time of [heir duration, bring him to regard life as a Searv waste of sorrow and a very vale of t»«g The journey to Brighton railway Jution was made a merry one by singing of . more or less concerted character, and Allies of wit called forth by the varying cir kMtances of the drive. At one part of the ioad a'stout lady was wa.tmg, with a confused usortment of bundlea, to be provided with a jit "There is no room," said the driver, 'thecoachis already fuller than it oughttobe.' X young man seated on the roof said, "There's room for one inside/' and ac cordingly the Btout lady deposited herself there, uncomfortably squeezing an old gentleman who had, up till tbat moment, held Soggeseion o£ a balf * ,Tiie. young man was asked to explain why he was so anxious for the lady to be accommodated with a seat ineide. " Well," he said, "(here's a crusty old fossil inside there &&t; 1 khad a row with when we started, sod that's the cliap I want to get at 1" It was generally admitted that he had got at him. At Brighton station we met moat of the holiday makers returning to town, a good many of them carrying trophies of their eport. The up express was a little late-a most unuBual circumstance; but it managed to reach Hobart in very fair time. One of the great institutions of this metro polis is the tire-bell It is situated on an derated plot of ground in Bathurst-street, and is attended to by a watchful stout man, who generally sports ehirt sleeves. The bell u hung in the apex of a cone- shaped four legged structure of funereal aspect, and is about 14ft, from the ground. A. rude series of steps leads the bellringer to a little plat form, where he stands to go through bis performance-a performance which, it may be eaid, always takes well, ana gives pleasure to a large number of the inhabitants. During my stay there was a dearth of this popular form of entertainment, and 1 only once had the felicity of witnessing the operation. It was a somewhat novel picture. The wind was sweeping in misty guts down the slopes of Mount Wellington, and canoning with accelerated force from Knock Lofty across the upper tiers of the at?. News was brought to the station of a tie, and thereupon out into the wind and nm plunged an elderly lady of weather-worn wpect, probably the ringer's wife, who pro ceeded to mount into the altitudes of the fnnereal bell-loft. Standing on the little putform, with her dishevelled hair and fl&ttonng; garments tossed hither and thither nf ti\pln 88. 8he Miwd the clapper w»e bell, and began to ring as if foi dear life, Pfocew «wta she became ex Mwted.andtheskin waa rabbedfrom her palm r 'J?8 m.eta^ It was a striking scene. JLW«»»certainly recommend every person fiSrifw-ir1& Hobwt to Moend Moirnt Wellington. From the summit of grand pinnacle he will be enabled to one of the grandest views ever opened ort before mortal eye. The guide- boofcsays i ff d®al more to the same a.D<j1 believe the guide-book. I freely ^?*ledge that I dif not ascent' gasSSS JJJta thacould be offered, on any future fll18n9'*hl®,however, whiohpre .JjffJjT * description of the ^woMng gleams ofgoidM sunshine of th8' a whioJ1 " wt ttirough the go torn the outer worid,"butt£e work Sfcd^,«ffi5eSr in I UMit» j j *unm net eo&neotea; with ant of the mountain. I the \- did . information CBRS3'33ralB5 "flouted iK**,1 °ock and .SuefnL6,Th* tnide-book it ^Boet, JR>S»fWfciw ttuM to the have b*auty. ? One lu'ihSS] the oDinlon th»* »/ui. » fonrth expresses if w ftelyu£/fnr he^^^fo\ori^ Sridr^J^ i?Wntod that you hare sa^wasjusH&as; &£' ,ou' °w»io5. thtsss vteitor eat r^t.hec ^ring to the S to B«fe *}0t W18h *> 80 oat of hia EmseU A ®"uS,e' bat wh°. Pacing atanRM oil it ,nfla©Q068 of circum pSSrS q?h» tm *? 8hape hiB courae of S7B!,i: l people never seem to be aatistied with what you do. If vaa an tn Brighton and spend your time in the anr. hftVA^n °°uiitry} yon are told you ought to have gone on to BothwelL If you go to BotS to tL v? doP® ^ett«r 10 push on to the wild mountain districts, and even if would W« fine ^ this' yon ^at you flve? Eceater satisfaction had you which j,0,irney a? far as the lakes, wction S P10*1699 inthatdi So ll,18 wU.h other parte of the island. XT along the Huon-road up-to the fern-tree bower, and see, perhaps, as I did. oiJ^Urt h of,Plcnic.parties, with red noses and gloved hands, trying in vain to look happy £» *nfi,0D an(*on your '©turn you will be told, aa I was, that you ought to Thin #hne 40 the "half/way house." Then they say you made a mistake not ^80. at least as far as "Crawford's," * te '®achln« which you would see the trw-fern gullies. I did this; I saw the tree lem gullies, and admired them: I had a thtit iView.0 the rolling hills, revelling in of foliage, of the distant Bea, and of the immense stretches of country rising therefrom; on the return drive the wnole party of ns came within an inch of having our necks broken by one of the horses taking fright on the edge of a frightful precipice; we arrived, cold, hungry, and scared, and yet-even yet-we were effusively informed, on getting home, that what we had seen wasn t a patch on the scenery we Bhould nave beheld had we dragged ourselves seven miles further and reached the Huon! A few words might not be out of place in reference to the.Tasmanian main line of railway. According to the guide-book, many of the old settlers view it as the white elephant of the colony, and public financial ruin as the result," while " the men of progress, on the other hand, regard this railway as of vital interest to the future ad vancement and prosperity, of the colony." It is evident from this that the people got puzzled about the T.M.L.R. They didn't know what to make of it. To begin with, it is so diminutive. The gauge of the rails is only 3jft., and this narrow base regulates the size ot everything else in connexion with it. The whole affair to a Victorian eye is more like j an elaborate toy than that which it really is -one of the most beneficial institutions pos sessed by the colony. The engines, car riages, vans, trucks, Btations, signals, and earthworks are all miniatures of those in use in Victoria, though it may be said that the station bells and the cow-catchers in front of the eugines are full-sized, able-bodied con cerns. With these two exceptions, how ever, everything harmonises so well that one might be forgiven for expecting to - find guards, porters, and engine-drivers dwarfed in order to. fit their surrounding*. A good deal has been said about the Welsh lines, but it is to be doubted whether they are mora tortuous than this one. If the designer of it had one hobby in the world, it was in the di rection of curves and gradients. His artistic soul instinctively felt that withont variety his railway wonld not be a thing of beauty. So he gave it variety to an unlimited extent He made it climb over all the impos sible mountain-tops between Lannoeston and Hobart, and whenever he had room for the display of his genius, he twisted it round into circles and true - lovers' knots, curving round old stumps of trees, and viaducting over mnd . puddles. This is the reason why the traveller some times finds himself able to take a magnificent view of the scenery as he slides np to the top of a peak, and then is bnried in a chasm of darkness as the engine pnffs, and whizzes, and squeals down a precipice with a terrible commotion which plainly calls upon all creation to take notice of its insane evo lutions. I was informed by a gentlemanly* looking personage that the department only allow short trains to be run; that otherwise there would be danger when the train is in the curve agony of the engine jamming itself into the rear wall of the guard's van: bat he was a visitor, and probably prejudiced against the line. Other statements are equally hard to believe. For instanoe, it takee time for an abso lute stranger, looking out of one of the carriage windows, to grasp the situation when hew told that a green and a red light which he can see twinkling far away in the rear of the guard'* van ate the signal-lichts of the station then being approached. He would naturally look for them in the opposite di rection. Bnt if he be eoeptical on the matter, he can reduce it to proof. His simple plan ia to keep his eye fixed on the lights. First he will see them at the rear by looking out of a windowon thestarboard side; then by looking out on the port side: then they Me right abreast: then byotimbiog on the roof he will just be able to deteot them glimmering right in the oentre of the permanent way. A few minutes more and they are abreast again on the other side, but apparently in the clouds, and it takes but a very short time for them to dfnrm merrily down into a chasm, where, by craning his neck. the stranger may satisfy himself they are still burning. Occasionally they will get behind a mountain, and at last, after henas poked his head out of each not and failed <io find tha&v; the ilw* lute strs"g*>r will disoover tun gently beaming about half a mile ahead, where they ought to be, the curves having done their work. Of oourse, the stranger would require a whole carriage to himself to perform his task, and must, in addition, be v$ry aotivein bis movement®. A mistake «W made at some of the stations, ?focuutouw, the train will oome to atop bet*e®& the ?loneS of a ontting: not suddenly, but graSaally. and in a perfectlynaturalffVUMt, although there is oo station. Altar a wUl>» howwpft bearing1* little square signboerd ; oveejta on the totter, pd wiUe^toth^wplei^ that it is ahouse of oaUjrt ."! hmimi. of tbe acoentno ffjJJBko" or " Jerusalem," ia Uoensed to retail spirituous li<w«s on mi^Yra will be mistaken, however; |l "Jericho" or 'VJenuH^^wUljUtfa out to j Qqe.Jfor j '^MmlMcivTOwiiig the oounfcy the day* from the former town at half-past 10 in the ®<>rwr>g, it travels # over (he 182 miles in a little leas than 10 honre, with an average speed of 18} miles an hoar. This ia the scenery train." It stops , at every place where it baa the ghost of an excuse to atop, and goes more slowly when passing by pointa of intereat, It will wait for you for a reason able time almost anywhere, and. iB in reality the tonriat's boon. It ia not, however! ex tensively need by that class of persons. for although tbeix ostensible object in visiting the island is to examine into the beauties of the conn try, they will inconsistently use the quickest modea of travel, and those which give them the least opportunity of carrying out their object. They exhibit a good deal the spirit of a certain American jour nalist. He Was intending to write a book on the scenery of Ireland, and found it necessary have a look at the Giant's Causeway. He had his look. A jaunting-car conveyed him from the railway terminus at Port rneh at 10 in the morning, and returned with him at 2 in the afternoon, thus giving him about half-an-hour to inspect one of the greatest of the world's wonders. He brought guide-book and a set of photographs back with him, however, and was heara to remark that he had had a most interesting conversa tion on the way with his Hibernian Jehu. Oneof the traffic regulations posted in the carriages gives you a very good opportunity of whiling away a few hours by the exercise of the reflective faculty. This notice is in the form of a caution to passengers 11 not to leave their seats (except at Antill Ponds) until their journey has been completed; but should they be compelled to do BO," to take the precaution of first informing the guard of their intentions. To adhere strictly to this regulation in the night journey from Hobart to Launceston, which takes more than 12 hours, would Barely be rather irksome. What are the railway company afraid oft Do they tremble leBt a burly passenger might upset the balance of the train, and capsize it by suddenly, and with out warning, moving from one side of the carriage to the other? And is that touching reminder to " inform the guard" meant as an instruction to that official to see that both sides of the carriages have their proper weight of ballast 7 One can imagine the following dialogue taking place: Elderly stout gentleman (loudly)-"Guard!" No answer. The guara is two carriages distant. " 1 say, guard! Come here!" " YeB, sir." " I want to leave my seat and cross to the other side of the carriage." " Certainly, Bir. Just one moment, please. Would you, madam, and you, my little man," addressing a lady and her son on the opposite side, " oblige by taking Beats on this Bide. Thank you. JNovc, sir, you may alter your seat." " Many thanks." Then the guard would certainly Btand a moment, survey the situation, and rub his hatids and smile, with the air of a man who has done his duty in an artistic manner, and retire to his van to Btudy up other regula tions. But, as a matter of fact, all these formalities are not observed. When a man wants to cross over " to the other side of the House " he does so without consulting any body, and in reckless disregard of the regula tion. A terrible accident muBt some day result from this foolbardiness. Without doubt it is a funny little railway altogether, but equally without doubt it seemB to meet all the requirements of the country through which it passes. ,. , . .. I might proceed to say something about the harbour, or rather embouchure of the Der went, and to describe how a party of us in a little pleasure steamer Btruck a sunken reef, and only escaped from our perilous situation by pushing our vessel off with long poles. Brown's River, with the Blow-hole, Mr. Uoir's shot-tower, and Kangaroo Point might also be referred to, but these things have been written about many a time and oft, and there is but little, if anything to add with regard to them, whoever desires to know more of the natural beauties of this charming country cannot do better^than take the earliest opportunity of visiting them, and of verifying scenes of which the beat written description can only produce on the imagination a feint picture. 