A TRIP TO THE OLD COUNTRY. We have been favored with the following further instalment of the journal kept by Mr. J>W. Castine, J .P., of' the trip he is at present taking, which will we believe prove of interest to. our readers :— Wishing tp visit my native place and its surroundings, I took an early opportunity to run into the south of Devon; and if the en- chanting words of Sir Walter Scott—" This is my own, my native land" had not been sufficient to make me love this land of mine, the surroundings of such a country as the south of Devon would, of necessity, compel me to exclaim—"O, beautiful land of roses fair." The trip from Yorkshire to Devonshire is at all times rather uneventful, and the first thing to strike one's attention is the change of dialect, as illustrated in the vocabularies of the stationmasters of the different counties, Yorkshire and Devonshire standing out in con- spicuous juxtaposition. One thing especially pleased me, that was the great care displayed by almost every stationmaster of the pretty flower gardens alongside the stations, and which at this time of the year are evidently in full bloom, and seen at their best ; some indulge in miniature rockeries, and many floral and rustic fantasies. July and August in Devonshire are evidently the flower months, as almost every third traveller met with is a possessor of a bunch of fresh flowers. One thing also I especially noticed, and that was the slow or sluggish manner in which the good people of Devon moved about, so differently to the North of England folks ; even the mode of travelling, especially by rail, is especially slow. One of my first outings was to Sheepston, situate amongst the hills of Dartmoor, about twelve miles from Ply- mouth. After passing through the fortifica- tion lines, we emerged upon the heather clothed hills of Roborougb, and after passing the old rock, with the noted profile of the Iron Duke worn upon it, we lost ourselves among the deep lanes of Horrobridge. Here are the haunts of the familiar white but- terfly, flitting hither and thither, the bee sucking from out of the white convolvulus its winter store of honey. Occasionally a stream was crossed, which meandering along its sinuous course, here slow, there rapid, containing many kinds of fishes, among which the lazy trout was especially to be noticed, as if offering itself as quite suitable for any piscatorial epicure, would they catch him. Occasionally a modest hamlet peeped through the hedgerows and trees, crowned with the towering pinnacle of the parish church, re- minding one of those small churches which Goldsmith associated with the good old vicar, passing rich with £80 a year. Upon enquiry I found that there were actually parishes whose ministers really did not receive a larger stipend than this. Contrary to Devonshire weather the day was clear and bright, and the moors were seen to their very best ad- vantage. My second trip was through Tavistock by rail to Launceston and neighborhood. Twenty-six years had nearly rolled away since I had visited this part of England, and the general improvements and additions to the town were most marked. I looked in vain for the old stocks in the church porch, where once I saw two men placed for playing cards on the Sabbath day. The church itself is one of the grandest of parish churches now in existence. Engaging a chaise, and having business some miles in the country, I again soon found myself closed in on either side with the 8ft. high hedge, laden with innumer- able wild flowers, amongst them the dear old honeysuckle, scarlet runner, and foxglove ; while the blackberry bloom seemed to remind one of the excursions when we did " a blackberry- ing go," which so often filled our parents' hearts with woe ; the clothes of course being sacri- ficed to the god of pleasure on these occasions. The fields on all sides seemed white to harvest, in fact a great many fields of barley had been or were being gathered in, and I was pleased to find in spite of the inclement weather ex- perienced during July, that many good crops had been saved. Of course being among the orchards of the west, I thoroughly appre- ciated the draughts of cider so hospitably offered at almost every farm house we put up to. Upon returning to Launceston, and after a hasty look at the old churchyard, the castle, and ancient gateway, I returned to Plymonth, the scenery through which we passed, the gorges and chasms we bridged, the many tors on our right and left, dripping tunnels through the granite hills, emerging on to fertile plateaus and coppices well stocked with the oak, the fir, and the elm, forming splendid cover for game—all combined to give a charm to the day's outing, and amply repaid me for the little inconvenience in getting away from my friends at Plymouth. Having heard a great deal of the old city of Exter with its time honored Cathedral, I took an early opportunity of visiting it, the capital of Devon. It is situated upon a hill on the east side of the river Exe. The castle on the hill is said to have been built by Julius Caesar 50 B.C., and like almost all large towns in England, lays claim to great antiquity. It is, however, well known that Roman legions permanently resided there. Ptolemy, the ancient and famous astronomer, mentions the town under the name of Isca et Seige Secunda Augusta, in proof of the Roman legions hav- ing there resided. Of couse the principal feature of the place is its cathedral, so pro- minently brought under the notice of the world by the late Reredoc law suit. The visitor is certainly well repaid for any trouble in wending his way along the corridor, and examining the curious and ancient monuments erected there centuries and centuries ago, in memory of the noble and the great, " who de- parting, have left behind them footprints in the sands of time." Here are the tombs of the Courtneys and Carews, and many Bishops of the Diocese from the 12th century. The screen that divides the body of the church from the choir, is supported in front by four beautiful purbeck stone pillars, from which spring the groins of three flat arches. In the niches above the arches in thirteen compart- ments are thirteen curious and very ancient paintings, illustrating various incidents of in- terest in Bible histoty from the creation to the descent of the Holy Ghost. This screen was erected in 1320. Of bells in the tower there are eleven, one of which, the " Giant Peter Bell," weighs 12,500lbs. There is a curious clock, erected by Bishop Courtney in 1480, showing not only the time but the old principles of astronomy. The earth is repre- sented by a globe in the centre, the sun by a fleur-de-lis, the moon by a ball painted half black and half white, which turns on its axis, and shows the different phases of that lumi- nary, &c.;, &c.; The organ of the cathedral is very fine. The Bishop's throne is extremely chaste and elegant, and to all lovers of ancient architecture this pyramid of carving is indeed a gem ; it rises fifty-two feet above the floor- ing of the choir, and at the time the city was invested and ravaged by Cromwell's troops this throne was carefully hidden away, and so escaped the destruction so common to all articles of vertu inside the churches during the commonwealth. I must not omit to say a word or two about my own native place, Plymouth, as of course every one is proud (or rather should be) of the associations which so often crowd around the town of one's infancy—" the land of his birth." How familiar were the streets, the Hoe, the citadel, the churches—everything, which for twenty long years had lived in my memory as almost an ideal town ; and as I stood upon the promenade of all promenades -—the Hoe—and cast my eyes around about me, brought to my recollection the sights that had been witnessed' from that vantage ground. How the Pilgrim Fathers had launched out from here in search of a new world ; how that Raleigh. Essex, and Fro- bischer had made it their point of departure in search of, then, unknown lands ; how that England's noble fleet sailed from out the Sound to engage Spain's Armada, and that, too, with such crushing effect; and then the sight in 1856 of England's navy after return- ing from the Crimean War lying quietly an- chored inside the breakwater. I could not help feeling proud of the country and nation to which I hare the honor to belong, and to indulge in the thought that " Britains never shall be slaves." I am just reminded of a little incident, re- ferred to by the late Charles Kingsley in his " Westward ho," that when intelligence of the approach of the Spaniards reached Ply- mouth, 'Sir Francis Drake and some other Captains were playing bowls upon the Hoe, and so disconcerted were they that Drake in- sisted upon the game being played out. This sample of calm coolness was again illustrated a few weeks ago, when the soldiers in Egypt were imperilled by Arabi, for they found a spare hour to play a game of cricket in the Square of Alexandria. So much for Britain's defenders. It would be useless for me to give an ac- count of a place so well known to all travellers, and probably even a condensed report would not be appreciated much. I must, however, refer to one or two places of interest which especially deserve notice. Correctly speaking there are three towns that really form the port of Plymouth, and it is, as a port, I believe considered to be one of the finest royal naval ports in the world. Here are to be found the victualling yards of the Royal Navy, which are well worth a careful run through. The Key- ham Dockyard also contains much of very great interest, and in itself is a labyrinth of machinery suitable for ship building, &c.; I suppose no place in the world is more strongly fortified, and although the good old citadel is rather weak as a fortress, yet the forts which surround it on either side are sufficiently strong to protect the whole of the approaches to the harbor. The new Eddystone is a fine structure, and as we steamed by, at not many yards distant, on September 10, I thought of the many thousands of grateful hearts, who, after doing business in the great waters, in returning to their native land catch a glimpse of that beacon, warning the mariner against shipwreck, and notifying close proximity to a haven of safety hard by. The Sound is a most safe harbour, and the Breakwater, one mile across the Sound, breaks the heavy swells rolling up so often from the Atlantic. Before the Conquest Plymouth was called Tamarweartli, afterwards Sutton. This name is still retained in the name Sutton-pool. Flymouthians used to be called " fischars." The town has repeatedly suffered from French ' invasion. Drake established an excellent water supply for Plymouth, and the stream leading from the Dartmoor hills to Plymouth is most religiously kept as an only means whereby the town obtain its water supply. I was particularly struck with the excellent manner in which the reservoir is kept at the head of the town. It is surrounded by high iron railings, and in various parts are pretty fountains and jets, through which the water disports itself, much to the enjoyment of the passers by. In 1620 the Pilgrim Fathers left in that noted little ship, the " Mayflower," for New England, and in grateful remembrance of their native land, they called their new home New Plymouth. During the civil war Plymouth espoused the cause of the Parliament. The Royalists, headed by the King, summoned the citadel to surrender, but without avail—all efforts were in vain. The citadel was, however, almost starved out, when immense shoals of fish made their appearance under the walls of the fort, and large numbers being caught by the beseiged, they were enabled to successfully withstand all further assaults. The archaeology of Plymouth is of a most innteresting character, and the old houses, &c.;, well repays one for a visit to them. The old church, is a stately old edifice, and I believe is one of the few churches in England that tolls the curfew bell. The new Gothic Town Hall and Guildhall at Plymouth are grand civic buildings—a statue of Drake sur- mounts the globe of the Council Chamber, below is a medallion carving of Her Majesty, and at the end one of Raleigh. While at Plymouth I went to the Royal Western Horticultural Society's Show, held in Guildhall. The show was an excellent one, the vegetables especially good. Edison's in- candescent electric light was used to light up the tent outside, but I fear the machinery did not work well, as the light was far from good. One feature of the show was the setting out of a dinner table with flowers and ferns, as decorations for an ordinary dejeuner. It was novel, ard well worthy of imitation. The fruits were very fine, but in no quantity. The dahlias were very noticeable and fine. Great improvements are being made in and around the town by large and magnificent villas, hotels, churches, and clubs being erected north, south, east, and west, and the style of architecture generally is far superior to that of twenty years ago. The regatta and swimming matches still have a firm hold upon the townspeople, and so popular have they become that much interest is annually evinced in the various contests. During the past ten years Plymouth has wonderfully extended towards Manamora, and it seems as if the time is not very far distant when she will he ranked among the largest towns in England. She, however, lacks much of the energy, the push, and go of her northern relatives, and in manufactures she certainly does not take the position her local advantages entitle her to. She depends very much upon her naval and military inhabitants, and whenever a war (as at present is the case) occurs, and reduces the garrison's strength, then trade suffers very considerably. How- ever, Plymouth must always be a favorite resort for those who revel in maritime scenery, and who require fresh, invigorating sea air. 