THURSDAY MORNIN, F 6 :23.1882 S?Tg vital statistics of this colony for '188S81, as compiledb, bIy r, Reiaytr, * the Government statist,' will ' be examined with great interes t y every one' who-watches' the progress, and takes an steoresi in the advancement . of this'colony. :-"We may feel :assured it all or nearly alofthese statistics are absolutely correct for all purposes _ f refernico or cimparison,i anda thi .'sees of 'one most-importan; item which .asre. under .the: provsion of Act of. .rParliament, very cominplete records aie "ri's~which are -known to l occu: hin ;,Victoa, the birt.Tl.s?,and d.-tis hei, ."ecorded by deputy'registrars;,and' the telergyent .throughoutn? ' the =ecoilony. th` celrrgcdebrated g hVictsria during, .-1880, numbered 5,286 as the excess being-just 300, ,b and more marrigeis took place in, 1880 .than in any previous u earn The. marriage rate ,tenuer` ha . mryearsi past beeti dee.-r ing, and.whilst in. 1861.and 11863 it was as:high" a 8 Ipe? 000 of, both sexes, antdllcages, it was in 1880 onl 6.2 per 1,000; and this imiished: per centage raises thequestion whether thvteistlenc o iirry aiss aected by the prosperity of marriageable mates and by other ircumstances by whhieh they are surrounded. In comparison. with the marriage rates In Australasiassa .eroonies from 1869 ; to ?1878, Victoria .tands lowest of ,the seen. colonies, a the number of .marriaes within iest ounddary .per r 000om " of mean pope.. lation being 6 37, whilet:i iQueensland It is 813, which is exceptionally highi for; in comparison with ,.other British possessions, Seychelles' and Biermidas alone come near it with an annual rate respectively of 8.7, and 8.3. But any one who has made the acquaintanceship of Beamudians in any but their ,native .land, the rocks, which as Captain *IMarrystt has stated, if they could once detach, they would transport . to Ame 'rica, and who has known them in any the -several towns: of South. America The United States, orthe West Indies, ewhither. they. migrate temporarily, know also that like the Swiss they pine an suffer from " home sickness" until they are enabled to return having realised a competence, and fulfil their their, marriage engagements .to tie Inethrothals. whom for a short period they had left behind them in the " still .vei.'dBermoothes" It may interest some of our readers to be told that marriages hero are more numerous in the autumn and spring quarters, that four-fifths of the unions which annually take place are between bachelors and spinsters, and also, that during the year 1880 the' numbers signing the moarriage register with marks were 218 out of 5,286, the numbers that were :marriied, being a mean of 4-13, whilst Sin the United Kingdom the mean is ery much .in excess of this low per centage, and which fact speaks favor: sdly for the culture of Austraians 'whether immigrant or nativoebrn.` In gre d teo the b.fts; rate MDarr; Agelter' tells us that it has been deoreasing dilgfor yesra Past andtiTn 1 880 "was lower than it wase Inaiy year' foiL h':peviy'tw tytheb per 1;000 being 30075, whereas oi 1862 it etdeshratesiwo dind that' .of thei ev coloniesi Victoria occupiicilfhe1fifth lpioshion, u of the:seven, and, it nmay orts kttnbsi~'tligtlihatthi ý tilaierate climtebi Vifctoria bu this we think may be seocounted for by the fact, that being a new colony, the emigranti to Queensland aro people of robust con stitution. in th prime of lifo,. who hhAve left behind them, in the old coun try, and for a. short perioid (until the pioneers have adapted tlihlusulves:to th country) thd relations andi friends whom theyc desire i to invite to' this "now ]and of our iiinAustrsli? . The value of thestatiatices with ;which Haytr'hfurniahi' ?.sus in thiat we may institute a comparison betwee the pro. gross which ;ve are pstioig, and, that. which, is being done nhy.,our r fellow s en honorable rivalry, pnd theat efirts of ine coloni to attradct the attentioni of the capitalists of Europe Ihither is, dr or ought to be, ean incentive to others as well us to ourselves to :.put forth their etrengtl end `Victoria; 'o's ng to the ;salubrity o, her climate, her mineral resources, the adeptastina of thu .land for agriculturall as ,well as, pastoral iursuits, ought to takli the foremost place,: and manatisia+ the same ain thi southern hemisphere . A popuilrnmusica l mslid' elocutioniry oirtelaidimoit o behalf of the; Maira :Wesleyan.r Tst Fund, will be givenait the Shire Hall; MaffIra, on-Monday, the 27th instant. An: excellent: progren -'m hasi beea sdodptsdoions will known vocahliste and telocutionista' ,cnames appearing thereirn. All those whb ttendeidthe last enitertainmnet' given by minstfo the ?eme' p+nu wtre io welp satisfied with the proficoiency of the performa ce, that there is: no doubt but they, will not only patroise the 'entrtainmbent hoemsllves, but also peirsuade their friends to cacom-s pauy them. }We ame ''glad ,tor that the receiving geninal support, arid,.that.,the hon. secrttary, .r 'Peters? his received' a subscription of £2 2. 'towarls si itfnds .froma the henrW's . CalO aleoti,, of £1 from eourmember, Msr: Al b'Lean. SSuch an institution med-it the" support of every one and. it is satifactory ,o: anpounc that 'funds will be evaslahie to erect a building creditabi to . the distriot:,,a i i. :, .The railway, eurveyors have I nouw brouslit their line from Heeldinto; 3Ma£ra, and have surveyed about half way t nhrough. the owuiship,. . The-present direction of the .line as, marked out, is from a little to the south of Mr. Gilney's villa, t?-ti"ht ion to' the` brick kilns ;whence~ .b we upose; it will proeed o to Stritiord ?..r .. On Monday last[ Messes. A. 3'Lenn arid Co., ;' ubfmitted to 'auction,' :t 1eir yanrds, Mafre, 180 horses, for W.It.L Newton;, Esq. of Little Plain, Maneroe.' There was a 'number of buyers present, anri the bidding wla brisk, the whole mob' wea: sold, and averaged satisfactorily Considering the large numbers of horses that have passed through Mesers. tri'Lean and Co.'s, hands during the last few weeks,tho average was good. :r. Newton: has evidently used great discretion in selectifig the class of horses suited for this market, as the average obtained, viz., £10 13a, is' the highest recorded for .years. in Gippaland for suh ,a large mob.... We have esuered .the same infliction this year as last,,when "all the grave was' eaten off by traielling sheep. For "four day, a large flock seep haliei" besa grac ng onlthe townhe common and adjaceint roads, demolishing every" blade of grass. The consequoenice is that unless iu?incomsii verysoon it will.boua bad; tima wthi the carriers horsesa nd town `cattle,; more ospecially as, the. groator' pai of the farmer's comnnon. is' d?troed byfire. There is na objectipn to travelling stock grazing on our common duringJogitimata transit, but if the law allow,'thom toikee moving al'out for days consuming all the feed, theO soier sucklaw is anmendedl the better. " Lately dastardly attempts have been made, by some unserupulous. persons to frighten those who have occasion to pass the Maffra cemetery after dark., So many have been annoyed by this tom-foolery of late, that a couple of young men have volunteered to keep a strict surveillance over the matter ad intend trying whether " the ghost" is mortal or not by noticing on it. SHj t,;sRa"d ires have bion et.o rule igiee.lqtpublicdtio.; Fort hlaeotlewdays wo.have oa.elr seson. the oppeoitt aide of the street 'distitctly for dust and ??oke 'cesnGed. Bush fires had .bon'i agging in;; the"hila. bovi.Upper -,Mpfifa and .Brigolong -for some ' days. Ne's has ieoched uof opsidirablqt'daniaq having ]voxgonong and the hbidsean .riperte a a gr?est portios'bfI the Iafta;a Faneoris Colninon'na' hMving boeen burnt; Mir. D, Uul( has had ia qeitit ity of griias diteu troyod, he espppsqs.l by an. incondiary. The other day a seman ridingthlrough Mr. 'W. Oloniomt's pladdocl, set fif, to theo grass, wlhich was, fortunateloy, put out by, 2f Allerdyce and-is harvest hands. Had tho'efire net bedº'i topjed so oppor. tunoly thle greater portionof tho Upper 3fatfa fanils woild have ben biurnt out. Y1eterdi;y aftornriooBi at, about h.llf pst thee, a terrifiG dust storm "eswept over Maifra, the thermoautoer standing' at 06 dog. in the shadeo; plates of busiieas closed thqir doors, and in many instasce,, lit their lamps. Accounts frona outsido state numbers of trees: were torn up by .the rat., and sevtral'staloksblows over . On Tuesday, ; esars. I. Gthrldge and Co., hoeld"asuooessful sad aofMr-J. H. Stone's - land and stock, at Glenmaggio. There ,was lwlarge atten4anoe of buyers from all parts, and thebiddlng was spirited Thbl and¾wa' linmleod down t4M .M!aeno farlan for 4 4s4pee 1thr an bimntsing tocldent'actrred daring ths sale, when a couplooiOgjntlmoU n on leaving, suddenly started a hare, which they 'managedto run- ihamongat, tho bidders, causing a sensatlon reaulting in pussy's. captures ,. A number of pac horsesa passed throungh here.,yeterday, lo aled tfor the Orooked hver district. They are the property oft a min f? b thoroughly knows the anges, and fade-this route' a'muh supaioar one previously pointed out that awellgrnased, good, pack road -exists .from the above dlstricto by :following.the:.alloy of the Mroraka,ad dropping into the Macalsirtr iver o Any mofthe miners once trying:; this routa.would never attempt theold At an extiaordinaiy meeting of share holders in the SeeIt-IOut?Gold" Mling Company, held athoe Mchanifa'Instiuto, Driagalong, on the 11th instant, it was resolved-l That the capital of: the com pany be increased to £5,000; by issue of 2,500 Iehres of one pound' each, to be called up as`, follows--=One' shilling.e r share on application ono hillingper atiar on allotment, the remainder in callas no to exceed spene per said e per montli if On: Saturday last?in the ' iiddla ofatthe 'day,is man and boy who were travelling with a spring-cart and saddlehorias frem Mtar towards Hayfiteld, lit aifire toboil their billy near the big watorlilo on the maidroad. at MewburnPark. There was plenty of room at the edge of the :hblo bare t r? thaint wad~ld h~ve sufficed fori bfire on; tho.grassy part ofathe) road, buit were' careless enough to leave the same burning, and.the grass caught fire. :rs. W lain, who'was passing ait thoe time, managed to beat out the .burning, grass, and with one or two limonade bottles'that were lying about sha maiinagead to carry watoer from the hole and 'atiaguish the burning wood that had 'been. laft 'If Mfrs Woolan had . not s i pliortunely arrived,. the probability is that a great poition of Mewburn .Park wotld have ben burnt. It in supposed the;travellers were connected. with the sheep sold' at Mafra on Friday, and were:going- on to Toongabbie.. ... . 