ftrmg of A "Wonderful Escape. — One of the mo6t sensational accidents that has been witnessed in Hamilton occurred on Thursday morning, and should act as a caution to driven not to remove the winkers from a horse whilst the is between the shafts. Shortly before 9 o'clock, as Mr. Greig was driving into town with his mother-in-law, Mrs. Forsyth, the horse's bit broke, and Mr. Greig got down to endeavour and remedy the matter. In doing so, be incautiously removed the winkers when, as a matter of course, the borse sprang forward and got out of his reach. The sodden jerk threw Mrs. Forsyth partially out of the buggy, her head coming in contact with the fore carriage, where it remained tightly fixed whilst the horse went down the bill into Lonsdale-street, along that thoroughfare, and turned into Thomson -street, where it was eventually stopped near the Prince of Wales Hotel. Those who. from a short distance, saw the buggy going along were under the impression that it was an empty vehicle with a rue flying over the wheel, bat were' greatly shocked on approaching nearer to see that what they took to be a rug was a lady'6 dress. So tightly was Mrs. Forsyth wedged in that the buggy had to be lifted, and very .great care taken by Messrs. Routiedse, Lindsay, and Ferguson, before she could be extricated from about as perilous a position as ever a human being could be placed in. When released, Mrs. Forsyth, who is approaching 70 years of age, declared herself to be unhurt, otherwise showed herself to be possessed of wonderful nerve, and returned home during the morning as though nothing wonderful had occurred. There can, however, be little doubt the shock to her system must halve been very great. It is extremely fortunate the borse was so quiet ; most animals unaccustomed to being in the shafts without winkers would not have been stopped so easily, the fluttering of the dress would have caused thpm to kick the buggy to smithereens, and Mrs. Forsyth must inevit ably have been killed. The Steamboat Collision. — The action of Steere v.' the Western Steam Navigation Company terminated on Thurs day, when the jury gave a verdict for the full amount claimed, £1,000. IjARBlKiNisaL — On Sunday night or Monday morning a large piece of metal was thrown through one of the large plate-glass windows of the Bank of Australasia in Thomson-street. The act is believed to have been wilful, and, if so, it is much to be regretted the thrower of the stone cannot be discovered aud punished. Portland and Warrnambool. — In the "additional estimates" £1200 has been set apart for providing shelter for fishermen's boats at Portland, and £750 to assist the Shire Council -of Warrnambool in maintain ing that portion of the Gedimg and Belfast road which runs through their ahire, they to expend « like amount. - The "Sketches." — The last num ber of the Australian Sketcher contains, in addition to an excellent portrait of the late Hon. Robert Ramsay, a very graphic descrip tion of scenes in connection with the late Fire Brigades demonstration, humorously drawn sketches of the horsey men and horses always to be seen at Kirk's bazaar, and a number of other illustrations which serve to make the issue as good a one as yet pub lished. . The Ankual Ploughing Match. — At a meeting of the General Committee of the Pastoral and Agricultural Society to "be nera on -nnaay next, snere win pe cansiaerea a proposal to vote £30 in aid of the anneal plonghing match, and it is most probable that at least this sum will be so voted. We mention tbis for the information of the 'members of the Farmers Union, who are to hold a meeting this afternoon to take, amongst other business, the ploughing match into consider ation. The P and A Society also propose to set apart £5 in aid of thesheep dog matcb. A Coming Event. — Hie Evening Post thus alludes to an interesting event which is to take place in Hamilton on Wed nesday next : — " The approaching marriage of a well-known resident of Ballarat East, with an accomplished lady bailing' from the Hamilton district is creating much interest in Hebraicandlocalmusicalcireles. Thenoptials, we understand, will be celebrated at the last named township this day week, and the ad vent hither of the new-made bride will add one more to the iistof Ballacat's accomplished jiuaiisUs." Our contemporary is quiet cor rect, there are' lew more accomplished musicians jthan theyonng lady in question." . Cms.— The. .number of cats that are how prowling about is something wonderful, . many of them being as -wild as March hares. . In; the jEubhihs ihey AW especially nnnierofis,' and the householders have greatly suffered from their depredations, joints of meat, chifkens, Ac. , disappearing in a most magical manner te feefog thoroughly spoilt At one house no fewer than thirteen wandering cats havebeenidestniyed, bnt the they come." Really it would not be a bad- idea were « tax imposed on them ; bnt, it is presumed, it would be. nsking too much of ,tbe inspector to reqnire him -to ..catch and IriUaUrmregistered pussies. : Bailwav Inspection,— Mr. Ander son, the General Traffic tnanager. 'Hr. Green, of thei-Railwky: Department passed through Hamilton yesterday, , by. jpaari Jrsin, fen.foute tb Pprtiaha. They are engdd bn an inspec- , Ron oflinre)end-8taiip!ps,;: littie or. n othing to ddJiere, jsimply waiting, in laot, J for the train dram PprHand toamve before ' teeyprbpose&fo; teffieatetdtiie raUway-. site, being a mile away from the town, is not ajudicious one. Probably -a station near the Custom House will be recommended, but before this recommendation can be carried info effect, money must be made available. The three officers passed through on their return journey last idght. Dratsons not Dragoons.— In our account of the whist match' at Dunked' we were made to call the players there "local Dragoons." What we wrote was "local Draysons," Colonel Drayson being (he great authority on whist. The " coinp " who set the par ought to be "dragooned." \- "Local Lacing Event.— We leam that a match will take place on Monday morning on the Hamilton Racecourse, between Mr. Win. Chandler's bay mare " First Love," and Mr. P. Sloan's hay -home "Mick Roche." The . amount of the stakes is £10 a-side, and. the (race .will oome aflat 8.30 a_m. Disthocephalfh-inite: ' Mb. Akehcbst, P. ML bas now taken charge of the South. Western Police district including Warmamboql, plelfagt, BnOadL; Koroit, Mortlake, Garainut, Penshurst and ' Macartbor having been appointed to act as Police Magistrate in that district, consequent upon the determination to retain Mr. ' Webster in Sandhurst. . THEDEEpXiui) MVBTSBY. — Acowd- ingto the ApeRie&i;&veForster; bM collected a large amount of information gince the coma mittal of.Bryne, throwing a flood of light on the tragedy. Oar contemporary Bays, the additional information collected not only tends to strengthen that already made pnblic, bnt one part of it goes to connect Btyue with another terrible crime.-" V-'jf A Progressive Land Tax.— Mr. Woods has given notice to move on Wednes day, June 1 A — (On going into committee on the Amending Land Bill p— That in any amendment -of the Lamd'Tai Act the progressive principle of taxation be adopted ana applied to au janas auensreo irom roe Crown, estimated on the capital value of such lands and . The the large-quantity jjgsm'liattyijtejLy have fallen last monEh tudyfii miSies' raf recorded at the post-office as .compared with 3.9 indies in 18SX, 3. 12 indies in 1880, and 3.32 inches in 1877. In fact, many of onr. swamps arc still, comparatively speaking, dry, and a great deal morfe rain will be re quired before one will be able to look forward with any degree of confidence towards next summer. There is no donbt,'i however, the recent rains haye been the means of doing an immense amonnt of rood. The Totalisator. — Last January the Crown Solicitor gave an opinion, which was endorsed by the Attorney-General, as to the totalisator. He stated that there was no donbt that the totalisator was an instru ment of gaming within the meaning of the act No. 532, but that, if it was used in a reserve to which only members of a dub had' access, and if the betting was exclusively confined to snch members, and .the totalisa tor was their property, the police would not be justified in interfering. Bat, added the Crown Solicitor, the dub must be a bona fi'ls one ; and, if persons other than mem bers of tbe dab resorted to the reserve, and were permitted to bet, then such reserve: would be a common gaming house. The Ireland Dramatic Company.— ; The above talented company concluded their ! season in tbe Town Hall on Thursday i evening, and received very fair patronage t The play produced was one well known to play- goers, and lengthily described in onr last issue, viz., " The Colleen Bawn." The whole of the characters were ably rendered, bnt Mr, Barry's representation of " Danny Mann " was certainly a most masterly piece , of acting. Mr. Martin Forde as " Myles " kept tbe audience in a simmer of laughter by his witticism and songs, and Mr. Ireland was much admired for his . representation of "Hardness," the gentleman. Miss Vinson and Miss Ireland are also deserving of a word of praise. Tbe piece was well put on, and the return of this excellent company to Hamilton will be looked forward to "with pleasure. Parliamentary Notes. — Die Budget debate was resumed on Thursday before a very thin house. Mr. Berry ex pressed great doubts as to whether the Treasurer's estimates would be realised, and condemned the increase in the expenditure of £493,000, whilst the taxation was to be reduced by remissions amounting to £140,000. Mr. Berry did not object to the reductions on the postage rates, nor those on beer and tea, but he disapproved of tbe large expenditure- o.a defence works and increasing tbe police force. Sir John O'Sbanassy, on the other hand, opposed in tolo the reduction of duties and said that the present prosperity of the colony was not likely to be nnlntaimj kt there had been a bad season for grass in Riverina, which would affect the yield of wool and the lambing, and these results would be felt in Victoria. Messrs. Pearson, Fisher, Walsh, and . Mirams having nn- burthen ed themselves of their views, progress was reported on the motion of Major Smith, A Very Narrow Escape from utter destruction has been experienced by the Bhip " Mist ley Hall." which arrived on Thursday from London. This vessel sailed on 5th March, and on deck there was a ship- mcnt of acids close to the main hatch. On April 9, when in lat. 4 deg. N. and Ion. 24 dug. W., one of the cases, whether from spontaneous combustion or other cause, ignited, and the flames shot np to a height of 6ft. or 7ft. Tbe A rgus adds : — There was a rush to remove the burning acids, and, in assisting to throw tbe cases overboard; Gapt. Kilvert and the chief officer with several of the crew got severely burned. The powder, of which there was a considerable quantity on board, was stowed -in the square of the main batch, and the tarpaulin covering- the batch was burned through- Smoke was observed coming out, and in order to see if any fire had got below the hatches were lifted. A quantity of powder was jettisoned with a view to discover if any burning pieces of tarpaulin had got through® but fortunately this had not happened. A disaster, appall ing to contemplate was thus averted, and the feeling of relief on board was as genuine as it was general. Church of England and Bbxsby- terian Chubch Pastoral Aid Society. — This Society has been in' existence for several years. Its object is to aid the stipends of the poorer clergy in districts where the Chnrch of England and the Presbyterian Church co-operate in providing the services of ministers alternately, the understanding being that the ministers of both churches shall not condnct divine service in the same place on the name day. While it helps poor .districts, -it also tends to prevent the unnecessary mnltiplicatibn of churches where no adequate provision can be made for the support of . their ministers. Mr.. G. O. Duncan, formerly Inspector- General of Penal Establishments, has, since his retirement from that position, undertaken to promote the interests of this institution. He will therefore address a meeting in the Presbyterian Chnrch here next Tuesday evening, when he will fidly explain the objects and operations of thn Society. The only districts in this part of the colony which appear to have received aid from the fund last year are Condah and- Edenhope, i including Apsley ; £30 were divided between the ministers of the two churches in each. of these cases. A Dumb Jockey. — As a' rule pro fessional jockeys are very lively littie fellows and furnished with long tongues when at all put out, bnt Mr. Hcin-y Barrett, of . ouir local horsebreaking establishment has im ported a dumb rider. These have been in use in England for some time, batsofar have not found favour in the eyes of Yictoriaii horsebreakers, jrbo, it i» said, are too con servative find do not like to ran out J of the' old groove. "Whatever the reason, there can be no donbt tbe "dumb jockey" as the appara tus is called, is well calCTdated to give a yonng horse a good month withnnt distressing or annoying it too much. To a framework strapped on to the back an elastic bridle, communicating with the bit, is «fiixed, and the gentle pull thus given to the ' horse as 'it turns its head to one side or another ' is far' preferable to the -ccmpkrative beaw jerks that a professional horaebreaker would have to give It to keep ite head -straight. On a station one of these machines would be invaluable, as hoists moutii 'coald be gradually prepared Witiiont foe tor- vices mahheing wasted on -tbat dperation. TTie machine Eas beiai paiterded by Blackwdl, of London, and Mr. Barrett will biily be too glad to show" it toanjt perBon interested In"; such matoergj-butalso has some hack-jmnp- ingond otherhita whhshare weUwp&yof.; Condah Swamp. — A meeting is to be held at Gongh'e Hotel, Branxholme, this evening, for the purpose of taking steps! to get Condah Swamp thrownppen - for selection. . . ,% r:. Mr. Gambier Winter Meeting, — " Nominations, accompanied by flare dnfe. to-day at Mt. Gambier, for five of the most important events at the Winter Steeple- cbase Meeting. (.Bolters across, the BopDEB-frOn Wednesday," June 7, Mr. MTntyre is to ask' the Attorney General if he will, during the nresgrt session, take .snch action aa maybe, necessary to lead to reciprocal legislation as shall permit of the collection of debts in this and the neighbouring colonies after an order, udgment, or verdict bas been obtained for i he sum need for inanyone of them.' "— 3ERD -WHEAT TO DBBSITUTE F4mcBR8.-Jn -reply to Mr.- M<0oH rate- Wednesday, Mr. C. Young said that he had received applications from certain selectors for seed, whest to enaMe ;tbem to sow their land, they anrgmg that 'they could not afford to pay for it ; bnt one of the most experienced Crown Lands bailiffs inquired into the cases, and reported that, with .one exoepti wheat 'required. He, therefore, thought it ' dnwiseto accede to the requests. Stock and Stations. — Messrs. W. 81oaae and Go. report having Bold (in conjunction with Messrs. Macdermott, Longhnaa, and Scarr), by auction, on account of Messrs. Power Bros, their Highlands station, situated in the Mitchell district, Queensland, consisting of. .the runs or blocks known as Strarthcbnan No. 1, Stcathoonon "No. 2, StrathconanNo. 3, StrathconanNo. 5, Strathconon Np. 6, and Strathconon No. 7, comprising aa area of 300' square miles, together with 1,300 cattle, horsey plant, stores, Ac., for £70,000 to Mr. G. W. Davis. Horseshoeing. — Amongst other prizes to be given at the next agricultural show will be one for horseshoeing, tbe horses in the trade that aa expert with whompone of them "are acquainted should be United from Melbourne, Brilarat,, or Gedongto act as judge. The suggestion Is a good pne, because, if it is camiadont, it will do', away with all idea of favoritism sad inspme Con fidence. Of coarse it will cost something; Ito obtain snch services ; bat the proper shoeing of horses is jeally a most importantrthiog in a district Jike tins, and the expense -will not be grudged by any owner of a steed. ' 'h Wheeler's Hibkrnioon Troopk.— This Company gave their first'ff ' tbo performances at the Town Hall last evening to a very appreciative and attentive audience. The proceedings con sisted principally of a sketch of a tonr through Ireland, the object being a search for the perfect specimen of the potato, and were interspersed with songs, dances, Ac. Mr. Wybnrd who took the part of C. P. " Doolittle, did. his character to perfection. Mr. Frank Wheeler was >a great success as Johannes Scblaos and subsequently as Jaffna Coffee, in which latter capacity he evoked roars pf laughter, especially when he inter viewed the ghost in the Devil's .glen. Mr. ' B. Wheeler had a lot to do in . his dual parts of Barney GNeal and Mrs. O'Connor, and in both was all there. Molffe O'Connor was undertaken by Mrs. B. Wheeler who threw a deal of verve into her park ; In the courtship scene she shone most, and was thoroughly appreciated. Notwithstanding (he threaten- ing aspect of the weather a very good audience greeted the performers. The com pany advertise to give their seoond and last entertainment to-night. PENSHURST. — The Presbytery of Hamilton met in the Church at Pens- hurst on Tuesday last, to make arrangements for the ordination and induction of the Rev. J. R. Anderson, M.A, as minister of Penshurst. These arrangements having been satisfactorily completed, the Presby- tery adjourned to meet again in the even- ing to proceed with the induction service, in the presence of tbe congregation. During the interval the Board of Management of the Church entertained the Presbytery at dinner at the hote, Mr. J, Mackiehan, of Yulangah, presiding. About twenty gen- tlemen were present. Public worship com- menced at 7 o'clock in the evening. The Rev. W. C. Wallace preached an appropriate and able discourse. The Rev. J.K. Mac- millan put the usual questions to the congregation and minister; then ordained and inducted Mr. Anderson to the office of the " Holy Ministry," and to the charge of the church at Penshurst ; and afterwards addressed him on the duties and responsibil- ities of the work to which he had been appointed. The Rev. W. J. Gillespie delivered the charge to the congregation, entreating them to esteem their minister very highly in love for his work's sake, and urging them conscientiously to perform all the duties arising out of their relation to their pastor. At the close of the service the newly-inducted minister, accompanied by the Rev. J. K. Macmillan (who has had superintendence of the charge during the vacancy) repaired to the door of the chnrch, where he received a cordial welcome from the members of his congregation. Dentistry. — Mr. Thwaifces -will-visit Portland, Mac's Hotel,. Jane 22nd and 23rd ; Hamilton, Commercial Hotel, 24th, 25th, and 26th ; Balmoral, Lang's Hotel, 27th ; Harrow, Pilven's Hotel, 28th and 29th; Chetwynd, Flack's Hotel, 30th ; Casterton, - Gray's Hotel. July 1st and 2nd; Merino. Myckwood'e Hotel, 3rd ; Coleraine, Wells' Hotel, 4th and 5th ; Hamilton (return), 6th and 7th ; Portland (return), 8th, 9th, and 10th Jnly.— Advt. HCBSAY ACT LAHKAKS FLORIDA WATER unsurpassed for Handkerchief, Toilet and Bath. Huffily fragrant. Arnolds Balsam or Hobxbouct.— Nothing so quickly cures Cough®, Bronchitis, Asthma, Shortness of Breath, and Weak Chest, as tida Balsam. Excellent in Whooping Cough. Very safe and efficacious for children. One dose gives instant rebef. (Its occasional use greatly strength ens both chest and voice. Sold by -all Chemists and Storekeepers. —(Advt. Weston's Wizard Oil.— In tins wonderfu medicine the discoverer believes he has combined in harmony more of Naturals sovereign curative properties, which God has instilled into the vegetable kingdom for healing thesick, than are to be fonnd in any other remedy. 11 cures all diseases of tiie Throat, Dungs, iitvee snd Blood. and renovates and invigorates the whole system, Its medical properties are alterative, tonic, solvent, and diuretic. Feakk Wxstok, Sole Proprietor. (2) 