While Parliament was sitting a promise was given by the head of the Government that no more explosives would be allowed to be carted through the streets of Footscray, but that they should be carried by water up to the magazine. After Parliament had risen the same practice was continued, to the manifest danger of the inhabi tants, and o.’i the urgent representa tions of the member and the Borough Council a regulation was framed pro hibiting the practice. That regulation was to take effect on Monday week last, but by the daily papers it is made known that in deference to the wishes of a deputation of importers Sir Bryan O’Loghlen had suspended on Tuesday the regulation that was to take effect on Monday, so that the dangerous practice is again allowed, nominally to afford time for the importers to get rid of their stock now lying in hulks in the bay. In other words to oblige two importers and to save them the expense of the charges for safe storage of their explosives at the magazine erected for that purpose at a cost of £75,000, and which costs £800 or £1000 a year for officials, the lives of a population of 6000 are jeopardised every day by the cartage of powder, dynamite, and other explosives through the streets, with all the liability to accident thereby involved, while the magazine is practically empty, the average quantity of powder stored there being aboiit five tons. The only reason that can be assigned for the action is that of cost, and as the importers -would bo the ones to pay these extra charges, the risk is thrown on the community, in despite of the solemn promise to the contrary of the Ministry. It is well known that quite recently there was in the hulk Empire a quantity of dynamite equal to 560 tons of gun powder, sufficient to destroy every building within five miles if it had exploded, and yet in the face of an empty and costly magazine, a protest ing borough, and Ministerial pledges, and a regulation passed by the Governor-in-Council, the whole is set aside at the wish of a few importers, and a breach of faith made with the members who obtained the promise, the House which ratified it, and the town whose inhabitants are in dread of their lives ; and for what ? that a few wealthy firms may grow more wealthy by evading the payment of storage fees at the magazine. By all weans, if no other way exists, let the fees be abolished, and the explosives stored free rather than run the risk of destruction of life and property to such an extent as is threatened by the dangerous practice of carting the packages through the open streets. The question remains unanswered— What is the value of Ministerial pledges ? Fob many years it has been a source of regret to the residents of the village that but little attraction for visitors existed in our midst, save the shipping and the clock, and that while these brought thousands of people for a hasty view, there were no inducements offered for a longer stay. In fact that even while it was acknowledged on all hands that the south beach could be made a most enjoyable promenade, and that the sea water on that shore was peculiarly clear and free from muddy impurities that are carried round the Sandridge and St Ivilda shores, yet still there was no accommo dation for visitors at a proper seaside hotel, while we yet had the natural advantages alluded to, as well as those of nearness to the city and a singularly cool climate, generally ten degrees below the temperature on the other side of the bay. Several attempts have been made to start a sea-bathing and sea-side hotel company, but up till the present these have not been succeessful from the absence of support by the local men. We are pleased, however, now to have to record the purchase, by a number of gentlemen, of the block of land known as Hannan’s farm, near the Butts reserve, where a large hotel of fifty rooms is intended to be erected; and a lease has also been secured of a portion of the clean sandy beach, on which will be constructed a large bathing enclosure got up in the best style for comfort and seclusion. Messrs Terry and Oakden, architects, are commissioned to prepare the plans and specifications for the hotel, and no time will be lost in starting the work of building. In view of the intended continuation of the jroad by prison labor up to the point in question, even if no further, will open a fine drive along the beach, and if it were only blinded effectually would be used even now as a promen ade by the large number of family groups which may bo seen there almost every evening. The enterprise of the gentlemen who have taken the initia tive in the new beach hotel and bathing'scheme deserves to meet with success, and we have no doubt that many other improvements will soon be started, and that an era of prosperity is dawning upon the borough. By telegram from Europe, it was rumoured yesterday, that an attempt had been made to assassinate Her Majesty the Queen, but up to a late hour no further intelligence was to About ten o’clock last night, the glare of a fire apparently in the bay, gave rise to the surmise that some ship was on fire, but the blaze disappeared very rapidly, and no dis aster was reported. Mr W. M. Clark will address his constitu ents this evening at eight o’clock, in the Mechanics’ Institute, Footscray. Four births and five deaths at Williams town, and five births and three deaths at Footscray are recorded to the week ending 18th February. Councillor Mitchell and Mr Youell, waited on the .Minister of Public Works on Wed nesday, and obtained a promise of £300 for repairs to the Swamp road. Mr T. C. Hodgkinson, bon. secretary to the Educational Committee of the Eight Hours, intimates in another column that donations for the school prize-fund from ladies and gentlemen willing to assist in the good work, will be very acceptable. Coming events cast their shadows before, Punch is pitching into the Ministry. Councillor Challis asserts that he has seen night-soil openly exposed at a certain place in the South Ward As a public represen tative, why did he not ” lay on” the Inspec tor of nuisances. On the same unsavoury subject, “Daniol,” who has got into a den of lious, wishes to know if only 105 out of 300 house-holders in the South ward avail themselves of the nightman’s services. The majority it is hinted, go the sad sea waves, and use them as a repository for pan contents, enough to cause a panic amongst bathers. Williamstown councillors think there is something in a name and object to the Junction being altered to Newport, the railway authorities aro of the same mind and mean to stick to the change. The twenty-fifth anniversary of the Congregational Church, Williamstown, will be celebrated by special sermons tomorrow week, and a fruit service on the Tuesday following. Mr T. Palmer, assistant teacher, at the Central State School, Williamstown, who has peon a number of years in the service, has been appointed to a mastership in the Carlton college. At the November examina tions, Mr Palmer took the B. A. degree with honors in five different subjects, but the department is oblivious to industry and merit, and his extra claims have met the usual red-tape barriers that strangle legiti mate aspirations. Like other clever and energetic men, he has been driven from the public service, to win the success officialdom circulation denies io brains. Concerts arc the rage in Footscray, tickets for the military entertainment on the 17th., aro in demand, active preparations are being made for the invitation Social in connection with the School of Design, aud all classes are sure to patronise the Board of Advice efforts to a prize fund for State school pupils. The Hon. the Minister of Lands, has been requested by the member for the district, to permanently reserve the small triangular allotment upon which is the Gellibrand well, which many years ago,was tho only source of water supply for Williamstown. There is little doubt the reservation will be made, and if enclosed and planted with trees, the reserve would be a great attraction from its old historical associations. Captain Clipperton of the Pier hotel, with a view to encourage boat-racing, has an exceedingly handsome silver cup, which he intends to offer as a prize to be competed for, and to belong to the winner of it three times. The donor desires that a local com mittee be formed of gentlemen to arrange the conditions &c.;, to whom he will hand the gift. The eup is of a massive design, with raised figures on the silver, represent ing a dance, or procession of Fauns and Dryads. Tho upper and lower rims are gilt, and the wholo has a very handsome appear ance. There will doubtless be little diffi cultyin obtaining the requisite committee to take the matter in hand. The usual monthly meeting of the Wil liamstown Horticultural Society was held in the Mechanics’ Institute, on Wednesday evening, Mr It. Dowman, vice- president, in the chair. The secretary reported having received the necessary forms to enable the society to participate in the Government grant, also that copies of the weekly paper Federal Australian, had been received from the editor, for which he was instructed to return the thanks of the society, after some small accounts had been passed for payment, the'judges Messrs Johnstone, Ingram ar.d Clarke, reported having made the following awards:—Mr II. Waycott, Begouia Welton iensis, first prize ; Begonia Eleanor Uhder, third prize ; Mr H. Gritt, LamariaZinnoidcs, first ; Woodwardia Radicans, first Jprize ; Mr H. B. McClure, Aspidistra Luridc Varic gata, first prizo ; Begonia Woltoniensis, first prize ; Tricolor Geranium Italia Unita, first prize. The following were staged for exhibition only, Mr A. Ingram, a well grown plant of Cyperus Alternifolea Varic gata, and Mr A. T. Clarke a nice plant of Torenia Fournerii, a vote of thanks to the chairman, brought the meeting to a close. The usual ordinary meeting of the Foots Cray branch Reform League, will be held in the Mechanics’ Institute on Monday evening The Footscray contingent were exercised in compulsory movements, on Thursday evening at the market reserve. The men acquit'ed themselves well, aud showed great aptitude in learning the various movements. The secretary of the 'Footscray Benevolent Society desires to acknowledge per Mr Bligh the sum of £1, for the Ivy lodge of Druids, also a cheque of £5 5s., per Mr .T. Cummings towards the funds of the society. The annual picnic in connection with the Wymlham State school, takes ' place to-day at the mouth of the Werribee, and as usual, old aud young are requested to muster for the occasion. A brass band has been engaged from Melbourne, and racing, dancing, and other sports will be indulged in, a ball will also be held in the evening. The man Wills, who was committed for trial at the Footscray Court, for stealing jowellery from the Halfway Hotel, Swamp road, has been sentenced to six months im prisonment. The first of the compensation cases arising out of the late Jolimont railway disaster was tried on Tuesday in the Supreme Court, before Mr Justice Higinbotham and a special jury of twelve. The plaintiff was Mr Alfred Bliss, auctioneer, who sued for £5000 damages. Mr McFarland, Dr Madden, and Mr Hodges for the plaintiff; Mr C. A. Smyth, Mr Purves, and Mr Hamiiton for defendants (the Board of Land and Works.) After taking voluminous evidence the jury with half-an-hour’s deliberation returned a verdict for £2500, or half the amount. The trial of James William Thomson, charged with obtaining a sum of £1000, from the hrm of Messrs Jennings and Jennings, solicitors, under falso pretences, and also secreting a title deed, was brought to a con clusion on Tuesday last. Mr Chomley pros ecuted for the Crown. The prisoner con ducted his own case, and in his defence called on Messrs J. Irving rate-collecter of Footscray, Francis Brown, a clerk lately in his employ ; (prisoner's,) J. Matheson, man ager of the Bank of Victoria, Harrison, in spector of the same bank; J. G. Johnstone, Drs Shields and 'Barker, and Mr Walsh, barrister. The last four did not put in an appearance. The prisoner appears to have imagined, that by worrying the counsel, jury, and judge, by recalling and recross examining witnesses, he would have gained an advantage. He is evidently a shrewd man of business, and a person of insinuating address, but it failed in this instance to allow him to go scathlcss- The jury found a verdict of guilty on the first count, and the prisoner was sentenced to two years and six month’s imprisonment. Instances of promptitude in connection with the public departments are so rare, that it is a pleasure to record them when they do occur, aud hero is one. On Wednesday Mr A. T. Clark, received an intimation from the Under- Secretary, that the prisoners to be employed in making the road round the Back Beach, would be sent down on Friady, and strange, but nevertheless true, the gang actually arrived yesterday, and have made a start with the much needed improvement, why not start another batch at the new break-water, or call forjtcnders instanter ? A proposition by a member of the Mel bourne City Council to water the streets- of Melbourne on the Sabbath was debated by that body on Monday last. The suggestions in its favor where that in a city whose revenue totted up the respectable quantum of £100,000 per annum, the cost estimated (six hundred) would be a mere nothing when the health and comfort of the public were considered. Rebutting arguments of the present water supply being inadequate to present want?, and the Council’s inability to spend the sum required, probably backed up by sentimental scruples, seemed however to find greater weight, and the proposal was negatived by eleven to seven. The proceedings at the local court on Tuesday with regard to breaches of the Education act, should forcibly impress parents with the advisability of sending their children to the local state schools the requisite number of days in the quarter required by the Act. Mr Salmon certainly deserves credit for the indefatigable trouble he takes on behalf of the rising generation, aud parents should feel only too thankful with the benefits conferred on their progeny by the Government, (benefits that were probably denied to themselves,) iu insisting that their children shall bo educated. A number of trumpery excuses were advanced to palliate the offence, such as alleged ill nessnes of various kinds, no clothing &c.; Messrs Aitken, Morgan, and Jobson, did not fail to use the power invested in them, and fined the delinquents in sums ranging from half-a-crown to ten shillings with costs, according to the number of children they had transgressing, and the frequency of the offence. The case of the lad Johnstone, notified at some length in our police column, is suggestive of a resuscitation of the old English system of sending young children to toil for fourteen hours per day. At the council meeting this week, Coun cillor Aitken tabled a motion, submitting that all the names of those householders who employed the night-cart, should be returned. It will be remembered, that Mr John Pennell, the council’s contractor for the removal of night soil, had publicly stated that he had only 105 pans over the bridge, while the inhabitants numbered three times that quantity, and further that night-soil had been deposited on portions of the Back Beach. If this be the case, and there appears to be no justifiable reason to the contrary, (at least to the first portion of his presentment,) the action of Councillor Aitken is to be complimented. No doubt the council felt slightly sore at their late discussions with regard to the freezing works being adversely dilated upon, and not without some show of reason, if the state ments above related be facts, and the aggressors the persons who have the most to say in the matter of stinks. Adding the asseverations of Councillors Stark and Challis to the above, there appears to be many of these reprehensible actions committed, and that in direct opposition to the sanitary regulations. We must certainly give the council credit for moving in this matter, and hope that the above allegations will be cither refused, or if not, that the municipal fathers follow the suggestions of their com The proceedings of the local borough Council were of more than ordinary interest this week owing to the presence of a deputa tion from the South Ward ratepayers headed by Captain McCallum, and backed up by a petition of 100 signatures, soliciting the Council’s reconsideration of their recent decision with regard to the establishment of freezing and slaughtering works at Williamstown. The views expressed by Messrs McCallum, Gill, Hiddle, and others on the matter were similar to those advanced at the late indignation meeting, Upon the motion of Councillor Dowman, seconded by Councillor Stark, the petition was received. It was decided to go into committee to con sider the matter, and notify the result of the council’s deliberations to the deputation at an early date. The gentlemen after thanking the council for their courtesy, withdrew. It is pleasant to observe that the Foots cray Council is composed of a body of gentle men anxious not only for the improvement of property and streets in that district, but also for theladvancement and good behaviour of the many young men who reside in it. At their last meeting, a letter from Captain Salmon, of the V. V.A., was read, request ing the patronage of the Council, at a forth coming entertainment, the proceeds of which will be devoted to paying rent for the drill-room used by the local volunteers. The chairman. (Cr Mitchell,) in a few excell ent remarks, showed the benefits accruing from devistng means to keen young men amusingly aud innocently employed at night, by furnishing them with respectable methods of passing their evenings. He considered that by encouraging them to enroll them selves in the volunteer corp-, their uniform and connexion with that body would in all probability deter them from acts of van dalism. As the greatest traits of character .to be exhibited in becoming members of the volunteer force are obedience and discipline, sobriety, and non-desire of re-answering the oalls of authority, (the latter trait being perhaps the deepest rooted in the native character,) these qualities onco inculcated, there is every reason to believe that others equally commendable would follow. Captain Salmon had sent tickets with his letter, which were promptly purchased, each coun cillor taking one or more. This is a step iu the right direction, is far more preferable than advocating the use of the "cat,” and wo would strenuously recommend it to the j 1 emulation of other boroughs, Captain Liley, of the Golden Crown, has been appointed river pilot. Would that benevolent young lady teacher at one of the local State schools, who recently sent a girl home because she was without hoots, show a little clemency to poor people’s children (who at times cannot afford to shoe them) by overlooking the circum stance, provided they be clean in other respects ; and that she does not infringe the Act by allowing them to attend school; We may remark for her edification that children attending school without boots is the rule instead of tne exception up-country. A topic causing some discussion among our town councillors at their last meeting was the desecration of the old cemetery. This is a particular spot affected by the local boys at which to pass the time when they play truant from school. It is a great pity that these scholastic delinquents should not suffer incarceration in the lock-up for a few hours, on the committal of this offence, in order to suggest to their young minds the advisability of attending to their studies. Mr Stark, who tabled the motion, stated that these urchins had torn down a consider able portion of the stone fence, and upset the monuments and tombstones. The Council, after expressing their views on the subject, determined on the appointment of a sub committee, consisting of the Mayor (Mr Thwaite) and Messrs Douch and Stark, to devise some method of remedying the practice. An amusing though expensive joke to the persons hoaxed, and possibly to the hoaxers if found, was perpetrated in Kilmore last week. One of the hotelkeepers of that town received instructions by telegram, signed with a name apparently Russian, to prepare an expensive repast. No one came to put the good things provided away, and the providore was naturally incensed at being made a fool of. On Saturday last the local dockyard em ployes enjoyed their annual trip down the Bay. The Government steamer Despatch was chartered to convey the excursionists to their intended destination, Quecnscliff, That vessel left Williamstown at an early hour, having on board between three and four hundred persons. Captain Anderson attempted to render all as comfortable as possible. Arriving at Quecnscliff the party split up into picnic parties &c.; During the afternoon a large hall that had been engaged or dancing was well patronized, a Mr. Lawson interlavding the amusement by some excellent stepping. The party arrived safely at Williamstown without accident, having had a most enjoyable day. The affair was under the immediate supervision of a committee of workmen. Some little excitement was caused in Nelson place between nine and ten o’clock on Saturday evening last by the reported appearance of a ghost in an untenanted shop. It is imagined that some person had shaken a sheet through a portion of a broken shutter in front of a superstitious individual, who immediately raised an alarm and drew a crowd. Constable Tuckey dispersed the assemblage quietly. The affair is of course a hoax, suggested by some motive or other best known to the perpetrator, and credence was probably given by persons sapernaturally inclined from the fact of a person having committed suicide on the premises some two years ago. Several of the country newspapers take to task those members of the ‘‘upper crust” that have lately toadied so much to Admiral Ashlanbegoff and his officers, who have in many cases been the subjects of the most fulsome adulation. The Bear has always been a party it would be worth the while of all English-speaking communities to watch, as he bears them no particular love. In exposing to these Russians the internal resources of our colonies colonials have scarcely acted with that amount of astute ability that they would wish to bo given credit for. The lady members of the Episcopalian Church, Williamstown, have a most bewitch ing style of impressing both the sermon and surrounding oxygen on their angelic com positions when a Sunday happens to be sultry. The process may be called Fan-fan. A deputation of delegates representing the employes of the local workshops was intro duced to the Minister of Railways by Mr Laurens, M.L.A., requesting that tho issue of half-fare tickets should be resumed. They drew a comparison between the privileges enjoyed by higher officials, who although better paid were still allowed to retain the semi-fare boon. In answer to the solicita tions of the deputation, Mr Bent stated that all servants of the department would be charged full fares at the end of the month ; and that working men would have a remedy in the newly-run workmen’s trains, which he eventually believed would be extensively patronised. He further stated that on the New South Welsh railways he found that persons travelling by rail were all charged full fares, and failed to see any reason why Government servants should be allowed con siderations denied to those in the employ of private firms. 