TURF GOSSIP. By Augub. The amateurs of Victoria should have quite a gala day at Caulfield this afternoon, when the V.A.T.C. will provide a programme which should Buit the tasteB of the most faetidiouB non-professional. With two gold caps as the spoils which go to the victors in the amateur contests, there can be no cavil ling, thongh it most be borne in mind that the beautiful trophies which are to be pre sented to the winners, are the gifts of the younger branches of the Chirnside family. It is gratifying indeed to see the wealthy young men of the colony doing their best to keep up the character of legitimate sport, and we hope to see the efforts of the gentlemen re ferred to rewarded with a couple of contests worthy of the occasion. Another] , event which will be surrounded with more than ordinary interest is the Sapling Stakes, in which will figure many of the aspirants to Maribyrnong Plate fame. As they have never yet appeared in public it would be next to an impossibility to select the winner, though I hear very good accounts of Mr. Whittingham's pair, Mr. Fisher's Phoebe colt, J. Morrison's filly, Mr. Cook's Tichbome, and one of Mr. H. Haines's, and from the southern side of the Yarra I leam that Jones has a pretty smart colt, Hey wood has a speedy Glorious filly, and that Mr. Robertson has the makings of a real good horse in Ironclad, a son of Tubal Cain and Psyche. The handi cap for the Hurdle Race has not given uni versal satisfaction, but it would be a matter beyond the ability of any handicapper to Elease all parties. To me nothing looks etter in than Red Rover, Dhurringile, Monitor, and Rhesus, and one of these four will, I think, win, Dhurringile for choice. The Selling Race should rest between Glad Tidings, Scipio, and Sterling, Collingwood, who seems to be improving into a good horse, has the post of honour in the Steeplechase, hut he would have but little show with Left Bower if the latter were in anything like his old form, and I fancy the winner will come from Chrysalis, Left Bower, and Stag; and if Left, Rower makee no mistake I think he will win. The Challenge Cup will give our amateurs an opportunity of distinguishing themselves across country; fand the club adds 100 eovs. to the gold cup*given by Mr. A. S. Chirnside. The secondthorse is to re ceive 40 sovs. out of the stake, so that the contest for second place will no doubt be a keen one. Of the lot engaged I like nothing betterthsn Glowlight, Highflyer, and Marquis, one of whom ought to win. In the flat race the competitors have to be ridden by amateurs, and here again the Chirnsides, Inglises, Watsons, Glasscocke, and other non-pro fessionals will -have an opportunity of dis playing their skill. I have a preference for Don Quixote, Liberator, and Flambeau, and if the first-named be nioely handled he should carry off the trophy. The usual railway arrangements will be carried out, aud for those who prefer the pleasant drive along the Alma Mid Balaclava roads plenty of cabs will be on hue. At the invitation of Mr. J. A. Roberts a number of lovers of trotting assembled at Boccaccio-park on Saturday last to see his recently-imported American trotting horses show their pedes. Journeying thither, I celled in at Bronte by the way, and there aaw in Mr. Roberta's -well-appointed stables the apple of the proprietor's eye. Boccaccio, who fM in grand health, attain MulholUud's bands he was as docile ss an Exmoor pony. Boo, as his owner affectionately calls him, nas capita! quarters, the surrounding walls bring Unad with portraits most o! the *aefj of America, from the quean of Maud S., down to etara of a much uagiutade. At Bronte,. Mr. Roberta . ,- tiussiyeafold ooit Friooe Patch sn am? ahafta of • boggy, and behind ftk j^^kig^yOunwter laas than he oonductea hitaaalf, Ifaacjr Mr, Roberta has a plum in this Juvenile trotter. At Boccaccio-park, Len Rose, driven by the young American that accompanied him from the States, jogged round the track, Mulholiand piloting Yenaon, who has wonderfully im proved. After atretohing their limbB for a while, they were sent along, and the beautiful grey American drawing away, trotted what was stated to be a quarter of a mile very easily in 39«ec. This he i could have beaten by seconds, even though he was not in anything like proper form for speeding. As the horse had not long landed From America thiB performance was considered too good to be true, and on the ground being measured it was found to be over 50 yaraB short. This would increase the time some three or four seconds, and even such a record would be good for a horse only just off a sea voyage of a month. After treating the spectators to another buret or two the mares arrived, and one by one Mulholiand drove tbem round the track. I liked very much the mare Sylph, a beautiful mover, and quite a thoroughbred in appearance, but the queen of the lot, to my mind, was Victoria, the plainest, perhaps, of the whole team, but a grand mover, and un doubtedly one of the finest trotters that has ever been imported, her style being perfec tion, though she cannot get to the record, perhaps, of such horses as Commodore, Ver mont Junior, and Boccaccio. In the mean time, Mr. James Miller's imported horse Con tractor put in an appearance, and trotted ronnd the course. He has greatly improved since he trotted at Elsternwick-park, having fined down considerably, and if the proposed match between him and Boccaccio were to take place it would create considerable in terest Two very valuable thoroughbred brood mareB have been placed in Messrs. Yuille and Co.'s hands for private sale. They are Lady Pantaloon and Microscope. The former , is by the imported horse Tom King from Marchioness, who won the English Oaks, and produced Rose of Denmark, Angler, and Fishhook. Bred as she is, she should be an acquisition to any stud. Microscope is a beautiful mare, and is by Hercules from Vision, by Ace of Clubs from Omen, and as Bhe is in foal to Angler Bhe ought to be valu able indeed. Mr. George Vowles has been appointed handicapper to the Mebourne Hunt Club. I am glad to see this careful apportioner of racing weights receiving some attention, because no handicapper in Australia takes more pains to get at the proper form of horses that come under his charge. In racing circles it is regarded as a most extraordinary circumstance that the V.R.C. has not yet made arrangements for the special meeting to consider the new rules, I believe the delay has been caused by the probability of the A. J.C. coming to some terms, so as to assimilate the rules of the two clubs. It is to be hoped that such is the case, for the announcement that the A,J.C. bad with drawn, after its representatives had agreed to the proposed rules, was regarded as a decided breach of faith. The assertion that the introduction of the totalisator to New Zealand would ruin racing there has not yet been borne out by facts. Everywhere the stakes are being increased, and with the aid of the totalisator the Canter bury Jockey Club iB now enabled to add no lesB than 500 sovs. to the Derby, this sum being equal to that given by the V.R.C. As our New Zealand correspondent announced ] last week, the C. J.C. will also add 500 bovb. to the Canterbury Cup, and the Auckland club, following the good example, has de cided to increase the Auckland Cup to 500 sovs. At last there is an established favourite for the Melbourne Cup, and this is no other than j the last Sydney Cup winner, Cunnamulla, who has rapidly risen to the top position. The cause of this demonstration in his favour was, no doubt, the position he occupied in I the Winter Handicap run at the Sydney Turf Club meeting, wherein the son of Maribyr nong carried 9at 51b. and ran third, coming so fast at the finish as to favour the idea that he might have won had the distance been a mile and a halt Carrying such a weight into so prominent a position settles the question as to Cunnamulla's weight- carrying ability, and there can be no doubt respecting his pace and staying powers, of which he gave exhibi tions at the last Hawkesbury and A.J.C. meetings. Cunnamulla is bred quite well enough to win any Melbourne Cup, for he iB by Maribyrnong from Javelin's sister Jessa mine.by Yattendon, a rare combination for speed and stamina. Balmoral, who won this WinterHandicap.is by theVictorian-bred horse Wincheleea (son of Boiardo and Dora), and as he also proved victorious in the Loftus Handicap at Tattersall's meeting, I should take him to be a very useful animal. Unfor tunately he is nos engaged in any of the big spring handicaps, nor is Twilight, who also ran well at the two meetings decided in Sydney last week. The Bundoora-park etudmaster has deter mined to place some of his stallions at the j service of the pnblic this season. First on the list is Angler, the sire of Robinson Crusoe, Progress, &c.; , and the grand old son of | Fisherman will serve 10 mares at 50 guineas each. Tubal Cain, the sire of the Champion winner, Coriolanus, and the promising colts Prometheus, Golden Butterfly, and Iron master; is announced to stand at SO guineas; j while The MarquiB's services can be secured for the .moderate fee of 12 guineas, at which j figure he should have no difficulty in securing a full season. As the sire of such brilliant two ; year olds as' Newminster, Waterford, His; Lordship, and Grand Prix, he has gained fame m Australia ; while upon the racecourses of England he was never beaten as a two year old, and won the Two Thousand Guineas and St. Leger, and ran second for the Derby. These credentials are good enough for any thing, and as the old fellow seems to be j hearty and sound, those who are desirous of getting brilliant youngsters should not lose this opportunity. The handsome Qnambone (brother to Napper Tandy) stands at eight guineas, and the slashing fine coaching stallion Highflyer at 12 guineas, so that owners of mares have' a variety to chooee from. Mr. J. Cleelaud has had the bad luck to lose the dam of Wollomai, the Melbourne Cup winner Fleur-de-lis, who died a few days ago. Luckily he has . a couple of daughters of the mate, and they are both in foal to King of the Ring. His Excellency the Sfiirquia of Normauby visited Bocoaooio*patk on Tuesday afternoon the American trotters speeding. Mr. Miller had Contractor on the ground; Mr. Roberts sent Boccaccio, Len Rose, and others; and Mr Hall gave Startle a few spurts, Just to show how fast this speedy gentleman oould go. 8everal other trotters were exercised, ana His Exoellency expressed himseUvery inuch pleased at the exhibition. < Thursday next the Hawkesbury meet ing will oommenoe, and though various juntos have been spiritedly supported, I still fancy Hecla for the Guineas, and Gipsy , Cooper, ^ Paul, and Prima Donna for tha | Hawkesbury Handicap. Paul is Imported Ume^and if it is serious, I should substitute Among the etalliona that are announced as at the eervice of the public is the cele brated Sussex, who will stand at Dwarroon, twelve miles from Warroambool. The per formances of this great cross-country horse are too fresh in the memories of racing men to need recapitulation ; suffice it to say that in the Grand National Steeplechase of 1881 he carried 13at. lib. and won easily. For bone and 8cb8tance he cannot be excelled, and the Western farmers and breeders who may have Panic mares are fortunate in having such a horse in their midst to put them to. The Maryborough and Carisbrook meeting will take place on Wednesday and Thursday, 27th and 28th September. The full pro gramme will be found in the advertising columnB of 'The Australasian this week. Kensington-park will be the attraction on Monday afternoon, when Mr. Cox will pro vide a diversified programme for his patrons. " Trumpator," of th^Adelaide Observer, is very severe (and juBtly bo) upon Mr. R. C. Baker for tnrning tail upon the totalisator, which he introduced to Parliament, but is now endeavouring to sacrifice on moral grounds. " Mr. Baker's refusal to champion the machine now" (says "Trumpator"), "has not been induced by thoughts of injuring Messrs. Ferry and Blackler, the lessees of the old course. He is not in a fit of disappointment at having failed to crush them by means of the calendar, giving a luke warm support to Messrs. Sandover and Pearce, because he knows that the repeal of the act must take thousands out of the pockets of the two gentlemen who have supreme - control over the affairs of the A.R.C. No, he is turning upon the totali sator on moral grounds only." It is said that if the Totalisator Act is repealed both Adelaide clubB will introduce heavy licence fees for the bookmakers to pay. It mattero not what they do, the repeal of the Totalisator Act will sound the death knell of the South Australian Jockey Club, and the Adelaide Racing Club will flourish, though not so successfully as at present. As will be seen by a reference to the ad vertising columnB of The Australasian, the Ballarat Hunt Club has determined to have but one day's racing instead of two in Sep tember. In a previous issue I referred to the prizes which are to be given, and I may here remind hunting men and others that the entries close at 8 p.m. on Tuesday, the 12th September. Mr Martin Loughlin, being desirous that the Ballarat Turf Club winter meeting should hot be allowed to die out, has, in a most generouB manner, offered a purse of 200 sove. to be added to a sweepstakes to be run on the day previous to the date fixed for the Balla rat Hunt Club meeting, if the B.T.C. will give 100 sove. for a hurdle race to be decided on the same day. The idea is to be carried out, and the programme appears this week. The Turf Register is now in the press, and will be ready for subscribers to- day (Satur day). Messrs. Stillwell and Co., next to The Argus office, are the publishers, and copies of this valuable volume may be obtained from them. From Adelaide I learn that Mr. Savill placed several of his horses in Mr. S. Bar nard's hands for sale. A reserve of 300 guineas was put on The Assyrian, but this was not reached, and he was passed in. The King's Own was pnrchased by Mr. T. Cowan for 100 guineas, and King of Trumps by Mr. Munro for 15 guineas. Mr. M'Donald's Turretfield found a new owner in Mr. Cole man, who gave 120 guineas for him, and Mr. Filgate purchased a hunter named Cupid for 150 guineas. Visitors to Sydney during the ensuing fort night will miss a well-known face from the principal sporting resorts. Mr. George Kiss, who for a number of years had been associated with the flourishing Sydney Tattersall's, died at his residence, Randwick, on Sunday last. He had been a martyr to gout for years, but though he was not quite himself when I last saw him in Sydney, he was as cheery as ever, and I never thought the end was so near. Some correspondents in the Adelaide papers state that the totalisator not only encourages gambling, but has increased the number of bookmakers. In New Zealand, where the totalisator is legalised, the reverse is the case, and several of the leading members of the New Zealand ring may now be seen in Mel bourne, the totalisator having driven them hither. The beet show ever seen in Victoria was the unanimous verdict pronounced upon the exhibition at the National Agricultural Society's yards on Monday last. The display of draught stock was simply magnificent, and the thoroughbreds were far better re presented than usual. For once in a way, several good performers put in an appearance, among them being the mighty Richmond, looking as youthful as when he " marched on without impediment" in his glorious Champion, St Leger, and Australian Cup victories. The Melbourne Cup was well re presented in Calamia, who so easily carried the black banner triumphantly through the ordeal in 1878. Of all Mr. De Mestre'e young stallions I liked best the game-looking son of Maribyrnong. His Lordship has filled ont since he left the post for the paddock, and no doubt he will get speedy stock, and this may be said of Chesterfield and Good Morning. Stockham's son, Stockbridge, the hero of the Maribyrnong Plato of 1873, is worthy of a place in some good stud, and among the younger aspirants to Btud tame Stationer and Ambassador are worthy of mention. A very fine two-year-old colt by Tubal Cain from Caste was also shown. Unfortunately this youngster met with an accident somewhat similar to that which settled Maribyrnong's racing career, and he will go to the stud with bis constitution, unimpaired. The Arab Foreigner was well represented in a sturdy grey called Young Foreigner, and never was there such a display of trotting stock. I have always maintained that Walter Scott is one of the grandest of all the American trotting stallions imported to Australia, and after seeing him in his. greatly improved form on Monday l am more than ever convinced that my judgment is correct. A shipment of such horses as be is to India would astonish our eastern frienda On (he track were Startle, Len Rose, Boccaccio, Contractor, Granger, and some of the mazes recently imported by Mr. J, A. Roberts, and all of these fine movers were greatly admired. Mr. Roberts showed three yearling trotters in bad condition, and the smallest and ugliest of (he lot trotted in splendid stale.. When the Agricultural Society obtains ita new grounds it is to be hoped that a proper trotUng traok will be formed. Among other stockYoung Aloneo, one of the Serenader type, and Highflyer, a grand-looking ooaoblng stallion, created a moat favourable impression. A telegram from Warrnambool announces tbat at a meeting of the Warmambool Racing Club ^Committee on Saturday it was detor mi™* oommi»teeo( manage ment of all financial responsioUity relating to.£# A debt of £200 still re mains on the grand stand, abd In taking (his ! over the club oooimttteeasksd to beaUowed proposed ansngtmeafc the club trould be clear of debt—a consummation devoutly to be wished; and when the club has wiped off itB liabilities, I hope a well-devised annual programme will be introduced. Mr. J. E. Savill was to have left Ade laide on Thursday with Savanaka. First Water, The Assyrian, The Hebrew, Prome th6UB« Footstep, Delusion, end LtpUndor, bnt bad weather caused him to postpone his departnre. This is a splendid string, and well worthy of each a colony as South Australia. In it are candidates for honours in the Maribyrnong Plate, V.K.C. Derby, and Melbourne Cap, and as Mr. Savill has never had lack at Flemington, I hope Dame Fortune will be more kind to him this season. I believe he goes to hiB old quarters at the Pastoral HoteL The secretary of the Victoria Racing Club has forwarded copies of the following circu lar to the Flemington trainers100 Bonrke-street west, 14th August, 1882. Dear Sir,—Complaints nave been made by some owners that touting has grown to such an extent that the public know more about their horses than they do themselves, and that they intend taking their horses from Flemington to train elsewhere. With the object of pre venting this, it was suggested to plant round the inner side of the training tracks, and also the slopes of the banks, so that in a few yearB touting would be impossible. This is objected to by some, as being inconvenient to trainers, in preventing their watching the performances of horses under their charge. The only object I have is to render the train ing tracks at Flemington as perfect as pos sible, and with this aim in view, I widened the track at the tarn, and laid a three-inch water-main to keep the tracks in good con dition daring the hot dry months. I shall feel obliged if you will kindly give me your views on the subject, and favour me with any suggestions you may have to make. — Yours faithfully, H. Byboh Moobe, Sec. V.R.C." It is only a few months ago that Mr. Moore erected a palatial edifice for the convenience of those whose duty it was to record the training operations at Flemington. This ridiculous eyesore was removed before the season commenced, and now he goes on the other tack, because the public know something about what is doing at Flemington. I would remind the worthy secretary of theV.R.C. that he is a public servant; that the Flemington race coarse web granted by the Government for the recreation of the public ; that the money of the public made the V.R.C. the rich insti tution it now is ; and that the public will not be slow to resent any infringement upon its rights and privileges. If there are owners wno think the doings of their horses will not bear the light of day let them remove (hem from Flemington. Nobody will miss them ; bnt once let the V.R.C. interfere with the publicity of the doings at Flemington, and within six years theV.A.T.C. will take the premier position. The beBt of the joke is that the trees planted by Mr. Moore are mostly elms, which are leafless for about seven months in the year. In the nominations for the Wagga Grand Stand Handicap published last week the name of V&uclose; was inserted for that of Bacchus, and Strathearn's name appeared instead of Inverary's. VaucluBe should read Bacchus in the Town Plate, and Coomete for Comet in the Steeplechase. I spent a very pleasant afternoon at Chel tenham on Tuesday. Travelling by rail on this line is very slow, and it took nearly an honr to reach the little village, where is situate the residence of Mr. J. D. Robertson, who has the Champion winner Coriol&nus; in hand. By the way I noticed that at the Caulfield course Mr. Bond had nearly com pleted his improvements to the V.A.T.C. grand stand, and they will be very accept able to the visitors to this popular trysting ground. Arriving at Cheltenham, I found that Mr. Robertson's cottage was close at hand. Within a quarter of a mile of the station he has erected several boxes, and in one of these I saw the uBefnl plater Boat man, who may win his oats if properly placed. In the adjoining box was the Mari byrnong Plate colt Ironclad, a low lengthy juve nile, that looks like going fast and staying as welL Standing on very short legs, with a well knit back, good barrel, and plenty of length in his quarters, he takes more after Panic than Tubal Cain, his sire, and evidently throws back to his dam Psyche, who is by Panic. This colt makes hiB debilt to-day at Canlfield, and though he is not quite so advanced as some of those that will oppose him, he may run very forward. Coriolanns I found looking wonder fully well, and filled out into a much nicer horse than be was when three years old. It will be remembered that after winning the Champion Race thiB colt got cast in his box, and subsequently injured himself atGeelong. A couple of months atBundoora enabled him to recover thoroughly, and then Mr. Mait land bought bim for 800 guineas. For some reason or other hie new owner did not nominate him for the Melbourne Cap, bat entered bim for the Caulfield Cup. As his forte is considered to be staying, this was not considered good judgment, and I fancy that the colt wonld have been better served over the long straight runs of Flemington than the tnrns of Canlfield. VanTromp, the pony, who also occupies a place in the estab lishment, is quite a miniature racehorse, and comparatively is as strong as The Barb. With nice sandy going all round, Mr. Robert son is able to train bis horses without shoes, and as the sea is close handy, a swim now and then helps to brace their muscles and expand their lungs. Between Huntlyand Cheltenham there are numerous paddocks admirably suited for racing tracks, and with bo many natural advantages to recommend the neighbourhood I expect it will become quite as attractive to owners of borsesas Flemington is to trainers, there being no metalled roads to interfere with tender footed or dicky-legged animals, —-—*■ . G?y,<!er'8. .l?or8e Mars, who received a terrible fall while being schooled at Caul field, is not dead, as was reported, though at the time of the accident it was believed that his injuries would prove fataL; He recovered •na is now enjoying himself in a paddock. Flemington in the morning: is not a de sirable retreat jnst now, though one may pick up a wrinkle concerning events to come. 1 paid the training-ground a visit ca Thurs day morning, and taw ,moat of the cracks that are at preaent undergoing preparation for coming events. The outer track was in very, bad condition, to rotten in some portions that teamen were afraid to extend their hones, the-mdy&m-; track being the tens mile en Pwmeesahs*™ Ciaptrapwere ,Pw»Bs Inciting .. >■■■•• m '» -$w..;'. cantering, and bo were others o! tbeCrippses' horses. I thought Yeenu's steeplechaser, Barcoo, went remarkably well. Later on A. Davis brought down his string, and sent Golden Butterfly and Omelette steady work. The colt is beginning to fine down, and looks well, while the filly has also im proved. Kobert the Devil, who has grown and thickeued, was treated to nice, striding work. Forward, Precious Stone, and Heiress of Linne cantered, and then spurted for a short distance. Forward is one of the best topped horses 1 have ever seen, and though he was so rheumatic that he could hardly put one foot before the other, he Bhowed far the beBt speed when warmed up, and, if his legs stand, Corrigan will have one of the moBt brilliant racehorses in the colony. Chifney, Sevior, and several other trainers were exer- j cising their respective teams, but the rain that came down soon drove everybody home. Mr. Joseph Clarke's Bordeaux colt, Pro posal colt, and Tern filly have been thrown out of training, and have returned to Sun bury. Mr. H. Fisher's Lady Hooton colt is suffering from a cold, and 1 hear that Mr. J. Whittingham's Kelpie colt is slightly lame. The Pleasant Creek Racing Club annual meeting has been fixed for the 15th and 16 th February. Thej secretary of the Ballarat Turf Club writes to say that the Ballarat Hunt Club meeting will take place on the 22ad of Sep tember, not the 20th, as stated in the adver tisement Also, that the distance for the Maryborough Novel Race will be one mile. X have been requested by tne V.A.T.C. Secretary to state that owners having horses engaged in the Amateur Challenge Cup, to be run to-day, must produce certificates from the master of the pack with whom they have bunted that their horses have been legiti mately hunted five times, otherwise, should their qualifications be disputed, they may not be allowed to start. Napoleon, the hurdle racer, has been pur chased by Mr. Fleming. Mr. Thomas Wilson arrived from Ballarat yesterday, and brought Left Bower and Cas Biopeia with him. Acceptances for the Campbelltown Steeplechase are doe on Monday next, August 2L Prattle, who won the Pony Race at KenBington-park, has been disqualified, on the ground of insufficient description. Bets on Prattle have been declared off, and Busy Bee's backers win their money. Annie Laurie was scratched for the V.A.T.C. Hurdle Race last night, Scbatchings.—V.A.T.C. Sapling Stakes— Mentmore, Kate colt, Proposal colt, Tern filly, Notorious, Dazzle, Marvel, Good Bye, George Rignold.Tichbourne, Nymph. Hurdle Race—Handy Andy, Glenorvan, Eros, P.O., Sportsman, Petrel, Lady Hampden, Discount, British Lion, Flambeau, Songster, Alma, Rejected. Challenge Cup.—Euchre, Erin, Baby, Segurthur, Gold Top, Mainbrace, Baronet, Actaeon. Selling Race—My Lord, Banter, Kaiser, MisB Panic. G. N. Steeple chase— Collingwood, Coomete, Spring, Barcoo, Kanaka, The Hawk, Quicksilver, Zerto, Mars, Sparkle. Amateur Handicap Flat Race —Larpent, Respite, Liberator, Scandal, Wizard, The Ghost, Dougalston, Hopeful, Buzza, Bar One, Black Diamond. 