CATHOLICISM IN QUEENSLAND. The Archbishop of Sydney has, according to tho Queensland Times, sent tho following reply to tho protest forwarded to him by twenty pricst3 of the diocese of North Queensland against the appointment of Dr. Gani, the re cently consecrated Bishop of Rocklminptoii, as administrator of the diocese of Brisbane : — Sydney, !!rd October, 1S81. Dear Rev. Father Brecn, — Now that the sad rites connected with tho death of and month's mind for the late la mented Bishop of Brisliano aro over, 1 hasten to acknowledge tho receipt of a " protost," signed and sent to me by a large number of the clergy, against tho appointment of tho Very lfev. Dr. Cani as administrator, safe menntc, of tlio diocese of Brisbane. 1. Nothing, I can as- suro tho rev. clergy, would give me a greater persona! pleasure than to meet their wishes when I can do so with. a peaceful con science But (a) The Very lluv. Dr. Cani had already been appointed when tho protest arrived. (6) And had such not heca the case, I should have been 'open to the censure of tlio lloly See if I had accepted the nomination by the clergy in the way proposed, as no rescript has been granted to this province so to modify common law, or to overlook tho qualifications mentioned by the sacred canons. 2. Regarding tho pica put forward by the rev. clergy against tho appoint ment of tho Very Rev. Dr. Cani — namely, his maladministration of the diocese during the Bishop's absence — the late Bishop, under the most soloinn circumstances— when the deepest intorests of' religion dopcudcd on bis care fully considered judgment — emphatically re corded a declaration to the contrary, to be tferwarded -to 4tho Holy b'oo, a copy of -.which declaration J, at this moment, havciunder my eyes. Dear Rev. Fathers, let us— as I do daily — pray the Holy Ghost to send a bishop to Brisbane according to his own heart. Lot ns not in any way mako ourselves unworthy of so great a grace, whilst with best blessing and wishes to all the rev. clorgy, I am, dear Rev.' Father Breen, your faithful servant in Christ, j- IlooKa BeiiU, Archbishop of Sydney and Metropolitan. The ltcv. James B. Breen, secretary. 