BREVITIES. (Compiled from our Exchanges.) At the Police Court, Cootamundra on Monday last, Sydney Sinclair was committed to take his trial at the Wagga Sessions, for stealing from the person of James ISermirgham, of Brawlin, the sum of £14, a gold ring &c.; At Bordeaux Wine Exhibition Victoria has won nine first prizes, New South Wales five, and South Australia two. Henry Hammon, a well-known watchmaker in Mudgee, shot himself on Tuesday afternoon. At first it was thought the wound was not serious, but the unfortunate man died during the night. He had recently shown symptoms of insanity. Large numbers of returned Islanders have been murdered and eaten by their own countrymen in the South Sea Islands. Messrs. Topham, Angus, and Co. are pushing ahead with the first portion of the Cooma railway. On Saturday Mr. Chas. Young, Minister of Public Works for Victoria, and the shire councilors of Chiltern and Eutherglen, with several leading residents of Howlong, met at the proposed site for a bridge across the M urray at the latter place. Mr. Young inspected the same and approved of the site surveyed by the New South Wales and Victoria Governments. Three hundred navvies, engaged on the Castlemaine and Maldon railway, Victoria, who have been paid 6/6 to 7/- per day, according to their worth, struck Friday morning for 7/- all round, and marched in a body to Maldon, and interviewed one of the contractors, who promised to endeavour to comply with their request. Two merino hogget ewes (not pets) bred by Mr. C. Stibbard, of Cowra, and owned by Mr. P. Cass, of Wattamandara, yielded fleeces during the past week which weighed respectively 11lbs. and 121bs. In a letter from Mr. George Campbell, M.P., to the proprietor of the Cowra. Free Press the writer states:—"In company with Mr. Lynch I have waited upon the Minister of Justice in reference to a District Court for Cowra, and I think I am quite safe in saying that one will be established here very shortly." Despite foul weather, John Laycock and Samuel Edwards rowed a match in light skiffs over the champion course, Parramatta River, on Saturday afternoon. It resulted in a victory for Laycock, who had it'all his own way throughout, liut in consequence of a dispute as to the boat in which he rowed, the stakes were not paid over on Saturday evening. The race was for £26 a side. A labourer named Freer, while ont at work in the bush near Forbes, on Friday last, had the misfortune to have his tent, blankets, clothes, &c;„ burned in his absence. When he returned to camp in the evening nothing was left but a heap of ashes. On Monday lie purchased a fresh turn out, including some bush tools, and on Tuesday, while working with a new axe, the blade slipped cutting one of his feet nearly half off. DEATH OF ME. WILLIAM FOESTEH, M.P.— We deeply regret to have to announce the death of Mr. William Forster, M.L.A. Mr. Forster had for some time since been feeling unwell, and recently underwent an examination at the hands of. a medical man, the result as far as we can gather disclosing nothing alarming. On Thursday last he complained to a brother M.P., of severe pains in the chest, and was more or less unwell till Sunday, when he expressed himself as feeling much better. On Monday morning the startling news reached the city that he had died suddenly at about 4 o'clock a.m. at his residence, Hazlemer, EdgecliJf-road, Woollahra. On enquiring at the residence for particulars the inmates were very rcticent, and beyond a corroboration of the melancholy intelligence of .the hon. gentleman's decease, they declined to give any information for the present. It has transpired however that early that morning Dr. Alfred Roberts was sent for, but he being absent in the country at the time, could not be summoned and attend till late in the day. Meantime Dr. Nott attended, but death had occurred as stated. One of Mr. Forster's sons is a solicitor, residing at Bourke, and has, of course been summoned to Sydney. Mr. Forster had been twice married, and leaves a family by each wife, whose grief at the bereavement will be very generally shared by the people of New South Wales. Mr. Forster was a native of Madras, his parents were English, and he was born in the year 1818. He arrived in the colony when he was only 11 years of age, and became a pupil of that distinguished scholar and teacher, the late W. T. Cape. His fondness for literature was manifested at a veiy early age, and his talents as a writer were soon developed. While yet a very young man he entered into squatting pursuits, and about the time that Mr. (now Sir John) Robertson was acting as the delegate of the northern squatters on the question that was then raised of limiting the grazing limits in consequence of alleged poisoning of aboriginals, Mr. Former wrote a satire, which he published in the Atlas, entitled " The Devil and the Governor." Shortly after he wrote a satire entitled " The Genius and the Ghost," which was directed against the system of transportation. During the Crimean War he wrote a sonnet in more solemn strain, on national grandeur and decay. But his genius for satire has been more allied with the logic and eloquence of public orations'than with the art of versification, in which he has shown that he Can excel. Shortly after the introduction of Responsible Government, Mr. Forster made himself known to the people of this «olony as a leader in parliamentary conflicts, At different times he re- \- presented Fast Sydney, St. Leonards, the Hastings, Queanbeyan, Illawarra, and Murrumbiagee. From the time of his entering Parliament'Mr. "Forster was a keen-_ critic of the Cowper Administration. Agreeing with that Adinin'stration in political principles, he was erpr on the alert it) detect inconsistency in their practices. WheC*the Education question came on the denominational tendencies of Mr. Cowper's scheme offered an opportunity for attack. That Government was defeated, and Mr. Forster was entrusted with the' work of forming a • ministry. He associated with.himself Mr. John Black (as Minister of Lands), Mr. Saul Samuel (as'Treasurer), Mr. G. Eagar (as Minister' for Works), Mr. E. Wise, afterwards Judge of the Supreme Court (as Attorney- General), and Mr. J. F, Hargrave, now Mr. Justice Hargrove.(as Solicitor- General)/ This Ministry was defeated on their Upper House Electoral Bill; and retired in March, 1860. Mr. Forster haanot since that time been at the head of an administration, although the opportunity of taking that position was offered to Mm in M ay, 1872, when the M artin Ministry was, defeated on the Border Duties question. He was Colonial Secretary in Mr. Martin's first ministry, and Secretary for Lands in Mr„ Robertson's second ministry. From February 9, 1876, to February 7, 1876, he was Colonial Treasurer in the Bobertson Ministry, and on that date was appointed Agent-General py colpsy of tfew South Wdei, resident in London. In the discharge of the duties of this important office he brought great ability to bear, and worthily represented the colony, at home; but in his correspondence with his official superior in Sydney, Sir Henry Parkes, he was provoked into employing language, the tone of which was resented by the Colonial Secretary, and the result was the recall of Mr. Forster from his position, and the subsequent appointment of Mr. (now. Sir Saul) Samuel. Mr. Forster, a few months after his rccall, returned to the colony, and on his arrival was surprised to find that, while on his voyage out the electors of Gundagai had done him the honour of electing him as their representative in the Legislative Assembly. He had always since valued highly this unexpected expression of confidence. His reception on his return to Sydney was very cordial, and a large number of the most influential citizens entertained him at a public banquet. Up to the time of his death he continued, to represent the electorate of Gundagai, taking a close interest in all matters that came before the Parliament. He wasrequested to assume the leadership of the Opposition; but declined, though closely allied to the party. It was in Oppositinn that his talents as -a politician have been best displayed. In the strength of his logical powers, and the culture of his intellectual faculties, he was unquestionably the foremost man in the New South Wales Parliament, and the loss that liis demise has occasioned is one that cannot easily be filled up.—Evening News. WHOLESALE ALIENATION OF CROWN LANDS.— In the Assembly on Friday, Sir John Robertson, in reply to|tbe following questions, asked by Mr W. R. Campbell on Tuesday, viz :—" 1. Does the Government int»nd t-I stop the wholesale alienntion of CrowD linds by auction, until this Houee HAB decided upon the provisions of the proposed new Lind B 1', especialy the 8873 acres on two rune alone, advertised for sole at Moree on the let of next month, and again 9043 nores on the fame runs ON the 15th, and another 4370 acres on the 29IH at Narrnbri 1 2, IS it a fact that these pastoral lessees have had large portions of their runs surveyed for auction SALE while conditional purchases in the same district remain utiBurveyed for mouths ?"—SAID :—There is no wholesale alienation of land authorised J in no istauce is any BLOCK beyond 640 acres submitted to auction, There are, I am informed, advertised for sale on the 1st proximo, on the Gurley ruD (originally about 215,000 acres), 4702 acres, and on the Bnowoona run. at the same office, 4172 acres. This appears to be an excessive s»le f"T such a place for one day, and the quantity will be reduced. On the 15'B November are also advertised at same place of s»le, 162 acres OD Deira run, 2766 acres on ourley ruo, 3477 seres on Goorar run, 2637 on Medgun run. Tilis appears to be excessive for such a place, and will be reduced. On the 29ih proximo there also advertised for sale at Narrabri, 100 acres on Terrowan run, 850 acreo on Billycna ruo, and 6404 acres on Gurley run. This appears to be excessive for such a place of sale, and will be reduced. IU answer to the second part of the question, the Surveyor- General informs me as follows:—"No. The surveyor dealt with conditional purchases, instructions in REGARD to which were in their hands before the land for auction wasmeasured.' LIQUIDATION or THE PUBLIC DEBT —On the* 23rd November Mr. G. A. Lluyd will move in the Assembly,—L That in the opinion of this House it is desirable to make some provision for the gradual liquidation of the public debt. 2\. That no more favourabie opportunity cau arise for such action than when there is a lar^e and increasing surplus revenue. 3. That while so much of that revenue is derived from sales of the public estate, some portion of the proceeds should be set aside to meet the engagements of the country. 4. That no scheme will be acceptable to this House which does not provide for an annual appropriation of a fixed amount, whioh shall be specially set apart and not liable to be otherwise disposed of. ~ 5. That the above resolutions be communicated by address to his Excellency the Governor. WFCECK OF THE WONIOBA.—LOSS OP SEVEN- TEEN LIVES.—An awfully sudden and unexpected dieaster^befel thesteam-collier Wonioraon Saturday night, resulting in the foundering of the vessel and the IOBS of the whuleof her crew, with the exception of one man. From particulars ibtained at La Perouse, it appeared that the Woniora was on a voyage from Bulli to Sydney laden with coal. When about four or five miles to the south-east of Botany Heads, and between 9 and 10 o'clock at night, a heavy sea struck the vesstl and caused her to founder almost immediately. All hands were on deck at the time, except the engineer, who was below. The man saved (Heinnch Fred.-ickson) after the vessel disappeared managed to seize a plauk, and paitly by swimming and pBrtty by retaining hold of one of the boats. J jet previously another man was on this boat, which was bottom up, but s sta came and swept him away, and Frederiekson did rot afterwards see him. As soon -as Frederickeon leached the boat be succeeded in righting it, and then, placing the plank acrosB it, and lashing it with a rope he found in the boat, made a sort ofoutiigger, which kept the b>>at from capsizing. An oar floated near, which he secured, and with this steered his way into Botany B landing on the shore directly opposite to La Perouse. He was then in such an exhausted condition that he lay down in the scrub, but towards daylight be heard a cock crow, and directed by the S"Und, crawled up to the residence of Mr. Beaker, of Kuroall, where he was kindly received and attended to. A large quantity of wreckage was picked up during Sunday about the beach at Botany. The man Heiurich Fredrickson rwho managed to fight his way to the shore on Saturday night, was, a« stated above, brought round from B tiny last evening, aud lauded at Captain Hixsou's Bteps at Miller's Point. He was conducted to the Captain's residence, where refreshments were supplied him. As soon as FtedrickBon had sufficiently recovered his senses he was interrogated Hy persons to ho felt interested in kuowing the worst -of this painful catastrophe. His acoount of the matter, briefly Kiven, is this:—That the steamer left.Bulli with, he believe! 1 , 242 tons of coal on board, and they experienced an easterly wind all tho way lip. The vessel appeared to him to be not at • all overladen for calm weather, but was too much so for weather like that whioh prevailed on Saturday, The passage was an exceedingly boisteruus one after starting from Bulli, with an easterly sea, which at times was enormou^ striking over the vessel and keeping her decks constmtly filled with water. The elements weie combated against -until off Botany, when she was struck by a tremendous cross sea on her beam end, from which she never recovered, and gradually sunk ftom that momeut. After Fredrickson got oleftr of the vessel be looked round for some mians with which he might sustain himself, and soon seized a pieoe of plaok, and preaenily he saw a b"at Idiom uppermost, with a man olutching for life on the top. In a moment, however, the poor fellow on the boat was swept off and svi allowed up in the waters. Fri drickeon made a (truggle to resoh the boat, and soon succeeded, still holding the solitary plank, and by some wonderful stroke on his par', be managed to right the boat in its proper position, and, by an exercise of judgment whioh speaks volumes in his favour, be lashed the plpnk crossways at the stern, so as to prevent her capsizing again, and to. this impromptu appliance the undoubtedly owes bis life. With a solitary paddle he managed to steer the boat, already filled with water, to a point of the coast within hearing distance of Mr. BsBker'a residence, for as already slated, by tbe sound ofa'oock crowing in tbe morn, he crept bis way to Beaker's bouse, where, in a terribly exhausted condition, he related tbe aad tale of what had happened to the WpDipwjMici whiit tad besoneof PPPJBHJW, The foundering occurred about 9 p.m. on Saturday evening, and anyone having a recollection of the weather at that particular,hour can well give credence to Frederickson's statement when he speaks of howling winds and thick weather at the lime the fatal seas struck over the vessel... Coni sidering, then, that the rescued man failed to reach shore at 2 a.m. on Sunday, he must have been five weary hours in a foaming sea struggling for life befcre he managed tp reach Mr. Beaker's hospitable home. . 