HINTS ON ETIQUETTE. * Excuse toe, gentlemen V said a young lady, entering our sanctum, ' but which one of you is the society editor f 'We don't keep one on this paper. Miss,1 said a horse critic, ' but the whole gang take a crack at that style of journalistic labour once in a while. Is there anything we can do for yon?' 'I was going to ask,' said the girl, 'if it would be too much tmnble Cor von tn rive me some Mntfl as to the proper way to receive guests at a wedding, how the supper should be served, and so forth V * You want to know what i* en riggle and recherchy, as the French say?1 remarked the horse man. * We can give you the correct pointer. Are you the blushing bride V 'Yes, sir,' said the girl in a rather weak voice; 'that is — ' 'Oh, I understand !' said the horse editor. ' I appreciate your feelings. I was once young and bashful myself. Now, about this wedding ; the receiving part is easy. After the nuptial ceremony is concluded, you and Mike—' * But his name isn't Mike !' said the young lady : * his name is—' 'Oh! I know all about that' said the equine journalist. 'Of course his name is Adelbert, or Reginald, or some other dry goods clerk nonsense, bnt in giving advice we always allode to the sucker ae Mike, and call the bride Hannah. It saves time. Now, after von and Mike are married, you want to jog along borne and plant yourself at the back end of the parlour. Better have a floral bell, or something like that, to stand under, because it is considered the correct thine, and makes a better toot ensemble, as the French aay. Then the guests they get in line, and go by you in a alow walk— a kind of we-iraried-him-sadly-at-dead-of-night clip — and you shake band's with each one and say ' Thanks,' awfully, and they look at you and Mike as if you were a couple of prize cattle, and feel sorry for you.' * And the supper?' said the young lady. 'Oh, yes; the supper! Well, at some weddings they feed in the dining room, and at others each guest sits on a chair and has iiia lunch brought to him. Now, I always adviee the use of chopped feed at weddings — bring on the ham and sandwiches, aud ice creams at the same time. They can't eat the sand wiches first you know, becaaee if they do the cream will melt, and if they throw in the cream to start with, the sandwiches wQl act like Banquo'B ghost — ** they will not get down !' ' And the horse reporter winked vigorously at the dramatic critic in order to attract the attention of that person to his able joke. But the critic was trying to smoke a cigar that the advance agent of the Whale had given him, and he did not look. 'Of coarse,' continued the biographer of Gold smith's Maid, *it would be better if yon could give each guest a box stall and throw the feed in early iu the evening, but this is not often practicable, so you bad better keep on the old racket !' ' I am sure I am very thankful, sir, for the interest you have taken iu this matter,* said the girl, 'aud I shall follow your advice. Which is tbe way downstairs, please ** 'There are two ways,* replied the horse reporter, ' you can jump down the hatchft'ay or take tbe stairs. Our elevator never runs.'— Ameridan Paper. Pbobably the finest exhibition of hnman courage tiiat is ever witnessed can be seen by interviewing the passengers of a western rail road train half an hour after the robbers are gone. 