IRovclist. G R I T. A Story of the past and liresent; of ordinary men and ordinary tilings, in ordinary language, ' Be sure thy sin will find thee out." It is a beautiful belief : I'luit ever round our ln-.i>l Are hovering, on angel wings, The spirits of th<\- . CHAPTER LXiV. -(CoMiNCKi-j. BY DONALD CAMERON. AUTHOH OF " IN THIi l/OI-US OI 'J ill: SliJii'liN'i'," S11.VJ;UW^TJCH JiliKlJ,*'' ii'J'C. lie knew that under any circumstances he could not live an hour. The drain had been too great. He remembered, too, the calculations he liad m;i<J.: when he contrive'! the liellieh plot to immure Jack alive in that very mine, how long a man could breathe in a level when it was sealed up. There was a certain quantity of life-giving oxygen in a given space; when that was exhausted the man must die a horrible heath. And when his mind had calmed down a little, lie could perceive that the air was already thick, and impregnated with carbonic acid gas It seemed to give no life. O, fur one breath of the pure and glorious element which he had breathed such a short time since. He remembered now how keen and bracing it was ; how it seemed to infuse fiesh life ami energy into the organisation. As a man in a dreary desert of sani pants for the running brook, so did this wretched being long for one breath of the air of heaven—the air that blew over the green fields. But it came not; in its place were those 41 blasts of hell," that only distressed and suffocated. Ordinary beings would, when placed in such a position, have tried to repent for the misdeeds of their life, and prepare for tin? great change. But Obadiah scorned these feelings. When he comprehended that there was no prospect of escape—that death Vas inevitable—his soul became Tilled with one, desire—to be revenged on Sniggle Snickers, lie endured the torments of perdition when he thought of the manner in which this man could escape punishment; how he could hold the shares and become wealthier than ever he was. The man absolutely gnashed his teeth when h<? thought of the triumph of Jack, the security of Hector, Hell itself could not liave such torment in store as this. The bodily pain he suffered was a drop in the ocean to this mental agony and unnatural hate. But Obadiah was fertile in expedients. He bethought him that he had in liis pocket some tablets, which he had brought with him to take notes of the work down in the mine, and he had, too, a box of matches used to light his cigars. Trying his hands he found that the right was not so injured but that he could move the wrist about a little. He first felt for the matches, and after great trouble, for he was becoming very weak, he lit one. What a thrill of pleasure Hashed through his frame when the match diffused its weak radiance. He then saw that lie must have been hurled along by the explosion into the very end where Snickers and he had been examining the reef. All around the evidences of the terrible convulsion were strewn, and a glance sufficed to show him that day,--: must elapse before the miners could reach him. There was no crosscut such as had saved Jack's life. But he soon saw that rapidly as he was sinking, exhaustion would not be the cause of his death. The huge blocks of stone had completely blocked up the level, and the water was rising rapidly. He could not move ; so the fatal stream would soon rise around him. It was already up to his knees, although lie had not felt it. His coward heart was again dismayed at this, and he would have relapsed into a slate of helpless terror were it not that he was nerved by the terrible desire to wreak vengeance upon his murderer. Setting the box of matches on lire he laid down the tablets on a piece of rock and began to write disjoint!'/ and painfully. But as he wrote on, describing the whole of the occurrence, his face lit up with a fiendish glow that made it appear awful in the fitful glare of the burning matches, which served only to show the hideous gloom of the vault. Even in that niomentj as he wrote with great drops of agony upon his brow, for the work of writing pained him terribly, nolhing but his devilish will could have forced the maimed hand to write; he saw the tableau of his revenge, his livid corpse confronting the murderer, the magistrate reading the tablets, the arrest, the condemned cell, the drop, and Sniggle Snickers hanging between heaven and earth; his vengeance full and complete. It almost reconciled him to death. He could write no more. The matches were nearly burned out, and the energy was dying within him. Yet, so self-possessed was he, so strung up by his rabid desire for revenge, that he placed the tablets in the inner pocket of his vest, so that the water which would lie around him would not affect them. And then he prepared for death, a lingering, terrible death ; but after all it was not a painful one. For although he made one or two struggles to raise his head above the water, nature was so fairly worn out, he had lost so much blood, that he could not even. move. A j'.nv snuggles, one or two feeble jj -it.;, ;ti! i Obadiah Sweetcomfort lay a stiffening corpse in the cold pool, surrounded by darkness and silence.* CHAPTER LXV. Hector Maeinnis had sat down after malting a speech, which he felt was a failure. The opposition, which had been growing in strength, bad attacked him upon some appointments he had made at Grit. Old M 4 Calvin, after a long absence from the House, had scented the battle afar off, and seeing his opportunity had attended that night. Sitting opposite, in his white vest and black clothes, with the ever flagrant bouquet in his coat, he had listened with a cynical smile to the attempts of Hector's parly togxplain away the 44 little transactions ;" yet he never moved until after Hector had replied. Then the old man got on his legs, took a glass of water, looked behind him at his supporters, who cheered lustily, and then glanced fiercely on his enemy, who had thrust 'lis hat over his 1 eyes when he set down, and was moodily watching these demonstrations. Then the old man opened out. Sentence after sentence Ilowed from him—cutting, cruel, slashing. He analysed the charges and the defence, and closed with a few words so telling uiat when lie sat down the House cheered for several minutes. One of the frothy orators, who were the curse of Hector's party, rose to reply. Just then a messenger came up to Hector, and ciingingly informed him that a lady was waiting to see him. Her name was iliss White. Hector started. Was this girl after all coming to liim of her own accord? Perhaps she was in want, and appealed to him as a hist resource, 4 4 She was very pressing, sir," said the messenger, '* and said if I mentioned the name it would be enough. She looked so poor 1 wouldn't have noticed her only for that." " Show her into niy private room," was the reply; and rising up Hector went out. He pondered in his own mind about this strange visitation. Well, after all, thought Hector, if he could obtain Bertha for whom he felt his old passion rising, lie could solace himself in retirement for a while, forgetting his political troubles. 1 le kne$ the end of his power was at hand. Motioning the messenger away, he walked inside. There was a female in the room—but she was not Bertha Wliite. Hector gave a glance at her. His face became crimson, his Lead grew dizzy, he reeled like a drunken man. He had to lean against the door for support. " Ay, you may well stagger," said Prudence— J.jJ- it was she. " You thought so see Bertha, the girl you are so fond of, and you see Prudence, the woman you liave wronged and all but murdered." "<ueal God!" cried Hector, putting his hand to his brow, "I am surely dreaming. The excitement is too great for me." 4 4 You were never more in your senses," was the cold answer, as she gloated over the terror and confusion of the man. "I am Prudence —no ghost, I can assure you." " But, but," said Hector, faintly, " you were reported dead—your body was found." " Stuff," said the woman, 44 I escaped out of the asylum and the blundering policeman took an others corpse for mine. I hope to live yet to revenge myself. I have kept out of your road until now, because I had no opportunity How patiently I waited to see ii you would marry Bertha that I might liave you arrested and tried as a common felon. But that did not take place, so I have had to wait—and my time has come at last." Hector sank into a chair, and put his hands over his eyes—trying to shut out the horrible ligure that had stepped between him and honor and happiness. At last he spoke. " Prudence there were wrongs on both sides : Ask what you like, I will give it to you." But <Lid he speak this from any wish to make reparation to this woman for the ill he had done ? Not he ! His desire was simply to give her the means of freely indulging in the poison which he knew would soon put an end to her life and rid him of her for ever. " Before 1 say another word I must have a cheque for £1000," said Prudence, gravely seating herself in an elegant cliair which seemed polluted by her rags. Hector rose, and, reaching foracheque book, wrote out the cheque. She glaneed at it with rapture. " Well, that is right," said she with a cold laugh. ." I wonder if these lackeys who pushed me about and seemed to think I wasn't tit for a kennel would use me ill if they knew I had this. Wealth commands attention, does it not, Hector ?" He groaned. "Howthat fellow, who went to you with the message, stared when I said I must see the Honorable Hector. A beggar, said he to himself, no doubt." " You have got what you want," said Hector, ;-:ome of his old fire returning; leave' me in peace for a while.' That I will," replied Prudence, fixing upon him a look of cold hate; 4 4 but not until I do you a service. Everything considered you liave behaved handsomely; so I'll tell you some news. Bunakum is dead!" A giiiam of sunshine came into Hector's face. Thank God, one of hie tormentors was gone—the one, indeed the only one being he feared. " You're happy to hear that," said Prudence ; " but don't be too fast. Before he died he had his son Jack at his bedside, and Jie made a full and open confession." Hector started up. His face become distorted, his eyes started out of their sockets. Seizing Prudence by the hand he spoke in a hoarse whisper: "Confessed! What? For God's sake tell me." Coldly, and with almost diabolical conciseness, the woman repeated Bunakum's confession. Word after word fell upon Hector's ears like boiling lead. His fate was sealed. The woman could not be telling lies No being on earth knew what had transpired except Bunakum. " Leave me, Prudence," said the man, in 4 an unearthly voice. 4 Leave me, if you value your life." The fearful tone of his voice had all the old power in it. The woman started back appalled, and walked out of the room, clutching the cheque. Siie had hardly gone, when a messenger knocked at the door. t "Come in," said Hector. 4 4 Division, sir," said the messenger. " I will be there presently." The division took place ; but Hector Maeinnis did not trouble the tellers. It was in his party's favor; but the majority was so slender that when the result was announced the Opposition cheered heartily. They saw the day for possession of the plunder was not far distant. CHAPTER LXVI. Hector walked out of the Parliament House into the reserve. The night was still and beautiful. The stars shone brightly in the deep blue heavens. The air was cool and refreshing. As he passed into the Fitzroy Gardens the whispering of the trees woke him up from the trance into which he had fallen. Arrived on the heights he looked down upon the city which it had been his ambition to govern. The lights sparkled every where—the hum of Bourke-street reached his ears subdued into a gentle murmur, the rumbling of the trains alone breaking the shell. He sighed heavily. " It is all over," said he, as he leaned against the cold iron railing. " It is all over. My enemy has conquered—and for me there is neither fame, honor, nor peace left." One longing gaze, and then he sought the splendid mansion where he had taken up his abode. He walked into liis library. There were all the books which he had gathered together, and which were to him the greatest of friends. He turned them over one after the other, fondly glancing at the familiar title pages. After a wliile he turned away with a start, the bloodhounds might now be on his track, lie went hurriedly to one of the drawers, and unlocking it, took out a small phial. Hector Maeinnis looked around him. What bitter feelings were in his heart then ! He could see, plain as the day, the dire mistakes that he had made, .gratifying his passions at the expense of his peace. Oh, if he had kept free from sin, what a brilliant life would his be now! 4 4 Be sure thy sin will lind thee out V' But what folly this was ! What avail was regret now ? He could trace, step by step, the mistakes he had made He could see how he could have avoided this fate ; but would that help now ? No ! lteaching a glass he poured out a few drops of the liquid in the phial; and then, taking a seat in the luxurious reading chair, he swallowed the potion. For a while he gazed on the pictures on the opposite wall; then a deep slumber came over him. He made unavailing efforts to keep awake, to realise his position ; but sleep, the last sleep of death, came upon him, and he passed away gentle as a child. ClIAPTEIL LXVil. Jack was quietly breakfasting at a little hotel where he had taken up his quarters. He was anxious to see the papers ; but an aged and amiable individual had taken unto himself the only morning journal subscribed for by the host, and it was not until he read it to the very last advertisement, that Jack could get it. Nor did the old man make the slightest discovery of its contents, although there was sufficient in the paper to make a frozen man speak. No, he would not do that much to piease his fellows. A glance sufficed to apprise Jack of the awful event of the last night. He saw that by some means Hector had learned that Bunakum had made a confession, and that he had resolved to forestall vengeance. At first Jack could not imagine how the information had been conveyed to him; but he presently remembered the absence of Prudence, and at once conjectured what had occurred. The newspapers set down lhe extraordinary event, for the fact that poison had been taken, was carefully concealed, to the fact that Hector had seen he would lose his position in a short time, and be relegated to private life ; and this had preyed so much upon him that it had brought on a severe attack of heart disease, from which he had for years been suffering. This, of course, did not satisfy the general public; and they invented numerous tales to account for Hector's sudden death, which, no doubt, will go down to their children, and assume the shape of portentous legends. After Jack had fixed Bertlia comfortably in a little place at Emerald Hill, he returned to Grit, to begin the labor of life again, hoping Fate would be kind to him once more. After the terrible events of the past few days, and the death of all his enemies, Jack felL certain that a brighter future was in store. CHAPTER LXVI1I. At last the glimmering dawn Upon the eastern verge appear.-:. And after night the morn Heams on us with its smiles mid tears. The shadows of the night Fade in the ijuli.iiioe of the d:iy ; And life again is bright With joy that shall not fade away. Night on Grit! Night still and solemn, veiling in her mystic pall the landscape - casting over all a weird and awful shadow. The crushing mills still stamped and thundered ; the streets were busy with people; but in the outskirts the profound peace of evening had fallen. The birds had sought the trees; nature was in repose; every creature but man, restless man, had gone to rest. But man, intelligent man, was still busy in pursuit of the phantoms for which he sacrifices soul, ami honor, and peace. Soon a gentle radiance appeared in the east, strengthening until the cold chaste moon arose over the hills and dissipating the gloom of night, cast over nature her own fairy lights and shadows. The moon looked down that night upon no stranger scene than that being enacted at the Hesperus Extended mine. News had spread far and wide that Obadiah Sweetcomfort's body had been recovered; so a large crowd was gathered together. It was quite an event in Grit. For years life had gone on in a quiet, listless way. Ever since the great collapse, the stream of existence had Ilowed evenly enough. But now there was a genuine excitement. Men moved about, and tallied of the day on which Jack was buried alive, and the extraordinary events that followed ; and there were a few old greyheaded men who did not forget to put ii) a word about the memorable night of the Hood when Janet was murdered, ami the Oritly fialli/ Triimpi't inaugurated. Some wondered if the great occurrences that had taken place during the past few days were precursors of a change. Why not? Any great event in the past had always been followed by a change for the better. And it was generally agreed that if uch would occur, the terrible deaths of Hector Maeinnis and Obadiah Sweetcomfort would not be regretted. Little was heard on behalf of either. A few half-wondering, half-pitying words were dropped about Hector, dead in th< prime of his life, the height of his glory; but whatever was said about Obadiah, was the reverseof complimentary, the axiom //.<' mortuix, c., notwithstanding. Everyone seemed glad that the rich man had died and gone—well, there was a singular unanimity as to where he had gone. It was the time for those to whom he had refused a loan, or upon whom lie had trodden, to revenge themselves, and they did it unsparingly. Jack and William stood by, near the poppetlegs, unnoticed. Jack had faded completely out of memory in the hurry-scurry of life; and the very men who talked about his wonderful escape, never noticed that the hero of their story was standing by. But Jack was rather pleased than otherwise at this. He knew now the hollowness of fame. Standing there in the moonlight, watching the groups of earnest talkers, now and then glancing over the moonlit scene, what a flood of memories passed through Jack's mind, thrilling his heart with emotion after emotion —joyous, sad, gay, and grave. The pastoral scenes of his youth, the day when he met William Brown, now standing beside him, and first saw the metal which had since played so important a part in his life ; the dream of the Shining Reef; the night of horror when his mother died; the hours of courtship; the burying alive in this very mine; the day of his grandeur and wealth; the hour of his fall; the loss of Bertha; the joyful reconciliation ; the death of his father! Strange, eventful history. What would be the end ? " If the old man had been here," said a 4 venerable digger near Jack, 4 wouldn't he have given us a line speech ? He could speak!" " Old Bunakum?" said another fogey. " Ay, that he could. Words came to him like water to a mill; but he's dead now. It's high time we went, too." " Strange," said the other, " that all the old hands are dying out; and though they were here in the good times, they leave little behind them." "Too fond of enjoying themselves," said the second speaker. *' The drop of grog, you lillOW." " Ay, ay," was the reply, accompanied with a shake of the head. Jack looked at the men. In the spectral light they seemed to him as if they were the old friends dead and gone, of whom Bunakum had spoken in some of his last speeches. A sudden movement in the crowd told Jack and William that something had taken place. The strange silence informed them the body of Obadiah had come to the surface. With an effort they got into the front rank. There, in the truck, lay the corpse of the wretched man. The cold, white faee and stony eyes looked up at the quiet moon with a horrible stare. It was a sight that hushed the assemblage into stillness. Not long since this man was in the full possession of health and strength and riehes; looked up to with the awe that wealth creates. He held the destinies of many there in his hands. A word from hiin, and their daily broad was gone—another word and they were wealthy for life. Now, the meanest of the crowd could jeer at him; the weakest take 1 hat nerveless hand. In sight of that poor, helpless piece of clay, Jack forgot the hate and anger of tjie past, and almost regretted the fate that had snatched away this man before he had repented his deeds. Jack stood next to Sniggle Snickers. Everyone had noticed during the day the awful excitement under which this man labored; but ail had set it down to natural feeling. Obadiah and Sniggle had been great friends, and it was owing to accident that, as in life they had been inseparable, in death they were not divided. Sniggle had hitherto been a sober man ; but on this day he had drank, and drank brandy, and it seemed to have no effect upon him. . Only Jack noticed the ghastly hue of his face as he gazed on the corpse. As the moonlight shone upon his distorted face, it rivalled that of the dead man m rigidity and ghastliness. But who was to dream of the terrible secret that face concealed ? . The light being brought forward, they searched Obadiah's body, the magistrates and the police .standing by. Sniggle Snickers was amongst the group, and Jack was close to him. After a while they came across the tablets. The officer of police observed them and glanced at the writing. A cold sweat burst fortii from every pore of Sniggle Snickers' frame. Was it possible that Obadiah had lived long enough to write down what bud occured ? He made a movement as if to fly ; but his terror and prostration were so great, and his limbs seemed-to fail him. The police officer read on ; and- those near to him could see that an expression of the utmost astonishment appeared upon his face. He had hardly began to read when he glanced at Sniggle Snickers, and the wretched man felt as if the officer read wit!) one eye and kept the other fixed upon him. His knees knocked together, his face lit, half by the moonlight half by the lanterns, was ghastly white. When the officer closed the tablet—he had never taken his eye off Snickers—he turned to a trooper. *' Wilson," he said, " arrest Mr. Sniggle Snickers for the murder of Obadiah Sweetcomfort." Those who stood close to the shaft of the Hesperus Extended were conscious of something Hashing past them, and the vast crowd heard a shriek of horror and dispair which they never forgot to their dying day. Sniggle Snickers, casting a glance at the glorious moon that was sailing in the heavens, the blue sky, the thousand faces Jit by lamp and moon, threw up his arms and sprang into the shaft. Those close at hand could hear his corpse as it rebounded from side to side until at last with an awful thud it fell upon the bottom—a thousand feel below ! The crowd gathered round the shaft with confused an awe stricken murmurs, and men at once got into the cage and descended. Presently it came up hearing a mass of llesh from which all humanity had been crushed out. People turned from the awful sight. The police placed the two corpses on the one trestle and bore them away. The people still crowded round talking of these terrible events, and regaling each other with ominous versions of the awful story. But soon it was evident something of even greater and more personal interest was exciting the mass. Whispers began to circulate amongst the crowd, and intelligence was on foot, that overpowered even this wonderful instance of hatred beyond death. In some manner it was communicated that a new reef of surprising richness had been discovered in the Hesperus Extended mine. Avarice, long latent, was now developed, and soon the crowd was hurrying to and fro seeking to pick up shares—leaving Obadiah's corpse locked up in the office to await the inquest. Our friends heard the ne\vs; but it was of little interest to them. They had no money to purchase shares. With a weary sigh of regret they left the scene and walked away towards their home, talking as they went of the affairs of the day. Neither guessed the true solution of events—they only wondered and speculated. CHAPTER LXIX. Emily was waiting for them, and had prepared a neat little repast. Jack sighed as he thought that the little money they had would soon melt away, and then what would he do? As yet he saw no way out of his difficulties. Earnestly as he desired to be united to Bertha there appeared no gleam of hope to encourage him to anticipate the joyful event. It seemed that they would each have to toil on. O, for a few hundred pounds wherewith to buy into his old claim ! He did not speak of this to his dear friends, but they could easily divine his thoughts—indeed their own minds were exercised on the subject of the future. But William spoke hopefully, and predicted that the finding of a rich reef in the llesperus Extended would revivify the district and would lead to plenty of capital being ' troduced and consequent work, wliejj they might look forward to a brighter future. It was not long before William and Emily retired. Jack sat reading a worn out novel. But he could get no rest. It seemed as if an Unseen Being was calling upon him to do something. Now and then the ghastly face of Obadiah seemed to peer out upon him from the corner, .and occasionally he thought he saw Hector Maeinnis standing in the moon light at the door as if beckoning him. But these were only the phantoms of a troubled brain. Presently he felt an overwhelming desire to go up the claim and do some work. It would not be the first occasion; for often enough had he worked until the small hours of the morning in his eagerness to find out what the ground contained. So taking a candle and matches he walked up the liill and de elided the shaft. It was already 100 feet in depth, and they were driving a crosscut to tin? east to see what they could strike. . So far the ground had been very hard, with no water. There was a drill in an unfinished hole. Jack set to work on it, glad to escape from his distressing thoughts. He noticed after a while that the drill was in quartz and water began to flow out. This nerved him to greater exertions, even although he knew that the ground was full of little " leaders," but so much water did not come from 44 leaders.' When the hole was sufficiently deep he put in a charge, tamped it, and, setting the fuse alight, retired into a place of safety. Soon the ground shook with the explosion, and when ii was over, Jack walked out, lighted his candle and proceeded to examine the dislodged l ock. A glance sent the blood rushing through liis frame. Quartz had been struck—a reef, too, for the water was flowing from the face. He hardly breathed, so great was his excitement. Taking up a piece of quartz he looked at it. The stone was white, with blue seams. Here was galena ; there, 0, Great Heavens! gold! beautiful, glittering gold! permeating the stone everywhere. He knew it well. It was the true Hesperus Extended lode I The event was too much for him. He sank upon the ground in a faint. Was it a faint ? Tliat moment the level became suffused with light—not the cold phopliorscent gleam of the moonbeams but a warm golden light— such jas he had beheld in the dreams of the past. And hovering above him was the Beneficient Spirit of other days, a bright smile on her faee. In front was a wall of golden rock—the white and blue and yellow clearly defined. And behind the Spirit, he thought he saw his mother-—her faee bright and happy—her eyes lixed upon him and beaming with joy. The Spirit now waved her hand, and amid a gentle melody, floating like fairy music in the air, her voice came to him for the last time : " Your's at last : the Shining lleef !" CHAPTER LXX. Parting is sad under any circumstances; and even when we have followed our characters to a successful close 1 , and the reader's imagination can fill all the blanks, it is not unwise to give a few closing remarks. Our characters have grown upon us as we have proceeded, and it is not without a sigh that we lay down our pen and bid tliem an eternal farewell. Prudence Maeinnis made so good a use of the £1000 Hector had given her, that before a fortnight after his death she was taken to the Kew Lunatic Asylum—this time really mad ; and ere many weeks she, too followed the caravan that is ever moving on into dlernity. Mr. Clack reformed his ways and became a model citizen—Bertha's words being touched his soul and turned him back at the right moment. Two tombstones in the cemetery of Grit speak for themselves. The inscription on one reads — SAClllCl) To ran siKiioii v or OB A DIAH SWEETCOMFORT, WHO uuii) ON— Erected in remembrance of his worth as a citizen, his value as a friend, his example as a Christian, and his sad and awful death. " O death ! where is thy sting; O grave; 1 where is thy victory ?" Gilded lie! The other inscription is this - JANET MELDON, jiomicn of JOUN JucnnoN, JiOJtN- DILI/ " To liim whose head was crowned with thorns, Whose tears of blood were HIK-I! for nie, ] cling in humble earnest hope, My advocate that lie will lie.'' And what remains for us to say ? Nothing ! After years of pain and misery ; after stumbling long in the paths of error and darkness, the bright dawn of a new and better life appeared to Bertha and her lover. The Shining Reef, as it was named in accordance with Jack's extraordinary dreams, turned out to be even richer than the Hesperus Extended, of which it was a continuation. Grit, long down-trodden, rose to even greater wealth and prosperity than it had ever known. The Busy Bee is one; more the scene of business and revelry, the hundreds who had flown elsewhere when the clouds of adversity hovered over it, have nowgieturnedl; and it is not likely that the people of Grit, having received one lesson, will allow this opportunity to pass. Jack is now a wealthier man than he was in the times of the mania; and next to him is William, who has reaped at last the reward of his patience. To the latter the happiness of his dear Emily is the greatest of liis joys. And as Jack has abjured speculation, and is contented and happy with the lovely partner of his life, it is not likely that he will ever again lose the fortune he has amassed out of the Shining Reef. And if there is one lesson he inculcates to liis children more than another, it is that solemn one of Scripture, burnt into his mind by the history of the past— Be sure thy sin will find thee out." Tin: END. 