ftalrs an& f hcUhts. PLAYING THE WBOXG CARD. (Concluded. ) CHAPTEB rv. Mb. Styles sat silent and stupefied after the departure of his colleague. The pipe had gone out and was now rekindled ; while the jog of beer, which had given point to the sarcasm of Charley— as he still called him in bis reverie — remained nn touched at bis elbow. The situation was indeed a serious one for the unlucky Professor. He bad been buoyed up by the prospect of this on expected windfall ; he had seen his way to taking larger halls, and * working larger towns for the next week or two at anyrate, with its help ; and now it had utterly vanished, plunging him, as a matter of coarse, as deep into despair as its prospect had raised him into hope. He had sent tbe bagzage-man and the properties on to Bingledou, where he was announced to open the next night ; a deposit was paid on tbe large room at the Town Hall ; bills by this time were circulated, his posters had been ont for some days. And now all this trouble was lost ; his outlay was forfeited. He conld not open by himself. Even if a musician conld be found in Bingledon, a thing hardly likely in as would suit Aim— what was he to do with out Lccfle ? Her loss was ntteriy fatal to the speculation ; in fact, her loss would be fatal to his business altogether. His slender resources would not, coo Id not, hold out until be had replaced, her. His properties would be seized, and he should be mined. 'My health's a-going,' he mattered, as he reached this stage of Jhis reverie ; ' and I ehall have to go to tbe workhouse. I little thought when I took old Ben Boley half-a-crown and a pound of tea last year, that I shoold so soon come to be where I saw him ; but its what I am coming to.' A tremendous knock at the street door interrupted and startled him. He listened with a foreboding of some fresh evil ; bat ere he could determine wbo was his visitor, the door of his room was thrown open, and Mr Igo&tins; Hythe came hurriedly and excitedly in. ' Here's a pretty go !' exclaimed that gentleman, who could scarcely gasp out the words — * here's a pretty go I Where's that confounded foreign scoundrel ! He has done it I A vice thing I have made of it by ? What has he done ? I should really be glad if you would tell me,1 returned Styles ; *for he has been here talking in a crazy style about being revenged, and says he is actually the person we employed him to represent.' ? So he is V cried Hytbe. ' The vagabond was just tbe last man in the world we ought to have spoken to. He has nearly killed my brother, and has entirely ruined me.' ? What hrt* be done f exclaimed Styles, who was partly excited and partly frightened, as his visitor pin need frantically about the room 4How has ~ he killed your brother? How has be ruined vou V ? He has given my brother a shock from which he will never recover,' said Mr Iznatins ; ' he V1?^ had s fit in consequence and. in his weak state it will be fatal Bot he has actually seen his daughter ! This abominable foreign musician, or whatever you choose to call him. is her uncle. He showed her to Maurice, He took her away with a threat that Manrice should never see her again. What is the consequence? My brother now knows that she is alive, while previously he only dreamed it. His conscience, which was morbid and troublesome enough before, is now irresistible. He means to telegraph for his solicitor to-morrow. He will alter his will in favour of his child, so that now we shall get nothing at all I If she bad remained here, it would not have mattered, as be would have been content with providing for her, and compensating by kindness for any wrong he had done ; but he regards what has now happened as a jedem^nt, and that on \ account of it he is bound to mortify himself | and all his friends.— And by Jove, sir.it/* mortifying V concluded Mr Hythe, with an abrupt cbange of tone. ? Well, what are you coing to do ? What do you want me to do'?1 asked Styles. ' He has entirely broken up my tour. I have billed my two next towns, paid a deposit on the haD at BingledoQ ; and here I jim without a chance of giving the show and hardly eoooeh monev Wtfor my railway fare.' ' Ob ! here's some money ; take it ; I want your help,' exclaimed Bythe. throwing a With sparkling eve?. the Professor scrambled them up. ' Well, what help do ' We most find this fellow ; we mast get back the girl !' returned Mr Hythe. ' Con found him '. He has no right to keep her from her parent. It's unnatural— it's atrocious- If I can, get hold of her, I have not the least doubt1 from what 1 know of my brother, that we can manage him very welL So we will follow this foreign scoundrel, and catch him if we can. 1 will claim tbe girl, and call ia the police if necessary. Gad, if it's necessary, I Will seize her by force, and you mnst back me ?P '' 1 Oh !' ejaculated Styles, with a perceptible lengthening of his visage; ' I don't altogether like that idea. He's a dangerous fellow, and he carries the ugliest knife you ever saw ont of a butcher's shop.' foreign tricks I exclaimed the desperate Igna tius. ' I'll knock him down with my stick, if we really come to a fiffbt. Bat for tbe matter of that, I would just as eoon be nm through the body as not, if we don't get the girl nack.' ?Ab ! but I wonldnV said the cautious Styles; 'and I giv« yon fair warning that while I will do all I can in the way of persuasion, or will back you Dp in case we fetch a police, if it comes to fighting— keep ' I'll do that part of the business/ said his resolute visitor. * Bather than not keep my brother from altering hie will, I would face twenty foreigners with twenty knives apiece. ? Xow, come on. How shall we get on his trail r ? That won't be very difficult to begin with, at anyrate/ eaid Styles. ' He must have cone by rail, if he has gone at all ; and a little gossiping place like this has one advantage — everybody knows everybody ; and Fll defy such conspicuous characters as Charley and Lucile to take tickets without their being known and their destination remembered. We are right for the first stage, I am certain.' * Then on with your coat, and off we go,' continued Hythe. * If there's a train any time to-night in the direction they have taken, we follow;1 * But about Bingledon V ? began Styles. ' Let Bingledon shift for itself ! The people at Bingledon can do without you I daresay. Telegraph in the morning, or do what yon like ; but let us lose no time now.' Thus urged, Mr Styles had do option bat to comply. Tbe sovereigns that had been so lavishly thrust upon him softened in a wonderful way his feelings regarding the dis appointment of the good people of Bingledon. In a feu- minntes they had left the house, and were at the railway station, where the correctness of Mr Styles* judgment was at once made manifest. The clerk and porter each recollected the departure of Mr. Join v file, as they called him, accompanied by Mademoiselle Tuscano, and recollected also that they bad taken tickets for a station named Bash field. The night-mafl doe in about an honr and a half, stopped at that station. * He will change there, and go across to Stumpley, which is on the South-Western line,' said Hytbe. 'He means to go to Southampton, and take a steamer for America; that's b's game.' ' But I don't think he has enough money ' said Styles. * Oh \ there's never any telling with these foreigners,' interrupted Hythe. * He may have been screwing and saving op ever since he has been with yon.' Mr. Sty Jea made no reply tothissuggestion ; but by an erpresaive frown and shake of the head, be might have been of opinion that 'Charley/ as he still called him, was not likely to have saved much while in his company. To follow their journsymgB in quest of the fugitives would only weary the reader. Suffice it, therefore, to note that Mr Hythe and Styles at length found themselves— «n route for Southampton — at Bushfield Junction. The junction was at a very lonely spot ; a straggling village was the nearest approach to a town for several miles ; while oat on the bare downs beyond, or in the narrow anil lanes, which served as byroads, there were but few cottages to be seen, and still fewer buildings that deserved the name of farm houses. So there was little to invite any one to go strolling abont in the quiet light of the sinking ann, which was now just visible above the low hills which bounded the view to the west. Thus argued Styles ; but Hythe was of a. different opinion. Luckily, however, he did not deem it necessary to insist on the Professor accompanying him in his ramble ; and so, comfortably ensconced in the village inn, with the London paper to read, his legs resting on the long seat, tbe oft deferred meal at last served , Styles awaited his companion's Mr. Hythe, restless as before, Boon got beyond the limits of the village, and crossed the wide common which lies immediately beyond. He then turned to retrace bis steps, as twilight had set in ; and the occasiooaJ barking of the dogs reminded him that it miebt be unpleasant to find his way back after dark. Passing one of the few houses which were of somewhat better grade than tbe poorest labourers' cottages, he saw a woman standing at the door, wbo looked so earnestly at him, that be thought ahe was about to speak. Slackening bis' pace he looked fixedly at her in turn. The woman noticing it, said apologetically, and dropping a rustic courtesy, as she spoke : ' I thought, sir, you that's what I was looking out for air.' * I am sorry yoa are disappointed/ replied for wishing to see a doctor.' I am afraid Davy — that's my boy, sir, hasn't found Dr. Camm at home, he has been so low* gone.' 1 I have been a doctor, altbongh non retired from the profession,' said Hythe. ' If I can be of any service till your doctor 4 Von are very kiud sir/ replied the woman, as Hythe paused ; *and if you would not mind looking in, I should be a great deal easier in little girl staying here for a day or two/ ' Eh ? a gentleman and little girl !' repeated Hythe, roused into the keenest attention at * Yes, sir/ she continued. c They are foreigners. I think ; and he is mortal bad to day. I think he is going out of his mind, as well as being dreadful ill sir ; and the little girl ia so frightened. * Where is he T exclaimed Hythe. in a decided tone. * I will see him at once.* *I don't know, sir/ said the wotnaa hesita tingly, 'whether he has got any money ; and we are too poor T ? 'Ob that is of do consequence/ retnraed Hythe, with a readiness which at once impressed the poor woman with a sense of his generosity. * Just show me the room/ The woman turned, and led the stranger into tbe front-room, which meanly furnished aa it was, was evidently the best parlour of tbe house. A low moaning sound was amiable as he entered. 'That iathe poor gentleman, sir,' she continued, 'He is in the back-room. I will go and see if he is sensible.— This man is a doctor, my dear, and will cure your uncle. This last phrase was addressed to a girl wbo sat cowering and shy ia the darkest corner of the apartment. Hythe had not seen her -until be followed the direction of the woman's eyes. * Ah ?. it's all right ! I have her now/ was his mental ejaculation. The girl looked up at him with out any recognition in her eyes. — *This is a strange place for vou, my dear,' said Hythe. 'I know from your landlady that you have not been here long. Were you about to settle in this village? 'No! I think not sir/ replied the girl. 'I hardly know what Mr. Charles was going to do ; I think be meant to go back to America. 'I was sot far out in my guess, then/ thought Hylbe. The return of the woman stopped further conversation ; and be accompanied her to the bed-room, where, restlessly turning on his couch, lay the man whom he had sought. As would have been tbe case with every other doctor, personal feelings, likings, and dislikinga, all ideas of danger to himself from this mac, were instantly banished, and Hytbe saw in him only a Buffering patient. ' His brain is dreadfully affected, and he is in great danger/ said he to the landlady presently. ' I think it is more than probable that be will die here.7 * O dear me ; deary me !' exclaimed the poor soul, wringing her hands. 'Whatever shall we do t My husband has been out of work these four weeks with a bad hand.' 4 1 will wait until I sec your local doctor/ continued Hythe ; ' and will ask him to Bend a nurse down to assist you. As it strangely happens that I know this man, I will be responsible for all expenses, and. will take the girl to her friends. There is a person waiting for me at the Half Moon Inn at Bashfield, to whom the little girl is well known. Can you send for him ?' ' O yes, sir !' exclaimed the woman, whose face had brightened considerably. ' I do think I hear oar Davy outside now. He will go.' She was correct. Davy came in with the news that he had been waiting until Dr. Camm returned ; that he had seen that gentle man, who had promised to follow hinj in a quarter of an hour. Stimulated by the promise of a shilling, D&vy; lost no time in lurrying back to Bashfield as fast as his heavy, clay-clogged boots would carry him, bearing Mr. Hythe's card, with a request for the immediate attendance of Styles. The doctor arrived 6rst, and promptly coincided with ths opinion already expressed by Hythe as to the fatal nature of the illness. He readily agreed to find the purse, and took charge of a few pounds which Hythe left in bis hands for current expenses. Ab be did so a little bnftle was heard in the parlour* followed by an exclamation of delight and surprise from the girl With a word of apology for his abruptness, Hythe hurried to the room, where he saw, as expected, the girl clinging round Styles's neck in a transport of delight. ' Have you come to take me back f said the child. * I do sot love Mr Charles as I love you. ' (She had been taught to speak of him always as ' Mr. Charles ' in the company.) ' He does not lore me at alL Do not send me away again !' ' No, Lucile, never ; you shall never leave Die again, ' said Styles ; ' that is, ' he added, as he recollected the claims of Mr. Maurice Hythe, 'you ehall never go anywhere but where you please, aod where you are happy. — She always took to me, you know,* be continued in alow tone to Mr. Hythe. * We have been together these two years, and I always considered her as my daughter. ' Tbe girl would not part from Styles ; and so, holding his band, she presently set ont to walk to the junction. Hythe followed closely, after a final consultation with the surgeon, who promised to let him know by telegraph the patient's state in the morning — if he lasted till then ; but nnlesfl some unlooked-for change took place, he probably would not hold out. Catching an early train the three reached Fieldenham by midnight, where, under pretence of not disturbing their landlady, and after repeated promises from Styles to call for her the next day, the girl consented to go to Myrtle Villa to sleep, and there met with a warm reception, Mrs Hythe being quite as much alive to tbe Importance of her restoration as was her husband. In the morning Styles came round punctually; and as he came to the gate, there arrived also a telegraph messenger, wbose tidings were brief, bat final— Vilada was dead. There was an unavoidable shock in hearing this ; but both Hytbe and Styles were secretly conscious of a feeling of relief. Lucile — we shall for the brief remainder of our story preserve her old name — wbo had no idea of his danger, was not told of his death for some days. Early in the forenoon, as may be supposed, Mr. Hytbe took the girl round to his brother, who was now so weak that he could not stand, and was lying on a couch which faced the window ; but the interview which followed shall be outlined in the description given of it by Mr. Ignatius to his wife. *It was like a resurrection, Maria ; If yon had seen a ghost, you would not have been more frightened than at seeing that panting, hollow-eyed fellow rise op with a sort of scream. — Bnt she wasn't frightened ! not a bit. How sbe knew he did not mean her any harm, I can't say, bet she took to him directly. He says he shall get well now ; and I believe he will. —I had a long talk with him and it will be all right Maria/ It was all right from Myrtle Villa point of view. Delighted at the restoration of hie daughter -, thankful for the opportunity of undoing his wrong in part, at least. Maurice Hythe became a new man ; and never forgetful that it was to his brother's energy and wonderful sagacity he owned these boons, his lawyer was again summoned, and the will I was this time altered in a manner which gave gftneral satisfaction. A very handsome present to the poor woman at Bosh field Common raised her to the seventh heaven of delight, as it did also her husband, who had the bad band, and * Davy1 ^ the messenger ; while Mr Styles ? Bat- heA also shall speak, of himself. He often did^fe speak of himself. He often did speak of him self as he sat over bis glass of grog in tbe select parlour of the Three Blind Mice at Kentish Town, If. W.. which hobtel stands at the corner of the Btreet in wnich were situated Mr Styles' apartments. * And that's how it was, sir/ he would say, wheo finish ing the oft-repeated narrative. 'The tour which I thought was going to be a complete bust-np for me, was the making of me. The loss of my dancer and my pianist, which made me think of the workhouse, was the only thing, as it turned, which conld have kept me from it. I sever vent a tour again, sad never shall now, and I don't want to. She don't forget the old man, sir ; and if I ain't rich, I ain't poor, and I can jog on quiet and comfortable, as I've got breath to do it This ia the only time, sir, I ever knew by playing the wrong card, which was what we certainly did when we put Charley on the business.' — From Chamber 't- Journal. 