IRovclist. GRIT. A Story of the Past and Present; of Ordinary men and Ordinary things, in Ordinary language, " Ue mile thy riijj will jind thee out.' It is il lieailliful belief: That eve) - round our head An* hovering on angel wings, The spuils of the dead. CHAPTER V.—(COXTIXCCJI), BY DONALD CAMERON. -lUTJIOJi Of " JN Jill: t'OJ.Dii Ol' 'flflj SiiiU'^NJ'," "SilLVJJJlWATIiit tilCMt," K'J'C. "Then you won't do it again," .said Jack; and ho let out his list, and, with one Mow, t-onsiderably damaged Obadiah's long sanctimonious nose. Another liit decidedly interfered with Obadiah's optica! powers. That worthy did not make much of an attempt to rejoin ; lie did wildly flourish his hands" in a clawing fashion at first, hut the .second Mow made ]iim think" a masterly retreat expedient, and av.ay ho, ran, with Spot at his heels. There was a little puddle a hit ahead, and into this, in his hlind I right, Ohadiah fell, emerging 'covered with mud. But his terror would not allow him to stop, and away In; scudded, while Jack and Bertha fairly laughed until the tears ran from their eyes. ' Perhaps, had they seen Obadiah's evil face when lie was a safe distance oft', tli«;y might Jiave felt inclined to fear instead of laughing. Beilha explained to Jack that she liad come out to bring hojne the two goats her mother k-pt when the storm began to gather, and that she Jiad met with Ohadiah, wiio had began to tease lier, and tried to sua tell a kiss, .lack helped Berth a home with the goals, which was an easy matter, as Spot and Lassy look charge of them, glad of once more liaving charge of .something, although Lassy was a little jealous of Kpot, and showed her teeth once or twice when lie became too officious. ^ Night had gathered when they got to Bertha's place, and already drops, forerunners of the great storm, hejjan to fall., 4aek hurried home. It was all in darkness. He found his mother lying on the bed, moaning. When he came iip, she folded lriui to her b) east, and began to weep bitterly x "Jack, dear Jack," she .said plaintively;• " he's been home and beat me. I went to lake him away from the meeting, and he was cross. But I was in<>u<i at Ihe time. You know, Jack." You know! Poor Janet, what meaning die threw into these .simple words. Jack's heart beat Just, and the. blood of varly manhood rushed through his yeins. lie almost felt strong enough to punish the mail who had dated to raise his hand to his mother. What if she had erred, was she not his mother ? Teat s, indignant tears, came into liis eyes, and lie wept bitterly. "(rod bless you, Jack; God bleHs you," •said the poor woman. "Oh! how I have gone astray— how 1 have gone astray ! Was this what my mother taught me, Jack? No, no, no." And she moaned in a manner that went straight to thn boy's heart. He grieved to see her take on so. "Cheer up, dear mother; cheer up," he said. " I'm strong enough now, and I'll work for you very hard, and you can leave that man." But she shook her head, and moaned. The thunder now began to roar, the lightning to tear across the gloomy heavens, and the wind to moan around the dwelling. Then came the deluge of rain, pouring down as if from an ocean overhead. And in that terrible storm the mother and son sat together. At last a lull came. Jack stepped to the •door, and looked out. The clouds were scudding away, and here and there patches of blue sky were to he seen. The moon, which was hi her last quarter, occasionally peeped out to reveal a sodden world, and a great Hood of yellow waters tumbling down Gritty Gully, overturning in its wrath all that man liad done there. " I'll go out, mother," said Jack. " I want to see what damage, the Hood's done. Look at all the men gathered about to save their claims. It's very exciting." " Jack," said poor Janet, " forgive your poor mother for what she's done. I have been so had, so bad. Gpod, Lord, look down from heaven and pity me. O! mother, mother, if you saw me now !" " Don't take on so, dear mother," .said Jack. " I'll be back soon." "If you never see me again, don't forget your mother," said Janet. " Jack, if I die, I will come back and watch over you. I have not done what is right, and I must watch over you, dear.Jack." " Don't talk of dying, dear mother," said ihe boy. " All will be right in time." ; By the pale light of the moon Jack kaw his mother'.-, face. It was ghastly, drawn in with mental agony, and the large eyes were very mournful, lie felt his heart breaking. She kissed him passionately, and folded him to her breast. Then Jock wont out. . lie never saw her alive again. CHAPTER VI. How glad Jack lelt when he got out into the freshened air. Youth is always buoyant mid desires to shake off melancholy feelings. Jack did feel troubled about his mother; but then he had been accustomed to these scenes, and he felt sure that it would all blow over as usual. Htill the terrible face he had just -sejin haunted his mind, and arose every now auid then like a spectre• from the; dead. The ttff- and bustle around Jack, however, soon diheipated all such thoughts. Men hurried too and fro, in Gritty Gully, trying to ascertain the damage done by the waters which still tumbled down, foaming .and roaring. Those who had claims in the 'bed of the creek looked particularly rueful; :but the generality of the diggers were heartily glad, for "there would be plenty of \water to v^b the dirt. ,They were all agreed on one thing—that the event should be celebrated with some liquor. Those whose claims had been swamped, declared.they must have something to raise their spirits; while those who liad dry claims, and looked forward to being able to rapidly reduce their heaps of washdirt to piles of wold dust," shouted" energetically. Therefore, the landlords reaped quite a harvest. The principal street was swamped in water, it is true; but, since there were so many people ready to keep it out by imbibing brandy, wJiat about that ? Ho all the hotels remained open, displaying as much light as they possibly could in those godless, keroseneless days. There was some law that hotels should be closed at a reasonable hour; but, as all the available constabulary were lying in the back parlor of the Garryowen Hotel—(a weatherboard and tin structure, thought quite a palace), exhausted after their day's labour—it mild way of putting it—and the commissioner and some confreres were playing euchre in the select parlor—there was no one to see the law put in force. Jack, after paddlinglJabout in the water with all the excitement a youth feels when anything fresh turns up, thought he would look in at the Garryowen, to .see what fun was going on. The bar was crowded; and behind it stood the landlord, Mick llyan, and hishandmaiden, Prudence, smiling, of course. A tremor went through Jack's frame as he noticed that Hector stood in front of the bar, talking to her. How sweetly she spoke to him, and what a slave to her he appeared to be. Jack's lists began to clench, and lie felt as if lie could go up to Hector and fell him to the ground. Jack noticed that his father came up to to Hector, and began to hold animated conversation with him. Presently Bunakum jumped on lo a form. Instantly the crowd left oil' drinking, talking, and smoking. " Miners of Grit," cried Bunakuin, " the time has come and the man. Let us all adjourn to the large room, and hold a public meeting, at which {measures will be preponderated to you for the redress of your grievances. Come ! miners of Grit, come !" A stampede at once took place, and, of course, Jack was not to be left behind. Before many minutes an impromtu platform had been got up at the, end of the large room, and a' table fixed, whereon was a decanter of brandy and a bottle of water. Mr. White, Bertha's father, took the chair, and, after a few remarks, introduced their old and esteemed friend, Mr. Bunakum. (Cheers.) .Surveying tin? strange assemblage, Bunakum threw himself into an attitude, and delivered the following oration—pausing frequently to have a ;sip, forgetting always to have anything to do with the water-bottle:— "Miners of Grit," said he, "the honest, hard-working worm will walk in the dust, attending to its duties, and for a time heed not the tramping of the proud oppressor, that spurns it with';his foot. But only-for a time" (a nip). " Only for a time. Then it will turn and sting; and the tyrant will be laid low." (Great cheers.) " Miners of Grit, you are the worm, the proud tyrant the commissioner." (Immense applause. Several chairs smashed.) " For months he has been tramping upon you, extorting from you license-fees. For what"? To save, you from the Hood ? To cover you from the sun ? To protect you from rapacity? No! To dine luxuriously every day in his cool arbor on the hill." (Terrilie applause.) "But the worm will turn, and the time has come. He saw the clouds and the rain coming; but, did he save your property ? No !" (Deafening cheers.) " He allowed the hard work of months to be swept away like the dust off his well polished boots. Who uses a toothbrush-? Wlyj wears u stove-pipe hat, and a boiled shirt V" (Cheers and counter cheers.) " You, who have lived on the Pacific Slope, in the great land of California, will you stand it? No! Nero, gentlemen, iid'Hed when Home was burning. The commissioner played euchre while Gritty Gully was destroying our work." (He laid great emphasis on our, as if he were the hardest worker there.) " You will cry, ' Lead us to death and victory !' How , gentlemen ? You must be cautious how you proceed. You have a subtle enemy, j will ^tell iyou how to meet the foe." (A long draught.) " Establish a paper." (Cheers, counter cheers, and frantic destruction of furniture. The speaks could not proceed for ten minutes. Cries of " That's the idea," Arc., <fre., resounding through the room.) " Establish a paper. Subsciibe, subscribe ! A powerful pen is at your disposal. Hector Macinnis"—(Tremendous cheering) — " is known to you all. His pen in the great Melbourne journal has often done you good service. Give it a^chance in a local paper." (Fran tic applause.) " My humble self"—(great cheering)—" will heljiko make the drift if On 11 tf Trumpst respected throughout the land." (Cheers, and some • Ohs !') " I move, that a journal, to be called thti<l>ifl>) Cuihf Tiumjx f, at once established ; Mr. Macinnis being editor, and myself manager." Bunakum now sat down amidst thunders of applause. Several enthusiastic admirers at once rushed to him with brandy bottles. Mr. Ohadiah Swectcomfori, sen., rose to •second the motion; audit was put and carried ii<-iii. con., amidst cheers and reiterated cheers ; with groans for the commissioner, and cries of "Lynch him!" Whereupon several Californians at once drew their bowie-knives. Bunakum jumped up, however, at once, and cried out, Down with the dust, gentlemen ! Give us life at once. I have given £10 myself"—(whence came the liJO?),—"Mr. White, £10, and Mr. Sweetcomfort, £10. Subscribe!" And they did. One after the other went up to the platform, and, ere the vote of thanks to the chairman was passed, £,100 had been collected by Bunakum. Hector Macinnis, however, knowing where the money would go if in that worthy's hands, quietly took it as treasurer. Little did the men who, at the bidding of Bunakum, founded that journal that evening, guess the great result that would accrue—the lights and shadows it would cause ! The meeting over, there was once more a rush to the bar. Jack saw that Hector at once made up to Prudence, and that she neglected the thirsty customers to listen to him. " Prudence, dear Prudence," Jack heard him say, amidst the din, " I am now able to offer you a home. Be mine, dearest—mine for ever." She blushed, and allowed him to take her hand. " She will not be in the way," Jack heard her say. How the boy's blood boiled. He knew who was referred to. The agonised face lie liad seen so lately haunted him again, "No, no," replied Hector; "Ihave done with her for ever. Never speak of her again." CHAPTER VII. Jack rushed out of the hotel. He would stand no more of this. With his blood at fever heat, he splashed away up and down the township, heedless of where he was going, trying to calm his mind. What could he, a mere boy, do ? Gradually the diggers became quiet. The men who were able to get to their tents staggered thither through mud and mire, telling about the new paper; while those who had fallen in the battle, slumbered in the wet bars, gathering rheumatism wherewith to be tormented hereafter. The lleecy clouds were scouring along, permitting glimpses of a sky, clear and blue as lapis lazuli, and spotted with stars, like the mantle of a great king. Beneath, the waters were rushing and roaring, but gradually sub- siding. Jack walked up and down by the side of the creek, watching, with the pleasure a boy ever derives from such a sight, the play of the current as it swept by. He had got to where a little bridge haa been erected, when heheaid a sort of stifled cry, and, in a second, a dark body floated by him in the water. Jack was a splendid swimmer, and he at once jumped in to save the drowning person. He found the stream very strong, but, carefully striking out with it, he was soon able lo reach the drowning man, who was wildly clutching at the sticks that were careering on the, water, and caught him by the hair. The drowning man, however, made wild attempts to catch hold of Jack; and it needed all the hitter's ingenuity to prevent this, or, of course, it would have sealed the doom of both. (Jetting into a by current, Jack managed to reach the boat. When he hauled his flotsam oil the bank lie. discovered heJiad saved none other than his own father-^ the great Biinakuni. Not much damage had been done, as the clothes of each liad rather benefitted by immersion. "Hallo, old man, is that you?" said Jaek. " Yes, it's me," said Bunakum, disgorging some water, and indulging in a general shake. " 1 was crossing the bridge when it broke down. The commissioner, knowing I was going to cross, no doubt, had it sawn in two." " Now, tell the truth," said Jack. " Wasn't you gone?" "No, Jack," re]died Bunakum. "Nothing crossed my lips this day, except a drop of brandy I. took when I was. speaking at the Garryowen, Jack you've, saved your father, and I'll do great things for you. I'm to be manager of the new paper, my hoy." " And, general rum drinker," said Jack, very undutifully. "But, look here, old man, don't you talk to me. I'm almost sorry 1 dragged yon out. It was clear waste of time. I believe such as you are better out of the, world. Look here! What have you done to my mother?" " What has she done to me?" said Bunakum, " Af ter I'd kept her decently for years, didn't she—" "Shut iij)!" cried Jack', in a voice that struck terror into the soul' of Bunakum. "Haven't you ruined her? She, who kept your worthless life together; who was so good and patient. She, who was an angel to both of us. She would have starved for you. And I, lazy hulk that 1 am, I even lived on her earnings. Oh! I feel as if I could -jump into the gully and drown myself, when 1 think of il. But, I'll he different alter this. I'll keep her comfortable. And don't you show your ugly face round, nor come palavering about. I'm ashamed to think you're my father. And, when such as me's ashamed, tilings are very crooked. Clear out." And Jack walked away, his heart filled with loathing. "Don't go like that, Jack?" said Bunakum, th a whining lone. " Don't leave your poor father shivering here. You haven't iialfa-crown about you ? I'm dying for something to stop the thirst." " Plenty of water in the creek," retorted Jack, witiiout looking round. " You'd better look after your mother," said Bunakum, with a sneer. " If she carries on the way she is going, Hector Macinnis 'II settle her, my line boy." " He had better leave her alone," said Jack, shutting his teeth iirmly. " What an midutifnl child,"said Bunakum; "to leave me, as is his own father—me, as reared him and worked for him !" " What are you doing there, old blowhard?" said a voice; and Bunakum beheld one of his confreres. "Dying," solemnly replied the veteran, "Dying. And my own son wouldn'l bury me, nor revenge my death on the. fell tyrant who caused the bridge to be broken." " l)yin' isn't pleasant just now," said the digger. " Hadn't you better get up and have a nip?" "Thank you, kind friend," said Bunakum, getting up with considerable alacrity. " Representative of the. generous men of Grit, you haven't any small change about you? 1 must get new clothes." " 1 have nothing smaller than a sovereign." "That will do," said Bunakum, pocketing the coin, " I'll pay you hack in the morning." And tin: two made off to the nearest hotel. Jack had dragged Bunakum out on the main street, so that he, was separated from his home. But he did not care for that; he did not desire to go home that night. He would return when the blight sun of another day had risen in the heavens, and his mother would have recovered. Then all would be well. JJe began to settle in his mind how to act in future. He would take up a claim with one of his mates, make money, would have a nice place for his mother, and no doubt, a fortune, in time. Then ho would go down and live in Melbourne, and become a great gentleman. lie would triumph over young Ohadiah, Sweeteomfo)^t, and break his head at parting. Wouldn't he astonish all his acquaintances, and make them respect his mother. And, perhaps he would ask Bertha to become his wife; although at the time, Jack had no very clear ideas as to what getting married entailed. Ai: all events, he would not quarrel with her; —they would live a happy life. Poor dreamer! Little can',it thou fox-see what the future thou thinkesl so pleasant will be. But do we not all dream, as Jack did? And is it not well that we should ? Is it not a mercy that the dark clouds of the future are hidden from view by a silver veil of our own weaving ? " Slow ]).ifis our days III childhood. And Die hours of light are long Jietwixt the morn and eve. Willi swifter lajisc They glide in manhood; aud in age they lly 'J'ill days and seasons Hit before the mind, As Hit the snowflakes in a winter's storm— Keen rather than distinguished." " Eternal love doth keep In JiiscoDiplacentarms.thecarthjthi; air, the deep." CHAPTER VIII. Jaclc journeyed on to his favourite hill of Grit. There he gazed upon the panorama that the moon revealed—the lights and shadows—and heard the distant sound of rushing waters. Young as he was, came the rememberance of a few years back, when this place was all in solitude—when a forest covered the hills of Grit, and the only living beings were Bertha and himself, and their dogs and flocks of sheep. What change would he see here in another few years ? He was too uneducated to apply ihg words of Bryant to the scene— - " The clouds SivCL'p over with the shadows, and hencath The surface rolls and fluctuates to the eye. Dark hollows seen to glide along and chase The moonlit ridges." Sitting again beneath his favorite tree, Jack began weaving dreams of the future. Gradually the scene began to fade. His eyes closed in sleep, and, leaning against the tree, he slumbered peacefully, notwithstanding his wet clothes. Blessed sleep! Thou com'st unbidden to the young, but flee'st from the aged aud careworn, though wooed oil beds of down ! Sleeping peacefully, in the shadow of the tree, unconscious of pain and sorrow, Jack heeded not the change that came over nature. The clouds passed away, and the moon shone bright and clear in the intensely blue sky. Peace fell where there had been such wild commotion—peace like that of eternity ! This sleep at first was a perfect blank. No images flitted across his brain. But gradually there appeared as if there, were an intensely black veil in front of him, which was lifted now aud then, revealing his mother's agonystricken face. Then the veil was slowly lifted, the sad lace faded away, aud the land- scape remained just as it was ere the great Hood of humanity had changed its fair features. . His flock was feeding by his side, and Spot snapping at the flies as of old. There was no sun, however; only a golden light appeared to come from the east. Was it dawn ? It must be. Dawn ever was of that delicious, glorious, golden tint. Ill expectancy he looked towards the east, and his glance was rewarded by the appearance of a beautiful face—from whence came the golden aureola. Bright amber hair fell down from the fast emerging head, like the glory around a saint. Slowly the figure rose until it assumed the form of a beautiful female, clad in gossamer gold, with pearls and diamonds sparkling like stars in her vesture. Then the figure glided to his side, and, hovering near him, smiled sweetly. Who was this beautiful, but awful being? He had never seen aught human that resembled her. ; Bertha was beautiful; but this being was too npirifuitllf to be of this this world. He felt awe-stricken in her presence. She must he one of the angels his mother spoke of sometimes. She spoke not, but lightly touched the ground beneath his feet. It slowly opened until a great fissure, extending, it seemed to him, for miles, resulted. Then he saw that in the cenLie of this the^e was a wall of white rock. He had seen a substance like it, and remembered the'miners called it quart/.. The strange being touched it, and at once there issued from it streams of-golden'light. By that light he saw streaks of gold permeating the lovely white stone. There were also specs of a bright blue metal, which he did not know. Then a voice came from the beautiful unknown—a voice rippling with music. " Yours—the shining reef. Remember." The vision faded fast from his view, and was followed by a dead blank, succeeded by a gloom so intense that it pained his eyes. A great horror, a fearful chill, came upon him, as he gazed into the ebon darkness. In this, as if illuminated by a lurid light, appeared the face of his mother, now livid and distorted, ami gazing upon him as if striving to speak. He strove to wake himself. A terrible shriek appeared to echo through the air, and. he awoke. The nioon was shining peacefully on the (juiet scene ; the roar of the waters had subsided, and there was peace. What was this? Spot, whom he liad left at home, stood near him, whining and scratching with his feet, and licking his hands. Something was wrong. The dog gave a short, joyous bark when his master awoke ; and prepared at once to go. Jack rubbed his eyes, and got up. He felt somewhat still, sore, and cold. He thought, therefore, the best thing would be to go home. Yet, as he went down the hill, he could not but think of the slrang^dreaiu he liad had. He looked carefully at uie ground, and saw that it was exactly in its usual condition. He could not help smiling at his own strange fancies. CHAPTER IX. Jack walked down to the valley. The Hood had now completely subsided. The flat was sloppy and wet, it is true; but nature had been so completely revived that these slight disadvantages were compensated by the generally improved appearance of everything in the soft light of the moon. Jack felt little inclination to go to sleep now ; the air was so pure and bfioyant, that it infused fresh life into him. But Spot's eager whines attracted his attention, and caused him to wonder. Had anything wrong taken place at home ? What did the dumb animal moan by his half-human appeals? Jack, in response to his eager looks, crossed the creek, and went to the tent which he called home. There Spot became greatly excited, wagged his tail, jumped on his master, and uttered sundry sharp, angry barks. The door of Ihe tent was open, and the moon shone into it. The boy looked, and saw his mother lying asleep in the same place where he had left her. In the moonlight her face looked terribly ghastly, and Jack turned away with a shudder. What good would it do him to enter and awaken her. He turned si way, anxious to spare, himself the torture he 1-ne.w would result, and walked up the township, which was now wrapped in slumber, legardless of the demonstrations of Spot, who ap|jcared to have absolutely lost his senses. "Get out, you old fool," said Jack, l.hrustirt.y Ihe dog away from him. "You've got the distemper, 1 think. I'll give you such a hammering as you never had, except on that day you stole Bertha's dinner, if you go on in this way." Spot slunk away behind, in a very melancholy mood ; no doubt arguing in his simple mind that he was laboring under a delusion, and that his master was l ight. Just as Jack was walking past the Garryowen, Spot gave a spiteful bark, and rushed upon a man who had emerged from that hoslehy, accompanied by another. Jack saw it was Bunakum. He stared at him with great surprise. The man absolutely looked white with terror, and gazed on him as if horror- stricken. Jack set it down to fear of the dog. "Shut up, Spot!" he cried. "Don't you know him? He deserves barking at; but you'd belter leave him alone. Why, you needn't be frightened of Spot." "Is that you, Jack?" said Bunakum, in a tremulous voice, which, of course, his son set down to drink. " Keep your dog oft', will you? He's mad." Behind Bunakum were two men whom Jack recognised as Hector Macinnis and the district coroner—a gentleman, who sought Bacchus' to enable him to discharge his Rhudamanthcan duties. Dr. Rouse was one of the greatest bon riva/itx and most unjust judges in the world. An invitation to drink would suffice to turn the scales of justice with him at any moment. But Jack paid little attention to him. The aspect of Hector was a case for more surprise. That man was equally pale as Bunakum. Jack wondered what all this meant. All the time Spot kept snarling and snifling around, like a demented animal. " Get out of that, you young rascal!" cried Dr. Rouse, lifting his cane, "or I'll have you committed as a night prowler and vagabond." "Prowling round, to see what he can lay hold of, no doubt," said Hector. "All these boys ought to be taken up." " I declare the cold's got completely into me," said Bunakum. " I can't think of going home." (Where that home was, no one knew). " Let's go in again, and have something to put life into us." "Yes, yes!" said Hector, hurriedly. "We can have a quiet game of euchre till daybreak." "Hurrah!" said Dr. Rouse. "Just the thing. I don't see the good of going to bed to-night." And the trio turned back into the Garryowen, where the sleepy landlord was still dispensing dij ir ritai to those of his customers who had not succumbed. Jack walked up to the end of the street, and then turned to go home. The east was already showing signs of the dawn—brightening, not with the glorious golden eff ulgence he had seen in his dream, but with a cold grey light that made one shiver. Dawn on Gritty Gully. Achilly light, growing stronger and stronger, filled the eastern sky; and the moon began to pale gradually, while the few stars that were still visible glimmered faintly. Shreds of clouds flitted across the sky, changed, as they neared the light of dawn, into a sombre gray. Beneath was the damp earth—its outlines shadowed in the crosslights of the east and the west.' Already, the birds were preparing to catch the early worm ; the laughing jackass uttered his discordant eu-cu-ca-coo-eoo-coo; and the magpie iilled the woods with his musical trill; while the smaller birds twittered and shook off the damp. Here and there a stray hat, or mopoke, that liad kept late hour fluttered uneasily, anxious to get back to its hole in some tree; but, like biped revellers who stay out late, their eyesight was at fault, and thus had to seek a resting-place wherever they could. In the grey light of the dawn Jack sought his home. The locality was very quiet. Not a soul was stirring. Even the dogs lay asleep in front of the tents. Jack entered quietly; but the first glance at his mother made him start back horror stricken. He had never seen anything like this before.. Her face was purple and distorted—contracted,—and the eyes stared out in a fearful manner. She was lying on the sofa, her clothes disordered, and her limbs drawn up as though in terrible agony. What was it ? DiiATH ! He knew it. He had never seen a dead body ; but the awful face before him told too powerfully of the great enemy. Death—a horrible death ! Her hands were clenched firmly; her for drawn up as if a great struggle had taken place when life was departing'. The boy gazed on the still form of his mother until his eyes rivalled those of the dead, starling with horror. Then, with a great cry, he rushed out, and, opening the door of .the next tent, cried out: " Mother's dead ! Mother's dead !" Two young men were sleeping together in a rude bed made of leaves and grass. They turned round sleepily; and one, with an expletive, asked what was the matter. "Mother! Mother!" said the terrified boy " Why, Jack, is that you ?" cried one of the young fellows, sitting up in bed. " What's the matter ? You look like a ghost." " O ! Mother, mother !" cried Jack, recognising in the speaker the young fellow who had. so kindly assisted him to separate th<j flocks on the day they had got boxed. " Mother's dead ! Mother's dead!" In his excitement he had entirely forgotten that the young fellow had Im his neighbour for some time. In the condition of his mind now, it is impossible to describe the feeling of relief he experienced when he recollected this, and found a friend so near. " Dead !" said the young man. " Why, I saw her last evening, all right. "Poor, Jack !" he continued, gazing upon the boy with compassion ; " Your troubles have come early. Get up, sleepyhead, can't you? Here's something dreadful taken place." The other youth turned round sleepily. " Bother you, old chum. Don't wake me. I was in such a line sleep, and dreaming I'd made £10,000." Springing up, the young man who had compassionated Jack, jumped into his clothes and accompanied the boy to his tent. The other youth, after looking round sleepily, tmned around and went into the land of dreams. The young man looked carefully at the corpse. Going up close to it he, too, seemed horrified. He came back to Jack, and, taking his arm, said, in a low, terrilied voice: " Jack, your mother has been murdered. On her neck are the distinct marks of four lingers and a thumb. She lias been choked to death!" CHAPTER X. "J'is only a worthless weight of Hay, From which life's spark lias passed away. Mingle it with its native dust, From li^lit and-memory ever thrust. Stay! Though a thousand miles: lielow The. colliii and its inmate go, The memory of the child of woe, Will linger like the light of day, Til) we as well shall pass away. When evening comes, and weary care A moment disappears. Her lace will haunt us still, and wear The smile of other year;:. The sun had barely had time to have a good look at Gritty Gully, and to note its altered appearance, when groups began to collect around the tent where the ghastly corpse of poor Janet lay. After all that has been said and written of the lawlessness of the time about which we write, crime was really rare. A bel ter class of men had come to the VicLorian gold-fields, than the wild desperadoes who had invaded the golden land of California. Those who have lived on the early gold-fields, can afford to smile at the ingenious lies circulated by gentlemen who would make it appear that they passed through wondrous ad von lures. To a great degree, in those times, the diggers were the pick of every country. Young and handsome honest fellows, with the lessons of their mothers still strong in their minds, intent only on amassing a competency with which to make the last days of their parents easy, or to enable them to wed some dearlybeloved one in distant lands, were in the majority. The mean, the depraved, were not lo be found. People were so lavish with what they earned that the incentives to crime were few, and poverty was unknown. Gambling there was, and immorality; but neither of these vices ever reached the height they did iu California, as the soil was not suited to them. Indeed a desperado, or " Calfornian," was soon hunted off a diggings—the majority of the people zealously guarded against tlie admission of black sheep. The occurrence, therefore, of a murder in the community of Grit, was something so unusual, so fraught with interest, that it seemed as if no one would do a stroke of work that day. The bars were crowded early; and the hotelkeepers smiled as thfly reflected on the probability of a splendid business. The diggers, like all hard workers, liked a holiday, and took every occasion to have one. What better chance than this, when two great events followed each other so quickly—a flood and a murder. People talked in whispers about the horrid deed. They said all sorts of strange things, and many of them hinted that they knew a lot about tlie ihatter. On being closely pressed they, with commendable wisdom, declared it would not do to tell. A time would come, <fcc., &c.; There lay the last of poor Jauefc, stark in the growing sunlight,; the eyes tji^i wereiwont' to beam with joy gfeaming with unearthly light; the hands, generally, busy at that hour, clutched together, never to open. Men looked in upon tlie dead face, and then withdrew their gaze with a dread shudder. Two policemen kept guard, and excited the commiseration of the crowd at their onerous and disagreeable task to such an extent that bottles, containing something stronger than water, were lifted to their hps every few minutes. Amongst the crowd was the Irishwoman who had so warmly taken poor Janet's part the day before; and this worthy lady, fore-; most in giving refreshment to the policemen, was loud in her denunciations of Bunakum, whom she declared to be the cause of every-- tiling, regretting forcibly that the flood had not carried him with it the night before. She hinted that he could have been better spared than sundry tents, cradles, and Hibernian live stock—her property—which liad been carried down the gully during the night. And with her the majority of the audience agreed, although a few stuck up foiMlie man of many words, stating that his failings were of the head, not of the heart; and 'to which the Irishwoman replied that that was not to be wondered at, as he possessed nothing to speak of in the way of the latter. Wliat*had become of Jack ? The poor boy, who had at once been raised to a position of importance by being connected with the mystery of the night, was immediately taken in hand by benevolent persons who desired to obtain every particular about the terrible occurrence, Two gentlemen, who were correspondents of Melbourne papers, at once made a set at him, and, utterly ignoring the boy's feelings, proceeded to extract information, every line of which wrung 3lis heart. His captors soon succeeded in getting him into the Garry Owen, where he was at once plied with " comforts," much against his will. Here he had to retail, over and over again, all he knew. This, in some measure, served to distract his grief. After all, boys are mightily pleased by anything that raises them into importance. But, about break-fast time, when fm»i innumerably tent-lires arose the smokAf sacrifices to the gods of tea and coffee and mutton chops, Gritty Gully had been thrilled to the core. The murderers had been found! (To be continued.) 