RACING INTELLIGENCE. VICTORIA AMATEUR TURF CLUB. The race meeting held on the Caulfield course on Saturday afternoon was a most enjoyable outing. There was a pleasantly cool breeze blowing, which was very grateful after the close heat of the forenoon. Unfortunately the attendance was not so numerous as such an excellent afternoon's sport well deserved. The racing commenced with the Selling Race, for which eleven horses started The race was in reality a match between Harp of Erin and Viking, the former winning easily. The Ghost, who was mad; a very warm favourite.finiahedanioderate third. The winner was bought by Mr. J. Wilson [or £180. Five horses started for the Hurdle Race, Monitor being the most fancied, though Glen organ had a good many friends. From the far turn the race was confined to Monitor, Glenorvan, and Young Alfred. The last named horse felt at the hurdle new the sod wall and broke his neck. KiUuff got a severe shaking, but fortunately ena tained no serious injury. The struggle home for the last half-mile between Glenrowan and Monitor was a very fine one, Glenorvan gain- ing the victory by a head, A very taking colt named Vanguard, who ran under Mr. Goyder's colours, gives promise of making a good hurdle racer when he has become thoroughly practiced at the work. The Separation Stakes brought out a field of seven youngsters. Syndicate being made first favourite. Scipio was also well supported. Syndicate took the lead as they entered the straight and came on with a strong lead. Scipio, who was some time getting through his horses, took second place as they came on. Scipio made a gallant effort and gained on Syndicate every stride, but the race was too soon over, and Syndicate won by about half a length. The winner was bought by Mr. J. Wilson for We. As both Harp of Erin and Syndicate were entered to be sold for all! the club receives the whole of the purchase money in both instances. The sum of £275 will make up in a great measure for the falling-)!! in the attendance. Dr. Bathe claimed liddington, but as no one would give the price with the amount of the stake added, he was bought in by Dr. Bathe, who owned him. Boree was also claimed, but no me offering the upset price he was passed in. It would have a good deal of time in future if the stewards insisted that the person claiming a horse in a selling race should make an offer of the upset price before any horse not a winner is put up for sale. They cellent field of fourteen horses BtartedfortheSouth Yarra Handicap, Crystal, Bar One, and Sir Joseph being the most fancied. JuniUBcn'outthework from the start, but was passed by Hyacinth as they rounded the turn into the straight, where Bar One was pressing him closely. Bar One then took the lead, and heights place till after passing the distance, when Sir Joseph came up with a fine rush, and beat him by about half a length. Only four horses started for the Steeplechase Sir Ewan baulked at the first fence, ran on the course, and otherwise misbehaved himself. Squire fell at the fence next to the sod wall, and the race was then left to Actress and Twilight. The latter led till near home, Actress being with difficulty kept behind. In the straight Actress came away and won by a little over a length. The last rate of the day was the Richmond Handicap for which eighteen horses started. Notwithstand- ing his disappointing performances in the Selling Race, The Ghost was again made first favourite. The result was another disappointment to thebackersof The Ghost. John Peel, who was scarcely backed, except by the stable, dashed off in the lead and held the place all the way, The Ghost made a much more determined effort than he did in the first race, but was beaten by over a length. There was some talk of a protest against the winner, on the ground of a cross, but as the winner was always about two lengths in front of The Ghost, no one waited to near what came of it. As the Caulfield course is a good distance from town the committee of the club night consider whether it would not be well to finish their meetings half an hour earlier than they do. On Saturday the racing might have been finished by b o'clock without any hurry or confusion. The stewards Be; an excellent example in fining an Indian horsedealer named Mr E. Weeks £10 1er using violent and insulting language on the lawn. A few examples of this sort would put a stop to much of the foul language so readily indulged in by many of the horsey aril bookmaking fraternity. Two or three notorious weathers were noticed plying their trade in the paddock, one of whom has been publicly expelled from the paddock at Flemington. It is thought by many that when once a person in expelled from one of the leading racecourses for weighing the fact should be sufficient to prevent him from entering the stand enclosure of any other racecourse. The following are the particulars of He racing - SELLING RACE, Of 100 SOVS The winner to be 894 for 160 co Weights 2 yrs 8st 8lb , 8 yrs, 106. lb 4 yrs and upwards, 10st 7lb; 712 allowedwoveryreduction of 25 Sovs. In Boiling price Four furlongs. Mr S Grimwood's bor br h Har) of Eric, by Argus Scandal, 4 yrs (Nil), Tat. 75. (Williamson) 1 Mr K Evans's b g Viking, 4 yrs (NU), 7st 7lb. (David) 2 Mr H Hales a to or ch h The fllost (late Sails bury), 4 yrs, by Tregeagle (£25),[8B (VMUlams) 3 Mr J D Robertson's g g Bushman, 6 yrs (25) 7st 7lb (Burton) ... 0 Mr J Morrison's b h Glad Tidings, 0 yrs (NU) 7k t 7lb (Trahan) " ... 0 Mr P Morrison's b g Huntingdo, 4 yrs (£100) 9st 7lb (Batt) .. - 0 Mr T Gucrln'a cb g Sonneteer, god (£25), 8st. (Power) . 0 Mr P T Heywood na br m Tld, 5 yrs (25), 7st 111 (O'Brien) 0 Mr A Davis's b li Respite, 4 yriElOO), 9st. 7lb. (Braithwaite). 0 Mr J G Reid's b or br c Blngdovt 3 yrs, 7st lib. (Kllbj) 0 Mr J Wilson's b of Spanish lady, you (NU), Gat. 121 (Sanders). 0 Betting -2 to 1 and 0 to 2 ogBtCho Ghost, 3 to 1 agst Harp of Erin, 6 to 1 agst Krplto, 0 to 1 right Spanish Lady. The flag fell to a moderate start, king and Harp of Erin being in front, Spanish Lad hung at the post and lost a great many lengths before she was fairly on nor left As they came past the wall Harp of Erin and Viking were in front ; Scneteer, Bushman, and The Ghost were at the head of to second division. Harp of Erin and Viking raced uphe straighten the front, the former winning comfortably by a couple of lengths, Viking was second, ThcJhost a moderate third Sonneteer and Bushman Mo at the head of the others Time, EC's HURDLE RACE Of 60 shots, added to a sweepstake of 2 tons, each. One mile and a lit air. E. Evans's ch g Glenoran, (ed, 10st. 3lb. (Sooblo).1 Mr. T. Jones's b g Monitor yrs, Lil Bob. (King).. 2 Mr. G. Davis's b in Little Duüicej.fcd, Bat. 7th. (Robertson) Stair S. G. Cook's b g Young Altroihgod. Hat. ii. (Kilduff).. .. _ 0 Mr. F. C. Goyder's b o Vanguard 3 yrs, Oat. (Battye Betting.-6 to 4 aged Monitor, G ti agat Glenorran, 7 to 2 stout Young Alfred, Glenlonan and Monitor led awajogether ; Young Alfred, Vanguard, and Little Duhs were next. As they passed the Bland Glenrowan unloading ; Young Alfred, Monitor, Little Duchess, a Vanguard were running in that order. Altar round the turn past the stand Monitor took second pu> ; Little Duchess and Vanguard were well behind, rejoined the leading dlWaion as they reached the 11 at the far turn. At the hurdle near the end wall Long Alfred Coll. Glenorvan and Monitor raced all tramway home together Glenoran winning by a had Little Duchess was third, about a dozen lengths of with Vanguard near); loved. Time, 3s. 4d. THE SEPARATION BW, Of 100 Sovs For two car-loads, ia winner to be sold for 200 SOVS. Weight, 9st lb. allowed for every reduction of £10 In price. or furlongs. Messrs. Robertson and Wagner's bl br c Syndicate, by Bethnal Oreou-Pliizglgfil), 9st. 7lb. (Cracknell) 2 ... 21 Mr. S. G. Cook's b c Scipio, by King the Ring Zenobia (£80), 7st. 7lb. (Williams) 2. 2 Mr. J. D. Robertson's br c Roman, 6st. 7lb, (Button). - .. 3 Mr. J Harper's br f Queen Elizabeth King of the Bing- Mary Gladstone (Mil), Bat. > (Kilby) 0 Mr. It. Burn's b c Kulqulno. buying Tom or LapVlat-Alined (£40), 7st (Wall of Mr. H. Connolly's ch o Llddingi, by Proto MarUr-Caranjah (£40), 7ft. (Qanor).. .. 0 Mr. J. Paterson's ch o Roederer, by »to-Martyr-> Champagne (NU), 9st. 7lb (Londoly) J. 0 Botting's to 4 agat Syndic; 2 to 1 agst Scipio. 8 to 1 agst Nulqulno, 4 to I F Borneo. Liddington and Boree here in fact as the horses went away : Nulqulno and Boedorort oft badly. As they neared the turn for home Syjcato took first place ; Liddington and Queen Ellzata were close up. In the straight Scipio went throughs horses, and a fine race home ensued between Sweden and Scipio, the former gaining the vlctorybyilbt half length. Boroo nos third Liddington, QubElizabeth, Roederer and Nulqulno finished also that order. Time, 6136. THE SOUTH YARRA HAXOAP, 01 100 SOVS., added to sweepstakes s for, tell, One mile. Mr. D). S. Wallace's b b Sir Jose, 4 yrs, by Bethnal Green, Bst. lib. (O'Brien) .. I Mr. J. G. Reid's b g Bay One, aged, 731 (Crack- nell) . 2 Mr. W. Pearson's b h Hyacinth, ara, Og'. 41. (Trahan). .... I Mr. B. Coleman's cb h Crystal, yrs, 8st. 4lb. (netley) was.. a 0 Mr. J Harper's g m Jcftphlno, 4 j, st. 12 lb. (Braithwaite) .. - 0 Mr. L. L. Smith's b h jDongiliton, 15s, 7d. 11th. Mr. H. ¿tlnoa'B 'b' b Cremorne, 0 'j, I Oliver Twist, 7st 10lb (0. Williams) 0 Mr. H. BurrcU's 1) I Oooecna, 3 years. 219. Williamson ' .. h a s s .. 0 Mr. L. L. Smith's be to Westbury, (yrs, 7st. (B. Heywood) .. a. ., - ... 0 Mr. O, GlasKock's both Afghan, (ran, by The Ace, Oat. 121. (Walks) _ ... 0 Mr. J. Cleeland's br b lemon, 5 i, at, his. Br. J. Evans' b slimness 3 TI by" Dr. to' Martyr, Oat. Ulb. (Baron) " ,, " 30 Mr. J. Paterson's: br I Wbispor, is Bil. 'Ib. Mr. J. H. James'' b V Fortune, is, by Don Giovanni, Oat. 121. Morrison) 2 2 2 2 o Betting 2 to 1 Mstteyital, B to Must get Bar DFC and Bar Joseph, 7 Mr agst any of t r She bolts appetites pt value together Junta! and Coreena being: the first to show In front, soon after the start Dougalston went up to the leaders on the outside. Rounding the far turn Coreena and JuMna were still in front ; Bar One was showing close upon the outside u they neared the sod wall Hyacinth had the lead as they entered the straight, where Cremorne, Bar One, Crystal, and Sir Joseph were at the head of the others. Bar One led up the straight, Cremorne, Crystal, and Sir Joseph Doing next, in that order. After passing the distance. Sir Joseph came up with a grand spurt, and won by about half a length. Bar One was second. Hyacinth third, Coreena fourth, Cremorne fifth, Afghan sixth. Time, to. 47s. STEEPLECHASE, Of 50sovs., added to a sweepstakes of 2 Sovs. each. About two miles. Uri H. Murrell's ch m Actress, aged, by Tom King, 9st. 10lb. (Batty) . _ 1 Mr. S. Justin ns br m Twilight, aged, 12st. 2lb. (Scoble). 2 2 2 Mr. A. F. Sullivan's br g Squire. G yrs, 10st, 3lb. (Bill) . _ .. 0 Mr. J. King's g g Sir Ewan. aged. Oat. 121. (King) 0 Betting.-6 to 4 agst Twilight, 7 to 4 agst Actress. The horses went away very leisurely, Sir Kwan taking the lead, and reaching the first fence fully eight lengths in front. Here he baulked, and Twilight went on | In front, Squire, Actress, and Sir Ewan, who got over at the second time of asking, followed in that order. At the fence past the sod wall Squire fell, and got away. Sir Swan then bolted inside the course and was never after in the race. Twilight led all the second round till reaching the turn (or home, where Actress, who had been very patiently ridden by Batty, challenged him, and after a One race up the straight won by a little over a length. Time, 4. 483. THE RICHMOND HANDICAP, Of 60 sovs. for two-year-olds and upwards. Five 1 furlongs. Mr. M. P. Whitty's ch g John Peel, 8 JW, by Oliver Twist. Ost. Bill;. (Williamson) 3 Mr. H. Haines to or cb h The Ghost (late Salisbury), « greasy Tregeagle, 8st. 7lb. (G. Williams) .. 2 Mr. 8. Grmvwood's b or br h Harp of Erin, 4 yrs, Bet, 61. (A. U-GInnls) . 2 3 Mr. A. Davies' b h Itesplto, 4 yrs, Set. 5lb. (Braith- waite) 2 6 Mr. L. t. Smith's b m Haidee of the Hills, 4 yrs, fist, 81\. (Burton). _ 0 Mr. J. R. Cowell's gr m Verdure, 4 yrs, by King Cole, Bet (Cashin) .. - 0 Mr. P. Glenister's! ch f Pilgrimage, 9 yrs, 7st. 111. 7st. 8lb. (Rielly) Mr. J. Whittingham's b Prince Gooroo, 2 yrs, 7st. 8lb. (Sims) .... " " .... D Mr. J. G. Heywood's b m Rebecca, 4 yrs, 7st. 8lb. (J. Williams). 0 Mr. F. Morrison's b g Huntingdon, 4 yrs, 7st. Dib. (Londonclly). _ ..0 Mr. J. D. Robertson's b or br e Valentine, 3 yrs, by Hawthornden, 7st. 4lb. (Reid). Messrs T. and R. Watson's b c Bunyip, 6 yrs, 7st. 8lb. (Gardeners Mr. W. Branch's b c Little Jack, 2 yrs, by King Cole, Ost. 121. (Sanderson Mr. P. T. Heywood na br m Tide, 6 yrs, 6st. 111. (Heywood) 2 0 0 Mr. J. Cripps nah g Iccullght, 3 yrs, by Ben Lomond, Oct. 6th. (Cracknell) 2 Mr. J. B. James' b m Fortuna, 4 yrs, DOD Giovanni, Ost. 121. (Morrison) 0 Mr. S. Martin's b m Langulac, aged, "st. I Iib. (Trahan).. 3 .. _ 0 Betting 2 to last The Ghost, from 0 to 10 to 1 sgBt any other. John Pool dashed to the front as the word was given The Ghost, Redllght, and Harp of Erin were at the head of the others. At the Bod wail John Pool had a lead of nearly four lengths; the Ghost and Harp of Erin were next. John Peel had a good lead as they come into the straight, and finished a winner by over a length, The Ghost was second, Harp of Erin third, Valentlne,Rodlight,Prlnco George, and Langulac here next in that order. Time, 1m. 9s. 