IRovelist. 'GRIT. 1 . A Story of tho fast and Frcsont; of Ordi nary moh and Ordinary things, in Ordi nary language, BY DONALD CAMERON. AUTHOR OF ' IN TIIE FOLDS OF THE SERPENT,' 'SILVERWATER BEND, ETC.' ' Bo suro tliy Bin will find tliee out.' It is a beautiful belief : Tlmt over round our licnd i Are liovcring on nngel wings, Tho spirits of tho dead. y I ' 'Miss White,' she continued, 'is now in very great danger. Poor and alone in a vast city, witli-a helpless father depending on her, she is harassed by enemies, who try to take advantage of her unfortunate position.' Jack's face flushed crimson, his hands clenched. i 'I will see her righted !' he cried in a rage. Then the remembrance of his helpless stato came to him, and despair took possession of his heart. ' Miss White, however,' continued Maggie, 'has not sent mo to appeal for help, that I ? . have ventured to do myself. Her messago is different. Your father, Mr. Meldon, lies in tho noxt cottage to Miss White's, dying. He is crying out for you, and wishes to see you before he dies, for he has some great secret to reveal.' ? Jack started, and joy again invaded his heart. Was it possible that Bunakum knew rtught of that dread secret which had almost escaped tho lips of Bridget O'Regan before they were stilled in death ? Would ho yet be able to sheet tho crhne home to tho murderer of his mother? His brain became confused. New hopes, new aspirations began to rise. 'Don't delay,' said Maggie; 'take the afternoon train to the city, else you may never sec your father alive again.' Jack turned round to William in a helpless ? way. Ho had ho, money, and he could .not' think of asking any thing out of the few pounds that had been raised on Emily's heirloom. 1 William divined his feelings, y - 'Yes, Jack,' said he, 'you must go.' ;' . ' But,' said Jack, ' I havo no money, and I could not think — ' 'Now, that will do,' said William; 'don't speak of it. You must go ; that's an end to the whole matter.' 'Yes,' said Emily, cheerfully; 'wo must not stop to think when a father is dying. Ho has been a bad parent, but you cannot bo absent now.' Jack know not what to say. Oh, that ho were able to reward tho love and friendship of this glorious man and woman. ' CHAPTER LVIII. At tins moment a cab drove up, and out of it sprung Obadiali Sweetcomfort and Sniggle .Snickers. Tho former looked at tho group with withering contempt, merited as he appeared to think, for was ho not dressed in Bupcrfine cloth,' and tliey in the meanest shoddy ? Yet withal, this doughty man kept a sharp eyo on Jack, for ho know how Btrong was his hand, and ho was not oversure he might not uso it. The two took out of the cab some pegs and an axe. William and Jack at onco saw through their intention, and the latter was about to make for Obadiali, when William stopped him. ' Quiet, Jack,' said ho, soothingly ; ' you are not lit to deal with these men ; your passions would overcome you.' i 'Tho dog,' said Jack, who was red with fury; ' he follows me even here.' ' Never mind,' said William, with a sarcas tic smile on his faco ; ' leave them alone. I'll soon settle them.' And he walked down to tho two ' jumpers' very leisurely. ? ' Good morning, gentlemen,' said William, casting a glance at them, such as a man would bestow upon two crawling reptiles. Good morning,' was the surly but Bome what frightened reply. ' ' ' ' What arc! youvdoing?' asked William; ' Merely pegging put a claim,' replied Obadiali, doggedly, ' But this is my ground,' replied William. ' Oh,' said Obadiali, offensively ; ' wo'll see about that.' ? ' But surely, Mr. Sweetcomfort,' said Wil liam,' with a bitter sarcasm in his tone ; ' so benevolent a gentleman as yourself, and one so rieli; one who own hundreds of acres, would not tako my little claim. It is not like you, Mr. Obadiali Sweetcomfort, you would not repeat the parable of tho prophet and the poor man's ewe lamb.' This allusion stung. Obadiali flushed up. 'I don't care about your spceolies, Mr. Brown,' ho said; 'I have the law on my side, and I'll havo my rights.' 'Perfectly correct,' said William, stitt satirically; 'but aro you suro the law's' on your side?', 'Yes,' replied Obadiali. 'You ought to have had two men working on this olaim, and you've only. had one for some time.' 'That's all very well, Mr. Sweetcomfort,' said William ; ' but if you go into the mining registrar's office in Grit, you'll find that the owners of this claim applied for and obtained an exemption for three months only two weeks ago 1' Obadiali started back with a fiown. ' Oh ! that won't do,' said he, at last, in the tone of a disappointed bully. ' Well,' said William, turning on his heel ; ' all I havo to say is,' that you 'had better examine the records of tho Warden's Court ; and at tlio same timo search the scriptures, where you'll perhaps find a few precepts which won't comfort you over much. And I give you notice I'll havo you prosecuted as trespassers if you peg out.' And ho turned away. Obadiali stood for a minute, his face white with suppressed rage and disappointed hate. Suddenly ho noticed Jack, to whom William had narrated what had taken place, make a move as if he were coming down the hill. Tho celerity with which Obapiah and Snickers got into tho cab was wonderful. They disap peared in the twinkling of an oye, leaving their pegs on the ground, and the cab drove away at great speed. - ' Why. did you stop mo ?' said Jack ; ' I'd havo revenged the insults of years on that wretch. Ho offered me money when I was weak and broken down, purposely to insult me.' ' Never mind, Jack,' said William ; your day will come. Make haste now and changc your clothes, take your dinner, and' start for Melbourne. I'll dig into that sandstone bar. I believe there's a reef below it ; perhaps I'll find it before you como back.' ' William, you aro a king amongst men,' said Jack, his eyes becoming moist ; ' your wife is an angel. 0 ! that I could 'repay you.' ' We do our duty,' said William, quietly, ' and that repays us.' Maggie now beckoned to her cabman, arid, after giving Bertha's address entered the con veyance, gently refusing Emily's pressing in vitation to stop for dinner. So she was driven away to Grit while Jack began to prepare for his journey. , In a few hours ho would be in tho arms of . her he loved so well, and theirs would be pcace and joy forever, while she, like a strioken hart, would havo to seek a quiet spot wliero she could weep in secret. She was driven to the Patriot Hotel, once Bunukum's, where we saw her first. There she was shown to a room which overlooked tho busy thoroughfare and the Park where she had often wandered with Jack when the moon had begun to shed her beams upon the earth. No one recognised in the veiled austero lady the onco gay and volatile Maggie. But after all that was tho turning point of her destiny. CHAPTER LIX. Obadiali drove away from the scene of his discomfiture in a very evil and ohagrined frame of mind. That a man of his con sequence and wealth should be compelled to fly from so despicable a being as Jack, who had neither property or money— not even a decent suit of clothes 1 Obadiali ground his teeth when he thought of tho many unavailing attempts he had made to get rid of this fellow. Yet with all this he was ever turning up, and throwing his best laid plans into confusion. While the cab was being driven back to Grit, Obadiali resolved scheme after scheme in his mind, but cast tliem away one after the other as of no utility. Ho could think of nothing at present that would humble this man. For. the first time he confessed that his wealth and position were valueless ; they could not givo liim revenge. It was a beautiful day. The air was clear and cold, fresh and bracing, tho sky as blue as lapis lazuli, yot to Obadiah nature gave no pleasure. Ho fe't like a baffled demon. But what puzzled him most of all was a strange unaccountable feeling of sadness and despondency that came over liim — a presenti ment of evil to come, which ho could not ex plain — a feeling that all was vanity of vanities'. Perhaps this frame of mind was brought about by the severe wound his vanity had re ceived.. He might have been greatly cheered had his carriage been waiting so that lie could drive down tho main street in all tho glory of a chariot and four, humbling the pride of the inhabitants of Grjt, and showing to them his exceeding glory. But even this was wanting. He drove through in a common cab. Still it 'was some balm to liis vanity to find that every one turned round and stared at tho successful reefer. But had he heard the unkind and scathing remarks that were made, his pride would have received another wound. Sniggle Snickers hardly spoke a word during the journey. His gaze was steadfastly fixed upon vacancy, and now and then with a strange expression of face lie would laugh to himself. Had Obadiah not been bo occupied with his own thoughts lie would havo noticed this. But who was Sniggle Snickers that Obadiah Sweetcomfort should trouble his mighty soul about him 1 There was tlie accustomed bustle at tho Hesperus Extended. Tho stampers were rattling and crushing, and the steam engines puffing and snorting. Obadiah and Sniggle Snickers went into tlie office, and tho former threw off his coat preparatory to donning garments suited for ?' the mine. Sniggle began-opening the letters. 'I wish,' said he, when Obadiah was equipped for tho underground trip, ' that you would do without me for a little while, I find thero is a lot of work to be done. Tho under ground boss will show you round and I'll be down in a quarter of an hour.' ' Oh I as for that,' said Obadiah ; ' there's no ne_ed for you to go down at all, except to show me the newest indications ; I think I know as much about theriiine as you do. But here is my pooket:book ; it contains tlio Hes perus Extended scrip. Lock it in tho safe, for fear it may bo stolen.' ' There is no danger of that,' said Sniggle quietly, but with a 'strange glitter in his eyes. ' However, I'll put -it in.' And he threw the pocket-book into the safe and looked it. Obadiah walked out, and in a few minutes tho signal hammer told ho was d«scending the mine. « But did Sniggle Snickers work? No. Tho moment Obadiah. left, ho placed his elbows on tlie table, and burying his faco in his hands, remained for sevoral minutes in deep thought, occasionally muttering to himself. When ho raised his faco at times, it was evident a terrible struggle was taking place in his mind. A deep groan would now and then cscapo him.,- Presently he rose, and took out Obadiah's pocket-book. It was very balky. Sniggle drew back the elastic, and laid hold of tlio great roll of scrip the book contained. One by ono'lie turned them over, carefully glancing at their numbers and tho nanie3 of the original holders. f.Not one share was in Obadiah's name. A wild exultation appeared in tho man's faco. Ho walked backwards- land forwards, stopping occasionally as if to think. At times it secnied that ho wavered in whatever purpose he had formed, but tho moment he looked at the scrip; irresolution vanished. Alter a while, lys face became grim and determined; the blood vanished from his countenance ; it became ashy pale, and the eyes bloodshot. He put tho book back into the safe, locked it, and then giving one or two glances round the ollice, walked out and shut the door. A shuddering came over him .when he stood without, and gazed upon the beautiful panorama of Nature. It was winter, and the earth was covered with tender grass, of a beautiful green — for verduro was only vouch safed even to Grit at this season. The blue sky, the emerald earth, with here and there a deep brown or a rusty red as a contrast, the fresh breeze seemed to bring back bitter thoughts. But the revulsion was momen tary. With a smothered curse, he walked to tho shaft where a cage was waiting, and stepping into it, noislessly descended into the depths of the earth, the verdure, the sky vanishing from his gaze as peace departed for ever from his mind. CHAPTER LX. Tho cold and gloom of the mine agreed with tho darkness of Sniggle Snickers' soul. The dripping water, the ogrelike shadows, the. mysterious sounds of tho miners at work, well accordcd with the gloom of this man's thoughts. He found Obadiah sitting on a piece of quartz, listening to the explanations of tho captain of the shift, who was endeavoring to give a lucid description of the ' country,' through which they would have to pass before they came to the reef. Obadiah was smoking a cigar with a supercilious air. In early life he had neither drank nor smoked, being a staunch teetotaller — for it suited his purpose — but when he became wealthy, he changed his mind as to what. was lawful; and as smoking a cigar was the correct thing for a millionaire, Obadiah indulged ; and occa sionally he would tako a glass of champagne, for that, also, was tho right thing to do. Thero was a sparkle of pleasure in Sniggle's eye as he iioticed this ; fate itself seemed in his favor. ' You have gone over all the levels where we are working,' said he to Obadiah. ' I think you had better como with me now and examine the old level wliero we obtained tho great yields. I think if a crosscut were put in from the end we might strike something.' 'You'd bettor bo 'careful,' said the captain of tho shift, ' that thero level's where we keep the powder now.' ' Oh I no danger,' said Obadiah jauntily ; ' I aught to know my way about in the mine, for I worked in this claim years enough.' Obadiah said this witheringly. Ho prided himself upon having risen from tho ranks when in the company of workmen, and was ever thrusting before them his perseverance and success — as .much as to say that it was their fault they were not as well off as he. ' Will I go with you ?' asked the captain. 'No, thank you.' said Obadiah, who thought two were company and three were not when there was a confabulation in prospect. Lighting two candles Obadiah and Sniggle moved along the level, tho former admonishing the men to go on with their work. Sniggle led the way. It was well for his scheme that he did, otherwise Obadiah might have detected in his face signs of the fate that was coining. After a good deal of turning and winding they at last came to the opening of a level which had every appearance of being deserted. Tho 'setts' of timber were de cayed, tho floor covered with slime and water, which flowed down in the centre, red with peroxide of iron. Close to tho mouth a largo number of kegs of powder were stored in a drive above. ' There's 110 danger of tho powder getting ...nt oi» -.1 nu„ .1 : u ? ? ? ? -i Hti ? iiaiveu uuaumn in nil ccuiiuuuciu luuuu. ' Not the slightest,' replied Sniggle, ' You leave me alone for that. It's safe there.' ' And you aro sure it's not wasted?' asked Obadiah. ' Powder's risen you know.' ' Certain,' was the reply, ' I know the amount that should bo used to a grain.' After travelling in tho slippery, damp level for some time they -reached the face — a great excavation narrowing to a point. It was hero that the reef had tapered out to nothing. ' Well,' said Obadiah as they rested, ' there . was a lot of gold got out of this, wasn't there? If that fool Jack had only stuck to his share of it ho wouldn't bo digging now.' 'Indeed,' said Snigglo absently. ' Well, fools will be fools,' said Obadiah in a self-satisfied tone. ' If there weren't fools wise men would not bo rich.' A darker shade came across Sftiggle's faco. He was one of the fools. ' But what do you want me to see here ?' asked Obadiah. ' Well,' was tho reply, ' tho truth is that I wanted to give you a surprise. You know when the reef gave out so suddenly I had my suspicions that there were something we did not understand. And thero was. That con tinued flow of water could not bo tlioro unless there was a reef close at hand.' Obadiah was all attention. 'Roofs don't givo out so suddenly,' con tinued Snigglo in a strange tone. 'When they end in one spot, they generally make again somewhere else. And this reef does.' Obadiah couldhardly gpealc with exeitcment. The very idea of tho richest reef ovei' dis covered in Grit being again found, was suffi cient to arouse in his avaricious mind visions of a mammoth fortune. ' Well, I brooded over it,' continued Snigglo Snickers, 'until at last, afterweliad abandoned these workings, and turned them into a pow der magazine, I canio down one Sunday with pick and drill and fuse and worked away at the eastern side of tho face. I thought I de tected a lava streak and I followed it. It wasn't long before I came on a vein of stone, and that stone is richer than ever tho other part of the reef was.' Obadiah rose in a delirium of joy. ' Show it to me, Sniggles,' saitl he, ' Show it to me. Good, good 1 How rieli I will be.' Sniggle looked at him witli eyes emitting such baleful fire, that if Obadiah were not almost beside, himself with joy at the dis covery ho would have noticed it. ' You shall liavo your pay doubled,' said Obadiali, as if ho were rewarding tho man above his deserts. Snigglo shut his tectli fiercely at this ; ho was afraid his passion would get tho better of him, and his scheme fall stillborn to tho ground. Ho began care fully removing a heap of mullock which was piled against tho drive. In a few minutes it had been cleared off, and Sniggle's filled liis hat with water. Throwing a few lmtfuls of water over the stone, soon revealed a snowy r6ef, in which eould bo easily ^discerned spooks and streaks, of gold, some of them very largo. Obadiah gazed on it as if spell-bound. ' See how it widens out,' said Sniggle. ' It's bound to grow as wide as the other reef.' Obadiali did not reply. Ho was making a mental calculation. Ton thousand shares at £20 pef share, would bo £200,000 ; not to mention tho dividends. , 'Willi go and fetch a pick, so that wo'll get a few ?specimens ?' asked Snigglo, in a voice that told how fast his heart was beat ing, his whole scheme resting upon tho answer. 'Yc3, yes,' said Obadiah quickly; 'we'll pick down tho sides to see if it bulges out. We mustn't say anything about it till I pick up all tho shares, and then the men'll be put on to try tho old workings, and you'll put in a blast that'll prevent your work being noticed, but will show the reef.' He- spoke to empty air. Snigglo was gone. So Obadiah began to examine the reef, his frame thrilling with rapture. But did Snigglo go for tho pick ? No ; he merely went to the mouth of tho level, and turned to the alcove wliero the powder was stored. His heart was boating wlidly ; his face, hitherto pale, was flushed with the blood that was being driven rapidly through liis system. Still ho handled the powder kegs warily, amf breaking two of tliem, he strewed the contents in a train leading from the ontrance of the level. After carefully communicating this with the pile of kegs, he retired a little distance, and tailing a newspaper from his pocket, he rolled it up in the manner, of a flambeau. He then took his stand close to the train, and putting his hand to his mouth, shouted — ' Mr. Sweetcomfort.' No answer. ' Obadiah Sweetcomfort !' Only the echoes of the caverns replied. ' Obadiali Sweetcomfort !' ' Now Obadiali was heard. ' Yes.' ' Come this way.' Then followed a dead silence, only broken by the dripping of the water as it fell from the roof of the drive, and the faint sound of tho miners at work and tho creaking and clanking of the cages. But soon Obadiah's light appeared, making darkness visible in the level. ' Stand there 1' said Snigglo in a terrific voice, when Obadiah had come within speak ing distance. Obadiah shook with fear. There was some thing so awful in Sniggle's voice, that it seemed to liim like the trump of doom. 'What is tho matter?' lie cried, in a | quavering tone. ? » ' Matter !' replied Sniggle. ' Death is the matter 1 Don't stir a foot or you aro a dead man.' ' Oh, my God !' cried Obadiah. 'Don't call upon God, you hypocrite,' said liis enemy sternly. ' Listen to me Obadiah Sweetcomfort. You think you aro wise ; yet you allowed a man whom you know to bo poor, who has been injured by you, used as a tool and poorly rewarded, to seo that you were the possessor of half the shares in this mine, when- that man had known a long time that there was within reach a rioher reef than had ever been worked. That's your wisdom.' ' You are mad or joking,' cried Obadiah, his coward heart now betraying itself. ' Oh i don't speak to me in that way.' ' I will speak !' cried the other, in a frenzy ot passioD ! ' I will speak. Havo you not made me your tool. and paid mo nothing? Havo you not humbled me at every oppor tunity ? I havo brought wealth untold into your purse, yet you never gave mo a farthing except my wages^ Had I done for Jack what I did for you ho would have made me a wealthy man. You looked down upon mo ; you thought mo a creature not worthy of at tention ; yet when you were puffed up with pride at your own cleverness I, Sniggle Snickers, was laughing at you. What I was telling you a little while since was a lie. I knew the reef made again that very night when you and all tho rest thought it had gone out for ever. I bided my time, and that timo has eomo. Had you rewarded, me and given mo means to buy tlio shares when they were low this would not havo happened. You thought you had made mo commit myself so that I could not turn upon you and demand my pay. But see what your plotting has done.' Blind with terror, paralysed with fear, Obadiah sank upon his knees. 1 ' Sniggles, my old friend, my dear friend,' he said, ' you won't do anything. I'll give you half, my shares, half my money, half of everything. We will share and share alike. Thero will be enough and to spare. O, oniggiesi rememoer our long acquaintance; what wo have done for one another.' ' Yes, I do remember,' said the man who had now become mad with rage and hate. ' I do remember, and it is worse for you. I . remember the example you set mo when you caused Jack to be buried alive in this very mine. Y'ou set me the example ; now I only follow your lead. As for your promises, I would no more heed them than I would the voices of the wind. If I were to give way, the pioment we got above ground, you would hand mo over to tho law, and there would be no mercy. O, I do know you.' ' No, no,' cried Obadiah ;' ' as sure as there is a heaven above us, I would not ; save my life, and take everything,' 'You talk about heaven,' cried Sniggles, with a sneer; 'neither you nor I should mention it. Neither of us believe in all that nonsense, although when you were poor, you made a stalking-horse of religion to mount to higher ground. Who betrayed my wife? Obadiah Sweetcomfort. Who broke up my happy home, and made me a by- word amongst my lellow-minors? Obadiah Sweetcomfort.' Obadiah did not reply; he cowered down upon tho ground in abject supplication. ' Pity me, pity me,' he cried, almost in articulately. ' Not if I pity myself,' replied Sniggles ; ' I have your 10,000 scrip, and to-morrow I will bo wealtliiersthan ever you were. Prepare to die, Obadiah Sweetcomfort ; prepare to meet thy God you havo mocked, if tliero is suoli a Being ; got ready to faco tlio souls you have ruined, at His judgment scat.' And he made a movement to cast the paper, which he had n6\v lighted, into the train. Obadiah uttered -an awful cry*— -one that echoed and re-echoed through the caverns of tho mine; one that' rang in his murderer's ears for ever after. But that cry hastened his fate. Fearing that it might be hoard, Sniggles threw tho flaming paper into the, train of powder and rushed away into tho darkness. CHAPTER LXI. When Jack stepped out of the train in Melbourno, at eight o'clock that evening, tlio platform was aUvo with newsboys, who woro vociferating, ' 'Erald, second edition, a penny 1 Horful accident 1 A mine busted upl' Jack bought a copy; and as lie was going down in the omnibus he pulled it out and read the paragraph which nearly every passenger was also scanning. It ran thus : — 'Awful accident 1' ' A mino collapsed !' ' A rich reefer buried alive 1' ' Terriblo excitement 1' [By special telegram.] ' Grit, six o'clock.' 'A terriblo explosion took place in tho Hesperus Extended mine this afternoon. It seems Mr. Obadiali Sweetcomfort and the manager, Mr. Snigglo Snickers, were down examining ono of the old drives, where powdor is kept, when tho latter left his companion for a pick. Mr. Snickers had hardly got out of the drive when a fearful explosion took place, wliioh completely stunned liim, and shook the mino lo its centre. When tho men had re covered themselves, and Mr. Sniokers had re gained his senses, they wont back to the old drive which tliey found to be completely blocked up with stone. The havoo was tremendous, and will cost thousands to repair. No hopes can be.entertaincd about Mr. Sweet comfort, as tho explosion muBt have instan taneously killed him. Even if ho were alive, it would tako days to get him out. Mr. Snickers states that Mr. Sweetcomfort asked him to go for a pick in order to test some old stone on tho hanging wall. Mr. Sweetcomfort was smoking a cigar, arid had a lighted candlc. Mr. Snickers warned liim to keep away fronl tho powder. Tho supposition is that lie was examining tho magazine when some sparks froni his'cigar fell into tho powder, or that he dropped his candle. The timber was very much decayed, and must have been swept away by the blast, tho collapse of the drive immediately following. Mr. Sweetcomfort was tho wealthiest mino proprietor on Grit.' 'It is singular that several years ago in Grit, a miner named Meldon was buried alive in this mine; but he was rescued, arid this gives hope to Mm, Sweetcomfort's friends.' A mist rose before Jack's eyes. Obadiah Sweetcomfort dead I And to meet his death in so horriblo a manner. Jack remembered well the awful peril lie himself had escaped. At first a sort of exultation came into his mind, but he quickly repressed it, for he felt it was unbecoming a man, much less a Christian. But there was other business in hand, and great as was tho impression this had on Jack's mind,' he almost forget it in tho prospect of meeting Bertha and his father. CHAPTER LXII. After long years wo meet again, Never to part. Sorrow is-past, lmppy fates reigii. Heart of my eart I But tliou, poor erring mortal, straying On death and lifes's confino ; Long in tho land of lifo delaying, A differentiate is thino 1 Now, God, in incrcy and in kindness, Upon tlieo pity liavo, Aud pardon tliee thy sin and blindness On this sido of tho grave. With a beating heart Jack found himself in Willow- street. Ho would once more Beo her he loved so dearly ; he would clasp her to his breast, and thenceforward they two' would never be parted until death loosed the .-silver band. How tho blood coursed through liis veins; how bright visions of happiness in store rose before liim, to vanish like shadows when tho sun of reality shone upon them. But this would not do ; time was passing, and the soul of the guilty man from whom he expected to learn bo much might havo fled while he was waiting at tho door. He had a duty to discharge to Bertha, but he was also under obligation to tho dear dead ; and when all camo to all, Jack felt tho gentle visitings of tenderness when he thought of his father. He had been a bad man; he had cruelly used Janet and himself ; he had been a drunkard, a gambler, a spendthrift ; yet, after all, was he not his father ? Hardly daring to breathe, Jack knocked at tho door. Thero wos a pause. It was not until he knocked again that a step was heard within, and then the door was slowly opened, not by Bertha, however. Her father stood in the doorway, peering out in a childish way. Jack felt shocked when ho saw how greatly altered was tho once imperious Mr. White. Time had wrought great change in others as well as in him, and had brought woe to more than Jack. It was not long before Mr. White recogniscd his visitor. An infantile smile of pleasure passed over his face, and extending liis skinny hand, he spoke kindly, as if ho had forgotten all that had passed between them. 'Bless me, Jack, is that you?' said he. 'What a long time you've been away. Herd ing your flock, no doubt ? And how's father and mother ? Where's Spot ? I've not seen him for a long time.' Jack looked at him pityingly. He saw at once the great calamity which had ruined his fortunes had affected his mind. Now it was that lie understood at a glance the trouble and sorrow of poor Bertha — alone with an idiot father. He felt that instead of mooning about Grit, lamenting liis fate, he ought to have put his hand to the plough, and helped Bertha. But what was the use of vain regrets for the past ? The future was all he had to look to now, and that future would bo assured if human endeavor was of avail. ' All,' said the old man : ' vou'ro wonder ing where Bertha is I She's just gono out to look after the flock, and won't bo a minute. Come in and sit down. Jack, we've lost Lassy; slio took sick of the distemper and died. Lassy was a good dog, Jack ; she know almost as much as I did.' Jack was not of an emotional nature, but it was as much as he could do to keep down liis tears. He had never expected to find so terriblo a wreck. But, after all, was tho old man to be pitied? Poor babbling Lear, was he not at least unconscious of the terrible realities of life ? ? The handle of the door was now turned. The blood rushed back to Jack's heart ; his wliolo being seemed paralysed. There at the door stood Bertha — Bertha, beautiful as ever 1 Not the grand- and glorious goddess of old, indeed ; but a lovely, fragile being ; sorrow in licr face, poverty in her aspect ; but invested with a beauty that was even more irresistible, more touching, than the beauty of the past. Sho looked at licr father first ; then Bhosaw Jack. ? A short cry, a half-joyous, half startled exclamation, and her head was on his breast, her hands around his neck, her lips to hisl It was'tlio happiness of years crowded into tho experience of a minute 1 He held her iu his arms ; lie kissed away tho tears that flowed down her pale, languid cheeks. Neither spoke. In these few moments the misunderstand ings of years, the jealousies, fears, sorrows, of their youth vanished, and were forgotten. Heart was merged into heart; their souls be came one. True and full and perfect love was theirs. As a flash of sunlight clears up the darkness that lias lefng hidden nature, so this gleam of true lovo at a stroke dissipated tho mists that had so long prevented perfect union. Blessed moment ! Happy are those who have known buc1i an experience; it repays the suffering and anxiety of years ; it gives a pleasure that otherwise could not be obtained. ?The path to tlio sweetest extiby is often through sorrow. 'As ho who has thirsted and hungered long almost thanks his abstinence for a new delight, so did they derive from tho bitterness of tho past fresh sweetness ! Tho old man looked on in childish delight, rubbing his hands -with' glee. Tho busiest part of his life was now a , blank, and for him there was no recollection oi tlie trying scenes of his later days. Hp thought of Bertha and Jack as only a boy and girl, and tho idea occurred to his mind that when they were grown up they wjjuld make a splendid pair I ' 'In my happiness, dearest Jack,' said Bertha, ' I had entirely forgotten your poor father. His lifo is fast ebbing, and you must loso no tune in seeing him. Evidently he has some dreadful confession to make, and until lie has told you all ho will not bo at ease.' 'Whcroisho?' asked Jack. ' In tho next house,' replied Bertha. ' Thero is a girl attending him, and Prudence Macinnis is there. I havo Bent for a minister, too, but your father will not listen to him.' ' Prudenco Macinnis,' said Jack, new wonders breaking in upon him. ' I thought she was dead years ago.' ' Sho is still living,' replied Bertha ; ' hut it is a long story, and I'll tell it to you to morrow. In tho meantime let us make all liafcte.' And taking his hand she led him out. Jack hardly know what to think of all this. In a moment tho whole secret of his lifo seemed unravelled; Bertha was his; Hector Macinnis was in his hands. What mystery surrounded Prudence's existence ? CHAPTER LXni. Bunakum, upon whom death had now set his indelible stamp, was in the act of draining off a glass of brandy, which had been given liim by Prudence, who herself showed evidences of sharing with him, when Jack entered. His eye caught sight of his son immediately, and he uttered a strange cry. ' Come at last,' said he, as if greatfy relieved. ' Come to see the old man die.' ' I hope not, father,' said Jack, in a tender tone, for in the presence of death all his anger at his unnatural parent's past conduct died away. ' I hope not. We will bo able to make you strong by-and-bye.' 'No fear 1' said tho dying man, in his old Blangy way ' My time's run ; my sliift's up, and I hear the Great Manager calling me to come for my wages. Wages I' he cried, with a terrible laugh, 'And such wages. Jack, you don't know our manager ; ho pays in very hard coin.' ' My good man,' said the minister, a grave personage of reverend aspect, ' The wages of sin is death ; but at the eleventh hour the greatest sinner may return.' ' Pooh,' said Bunakum, who now seemed strong and hearty ; ' don't tall; to me that kind of stuff ; I tallied too much of it in my old time not to know its value. Do you think when I've been working for the devil every shift during the year, I can go and claim my wages off the Almighty for a few minutes' spell on New Year's Eve ? Not likely.' The minister and tho listeners shuddered. ' You shouldn't talk that way, Bunakum,' Baid Prudence, whimpering, taking a sip at the same time ; ' it all comes through your not taking another drop.' ' No, no,' said the old man, 'I'll have no moro just now. I have something to do. Where's the magistrate ?' ' Here,' said a policeman, who was stand ing by, and a gentleman advanced to tho bedside. The policeman took pen and ink. ' Whatever statement you have to make,' said the magistrate, ' be as clear as pos sible.' ? ' Yes,' said Bunakum, ' I'll be clear enough, I warrant, clearer than will be good for some people. Jack, come closcr to me.' Jack went nearer to liis father. The others gathered round in a circle. Prudence seized the opportunity to devote herself to the brandy bottle. She argued that Bunakum would require little of it after he had made his con fession. ' Jack,' said Bunakum, ' You remember the night when you fished me out of the creek at Grit, don't you ? Well, after you'd left I fell in with a fellow — ho was afterwards killed at the Southern Cross Company's mine — and he treated me, which was welcome, seeing the drenching I'd got. After that somehow or other I wandered down the street. I don't know why I went that way, but I did go. It was a queer night, the moon breaking out of tlie[clouds accasionally, and the winds moaning through the trees like ghosts, talking. When I came opposite where Janet's tent was — you know, Jack — I heard loud talking. I listened, and sure enough, it was your mother and Hector. They wore talking in an excited manner, but as everyone was away, looking after the flood or drinking in honor of the occasion, there was no one to hear them ex cept me. ,And I wish — I wish I hadn't lizard them. It might have been better for us all. But I hated her, in my way, which wasn't much, for so long as I got a glass of liquor, I cant say I had much bad feeling for anyone. Still I had a sore about the way she'd cut me, and it gave me a sort of pleasure to hear her quarrelling with him. I suppose it's natural. So I heard her accusing and threatening him; and bitter words she used, very bitter ; but they were truth, and that made them the moro galling. Now and then he'd speak, and I shook in my shoes for fear he'd know I was round. I orept a bit oloser, and getting be hind a stump, watchad them. He was sittihg by the table looking as black as a thunder cloud — you know . how black ho can look; Prudence ?' 'Don't 1 1' was the interrogative renlv of Prudence, as sho hastily put by the untasted glass. ' Well, by-and-by, it seemed as if he could stand it no longer. He stood up looking so terrible, that I felt a could sweat breaking out all over me, and I shook like a leaf—as I do now. ' Stop this talk,' said ho, ' I've had enough of you and I am resolved never to see you again. If it wasn't for the law I'd kill you.' 'Do,' says your mother; 'I'd sooner be dead than live as I do now. But if you leave me, you shall never marry another woman. You've told mo your 'past life, and tho world will know it to-morrow.' You auglit to havo seen him then. If ever I saw a devil in human shape it was Hector at that moment.' It was terriblo to see Jack just then. His face was pale, his eyes flashed with oxoitement, his breast heaved and fell. At last the long wished for revelation was at hand. ' He stood stook Btill for a few minutes,' continued Bunukuni, ' and then he said bet ween his teeth : ' Fool I waB to trust a woman 1' For a bit, he seemed to hesitate ; but all at onco ho made a rush at Janet and caught hold of her by the throat. O 1 the dreadful things that followed. I heard her givo one cry, then there was a sound of struggling. When I looked again he was kneeling over her. Sho never moved. He got up and turned his face towards me.' , Jack's emotions could not be controlled. Ho sprang up, his faco flushed, his eyes darting fire. ' Peace, peace,' said tho minister, ' Delay not the confession that scalar the doom of the murderer.' But it was not until Bertha took his hand in hors and soothed him, that Jaok was quieted. Then he sank upon a eliair and burst into tears. Tho picture of his mother's murder was more than lie ? could bear. It was as ho had so long thought. ' That faco 1' cried Bunukum, himself now dreadfully excited, ' I'vo never forgotten that faco. It was not the faco of a living man— it was tho faco of a corpse. Ho glanced once more at your mother, and rushed out of the tent. I don't know how it was ; just then I lost my head and juriiped up. He saw me at once. I felt as if I,d been turned into stone. Up ho came, his eyes afire. ' You saw all this ? I couldn't speak ; I dropped down on my knees. ' Lwill kill you too,' he said in an awful voice, and he eauglit me by the throat, but I found timo to ory out ' Hector, don't kill mo ; I'll never say a word about it. I've been your true friend, and I'll always bo. You were provoked to do it.' Ho stopped then, and I pleaded in every way I know, for when your life's at stake and you seo a chance of escaping being euchred, your tonguo loosens a bit, and mine was always ready. So, after a whilo ha seemed to change, and especially when I told liim I had as much right to bo annoyed at Janet as he had.' Jaok made a frenzied movement. - - 'Now, now, my boy,' said 'Bunakum, ' don't be rash ; consider tho peril I was in. God knows I'd never harm Janet ; I never harmed anyone but myself.'' So he made 1Y10. Bwear a terriblo oath ; aiid there and then pro mised never to see n Ai without money. And lie's faithfully performed that promise. But I don't want his money now. ? I'vo had enough of it: T'c more I got, the more harm it did me; I never kept it. When I knew death was coining I couldn't rest until I had told all, and Jo you, Jack. Janet would como evory night to my bedsido, and there sho would remain, until I had promised to speak out. But when the day camo I always went back on it. Then she would como with hun dreds* of horrible beings and make me promise again. And she's been- here to night, up to the very time I finished. Now she is gone, and with her all tho horrors. I feel better now, better, better 1' It was very easy to see, however, that tho temporary excitement which had borne him up was dying away. Imagination had bo far tormented him by calling up terrible images, but now that ho had lifted a load off his mind she let him rest. ' Is that all down in black and white?' asked Bunakum, faintly. 'It is,' replied the magistrate. 'Now sign.' Bunakum signed. It was a strange signa ture. At his best he never pretended to write a good hand'; but the caligraphy on this ? occasion was more than ordinarily hiero glyphical. 'You've not explained,' Baid Jack, 'how Bridget O'Regan and her husband became mixed up in the affair.' Bunakum winced. ' Hecter's fears alone made them danger ous, 'saidhe; 'Bridget O'Regan sawus coming from the direction of Janet's place, and of course had she said all she could have said the circumstantial evidence would havo been strong. But you know them times, Jack. We gave a good explanation to our friends about Bridget's seeing us and they arranged to give. the old couple a few shiners to keep tliem quiet. But it was a bad investment ; for they never ceased to persecute Hector afterwards, and though he told them they knew nothing, yet he always gave them money. About their death I'd sooner say nothing ; it's about the only thing that weighs heavy on me. I could have saved them.' ' I feel so easy now,' said Bunakum, 'and' you, Prudence, can bear witness to a great deal more.' ' That I can,' was the ready reply. 'He rehearsed the scene often enough in his dreams by my side. A small drop old . man ?' ' ' Yes, yes, I'm tired out,' said Bunakum, . taking a glass ; but it fell from his nemeless hand. Prudence put another glass to his lips and he drained it off. 'Jack,' said Bunakum, in a low voice; ' you're young y«t. Take an old man's ad .viee and never taste a drop of drink. You sec what it has brought me down to. You ' know I might have been rich, respected and happy, only for my fondness for drink. Don't bo lazy ; that's the father of all that's bad.' Jack did not.reply ; he was thinking of tho course he would adopt to bring Hector. j Macinnis to justice. His lofty position would prove an obstacle, for who would believe such a terrible accusation against so eminent a man ; especially when the principal accuser was a half lunatic drunkard. He was ? aroused from his reverie by a cry from Bunakum. ' I believo I'm going,' said he ; ' it seems as if I was all water, and I'm sure I haven't taken much of that stuff.' ' Shall I pray ?' asked the minister. ' If you like,' said Bunakum. , ' The lights are going out fast, and the drive's getting very dark. I see a lot of people. There's Harry, and Jim and Joe, all dead years gone by. Look out boys ; the old man's going home to meet you. He's lived in Grit until everyone's forgotten him. But you know me, old friends, old pals, in tho great digging days when gold was plentiful. It's mighty dark, though, and the bar is hard, very hard— sandstone. Miners of Grit the old man's goinghome! home! andtho tyrant will have it all his own way, up in his pleasant palace on the hill. Strike, men of Grit! Strike hard! therock'sgoing! there's tha light of tlie candles. All ! Is this the Reef?' 'And Bunakum was dead. There was ono person who did not witness liis death, Prudence Macinnis had slipped out of the room unobserved. ' CHAPTER LXIV. A fearful explosion; a blast as of a great furnace ; a sharp and terrible pain — and then followed unconsciousness. When Obadiah woke to life again, it was to find himself cold and damp, surrounded by a thick darkness, the air haying a thick sulphureous smell. No sound broke on the ear ; there was a terrible stillness. At first the man gazed helplessly into the gloom, as if expecting to see there the awful spectres of another world, and the flames of torment. But gradually his senses awoko to tho real situation, and it was with a thrill ing joy that he found himself once more in tho land of the living. How he had escaped * in that tremendous convulsion he could not ' think; it was sufficient for him to know that he was saved at least from immediate death. Perhaps, after all, an outlet had been left ; and and even if there was an opening, 'the miners might be able to save him, as they had saved Jack. God might be merciful to him. He would bo brought to light again, and then ho would visit with swift vengeance the man who had betrayed him. In the prospect of life the fears that had proyed upon him when lie had become conscious, died away, and onee moro hope, on her golden pinions, hovered around his head. What wealth and power would be his if he once moro breathed the air of heaven 1 Ho would never more risk his life again in a , mine. But who could imagino that Sniggle Sniokers, whom he had taken out of the dirt, and raised to the position of manager of the Hesperus Extended, would have turned upon him ? In this delirium of hope, ho thought ha lieard tho miners picking away at tho rook to release him ; but in a few minutes he became convinced it was all imagination. A still more profound and fearful silence followed. The slightest sound would have been a relief, but none was heard. He now tried to raiso himself, so that ho might' search for an opening whereby to escapc. But the slight movement ho made, caused him to shreik, and tlio hollow cavern resounded with cries like those of the tor mented in tho abode of doom. His legs and arms were broken ! - Terror now mastered this wretched being. Ho uttered cry after cry, scream after scream ; ho called and called; ho implored mercy, assistance ; he prayed in his agony to heaven, and vowed that if his lifo were saved he would devote it to tlio service of tho Great Being, whom ho had despised. But thero was no 1 answer savo tho echoes which mocked and jeered liim. On ovcry side aroso tho spcctre3 of those ho had ruined and wronged, gibing and mocking at him. Could his faco havo been scon in that thick gloom what a picture it would havo made of that of ono of tho lost ones in tho Hall of Eblis. But no eye could see linn, no ear could hear his cries. Hr was soon unable to cry or movo; tho loss of blood had completely exhausted him. For a timo, indeed, ho gasped out incoherent appeals to heaven, to men, to demons ; pray ing and blaspheming by turns. Then Naturo refused to assist him further, and ho shrank back into tho gutter, where lie was lying, a helpless clod. ' (To be continued.) ' Two millers thin, Called Bono and Skin, Would starvo us all, or near it ; But be it known To skin and Bono, That flesh and blood oan't boar it. ? '? - — Byroit, 