? NOTHING gives a more characteristic idea of ilie vicissitudes of our Melbourne climate than the scene offered, when, after a blazing hot morning and early afternoon, during which the streets have been swept by a strong unci glowing north wind, the wind for a short time lulls down, and then comes in with double force from the south The strength of the boisterous s<»uth wind becomes intensified by being confined by the walls of the street, and compressed into the narrow channels thus afforded to it. and unhappy foot-passengers, besides being smothered with the clouds of dust brought back by the south wind to the city, are whirled about, and their hats and umbrellas tugged at and borne away in the manner depicted by our artist in his sketch. LIFE AT THE SEASIDE. IN this page some of the more characteristic aspects of life at a fashionable seaside resort during the hot reason are depicted. " The Sweet Simplicity of Seaside Dress " is to be taken sarcastically, as pourtraying the examples of fashion which are to be seen in profusion in the favourite afternoon promenades. " What Seaside Crushes are Coming To" shows eonie of the shifts which our artist, has sketched or imagined as imposed by necessity on the crowded guests, who have great difficulty in finding a place to lay their heads. "The World Forgetting, By the World Forgnt" tells its own tale, that of the young couple spending the honeymoon by the sad and rather monotonous sea wave!-:, and wishing that the honeymoon were over. and that they were back in town again. " A Shark, A Shark !" is a tliout which never fails to carry alarm into the heart of the boldest bather, even though the "shark" be but the smallest of dog fishes, or even something smaller and more harmless. "The Old Salt," who fought, as lie believes when he has taken enough rum, under Lord Nelson at Trafalgar, and " Burying Papa" in the sand on the beach, complete the plate. A GIPP3 LAND TRACK AFTER RAIN. FROM the Victorian sea coast back to the head waters of the Murray lies a vast expanse of mountainous and heavilytimbered country. It is a wonderful land. Its deep valleys are matted with luxuriant growths, engendered from the organic detritus of centuries, brooded over by a sub-tropical heat, and permeated to saturation with moisture. Itsl< fty hills are tree-clad to the summit with enormous timber, and its wealth of forest is appropriately crowned by the far inland sierras of the Bogong Ranges, Mount Kosciusko, and the Australian Alps, whose character the maps turn up ter-ely as "snow a large part of the ytar." Had this reserve of Dame Nature been discovered two or three ctnturiesearlier, it would have figured in history, not only as a land of flood, fire, and tempest, which it is, but as the chosen haunt of the supernatural. The dragon,the enchanter, and the gnome would have lurked in its gloomy recesses, the faity and fay glinted in its rainbow-hued waterfalls, and wraith, ghost, and goblin whirled and eddied in its mists and cloud-like exhalations. As it is,it has an echoof the mysterious—a vague remnantofpre-historicexistence—an undiscovered something has come down from the long-past age of the unknown. Far-off and solitary settlers, not few but many, assure us that on moonlight nights their slumbers are often broken by the long drawn moaning and tremulous bellow of the great fresh-water seal, " the riebbil dtbbil," the bunyip ; and belated anglers have reported on appalling jjlimpsi s of its enormous head clothed with shaggy black hair, wideopen month, and gleaming tusks. This district, too, is the home of the great earth-beaBt—the earthworm whose diameter may be a foot, and whose length an unknown quantity, which luxuriates in the fat black soil of the valleys, and which, with its possibly still more monstrous underground companions, may furnish many new pages in our books of natural history. Of late years, more especially since the opening of the GippsLand railway, large numbers of the rising population, many of tli,em scions of well-to do Melbourne families, have taken up land and devoted their lives to the task of subjugating the wilderness. Townships have been formed, and far and near has been waged fierce battle against the primeval forest, thousands of acres of scrub too thick for cutting have been burned, and mile upon mile of heavy timber " run^," that now stands stands stark and dead, grim and dismal to the eye, but telling eloquently of rich fat pastures and heavy crops flourishing under its skeleton shadow. Spite of all natural advantages of richness of soil, the advance of the army of agricultural pioneers has not been all a path of roses. The enormous labour and difficulty of clearing the land has extinguished many a selector, full many another has " caved in" before his crops were gathered, and others-—and their name is legidfi—have succumbed after all their labour, outlay, and risk, in consequence of the almost insurmountable difficulty of getting their produce to market. Verily, their bones are miking ea*y roads for their successors. Of late tramways constructed of wood have been under consideration, and Bhould surely be of great service, for anything more dangerous and laborious than piloting a team on a Gipps Land back track it would be difficult to imagine. The mud is pf unequalled depth, tenacity, and power of absorption. A bottomless bog, skirted by stockades of heavy timber wattled with undergrowth, gives the best idea of most of these tracks. Our picture gives a good illustration of one of these tracks in the Bass River district after a summer storm, which has caused the usual wandering streamlet at the crossing to assume the rush and volume of a small river. THE LATE COLONEL W. A. D. ANDERSON. WE give a notice of the life of the deceased officer in another page. LANDING IN MELBOURNE OF PASSENGERS FROM QUARANTINE. ON January 28 the third-class and steerage paesengers of the steamer Garonne were finally released from quarantine, according to the directions of the Chief Secretary. The Rescue, which steamed down the bay on the previous day, having been chartered by the agents of the Orient Company to bring the passengers to MeLbourne, went alongside the quarantine jetty shortly after 10 o'clock, and commenced taking the passengers' luggage on board. This work occupied much longer in completion than on the former occasion, as the luggage made a large bulk, which had first to be thoroughly fumigated and afterwards conveyed half a mile to the jitty by the only two carts available on the station, the task being thus necessarily a protracted one. The Rescue left the station at half-past 1 p.m., but as the 109 passengers on board, with their luggage, quite crowded the sfearner, the trip up the bay was a slow one, the Queen's Wharf not being reached until half-past 6 o'clock ; bus as the passengers were fortunate in being favoured with daylight, the inconvenience experienced by the saloon passengers was avoided The passengers who were discharged from the quarantine station were in complete isolation there from the sick and suspected cases for 16 dtys, or two days longer than the known period of the incubation of small pox. Besides this extra detention, each person, before being allowed to land, was carefully examined by Dr. Bulmer, who was directed to detaiu anyone showing the slightest symptoms of illness. Their cloihes and belongings were also carefully disinfected before their discharge. Our illustration depicts the landing of the passengers at the Queen's Wharf. AT THE WILSON CIRCUS. THE subjects which our artist has delineated as the result of his visit to the circus which attracts such large concourses of people at the Sandridge-road are the following : —" Hector and Pane" (the Lightning Acrobats), " °n Top of the Monument" (the performing Italian greyhound), " Lord William's Big Jump" (the black horse leaping over two oi her horses), " The Bounding Jockey" (O'Brien jumps on the horse's back from the ground without using his hands, the horse going hard all the time), " The Mathews Brothers," who snpply a good deal of the fun of the performance, and "The Lious," which, after the terrible accident at Albury, not unnaturally attract a great deal of interest and attention. VICTORIAN INDUSTRIES : MESSRS. SWALLOW AND ARIELL'S BISCUIT WORKS, SANDRIDGE. THE extensive works of Messrs. Swallow and Ariell's biscuit factory, which present themselves so conspicuously to the eye of a traveller by rail to Sandridge, are situated in Rouse street, where they form a four-sided block, covering three acres of ground. The business since its commencement on a small scale by Messrs. Swallow and Ariell over 27 years ago has increased to its present dimensions, until it is now the fifth largest biscuit factory in existence, and the largest outside Great Britain, in the world. It enables the reader to form some estimate of the great extent of the present works and their operations when we say that 10 steam-engines are employed to drive the machinery in the factory, the engines and machinery costing about £30,000. Some refrigerating machinery has been lately added. Within its ample scope the structure includes a flour-mill, a store, a refinery, as well as a biscuit factory. Large workshops exist on the premises, as well as stabling for 18 horses. One curious part of the arrangements is the egg cellar, which has ranged round it large tanks, containing lime water, filled to the top with eggs, of which a store is kept equal to 12 months' consumption. From an account placed at our disposal by Messrs. Swallow and Ariell we learn that the firm employs 10 coopers, 20 tinsmiths, 7 engineers, 5 carpenters, and other operatives. The hands, all told—men, boys,- and girls—number about 350, showing a hundredfold increase since 1854, when the industry started with three hands. Messrs. Swallow and Ariell have organised a lire brigade, which is provided with all the necessary appliances for extinguishing fire. The amount, of wages paid is about £400 a week, but in addition to this they expand large sums for various kinds of w;ork done "outside tho factory. The amount paid to printers averages £400 a month, and from January to the middle of ! ! ! I ! j i j ! ; : • April last year the firm paid the rail way department £1.3,000 for freight of goods, and during the same period £1,50 ! > to Melbourne carters. The factory turns out b« weenGO aud70 varieties of biscuit, from the plain ship biscuit to the most delicate and expansive fancy kinds. To prepare these, together with the Canterbury and Normanby cakes, the Christmas and family cakes, wedding cakes, plum puddings, mince meat, and other products of manufacture, the firm uses weekly 70,0001b. of flour, 8,0001b. of sugar, 8,0001b. of butter, 2,000 dozen eggs, 5001b. of mixed orange and lemon peel, 3001b. of almonds, 2,0001b. of currants, and 2,0001b. of sultanas The western wing of the building is fitted up as a refinery for treacle and golden syrup, the manufacture of which forms the subject of one of our illustrations. It aids to a realisation of the great extent and variety of the operations carried on to mention that the annual consumption of coal in the factory ia 3,000 tons, besides the wood that is also used, and the charcoal employed for refining purposes. Messrs. Swallow and Ariell's merits as biscuit manufacturers have been extensively recognised at our Australian exhibitions, as also at the Centennial Exhibition of Philadelphia in 1876 and the Paris Exhibition of 1878. The firm was also recommended by the jury of that department at the last Melbourne Exhibition as deserving the prize given by the Emperor of Germany. The firm have taken up a large quantity of land in Queensland for the purpose of growing their own sugir, and a crushing mill is on its way out from Glasgow for their use. OFFICERS AND CREW OF H.M.S. WOLVERENE LEAVING SYDNEY. THE event here depicted is thus described by the /Sydney Morning Herald of January 21:—Additional interest surrounded the departure of the Lusitania yesterday on account of the fact that the largest proportion of her passengers embraced the officers and crew of H.M.S. Wolverene, who are returning to England, so that citizens of every class and grade, from Sir John Robertson downwards, assembled on board for the purpose of bidding a final adieu to their many friends of the Royal navy. The Government steamer Thetis steamed round from the Wolverene shortly after 11 o'clock with the petty officers, seamen, marines, and their baggage. After the Thetis had made fast alongside the Lusitania the work of transhipping luggage commenced, and this was speedily done by the tars, who maintained a continuous line to and from the steerage of the vesssel, as busy as beeB, until the last item of baggage had been deposited in the steerage. Then the men bade good-bye to their friends and relatives, and long before eight bells had sounded there was a rush to shore by those who were not willing to be conveyed to Melbourne. The men then crowded the side of the Lusitania, and after she had moved lazily from the side of the wharf a Bignal was given by one of the late officers of the Wolverene for three British cheers, which were given lustily, and loudly returned by the hundreds of persons crowding about the wharf. About half-past 12 the Lusitania moved slowly away, amid a waving of handkerchiefs and hats in every direction. As the vessel steamed away, the old baud of the Wolverene struck up " The Girl I Left Behind Me," Auld Lang Syne," and " Rule Britannia." In passing down the harbour a salute of guns was tired from the Nelson, the ensign was dipped in the usual way, and up ascended Commodore Erskine's flag as commander of the Australian station, when parting cheers were exchanged, The old adage, "Off with the old love and on with the new," will not apply here. Many years may pass away before Admiral Wilson and his gallant crew are forgotten, and the departure of these tars was marked by a gratifying feature, which is, perhaps, without its parallel, for there was not a single case of intoxication or disorder. The Prince of Wales and one or two steam launches followed the Lusitania to sea. MESSRS. CHIRNSIDE'S PICNIC, WERRIBEE-L'ARK. WE give a full account of this festive event in another column. 