CHILDREN'S CORNER The Runaway Princess. BY EMILY HUNTINGTON MILLER. WHEN, on all the wood-paths brown, Red and gold the leaves dropt down, Through the warm sweet sunshine straying, To my ear the wind came, saying: " Hearken! can you understand What's amiss in Fairyland?" Ding, dong! the bells are swinging, Here is tho town-crier ringing ! " Lost! lost!" you hear him say— " Stolen or strayed away! Strayed away from Buttercup town, The fair little Princess Thistledown!" All the court had gone to dine. Knights and lords and ladies fine. Through the open gate-way straying, Came a troop of minstrels playing : One was a fiddler, shrivelled and black; One had a banjo over his back; One was a piper, and one did nought But dance to the tune, as a dancer ought. First, the fiddler drew his bow, Struck a chord, so sweet and low, Lords and ladies held their breath In a silence deep as death. Ting-a- ting, the banjo rang, Up the lords and ladies sprang; Round about the piper pressed— " Ho, good piper, pipe your best!" And they danced to the sound In a merry-go-round, For never before had a minstrel band Chanced to stray into Fairyland. They filled their pockets with silver money, They fed them on barley-cakes and honey; But when they were fairly out of the town They missed little Princess Thistledown. " Call the crier ! ring the bells! Search through all the forest dells; Here is silver, here is gold, Here are precious gems untold; He who finds the child may take Half the kingdom for her sake !" Bim ! boom ! comes a blustering fellow, Dressed in black velvet, slashed with yellow. He's the king's trumpeter, out on the track Of the wandering minstrels, to bring them back. But the fiddler is telling his beads by the fire, In a cap and a gown, like a grizzly old friar, The man with the banjo is deaf as a post, The jolly old piper as thin as a ghost, And the dancer is changed, by some magical touch, To a one-legged beggar that limps on his crutch. Then Mistress Gentian bent to look At her own sweet image in the brook, And whispered, " Nobody knows it, dear, But I have the darling safely here." And, dropping her fringes low, she said : " I was tucking my babies into bed, When the poor little Princess chanced to pass, Sobbing among the tangled grass; Her silver mantle was rumpled and torn, Her golden slippers were dusty and worn ; The bats had frightened her half to death, The spiders chased her quite out of breath. I fed her with honey, I washed her with dew, I rocked her to sleep in my cradle of blue; And I could tell, if I chose to say, Who it was coaxed her to runaway." The mischievous Wind the cradle swung. " Sleep, little lady, sleep !" he sung; " What would they say if they only knew It was I who ran away with you ?" — St. Nicholas. Maiden : What is bric-a-brac ? Well, it is anything in the crockery line that is absolutelyly useless, set upon the mantel where it will be in the way. A poor young man remarks that the only advice he gets from capitalists is "to live within hit in come," whereas the difficulty he experience* ia to live without an income. The most thoughtful man has been discovered in New Jersey. Just before ho died he said to the under* taker: " When you put me on ice do not waste any on my taut; they have already been frozon." He said he was a Chicago man. " No, you're not," said the landlord. " How do you know I'm not f naked the man. " Know f Why, when that man over there said London was the biggest city in the world, yotl didn't rite up and call him a lying guttersnipe who never washed his face I You're no Chicago man." The dogs having learned (perhaps from th« wolves) that sheep are good eating, it has become necessary now to protect the sheep from the dogs. Down in Now Jersey the farmers use goats for that purpose. Two goat* cau drive away a dozen dog*. A few doses of their peculiar treatment will cure a dog, and he leaves the pieruines without any more ifs or butts. There are two gay old printers iv Harrisburp, Pennsylvania. One of them is 79 and the other 80, and the most of their live* has been spent at the " oase," in the art preservative of all arts. A few days since they decided to go oft' on a little sociable ezoursion, and took a drive in company, the horse used on the occasion being twenty-rive yearn old, the haraeas twenty yuan old, and the buggy forty years. Tiie agents of two rival iron safe maniiiao turers were recently presenting the claims of their respeo* tive articles. One was a Yankee, the other wasn't He that wasn't tolil this story : A game-cook had been shut uj) in one of his safes and then it whs exposed three days to the most intense heat. When the door waa o|>ened the cock stalked out, flapped his wings, and crowed loudly ns If nothing had happened. It was now tho Yankee's turn. A cock had also lieen shut up in one of his safes with a pound of fresh butter, and the saf* was submitted to the trial of v tremendous heat for-ti.e than h week. Tho legx of thu safe wero melted off, and the 'lour iU>ulf to far fused as to requiio tho me of a cold cbtnel to get. It o|wik'(l. When it was opened, the cock wan fouiKl JW»n (load, hdil the butter no solid that a man who knocked off h jiieco of it with hit* hammer bad his eye put out with a butter Bplinten 