SPORTING GOSSIP. BY HERMIT. TUESDAY next, the 4th instant, is the date on which entries must be made for the Q.T.C. handicaps, and I trust that a satisfactory number of nominations will be received. The races which have to be entered for are the Moreton Handicap of 100 soys., a mile and a half; the Railway and Shorts handicaps, to each of which 50 soys. arc added, and which are run respectively over a mile and a quarter and a mile; also the Brisbane Cup of 150 soys., which is, as usual, a two-mile race. Entries can be made with the secretaries of the Q.T.C. (Brisbane), R.J.C. (Rockhampton), M.T.C. (Maryborough), or the A.J.C. (Sydney), and must be in the hands of one or other of them by 4 p.m. on the day named, so that horse owners must be careful to see that their entries arrive in proper time. Mr. Gough's new purchase, the Gazer, passed through Brisbane last week, and was shipped by the Derwent for Rockhampton, from which point he will proceed overland to his destina tion. I hope Mr. Gough will havo good luck with him, and as he has the reputation from the Grange of being possessed of plenty of pace, he should more than pay his way, while his tine size will recommend him as a stud horse when his racing career is over. At the annual meeting of the members of the Mulgrave Racing Club, the balance-sheet was read and adopted. It shows a small balance to the credit of the club, so that their affairs are evidently flourishing. Their annual meeting is to take place early in August, and, when their programme is published, lexpect to find that it is an attractive one. The following have been appointed office-bearers for the en suing year :—President, Mr. N. W. Brown; vice-president, Mr. James Drinan ; committee, Messrs. J. Borchara, D. F. Johnston, G. Sky ring, S. Budge, J. S. Mciklejohn, and A. Dean; secretary, Mr. A. M. Goodwin. Messrs. Fenwick and Kellctt advertise the thoroughbred horse Faugh-a-Ballagh for pri vate sale. He is rising 5 years, and is a brown horse, got by Golnsbrough, dam Merry thought, by Peter Wilkins out of Reflection, by Lugar out of Mirror (imp.), so that he has good blood in his veins, and it should not be difficult to find a purchaser for him. Entries for the Cooper's Plains Handicap and other races clobc on the Bth, which will be Saturday next. Entries for the Surat Jockey Club Handi caps must be received by the 15th, and the 17th is the date of the Balonnc general entry, while on the same day nominations arc due for the Roma handicaps. Several clubs have not as yet made known their intentions, and it is high time that their programmes were before the public, as horse owners arc anxious to know whnt is before them, so as to make arrangements as to what meetings it will suit them best to visit. I am very sorry to hear that Dick Lang the jockey is at present an inmate of the New South Wales asylum for the blind, and sport ing men will regret that such a calamity should have fallen on him. The first mount which brought this lad into notice was when he steered Thyra to victory in the Glen Innes Cup, which at that time boasted of its 1000 guineas added money. After this he was engaged at the Grange, and was Lilla's pilot when she defeated The Dean, The Hake, Ulaek Magle, ami others for the Grand Handicap at Ipswich. After this he was engaged by Mr. Henderson, and though when he arrived sonic few pounds overweight, and fearlessly replied, when taken to tusk on the subject, that he hadn't, thought, it "<;ood enough" to reduce himself any lower, Htill he scored three brilliant, victories over the Ipswich course on King Cole in the two days; and his finish with Melbourne, Premier, and Lazy Girl in the Grand Handicap will not easily be forgotten by those who witnessed it. He was a straightforward, honest lad, and a good horseman ; and though 4 fancy that of late years weight rather troubled him, I trust we may yet see him in the pigskin ngain. " The Liverpool Grand National Steeplechase i was won by Seaman, Cyrus being second, and .Zoedone third. I The V. A.T.C. meeting held at Caulfield last 'Saturday was a successful gathering. Glen rowan won the Hurdle Race, with Monitor second, and Little Duchess third; the South Yarra Handicap fell to Sir Joseph, Bar One being second, and Hyacinth third; Actress won the Steeplechase, in which Twilight was second ; and the Richmond Handicap went to John Peel, the Ghost and Harp of Erin being , second and third. ! There has been a great to do (says the Aus | tralian Sfrmrlitnan) Detween Mr. H. Phillips and his partner-trainer Lang. It seems that Mr. Phillips backed Pell Mell to win the Town : Plate attneV.R.C. meeting for a good stake, letting Lang have £100 of nis wages; but, as the son of Panic and Miss Melbourne was never in the hunt, and his stable companion Commotion won rather easily, Mr. Phillips expressed himself loudly to the effect that he 'had been "got at." Lang then asked the V.R.C. committee to hold an investigation; but, as no formal complaint had been made to that body, they could not interfere. However, ' at the sale the other day, Pell Mell was bought in for Mr. Phillips, who is desiring of meeting . Commotion under his new ownership, and so 1 eager is he that, had the pair been run up to 5000 guineas instead of 1400 each, he would not have let Pell Mell go. Mr. Phillips has also stated publicly, it is asserted, that Lang scratched both colts for the Sydney Cup with out consulting him, and that he had intended sending them over here to compete in the A.J.C. big event of the autumn. I see that W. Carter is in Brisbane again, and am glad to find that he is progressing well towards recovery from his late accident: he still, however, requires the aid of a stick to assist him in getting about, so is not likely to be seen in the saddle during the autumn season, which is a matter to be regretted, though I trust that in the spring we may see him rully recovered and again figuring in the van of the jumping races. Sydney, the hero of so many a hard-fought battle, has been purchased by Mr. Whitman, of Rockhampton, and I interviewed him at M'Lennan's livery stable while he was passing through Brisbane. He looks as hearty as ever, and from his appearance I should say that he had been doing good work of late, so perhaps he will be heard of during tho coming campaign in the North. Sydney is probably about the best handicap horse ever stripped in Queens land, and I fancy John Finnic, in whose hands he was so successful, considers him to be a better horse than old Nemo. Judging by the running of Warhawk and Orphan in the southern colonies, Sydney must be but little short of first-class, as, while he always proved himself to be a better horse than the latter, he could, whenever they met, give at least astoneto the former—performances which, it must be ad mitted, it took a good horse to accomplish. The son of Gerama-di-Vcrgy seems to nave stood the amount of work he has gone through well, so his owner may win a race or two with him yet. From " Veno," in the Caprieornian, I learn that it is in contemplation to add a hurdle race to the programme of the Mackay Turf Club, subscriptions for which are being raised by some sportsmen in the district who were dis satisfied at this race having been left out. I trust that they may be successful in raising a good prize, as I do not like to see this descrip tion ofcace—which, while encouraging a useful class of horaeß, is at the same time so popular with the public—falling into disrepute. Mr. Morris intends to hold another race meeting at Kedron Park on Easter Monday, a programme of which will be found in ouradvor tising columns. The added money is not on a very liberal scale, while the exorbitant charge of 10 per cent for entries is hardly likely to encourage many to enter the lists. The prin cipal event is the Kedron Park Handicap of 10 soys. The annual meeting of the Barcoo Racine Club takes places at Blackall on the 6th and 7th July. I clip the following, as to the present state of the odds, from the Sydney Mail:— Hawkesbury Handicap : 100 to 14 v. Sweet William, 100 to 12 v. Barber, 100 to 10 each v. Bathurst and Gudarz, and from 100 to 7 to 100 to 3 v. any other. Sydney Cup : 4tol v. Sweet William (5 to 1 wanted), 100 to 8 each v. Wellington, Barber, and Royal Maid. Navigator, who is doing well since his arrival at the Hawkesbury, is favourite for the Hawkesbury Claret Stakes at 2 to 1 (offered), and for the A. J.C. Champagne Stakes at oto 4 (offered); and Solitude and Jessie appear to be next in favour. From Tlie Awtlralazian, I learn that Mr. S. Gardiner has sold his yearling colt by Tubal Cain, from Coquette (dam of Progress )to T. Corrigan, the well-known cross-country rider, for 700 guineas. A meeting of the residents of Lutwyche and neighbourhood was held at the Kedron Park Hotel on the 24th ultimo, with the object of forming a racing club. Mr. A. B. Pritchard occupied the chair, and it was decided to form a club to be called the Kedron Park Racing Club ; the rulca of the Fortitude Valley Racing Club to be adopted, with some altera tions in the clauses. A committee was formed, and subcriptions were received. It was decided to hold the iirst meeting of the club on Eaater Monday, and five races were decided upon. The principal event will bo the Kedron Park handicap of £10; a maiden plate of £5; a pub licans' purse, the amount not decided upon; a members' race, and a h 111*17 Hkurry. " Ildkkim" writes in the Federal Australian: —" A Chinese steamer, owned and manned by the heathens, has actually joggled up to London Bridge, luden with heathen storcH, and English capitalists arc now commencing to scratch themselves bald-headed in their wild endea vours to discover what conies next —and next. The ways that were hitherto ' dark' are begin ning to come out in the light, and show them selves in all their native nakedness, and at a late kite-flying and cracker-tiring ' shivoo'one Mr. Commander Ling, who is a sort, of Celestial C.M.G., remarked that England might possibly last with earn for twenty-five yonrs more, but after that she must go 'bung' completely. 'These people,' said this venerable old salt-fish devourer, ' tight whilst we are working hard at commercial pursuits, and when it comes to a aucstion of patience, economy, and industry, :lie Chinese nation tan boss the world, and don't-you-forgrt-it.' That's the substance of Mr. Ling's chat, and we mi^ht with advantage take a lesson from the style in which they do these things in China," 