FORTUNE'S FOOL.* A Novel : Bt Julias Hawthobk*. PART III.—PROSPERITY. Chapter XXXVII. in which hb. caliper defines his position and becomes the subject of cbiticism. " Where the deuce can that fellow Calipee be?" exclaimed Major Clanroy, impatiently. " 1 Bent him word for three sharp, and here it ie a quarter past. Can't do anything with* out mm, you know. Deuce take toe leiiow. " 1 didn't at all like Caliper's manner when I saw him last," Mrs. Clanroy observed, shaking out the folds of her ample black Bkirt with her fat white hand. " He has been making money of late, and it has made him conceited.'* "Nonsense, Gertrude!" .her husband re torted testily. "Caliper will always have manners enough to know his own interests, won't he V "You will never persuade me," remarked UisB Vivian, tapping with her long finger nails on the table, " that Caliper is a man to be depended on. And this proves it." " Poor Maria! ehe has no confidence in any one," Gertrude murmured gently; and tbe eyes of the two sisters met for a moment with an expression that was, perhaps, eiBterly, but was certainly not affectionate. For these three high-born personages had not altered essentially duriDg the seven years or so that bad passed over them Bince we laBtsaw them together. Here they sat, in the same large, unfriendly room, with its ex pensive and unbeautiful furniture; and Maria was bonnier, Gertrnde stouter, the major redder, and all three of them greyer and more infirm than before; but their attitude toward one another and the world was very little changed. The major's gout had de veloped to an inconvenient degree, to the diminishing of his patience and the increase of hie expletives ; Miss Vivian was certainly not less positive or cross-grained than before; and the expansion of Gertrude's contours seemed to have afforded room for the growth of her slyness and demure maliciousness. Here, 'at all events, they sat, far better oc worse; and the object for which they had met happened to be nearly allied to that which had called them together on the pre vious occasion. The question of Madeleine's inheritance had again come to Hie surface, and under unexpected and stirring condi tions. A short silence followed tbe sentences above quoted. Then the major eaid— "Shouldn't wonder if Caliper had found oat the whole thing wae a humbug." " The claimant, at any rate, muBt be an impostor," rejoined Gertrude. " You believed in him when this ridiculous affair first came up," said her sister. "Luckily Madeleine's birthday is next month," observed Gertrnde,folding her hands over her abundant w&iBt;, and gazing at Maria's cap-Btrings with amiable supercilious ness ; " and that safely over, there will be an end to all claimB, legitimate or otherwise." " End of a fiddle-Btick," growled the major.' The man has declared himself, and the thing will have to be settled one way or the other before Madey can touch a penny—if it takeB ten years. And he's likely enough to be in the right too; may be the best thing tbe girl could do would be to split the differ ence. and marry him." "Marry a vulgar adventurer—a creature who goes about in a blanket and leggings, trnd is no better than an Indian! How can you talk bo, Arthur dear ? I trust the poor child won't think of marrying anyone at pre Bent." " You'd like her to die an old , maid, per haps, and beqneath her property to you," Aunt Maria suggested. "You will never persuade me that that hasn't, been, your aim all along. Yon thoughtif a claim was made and the matter left in doubt, jou would get the benefit of the execntorship. Bat now——" "What the devil do you mean, Maria?" broke in the major. " Benefit by the execu torship, indeed ? Do you mean to say " " Don't be hard upon her, Arthur," sweetly interposed his wife. " We muBt never take Maria seriously; she is hardly responsible. And I am sure she cannot suppose I wish dear Madeleine to be an old maid. Madeleine has examples to warn her against that. And an old maid would eenarallv have heati anm*. thing else if she could have had her wish; bat Madeleine is a girl whom any man might care for. It is such a misfortune* to be crabbed and homely." " It's lncky for both of you thgt you don't live together," observed the major; "you'd scratch each other to death in a week." Hereupon ensued another pause. " If Madeleine follows my a vice," Marin finally said, " she will many Bryan Sinclair. 1 have seen a good deal ot him lately,, and ho Beems to be a very clever and able man. She will need a strong hand to take care of hex when I am gone. 1 "Sinclair cut take care of himself well enough, I've no doubt," Said the major, with a laugh) " but the less be has to do with any young girl that's got money tho hatter for her, I take it However, if this hffsfr goes against her, and he makes her On offer then, we'll consider it Confound that~Mlow Caliper, he onght to be ehot I" * 11' *■ "If Mr.Caliper had kobdii his he would have given urMorttfati«H ~ sbaSrvnPkUai •nerigateii . Bryan Sinclair, major, bat it was he that first told me about it," " How came he to know of it V " He is the sort of person, I fancy, to know A good deal of other people's business," said Gertrude. " But it has been poor Maria's fate to make mistakes about men from her youth op." "I never made but one mistake about you," retorted the old lady, turning white with suppressed ire. " You were a liar, then, and you have been one ever since." " Hoity toity! that's plain language!" ex claimed the major, elevating his eyebrows. ) " Would you mind telling me what mis take you refer to?" Gertrude inquired, her ordinary mellifluous tones betraying, in spite of herself, a tremor of malignity. " You know very well what I mean," Maria replied. " Shall I make a guess ' asked the other tauntingly. The two sisters gazed at each other for a moment. Then Maria aaid, in a harsh, breathless voice— " I shan't prevent you." 11 You wish Major Clanroy to hear ?" Gertrude paused. lu fact, she by no means ; desired to give up her proprietorship of Maria's miserable secret It had been a most useful possession to her, enabling her to exercise over her sister a power altogether out of proportion with her own intrinsic strength. , If Maria were now to repudiate this black mail, ' Gertrude wonld not only lose her advantage, j but she would herself be, to an inconvenient ; extent, at Maria's mercy. For the latter had ' become acquainted with many facts of Ger- ' trade's condnct and circumstances which it i would be most inexpedient for the major to 1 know, but which Maria would be extremely | apt to tell bim, once the check npon her j sinister communicativeness was removed, i Beflecting npon thie, and perceiving that | Maria had been brought to a dangerous pitch ! of exasperation, Gertrude paused, and began to cast about in her mind how she might most adroitly escape from the discomfiture which menaced her. " You may say what you like," resumed Maria, bitterly and excitedly. " I will not be threatened and bullied by you any longer. 1 would rather be what 1 have been than what you are. There can be no worse shame for me than to have submitted to a woman like you. Come, Arthur Clanroy, your wife has something to tell you that will amuse you. It will make yon love her even more than yon do now, if that'e possible. And when ehe has had her say I will have mine!" "What the mischief is the matter now?" cried the major, putting down hiB newspaper and drawing his eyebrows together. " 'Poa my soul, you two women " " I'm sure I have no idea what Maria meane," Gertrude protested, manifestly dis concerted. " I have nothing to tell—nothing at all. Maria calls me very hard names, and seems to think I wish to do her some injury ; but 1 can assure her she is mistaken. I wish nothing more than to live in peace and kind ness with everybody " "That won't do, Gertrude!" interrupted her siBter, sitting erect in her chair, her haggard face working with angry contempt "You want to keep your hold over me, by keeping eilence until my blood is cool again; but it won't do. If you don't tell Arthur, 1 will! He shall know the truth, once for all, and make what use he chooses of it And when he knows your treachery to me, perhaps he'll be prepared to believe that you may have been treacherous to him as well. Listen to me, Arthur," she continued, breath ing bard, and pressing her lips together between her sentences; " I will tell you the secret that this woman has been threatening to betray ever since yon married her. There was a time when I would sooner have died than have you suspect it; but I don't care sow! You stay think that 1 have lost ail my pride—perhaps I have; but I am too proud still to live any longer in fear of that woman. You know very well, Arthur Clan roy, that when you tint knew me and her, it was not her that you intended to marry!" At this point, the major, who had been eyeing Maria and his wife alternately, with a peculiar quizzical expression, was delivered of a lasgb, which caused Maria to stop short, and her elderly blood to flush her sallow cheeks. Gertrude, meanwhile, was privately making appealing signs to her husband, which, however, he disregarded. "Bless my soul, Maria!" he exclaimed, partly recovering bis gravity at length, " is that what you're driving at ? You might have spared yourself a great deal of trouble. No, no, Gertrude, you needn't make faces—I might have known the sort of mischief you would make. My good creature," he con tinued, again addressing himself to bis sister in-law, " there's no need for Ml this mystery and agitation. It's no secret to me that you did me the honour to have a preference for me once upon a time. Good God! I've known It for yean and years!" " You knew it? How ?' stuttered Maris. And I supposed you knew I knew it— when I thought attbut it at all, which I haven t done since I can remember. It was Gertrude told me—not long after I married her, I fancy. And so she's been holding that over your head all this time, has sheJWell, all 1 ve got to say is, it's jaet what I should have expected of her; and if you choose to takei a cat-o'-nine-tails to her for it, I sha'n't interfere; it would serve her right! And egad, Maria, if I was where I was five-and twenty years ago, I'd choose you instead of her—that is, it I didn't make up my mind to die a bachelor!" The affect of this announcement upon Maria was much more profound than 8he herself could realise just at that moment. It sounded in her amazed ears like a fanciful atory, told of somebody else. To believe it would be, in a manner, to disbelieve the better part of her past life. The thought that she had allowed Gertrude to tyrannise over her by dint of a wholly imaginary terror was even more intolerable than the reflection that the major bad always been familiar with the fact that she had of all others sought to hide from him; or than the spectacle of his jocose indifference, half contemptuous and half compassionate. The comfort and sub stance of hex existence had been stolen from her by a vulgar deception—a tridk that she might have seen through from the first. The Bredtoament was too tragic for anger ; and most tragical becanse most absurd. For the t>resent, Maria could only feel crashed—ell her vital energy gone from her. She had not strength even to get up and leave the room; Mcvcely to draw her breath. Her jaw fell, mad her eyes were fixed in a dull stare at vaoMuw. Could such a thing be? What •mud happen next? This secret bf hers had heap to her the essential reality of'the world. But now that reality was. proved a delusion, ^tf would become of all the lesser realities t Would the solid earth vanish like a bubble f ^did happen next, not inopportunely, ViWM the entrance of Mr. Calipee, ipyar ..briefly and some what uacon *?r his delsyj having, as , mttirfffi' I was wow erf » brilliant •baldness, and I fudr xsaosiaed to him free of a grey hue; in other reepecte be appeared much the same ae eeven 5 ears before. He pot his hat on tbe table, and eat down without waiting for an invitation to do so. Upon tbe whole a more independent Mr. Caliper than the former one. Bat, of the three persona m the room, only the major waa, for the time being, in a state of mind composed enough to take notice of Mr. Caliper's behaviour. " And now, what can 1 do for you?" the lawyer inquired, resting his hands upon his : knees, with the tips of the fingers meeting, \ and serenely raising his eyebrows. ; " To begin with, let's hear what yon have i to say about this confounded young impostor ; from America!" returned Major Clanroy, curling his white moustache, and speaking with abruptness. i Mr. Caliper leaned forward with eyebrows pointed interrogatively. " The terms of your description scarcely enable me to identify " he said, with a polished inflexion and a smiling pause. "Hang itl where are your wits, man" broke out the irascible major. " Have you never heard of the fellow who calls himself John Vivian, and I don't know what else ?1 " Ah! you refer to the heir—to the claimant, 1 should, perhaps, say, the matter being etill tub judice—to the estates and title of Lord Castiemere. Yes, I have heard of that gentleman—certainly, yes. His claim is likely to come to trial very shortly; if, that is to say, the parties at present in possession Bbould decide to contest" " ' If,' indeed!" the major called out " Am 1 likely to sit etill and see my ward robbed of forty thousand a year? What's got into you, Caliper V " I express no opinion either way," replied tbe legal gentleman, unmoved. "But 1 most say that I casually met Lord—, the claimant, some months ago, and learnt some of the particulars of his case, and thegroands upon which he founds it appeared to tne weighty—very weighty, Major Clanroy. But of course you would be perfectly justified in opposing, even if failure were a fore gone conclusion. Possibly, however—I merely hazard the conjecture — possibly something in the nature of a compro mise might prudently be entertained. The rival claimants are, if 1 may say so, of op posite sexes." " Well, but hang it! Caliper," said the Major, changing his tone, "You dou't think it's really so serious—eh ? Do you hear this, Maria? Caliper says he thinks this fellow may establish his claim after all! Gad! so you saw him, did you? Has he got his papers with him ?" " 1 have reason to believe he is provided for all contingencies." "Since you have made his acquaintance it might be very useful if you were to find out all you can about his case, not letting him know that you were acting in our interest," said Mrs. Clanroy timidly, after a glance at her sister. "He might make some state ments, yon know, which could be used against him afterwards." " Caliper shall do nothing of the kind, if I know it!" put in the lady's husband grimly. " The best help you can give ue, Gertrude, is to hold your tongue. Let's have your opinion, Maria." Miss Vivian looked np, pas Bed her tremu lous fingers vaguely across her forehead, and said nothing. Her mind was still else where. "The claimant is a fine-looking young man, and of excellent address," observed Mr. Caliper, speaking meditatively, with his eyee directed towards the cornice. " In fact, as handsome and charming a gentleman as I have ever encountered. Were Miss Made leine Vivian to see him—were a meeting to be arranged between them—I venture to imagine it might be attended with the best results. Otherwise I may state frankly that I should apprehend grave detriment to the young lady's interests." " It strikes me, Caliper, that for a solicitor your tone is rather queer. Yon don't mean to say, I suppose, that you would refuse to make a fight of it?" " On the contrary, I shall enter npon the conduct of the case with tbe greatest confi dence of success. When the facts are known there will scarcely be two opinions as to the result" "Then confound me if I can understand yon, Caliper! Yon as good as said a moment ago that we hadn't the ghost of a chance, and now yon contradict yoarself flat!" " Pardon me—I fail to detect my contra diction." " What the deuce do yon mean, then? Come sir, don't play off any of yonr legal quibblcB on me 1 I'm not in a humour for it!" " I can only repeat, Major Clanroy, that I fail to detect any inconsistency in my state ments. I am, as I always have been, de voted to the Castiemere interests; I have said that I am confident of their Baccess, and I shall, to the best of my poor ability, if occasion unhappily arises, support those in terests before the proper tribunal. Can I be more explicit ¥' " fiat if yon are so certain that we shall win, what's tbe meaning of all yonr talk about compromise?" " Ah! that was only in the interest of Miss Madeleine Vivian." " Well then—her interests are yours, aren't they ?" " Sentimentally, I admit; but In the legal senBe, no." " Look here, Caliper, either yon or I ate daft 1 Yon are retained in the Caatlem ire in terest—that is understood so far?" " Precisely." "And Madeleine is the representative of Castiemere—the heiress of the estates. And yet you say that yon are not acting in her legal interests. Explain that I" " Ah, now I think I see yonr ■ mistake," said Mr. Caliper, nodding hie head with a bland smile; " or, to put it In another way, the point of oar misunderstanding, i I am en gaged in the Castiemere interest; you assume Mies Madeleine to be the representative of that interest; while 1, on tbe contrary, am ' compelled to recognise as the only true repre sentative—" Here the lawyer paused, rose: from his chair, and took hp his hat. "Who—in the devil's name?"[cried tbe major. • i " My client, John Vivian, fourteenth Baron Castiemere," replied Mri Caliper, bringing out his dramatic climax in tbe neatest and quietest manner imaginable. The major's faoe became dark red, but after a few: moments, by a severe seffort, he managed to control himself. The lawyer had made a fool of him, but he determined to give him as little opportunity as possible to in crease his triumph. " I think. Caliper," he said, with a rather ghaBtly smile, " that we needn't detain yon any longer this morning; Present my 1 acknowledgements to his lordehjp for the suggestions he has conveyed tops through yon; I'll think them over. Were yon aver, kicked down stairs f » The manner in which the major made this' •Inquiry'bad something in it whiahi tended to, promote the' promptness of Mii Caliper's withdrawal; nevertheless, en reaching the : door; he found time to make a polite bow in tbe direction of Mrs. Clanroy. I After, the door had olosed behind him the major throat, bis bands in his pockets, took his stand upon the hearthrug, and whistled some bars of " Bonnie Dundee." Despite this apparent cheerfulness, however, the aspect of his brow was such as to admonish his wife of the in expediency of accosting him. But at length she could endure no longer, and burst forth— " Aren't you going to do anything to that wretch ?" she exclaimed with a sort of shrill passionatene&a.; " Are you going to let him insult and cheat us like that? Is he to " " Gertrude, I told you to hold your tongue once, and I tell you now, once more." inter rupted the major, stern as a judge at a court martial : " that's enough." He then turned to Miss Vivian. " You have brains, Maria," he said; " can't you advise me \- The interrogative tone seemed partly to uouse the lady, and ehe looked up with an air of attempting to gather her faculties to gether. " What's the matter?" ehe asked. "About Caliper, you know," said the major. Mibs Vivian gazed about vaguely for a moment, smiled in a mechanical manner, and Bhook her head. " I suppose he will be here soon," was all ehe 6aid. 