BLOOD POISONING AT HOME. The condition of the Duke of Con" naught's house in Bagshot Park, as described in a report which has been published, at the Duke's request, by Dr .V.,S. Playfair, is not only a dis grace to .all. the.. responsible peisons concerned, but amounts to something like a national scandal and reproach. iThe mansion is quite new, and was erected at a cost of between £30,000 and £40,000.. It is beautifully situated in the picturesque county of •Surrey, and so may be regarded as having every possible natural advantage in the way of surroundings coiducive to pleasure and to health. No expense was spared. in making the residence suitable to the state and dignity of an English prince, and, as a mattei' of course, scientific counsels and specially skilled workmanship were sought in ordes to secure every modern sanitary improvement. And yet the plain truth is that the costly mansion -is a don, gerous pest house, with foul and noxi ous vapours-fir worse than the tradi tional ghost of many old country houses - haunting every room and corridor, and impairing the health and imperilling the life of every inmate. Bad smells were noticed here and there people in the house suffered from vari- t ous ailments and from general indisa - position and languor, and yet for some time it does not appeared to have oc- I currred to anybody that these could hbe symptoms of radical and and dange- s rous defects in the building itself. Of caursenot! How could;there, be such defects, when architects, sanitary engi neers, and other experts had all put I their heads together in order to avoid them, and when builders and an army of workmen lhad been liberally paid in t order to carry out the schemnes con I cocted by the wisdom of their supeliors? 1)r Piaylair's report state-it might be 1 in the spirit of grihm satire-that "con- c siderble pains were taken in the ar- t rangement and ventilation of the i drains,,'iand, o; coure...thi, fact was a calculated to disarm suspicion. At length, however, the Duchess of Con- t naugh. a fortnight after, the birth of I her daughter. showed unmistakable i symptomus of blood. poisoning. Hap. t pily Dr Playthfiir observed the danger and ordered the instant. remo- v val of the patient. The Duchess was taken to Windsor.Castle, and then the c ex:unination, was : entered upon, the I results of which are given in this re- d port. It was found that not only was I the svsteml of drainage in itself defec tive, but the `' work was in many inst inces so carelessly carried out that it c is surprising that graver results did not follow." Entering into some de tail, Dr Playfair say-" It may at first sight seem incredible, but is the fact that the elaborately constructed system b of baths, drains, and waste pipes cornm inunicated directly with the soil drains of the building, and by a Machiavellian a policy, which wonll appear to be the n pastime of modern builders, pipes which ought to have been stopped were left open, and the poisonous gas was actually conducted, .in sundry ingeni- b ous and wonderful ways, into the very t apartments it was particulary desired C to preserve from possible infection." a The writer who summnarises this report in the Lancet goes on to observe that ." the professadly sanitary constructors are, if possible, the least to be trusted," and notices that it is the common prac- n ticeof "these remarkable persons to a ventilate the horise drains and, there, fore, of course; the seiwer generally.into the bedroom,'" by means, that is, of the waste pipes of.baths and cisterns,ihich a are made to dommulnicate directly with the most noxious and dangerous drain pipes of the.: building. Such facts as these are both disheantening and alarm ing. Sir Henry.,Cole, in a letter to I one of the papers, asks, " Can nothing be done to impiess every dweller in a 'house, be it a palace or a cottage, that e lie is alsihys breathing living germs of I disease if the drainage of his house is defective l" Yes, but even when we are convinced of that, it is no easy task to help ourselves. If "sanitary con structors" are. rot to be trusted, if t architects and builders and Workmen all alike are either ignorant or negli gent, and if-, layish expenditure of money is of no use, in which direction are very busy and comparatively poor men to turg ? Sir Henry Colesuggests the appointment of 'Rdo'yal Commis sion to inquire to what extent the houses in Lonudunare undonnected with the main drainage system, and also the adoption of iaeashres for tl1e' better instruction of the people 'on saniitary matters. Many valuable livesare lost every yeaF by resson 'of faulty diains-. the Prince Consort and Dean Stanley are to ibe reckoldned. among these vie-. tims, and many.dtheis, are frequently \- being imperilled. It is a danger which I besets i-idh aind poor, and which is of a uniersal .and pressing interest. Christian World. in Paris.. fire in?n,. ar on thme stag oef Stheatrei deiiLig the dhole pcIrldrmance, , 