j J FAEE WELL ADDKESS.!.; -'- ^r ! .:-jLAST evening tha Rev.- .R Sellors .delivered' his farewell address to the' congregation .wor shipping in' the Albert-street Wesleyan Church'; It had been raining steadily during the greater part ofr the -day, and a heavy, shpo-er . was. falling about nhurch time, but in spito of theie unfavourable , oircumstancaes, ; a ?. considerable; audiouce assembled. The portion;of Scripture read before the sermon, was the fifteenth.chap. ter of Romans. In his introduotpry remarks tho reverend gentleman stated- that he felt he could not preach a sermon to'tbem,that evening, -. or take a paSeaga'and intending to' expound it' as he had usually tried to expound. any. passage selected for their meditation, ^aud ho therefore, purposed, inUeadjpf^'.takirig'a. text^tb^deUver an addresa, as; such a|'courseVwbuld''leave., him^ a ? little 'more 'freedom and'' enable him ' to touch upon certain . subjects * ' that he; conld not touch; upon in : an; ordinary 'piilpit' discourse:' He ? '[ said ' it; - was j'with-.,; 'feelings of !vety_ deep regret ;' thit' ho1-' stood, there for, tBe -last time,. .that.finight as their minister. During the three years ha had been permitted to labour - in this , circuit, he had' felt very great pleasure' in* serving the peoplo of- God hero, in ..serving the God who rnado him, in serving the Saviour who redeemed) him ; and lie might be allowed oil that oooasipn: to ask the question, 'W. hat had' been the' result' of his miniptry'ih Queensland during the past' three years f ? Aud.jyhat_had JjBiiu..thu rosult; of his ministry , in the particular,, church , in- which hb had. , givenrmo§t of his Bervioba r Ho had tried to give prominencaHin, his ministry to tno. groat siibjeot of 'redemptibri/and'ihere hadibaen times during, which'he had felta special unction of the Holy Spirit dwelliiig upon him. an unction, which -he partly. attributed to cne prayers of the.people of God that the iblessing; of .(iod would rest upon. him, -and that'he might preach.with the powerof the -HolyiGhost^sent' ?dowii'from heav, n.; Well, what had been the re.-ult.of hia.ininistry ? ? Were.there.aoaitj who loved Christ more to-day^than. thoy, did-, three years ago f Home of therii had passed through strange exptrienoea dnriugy'that period; they h'ad* suffered, trial, and darkness,,' and sorrow, andf heaviness, 'and manifold temptations. , What had beeh their 'support' in* those 'vicissi- tudes ? Had they found the, religion of Christ to answer their need in the various circum stances in 'which they had been placed? It was. good for.them-in health, :it was I good, for them in Fickness aud in tha hour of sorrow, it was'good for them when they .were prospering/ and -it was good for them when they wero in adverse circumstances. Were there any present , who had felt that tt.iir faith had been strength ened, that their love for Chriethud been deepen! d, that their consecration to tho Muster bad been more thorough, more complete during the three years which had just passed? If so, he thanked God; most exceedingly.' - Than, ' what: had been the ires ult of his ministry to ; those ., who, in a ?very emphatic sense, mi£ht be said'to Be-'ontside of Chiist ? Three years ago. they.wera. not, fully deoided, and ha feared they had not j at closed with Christy Ho should havo to giva an. aocoiint of hia ministry; and he implored dii-ine' forgiveness if ho had failed in earnestness , or sincerity, or if ho had failed to declare unto them the whole oornsol of God. Thay Would also have to account for their opportunitias'and privileges. There was a duty -of those who heard. ' Take heol how j-ou hear.' He asked them if -they had: heard with indifferanco, with1 unconcern;. with a' desire- to ridicule 'tho' truth,-, with a roiislanoo. in thoir' hearts to tho ! truth ? Had . that b/teil their state . of - jmind as thoy ' heard th'e ' 'message some'iuiea from ? his -,. lips ,;and t sometimes from the lips of others associated ' with v him in that churoh ? . Oi had, they thought that.it ?was tsuffioie'nt' 'to attend1: tha'san'otuary ,jina-,'to' stand aloof; from; a Christian,' 'profession and from the- Church of God t , ,Hb' entreated thbrn, ho beseecbed them, that 'hight to receive'thb' word 'from one who' Bought' them for Christ. Their' present position ' was not a safe one ; if they, were not with'Chjist'.'iwith him' in heart', in uympathy, iu'lovo; with'him by their stead faBt jpnrpose to follow -hia example— if thay. '.vera Dot' willi Christ %v-hero -.vera' tfiey ? Porhapstthey might hesitate to say where -they were,,butithe Master assigned to them their.' position, and Baid ' He .that is not with me iB against mi,' tiot 'against, .tho minister, not against , the Ohrislian,. workersi connected; with; thatjclTuroh*,' buti ugsiBBt'-Christ. ,, Who oould ba- BHtisfiBjd...with-.8Uoh _a .position?. '.To. stand . -against Christ,- , Xo, atund, opposed to -Christ aud ! the ' advaacom'iit of 'Hia kingdom.^ Let him! entreat them, let him be^qeoh them, to deoido. fullyjfor .Christ, wlio, though one with' :the iFath'br; y.ot 'for 'their takes .becamo poor, that] they, through Kis 'poverty, might bo made ?richj eniiohed' with His grade, enriohei with' fH*'i j forgiveness, ehriohed with 'Hia 'lov^eSil rich(d with- His Spirit, enriched with the gifts' whioh' in His divine beneficence and love He' waits to lavish upoii' thom'.'-;'' Mr.! Sollbrs'' next' referred in a 'feeling manner ' to; th^' 'work done in the -Sabbath school, aiid then' Urged upon all, ;both' old and young,' to statid By the in6titutibns of Alethodism'-and -to seek; for Ijhat.ohurbh tha tit might beribh in spiritual gifts, 'rich in tho gift of prayer,, rioh in'tha gift 'of love, -rich1 in the strength, of lihity and per-, fcatlaccord in tho Mustei's service,' rioh in the spirit of self-denial and of solf-saorifice. - In oonuluding an earnest and impressive disopurse, which was listoned to with rapt attention throughout, the preacher asked for the prayers of the oongrogation that God might make him ft bloRHincr iu thu nlaco where he was eoinir. and said hu would reuiomber them iu his sup plications .at tho .Throue of Grace. Ho oould desire no greater blessing for thein than Paul deBired for. tho ohnrch at Corinth in the bene diction, ' The grane of tho Lord Jesus Christ, the love of God,- tha communion of tho Holy Spirit, ho with you all. Araan.' ... Tbk SooliiIno Uatoh.— The sonlling mttdh which \yas to havd como off on Saturday after not a, betw'en Mr. T. ; 0)Su)',ivan and Jlr. LynoU fell through, in oonsequence of the latter gentleman not being ablo to ' coran' up to- the sorutoh; Tho tiophy fori whioh th'oy;'Wi-re.to row— a hat valued at a giiiiib'd— waB therefora 1 handed over to Mr. O'jju'.'ivan. on Saturday evenvig, and the wagers made between 'thoi backars of euoh party wjro i-, |o paid. ./; '???? ? Thb._;Weathhii.— Cloudy and showery weather- prevails throughout'- the colony. At Brisbano on Satur Jay tho sky was threajer-'ng, , and at' about' 10 p;m.' rain ,»et. in fiom tho S.E.i oontinulrtg vvith only oue or two in'errala lip till ' seven ? o'olook lust ovniiig., Tho offioUl reports reoeived at, 9 o'olbck this morning, Bhow.that during thb'previoiis twenty four hours rain fell'at ►thV'follbwing places : — Brisbano, 0 55 ; ;;OBpe ilorotori, 1-82 ; Too. wopmb»,-0'65 ; Bookh'ampton.'O 07 ;.Oookl6wh, , 0 99; RavenBWOod, 0;03 Dalbyj O'14; Glad stone, 190: Gympia, 0-35 ; Ipawioh, 0 42 ; Jimbour, 2 81; Nanaogo, 0'19 ; and South port, 0 61. 