THE DISCUSSrOif OK CHRISTIAN BAPTISM. Tbe above discussion between tbe Kev. Batchers and Mr. Peter Brown, was concluded last night in the Dana atrae* Lecture-hall. Mr. K. T. Val,-occupied tbe chair, and there were ssaiiy S30 resent The subject debated was, " £i Scriptural, whether administered oy sprinkling or immersion/' Mr Batchers, who took the affirmative, began by conceding that wsa a vsud mode of baptism, but denied tbat there was svffident proof tbat tbe Apostles actually adopted that particular mode. Pouring or sprinkling being equally valid, there were strong reasons for beilsvmg tbat apostolic baptisms were administered in that way. "Baptiatf was a generic word, commanding tbe we of water In a religions service, bat . not specifying the particular mode in which it ahonld » employed. In that respect it resembled, for instance, oat English word " go." You command two of yonr children to "go" a certain me-ssge. Both equally obey tbe commscd, though one "goes" by walking, and the other by riding. If you wish tbem to go in a particulsr way, you most expressly specify it; and it Would be fur bis opponent (Mr Brown) to prove tbat the Cr»k worn "laitUispecified immersion as tbe only proper mode of baptising. If such wtie its meaning, why not Jerome in the fonrth centary. th« translators nf tbe authorised version, and tbe recent revisers .of the Kev ftstaun-nt, an translate it! In eacb ot thrsn three instances the Greek w.^rti "baptxzo" was left to aland untranslated, foritmttst ever be remembered .that the word - biptise is simply a i'.rtet word in English feathers. Mr Butcher* then expliined that the reason why it was left nntmn^-lsted was simply becaoMe being acumplex w-.Tit, no ou- worti in BngU-ll language could adequately sat fortb its full and varied meaning. Neither id the words immerse, sprinkle, or' ponr, could be properly sabsta^nted for it. Its moaning, when used with rapeetto water used f >4* TeHgums fcrvicewas a Rymbolical pflrifyicg and coneecntrng by water. MrBatcheTsthenwentontoaddncethe full jwiog resson3 for believing that the baptism* on the Day ot Pentecost var- not by i umenaou:—1. It wav contrary to Jewish ideas of propriety for one man to immerse another, and much m.<te for a wan to injiucr-st' a wmuan. There was n-.t a solitary instance of tbat kiudintbe wnoleof tbe Old Te.staT.eiit. £. It was contrary to the nutnreJ instincts of modesty, s. It was inconceivabic thbt the enemies of Christ should have allaaert anj one ot the ressv.drs of water to be polluted by the Immersion bf 3000 persons. - Mr Butchers then went oo to say that he preferred sprinkling as the mode of baptism, because aprinVIia j. according to Scriptural language, was sufficient to symbolise porifyiog and consecrating. Ood himself said, " Tben will 1 a^-rintJe dean water upon a : we never find tbe baptism of tbe HolySpirjt spoken of under the figure of immersion, trat always as affusion. Than we rv&d; • f tlu* Holy Spirit "descending,* being " poured out." " falling np in," Ac.: and we axsae that as tbe sign »h"Uld venerable tbe thing signified, water baptism sh-iuld be by ponring or aprihtiing in preference fo immersion which reverses the meaning by applying "he body to tbe cleansing element, instead of the cleansing element to tbe body. Mr Brown maintained tbat Mr botcben did not tnc- VWHI in proving bis affirmation Oil the groond that a -&«och as in (be case ot tba Ethiopia* eunuch would not go iato water in order.to be sprinkled. He farther contended that Mr Butchers bad pointed oat no instance in tbe Bible, taking all tbe facts into consideration tb&t; they could fcar monies wi^ sprinkling. At- tbe conunsion, votes of were pa<sed the dispntants. and to the chairmen, Messrs Vale and Birtcbnell. Mr Cheek offered to accept Mr Butchers' challenge, which he had set f. >rtli on tbe previous nighc, to the effect tbst-be would discuss tbe question with anyone. MrBa'chers expressed hiiu.'elf as very sur- pri-«d with Mr G'-eeKVs rem <rfcn. «s be bad. only tl»-ee weeks tfsce, .debited Christian biptinm witli bim at UilmUiQH, and hi* did not wish to do bo azain Qe wonld, h-»wever. di-cu*. ibe question with Mr J. J. Haley, the recognised head of the D griples of Chriss Church in tictuia- Mr Macgowan *aH be would accept the challenge on behalf of Mr iSilef time and p]*ee to be agreed upon on a-future occasion. We comet two errors wbich. owing to the necessary brevity of our report, in yesterdays lsflne, crept into the s^nopds of flhe Rev. B Butcherremark?, firs', toe sentyoce beginning, " Mr Bottlers argued strongly," Ac., shool.1 hav.- read thus:—" Mr Butchers argued that since his opponent believed that Christian baptism for tbe remission of sins was ad mini tered for the first time on the day of Pentecost, It neeesaxily followed tbat th- Apostles tbesnaolvev and the ISO disciples up -n wham tbe Holy Ghost fell on tbe Bay of Pentecost had never re. ceived Ch>!stim baptism at alL Tbey baptised the 5900 converts^ bat never received Christian baptism themselves. {How, then, were their anna Temitted?' Secondly, for tbe words " For the command of tnir Saviour to his disciples was, to baptise those ' did not believe fa him." r-ad, " for among those disdplcs who wen bi^tised bv the direct authority of Jesns Christ were found foacd many whom Jesus fcaew did not believe in Him at the time at their (John, vi., 60,70), 