HOLLYGROVE HOUSE. A Mvsterv. — Ik Fovn Cuaptkks. (All the Year Sound.) CHAPT£R III. — (OOKTISVSD.) They were uiore silent than usual. Cissy was graver than I had ever seen her, and from the moment she ap peared Templar had ears or eyes for no one else. As to Kathleen, she scarcely uttered a word, aud the greet ing she had for me was icily polite. I was greatly taken aback. Was the woman w UUac wsuuduui v^ co linu iuuiv^u so sweetly into mine a few hours ago 1 Was she a contemptible coquette after all, aud unworthy of the deep lovo I had so freely bestowed upon her ! I was perplexed beyond words, and not caring to be trifled with in this silly fashion, betook myself to the morning room, where I sulked over a novel for a while. Outside the snow fell, faster and faster. The bitter wind wailed amongst the leafless trees, and every thing looked dreary and hopeless. ' Major Tottenham.' I spra«g ; up she was standing at my side, her sweet face very pale, her soft lips quivering, stammered. She flushed a little, and made an effort to speak, failed, gathered up strength, and went on : ' I have a question to ask,' she said. 'You will answer it truly, won't you V I was not sure of that. If she asked me anything concerning the events of the previous night, was I not deter mined to deceive her t Not quite ready to give her an answer, and rather, confused by her presence, I faltered out a word or two — I knew not what. It seemed, howtwer, to satisfy her. M Will you tell «ne the reason ? ' she paused, blushing furiously. I was perplexed utterly, but still the lie was on my lips. 'Burglars, I assure you Miss Maguire. Charlie was so afraid of Mrs. Severn's diamonds being stolen.' She vnade a little impatient gesture. *' I don't mean Jast night. I mean — that is— please, please, don't — don't come back. I am not very nervous, but — you have frightened me often enough.' 'I, Miss Mflguire?' I cried. 'I frighten you ? How — when ?' 'Last night.',-- ~ 'Last night f' 'Yes, of course. You know.' 'I know nothing. I would lay down my life sooner than give you a moment's uneasiues.' She turned her head away. I fancied I heard a little sol). I sprang to her side. ' Kathleen, d«arest,' I wispered ; ' how have 1 distressed you 1 What liave I done V She was crying outright now, and I — well, 1 hat*: to see a woman cry, and I made the best attempt in my power at consolation. I don't think in thin case I was quite as (successful as I could have wished, for she Only sobbed the inor»s ; however, I got my arms well round her and held her fast. She did not push me away. I wemed to have drifted suddenly into Paradise, when — hang him ! — Kedfern's gay voice came ringing upon my ears trolling out : 'Gin & body kiss a body, Need * body cry V Kathleen started away and fled, and 1 turned savagely on the young man, who was standing leaning against the coiiiervatory door, laughing tnem3y. *' SSo that's your little game, is it, Major Tott t' he said. ' Loug runs the fox, but hij's caught at last. ' Pon my word, you're a lucky dog.' ' I haven't to thank you very much for my good fortune,' I retorted angrily, ' 5fo, faith,' he said bitterly ; ' I'd have spoilt it for you if I could, but — I wish you joy.:1 He turned on his heel and vanished amongest the leaves and bright blossoms. What could he mean 1 Had be been eiideavouriug to keep us apart? Perhaps so. There could be no other meaning to his words; but there, what mysterious offence had I committed ! what had I done to annoy the woman whom I loved, and who, as I now believed, loved me? I rose up determined to see her, and hear from her own lips the accusation she had to bring against me. 1 went into the drawing-room ; she was not there. I looked into the hall, it was empty ; only a roaring fire lit it up from end to end. I do.tertuiued to wait there by thu blazing hearth until she appeared, feeling sure she had taken refuge in her own room. I felt half dazed with happiness as I stood looking into the glowing depths of the big fire. What was I that i. should win such a woman? What had she seen to love in me ? Ah ! she should never, never have cause to repent hor choice, my darling Kate. The evening shadows were closing in fast by this, and the hull was growing flarker and darker, each moment. The wide passage opposite the fire place was dimly lit by the glass door beyond. I was looking away from the fire for a moment, when a figure coming swiftly up this passage caught my attention. Severn, I thought, and inade a step forward. I would tell him at once of the new relationship between Kathleen and myself. As I stepped off the hearthrug, my foot caught in some thing, I know not what, but iu glancing down to sen, I took my eyes off the approaching figure for an instant. When I looked up it was gone. I dashed in the passage, shook the library door, which was (irmly locked, ran back, and rushed up the wide stairs like a madman. 1 first ran into \ny own room. It was dark, for ueithur fire nor lamps had been lighted, but I groped round it as best I could, and found nothing. When I returned to the gallery, Kent and Paul were light ing the lamps below, and everything looked bright and cheerful, only ? My heart gave a sudden bound ; here she was coming towards me, my sweet Kate ; but why was her face no cold and stem 1 I sprang to her. She drew back. 'No. How can I think you — you care for me when you will persist in this folly 1' She paused, a sudden per plexed expression coming into her sweet face. « How did you gftfc out of my room?' she asked. ' If there is a secret door ? ' ' Kathleen,' I cried, putting a hand on her shoulder aud holding her fast, ' what do you mean t Can it be possible you think I have been trying to — to frighten you ? That you imagine ? My darling girl, what is it you imagine 1' 11 1 imagine nothing,' she said, her soft lips quivering. ' Only — I — I have been so angry with you.' ' What for, my dearest f I gasped out. ?' For — for — coming iuto my room in the unwarrantable way you have done these three evenings.' ' Kathleen ! 1 ? Why do you say such a thing? I cried in amazement. ' Can you think me capable of such a thing ? No wonder you were cold to me if you believed I could dare ? ' I paused, she grow so white that she alarmed me. Was she going to faint ? ' Bayard,' she gasped out, looking into niy faco with wide-open terrified eyes, ' Do you mean to say you have not come into my room, stood for a moment insirlo the door, and then crossed on tiptoe to the dressing-room beyond. ' Most certainly I have not been guilty of such an unpardonable thing,' I said. 'How could you accuse me of it?' She trembled from head to foot. ' I do not understand,' she faltered. ' Nor do I. Why do you imagine it V I asked, drawing her near to me. ' Because none of them are as tall as you, and, oh ! I was so angry, so grieved,' She did not draw away from me. No, I fancied she seemed rathpr to cling to ine. I drew her a little nearer ' Did you see my face f' I asked, bending very close to her. ' No. That was the odd part of it, you never looked at me. I Iwgan to — to think you were acting ghost just to frighten me.' ' Hallo !' Tills time it was Severn who came upon ub, and he socu grow grave enough when I told him Kath leen's story. ' By Jove, it's uncommonly queer,' he said. 'Would you mind our taking a look into that dressingroom, Kit1' 'I wish of all things that you would do so,' she said eagerly, and we went to her room. It was the same shape and size as my own, only a small oblong room opened off it at one side, and a great wardrobe almost filled the opposite wall. Sewrn, a lighted candle in his hand, flung open the door leading into the little room beyond, but started back almost overpowered by the dis gusting charnel-house smell which filled it. Kathleen clung shivering to my arm. ' Oh, what is it? What can it be ?' she gasped. I soothed her to the best' of my power, and, bidding her wait in the outer room, followed Charlie into the dim chamber. It was fitted up prettily to match the liedroom, in soft grey a rose-coloured cretonne — just a pretty modern room, with a few knick knacks on the niantle-shelf, a big bath leaning against the wall, and a few prints hanging from a cornice. There was absolutely nothing more, and nothing to account for the dreadful suielL 'This is most extraordinary,' Severn said. ' I am begiuiug to think there must be something very odd about the place. What made you think it was Tottenham, Kit?' She looked shyly into my face, and blushing deeply, said : ' Well, he's the tallest of you all, and tlie slimmest, you know, and the man I saw was very tall and thin.' ' Did you see his face ?' ' No, 1 do not ; the head was turned away.' 'What sort of clothes did h« w-\ir ?' ' A loose black coat — no, something more like a cloak.' Severn and I exchanged 'lances. ' You see, I was so startled, and so annoyed, that I did not say anything,' she went ok. ' Indeed, this evening 1 only saw the figure reflected in my looking-glass. Before I turned round he had i^one in there and closed tiip. door. I was very much offended ant! 1 ? ' She falterod, blushed even a deeper rose, us she turned hpr sweet eyes on me again, ere she went on. ' I resolved to tell Etty all about, it' Charlie put a hand on her shoulder. ' Will you do me a favour, Kit ?' In said earnestly. ' Don't say anything about this to Etty : she's a nervous little soul, and I'd rather she didn't hear of it. Bayard and the rest of us saw something very queer in the gallery last nigh1-. ; that was why we made you sleep in Cissy's room. Wo intend to be on the look out to-night, and you'll stay withCiss, won't you, Kit, and just make up some story for her edification ? Will you, Kit ? ' I will,' she said firmly. ' But tell me one thing, do you think the house is — haunted 1' She sank her voice to a whisper as she asked the question. ' I don't know what it is,' Charlie answered, turning away, and the three descended the stairs ami appeared at the tea-table together. I had a delicious half-hour with Kathleen in the tiiorning-rooin hoforc the dressing bell laug, and, truth to tell, I had half forgotten the mysterious figure when I hurried to my room to dress. Nothing occurred to break my dreamy, delightful mood. I took her in to dinner, sat beside her, toucbod her hand, etc. We have all gone through the same sort of thing, only it's like measles, you have it all the more severely the older you are when it attacks you, and mine was a very bad case. (To be Continued.) 