COLONIAL TELEGRAMS, : ♦ . ' —— . VICTORIA. [From our own Correspondent.] Melbourne. March 1. I \- . Mr. R. M. F. Murray, the Government geological surveyor advises the Government to sink for artesian wells on the plains from Donaid to the Murray river. He has little \- doubt that if efforts are made to secure water in this way.they will be attended with success. Slight showers fell over parts of the colony on Sunday-and Monday, but the rain did not . 'last. 7" ." . In., the northern; districts great relief is ; being afforded to-the inhabitants through the running of water trains. The railway extension to Donald will pro bably, be.open for traffic.on Friday morning. A great quantity of wheat is stacked at that town waiting for the opening of the line. 9 p.m. The Melbourne General Sessions of the Criminal Court were opened to-day.; There are no cases of importance to be taken. • The trial of James "William Thomson, late . a land agent, on a charge of obtaining £1,003 by means of false pretences and secreting a title.deed, which has occupied-the attention of the Central Criminal Court for the last six " days, was brought to a,conclusion to-day, the jury finding the prisoner guilty on the first \- count," He was remanded for sentence, The-'case of Mr. F. S. Stephens, jun., who claimed £1,000damages from the Board of Land and Works for injuries received at the late Jolimont railway accident, has been heard at the Supreme Court. The jury brought in a verdict for £550. The Crown again did not defend the case, and mei'ely asked the jury to assess the damages. Messrs. Sutherland & Thompson- have obtained a splendid cake of gold weighing 243 ounces, from 195 loads of stone taken from the Phoenix reef, Chinaman's Flat, near Rushworth. This is the third lot of stone put through the mill during the last six months^ The reef is three feet thick. Shaw's Eleven, with the Victorian com tingent of the Australian Eleven, left for Sydney to-day. A special meeting of the Cabinet has been summoned for to-morrow morning early,.to consider.the reeomm: ndations of ..the police commission. Flour is quic? at fro; £11 to £11.2s. fid; \- There has been an t-;; riant rise in wheat , since.yesterday oveifi ag. - At auction "wheat opened to-day at 5s. ii^d., but later on.5s.;Sd; . was obtained. 11 o'clock. The Government have decided to . call for tenders for repairs to the Cerberus, and also to telegraph" home to the Acting Agent-General to purehaseJour Nordenfeldt guns, and six seven-inch broadside gunsfor thearmament of 7 the Nelson, The cost of .the guns is estimated ■ : at £8,500. • The water famine is exhibiting an alarming '"inereasc in 'the country districts. \- The Treasmer reports that the revenue for • February was very large. It amounted to £500,000, being "£52,000 over the receipts during the corresponding month last -year. This increase is due chiefly to the payments in respect of Customs and railways. The selectors' returns which have been paid in ex ceed the estimatedreturns by£207,000. Djuring the last two months the revenue receipts.have .been about £1,035,000, which is at the rate of £6,200,000 per annum. The: Treasurer lias •purchased £1,000 worth of Treasury bonds, and is. in-treaty for the balance, which-still amounts to £2S,000. The Minister, of Lands informed a depu tation to-day- that the Government had determined to drain the Kooweerup swamp in South Gippsland. This swaiiip com prises ■ 50,000 acres of land which, when ..drained, would be very valuable. The estimated : cost of the drainage i is £1 per acre. An offer was made to; the Go vernment by a .company of English capitalists for the purchase of the swamp at 25s. per acre, the company under taking' to drain.it, but'the offer was not entertained. • ' \- The following are the players- from winch a team is to be selected to represent Victoria in-the forthcoming cricket match with South Australia:—Baker, Minchin, Rosscr, Slight, Kelly, Couithard, Logan, Moule, Groube, McShane, Scott, Trapp, _ Morris, : Stokes, Turner, LawleiyG. Mackail. . The betting on the.V.R.C. Autumn Meeting ■is very languid. For the St. Leger 2 to 1 against Darebin' is offered, and 4 to.l against Commotion. For the Cup 100 to 9 is offered against Suwarrow and First Water, 100 tb 6 against Wellington, Hesperian, and-Royal Maid; 100 to 5 against- Saimterejiy 10Q to 4 against Blue Ribbon. Newmarket, 100 to 5 Surrey and Larperit, and lOO to 4 against Verdure, Venture, Ghost, and : Tyropean. •Romany, Merman, Baltic, Enh'cess,J'and Alice have been scratched-for the"Sfc Lemr. . Sailed—Lyeemoon - and: Cheviot," ® for ' Sydney^ South Australian, fouAdelaide, y ; _ : .V ■; Midnight, i The Government conteiuplate the reorgani ■ Eation-of the paid artillery-corps on the_same • basis'as that disbanded by theBerty'Gbvernt ment. If any necessity; arises immediatp steps will be taken for the formation of thp corps, but if no urgent need occurs the Par liament •will be iirst consulted. The Governor of the Melbourne gaol has been summoned by the health authorities for allowing offensive matter to flow from the •gaol into open gutters. The Cabinet will deal shortly with the question of the cultivation of the wattle on ;:r an extensive scale, as their attention is being s directed to the decrease in the number of • those trees by the chairman of the tariff commission. The evidence of tanners taken at a meeting of the commission was to the effect that .unless something is done the wattle will be exterminated here in a few years. • 