The weather in Cooiua yesterdny was windy. Lnndon ' Tmtli ' says that if the masses could be persuaded to eat fruit after their incala drunkenness would ceuss to-be the reproach nf 13rit:iiii'as a nation. A mining cnrrcspomUjnt \mtill!{ from Forbes, staHMiat 'dx flRslioaJiist washed in tho Bald Sill gild- mining claim, yielded lib weight of guld.' The Temliorannn lindv urn. rlorArminnd t.n rote fov Sir Henry Parkes and his partv. On Tuesday morning the largest simfish ever caught in the harbour of Port Jackson was captured near Mr. Chadwick'a n'li.irf, aftur verv considerable difficulty. When landed, it was found to bo 8 feet 0 inches long, 5 foot 3 inches wide, and 10 feut in diameter. It lias been presented bf Mr. Climdwick to tho Sydnoy Museum. Tlie cause of the fusikde of oranges, eg«s, &c;, made upon tlio city west hust ings on tho occasion of the declaration of tho poll, and of which reporters felt the full brunt, wits a pairof gold-rimmed spectacles worn by a Press man, who constantly shifted them as ho surveyed (ho crowd, arid thus brought the full force of their ammuni tion upon himself, colleagues, and others. A magistrate of the territory, who acted as deputy returning officer, for an electorate not a thousand miles from Sydney, has scut in his claim for servieoa rendered in canvaasing for a rejected candidate to the tune of 30s., nnd has boon paid this amount. London, December 10. — Despite tlio ef forts of the brigadna, the fire in Wond streetbroke out jvfres!; yesterday (Saturday), resulting in the destruction Of a second range of buildings, occupied by JlesBrs. Sieber. Fleming, and Co., warehousemen. — Evening News. A caae of wife desertion was heard on Tuesday morning at tlie Water Police Ciurt, which afforded considerable amuso ment to those present. Gustavo Jlusen dahl, cooper, who spofco with a strong German accent, was put forward, on re mand, charged with deserting his wife. Tlio parties had been married since 1876, and the wife complained of several deser tions during the intervening period. The defendant was now iu the employment of Mr, Graham, breivor, of Oniuife, at £3 10s. per woek, and out of this sum the com plainant claimed £1. Tlio dafeudant was examined, and stated that lie was willing to keep liis wife ' like a iady,' btit lie would not support her brothers nnd sisters. Whon he wot leaving for Orange she said it was a 'good riddance of bad rubbish.' Her brothers had knocked Jiim down and kicked him repeatedly. Edward Crane, Darlinsliurst. brother-in-law to defendant.. said that llosendahl challenged him to fight, and when ho accepted the challenge Eosendahl rnu away. (Laughter.) The complainaut was re-called, and said that when sober her husband earned £3 and £4 per week, but he. was constantly drunk. Defendant: ' I am a teetotaller, old girl !' (Laughter.) He added that the coopers of Sydney were all driving caba, or loafing around, there being no work for them. Mr. Marsh made an order for 15a. * week maintenance, apparently to the dissatisfac tion of the complainant, who nskod that her husband should bo forced to give bail for the, payment of the amount— Evening News. Hat, Tuesday. — A. fire occurred on Sun* day morning in the shop of IJr, Silk, tailor, which was totally destroyed, irith the stock, .Several other shops, &c;, were gutted. The cause of tlie fire cannot be ascertained, bnt it is supposed to have been due to the explosion of a lamji. Hid there been any wind at the time, one aide of Hie street .waiild have been destroyed. Hardly a ghost of a cheer could be raised in Cooma on Thursday; the elec tioneering . agents .'did net influence the popnlar Vole* hit :tn fact, JTr, Badgery could wall JiavB dispensed with tie half dozen bnttohnoler* who tapped Hie drum for bin j they did him more tarm than goal,--- -r'i-ii' ';.;:?!?, -- '?' ?;?,?? -^?'?- ' : *fo. Mqnjrb, belongs the distin guished tonor of returning two Qt-- vernment (candidates withoutaskiDg be reaeon jvhy. -? ? 