ROME. The Canonisation. (From the Tahlff.) The eeromony of tlie canonisation of the blessed Giovanni Battista do Bossi, canon of Sta. Maria in Cosmodin ; Father Lorenzo da "Brindisi, Capuchin of the Minor Observants of St. Francis ; Benedict Joseph Labrc, layman : end Sister Clare of the Cross, of Monte, i aleo, A ugustinian nun, was performed on the 8th of Oecember in the great hall over •die portico of St. Peter’s. This hall was beautifully decorated and prepared for the occasion under the direction of Commenda iore Fontana, Vatican architect, with the ap proval of the. Holy Father himself, who care fullv inspected the arrangements. The hall was not adorned with glaring draperies, but n the s'mplest. taste. The walls, divided already into huge, recesses for windows look ing on ere' side into the piazza, on the other into The Basilica, were further subdivided by festoons of flowers and eandelahra, reaching in lines from the ceiling to near the ground. The cornice was equipped with a double row of lights, extending all round the hall, one row being perfectly even, and the upper being here and there diversiiied by slight elevations of the lamps. The prevailing colours in the decorations of the walls were white and gold, which were set off admir able by the festoons of flowers. The Papal ihmne'erected at the far end of the hall had over it the legend “ Ubi Petrus ibi Fcclesia." The altar in the midst before the throne was covered by a lofty baldacchiuo. the four columns and the angels supporting them being richly gilt. Between tin? throne and the altar were the benches tor the cardinals and archbishops, and at the other side of the altar were seats for the bishops, mitred abbots, and prelates. A harrier similar to il,u k tp > Sistine Chapel divided the space i,,t<i two portions, one for the Pope, cardinals, and ecclesisstics, tin; other for the general public. All along the centre of the hall a passage was kept clear by the- Palatine and Swiss Guards. The recesses of the windows, the walls being of great, thickness, afforded ample room for the erection of tribunes and galleries. The ton recesses, five on the side of the piazza and live looking into the Basi lica, were accordingly utilised by the erection in each of three tiers of seats with staircases. The ten tribunes thus provided were dis tinguished by letters. A. to K. The tribune A. to the left of the Papal throne, and gospel side of the Papal altar, was reserved for the Grand Master of the Order of Malta with three knights, the president and four postu Jators of the respective causes and friends of the Secretary of State. Tribune B. was allocated to the prelates and consulators of the Congregation of Mites, and to friends of the Ma jordomo. Tribune C. was given to the postulation committee of Blessed John Bap- | tist Do Rossi ; I). to the postulation corn- i niittce of Blessed .Joseph Labre ; and E. to the commission of the Congregation of Rites. At the right of the tin-one, and epistle side of the Papal altar, tribune F. was reserved for the diplomatic body ; G. for the Pecci family and the Roman nobles ; II. for the Roman nobles and the Papal choir ; I. for the postu lation of Blessed Lorenzo da Brindisi ; and I\\. for the postulation of Blessed Clara da Montefalco. The seats in the body of the hall were allotted, those on the left as one enters, to ladies, those on the right, to gentle men. In all the tribunes the ladies were separated from the gentlemen, and the tickets of admission, as well to the tribunes as to the body of the hall, were personal, and not trans ferable. Twelve standards painted to repre sent miracles or scenes in the lives of the new saints were suspended at intervals along the walls of the hall and ante-chamber. Eight o’clock fi.ni. was the hour mentioned for the arrival on the tickets of admission, but as early as six o’clock a.m. people drove to the bronze gate which was then, of course, closed. The cardinals, archbishops, and bishops, the ambassadors and Roman nobles, drove round by the Zecca, and all other per sons were directed to the bronze gate, and long before eight o’clock a.m. the Seal a Regia was crowned by some hundreds of ladies and gentlemen all anxious to got the first places. The Palatini' guards formed a cordon at the head of the stairs, and allowed only a few to pass ;it a time, in order to give time for close ; examination of the tickets. By nine a.m. j the seats in the hod)7 of the hall were Idled, i and the tribunes nearly so. | Shortly after nine a.m. the Pope, accom panied by the Majoidomu, Master of the | Camera, Noble Guards and Chamberlains (lay ! and clerical) on duty, left his private apart i men Is and descended to the hall dei Paramenti, I in which were already assembled the Cardi ! nals (forty-two in number), the Archbishops : (sixty-live or more), the Bishops (seventy | live), the Abbots (only four or five), the i Generals of Orders, Vatican Penitentiaries, j A’atican prelates and ollicials, and the eonsul j tors of the Congregation of Rites. The Mope ! then robed in the sacred vestments with the 1 Papal mantle, and put on the tiara, and after I blessing the incense, entered the adjoining ! Sala Ihicalc, where he laid aside the tiara and i knelt in prayer at an altar erected for the | purpose, and adorned by a tapestry picture of | the Immaculate Conception. The Pope, on j rising from prayer, intoned the first words of the hymn “ Ave Maris Stella,” which was I sung by the Papal choir, and, assuming the mitre, entered the “ sedia gestatoria,” and was presented by Cardinal Bartoliui, Procu rator of the Canonisation, with three lighted waxen candles, richly painted. The largest of these the Pope handed to the Prince As sistant at the Tlmtnc (Colonna), who knelt j to receive it, and the smallest lie look in his j left hand, leaving his right hand free to im j part the Benediction. A procession was then formed in the fol lowing order :—Two mace-bearers : under ollieers : consultnrs and officers of the Con grcgalimi of rites ; members of the ('appella Pont ifieia, i.<Procurators, Apostolic Preacher, Confessor, Proctors General of Mendicant Orders, Bussolanti, chaplains in ordinary, some of them bearing the Pope’s precious mitres, chirks and private chaplains, the Pro-. curator-Gcneral del Pisco and Consistorial Advocates, the (’ameriere d’< ‘nore and Se greti, and the singers of the Papal choir ; various A’atican prelates : two private chap lains hearing the tiara and mitre usuallv worn by LcoXUI. ; Prince Ruspoli, Master of tin' Sacred Hospice, attended by mace-bearers and ('ursori. Next came a “ Yotunte di Segnafura ” with incense, the Junior Auditor of the Rota, as sub-deacon apostolic, bearing the Papal Cross, and surrounded by seven acolytes with lighted wax candles, and followed by the “ Yirga Rubea,” or keeper of the Papal cross, j and Auditor of the Bota and two Greeks, liabited in sacred vestments for serving as subdeaeons at the Mass. Then in white copes advanced the Vatican Penitentiaries ; the Abbots-General ; the Connnendatore di S. Spirito; the Abbots Ordinary, all in white damask copes and white mitres ; the Bishops and Archbishops, non-assistant and assistant at the throne, wearing copes of silver cloth and with white mitres. Afterwards the Cardinals, the deacons first in riel) silver dalmatics, embroidered in gold, then the priests in copes ; and lastly, the Cardinal Bishops in copes, all wearing damask mitres, and holding in their hands lighted wax candles, each attended by trainbearer and officials ; next the prince (Colonna), as sistant at the throne ; two auditors of the Beta ; the two first deacons assistant (Cardi nals Mertel and liandi), with Cardinal Zig liiira as acting deacon ministrant between them : the prefect of pontifical ceremonies (Mgr. Cataldi) and a master of ceremonies in iittendance. Next came the Bope in the “ Media gesta toria,” attended by the Foriere (Marchese Sacchetti) and the Cavallerizzo (Marchese Serlupi), and carried by Palafrenieni and Sediari, wearing red damask liveries ; and with a baldacchino held over him by eight referendary prelates of the Segnatura (of whom Mgr. Stonor was one) ; the tiabelli or peacock funs being carried at either side. Immediately behind his Holiness followed the commandants and officers of the Noble Guard, the officers of tire Swiss and Palatine Guards of Honour, the sword- bearers, mace bearers, the l>ean of the Kota'crarrying the mitre, the Majordomo (Mgr. Bicci-Paracciani), the master of the camera (Mgr. Mucchi), the protonotaries “ Partecipanti,” and some gene rals of Religious Orders. This procession issuing from the Sala Du cale, went round the Aula Begia and entered the Sistine Chapel, where the Pope alighted from the “ sedia gestatoria,” and knelt before the Blessed Sacrament. The procession, when the Pope re-entered the “ sedia,” re sumed its course to the hall of canonisation, the Papal choir, at the entrance of his Holi ness. singing the “ Tu es Petrus.” The scene, as viewed from the upper galleries of the tribunes, at the entrance of the procession, was strikingly beautiful. A soft golden light pervaded the hall ; the tribunes were filled with Ambassadors in rich uniform, nobles and gentlemen wearing brilliant decorations, Capuchins in sombre brown, and Augustinians in black robes. The crimson plumes of the Palatine Guards formed a double line in the midst of the hall : then came slowly marching the various Vatican officials, some in red and white robes, inter spersed with the Spanish costumes of black velvet and the silver maces, next the long anil apparently interminable rows of white mitres with a few red crowns studded with jewels of Armenian and Criental prelates, the Cardinals in their rich robes, and the great officers of State, and most observed of all, Leo XIII. himself, giving his Benedic tion to the kneeling crowds and looking every inch the Supreme Pontiff of the Catho lic Church. When the barrier was passed his Holiness banded his waxen torch to the Cnp piere (Monsignor Boccali), and the second Cardinal Deacon removed the tiara. The Pope then knelt in prayer at the fald-stool before the throne, and on rising took his seat on the throne, again wearing the mitre. Fourteen of the senior Archbishops and Bishops sat on the steps of the throne. The Cardinals sat on longitudinal benches at either side of the space before the throne, and behind them* sat the Archbishops. The Bishops, Abbots, Penitentiaries, and Vati can prelates sat on cross benches ranged between the altar and the barrier. The Cardinals, Archbishops, Bishops, Abbots, and prelates then, one by one and in order and rank, went up to the throne and paid their respective homages. They then resumed their seats, each retaining in his hand a lighted candle. The Procurator of the Canonisation, Cardinal Bartolini, and on his left the Consistorial advocate, De Pomenicis Tosti, were then conducted to the foot, of the throne, arid the Dean, in the name of the Cardinal Procurator, made in Latin the first postulation “instanter” for the canonisation, to which a reply, also in Latin, was made in tin* name of the Pontiff, by Monsignor Mercurelli, the Secretary of Briefs to Princes. The Postulators returned to their seats, the Tope left the throne and knelt at the faldstool, and two singers of the Papal choir intoned the Litanies of the Saints, all present kneeling and joining in the re sponses. The Litanies being over, the Pope returned to his throne, and the second postu lation, “ instanter, instantius,” was made, and the secretary replied. Tin? postulators resumed their seats, the Pope again knelt and the first Cardinal Deacon assistant pro nounced the word “ Orate.” All present knelt and prayed until the second Cardinal Deacon assistant said “ Levato.” The Pope and all present then rose, and the Pope in toned the “ Veni Creator Spiritus,” after which he recited the prescribed prayers ; and the third postulation “instanter, instantius, instantissime,” was made and responded to by the secretary. The Pope ntaw stood at the throne, wearing the tiara, and as Doctor Infallible and Head of the Universal Church, pronounced the formal decree of canonisation in the following terms :— 'I' P.AXHI.AT 1( >X. “ To the honour of the Holy and Undivided Trinity, for the glory of the Catholic faith, and for the increase of our holy religion, l>y authority of Our Lord Jesus Christ and of the holy apostles, Peter and Paul, and by Our own authority, after full deliberation, and having often implorod the Divine aid, by desire of Our venerable brethren the Cardinals of the Holy Roman Church, and of the Patriarchs, Archbishops, and Bishops present in the Holy City, We decree and define the Blessed John Baptist Do Rossi, Laurence of Brindisi, and Benedict Joseph Lubre, confessors, and Blessed Clare of the Cross, virgin, to bo saints, and do inscribe them in the catalogue of the saints ; and We ordain that their feasts be devoutly kept each year by the Universal Church as fol lows :—That of John Baptist on the third of May, that of Lawrence on the 7th July, that of Benedict Joseph on the lbth of April, as confessors non- Pontilfs, and that of Clare on the lbth of August as a Virgin. Tn tho name' of the Father f, and of the Son f, and of the llolyj- Ghost. Amen.” On the publication of this decree the Cardinal Procurator and the Consistorial Advocate returned thanks, and prayed for the despatch of the relative apostolic letters. The. Pope replied :—“ 1 tooornimiis ” ; and the Advo cate requested the protonotaries to compile the acts of canonisation. The chief protonotary answered “ Conficiemus ” ; and turning to the Chamberlains, added “voids testibus.” Tin1 trumpets now sounded from the distance, a.nd the bells of St. Peter’s and of all the churches of Lome began to ring a joyful peal. The Pope rose, laid aside the mitre, and intoned the, “ Te Deum,” which was chanted by the Papal Choir. After tho “ Te Deum,” Cardinal Mertel intoned the “Orate pro nobis Sancti Joannes Baptista., Laurenti, Benedicte Joseph et Clara,” the choir responding with “ Ut iligni etiiciamur promissionibus Christi.” The Holy Father then read the “Oremus” proper for the new Saints. The Cardinal Deacon, Cospeller, recited tho Conliteor,” adding, after “ Petro et Paulo,” the words “Sanctis Joanni Baptista1, Laurentio, Benedicto Joseph et Clara1.” Tin* suhdoacon then approached the throne, bearing tho cross, ami Loo XIII. laying aside1 the mitre said the prayer before the benedict ion, adding the names of the new Saints, and then solemnly imparted tho benediction, and the Canonisation ceremonies were concluded. Preparations were then made for the Mass. The. Psalms I'm- Tierce wen1, intoned and the. Pope put on the vestments for Mass. Cardinal Di Pietro was the Assistant Bishop, Cardinals Mertel and Handi the Deacons Assistant, and Cardinal Xigliara was Deacon Minixtrante. The Sub-deacon was Mgr. Sihibia, Auditor of the Ilota. Tho Mass celebrated by the Ilolv Father was that of the Immaculate! Concep tion, with prayers proper for the new Saints. The Gospel and the Epistle, were intoned both in Creek and Latin, and after the Gospel Leo XIII. delivered a homily in which he enlarged on the subject, of the Immaculate. Conception, and deplored tho unfortunate condition of affairs which prevented the celebration of these functions in St. Peter's, arid returned thanks to heaven for the privilege of decreeing divine honours to four heroes of the Church, lie then pronounced an admirable panegyric on tho life and virtues of the four saints, concluding by a prayer for a blessing for the Universal Church through tin1 intercession of the Blessed Virgin and the newly canonised Saints. I'lie hemilv lasted for nearly twenty minutes. During the chanting of the “ Credo,” twelve Cardinals, members of the Congregation of Rites, proceeded to the Pauline Chapel, where the oblations were laid on twelve tab'es. These oblations consisted, for each of the four postu - lations, of live wax candles, two of the weight of thirty Roman pounds each, and three of nine pounds weight each ; two large loaves, one gilt, the other silvered, un silver plates ; wine and water in two small barrels, one gilt, the other silvered ; three cages, one with two turtle doves, the second with two pigeons, the third with some oi'wr birds. The oblations, carried by the pn. ■ iators, were presented to the Pope by Cardinals, namely, the Cardinal Pro curator, Bartolini, a Cardinal Priest and a Cardinal Deacon, all of the Congregation of Rites. Cardinal Bartolini acted for all four postulations, as the Procurator for all the other Cardinals were Di Pietro, Monac o La Valletta, and Do Falloux, for St. John Baptist do Rossi ; Cardinals Sacconi, Oreglia and Pellegrini, for St. Lorenzo da Brindisi , Cardinals Bilio, Mertinelli, and Peeci, for Si Benedict Joseph Lahre : and Cardinals Pitre. Cattani, and Hassoun, for St. Clare of tie Cross. The several oblations as presented tc the Pope were by his Holiness handed to Monsignor Cataldi, Prefect of Pontilirai Ceremonies. The Pope then, after washing his hands continued the celebration of the Mass, mac ing tin' Communion on the throne. The I music chosen for the occasion was Cicilian- s Mass for eight voices with the “ Credo " J’ Yittoria, the “ Tota pulchra ” of Palestrir , and the “O Salutaris IIostia” of Mustafa who directed the choir with his usual con summate skill. At the moment of the devo tion, a melody was sounded by the silve trumpets of the Noble Guards, the musician being stationed out of view, aud above tin cornice of the entrance door. After the eh vation. Baini’s “ Benedictus ” wrs sung by the choir. The Pope, at the termination of tin- ! Mass, laid the Pallium and Maniple upon Le altar, and. putting on the mitre, took his sea’ ’ on the throne. He then exchanged the mi.-r for the tiara, and Cardinal Bartolini, P-o curator of the Canonisation, Mgr. de Mar . , : President of Postulations, and the Postula- ; tors of the four Causes approached the throne, 1 and Cardinal Bartolini, in the name of the ! four postulntors, presented his Holiness with ; a ]Hirse of white velvet, embroidered with gold, and containing the customary “pro missa bene cantata.” The Pope then entered tin; “sedia gestatoria,” the procession was formed, and the Holy Father left the hall j with the same cortege as when he entered it, ! and exhibiting little signs of fatigue, al- | though the ceremonies had lasted from <S.bO j a.m. to TbO p.m. j Cardinal Mertol unfortunately was seized ! with illness during the functions, and his j place as Cardinal-deacon assistant was sup- | plied by another Cardinal. Among the notables present at the canonis ation were Cardinal von Schwarzenberg, the j sole remaining Cardinal of the creation of J (iregory X V I. | Among the British, Dish, and American ! ecclesiastics present were Bishop Hugh Con j wav, of Killala ; Bishop Michael Logue, of Raphoe : Archbishop Allard, formerly Vicar t Apostolic in Natal ; Bishop John Quinlan, of 1 Mobile, F.S.A. ; Bishop John Leonard, Vicar Apostolic, Cape of Good Hope; Bishop | | Patrick Moran, of Dunedin, New Zealand ; ! Bishop Kirby, rector of the Irish college, ! Home; the Abbot Sweeney, O.S.B., who I came specially from Fngland to represent, his i ()rder at the Canonisation : Father Lockhart. | of London ; and Mgr. Staekpoole, Domestic j Prelate to his Holiness. j Among the laity were Lord and Lady ! ( PHagan, the Dowager Lady Hurries, and Miss I Maxwell. 