A REAL GHOST. Mr A. J, Duffield, of Belle Vue House, Newlyn, Penzance, writes to the Spectator as follows :— If I were to tell you that I have seen and analysed the waters of a river which runt two degrees north of the Equator, and found in those waters 11 per oj»nt. of sulnhuric acid and li per cent, of hydrochloric, I might cause some surprise, but little or no incredulity, even if I were to add the little-known fact that in that region of the world there is thrown away m twenty-four hours more of those two acids than is artificially produced in Europe in a year. But if I tell you that I once saw, outside my fancy, a woman who was 2,000 miles off at the time, I shall not only be generally disbelieved but laughed at as well. I have often told the story in private Hfe, but not till now have I told it in print. Twenty-three years ago as I was looking out of the wiudow of General Torico's rancho at Chorillos, ten miles south of Lima, Peru, there passed by several ladies and gentlemen on horseback. A lady, whom I will call Mrs Morena, (the Spanish ren dering of a common English name), was one of the gay cavalcade. She was so beau tiful, that I have remembered her face with the ease with which I am able to recall the Victoria Regia, or the yellow convolvulus, or the bine orchid, as when I first saw those beautiful flowers in their naJive lands. I had never spoken with Mrs. Morena, or her husband, who accompanied her, and who was then on his way to Jauja, from the United States, to get healed of consumption. Three years ago, as one morning I lay musing in my bunk in a Cunard steamer crossing the Atlantic in full daylight and having my eyes wide open, Mrs. Morena came into my cabin, and, to my sorrow, went out of it as quickly as she came in. Thereupon I rose, bathed, dressed and went up to breakfast. It was late; the saloon was nearly deserted, and I found only two fellow-passengers talking together and eating ham and eggs. I had never seen either. The common name of Morena was mentioned, between the two, and I, being full of my vision, remarked, at a venture to him who sat next to me, ' Mrs. Morena is more plump than she was twenty years ago.' My neighbor turned on me a quiet look of inquiring surprise. Putting his' hand into the breast-pocket of his coat, he drew out one of those excellent photographs for which some American photographs are so celebrated. ' Is that the lady you mean P' he gently demanded, and I answered, 'Certainly, and you see she is rather stouter.' ' When did you see her last t was the next question; and I answered, ' This moring.' The gentleman with the photograph was Mr Morena, the husband of my beautiful lady. We became friends, we had many social yarns together ; he told me of his residence in Jauja, of the complete cure of his lungs, the number of bis children, and many more dear, delight ful, household things, in which I had no interest. He invited me to his house. On our arrival at New Tork, Morena tele graphed to his wife, who replied whilst he waited in the telegraph office, that they were all quite well at home. Nothing happened. I had not, to my recollection, thought of the Morenas for years before. Is it very difficult to understand, when two or three are met together under certain given circumstances, that a real presence may be vouchsafed to each P 