WEDNESDAY, APRIL 19, 1882. IN reviewing the annual report of the director of the Botanic Garden a few days ago considerations of space prevented us from referring to the experiments made last year by Dr. Schomburgk. Tliis por tion of the doctor's yearly statements is by uo moans the least interesting, and it becomes the more so this year, inasmuch as he has placed himself en n>ppit,i * with the various branches of the Farmers' Association, amongst which he hai distributed a small quantity uf seed wheat to be grown in ali parts of the colony. It was requested tiiat reports might be furnished by theiu as to the results of their experiments, and in the return now before us a number of these axe published. The kinds witii which experiments have been made are two in number; the one a South African variety known as the " Du Toils'' wiiejit, and the other au English soil, the " April" or " Twenty Weeks" wheat}; Great hopes were centred upou this Litter wheat, inasmuch as it comes to maturity at an earlier period than other descrip tions, and by the time red rati generally makes its appearance —in September and October—has reached a sufficient develop ment to withstand its attacks, and tills aud ripens despite the rust. The Government also procured another variety known as "Defiance," from America, which was distributed among the Farmers' Associa tions. A great number of reports on the growth of these wheats have been received by Dr. Scbombuigk, aud enable a tolerably accurate opinion to lie formed, although it should be said that the "Du Toit" wheat arrived iu South Australia rather too late to receive a fair trial. A3 regards tliis wheat the prevailing opinion would appear to be that it yields a good flour, also stools welL The "Twenty Weeks" wheat appears to have grown well, and to bave enjoyed an exemption from rust; but inasmuch as this scourge did not make its appearance in those parts of the country where the seed was tried, its properties in this respect cannot lie said to have been fairly tested. It proved, however, to be a strong healthy plant, but "on account of its bdng heavily bearded, and the grain being of a coarse and flinty character," it apparently did not meet the approval of the farmers who gave it a triaL The third sample—the " Defiance" —seems to have found most favor, al though it has not yielded grain as good as that usually raised iii South Australia* but it is admitted that thia_wheat has not yet been afforded a fair chance of showing its capabilities. One farmer's report on this variety is interesting. He received 1 lb. of the "Defiance" seed, and sowed one lialf on May 2, and the rest on June 23 ; from which he lias received a return of 50 lbs. of seed. His wheat crop *3? attacked by rust, but the ''?Defiance" withstood it, only a few holms being attacked. A trial of these wheats was also made in the Botanic Garden by Dr. Schoniburgk, the result of which waa that he found the "Du Toits" variety to lie the most promising. On this point he writes:—"Although sown so late as the 20th July, and taking into account the dry spring and summer, the wheat has not had a fur triaL Never theless it stooled well, and produced fino heads. The grain being of a fair plump size, of good color, and seeming also to be of a gcod T?nii_ng quality, I do cot doubt but that it will become a favorite with the farmen." As regards the "Defiance" wheat, he states that it was very small and of inferior quality, but "die plants displayed great produc tiveness, vigor, and hardness." He further states that he has found a great improvement in the size and plumpness of the grain as compared with the original wheat received from America* It may be hoped that further experiments will be made thia year with this variety to test thoroughly its rust withstanding properties as well as its value for milling purposes. The extreme dryneis which was en countered last year has not been without some good effects. It has enabled n fair teat t.. be made of those fodder plants and grasses, which are recommended to South Australian farmers in consequence of their alleged drought-withstanding capacity, and it is gratifying to learn that as far as the majority of them are concerned, the statements on this head are correct- Dr. Schomburgk especially recommends a few to the notice of agriculturists. Four kindsftf new- millet, viz., the " Dhowra," "Kenney's Eariy Amber Sugarcane," "Red Imphe," and "Dwarf Browu Corn," he has found to be extremely hardy. He says —" lam now confident that these four kinds are destined to prove of immense value for the South Austra lian climate, not only in regard to their hardness, but alao to their being peren nials, and the third year's growth beiug even more vigorous than that of the first 'anil second." The perennial property of the plants was at first unknown to the d<>ctor, ami after the seeds had been gathered he cut down the plants, only to find that in the ensu ing spring they were sprouting a^ain. " Without having the slightest care be stowed upon them, without watering, and notwithstanding tiie severe drought, they show a vigorous growth and liavo reached a height of from 4 to 5 feet." Dr. Schomburgk recommends fanners lo make a trial of theae useful fodder plants, and it may be hojied that his advice will lie followed. The seed he mentions should be sown in the oommencemeut of Sep tember in drills from 16 to 24 inches apait, and the distance f:>m plant to plant should tie about lti inches on account of their lutbtt of tillering. There is another kind of fodder plant which has been found to grow vigorously iu this colony—the "Tagosaste"—of wliich cattle and sheep are very foud, and which might be turned to good account in droughty seasons by shoepfannere. Many of the specimens in the garden have reached the height of from 8 to 10 feet in two year 3, aud the Tagosaste has shown ittclf to he extremely rigorous. Atteutiou was called to tliis plant last year by the d<<ctor, and he then offered to provide any applicant with seed, but only one or two persons availed themselves uf the oiler. The doctor flints out that it would speedily l>ecome acclimatised, aud would lie edito rially valuable upon sheepruns. Several grasses have withstood the drought well, amongst others being the "' smooth stalked meadow grass," which is pr<> iiiiuuced to be one of die most durable j and useful gi-aaaes yet introduced into tliis colony, forming a good turf notwith standing the severest drought. It will be \ iviuemlieivd that iu his report, last year the doctor uieiiti. .ned having received some seeds of tiie wild vine of California, the ''VitisCalifornia^" Owingtotheseod liaviug become damp while iu transit, its cultivation lias not proved entirely suc cessful, but the plants which Dr. Schom burgk has been able to raise are doing well. He recommends vignerons to use them for gi- aftiug Soutli Australian vines upon, as they are said to be entirely proof against the attacks of the phylloxera, which lias already commenced to extend its lavages to Australia. i Thk statement of the revenue and expen- I diture for the quarter ended 31st March, \ L-H&2, is now in print. Nearly three weeks ago the approximate statement of tiie revenue appeared, and the difference between tiiat and the actual audited state ment is very slight. The revenue for the year ltt6l-i was estimated by the Trea surer last November at £g,0(i3,73t0. The receipts for the nine mouths ended 31st fiinrch of this year were closu upon £1,725,000; the receipts for the March quarter were £071,052 13s. 2d., so tiiat there can scarcely be a tlouUt tiiat the accounts f< >r the financial year ending 30th June will show a handsome excess < >ver the official^ estimate made live mouths ago. The expenditure for the qtiart-.u- was £515,(543 7s. twi., or more than £50,000 under the revenue for the same period. The expenditure for the year ending 31st ult. was £2,09!>,i?23 15s. 7<!. ; the receipts, £2,2-24,74<i Life. (id. Th * Trea surer way confidently rely upon having to announce a cash surplus instead of a debit balauce when he makes his nest budget si>eech. The quarter's expendi ture was greater by about £45,003 thau tluit of the corresponding period of 1881, but of this increase nearly £Lt,ooo is due to an increase m the interest ou the national debt. Then it seems a-, if the repeal of the retiring allowance provisions of the Civil Service Act has driven out of the ranks of public officials a number of gentlemen who chose to take the oppor tunity afforded of pocketing what retiring allowance was due to them up t ._> date, and departing. Whereas in the March quarter of 1881 only £3,533 17s. lid. was [laid for pensions, re tiring allowances, aud gratuitiet, over | £15,000 was paid under that head last quarter. Part of the increases are mere bookkeeping increases. Thus there is nearly £12,000 down for tiie Customs arrangement with New South Wales, whereas nothing was paid under tbis head during the corresponding three montiis of 188L The other chief increases are— Over £2,000 on police ; more than £4,000 on public works ; upwards of £12,000 on railways and tramways; and above £3,000 on immigration. . We have issued bonds for £12,151,000, and redeemed £954,400, so leaving a debt of £11,196,600, of which at the end of March we had left on hand to be spent on the works for wliich it was borrowed £1,210,848 ss. sd. We have paid in interest, since the first loan was floated in 1853, £3,045,838 4s. 2d. The following is the statement for the March quarters of tliis year and last, "omitting shillings and pence:— 0 A most important decision, affecting the interests of borrowing members of build ing societies, was given in the Local Court of Adelaide on Tuesday. The particulars of the case are reported in another j column, and will well repay attentive ' perusal. A laborer named A. P. John son, who was a shareholder of the West- End Permanent Building and Investment Society, on May 1, 1874, became an in vesting member. On the 28th March, 1881, he observed that the £100 shares were at par, and there fore considered his payments should cease, according to the rules of the society. He accordingly, through a friend, com municated with the Rev. B. P. Sludge, sec retary to the West-End Society, who stated tii3t tiie mortgage was not an ordi nary one to lie calculated at 10 per cent, interest. The reverend gentleman ap parently did not give any reason for taking this position, but Jolins"ti went on paying for some montiis, till losing all respect for mere dogma, he consulted his friend, Mr. Aston, again, and by his advice appealed from divinity to the secular law. A Solicitor took the matter in hand, and Mr. Mudge on behalf of the Building Society threatened to foreclose unless Johnson (laid up £45 10s., which was paid under protest, and proceedings were taken against the trustees of the society— James Heath Lewis and Walter Long. The honest workman had been paying out of hia frugal savings at the rate of about 20 per cent, interest, which would perliaps have been a ni'-derate pawn broker's charge, but cxacteJ. by a society ostensibly existing in order to enable poor men to aojiiiie freehold dwellings, was unquestionably extortionate. Mr. Gell, set-ietaiy of the City Permanent Build ing and Investment Society stated that Ixmoivers in such an association as the West-Knd Society should only pay fr?>m 7 to 10 per cent., aud it was abundantly shown that the monstrous demands made upon Johnson were con traiy to the rules of the society with which he was dealing. The court gave him a terdict for the full amount he claimed (£45 145.), and the presiding magistrate characterised the claims made upon the plaintiff by the society as a inoiistrou* extortion, and stated that the bench '* did not know language strong enough to express their feelings on the occasion." It is to be hoped that the result of this case will act as a whole some warning to any building society directors who may be inclined to try the little games that have been so properly denounced by the magistrates of the Ade laide Local Court. It really eeenis as if a South Australian Government is not to lie trusted with a diamond chill, any more titan a woman is to Ik- trusted with a secret or a babe with tiivaims. There is a danger that the drills we iiave will be worn out with mis management or in useless Work. The one that luis been at Eucla—a part of the colony of all others the least likely to show water for boring, and the most certain to return the smallest profit for large expenditure in developing it—is no sooner luck at Port Adelaide than the Commissioner of Crown Lands deter mines to send it to Echunga, where it is not wanted at all. Mr, Playford sent the drill six. or seven hundred milea away, where iu all proba bility there was no water to be got by boring, and where, in fact, none lias been obtained ; Mr. Catt pro |ioses to employ the machine within twenty-live miles of Adelaide, where there is abundance of water both on the sur face and obtainable at slight depths. The Commissioner of Crown Lands, however, says that his object is to search for minerals. This is equally absurd. The minerals are found iu more than a score of places in the Echunga district, and it will be time enough to Uy the drill in that neighborhood when the mines have been worked out at shallow and moderate depths and it has become worth while to explore lower levels. We do not say the diamond drill should never be used at either Eucla or Echunga; but those are about the two last localities iu the colony where it should be employed. An influential deputation waited upon tiie Commissioner on Tuesday to urge that the drill should be sent to Waukaringa, and it is doubtful if there is a place in South Australia where it could be more properly and profitably used. Wau karinga is an auriferous district, where a good gold-bearing reef lias been worked, and where there is every probability of valuable iniues being developed if the water difficulty can be got over. More over, the discovery of a good supply of water there would be of great benefit to other interests besides that of mining. It is satisfactory to observe that Mr. Catt has promised to reconsider his iutentions in tliis matter, as there can be no doub that although hitherto the drill has been too much for him his desire is to use it iu the way most beneficial to the country. "Jumbo" has supplanted Jingo. Although the air is surch&iged; with rumors of war, Ireland still unpacified, Egypt as perverse as ever, and General Skobeloff unabashed, Londoners liave been principally exer cised regarding the impending fate of an elephant. Barnuin has been forau ex. cited season the bete ?,oir instead of Bradlaugh. The American showman has bought the famous quadruped which has delighted tens of thousands of English cliildren at the "Zoo," in Regent's Park, and a vociferous protest has been raised by ths youngsters abetted by their ciders against the un patriotic parting with the friendly monster. There is something truly touch ing in the appeals addressed to the London press on behalf of Jumbo. From all accounts he is the wonder of the age. He lias become a veritable institution, and it might almost be gathered from the impassioned remonstrance against his projected exile tiiat the departure of Jumbo would endanger the stability of the British Constitution. More pother could not be made over the whitest of white clepliauts. Nevertheless, one would be extremely dull did he not recognise in all tliis earnest solicitude the existence of profound attachment to the gigantic animal ou whose broad back thousands liave ventured to disport. The homage thus paid to the tractable though ua wieldly monster is a trait in juvenile character that merits kindly recognition. It is the visible expression of an emotion which on many occasions has found ade quate vent in the petting of the huge favorite and in stuffing him with untold buns. Even Jumbo's domestic relations have created a warm interest in his wel fare. His devotion to his "little wife Alice" lias not passed without remark, though she has been artfully used to entrap him into the (age prepared in ambush for him. Her Delilah-like blandish ments have not, however, been success ful with this elephantine Samson, and there is a chorus of indignation against putting '' Alice" to such base uses. Jumbo has decidedly a will of his own. He is apparently Satisfied with his dignified position in the Regent Park Gardens, and is quick to perceive the degradation in volved in his shipment to America, there to be shown like the commonest animal in the Barnum collection. Anyhow, he has resented and resisted the trafficking inhim, and it is manifestly to his credit that he has not exhibited any violence of the kind dreaded by his enemies. The reason why it has been deemed advisable to sell Jumbo is the pro bability of his becoming some day soon a vicious monster that would wantonly maim and kill his young ad mirers. Admitting the likelihood of such an altered disposition, it has been main tained that Jumbo could be held in check as dangerous elephants are in India, and consequently that on that ground alone it is unreasonable to part with the finest and largest tame elephant in the worid. The superintendent of the gardens has, more over, admitted that it would be quite pos sible to keep Jumbo if the society would only build him a stronger house, and it may well be asked why the wealthy Zoological Society should re fuse to spend the necessary sum, seeing that the retention of the big elephant is a matter of considerable scientific impor tance. " The monstrous size to which he has grown in captivity renders him zoologically unique." While the con troversy respecting him has been going ; on Jumbo has stolidly refused to go freely to the Americans. It is even suggested that his passive resistance has been en couraged bj- adepts in such tactics, " for it is currently reported "'that ou the night ] preceding his refusal to march out he had a long and private interview with a pro minent Home Rule member of Parliament. If so his obstructiveness aud its success are adequately explained." James Barker, Thomas Bobert Horton, and William Hides, who were committed for trial at the Polioe Court recently on a charge of conspiring to defraud the - Australian Mutual Provident Society of £3,030 in con nection with the insurance of the life of David Weatherbead in September hist, were brought up at the Supreme Court on Tues day, aod their trial, which bids fair to be a very long-ooe, wae commenced. The cases of conspiracy h\ which the prisoners arc implicated, and whidi have attracted a large amount of public attention recently, now present a very different aspect from what they did when the cases were proceeding in the Police-Court. In the charge which was dealt with on Tuesday, Barker, Horton, Forsyth, and Hicks were committed for trial at the Police Court, but now the number of prisoners has dwindled down to two, Forsyth having made good his escape, and Hicks having been discharged in order that he may give evidence against the other prisoners. The evidence whidi is to be given by Hicks, according to the opening address of the Crown Solicitor, will throw a great deal of light on the arrangements which were entered into by the persons arraigned on the charge of con spiracy, and will "bring within the region of facts what was before a violent presump tion." The principal feature in the day's proceedings at the court was the excellent opening address to the jury given by the Crown Solicitor, who laid a most complete story before them, and said the chain of evi dence against the prisoners was most per feet. Oaly three or four witnesses woe called, and the evidence taken was princi pally of a formal character. The court was crowded during the whole of the time the case was proceeding, and the greatest inte rest waa manifested in the triaL The court adjourned till 10 o'clock this morning. Tfae polioe have been mating enquiries in regard to the case of Miss Jennie Southern, who has been attacked by smallpox in Mel bourne, and from the acquaintances of the patient a good deal of information has been elicited which tends to show that she could not have had the disease when she left this colony for Victoria. The following state ments obtained by the polioe here have been telegraphed by the Chief Secretary (Hou. J. C. Bray) to the Chief Secre tary of Victoria (Hon. J. M. Grant) :— Minnie Rogers, a barmaid at the Imperial Hotel, states—l know Emily and Jennie Southern. Jennie came to tiie hotel about January IC, and left about February 27. Mrs. Hodgkms only took her temporarily into her service, until her sister, who was ill at the time, got better. Emily was then stopping at Mrs. Etfeliem'a, in Angas - street. When Jennie left Emily took her place. Jennie went to stay at Miss McCan&a;'s, at the corner of Beeves and Angas streets. She called frequently to see her sister at the Imperial. I also saw her the day she left for Melbourne. She did not complain of illness, and seemed in her usual health and spirits. Dr. O'Leary was there for a short time when Jennie was bar maid at the Imperial. Jennie had no communication with him. She never went upstairs except to get her meals. We both served in the saloon downstairs. Jennie left the colony on the sth of April by the South Australian. Emily came to the Imperial as soon as she left, and stayed till last Saturday. The statement of Miss McCanna is as follows:— A young person named Quirk asked me to take Miss Jane Southern in my house as a boarder. She came about the 27th of Februaiy, and left on the sth of ApriL She never complained of anything except a little weakness when she first came. The day she left she was in good health and spirits, and made no complaint at all. I had four other female boarders all the time she was there. Tbey are with me now, aud all iu good health. Miss Southern slept in my house every night whilst she lived with me. Elizabeth Quirk states —I saw a good deal of Jennie Southern before she left the colony, and went down with her to the steamer. She appeared to be in good health and spirits, aud made no complaint of any illness whatever. Dr. O'Leary, after hearing these statements, asserted that it was impossible for Miss Southern to have been suifering from smallpox when she left this colony, if she was then in good health aad spirits. Had the disease been latent in her system it was in evitable that she would have suffered a certain amount of languor and depression of spirits. FAt the local Court on Tuesday, April IS, an important case affecting building societies came on for hearing, viz., that of A. P. Johnson v. Lewis aud Another, trustees of the West-End Permanent Building and In vestment Society. The action was to recover £45 14s. for money received by the defen dants from the plaintiff, and for money paid under compulsion of the defendants as mort gagees to prevent the sale of certain mort gaged property. The case resulted in a verdict for the plaintiff, the bench condemn ing the defendants' action in strong terms. A case of interest to wine and spirit mer chants and publicans was commenoed in the Police Court on Tuesday morn ing, April IS. It appears that an agent named Joseph Collins, who at one time had sold some cases of champagne for Mr. Win. Wicksteed, merchant, of Adelaide, went on Februaiy 23 to Hr. T. Born, the landlord of the Kent Town Hotel, and offered him some champagne. _ En answer to Mr. Bora's enquiry, he sud it was "King's? brand, and quoted the price at 755. per dozen. The reason he gate Born for selling it at such alowratespasthathisnnclehadastupi?eiit, and aa be could not obtain a satisfactory price for it from the merchants he had decided to retail it to publicans.' Mr. Born bought five cases, which were delivered by prisoner himself, and paid £1815s. Subsequently, on opening a bottle of the wine, Mr. Born found that tt was not genuine Krug. He sent for Collina, told bim this, and asked him to take the remain ing four cases away, which he did, and re turned bim the money paid for the five eaaea. Samples of the wine sold and of King's were opened in court, and Messrs. Hubble, ToUey, and Bom tasted the wines and gave evidence as experts, each gentleman giving the opinion that the wine sold to Mr. Born was a very inferior article to " King's." Messrs. Henn and Sears gave evidence of having printed 400 labels uke that on King's champagne bottles for Collins, a sample having been pro cured from a bottle of champagne in the cellars of the White Horse Hotel, Currie street. They stated that Collins told them he wanted the labels to replace labels on some bottles of " Krug." After hearing the evi dence of several witnesses the case was, on the application of Mr. Wigley, who appeared for the prosecution, adjourned for a week. Air. Davies, who appeared for Collins, asked for bail, which was refused. An old man named John Owen arm od* mitted to the Adelaide Hospital on Monday suffering from delirium tremens. He died* Tuesday evening. The number of passengers who arrived* Port Adelaide by sea during the week tha ended April -15 was 167, aU of whom were from Melbourne. The number who left by sea during the same period was 42L Of theae 380 were for Melbourne, and 41 for Imdon. A daughter of Mr. S. Carter, about twelve years of aee recently fell down a well 70 feet deep at the homestead in the vicinity of Orroroo. Immediate assistance waa ren dered, and the unfortunate girl was soon brought to the surface. Dr. Clarke attended tiie patient, but, according to the Clare paper, he holds out no hopes of her recovery. About half -a dozen motihted and other members of the police force were out search in the neighborhood of Port a?Havte M £ tiie Semaphore on Tnesday for the boy Charles -Crimes, who was missed from h£s parents abode on Sunday last. No trace of him whatever was discovered, and no one seems to have the faintest idea where he went. The search will be resumed to-day.) Anniversary services in connection with the Thebarton Wesieyan Church were recently held, when sermons were preached by the Bev. Bix. Heidley in the morning; in tfae afternoon n service to the yonng wis con dncted by the Bev. G*. K. Bowe, and again ia the evening, when he was assisted by the Bev. Mr. Earner. The usual tea meeting was hdd on the following Tuesday, followed by a pubUc meeting presided over by Mr. H. 3. HOL The proceeds from the anniversary and smaU donations received during the year have entirely cleared the church bom debt. Tbe Come aad Welcome Dodge, 1.0.G.T.. hdd an open meeting on Tuesday evening. April 18, for the purpose of bidding farewell to ink Grand Worthy Marshal, Brother Tolly, on the occasion of his departure for America. After the initiatory servioes the W.C.T., Brother T. Peryman, on behalf of ihe mem bers, presented Brother ToUey with n very handsome gold locket aB a token of remem brance of Sie many pleasant meeting? they had spent in his company. Brother Xoilcgr feelinglyresponded. Coffee, sandwiches,aad cakes having been disposed of, n aery plea- I saat evening was spent by the memben, I songs, recitations, and speeches bang given. Changes and rumors of changes appear to be the order of tfae day in Gladstone, writes oar correspondent. Only very recently tfae Rev. J. Thorne left for Crystal Brook, andin a few days Mr. Mumme, manager of the Commercial Bank, will leave for Gawler, where he takes the management of tfae Com mercial Bank there. One of our storekeepers, has disposed of his business, and it is rumored that there will be a great influx of the legalfratemity. It is said that aa Ade laide firm of solicitors intend faJrfng up their quarters among us. At the last meeting of the Slow and Steady Lodge of Good Tem- plars the Rev. J. Thorne was the recipient ?£ an illuminated address, tiie work nt Mr. Joyner, of Adelaide. It is stated that the Marquis of Qoeeaa beriy has a quarrel in. hand with ihe London Times. That journal a short time ago pub lished a letter from him, in which he inci dentally referred to himself as a "thinker."* but the printers accidentally left out the "h," and the marquis was displayed before the world self-described as a *? tinker." He forthwith wrote to the editor, pointing oat this blunder, and requested that it should be corrected, but this request has not beea attended to. The marquis says that be has written more than once, and has even de manded the name and address of the editor, in order that he mav personally express his feelings to him. The noble marquis is now considering what other steps he can take te vindicate himself. A meeting of the directors of tfae Barossa Flax Milling Company was held in the coat patty's office on Friday last, at which fom were present, with the secretary, Mr. SL Potter being unable to attend throagh indis position, lhe principal business was to dis cuss the relative merits of imported and colonial seed, tfae manager maintaining that the Biga seed was the best, as it gave a Setter fibre. A long discussion ensued, and it was resolved to obtain a supply of Biga seed, aa well as colonial seed from the neighborhood of Willunga, which originally came from Biga but waa now acclimatised, so that tfae fanners could use their own discretion aad test their respective merits as tb^y wished. Some other formal business was gone into aad the meeting: adjourned. ~ m Gold mining seems to be niaMug n freah start, judging by the favorable reports re ceived from the min^s, and the rich specimens which are exhibited. We have lately seen four veiy good samples, two of auriferous quarts, and two of gold, which, thoueh coming under the denomination of alluvial, had evidently not travelled far from a reef. The first sample of quarto was from a reef about three milea from Blumberg, which is being worked by a Sivate company, under the management of r. Wilson. The quartz appears to be of a favorable nature, is mixed with ironstone, aad show gold pretty freely, and plenty of auriferous mundic The other sample waa from the Old Kangaroo Mine, and is of very superior quality. It shows gold freely, and is mixed with a hrown stone carrying good gold and called porphyry by the min? We are informed that the reel is looking very promis ing and the stone generally is rich in goHL We have also seen a fine sample of sharp, an gular, reefy gold, from Morialta, about ona and a quarter ounces, including one nnggetof five or six dwta., and another of about three. Another sample was from Ulooloo, whence several good parcels of alluvial reef gold have been received. A nugget of about *hj*frf?< ounces in weight has been found in that locality sinoe that weighing six ounces waa discovered. One of those marvellous escapes from a fatal accident, which seem almost to verge oa the miraculous, recently occurred at Port Adelaide. A young man well known there was practising with a revolver at a fence-post with some friends. After firing a few shots they gathered together apparently to talk over the qualities of the revolver. The individual alluded to had the weapon in his hand, and whilst under the impression that it was not loaded, he pointed it towards the breast of a com panion standing only a yard away, aod "by way of fun* pulled the trigger. To hia surprise and consternation the revolver went off, and his terror was further enhanced by his friend crying out that he was shot For tunately, however, for the careless shooter, it was only the force of the bullet against tfae breast that was felt, as the ball had luckily happened to strike and smash a coat button, and after passing through the cloth to hit on a waistcoat button. This it broke also, but tfae resistance had been suffi cient to expend its force, and the young man received no harm. Certainly a more narrow escape seldom occurs, and it should teach those who handle guns and pistols not to be so fond of the "fun" of pointing them at their friends. The directors of the South Australian Quartz W'"'"g Company, Teaiora (Messes. Barufield, Wendt, Solomon, aud Jfeales) recently paid a visit to the mine, and made arrangements in Melbourne eu route for the construction of battery aud other mining plant by Messrs. JLanglands & Co. ThU plant, ordered on March 25, wa 3 to be com pleted at a cost of £2,500 and erected within. Bine weeks, and in the meantime it was de cided that samples from various levels should be crushed at a local battery to give an idea of the value of the reef that ran through the company's ground (about nine acres). The company have also secured tfae services cf Mr. Thomas Eyres, of Sandhurst (foimeiiy manager of the Catherine Beef United claim), who holds the very highest testimonials, including an cx&minerahip; in the School of Mines, Ballarat—Mr. Matthews having resigned through ill health. Some splendid specimens of the stone have beea brought over from Temora by Mr. FUwfifl^ there beinv more thaa five hundr^Ureight now on view at the office of the company ia Gresham Chambers. They all show geld whoever broken, and a quantity of alluvial taken from the fiat below the hill shows the rich character of the reef. The reef samples were taken at varuxte depths, mostfrat I£oand 235feet, although a lower depth thaa this has been reached. The directors and shareholders areverywed pleased with the prospects of the daim, ?M invite their friends and others to inspect tha atone. BEVLNl'E. March 31, 18Si I March 31, j 1831. i ft"" Cuslxmis Probate and succession duties Marine Education Rents, 4c—Crownland* Bents, ordinary.. licences Postal and telcgraplis .. fines, fees, and for- feitures Sales of Government property Reimbursements-iu-aid 151,220 5,031 3.054 4,193 25,640 372 16,26*2 33,562 3.835 4,001 2,017 24,481 1,345 18,111 83,596 13,565 I 11,536 Miscellaneous .. Interest and exchange Railways and tramways Waterworks Land sales- Proceeds of Interest on credit sales Trnimifrt-tftinn 653 7,586 1,582 11,468 124,960 10,374 443 6.3*5 1,501 634 118,074 12,846 132,584 22,797 1,080 129,551 24,785 1,286 ?uunigration .. .. Total _ £571,052 £518,293 EXPESDITUEE. Civil list _. .. Customs Convention with N. S. Wales Customs arrangement with Victoria .. _ Adelaide University .. Hie Legislature.. Civil establishments .. Judicial and legal de- partments _ Police C&oIh; and prisons Education (including institutes) Postal and telegraph services.. .- Agriculture Charitable institutions Military defences „ 4,591 11,875 1,852 511 3,294 14,924 14,325 ?21,407 S.S53 4,525 500 2,885 16,083 11,759 19,233 I,'.Hi 23,699 44.018 450 19,832 4,138 4,463 7,312 86^94 70,250 C.OS9 13,961 29,502, 48,41** 5C4 18,137 4^88 ?M60 ?,1?7 62,139 63,718 6,509 16,097 CjttStOUS m. .. .. Harbors and lights — Public worts .. Kaflwaysand tramways H-atenroikB _ .. Sony and Crown lands Pensions, retiring allow. ances,andgrataities.. Interest and exchange.. \Alsrml,.nvs*t. 15,076 40 22,966 9,734 3,538 8 28,fl?2 6,648 uisoeUaneons _ .. Immigratioo _ .. losth Australian bonded debt— Interest on loans for public works Bedemption of ditto.. ns,;i9 104,516 8,600 8,600 £515,043 £470,001 A deputation consisting of fte members of the Upper Wakefield and Saddleworth Dw trict Councils, aooompanied by Messrs. H. K. BrightM-P., J. Boswoitfa, M.P., and E. WanCS-P., waited on the Commissioner of Public Works (Hon. J. G. Bammy) <m Tnes day afternoon, April 18, to ask that the road from Auburn to the Manoora railway station might be plaoed on the schedule of main loads, and tiiat a special grant of money might be at once made to place the road in a proper state ot repair. It was represented by the deputation that the traffic on the road was considerable, and that one-third of the rates of the Upper Wakefield Council had to be expended on it, notwithstanding which it was so cut up by the'traffic as to be now in places almost impassable. The road runs at right angles to the railway, towards whidi it acts as a feeder, and it was urged that on this ground it should be placed on the schedule, in accordance with a prin ciple frequently affirmed by Parliament. The Commissioner gave a favorable reply, remarking that the deputation had made out atoodcase, and that he would be prepared to recemmend the inclusion of this road in the schedule of the next amending Boad Aet brought before Parliament. He would not, however, make any promise of an immediate grant of money until he had communicated with the superintending-surveyor of the Midland Boad Board, and obtained a report from that gentleman, showing the necessity of the giant. If it were clearly proved that this was needed he would be prepared to recommend it to his colleagues. The London Daily Sews draws attention to what it regards tw an anomaly in English political me, namely, "the existence of an assembly, the majority of which shall be in constant and permanent opposition to one of the great governing parties of the country. Whenever there are liberal statesmen in power they find their best work liable at any moment to be upset by the action of that per manent opposition with a constant majority which exists in the House of Lords, which always presents its unbroken Conservative majority. This is harmless enough so long as the House of Lends is content to do nothing. But the moment the Conservative majority of the Peers begin to act with anything like resolve and energy they are sure in nine cases out of ten te aet themselves against tite wish of the great mass of the English people. Of late years the Lords have not been tempted very often to do anything of the kind. Some of their calmer and wiser members are always content to accept the limitations imposed npon them by prudence, and to recognise the fact that if they are entrusted with a nominal power it is only on the express understanding that they shallxefriunfromusingit. E very nowand then, however, the idea appears to get afloat among the peers that H\ they do not forthwith do something the world will say they dare not do anything. In such a mood they act on their sudden impulse. At snch a time, and under such an inspiration, it is needless to say that they invariably do aomething mischievous. It would be impossible at audi a time as the pre sent that English people in general should not begin soberly to consider what advantages there are in the possession of an institu tion of this kind that can at all compare fdth the risks which we run, and with the positive harm we have to endure from the occasional asseition of an anomalous and capricious power of intervention. The House of Lords probably wonld find a tolerant and even an indulgent public long enough if they did not venture too often on such freaks as their recent assertion of authority. But every sincere friend of the House of Lonis, every reasonable peer who wishes to see the institution Tn?in+*in_p_4_ must be of opinion that this comparison of advantages and disadvantages is the one thing which the hereditary Chamber has the least interest in provoking. The House of Lords will act prudently by observing as much as possible the sagacious principle illus trated in the words ofFontenelle. The less they remind the English public of their I political existence the better. Such unplea- ' sant reminders as they have lately given could not fail to direct attention in the most inconvenient m?niw to their anomalous posi tion in the State." lhe half- yearly meeting of the Gawler In stitute was hdd on Monday, April 17. There was a large attendance of members. Mr. W. B. Lewis presided. Letters of resignation were read and accepted from Dr. Popham as president, and Mr. James Purguson as trustee, and also from Mr. J. Budall, S.M., as committeeman, he being unable to be regular in his attendance. This resignation was not accepted. The committee's report, whidi wae read, congratulated the subscribers on the continued satisfactory state of the affairs of the institute. The committee deem ing it advisable to provide for an additional aupply of water, so as to be thoroughly pre pared in case of a fire, invited tenders for the wcrk, aid accepted that of Mr. Potter's, for £2.1 lis., but with additional hose and stands fcr the same the cost altogether wOl be about £33. There had been two additions to the museum, namely, a fine large specimen of . mantis and one small grey snake. The library had also been added to. One hundred aud fifty-eight volumes of new books had been bought "in Adelaide, and the last lot imported from England consisted of works of travel history, biography, science, andfiction. There were l&e; subscribers, viz., &t; yearly, 3 half yearly, 42 quarterly, and 27 reading-room, -this latter number including 20 members of the volunteer club. Designs had been pre pared for moveable wooden stages for raising the back portion of the haU, the estimated cost of which was about £39. The committee received a donation from the dramatic club of £2125., bang the net pro ceeds from the representation of thcycomedy ''Our Boys;" elso one from Mr. John Mitchell of £3, being the surplus from the farewell banquet to Mr. Jas. Furgusoa. Books were presented by Mr. H. Schomburgk, and a pamphlet on the geology round Manoora by Mr. G. Secular. The committee deeply regretted that dnring the last few mouths t bey had lost five of their members, of whom three bad been removed by death, namely, Messrs. J. Dawson, E. V. O. Muecke, and A. C Cranz. Messrs. Jas. Ferguson and Bichard Bacxatt had left Gawler. The Presi dent (Dr. Popham) had tendered his resigna ' tion, as he intended to visit Europe. The balance-sheet showed total receipts £173 3s. 3d., and expenses £306 12s. 6d., and bank overdraft £13* 12s. 4d. The chairman moved the adoption ot the report and balance-sheet, and in answer to questions stated that the Government grant would aoon be due, and that the sum of £60 was due for subscriptions. The motion was carried. Tfaefollowingofficers were elected: — President, Mr. G. Warren, J.P.; vice-president, Captain J. Plummer; trustee, Mr. John Mitchell, J.P.; coriknittee —Messrs. & B. Rudall, L. S. Burton, G. Loveridge, Bennett, Burkett, Drakard, aud PJ. Cheek. The anniversary services in connection with tl-e North Adelaide Congregational Church wae held on Sunday, April 16. The annual tea and public meetings took plaoe 6a the following Tuesday evening, both being hugely attended. At the public meeting the Kev. 'O. Copland, pastor of the church and chair man of the Congregational Union, jnesided, and he opened Sie proceedings with an ad dress, in tiie course of which he described the wotk of the church during the past year. He Jook a cheerful and hopeful view of the position of the church, the Sunday services of which, he said, were well attended, while the various institutions associated with it had all beea successfully maintained during the year. The work of the Sunday-school, under the enthusiastic management of Mr. T. Frost, was also steadily prospering; the Bible classes, with which 94 young men and women were connected, having been marked by special success. The number of scholars in the whole school was about 410, the average attendance being from 270 to 280. The floral society still held attractive shows, whidi showed continued improvement, and tiie juvenile auxiliary to the Loudon Mis sionary Society carried on its work success fully. The Young Christians' Union, num bering 174 members, was growing in strength and usefulness. At ihe Lower North Ade laide branch of the church progress had been made, and tbe affiliated church at Houghton more especiaUymaintained its number and earnestness. There were thirteen lay preachers on his (the chairman's) list. The mothers' mission at Lower North Adelaide was still going on quietly, and he asked the congregation to lend it all tfae support they ?could. There were eighty members of the Young Men's Society, but the attendance was small, and it was to be hoped that it would improve. Amongst the most prominent events of the year had been the erection of the new lecture-room and the organ, which latter nad proved to be a magnificent instrument. Altogether the work of the church had been snch as to give ample cause for rejoicing and hopefulnrae. Mr. W. H. Tite readf the balance-sheet, which showed that tfae total receipts for tte year from all sources amounted to £1^34155. 5d., and after various payments there was a balanoe due to the treasurer of £4fllSe.9d, The revenue of the church had been wdl maintained, and the financial position wits on the whole -satisfac tory. Mr. G.Brookman presented a statement ! of the church building fund, showing that ! the total cost of the new buOdings and organ i had been £3,529, and the amount collected 'and promised, £1,226 10s. The Bev. R. S Casely (President of the Wesieyan Con ferenee), and the Bev. Allan Webb delivered excellent addresses, and tiie choir during the evening gave several anthems in a creditable manner, the new oigan being used with fine effect. A meeting of the Eariy-Closinfil Association was held on Tnesday evening, April 18, inthe Young Men's Christian Association HalL Thae were about seventy persona present, aad Mr. Mnller occupied tfae chair. The ..chairman, in opening the proceedings, said V*h£t $fae objectif the meeting was to consider the action of the committee daring the last quarter. They also metjto ascertain what was the general feeling of tiie trade on the matter. He regretted to have to say that so far they had not been able to bring before them such an elaborate report as no doubt was exposed. Their secretary had visited numerous nouses in the city, and had ascertained that the ma iority were in favor of eariy dosing. They had endeavored to bring the matter to an issue by interviewing the Chief Secretary and the mayor. His worship had called two meetings, but in consequence of the small at tendance only one had been held. There were several clothing establishments that kept open on Saturdays, and he thought these con siderably prevented the drapers from closing early. Theyhadnotgotanythingdefinitcfrom the employers with regard to closing on Satur days. It was time to adopt another method, viz., to go round to tfae houses and try to get them to join. Seventy-two houses had signed the resolution to close, so that the agitation of the committee bad resulted in some good. They had not received that assistance in the direction of subscriptions from the assistants that they ought to have had. There were over 1,000 hands in the retail houses, and only 3d. a man had so far been received. The eariy closing movement was growing all over the world, and what he advocated amongst them was more unity. The trea surer read the balance-sheet, which showed the receipts up to date to have been £77 10s. 9d, and the expenditure £56 7s. sd. Mr. Westbury having been eppointed collector, Mr. Lemmington stated that seven houses were going to close early and that the majority of the employers were willing and anxious to close eariy. Mr. Lemmington then made a number of sug gestions with reference to the movement, and it was decided that they be considered by the committee. Several gentlemen having spoken on the matter, and stated that the great drawback to the early closing was caused by the Jews, who kept their shops open to snch late hours, Mr. Annels sug gested Jthat they should petition Parliament to bring in a Bill necessitating early closing of places of business on Saturday night. Mr. W. Floyd moved " Tbat a grand monster meeting be got np, and that ministers, lecturers, and leading men be invited to in fluence friends and families over whom they have control to assist in tfae movement." The motion was carried unanimously, and the arrangements for it were left in the han<Js of the committee. Several new members having been added to the committee, and votes of thanks passed to the Chief .Secretary, His Worship the Mayor of Adelaide, and the press for the way in which they had sup ported tfae movement, the meeting termi nated. A numerously attended and influential deputation introduced by Mr. A. Tcnnant, MTP.j waited upon the Commissioner of Crown Lands (Hod. A. Catt) on Tuesday morning, April 18, with the object of request ing the Government not to send the diamond dnIL which had recently arrived at the Port, to Echunga, as the Government proposed, but to the district of Waukaringa, where it would afford a meansof developingthe mineral wealth of the north in the shape of gold fields. The Hon. Jno. Colton aaid nc had willingly responded to the invitation to accompany the deputation that morning, because he con sidered the question was an important one, involving large interests. From what he had heard it did not appear to him that the Government had looked at the matter as carefully as they should have done. Mr. Tennant had said that so far as water was concerned, it was not necessary that the drill should be sent to Echunga for tfae purpose of mining operations, and he quite agreed with the remark. He thought the object contem plated by the Legislature in introducing drills into the country was the obtaining of water in a dry country, ana not with a view of making any mineral discovery. He bad no interest in Waukaringa, but he thought the gentlemen present had a claim to the assistance of the Government, and he hoped the Commissioner would see his way clear to accede to the wishes of the deputation. Mr. E. Ward, MP., supported the object of the deputa tion. He thought greater benefit would accrue by sending the appliance to Wauka ringa instead of to Echunga, which they knew to be a well-watered district. Amongst other reasons why it would be more generally advantageous to send the drill to Waukaringa was toe fact that that district was not fir removed from those north-east districts where distress had prevailed during the last season. Many farmers there had lately been reduced to great distress, but if water could be pro duced by tfae drill and mines worked an opportunity would be afforded to those fanners of somewhat retrieving their losses by turning their hands, after sewing time, to mining labor, and thus occupy their spare time in a manner profitable to themselves. (Hear, hear.) Mr. G. M. Newman, a practical engineer, and experienced in diamond drill work, aaid the Government would be taking a step in the right direction in sending the diamond drill to tfae dry district of Waukaringa. Messrs. Allerdale Gningei% E. ML Bagot, W. Long bottom, uid Li. L. Furner addressed the Commissioner, and generally supported the previous speakers. The Commissioner in reply btated that when he heard that a diamond drill was at Port Adelaide he made enquiries about it, and came to the conclusion that it would be very unwise to send it to Waukaringa, because it would probably fail there as it failed at Eucla, but since that time he had had an opportunity of speaking to Mr. Grainger on the subject, who said that at the mine there was sufficient water to work tbe machine,half the time. The object of the Government in wishing to send the drill to Echunga was to carry out as far as possible the views brought out by Mr. Diison in tfae House that aome means should be taken to develop mineral resources, and the Government thought it better to send it to a place where it would be used instead of to a place where it would be lying idle. As to the remarks about procuring water at Waukaringa, the Government were fully alive to the importance of it, and had considered the advisability of sending a boring-machine there. After what had been said by the deputation as to the neces sities of the case he would again consult with the officer of the department on the matter; and if the deputation could guarantee that there was sufficient water to work it the machine might be sent. He would be only too pleased if the Government could meet the views of the deputation. At any rate their Fecetnmendations should have his con sideration ; and as the drill had not yet left the Port he would not decide on its destina tion until he had fully considered their case. A meeting of the Kent Town Football Club is to be held at the Kent Town Hotel this evening. The ladies' committee appointed in connec tion with the Young Men's Christian Associa tion is to meet at tbe association-hall this afternoon, to arrange for the tea meeting to be held on Thursday, April 27. A dinner is to be given to the Ven. Arch deacon Fair, late headmaster of St. Peter's College, by the old scholars of that institu tion, in the Town Hall refreshment-room this evening. Archdeacon Fan-leaves for England this month. The pantomime of "Sinbad the Sailor" at tfae Theatre Boyal was repeated tb another good house on Tuesday, when it had a cordial reception, and seemed to give general satisfaction. The pantomime will be re peated to-night. On Tuesday evening, April 18, an enter tainment was held in connection* with the Bowden Tyro Cricket Club, in the Institute hall, Hindmarsh. There was a fair attend ance. His Worship the Mayor of Hindmarsh (Mr. F. E. Bucknall, MP.) who was an nounced to preside, but owing to indisposi tion was unable to be present, sent an apology and enclosed a cheque for £5 ss. towards tfae funds. The programme, which consisted of vocal and instrumental music aud recita tions, was excellently carried out, and was thoroughly enjoyed by the audience. Messrs. A Puody and Leo Conrad, jun., acted as ac companists in a very efficient manner. Another entertainment was given at the Port Adelaide Town Hall by Professor Rice's Hypericn Party on Tuesday evening. There was a good attendance. The programme was nearly the same as on the previous evening, with the addition of the Katie King mystery. The "mind-reading" was very successful, and thoroughly astonished the audience, who seemed to be entirely unable to fathom the mystery. The ghost was hardly so well put on as usual, but the appliances of the hall are insufficient for this kind of thing, which may partly account for it. The cabinet trick was got through very well, aud in response to au individual who wished to give a special " tie up" the operator stated that he would allow any one to come forward and tie him as they pleased on the following night, when the party would give their last performance at Fort Adelaide. m 