NEWS OF THE DAY. Egypt is still in a state of anarchy, and there is at present but little hope of improvement. The arch-rebel Arabi has, it is reported, compelled the Notables to meet and pass a decree for the deposition of the Khe- dive, But this is a piece of information which under the circumstances needs confirmation. He is occupied just now in recruiting his army, and is doing this by brutal means, compelling every man he comes across to join the insurrectionary band. It is rumoured that Arabi is strondy entrenched between two lakes, and can only be approached by a causeway. But British artillery have other means of reaching an enemy than walking along a causeway, be that he may yet find his position a somewhat warm and uncomfortable one. The British troops and marines have commenced active operations against him by blowing up the Alexandria railway, and whilst doing this encountered some of his cavalry, and sent them to the rightabout. The massacres of Europeans in various paris ot the country still continue, with frightful cruelty, which is raising a storm of indignation in Great Britain. Meanwhile Europeans are fleeing the country wherever practicable. Eleven hundred British troops have already landed at Alexandria, and these will be increased to 10,000, together with an Indian contingent whose numerical strength is not yet known. Italy is mobilising her army. Germany and Austria are complacently watching events. Turkey is immobile as usual. An officer has been arrested on one of the mail boats, trading between Alexandria and the Turkish capital, with documents in his possession which prove him to be an intermediary between the Arabs and the Panislamic Committee at Stamboul. Our ordinary cable messages mention that the five swindlers who so successfully carried on a fraudulent next-of-kin and inquiry office at Manchester have been convicted and sentenced to two years' imprisonment each. Ogle, the absconding lawyer's clerk, having denied his identity, the case has been remanded for further evidence. The Union Bank of Australia has declared a dividend of 8 per cent. Another item of interest is that Bligh's team of English cricketers will Ieave London by the Orient steamer Austral. WE are informed by the Colonial Secretary that the ship Northampton left London for Sydney on tho 20th instant with ii?] immigrante ^ Tiik committee appointed by the Sydney Municipal Council to inquire into and report upon "tho rumour that'Mr. D. Bradford, contractor, stated that he pre , Feuted iron railings to Alderman J. Davies for assisting m having a contract of his accepted by the council, mot at the Town Hall yesterday. Proceedings commenced at 11 o'clock, when tho Mayor took tho chair, and Aldermen Dean, M'Elhono, Withers, Fowler, Hardie and Davies wore present. Tenders were oxamined, and Eoine of the corporation officials were called upon to gi vo .Dvwlenco. At 1 o'clork tho committee adjourned until hali.paefl8, when Alderman Carter was examined, and Mr. Bradford was called upon to produce his books and "'»ko statements with «.¡«ml to tho entries in them. Shortly «f ter ß o'clock tho inquiry was adjourned until noon to-day. A sni'pr.EMKNT to the Government Gaaetta of Friday contains a copy «fa de°patch from tho Earl of Kimberloy, dated Otu May, enclosing regulations and forms of applications for admission to tho Great International Eishorica Exhibition, to be held in London next year. Her Majesty is the patron, and 11.11.II. the Prince of Wales is president. There aro 130 vice-prosidonte, in- cluding tho Dukes of Edinburgh, Connaught, Albany, and Cambridge, a number of tho leading nobility, Agents-General, and others connected with the colonies, with a very largo general committee. Wi: regret to have to record the death of the Hon. Samuel Denne Got don, M.L.C., which took place at his residence. Darling Point, last evening. Tho hon. gentleman had been in failing health for sotno tima past. During tha past fov weeks his condition had been critical, and moro than onco his relatives expected that his end had come. He lingered on, however, until last evening, when ho expired. Ho was 71 years of agc. His funeral is to take place to- morrow afternoon. In another column will be found au extended^ notice of tho deceased gontloman's career from the timo when ho carno to the colony. WE understand that Mr. John Williams, Crown Solicitor, has been appointed a member of the National Park Trust, in the room of the Hon. John Lucas, M.L.C., resigned. An advertisement appeared in the Herald of Satur- day, calling a meeting of the friends and sympathisers of the Hon. John Lucas, to be held in the Council chambers, Camperdown, on Monday evening. A reporter from this journal accordingly went to Camper- down last evening, to record fully and carefully the eloquent utterances of the sympathetic inhabi- tants of that "sylvan" suburb. Our reporter, on inquiring for the Council- chambers, was somewhat surprised to find that the inhabitants, who seemed to consist chiefly of little boys and girls playing at hop- scotch, were totally unaware of the existence of such an institution. At last, however, he succeeded in find- ing a youth of more than average precocity, who in reply to his inquiries retorted with the question— " Do yor mean the place where yer pays yer rates?" Our reporter intimated that the description answered that of the establishment he was seeking, whereupon the youth remarked, " There yer are, right over the way—the old Red Lion, where Jack- made all his Money." Convinced by the name that he was on the right track our reporter crossed the road, entered the sacred portals, ascended the stairs, and would have entered a room from whence proceeded the sound of many voices, and which he concluded to be the meeting he sought, but he was firmly yet gently arrested by his arm. being grasped by a young member of the fair sex, who remarked in emphatic accents, " You cannot go in there, sir, there is somebody being made." Our reporter naturally smelt a good paragraph in this act of creation, and replied that he would like to witness the process, but he was informed by the fair Cerberus that the meeting was one of the Sons of Temperance, and the "making'' meant merely the initiation of a new member. Further inquiries elicited the fact that the young lady knew nothing of a "Lucas meeting"—all she did know was that it was not there, and she recommended the unfortunate reporter to try downstairs, He fol- lowed her advice, and after opening several doors lead- ing into a variety of rooms, in none of which was there any sign of a meeting, he discovered a very obliging ; old lady, who assured him that no such meeting as he spoke of was to be held at the Camperdown Council- chambers. Our crest- fallen representative in leaving the building noticed outside an individual in fur cap, shirt sleeves, and a short clay pipe, whom he rightly judged to be a ratepayer. On inquiring of this in- dividual if he know of a meeting of sympathy with tho Hon. John Lucas, his reply was first a hoarse laugh, to which he added, " Well, you are a——mul- let. There aint no meeting, and there aint no sym- pathy," whereupon our reporter retraced his way to Sydney. A on:;i:r.AL meeting of tho Iron Trades Employers' j Association w as held at tho Builders' Exchange, King street, on Wednesday evening last, presided over hy tho president, Mr. J. P. Eranie. Thero was a large atten- dance of members, and great interest was taken ia tho proceedings. Several now members were admitted. An animated debate took place upon various important matters connected with the trade, and the meeting was adjourned till Thursday, the 3rd August. Tun first general meeting of tho Phonographic Asso ciation of Now South Waloa was held at tho IVoo Library, last night. Mr. S. Cook occupied the chair, and about 30 members were present. Itulo3 woro agreod to, and officers elected. Eurther particulars of tho meetinir will bo found in another column. Tun twenty-fifth annual meeting of tho Surry Hills branch of tho Wesleyan Missionary t-'ociety waa held last night, iu the Bourko-street Church. The meeting having been conîtituted with introductory devotionul service, Alderman Kippax took tho chair, and called upon Mr. Dowsett to read the financial statement, from which it appeared that last year's contributions of tho Surry Hills Circuit to tho funds of the Missionary Society amounted to £228 13s. 7d.-namelv, Bourko-strent Church, £150 17s. Id. ; William Etreot, £40 Gs. ltd. ; and Cleveland-street, £35 6s. 3d., moro than half of which had como in through tho Juvenile Missionary Societies in connection with their churches. The meetiu" was addressed by the Kev. W. Clarke, the Kov. G. Brown, and Benjamin, a nativoteacher from Now Britain -a young man who was ono of the first to embrace Christianity, who had suffered much persecution and very narrowly escaped being murdored, and by whom Mr. Brown had been very materially assisted in the just completed translation of thb Gospel of Mark into tho New Britain tongue. A vote of thanks to tho chairman was passed by acclamation, and tho meeting was closed in the usual form. Tun monthly mooting of the Anglo-Israol Associa- tion was held, last night, in tho Temporáneo Hall. The attendance was moderate. Tho Rev, William Allworth, president, road a long and interesting paper on " The MigraJioit of a portion of Israel from Judoa to tho Isles of tho West." no explained that ho said from Judr.h. to the Isles of tho West in preference to saying from the land of their captivity to tho Isles of the West, simply because it was moro con-" sietent with that portion of tho subject with which ho would deal. Ho prefaced his remarks by saying that as the kingdom ol' Israel was to bo for a time nationally lost, the migrations of the Ten Tribes must of necessity bo surrounded with aomo degreo of obscurity. The utmost that could bo fairly and reasonably demanded would be the production of ovidenco that the Ten Tribes, under other names, found their way from the sf-euo oE thpjr captivity to tho place where they (i-he Anglo-lsweliles) professed to have discovered thora, vi/., in tho British Isles. Many writers on tbo subject had indicated several routes adopted by Isiael in reaching the isles of tbo western sea. Three of theso routes Mr. Allworth pointed out on a largo map which he had prepared ior tho purpose ; but, he raid, ho would deal particularly that owning with tho western coursa, that taken hy those of Israol from tho settlement of Dan. All those who woro spoken of as lost Israel did not go into captivity. Those who escaped aro said to have mustered under ono leader 100,000 horse- men, and about 10,000 footmen. Erom this out, Mr. Allworth traced the continual pressing westward and northward of tho children of Dan and Simeon until they eventually reached the British Islands, and argued that there wore undoubted evi- dences in Scripture, in the languages of tho Hebrews and that of the Welsh or Cyinri, and in many other sources, to prove conclusively that the British people were the descendants of the lost Ten Tribes. A DisemAcr.rür, scene occurred in the principal thoroughfare of the city yesterday afternoon occasioned hy a quarrel, arising out of some domestic grievance» between a man and a woman, who at ono time had lived on terms of intimHcy, hut had sinco become cstiaugcd. It appears that tho man, who has for some time past been a resident in Sydney, had formerly resided in Victoria. Tho woman determined to follow him hence, and in pursuance of this resolution arrived here a few days ago. Sho met nor at-ono-time friend near tho junction of Pitt and Hunter streets, and the. a recognized him familiarly by breaking her paiasol on his head. The man defended himself as well as he could from the blows, and then endeavoured to arrest tho woman with the object of giving her in charge Sbo, however, escaped from him, and jumped into a hansom cab. The man caught hold of tho rein at tho head of the horse a*tfl«W *n iko vrnhinln. ami refused to lot -the animal proceed. A crowd was attracted by tho proceeding, and tho excitement increased as the woman quickly stepped from the first hansom, and jumped into another. The man, howover, quickly reached tho head of the second horse, and could not ho forced away from it. Holding to tho rein, tho hansom, followed by the crowd, reached George-street. Hero tho woman got out, and a chase along tho street round by Wynyard-streot to York street followed. At this point a woll-knowu M.L.A., who was in tho thick of tho crowd, posed before tho admiring spectators as a champion of women's rights, and using a little vigorous muscular I argument, kept the man back whilst he assisted tho I woman into a cab. At this stage, also, a policeman [ appeared, but ho was apparently poworless to act. That some serious accident was not caused by tho rushing of | tho crowd along Georgo-streot, amongst tho 'buses, 1 carts, cars, and many vehicles that thronged tho stieet, was a piece of «ood fortuno almost as wonderful in its way as tho fact that a policeman really did appear on , Hie scene beforo all was over. | In tho course of his financia1, speech, Mr. Giblin, the [ Treasurer of Tasmania, said :-" Whilst remitting tho , i duty on Customs you will bo sut prised to learn we intend to increase the duly on one item, which is con i fectionery. The present duty on confectionery is 10 per cent, ad valorem, and tho amount collected last year I was £835. But confectionery is worth £50 nor ton. i ' Sugar is worth £30 per ton, upon which we charlo the j duty of £6 por ton. Ten per cent, ou £oG will not I amount to £0, tho duty wo chargo on the raw material. Thercforo Ministers propo=e to follow in that special I item, as thoy have dono in this, tho example set them by others, including tbo hoe trade colony of New South Wales, and ask tho House to assent to a duty of 2d. iu j the £1 on confoetioneiy, in order that theie may bo tho proper difiorenco botwoon tho raw material and the ] manufactured article." i Mi:. Squiiif. VV. Pye, of Caprera, Parramatta, has left threo Saville orango seedlings at Messrs. Anderson j and Co.'s, seedsmen, Nos. 210 and 2lS, Pitt street, so j that those persons who take a deep interest iu tl.o cul- I tivar.ion of the orango may call and see the quantity of j fibre which Seville seedlings aro capable of producing. Is Saturday's Herald we «¡published from the Times i of Juno 2, a loiter hy Mr. C. M'L. M'Hardy on " Electricity v. Gas." A London papor, commenting tvi this communication, observes-"Tho calculations ' which the wiiter sends as data on which to form an i e'itimato s>« to tho comparative cost of gas and oleo tïicity aro interesting, but, so far as electric lighting ia concerned, tuoy aro purely theoretical, and therefore they cannot ho regaided as conclusivp. It is all very well to estimate what electric lighting ought to cost ; hut what is wanted is what it actually has cost where it has beon in use for oomo time. Mr. M'Hardy gives tho result of his calculations as follows:-Tho cost por hour appears to ho as follows, taking the gas at Ss. -Jd. per 1000 fe^t:-30d. for 200 electric incandes- cent lamps, giving 3200 to 4000 candle power ; 24d. for 23 Siemens gas lamps, giving 3190 candle power ; dOd. for 140 ordinary fish-tail gas lamps, giving 1083 carillo power ; dOd. for 200 Sagg's Christiana fiat flame, giving 3000 candió power, Even if theso ligures wore based upon íecorded results of tho cost of eleou'ic lighting, instead of being founded on more or less hypothetical ostimates, they coulel not be relied upon as giving any trustworthy indication of the comparativo cost of tho rival systems. As wo havo repeatedly had occasion to point out, candle power a fiords no real indi- cation of practical illuminating capacity. Tur. following ia tho roport of tho Sydney Hospital for tho week ended 22nd July:-Admitted-38 mules, ' II females: total. -19. Discharged-31 males, 12 Jornales: total 40. Died-7 males, 2 females: total, 9\. Remaining-130 males, 02 females: total, 198. The half-yearly meeting of tho Now South, Wales Bush Missionary Society waB hold at the Temperance Hall last ovening, when the treasurer submitted a state- ment of tho accounts, the election of officers took place, and tho missionaries gave somo information with respect to tho districts they had visited. Wr, learn from the Pall Mall Gazetta that lately tho French people and press havo beon discussing tho effort of M. Say's victory upon tho habits of the Cham- ber of Deputies. The vicious practico of " taking into consideration" proposals which it is not intended to proceed with, of expressing a Platonic affection for im- practicable changes, with all its distracting conso quonces, is thought to havo received a serious check. Hut it may he doubted whether oven its lato humiliation will havo any permanent effect upon a body so profoundly disorganized as tho presont French Chamber. "There is not a .deputy," says tho Liberte, who has uot his little- mensura in his pocket, and is determined at all risks to let it see tho light. It be- comes daily moro clear that, in tho absence alike of clear principles and powerful leaders among tha depu- ties, every successive French Government is at tho morey of accident and caprice. Whether or not scrutin de lUta would prove a remedy for this threatening ovil, tho need of sotno remedy, and that a speedy ono, can no longer be ignored. Tub moro aociablo and less dangerous tricycle is (says an English paper) fast gaining in popularity upon the moro rapid bicycle. As yet tho trioyolo only numbers it« hundreds whero ita elder rival counts its thousands, but before Jong tho proportion may bo reversed. Tho recent moot of 400 tricyoli-ts at Barnes has given great stimulus to tho demand for three wheelers. The Khedivo, who is said to coneolo hiniBolf in tho midst of h¡B difficulties at Cairo by tricycling, has ordered two new machines from au En Rush firm. Tho extent io whioh the trieyclo is being used hy ladies may possibly lead to the gradual introduction of tho much talked of but seldom seen duplex garment whioh figures so largely in the dress of tho futuro. For tricycling it ought to be quito as much a matter of course as tho riding-habit is for riding. This Dublin Freeman's Journal remarks on Home Rule:-" England is determined, if possible, to avoid the mistakes of the last century by which sho lost hor American colonies. All the great dependencies of tho British Empire have at presont practical internal in- dependence, save perhaps the vast country of India, which is governed by a system of satraps. Canada and tho divisions of Australia have Home B-ule lo the fullest oxtent. Tho people of England havo as little voico in tha government of these coionies as the people of Ireland have. Tho peopJo are all tho time loyal and contented subjects of tho Crown, whoso golden link alono unites them with tho mother country. Tho emblematic circlet is stronger than bayonets or batteries. Why will statesmen hesitato to give to Iroland that which has been so happy and Bucces.'ful in tho Now World and at the Antipodes, and for which India is deemed fit, and ripe, and ready ?" Tim Calcutta correspondent of tho Times states that the report on public instruction in Bengal for 1880-81 shows a total gain of 8131 schools of all descriptions, and of 107,407 pupils, in tho year. Calculated according to the recent census, out of 5,100,000 boys of school-going ago moro than one in six was at school ; among the girls tho propor- tion at school was about ono to 150. Of the total number of schools, 803 were Government schools and colleges, teaching 29,775 pupils ; 40,490 woro aided schools, teaching 777,178 pupils ; and 6714 wore unaided schools, teaching 121,541 pupils. The Govern- ment expenditure was 20,61,215 rupees, and the gross expenditure on education 55,80,000, to which Govern- ment contributed a little over 40 per cent. Thoro was a considerable increaso in tho number of Mahoraedan pnpils in tho primary schools, 31,000 out of 108,000 new pupils being Mahomedans. The chief event of tho year in connection with femalo education was the suc- cess for tho first time of two young Bongal ladies at tho first arts examination. It is estimated that the total out-turn of the Indian tea crop of 1882 will ha 51,010,0001bs. ; shipments to Australia and America will probably amount to 2,000,000)1)1?., the local consumption to l,500,0001bs., and 48,000,0001bs. will probably bo exported to the United Kingdom. In the article on "OldnndNow Sydney," published on Saturday, two or tinco typographical errors occurred in "M'b" communication ia lefeieuco to the old Supreme Court. Tho wold "south " wits omitted in ono sontenco, which should havo read, " Tho Judges sat in largo alcoves on tho couth Bidu of the respectivo courtrooms whero windows ure now placed." The words "coming home" were misprinted "Cunningham " in another sentence which should have stated that Fisher's ghost was said to have been seen "by a person coming home late one night." The sentence relating to Mr. Kerr's article in reference to this story of Fisher's ghost, should have read "The whole story in great detail will be found in Tegg's Magazine-the first article, I think. It was written by Mr. William Kerr." 