MR. BIXBY'S BATHING SUIT. BY MARY KYLE DALLAS. Mr. Bixby's bathing suit certainly was a very handsome bathing suit, and Mr. Bixby, being a very handsome man, looked woll in it. It sometimes occured to Mrs. Bixby that sho would be quito as well pleased if this were not so, and if sho did not so often hear of his fig uring in the orowd of bathers, who played the mermaid at Splashtown beach, morning and afternoon. Mrs. Bixby was sure he was not so fond of ducking her under tho waves. On those rare occasions when sho did ' go in,' ho allowed her to bob up and down, olutching at the rope for a while, and then asked her, very curtly, if she ' wasn't tired of it?' Sho generally was to tell the truth. Under such circumstances who would not have been? MrBixby was one of thoso beauty-men who gen erally snub their female relatives, and keep their charms for Bociety; but, besides this, he bore his wifo a particular grudge : She was the nieco of sevon vory old aunts and uncles, all immensely rioh, and all ' very fond of Matilda.' But perhaps they were not as fond of Matilda's husband, for since their marriage six of them had died, without leav ing her a penny. With each domise Mr. Bixby grew less affectionate. ' He married me for my expectations, no doubt,' poor Matilda thought to herself, as she regarded in the mirror, a countenance that had no particularly fine features ; and she, too, thought of tho thousands that might have been hers, if she had married some one moro agreeablo to her family. sno saton inoporcnaione,inispicasaniitjuiy lay, after Mr. Bixby had gone gallantly away seaward, with tho little waterproof satohel in ivhich he carried his bathing-suit, and Turkish iowelB, and thought of many things, and fell into such a deep brown study, that when jomo ono addressed her with : ' Your letters, Mrs. Bixby,' she started, and gavo a littlo :ry. 'Did I frighten you?' said tho_ voice of a Eellow-boarder. ' I didn't know' you wero nervous. I am dreadfully, but you aro al ways so composed. It is only to give you your Tetters. I brought them from tho DH1C0.' ' Thank you,' said Mrs. Bixby. ' I think I must have beon asleep,' and as the other lady passed on, she turned the missives over in her lap. There wero five of them ; ono, a letter with a black seal, Mrs. Bixby tore it open. It was as sho had oxpeoted. Hor Uncle Jedediah, aged ninety, was dead. That was sad. Mrs. Bixby took out her handkerchief, and read on. Her unole had left all his money to tho Asylum for Attorneys' Orphans. This was sadder still. The handkerohief was wet in an instant, and as her tears fell, Mr. Bix by's voice fell on her ear. '? I've como baek, Tilly. I promised to wait for some ono who is going to tho beach. You havo letters?' Mrs. Bixby wiped her oyes, and gavo him thoso with his name upon their envelopes. He simply held them, staring at tho black edged paper in her hand. 'How you like to torment me, Tilly,' ho said at last, ' what news have you?' ' Undo is dead,' she answored. 'Woll?' ' Ho has loft his money to a charity,' sob bod Mrs. Bixby. Mr. Bixby muttered an oath, and marched away. In tho hall of the hotel -a lady of fascina ting air, and littlo pencilled lines under hor handsomo oyos, met hinv — probably by acci dent. Tho two wont toward tho beach to gether, talking earnestly. ' Certainly, ho married mo for my oxpeo tations,' said Mrs. Bixby, and went to her room to wcop with moro freedom. She did not oven go down to dinner that evening, and Mr. Bixby did not come up to ask why. Absut midnight thero was consternation in tho hotel. Mrs. Bixby was making inquiries about Mr. Bixby, and tho last seen of him was in tho water. Various persons know of his entering it in his handsomo bathing dress. Nobody had seon him como out. There was great oxcitement with tho coming dawn. Various young ladies reported him as ' swim ming beautifully' at tivo o'olock. Ho had triodto teach one to swim. It was evident that ho was drowned. Mrs. Bixby was going from ono room into another upstairs, and calling on hor dear, darling, lovely Augustus, to forgive her hor coldness. Sympathetic - ladies filled the room, doctors wero called in, and reportors were jotting down paragraphs. Meanwhile another lettor, with a black seal, addressed to Mrs. Bixby, arrivod at the hotel. When she was able to read it, sho did so. It was from her lawyers. A later will of her Undo Jedediah's had been discovered. He had taken a dislike to one of tho trustees of tho ' Attorneys' Orphans,' and had loft all hia fortune to his ' dear niece, Matilda Bix by.' ' If poor Augustus had but lived to sharo it,' sobbed tho widow. But, after all, it was a consolation. Sho remained at the hotel all winter, visited by grave legal gentlemen, and wearing the deepest weeds. In Spring she bought a cot tage near tho beach, furnished it luxuriously and beoamo a regular summer resident. Wealthy, flattered, courted, sho became quito handsomo. Attentions wero showered upon her. Serious offers were made for her hand. At length Jenkins, tho reportor, mentioned, in a long-winded paragraph, tho faots of hor 'Romantic History;' how her fortune had beon left her when sho was plunged in agonies of griof, how much her 'residence' was worth, and what hor orapo cost a yard. And ono suitor, moro persistent than the others, wound' himself about her heart. Sho had determined to remain a widow, but she was vory lonely. Sho had vowed to marry no handsome man. This man whom she preferred was not handsome; Ho had one crossed eyo and a club foot ; but Matilda be lieved that sho should be perfectly hapB*ivith him. ^B Her mourning faded into lilac silk and vio lets, white tulle and pansies. And ono day sho walked upon the beach, slowly making up her mind as to the form in which her accept ance of a written offer, which sho had re ceived, should be couched, when, looking out upon the sea, hor oyes met an object which petrified her with amazement. It was simply a swimmer, who, having gained a spot where, the water was only up to his waist, was advancing toward her; hut the surprising point in this otherwise very ordi nary object was that it woro Mr. Bixby's bath ing costume. His wife knew it too well to bo mistaken. Had she not embroidered that pattern on tho collar herself ? Was not that braid made to order ? Were not tho buttons some which had descended from tho past? Real gold buttons — too good, Mrs. Bixby had over and over again averred, for a bathing suit. The widow turned faint as she gazed, for not only did sho know the dress, but the handsome head above it. . She knew that it was Mr. Bixby's ghost. Her limbs failed her. Slip sat down on the sand, and hid her face in her trembling hands. But now a splashing sound of feet treading tho damp beach roused her. She looked up. The spectre stood beside her, looking very solid, indeed, for a ghost, and it spoke, and said : 'Don't be frightened, Tilly, dear. I am not an apparition. I am your own Augus tus, look up, love. Look up.' And fell exhausted — or so it seemed to Matilda — at her side. TVTnfil/ln all riolro*! nlncmnrl Iiitm t'n liar nvma wet as he was ; sobbed that the joy of that moment would be too much for her, and never thought for a moment of marvelling how a gentleman who had disappeared in the sea should walk out of it alive and unharmed a year afterward. But Mr. Bixby explained, nevertheless. He had swam out too. far, and been picked up' by a boat attached to a whaling vessel — the Sea Gull, Captain Brown — lie was careful to ex plain ; had been ill and delirious for weeks, and only recovered to find the ship driving before a fearful gale, which wrecked her in mid-ocean. With seven others he took to a raft, and was cast on a deserted island, where he had since lived tn his bathing suit, subsist ing on shell-fish and berries. And how at last, knowing himself to bo a good swimmer, he had resolved to mako a bold stroke for lifo. ' And here I am,' added Mr. Bixby. Poor Matilda, crediting every word of hia abominable falsehood, again embraced him. ' And what must havo been your struggles, my poor wife ?' sighed the tho husband. Thon Matilda astonished him by an ac count of her legacy, and conducted him home, to the amazement of every one who met them — joy in her eyes and in her poor, honest heart. Left alono in his apartment while the faith ful wife prepared beef tea and other restora tives, for the individual she had recently been in tho habit of alluding to as ' her sainted husband,' Mr. Bixby indulged in astonishing fits of silent laughter, and several times re peated to himself : flTTnnf* ih I wne fliova nnnv otmli o fnnl ne Tilly ?' and a tramp who wandered on the shore was at the same timo overjoyed by the discovery of a rather seedy suit o£ clothes, in the pockets of which, besides several reproach ful-pink notes, signed Rosalie, he found a Chicago nowspaper in which the enterprising reporter's account of Mrs. Bixby's ' romantic history,' her good fortune, and hor seaside mansion had been faithfully copied. However, Mrs. Bixby, having a good deal in hor power, was not as often snubbed in tho future as she had been in the past. Her hus band no longer flirted in her presence, and she considers herself an exceedingly happy wo man, and is very fond of repeating the story of Mr. Bixby's adventures, which she has no doubt the whole world believes as thoroughly as she docs. 