Cuapteu XIX. And so, for the second timo, Caleb [Tallidny had ' changed his mind' about returning to Chatton. . To Chattou only. For oven at this particular .season, when the lonelv nxuoct of his cotttiuu and the silent ministr.,ti(ins of good Mrs Nonkes might have been supposed 10 exorcise a more than usually depressing effect on the young man's spirits, he wns resolute in declining all invitations to take up his abode under Sir John Bell's r'ojf.. Even Mrs. Powlett fuilud to shake his de ter- mination . , . Purha|ifi Caleb wan of opinion that the bourn of freedom Irom Miss Bull's in fluence which he thus gained wore calcu lated to suHluin liiin in the good resolu tions he hnd mndc somo time before. Perhaps absence nnd his return to old business habits had effected n cure of his slight iriiiadv, and made him indifferent to the young benuty's dangerous charms. But nt uny rate ho seemed to have quite recovered the position he hnd held before the affair of the sprained ankle, and was pohte — no more — to Sir John Bell's daughter. With Mnmey Pn«et he entered into n breezy little flirtation which wns exactly after Unit jolly young- woman's heart waltzed with her for hours of an evoning to patient Dully 'a'piano, played bezique with her, laughed with her, and wns fond of dropping in the little curate's modest lodgings the village china- shop, to smoke n pipe in Nnt's den, nnd drink a cup of ten in Miss Mnmey 'h front parlour. lu'sley of c.iurso hoard of these pro ceeding!* from hot- friend, mid tried her best no I 10 show the annoyance which I hoy caused 'her. She had never told iMnmey Imw much .cause she had to dislike' young Hnllidny, nnd now, aa mattfis stood, it would naturally be im posHible fur her to mnke n tardy con fcssioii .of the truth to the curate's sister ' .-''?'-'' Mamey might suppose that she was jealous. Jealous of Caleb Halliduy ! Lesley smiled n wan and scornful smile at the but e idea of such an absurdity, nnd resolved to hold her tongue and allow Mnmey to uinnngo her. own love-nffaira. If uny tiling should come of it, the match would uf course bea splendid one for tho littlo governess — only uhe wns a thousand lituei too good for the Manchester man —nnd Lesley wuulil be tliu last person in the world to Btnud iu the wuy of [mother girl'd promotion. Still it w.ih rather hard to feel hersulf neglected dny after day, to havo to 3ndure, instead of inflicting, those keen it tit) pangs of mortificutiou at winch she inil so olluu laughed iu uthor people's jases. Shu hail not even poor vontiinental Archie to fail back nn. And, though the was of course perfectly indifferent to Sir. Caleb Haliiday personally, the eerie* of potty nnnoyances- to which his be haviour wns'suhjecting her had the effect before many days of making her look pule and dispirited again, and of lending n little pathos to her voice and manner which most men would hnve found very hard indeed to resist. When the young man came into her sitting-room of a morning and. found Mamey there, Lesley would immediately begin to make talk with Mrs. 'Powlett, or would take up a book, as if to leave the field clenr for. the merry governess. If she had occasion to demand thesmallest courtesy of Mr. Hallidny, it was done in such' an' apologetic, ' almost timid wny that the young man felt hurt, and would for n time nssume a certain empressement, if bohiid itnot. ^ .- But half an hour later he would be nt Mamey's sido again, bending over her coronet of blnck plaits,' or sitting at her feet to hold her skein of silk, and Miss Bell would be left, jo; herself, her pnle, prelty fnce meeting the laughing pnir like n silent reproach, if they- happened to turn thoir eyes in'her direction. Not thut Mamey Pnget ment to ba unkind, or would, for all the world, hnve hurt the girl who had been so good to her nnd Nat; but she did not understand how it wan with Lesley — so she told her brother more than' once. And, after several cheery, puzzled attempts to pluck out the heart of t lint young lady's mystery she was faiu to decide that Lesley had a secret sentimental trouble of her own, perhaps relnting to that handsome cousin who was nwny.y What else could account for the remarkable change in her since Inst yenr — a change .which' bud trans formed the hnppy, hardy, . blooming .coquette she remembered into thin pale, silent, listless little ghost of that former self? '.''??'?. ' It is n thousand pities,' thought Mnmey, ruefully. 'If ever a girl had everything *iu 0i9''world to mnke her happy, that girt is Lesley Ball ; and yet only just look nt Jier ! ; Oh. denr me! If she had a few; troubles like mine jo put up with, there 'would be some reason for her melancholy; looks And I— I cannot even got thin on them.' With which tii'e' laughing governess would nctunlly look solemn for five minute*, and would. probably tnke a little cheap locket from her pretty bosom and kiss it, and hide i« away agniu with a sighofclnerful resignation. . From which it would seem that Miss Mamey bad secrets of hor own, which she had not thought it udvisnble as yet to confide to her friend ' ? But it wns Mnmey's way to put off to the day the evil thereof, and to make the moat of her brief; holiday before going back to the drudgery of loneliness of her schoolroom in Upper Baker Street ; and no doubt. she was of opinion that the discussion of inevitable delays and privations would v not be profitable or cheerful to either -Lesley or herself. One nftt-rnoon the two girls resolved to walk down to. Miss Ball's schools and inspect the progress of Jano Morris's wedding outfit, which Lesley hnd asked the mistrers to put iu haiul without delay after hearing the. 1. aw of I he engagement. Sir J-ihn nud Caleb Haliiday bnd been ?nit rabbit-ahooting togi-t.lier idl dny, and tim'i had hung rather heavily on the hnnda of tho tw6: ladies at Heyeot, Mnmey's appearance, with the luncheon - trny— sho declared she hnd timed it care fully— wns hiiled ns ;n relief, and Mrs. Powlett then ordered. both the girls out fora coup'e of hours' tramp through thw forest bound park. There was nothing for it but to obey, and Lesloy did- hor best to shnko off the unonsy feeling of restraint which' hnd sprung up. botweou. her nnd her friend, as thev set off dowiiithe avenue. v Tho young heiiuss was muffled to her fnir chin in sealskin nndbr.iwn velvet, nnd n glonm of golden hair shone through her littlo spotted, veil. Mamoy wore her usual: nent grny garments, And that stiff scarlet feather in -.Ber- hat about which Nat was rnthi-r inclined to be shocked,' but which ' wns 'so becominiug to his sister's saucy dark face that he had not the heart to .; exert his, authority and. suppress the k cliiring little, plume altogether. !; ' '; ; : ; A wintry sun was shinipg on the suowy trees nnd. liolIows'Md' robin wns piping a cheerful song ; and nn occasional shot rang through the still keen air from the neighbouring wo-.:ds.:.i' -; ' 1 1 wonder what sport they are having? began Mnmey. ??'JSir John says Mr Hallidny is 0 cnp^tiil^shot.' .', ' ; ... Losley shrugged 'her shoulders. c :'.--t-: [To l^e-. continuod.) 