SOME DIFFICULTY ABOUT THE CALLS. ? Now, my dear,' said Mr. Spoopendyke, ' let me see the list of ladies you want me to call on. I realty don't care to go around much, but a man ought to do what his wife wants him to do on New Year's Day. Where's the list ?' ' Here it i? ' said Mrs. SDOODendvkp. fluttering around with her hair in h -r mouth. ' I wrote tbem all out with the addresses for you. so you wouldn't have any trouble.' ' Wuat makes you put old Sister Lamb at the head of the list ?' growled Mr. Spoopen dyke. * She's got a wart on her chin the size of a fire-ball, and she can't talk anything but. the advantages of egg over stove coal for heating the. Sunday school.' 'But she bslongs to the church, and I don't believe anyone else will call on^her,' reasoned Mrs. Spoopendyke. 'She will be tickled to death to see you.' 'What do yon think I'm starting out for?1' demand d Mr. Spookendyke, very fiercely. ' Got an idea I'm going around like a missionary to carry the jtospel to people everybody else is afraid of? Who's this F Whafs this second name here? .Who's Mrs. Shklymbretov ?' ~* That's Mrs. Wolverton. I promised her you would call. Never mufti Mrs. Lamb, bat you ought to call on Mrs. Wolverton ?' 'Whflt for? What has she got in com mon with me, except that her bones are hollow? She don't know the difference between a Guinea pig and the burning of Jerusalem. Always wants to know if. I didn't think that Sodom and Gomorrah were parables. Is that tbe kind of list you've made out ? Want me to run around among the old monuments ? Who's Miss Swash ?' . . 'That's Mrs. Smith, the little widow. You know she's interested in sending women out west to get husbands. She'll amuse you.' - ? She will if she sees me. She'll make me laugh like a hyena if she gets one eye on me. Who's that yellow-headed girl that sits two pews in front of us? I'd call on her, now.* ' ' She's a little chit of a thing. You don't want to run after those young people, a man of your age.' ' What's the reason I don't ?' howled Mr. Spoopendyke ' Got an idea that I only care for the tough old people, haven't you ? Think I'm a sort of Plymouth Rock, doB't you ? Got. any more old landmarks that need insp -ction V . . *'I don't care !' remonstrated Mrs. Spoo pendyke ; * the'yre nice people, and I like to cultivate them. They may be along in life, but they can't help it.' 1 Cultvate 'em, if you want to,' growled Mr. Spaopetiuyko; 'but if you think I'm going hoeing around among- *em on the 1st of Janpary, you're left. What d'ye want to cultivate 'em for ? With your friends and ideas, .you only need weekly prayers and an alarm of 3re to be an old woman's home. Who else have you got here? Mrs. Sliggon «pratt,'Mr8. -Wpntenslough, Miss Klmpzf — ' ? You: don't. reaa them right at. all/ com plained . Mrs. Spoopendyke. ' That's Mrs. Silverepoon, and Mrs. Worthington, and Miss Hemmingway. They are just as nice as they can be.' ? Are they the three eld worthies who howl in the choir ?' asked Mr. Spoopendyke, sternly. ' They've got a grandson old enough to be my father.' 'They haven't,' sobbed Mrs. .Spoopendyke. ' You know better.- r r ' . ' Well, most of 'em have. What d'ye want me to call on them for? Got any more old almanacs expecting me ? Where's the Sphinxs ? Yon haven't got the Sphinx down here, or the- Tower of Babel. Who're these other pyramid*. Who's Mrs. Upside down ?' : ' That's Mr^ Edgerton. She sent you the jelly when: -you were sick,. and you said she was the best woman in Brooklyn. You'll have to.call on her for politeness,' said Mrs. Spoopendyke, severely. 'I. won't either!' shouted Mr. Spoopen dyke. 'The jelly., was sour, and she made me pay a dollar toward a plaster of Paris angel for a. starving familyout it Flatbush. , Who's this other nurse of George Washing ton's. Here, this is a mistake; I went to old Mies Schumslock's funeral thirty years ago.' ?: : ?:??..?? 'You didn't ! You never did V proclaimed Mrs. - Spoopendyke, - thoroughly aroused. '.That isn't her name either.- It's Miss Schofield, and she is the best friend I've got. I only want — ' \- ' I know what you want,' hissed Mr. Spoo. pendyke. * You want a few mors acquaint ances and a map to be a guide bx-k to ancient Troy. Think I am going to call on that old monolith ? Got anything here that belongs to modern times? Know anybody who has been dug up within six or eight cen turies ? Who's that black-eyed girl in the Bible class ? Don't she hang out a flag to day ?' ?I wouldn't look at her,' sniffed Mrs. Spoopendyke ; ' I wouldn't have you go there for worlds. Besides, she don't re ceive.' 'What's this?' demanded Mr Spoopen dyke 'What's Mrs. Wimpqitvxq got to do with it ? What cemetery will I tf nd her far* 4 That's Mrs. Willoughby,' explained Mrs. Spookendyko, complacently. 'She's the young widow who recently joined tbe church.' 'I don't mini calling on her,' said Mr. Spoopendyke. 'She wasn't born more'n four, thousand 'years before the Christian era. Got any more like her? Does this measly list contain- anybody' 'else who wasn't the mother of the Chinese Empire? Think of any more gravestones that havn't bad the epitepfis-wdMtfoff'?' -. .- . .. ?No/ replied Mrs. Spoopendyke, ; coldly ; ' and now I . remember, Mrs. Willoughby receives calls with friends in Buffalo.' ' Dod gast your dod gasted list !' howled. Mr. Spoopendyke, dancing oh the 'unhappy' doc merit. 'What d'ye think I am— a ghoul?' iS'pose I'm. going to prance around among all t he measly old ghosts in Brook lyn? S'pose I'm going to swash around and eat cake and drink lemonade with a lot of illustrations of the Silurian period ? Think Pen going to spend the day with a lot of articulated old skeletons just because they belong to the same church that I do ?' and Mr.- Spoopendyke popped out of the house like a bunk, and went next door to see if his friend Tortor thumb knew any mommies of whose history there was some tradiiiju-. ? ' -'? ' Idou't care*' said Mra. Spiopendyke, as eh a whirled around two or three times to practice kicking her train, ' if ' he don't call on;the church people they'll be hopping mad, and if he does he won't have much of a time, so he'll wish he' was dead either way.' — Brooklyn Eagle. ?'.,?..? Advanced Gibls School. — We are reques ted to call attention to an advertisement on this subject in our business columns. ' Australia has 10,000 species of flowering plants. Heterson, the mailmai between Car 1 well and Junction Creek, was drowned by the floods. His horse g)t off the track, and h ? was unable to swim. 