HOLLYCROVE HOUSE. A MYSTERY. Ik Fode Chapters. — Chapter II. We were lively enough at breakfast, although the snow lay thickly outside, and the sun struggled feebly through a cold grey mist. Indoors all was warm and bright, and we were a pleasant eompany. After breakfaEt, we went down to the ice, and there we enjoyed ourselves — really and truly enjoyed the exercise, the clearing air, the bright young girls we were guiding over the dark face of the frozen mere. It was a pleasant morning. After luncheon, Severn met me in the front hall, a puzzled look on his handsome face. ' See here, Tottenham. I've been talking to Kent abont that row last night. He says the servants were all in bed eleven, and 1 that he himself turned in as the clock was striking twelve.' Then, drawing me into the porch, he continued : ' I cannot but think there was a trick of some sort played upon us. I certainly heard that door open.' 4 So did I.' ' Well, here's an odd thing : The workmen left this part of the house yesterday at three, so the foreman tells me, yet I certainly saw one of them in there when I was going down to the station at four.' He pointed to the library window. That might be easily accounted for,' I said, feeling a kind of light break upon me. Suppose some one of the fellows is an ill- disposed! hound, or inclined to rob your wife's jewel-box, he might easily remain concealed when the others had gone away, and creep about the house until he found what he sought.' ' Kent tells me the men now at work here are ail natives of the place, with the exception of the foreman, who is from Gilder's, in London,' Charley said. 'Well, yon may rely upon it something will tarn ap which will explain the whole affair,' I said. 'After all, a gust of wind might have blown down some of the loose boards lying abont here, and kicked up no end of a row.' ' What mischief are yon two plotting ?' a silvery voice broke in upon us. ' Major Tottenham, you must not try to lead my husband back into his wicked bachelor ways. You are a dangerous man and not to be trusted.' . ' I am sorry you have such a bad opinion of me, Mrs. Severn,' I said, turning round with a laugh. 'You used to think better of me once upon a time.' 'Ah! that was -when I was yoong and foolish,' she replied gaily. 'Bemember, I am an old married woman now.' 'An old married woman of a month's standing,' Charley remarked. 'How very sober we have grown.' ' I am learning how to keep yon in order, at any rate, Master Charles,' she said ; ' and I do not want you to go back into those naughty habits you used to indulge in in olden days.' Don't you pity me, Tott? he said, turning a piteous face upon me. 'Poor henpecked mortal ! Let my cruel fate be a warning to you.' ' Pity you ? No, indeed ; I envy you, you lucky dog,' I retorted. ' Well, then, follow his example. Go and do likewise,1 Etty said, meaningly. ' If I could ; but then I'm afraid I am too late,' I answered. ' Too late V She looked questioningly in my face. Too late ?' 'Yes,' I replied; 'too late. I am a battered old hulk ; no one would think of me.' ' I am not so sum of that, Major Totfcen- , ham.' Charley walked away. ' Come and look at the greenhouses,' said his wife. I went with her. 4 1 wish you would make a friend of me,' she said, as we passed through the fine old hedge of closely- trimmed holly which bounded the garden. ' I have half an idea that I could help you — that is, if you want to be helped,' she added, casting a scrutinising glance at me. I mattered some incoherent nonsense about being highly flattered by her offered friend ship and that I hoped as Charlie's wife ' Fiddlesticks !' she cried, stamping her little foot. ' It's not as Charlie's wife I want to befriend you, but as Katie's ' What she was going to add I know not, for, just at this moment, we turned a comer full upon Kathleen Maguire and Albert Bedfern lounging along the path together. The young man's arm was lightly laid around the girl's slender form, and, althongh her face was turned away, there was quite enough in the way in which she loitered by her cousin's side to show that the caress was not dis agreeable to her. Provoking,' Etty murmured. Just as I was about to explain.' ' I hardly think an explanation is neces sary,' I answered, turning on my heel and stalking out of the garden. It was not until I had time to cool down that I remembered how rude I had been to my eweet hostess. I sulked about the place, feeling half inclined to drive off to the station and hide my jealous I head in my good old mother's comfortable j home at Cheltenham. And yet, I thought, ' what an idiot I am 1 Why, the girl has never ; been more than commonly civil to me ; what I right have I to be vexed with her because she ' prefers another man — a man, moreover, whom she has known all her life?' Thus calling reason back to my aid, I retraoed my Steps, and was failing fart far thip timey for it waa after ; four o'clock, and thetall hedge, overshadowed by great silver-pine trees, made the old garden gloomier than it ought to have been/ - even with the darkness of ' a winter evfoing gathering upon it. : Ihomed along the path j to the greenhouses, bu| nor one was to he seen, and turned into the neatest one, hoping ; to find someone there. Only la smart-looking lad was fastening up. the doors as- 1 passed through. Evidently they had all gone else where; perhaps back to the house. T lighted a cigarette, and strolled out of the garden along the hedgerow and back to the porch. - As I came to the dOor, I met half-a-dozen workmen coming xouxtd-a corner of the house. They touched their caps to me as they Went by, and it ocenrred to me that, there was not one ill-looking or untrustworthy face amongst them. I looked after them and counted them. There were seven in all. - I lounged into the porch, for a light sprinkling of snow was beginning to fall, and I felt certain my good little hostess wonld not ; mind my cigar. There were haU-a-dozen big china affairs scattered through the porch — things like barrels, bluer red, and green — i which I knew were meant for seats, so I ! perched myself on one of them, and smoked 1 myself into a comparatively serene frame of j mind. I was sitting thus, gradually getting j back into my normal condition, when some- thing attracted my attention — some feeling of ; a person coming down the passage from the j hall. I cannot say that I heard any sound ; j only I felt that someone was at hand. I : looked ap the entrance-hall and saw a mas i walk out of the library, pans6 a moment as if ; to listen, then move swiftly and silently up towards the hall. I saw that it was not Severn, neither, as far as I could make out in ; the twilight, did the figure wear a workman's | dress. I know not what' impulse came upon j me. A. thought that this was the person : whose nocturnal ramblings had. disturbed us j last night, and a fear for Mrs. Severn's well- j filled jewel-case, impelled me to jump up and ! follow the man. When I reaehed the hall, : Kent and his subordinate were lighting the lamps and setting out the tea table. 1 Who was it that came in jnst before me, Kent ?' I asked. The man— I had known him for many years — looked at me in surprise. ' No one, Major Tottenham,' he said. 'Yes, someone came out of the library, and walked in here, by that door, a moment ago.' ' I saw no one, sir ; did you, Paul?' The young footman shook his head. ' No, sir ; I've been here tor some little time, and I saw no one, sir,' he said. ' This is very odd,' I said, a sudden flash of thought eoming upon me. These two men might be in league with a third. Etty must . vr.teh her jewels. And yet Kent had grown to manhood at Beckley Chase, Sir Oliver Severn's place, Charlie's home, and he had been six years in Severn's service. Paul I knew nothing of. Might not this larking j figure be a confederate of the smart-looking j young fellow who stood facing me looking so j innocently into my eyes? j ' I tell you I saw a man walk up the pas- ; sage and come in here,' I said, decidedly. ' I ! could not be mistaken.' \ ' Well, sir, I did not see him,' Kent replied, ! 'and I don't think he could well have come in : without, but I'll not be positive.- Perhaps he went upstairs, sir.' True ; from the position of the stairs he might have crept up them unobserved while the men were busy about the fire. ' We had better see,' I said ; and, followed . by the two men, I ran up the wide staircase, j Etty was coming along the gallery, her ' trailing gown making a soft rustle as she I moved. She seemed surprised. to see me with the two men at my heelB. j ' Anything wrong ?' she said, looking ques- j tioningly at me. ' No— no,' I said ; 1 only — where's Charlie?' I ' Charlie ? Beally I do not know. He went : with Bertie to the stables — the horses came at three o'cloek. I don't know where he went afterwards.' ' Never mind ; it's of no consequence,' I stammered out. I'll see him when he eomes in.' - - The servants went oat, and, passing along the gallery, vanished somewhere or other. Etty and I remained alone. ' Major Tottenham,' she said, with an anxions uplifting of the brow which was ; habitual to her, ' you may consider yourself a fairly good actor, but you can't deceive me. ! There is something wrong.' ; ' No, indeed ; I assure you, Mrs. Severn, I only wanted to see Charlie. I find — I must go to my mother for a day or so.' She laughed. \ ' I thought so,' she said. . I am pledged to ' hold my tongue, but I never promised for j Charlie — no, not I. Will yon kindly postpone your departure for a day or two? I see by i your face you will ; and, Major Tottenham, j please, please open your eyes and see your ' mistake. I am bound not to say any mpre. j Come and have some tea.' ! She took my arm with such a charming ! gesture; and led me back to the hall with so much gentle firmness, that I was powerless to , resist it, and presently the other two girls ' appeared — Cissy in a charming out-of-door I dress (Templer had been giving her another ' lesson on the ice) and Kit in a close-fitting . gown . of some dark stuff — to my mind the : sweetest of the three. Mistake ! what mistake had I made ? Surely, surely there could be but one inter pretation to the evident understanding established betwgeen Bedfern and his cousin? Mistake! Was I mistaken in everything?! Had my eyes deceived me, or my imagination played me a trick, when I saw that man's j figure go up the passage and "disappear into , the hall ? I sat puzzling over the perplexing j things which were meeting me hero at every i turn, nntil Severn's gay voice came ringing across the hall. \ The playful, bantering tea-t&ble; talk went \ on from one to the other merrily. I heard it flying from lip to lip, but yet I had not the heart to join in, neither did Kathleen take very much part in it. She had a way of coming out with a smart saying quite unexpectedly, which was not a little discon certing sometimes. Se had a ready wit, and a slight, ever so slight, vein of satire under- 1 lay her sweetness, and gave a certain amount j of piquancy to her remarks which made them unlike the commonplace inanities of other young women — at least, I thought so—but i "ji ijiu i i -"ggggggSBBE J l II J! . %ow. foe silent, chance of dipping in one ©f sayings go by, until at last Immth— « Eh, Kit, are you tont&ed; evening ? You flo ttot ueem for any of ns. a Shestarted/ blushing furiously. I wasthroking,' foe faltered out. , . _ Thinking.! Whatdo young '2S2' to think about,; ESttyr Severn himself down on the louhge beside KatWeen., 1 never could discover what "they occupy their thoughts unless they, took up a Whim — or fell in loye.' - .« 'Don't you think- a new gown wouia afford some-matter for thought?' Cissy Bain, meditatively- , , , . 'Kit is above thinking of clothes, laughed Severn. „ _ , ' Above thinking of my clothes Yon must think me a very extraordinary perscn, Charlie !' Kathleen exclaimed. I can yon very few women rise to such a height that they can become indifferent to what they wear. I am not one of the few.' ' Well, then, were your thoughts in your wardrobe when you sat looking as--if yon neither heard nor saw what was -going on around yon ?' Severn asked. No; they were not,' Kathleen said, her colour rising still more. Gome, some, I will not havs Kit worried, Etty cried out from the tea-table. You are not bound to answer impertinent questions, Kit ' Worried 1 Was I worrying you ? ' Severn said. ' I did not in the least mean it.' I know yon did not,' she said softly, and rose from her seat. 1 1 was thinking of a letter £ must finish in time for post, so I must rnu awayand get it ready. She left us, going into the drawxngroom. Bedfern looked after her. ' She says she must go home to. her people In Ireland ; that fehe cannot bear to be away from her brothers and her father while they are in such a state of danger,' he said in a low voice to Etty, I have said all I can to her, but it's no use. Will you fey and bring her to reason — do your best to put such nonsense out of her head? Yes,' Etty answered ; ' I'll try ; it won't be my fault if I don't succeed.' . She looked aoross at me. I wondered what she oould mean, but I said nothing. Templer and Cissy were deep in some affairs of iheir own. Bedfern got up and sauntered into the conservatory ; Etty went after him. Find ing myself alone with Severn, I called him to eome out into the porch, and as we went down the hall together I shook the library door. It was locked. Sitting- amongst the flowers and coloured leaves, I told Severn what I had seen, and how I had followed the fignre into the hall. He listened with an expression of unmixed annoyance on his face, and pondered for a moment or two. ' I'll tell you what it is,' he said at last, 'if you don't mind we'll go down to the village and see the foreman. Some of the men axe at the bottom of this, believe me, and if so' — he eienehed his hand, his brow darkened — ' I pity him if I eatch him,' he muttered. The . wind was moaning fitfully amongst the dark trees as we went out into the cold and dismal scene. There was a moon in the sky, but her light was obscured by masses of drifting vapour, and only a yellowish glare showed her whereabouts. The sprinkling. of snow which had driven me indoors was now supplemented by a mixture of icy rain. - It was not a pleasant evening to be out of ; doors. Charlie and I pushed on bravely, although the path 4 by which we went was almost ankle-deep in melting snow, and every step brought us into deeper and deeper drifts of it. Still we trudged on, not speaking much, : keeping our facet buried in the collars of our ulsters, for to smoke would have bean trying in the teeth of such a wind. The village lay in the dip of' the hills behind HoUygrove, something less thate a mile off, and twenty minutes' struggle with wind and weather landed us safely in the little cluster of houses which called itself a village. It was easy to find Mr. Pink, Gilder'B foreman. His lodgings were in the post-office, general dealer's, chief baker's, combined in one, which, next to the vicarage, was the largest and most imposing house in the village. He was evidently much surprised by what both Severn and I had to tell. Well, sir,' he said, ' I can answer for it the library door. was locked fast enough by two o'clqck yesterday, and to my knowledge no one has been in there to-day, for the panels for the bookcases have not been sent -down from town yet, and thiqgs in that room are at a standstill for the present.' Severn looked at me. ' Conld anyone get at the key?' I asked, ' Well, sir, anybody might have a second key, but no one could get our key. Here it is in my pocket. He produced a bunch of keys, selected one, and showed it to as.' 'It has not been ont of my possession since the work began,' he said. There was a quiet dignity about the man which carried conviction along with it. We both felt it would be impossible to doubt his word, and yet neither of as conld have been mistaken as to what we had se en. Someone must have made out a second key,' Severn said. 'I should very much like to have a look round the library ; that is, if you will lend me your keys — or will you come back with us yourself ? It's a bad night, it is true, .but then I am most anxious to get to the bottom of this, and I should very much like yon to come ?' ' Yes, sir,' Pink said ; 1 1 was just going to offer to come, for I want to get to foe bottom of it, too. Our walk back was simply a repetition of our walk to foe village, only I thinly the slush was wetter and the wind Colder; we were delighted when we saw the lamps gleam ing across the snow and knew we were near home. Severn Opened foe hall dofcr quietly, and, with as little noise as it was possible for three men to\make, we entered the hall. Taking one of the lamps from its stand, the master of the house approached foe library door. It was fast locked. I thought so, cried the foreman, turning to us/ 'It is very odd,' Severn said, , but as we are here we may as well take a look round.' Pink unlocked and flung open foe door, ttuwhoM- puroundfoe door lklpooni was|Iiled with . the choking, disgusting odourwh%hai ro startled hs tbe pjripas night, aod which had bameppn ira ui «J bedroom. We looked at eaoh ofoer. . _ r .'Drains?' said Severn, turning to foe foreman- " - >. \ >;» , , No, sir, not a day passes near this part of the house. We /had the floor up on account of that smell; 'twasn'i half as bad either/ r / ' «» o 'You noticed it before then? Yes, sir; here and in two of the upper rooms. 'Ah- 11 the room at foe corner?' I cried. . , Yes,' said Pink, turning on me sharply ; how do you know?' Because -I sleep in it, I said, and then I told Severn of my night's experience. He could only say ' How veiy strange !' and look at the foreman. What other room did you perceive it in ? I asked. The room corresponding to yours, on foe other side,' Pink replied. ' Kathleen's room,' Severn said ; I must ask her. No— don't, I cried, 'only get Mrs. Severn to put her somewhere else.' The foreman came forward quietly. 'Allow me, sir, he said, taking the lamp out ol Severn's hand and going fearlessly into the room. Emboldened by his example, we followed him. The same sense of an awful presence amongst us, vfliich I and the rest of our party had felt on the previous evening, e&me; upoo us now. Pink was like a ghost, 'Severn's face expressed unbounded horror and disgust. The foreman's eyes went round the room as if seeking for some thing, and I felt the same rush of blood to my heart as I had done on the night before, bnt foft loathsome smell seemed to drift away, and the dread sensation lessened in a moment. We went round the room, opened every press, poked the walls, flung back the shatters. Nothing was to be Been, nor, although we went through the whole of the front part of the house, did we come upon anything startling. As we returned to the hall we saw a white figure come gliding down foe Btairs. The foreman started, bnt to me there was nothing very surprising in it. It was only Cissy Bedfern in a soft clinging white gown, dressed for dinner. She looked at ub. 'Why — not dressed ! We were wondering what had become of yon. Etty has been sending everywhere for you, Charlie, and we went to listen at your door' Major Totten ham. We heard yon fussing about inside,' she said. Did you?' I asked, and then I remembered myself. The girls must not know of foe mysterious things going on around us. We'll soon be ready, I said, opening foe drawingroom door for her. Qnoe she had disappeared, I beckoned to foe foreman. Come with me,' I said, we do not want foe ladies to be frightened, but I'd like you to oome to my room.' We went upstairs together and entered foe warm, bright, luxurious apartment. A faint sickly smell seemed to linger about in it, but there was nothing else. We held a brief consultation in whispers , and the man agreed to search the upper part of foe house while we were at ' To tell the troth, Pink,' said Severn, my wife's jewels are worth stealing, and I am rather anxions on their account, so many things of foe kind have been stolen of late. I'll take the most valuable of them to London to-morrow, but in foe meantime—1 In the meantime we must scurry into our clothes and eat our dinner as "best we can.— All the Year Bound, (TO BK eOKXQSXJBD.) 