THE RIGHT REV. DR. CANL TO THE EDITOR OF THE MORNING BULLETIN. SIB,-I uotioe in your papor of last Thursday u-hich has been sent to me, that some catholic in Brisbane has taken it on himself to say in a telegram tu some of your townspeople that Brisbaue unanimously shares the indignation of those Catholics in Rockhampton who would bring Dr. Caui to task for his connection with some chargeB made against tho late Ur, O'Quiuu. Will you allow me to say for the honour of the Catholics of Brisbane that nothing could be further from the truth. In proof I need only point to the manner in which we have received Dr. Donne, who was known to be io the cool shade of opposition for years and who was literally driven out of the diocese. He comes back to us with words of charity on his lips for his predecessor, but this is only what should be expected from him. He knows well what bis presence here agsin amongst os-thia time aa our Bishop and the appointment of Dr. Gani to Rock- hampton mean, as indications of the judgment of Rome. We know also that Rome, with all the facts before her-not the one-sided view that Rockhampton Catholics have before them -and with the guidance of Ihe Holy Spirit, is alone able to decide on such mattera, and we bow willingly and loyally to ber decision. Let us hope that the good people of your town will follow this truly Catholic example, and not be led astray by a few ignorant or excited individuals. They will find, after a little while, that Rome baa sent them a really holy and zealous pastor, who will be a blessing to them and their families. If we in Bris- bane had not Dr. Dunne for our Bishop we should certainly envy thc Catholics of Rock- hampton in having the builder of our Cathedral, and the most learned and most devoted priest who ever set foot upon our shores. It was a most improper proceeding on the part of "Veritas" to publish the protest against Dr. Can i being made administrator of this diocese. It was never intended for the public gaze, and there are few priests whose names are attached to it who will thank him for doing so. It is one thing to give an opinion concerning an administrator chosen by the metropolitan, and another to set one self up sgaiust thc decision of Rome as some of your people are doing at present. The Am Iralian said when the news of theso two bishops being appointed first reached us that the only question for Catholics was whether they really were appointed. If so, our duty is simply obedience and loyalty. If Dr. Cani should fail in bis duty (a thing which no one who knows him could imagine) the Catholics under biB charge will always have a right to address legitimate complaints to the legitimate authorities. But thcBe public meetings, particularly for the object at present in view, are thoroughly uncatholic, and I hope will never be heard of again amongst the faithful people of Rock- hampton. They owe their new bishop a hearty welcome after this disagreeable little episode, and I have no doubt but they will show him how generous and warm-hearted Irishmen can be and, above all, how faithful to tbe successor of Peter by whom he has been eent, Yours, ¡co., Usrrv, Brisbane, April 3, We have been requested to publish the J following letter addressed by the Kev. Father Mulhall P.P. Mackay to the Mackay j Mercury : Sir,-I see a letter in the Rock- hampton Bulletin of the 26th inst,, from a correspondent who aays that a meeting was lately held by the representatives of the Catholic body, not for the purpose as semper eodem aays in rebellion against the con- stitution of the Church, but to demand of Dr. Cani. the production of certain letters, relative to a syllabus of notorious charges made against the late lamented Dr. O'Quinn end the Irish priests, in order that he might place himself in a position to be received courteously by the Catholics of Rockhampton. I looked on this as on so much smoke, thinking all the Irish were in Mackay, till I received a letter signed by the leading people of the R,C. Church, Rockhampton, thia morning, not only asking me to demand, what the correspondent demands of the Dr., but more. My reply is, that I shall do noth- ing of the sort, for many reasons, too many to mention. First, when the Bishoprio was at stake, then was the time for the Irish to give their opinion, and they did so. 2nd, when the Holy Ghost bas given it message, my opinion is that neither lay nor clerical ought to question or ask a superior to give an account of his previous acts, at the risk of his not being nappy among the gallant people of Rockhampton. I love Dr. Cani as little and as much as tho people of Rockhampton, and I think now is not the time to ring at the door in Home and say you have not done your duty, believing in my heart and soul they did, because it is done. In saying what I say, I assure you that I am speaking faithfully, because I consider myself as independent of the Dr. as any person in Rockhampton. Now, Sir why do I write my answer through the columns of your paper, as well aa privately to the individuals who want my shoulder to the wheel. Simply thus. 1st, I believe that others as well as myself io the parish may be asked to give assistance, in what the Rock hamptonites only now are conscientious about. 2nd, I want to let my people see that when they spoke that, if any, was the time. If the rockhampton people want an Irish Bishop, if so why not lock tha stable door before the steed got out. I am of an opinion from their love ol St. Patrick, that St. Patrick would do it. Ai this is my first time to trouble yon, Mr. Editar. rjleaBe ffivesDace. Yours &c;, I M. P. MULHALL. Mackay, March 26, 1882. ¿ 