MEMBERS AT WORK. How doth tho little busy bee Improve each shining hour. —Dr. Watts. The process of reducing Parliament to a piece for the peddling of gossip may be con sidered to have reached its climax when we find Mr, Harris rising to cross-examine the Commissioner of Kail ways because one of his constituents last week left his railway ticket behind him. It is true that the House nF r'nmmnnB enmA SO vnnrfl ftlft WHS Agitated by a question concerning an apple: stall belonging to a Mrs. Ann Hicks. But that , wns exceptional, while tho infection for trivialities in our Assembly bids fair to be come permanent. It is .the -row of Harrises behind the Ministry whose lofty intelligences take' a pride in wrestling with subjects of this nature. And when some important question about a porter's bootlace, or a teacher's chimney, has been answered they settle back in their seats with the happy conviction that the eyes of - tho colony are upon them, and that an admiring constituency is crying out, " Well done." Thieda statesmanship of the sound Conservative pattern that revels among solemn trifles in a lordly way, varied only. by sneers at "burning questions." .Tack Gardiner saw right through tho Mirams and Bent job. It was a put up thing, said he, indignantly, and ought not to. he permitted. It is playing it down rather too thin to go through the farce of granting a special train and con veyances to take members to tho Grampians. They don't want to inspect the stone ; they want a picnic. The invalid Mirams long3 for a breath of fresh air. The ever bribing Bent is only too pleased to bo able to placate mem bers. There will he a hamper, explains Jack, who has been on many a similar holiday making expedition, and then the papers will write " sarkustik," as Artemus would say, about the "labors of their representatives." Thero was so much truth in this impeach ment that no voico could be found either to support or oppose the charge. Tho trip will be a farce. We know that nothing can be definitely discovered it the quarry until a gullet has been driven into the body of tho rock. Bat of course your politician can see further into a Btone wall thau anybody else, or where would be his fitness for the po3t ? The double million magnifying microscopes that would have enabled Sam Weller to see through a flight of stairs and a deal door are suspended from the neck of every citizen who attains the dignity of an MIX. A. There was " a magio in the name of Mary " to which Lord Byron confessed himself sus-, ceptible. And .there is a fascination for Mr. M'Coll in that of Gordon, which also, by the way, belonged to the noble poet. His' evil genius, his Archimago, is a Gordon, and of the same great clan comes tho captivo Pastorella, to whom he plays the part of Calidore, the kuight of courtesy. The story of Julia Gordon, told with flowing imagery and colored by the fertile imagination of the M'Coll, is as wild and wondrous as any of the romantic adventures chronicled in the Faery Queen. It lias its little discrepancies. At one time he attributes her temporary aberration to alcohol, and at another time to grief at the machinations of her ene mies. At all ovents she has been in an asylum and in a convent, and possesses in her career all the materials rcquisito for tho construction of a sensation novel. " The affections," wrote Landor, " can no more bloom and flourish in the hardened raceconrso of politics, than flowera can find nourishment in the pavement of the streets." But this dogma has been obliterated "by "jfr. M'Coll's tears, shed over the misfortunes of a Highland widow. On Tuesday Sandhurst was afoot andeager for tho fray. Mr. Clark, all on fire with zeal, came into collision with tho Speaker ; Mr. Wil liams invoked the ghosts of his ancestors, while Dr. Quick seemed about to carry out his ancient threat of dying upon the floor of the House. The Julia Gordon interlude was in troduced so as to gain time, and then tho lid of Mr. Richardson was invoked while the little band engaged in a hopeless strugglo to recommit the bill for the purpose of re-insert- ing thcHeathcoteandSaudhurst line. Next night » .lengthy petition from the aggrieved city was read, in spite of the strong protests of the House; Mr. Woods, in particular, breaking out at intervals with expostulations, lilto a fretful infant, and being hastily hushed again by liis neighbors, who felt the angry eye of Mr. Lalor npon them. Still the Government were stubborn. Nothing could ho got out of them except soft speeches. Of tlieso there was a super abundance. The Ministry having struck out the line would do everything but replace it. After having destroyed it they were ready to crown its grave with pretty promises and sweet nothings. In this they resembled the Khond woman, who will allow her infant to be killed before her eyes without a tear, and then care fully adorn with flowers the earthen jar in which it lies. The Major has been hdving some private conferences with Mr. Bent. The main point of interest wns the Beoac line, but general subjects were casually alluded to. "I think we might get rid of tho Railway Bill now, Major," said Mr. Bent, eyeing the last drops of his ginger ale. " All right, my dear boy," repliod tho warrior (adding mentally, " and then the Ministry"), continuing aloud, "But as to that Otway Forest line — ," "It shall be yours— on compulsion," returned Mr. Bent, winking darkly and poking an extended finger at his comrade's breast pocket. " That hooks me," an swered the Major, clasping with dramatic / ardor the massive palm of the Minister. " It hooks you all," said the complacent Com missioner. "My bill is a perfect octopus, only it has 86 arms instead of 8. It's got a member under every arm. You couldn't beat that in, your best days?" Tho admira tion of the military strategist shone in every feature, until he reached the passage, when his expression changed, as nodding myeriously to a knot of cloaked forms closely resembling Messrs. Fincham, Bell and Robertson, he whispered, exultantly, "Away! I've fixed him." But he wasn't fixed. The Beeac line was not inserted, and the octopus simile was repudiated. Hence the scene in the House. Hence the private oath, " By Jupiter I'll be at them the day after the bill goes up," Sir Bryan is tho most stubborn, unsympa thetic and ungracious of Premiers. Other leaders of the House have at times conciliated or gratified their opponents. He is as obsti nately and wrong-headedly obstructive on the Treasury benches as when. in opposition, Mr, Berry was suave, Mr. Service diplomatic, Mr. Francis kindly, and Sir Charles Huffy courtly towards private members. The first and tho last were ready in seizing the sense of the House and acting npon it. Rut Sir Bryan blunders all round. He harasses the promoters of private hills and the proposers of resolutions, and rubs the whole House against the grain whenever it makes a demand upon hira. He threw away a splendid chance of standing forward as its real leader when the whole chamber testified its indigna tion at the gross failure of justice at Sandridge. Sailors had been outraged, and. a bench had allowed the escape of tho culprit. But even when raked by his own supporters, the sluggard of Clare would do nothing except proffer his sympathy, which wasn't wanted, and refuse the assistance that was. Tiie Mad den interest was affected, and he had rather wink at a failure of justice than in jure one of its active political sup porters. The moral of his policy was, as usual, of tho narrowest self-seeking kind. Ho has yet to learn the lesson that " govern ing a country is a very different tiling from up holding a Government" " Professor Pearson ought to go to the other side," says Mr. Longmore, and the Conserva tives hail the proposition with cheers. " Yon would have done much better over hero," cries one of his opponents ; and considering what that" party has dono for Mr. Mnrray Smith we may be sure that they would havo exhausted their powers of jobbery in his reward if they could hut have secured , him. Even now tho slightest support which he affords them is welcomed with effusion. But the mere fact that he is denounced by Mr. Longmore is very little guarantee of his secession. Members cannot forget that the same reckless tongue has denounced every member of the Liberal party, when it suited his purpose, for not being liberal enough, as a prelude to crossing the floor him self and voting with their opponents. Ho is right on the closed . roads question, and having Mr. Berry to hack him of course tries to make the most of tho situation, and proclaims from the house tops that this time he is really a Radical. But neither this nor any other principlo affords sufficient material for his utterance. He is nothing if not personal, and would well fill tho position of high priest to that modern sect of. flagellants ironically described by Theophras- tus as " making a ritual of lashing — not them selves, but — their neighbors." As much timo is being spent in scheduling tho long roll of railway lima as wa3 occu pied in collecting the army of Xerxes. Another week has passed, and tho bill is still in the Assembly with a fresh crop of amendments budding daily, if not lionrly, until members are so reduced that they are — l-'rom to day and from to night Expecting nothing more, Than yesterday and' yesternight Has proffered them beforo. Parodying Danton's famous sentence we may eay that tiie Ministerial watchword is, " Railways and railways, and yet again railways." It has cost tlicm a week to insist npon tho Koowerup swamp being sold i by public auction. They carried their point in spite of a four hours wrestle with tho multi plication table undertaken by Mr. Mirams, and crowned it by a "ring- tailed roarer" of scurrilities from Mr. Bent, who likes to show that he can beat Mr. Longmore on his own objurgatory ground whenever ho feels in clined. There ..was a temple at Aero-Corinth dedicated to Necessity and Violence, in which this Ministry' might have' offered daily sacri fices. i- - ' . There is but one shadow upon their sun. This !is 'the knowledge that the effort of 'Wed nesday and Thursday .Inst was but the first few bars of overture, given by way of preludo to Mr. Mirams's long prepared oratorio on the land question, which is expected to occupy from six to nine consecutive weeks, allowing for a few interruptions from motions for ad journment. His rival in training for tho samo event is the Major, who has already publicly pledged himself to occupy tho floor for some hours. Sinco then, having heard Mr. Mirams's boast, he has gone into severe training, with a view to providing himself with fresh matter ; and if this fail him, he has sworn 'a solemn oath to speak after Mr, Mirams, and cut tho whole of his deliverance in pieces, so as to securo his own speech the greater ampli tude, This is tho awful prospect of the future. And yet if the original is good, why should we grieve at its repetition ? " One may prefer fresh eggs, though laid by a fowl of the meanest understanding ; but why frcsli sermons ?' QUIP. 