THE SCIENTIFIC AUSTRALIA^, BABOONS ON BICYCLES. (Continued from our last.) EITHER Mr. Jackson P. Higgs is a thorough believer in the merits of his own invention or he lies with more than the audacity of his countrymen. In his description of his four-in-band team it is impossible to escape the conviction that the patentee writes exactly as he feels. The two leading baboons have their tails tightly held by the two poleys, while the driver seated in his tricycle completes the circuit by holding the tails of the two poleys. It is hardly possible to imagine a more chaste and elegant appearance than sueh an equipage would present, especially when the baboons are dressed in a neat livery, and a fifth baboon also in livery is seated a la tiger in the trieycie, with his back to his master. The striking and picturesque appearance of the turnout would be heightened were the baboons, to rest their hind arms, stand on their heads and work the bicycles with their fore arms. ' 'There is no sensation on earth,'' writes the ingenious Yankee, "comparable to that of scudding along a good road drawn by four powerful baboons, seated on four handsome bicycles. The movement is more like flying than any other kind of locomotion. The utter absence of noise or clatter as the trycicle is whirled along by the four bicycles, gives the turn out a weird and supernatural appearance, the ghost-like character of which is enhanced by the steadiness of the motion. The speed is so great that the clouds of dust raised by the baboons have not time to reach to the feet of the driver before they are passed. To an observer watching his progress along a dusty road, he looks like the heavenly charioteer driving his team over the silent and billowy clouds. With a good stiff wind blowing in the direction I was travelling in, the rapidity of the motion has caused a strong current to blow in my face. The exhilarating effects produced by thus jouneying noiselessly and steadily through the atmosphere are very pleasurable. " God's glorious oxygen" passes in extraordinarily large quantities through the system.till a lightness of spirits and an exaltation of mind are produced |that resemble the intoxication caused by alcohol without the loss of reason." The patentee then gives instances of the speed obtained on several occasions—all authenticated by name and date—by trycicles drawn by four baboons on four bicycles. The Right Hon. Robert Lowe certified that he did a level stretch of thirty miles on the road from London to Cambridge within two minutes of one hour. Dr. Moorhouse went the twenty miles from Gisbome to Kyneton, half of which was uphill work, in 60 minutes, and made two stoppages to light his pipe. And Mr. Jackson P. Higgs sent a telegram from Melbourne to Geelong and arrived in the latter town in time to take themessage himself from the boy. But ashe doesnot mention the time, and as messages sometimes take twelve hours in going half the distance we do not attach much importance to that feat. Of one thing Mr. J. P. Higgs is quite satisfied, and that is that the speed obtainable is practically unlimited, or is limited only by the size of the wheel of the motor bicycfe. Those who remember the small size of the wheels of the bicycles first used, and compare them with the diameter of those driven about our streets by young men, can see that it is merely a question of time when riders will be perched upon wheels twenty or thirty feet in diameter. "With wheels of even the lower size," aays Mr. J. P. Higgs,"! have no hesitation in saying that a trip from Melbourne to Sydney in a four^ in-hand turn out could be made in six houra, perhaps with a strong southerly wind in less than that. And it is calculated by Professor McCoy and Mr. Holland that travelling at that rate for six h<mt would cause a supply of ' God's gloriouB oxygen' to be storedV the system that would keep up an exhilaration of spirits akin tok toxication in its pleasurable effects for the space of four and hours." Mr. J. P. Higgs' has made a very liberal offer to the Chief Secretary for the use of the Acclimatization Society's Grounds as baboonery. It is intended before starting the sale of traps to h aYe on hand a stock oi 20,OOObaboons, which will never be suffered to fall below 5,000 f uorder to raise tU numbe modious premises r com. are required, aud the gardens in the Boval Park would be suitable in all rei The patentee to keep all the mals now in the gardens at his own expense, and admit the publicst the Bame rate as at present. The attract ions of the gardens will of course be much increased by the enormous number of baboons that will be about; and Mr. Higgs promises to remove the prohibition at present in force against touching the animals so far as regards the baboons. Instead of this, the public will be specially invited to pull their tails, and boys who undertake to do this will be admitted free, or perhaps paid a trifle. '-For," says Mr. Jackson'P. Higgs, " the principal difficulty I have yet bad to contend with, is the shortness of tail "of the larger ape. Professor M'Coy has, however, given his opinion, which will be found in the appendix, that if the tails of baboons are constantly pulled when young, they will gradually increase in length, and that each successive generation will have the tail longer and more sensitive, and therefore more suited for the object we have in view. The Professor believes that the development of the ape into the human being, was brought about by the habit of wearing clothes, by which young apes and baboons were prevented from pulling their parents' and each others' tails, a habit to which they were very prone. In consequence of being severely let alone, tails gradually dwindled away, and at length fell off." Mr, Higgs then quotes Professor M'Coy, to show in how short i time we may expect the baboons, with, which the patentee starts, to develope into the required number. The reasoning is of too scientifit a character, and the "details" are too minute to allow of their republication in a popular journal. It is, however, sufficient to state, that from the well-known fecundity of these curious creatures, the Professor has every reason to hope, that in three or four years, boons may be sold singly or by the pair, or in any number, to i customers. It is intended that the animals shall be slightly clad, but an aperture will be left in their garments, through which the tail is to protrude. The Professor considers that this will counteract the effect of the clothes, and prevent the destruction of the caudal appendage. After reading Mr. Higg's prospectus, one cannot but believe that we are on the verge of a great revolution in locomotion, but till we see the new conveyances going about the streets and roads, we shall withhold our opinion on the subject. "no prayer for rein needed." " the two great motors op the future." 