PENOLA. (From our Fat Contributor. March 24. There are lecturers and lecturers, but I venture to affirm that a more poetically beautiful address in the cause of total abstinence never was delivered than the following ; and the advocates of temperance, as a rule, would do well to profit by the example, for, as a local journal justly observes, " emotionalism and enthusiasm are not perhaps the highest means of derating people." There is immense force and truthfulness in the foregoing words, for does not the psalmist tell us " that a soft answer turneth away wrath," and there can be no question as to the fact that the beautiful word painting eloquence, flower imagery of thought and language, or whatever it may be termed, of such an address would do more in the way of appealing to the feelings of the hearers than all the ranting and raving and exaggerated statements of shocking examples of drunkenness that are so frequently the theme of the advocates of total abstainence :-" The Eev. Paul Denton, a Methodist clergyman, of Texas, advertised that he would open a barbacue, where better liquor would be dispensed than was usually supplied in the neighbourhood. After the people had as sembled, a desperado in the crowd called out, 'Mr. Denton, your reverence has lied; you promised us not only a good barbacue, but better liquor; where's the liquor.' 1 There,' answered the mis sionary in tones of thunder, and pointing his finger at the matchless double-spring gushing up in two strong columns, with a sound like a shout of joy from 4the bosom of the earth, "there," he repeated ; " tfrere is the liquor God the Eternal, brews for his children. Not in the simmering still, over smoky fires soaked with poisonous gases, surrounded with the stench of sickening odours and corruptions, doth your Father in heaven prepare the precious essence of life-the pure, cold water; but in the green glads and grassy dell, where the red deer wanders and the child loves to play : there God brews it. And down, low down in the deepest valley, where the fountain murmurs and the various rills sing; high upon the mountain tops, where the naked granite glitters like gold in the sun, where the Btorm cloud broods and the thunderstorms crush ; and away, far out on the wild, wide sea, where the hurricane howls music, and the big waves roll the chorus, sweeping the march of . God: there He brews it-that beverage of life, health-giving water. And everywhere it is a thing of life and beauty gleaming in the dew drop, singing in the summer rain, and shining in thS ice-gem till the trees all Beem to turn to living jewels, spreading a golden veil over the setting sun, or a white gauze around the midnight moon; sporting in the cata ract, dancing in the hail shower ; sleep ing in\the glacier, folding its bright snow cur tains softly about the wintry world, and tweaving the many coloured sky that seraph ; zone of the syren, whose warp is the raindrops of the earth, whose woof is the sunbeams of heaven all checked over with the celestial flowers by the mystic hand of refraction. Still always it is beautiful- that blessed -life water ! No poison bubbles on its brink ; its foam brings not madness and murder; no blood stains its liquid glass; pale widows and starving orphans weep not burning tears in its depths ; no drunkard's shrinking ghost from the grove curses it in words of eternal despair. Speak out, my friends; would you exchange it for the demon's drink, alcohol P" A shout like the roar of.a tempest answered ' No!'" ? . If the following had taken place in the Green Isle it would have been set down as Irish pro motion, but occurring in South Australia, it can be only looked upon as an instance of what the collective wisdom of the colony is capable of doing when in Parliament assembled:-"The Civil Service regulations referring to cadets are calculated at times to work hardships in so far as the provision restricts the salary to £80 a year for three years of cadetship. The anomaly which may be produced has been recently illus trated in the Marine Board office, where a cadet received promotion, of course without increase of salary, to the duties of a clerkship, while his work as a cadet was taken up by an outsider at a salary of £2 10s. a week ! By this means an inferior officer now enjoys a larger salary than his superior in thejsame office. At the same time there is a good demand in the service for cadets, a demand which is scaircely likely to be satisfactorily met in the future if such anomalies can creep in." 