COUNTING the pebbles In a gravelly heap is quite easy as compared with dealing with Mr BENT'S ~ vagaries of railway management; for there is some hope of getting to the end of the former teak, bat there is none of exh&BSTI;&g; the Minister of Railways' follies. Nevertheless, the task most sometimes be of criticising and condemning Mr BENT'S eccentricities, even shongh die labor savors strongly of the superhuman, and one blonder has no sooner been dealt with than a host of others spring np for treatment Contenting ourselves, however, with giving. Mr BENT'S latest freak, this is quite sufficient to show how the public is being trifled with by this marvellous Minister, who is just about as fitted for the post he occupies as he would be the right man in the right place as instructor of elocution, or as teacher of University classes. The case to which we confine ourselves just now may be found set forth in full in the Hamilton Spectator of Thursday last; and it is a complete marvel to those who have the slightest knowledge of the principles upon which the raiAvays of this colony should be conducted. Until latterly two trains have been run between Ararat and Hamilton daily, and the second, or late one, was so linked on to the Melbourne to Ballarat train, that the mails bom Melbourne, BaUarat, and other towns, were forwarded to Hamilton as fast as the iron-horse could take them. This was fonnd very convenient to both Hamilton, Ballarat, and Melbourne, as it not only ensured prompt delivery of tbe mails at their destination, but it also secured prompt replies, the one perhaps bong as essential ia correspondence, especially of a business character, as tbe other. But what has Mr BENT now done to disturb these arrangements 1 The reply is, stopped the second or late train, Mid thus deprived tiie Hamilton people directly, and the Ballarat and Melbourne people indirectly, of all the advantages which befell (hem under the old, and modi more considerate, system. Or, as the Hamilton Spectator pats it, this is the effect of the change:—" In die coaching era we could always get our letters -fourteen hours after they were' posted; and now, with one train duly, people living beyond Hamilton cannot get them until the morning of the third day after posting; whilst the Hamiltonians just succeed in obtaining delivery on the evening of• the seoond day." So that by the very sapient move .which Mr BEST has made, it takes two days for a letter from Melbourne to reach Hamilton, and very little short of the jMune tame for a Ballarat letter to reach .the same town; whilst hot far" short of a week runs oat between tb$ posting of a letter in Melbourne or Ballast and an answer being obtained at the mot in which the correspondence was initiated or started. These are the effects of confinirgrail way communication with Hamilton to one train a day; and they only need to be mentioned to show {fee ineffable stupidity, and the acorn of the public convenience, which are associated with Mr Bent's ill-ad vised and outrageous alteration. Thecauseassigned for this sufaimulpig change is that the second train to WsmatMi joes not pay. But the. excuse ia just as ridiculous and untenable aa the act is absurd and positively rjiMi^i, There are 40,000 persons redding in and I around Hamilton, -aowrding to the] Spectator- and the "takings" of the Hamilton station stand high oalte list of stations, to tbey amount to £11,614 per annum. WIUl my populous * district, supplying soexcelieat* nvenae, <»mpara&v;^yspeakizig,theoaaveaienM' of the jijablicMKwld be the fretor u cas^. not a mere ' hn&stering; notion; and It is only Mr $kst that would take , any. other view of a ton:Spectator vary prupetly poiau o numbers tftamart iim v tbe'lim tibey have thw uses in ^dfeBOog postal in tiie cw'^ ibe' aecanii train to Hamilton. It proved a gnat coavenknee to the public in toJaiy need; and Jibes tbe train paid or not, this iaci onght to haveheenquite sufficient tfrfewsra tbe $o&tituus;?e «t tbe late/tain, or to I^iS^to tbe leirt Wore. Jpe Great Sanjandnun flf the Byways, faowever/ BM fidod otherwise;- and ' wrong has beeavdoma to tbe Hamilton people ^ by - knocking - - - off - this - - second - train; and mti£ng but its inBtsnt restitution willYemedy the injusticei .O J ABOUT twenty-five yean a^otbera arose > in this colony a great crare for mile-; posts. There was hardly a local body in the colony which did not erect Uiese posts on tbe main roads under ite care, while in many instances by-roads, weredealt with in tbe same manner. These posts were of various designs;' but tbe most popular one was of the Irian gular shape, and when painted and lettered the posts, all round, were not without a certain amount of attraction. These: posts proved great convenience to travellers, whether on foot, or riding in waggon, dray, coach, buggy, or on horseback. They told these travellers how tbey were progressing on their journeys, and precisely how much farther they had to go before they would reach their destinations. These posts, therefore, had their uses, so the craze was a wise one; and this is more perhaps than can be said of many other things which occurred at the time of which we are writing. But let any person take a look at these posts now, and he will see how terribly the glory of tbe past has departed. Most of the posts are there still; but oh, bow shabby is their appearance. The paint of the background Is all washed away, and so also are the letters and figures which indicated their purpose; and there is no magnifying glass in the colony that would make what remains of those letters and figures decipherableto the observer. AH is gone "Glimmering through the dream of things that were," and left hardly a streak of paint behind to enable the lover of antiquities to master the objects of these upright pieces of' timber. Desolate are these once speaking indicators to the glance; and the aged traveller, heaves a sigh , as be sees how they have fallen away in their design—iow sadly th have been overlooked and neglecte Now this should not be^ became these mile-posts - were really very useful to all people using , the roads, and, therefore, they should have been kept np. in all tbeir pristine whiteness and blackness. Nor should tbe opening -of the railways, which has no doubt had something to do with it, caused their lustre to fall away, be cause what with the -expansion of rural townships, and the increase of rural settlement, there are as many persons travelling along these roads now as tbere were before tbe iron-horse competed with them for traffic, mile-posts are, therefore, as much wanted no was they were twenty-five years back, or during any period afterwards that they were kept In order. We would ask die local bodies, therefore, to restore these posts to their did bright and instructive state.. A few pounds spent by each body would do the work; and it is surely worthwhile to disburse this small amount of money for such an object. Tbe ratepayers we are quite sure would not object to this being done, not only because it would prove a convenience to all road travellers, bnt also because it would take away that forlorn and dejected aspect which it is quite rueful to see these triangular pieces of timber presenting. All round Ballarat, these posts look like spectres of tbe past; and it is high time—both to please the eye, and to give an idea of distance—that tbey put xm a more realistic apjiearance. The testhetic feeling of tike age demands this change, just the same as utility clamors for tbe improvement. The R.H.3. Roaette passed Capfc Borda for Adelaide at twenty-five minutes past ten but evening. The Port Darwin line is interrupted. We regret to leant that a nettle meat of the Black Horae strike is as far off n ever, the directors having insisted upon the dismissal ot Messrs Cam>a and Mackin, aa srieU Phillips, the secretary of the local association. It will be remembered that at the late half-yearly meeting of the company, Mr Whitford, the mine manager, aaid he - willing to again take on Camm at tbe mine; but the settlement waa than left in tbe hands of the directors. Yesterday morning, therefore, tbe director! were interviewed, ami they informed a deputation of workmen of their decision noted above. In reply to the deputation, the director* abo stated tiuit they would not allow the mu aocidmt fond to be interfered with in any way, bat it would be optional with any of the men to subscribe to it, sod, «f coarse, partici] ' in its benefits. The Uioers* Aanciai having consented to the diacbargeof PhUlipa far the jmipaae of settling the strike, in anticipation that tfcia «onme was aS that was quired in the face of the statement by Mr hitiord to take CSKOD back, theaoboaol the directors in insisting npcn tile other conditional diu&aiges; is considered byma&yto; be nnfair and revengeful. Bat in jnstioe to the directors it may be stated that the matter having been left In -their- hands, in Wiw of what baa ajroidy taken, plaoe^ aDdartui^ the interests of tbe aharehotdera, they say ft is impossible that proper relations can exist between the' mining manager and the tsro workmen named. Ihnfote tbey cannot be •gamtskaa on, and tbe matter thaa ataods at present.' A ghost scare again. Very seldom do we hear of the alleged appearcaoeofaghbatinoae locality than the siury of another in aa altoa white figure in the locality of tbe area of gnmnd stretching towards the old cemetery and oh one oocaaksi, our informant atatea, srhilat indulging in ita nasal cruise in o the neighborhood, a casnal stroller obaervad o t iti^Ridwg^iB. Nat beiitg altogether aaxioos for an interview with tbe atrange n -"'sou he quietly climbed a tall ton, .ving»eivfaednt»Blf tn what he conndaraft a >de .wmtSoa : fmn being tea^ he watched wili intetut tbe antics of the riidst d This VOT trae, however,' ainuicd to ft ike htter'a toorito resort &r; tbe night, jkod M imsgaai fee uneaarrawa d tha serched oee l sha-tb boMnnidaC:«l(l wsa-aboat ' *) np. The gholt, boW«v«r. had bot^ far wbea bo waa distorbed by the rnsUia^oftba leaves of >tlM tmajUkHred • i^.tha tcanendoaa who had -^ay at, MapreOykiigJiIim^.ftwseit tw did ttot wwt to «ne g the 1 £Aowi^ii «nt ; :.tB an O Wovertben" al in lia&arat; The air attbB time « srbirlvrind aniMefily ^ many «iws Ovat, had wtsaliy to baldiOB a seat tp ue- .b^ngtwSed irfcile the roof flf a tw^hi^ladi; bttB ^Carried afflicted tt the couiiEfli. ^hai tunity not a&brdea; of poaing. Last n{ght .. _ star the -£erma» tofc vetycompnittnaive and bindii^, conpied twenty mumtea at the. boors' attioa .nl the OMUacO. With rmul to this , -batlir question, eadt^connaOor wanted eaneUnng- Thfeinayor wanted every body to besat&fied;, and further every councillor to atick to the standing orders. Councillor Scott wanted thoee who felt aggrieved itib manner of leasing. _to inject every aspect of tbe case. Councillor Tnipie wanted "Tov ta* know the receipts for the few days the baths were open and- under the control of the council. ^ Goancillot James wanted it distinctly understood that he bad left the table, at the special meeting, at which the baths. were lets before the motion for the lease was carried, having previously epoken against leasing them as proposed. Councillor &nB;*ell wanted, in order to satisfy the ratepayers, that the council's solicitor's opinion shoold betaken npou the question ot the legality of the maimer of leasing the baths. Councillor Wood wanted the mayor to take his protest against the proceedings at the special meeting. Councillor Roff wanted the business of that special meeting explained to tbe satisfaction of tiie ratepayers. Councillor wanted Councillors Russell and KoB appointed as a committee of enquiry into the matter; and Councillor Robertson spoke so many times about what he wanted, that we are obliged to state only one of his wants, though we have a supplement. This one was that he wanted it known that he courted the fullest enquiry into the matter. Aa a reealt of these desires, it WM decided to tike solicitor's opinion, and to have a tabulated statement of tbe whole oost of the baths pre' pared by next meeting. The Hon. Major Smith yesterday received an invitation to attend at. the ceremony of laying tbe foundation-stone of tbe new Protestant Hall, Melbourne, which will take place to-day. Major Smith intimated by telegram in reply that he would be happy.to attend on the occasion. What may yet prove a serious case was unearthed yesterday in Ballarat East by Sergeant M'Parland and Constable Thompson. Acting on information received, tbese two officers visited the Chinese camp, and found a woman named Sarah Ah Kew living with an infant daughter, which was very much emaciated, and literally starving. A warrant was issued for the woman's arrest, which was soon executed by Constable Thompson. The prisoner it appears, had been an attendant at the Hospital for the child, but had neglected to comply with the doctor's instructions, or to attend regularly. Dr Owen said he would not, under the circumstances, sign a certificate in the event of the child's death, hence the arrest of the mother, for " omitting, on the 2nd February, to procure medical treatment for her infant daughter, and thus causing grievous bodily harm to the said infant." The prisoner was living at one time with a Chinese coachdriver, but for some time past they have lived apart; and it is said that the coachdriver will not acknowledge the paternity of the child. In the event of the child dying, of which there is some likelihood, the charge will probable be altered to manslaughter. A case of some interest to the travelling public came before tbe City bench yeaterda when Constable O'Grady summoned a Mr Motphy for taking his seat in a railway carnage without a pass or ticket. On the 20th ultimo the defendant, it. appeared, entered a carriage in the train going to Oeswick, and when the potter asked for tbe passenger's ticket, half of a return -one was produced, which bad been issued from Creswick on the 13th Jannaiy. It waa supposed by the department that this ball bad not been taken bom him when used on the day of issue, owing to the unlocked door system, and Murphy wanted to use it a second time. On this supposition the proceedings were taken. Tickets were produced in court to show tbe difference between tbe first half of a return ticket issued at Creswick, for travelling between Creswick and Ballarat, and the second half of one issued at Ballarat for the purpose of travelling between Ballarat and Creswick. The only difference was that one waa "bluishgreen™ and the other a '*greeni blue;" so said Mr Wynne. The defence was that the occurrence was a mistake. It was stated that the defendant travelled between the two places on a certain day, and .by accident gave np the wrong half of his ticket. As he was somewhat late for tbe train, he did not, on the return journey, take the trouble to enquire about bis mistake, bat bought a second ticket to come into Ballant trith. He thns had two halves of two tickets in bis possession, and by mistake he produced tbe .wrong half when the a alleged to have been committed. Being ahorcsigbted, he did not notice his mistake. Mr Gaunt, who appeared for the defendant, remarked that It -was very nnlikely that be would have gone and bought another ticket, as he did, bat defendant said he could not find tbe other half at tbe time. The Osswick station-master admitted that the occurrence might have been one of accident. The bench aaid they thought there had been no fraudulent intent, asu the case was then dismissed. - Councillor daxton continues to improve, and tbere is every reason to hope now that the seven attack which so prostrated him has been successfully fomhatted. He ia very weak though, and some time must %lapse before he wiH be seen at his usual haunts. One of the trio of Reformatory boys who escaped from legal custody on Thursday waa yesterday captured at Coghill's Creek. He behaved so badly when arrested that a chaige of assaulting bis captors was entered against him. The boy is seventeen yean of age, and belongs to tlw iooorrigiUes. He has run away more than once, and seems determined to do all he can against the authorities. The other two have not yet been returned to their legal domicile. In the Equity Court, Melbourne, yesterday oraiag Mr Jnstioe Higinbotbam gave his served decision in the caae'of Chang Goon v Reform Company, Haddon. The jo^-. meat waa. in favor of that flamtiffj who actually is placed in posse—ion of about ten sens- of land jessed .by lbs company, and sublet to the plaintiff. The company has also to pay oasts, bet tbere is every probability of an appeal being lodged. A full report appears in another column. Of late ophthalmic complaints have boom very" prevalent amongst scholars attending toe local State edioolf, owiog to the white glare from the windows and walls during tbe bot summer weather. - Many children with naturally weak virion have been known to become almost blind from this canee, and even some'of the teachers have been compelled to adopt the use of " Jea to shade tfaeir eyes. II Venetian dr acnens -were hnng on these windows exposed to the «m'< ravs, tbe iBtensity f the glare-would be tllayaa, and the cause f this painful complaint mmoved; and we rust, therefore^ ^tbat tbe' bonds of adviee win at once bring* the matter under tbe otice uf the Education Department. : We must once more drav tbe attention of tbe police aothOtftws to tbe jivncddiEwuct oT men wbowgfatiy n^ tariaad sirte»e$t, apd -insult rrroectable girls and adies oaghSoehooS. CumiurS9 xarrnuVs. srnst wist toe pou^e w ce:tbat *acli aangysntA-is -prevent ~ ^ot^dratM'.'^n - Cmi&ot; T Omn&tiog; what -an Bid nsU urns and I»instsVimr rojuii ef •. frntb bodies onnnjflorPhigips was. it mast be remarked titstliiaxci^nWtioB was received with veiy of iugpt at ..the- loss trf hia aemeMT Certainly tbe nrnvil **«o-: otpted the resignation with regret^ and made tbe' apoimtmetit cf bis snromcr £ athe Water CommiMkm an airier the day for ntoct meeting," bat very jligtrt acknowledgment was made of bis piuit^sbon I$a^ifW«Bation; w#:«s ***** C^aaeilliir Josephs, spoto a loss to^- ike eoancaJL "Pie tw^iad good bosnsssiufaits, and did to^Wi m theS^bwBbS otthei)«iM|tliHA^ pressmen, iut wdI#>«D" of corpoial, Ma^&liJtoiy; honors, could not m&ift.;: tTta?i(Btemeia made yeeterday, Wk he pfes •oocnected last with tbe Commercial BarnC w«» sa error; for the disoeased, since leaving tbe local bank, has been on the staff of tiU English, Scottish, and Australian Bank, at Adelaide; and latterly in Melbourne—iis connection with that institntion clcsing with bis death. . One of the old historic buildings of Ballarat, in which the load business 5t[f tbe Bank of Australasia was first conducted, is now bring broken up. The building; which is of galvanised iron and wood, has of lute done duty aa a portion of a residence opposite the Lydiard Street Wesleyan Chapel, to which locality it was removed -when the more pretentious premises of tbe bank were erected; but it is now being demolished to make room for a more substantial building of stone and brick, to be erectcd by Mr E. Morey. Coomnliora Russell and Rofi; newly elected to tbe Town Council, took their seats at the council table last night, having fafeen dnly introduced by Councillors Scott and Ferguson respectively. It is now some seasons since the munica polities in the district have employed men to eradicate the thistle pest, as the effective steps taken prior to leaving off the practice caused it to almost completely die out. Latterly, however, 'numerous plants have been growing np, especially in parts of Ballarat Bast, and it is probable labor will again have to be employed to keep the pest within bonods. At the usual' half-yearly meeting of the Ballant Banking Company, held yesterday, a "dividend at the rate of ten per cent, per annum was declared. The chairman referred to the great banking competition at present existing, and one shareholder, Mr J. M. Ryan, said -he was surprised when such a large amount of money was lying idle, to find the company able to pay a ten per cent, dividend. He thought tbe management must be very efficient and economical. If as expected a change in the money market took place shortly, h£ would under the circumstances expect a 2i per oent. bums in addition to the dividend. Tbe funeral of the late David Thomas, wheelwright, of Boninyong, .took place yesterday and was bu^ely attended both by local and Ballarat inends, tbe deoeased being an old identity, and baring been in business for many yean in the olden time at Speedmen Hill Mr D. M. Saviei, ML.A., read the service of the Independent*, to which body Mr Thomas belonged. ' The lodge rites of tbs Piotsstant-Alliance were also performed at the grave, tin deoeased having bean an active member and officer for many years. Deceased was in his fifty-fifth year. Mr Alex. Young, M.L.A., of Scandals, has, we are.sorry to say, bad a very severe attack of the form of cholera and dysentery which is now so common, but, thanks to l home nursing and -the medical skill of rJordan, of Smytbesdale, he hss now almost recovered, and should no unfavorable change occur, will probably be able to be out and. about as usuil in a day or two. Mr Young, -like other sufferers, u quite unable to give any canse for the sudden attack, but from tbe prevalence of the disease it would appear that there must be some predisposing cause in the atmosphere at present. On Thursday afternoon last a fire broke out in a grass paddock at tbe Golden Lake, belonging to Mr Nimmon, and for a time there was considerable danger that the flames would spread to the crop of Mr Wallace, the lessee of the Piggoreet station. However, Mr Wallace and his men managed by exertions to confine the fire to the paddock in which it started. The origin of toe fire is not known, but it is suspected that two men who were seen in the paddock shortly before hadaomething to do with it. Mr H. Winnter, an American-Indian corn doctor, who arrived bete on Thursday night, delivered an open-air lecture, near the Gal' lovay monument last night, in the presence of a large number of people, on the cure of warts, corns, and bunions. After explaining at length his cure for these complaints, which consists of the application to them of a certain kind of mixture, and their then extraction, Dr Winnter proceeded to try a number of experiments. Inviting any person up from tbe audieuce suffering from either wart, com, or bunion, the doctor expressed his willingness to cure the person so afflicted without causing the slightest pain. During his remans Dr Winnter brandished a large sword, and t^iis to some extent at first made people rather shy of coming forward to have as experiment tried on them, fearing that that weai would be used in the operation. But this, however, was not the case. A -little boy, who was suffering from a wart on the thumb, finally came forward, and his "complaint was experimented upon. To the surprise of the audienoe the doctor extracted tbe wart without cansing tbe'patient the slightest pain or inconvenience. A number of other experiments followed, including one which was tried on a large corn on a man's toe. The corn in this esse was extracted in tiie twinkling of an eye, and the patient afterwards publicly announced that he did not feel any pain wbilat undergoing the operation. After the experiments—-which were undoubtedly very successful—were concluded, Dr Winnter succeeded iu disposes of a large number of bottles containing his apparently valuable mxtnre. The dostor was dressed in Indian costume, and presented a very attractive appearance, bis "get-up" being, to a good extent tbe means of drawing many around to witness his performance. ^During tbe day he was to be seen about tbe streets in a fourborse vehicle, the bones being gaily caparisoned; and the tarn-out consequently attracted no little attention. Dr Winnter is at present stopping at the George botal, wbere he may be consulted daily. Yesterday, he was visited by several sufferers from bad bands and feet, -and bis operatioosin tbese cases were esocessfuL A lad named Angus Boss, you*, wfatae parents reside in King street, was yesterday admitted into the Hospital, sufienngfrom a lacerated wound jn his forehead. The injury was caused by a tuck from a horse. -Tbere wsaa gnat disturbance on Thursday night in a hotel at Scandals which has recently chuiged hands, but which the pre vious tenant refuses to vacate. It aeemt that threats of violence wes-e freely used, but as the matter will come before the local courts in several shapes in a few days, the full particulars will doubtless then be elicited. Tbe usual meeting of -the Broomfield Debating Club took place on Wednesday evening iu the local Mechanics' Institute, Tbe president, Mr C. Smith, occupied the chair. There was a laige attendance of member*, also a number of visitors. The subnet for the evening wis "The authenticity of the Bible.' 1 Aa animated discaiiriaB g took place, when the following gentlemen spoke on the subject, namely, Messrs B, Q. s Richards, P. Kelson, V. Power, P. Rowe, W. Heatelow, and the presidest. Tbe meeting closed with a vote of thanks to tbe chfeir. Hie Eustace Art-onion was drawn last night st the Unicorn hotel, in the pins nn of several members of the oommittee, and a swd master "of ticket-bsUsts. The fbUowlng woe the. results^Iia 105, Mr C E, Smith; ft Mr W. P. Joins; 89,HrJ. Haidy, II, Miss dark; 16. Mm Pol" £ Jones; 80,'. Mr Jno. Ol A. ill Pnsar.B. - i Tbe Smytite b membefa—jftsltfs^P. .Calton—wereelectsd.-'It have the fire enajrine and bafc&sl; pamted. One account of i&a; lld was passed tor payment, and afte? transacting - some otMr rgatiae Iwniaess tbe mectafrdaisd. • -Mr BirtebeU sends ns th» Htfarna^ asm-' ber of ^Mb^^JpkS^m which we -tm afalt article refutagthe . views rein a puHm h rids, and "Bit valne UonMf also oootab extracts freena we learn t l w m i U l ^ i 8anki?a first^SSg £n Bog — w Crown lands. Ascot street teg a cottage and freehold at V £60. Abo, that tbere are plicants daily for oty and to At the wimiiiftia 4>f Mr State school l*t Deos«b« ! pined was 85-«18, ; aad iiot reported. V i- An accident (sa^l tbe 4*) && to terminate fatJly «cu^a*tbe »%nni&s; rf John Kobertaon, throng, On Wednesd^T afternoon. An omptoyi Barfoot wanted to lessen the a saw. a^ placed his' apron ^cridentally. between the spindlrond hisfuuitf. Tbe saw:caii^ittitsl apron, and Barfoot iaa dragged nmao. -His hand was cut o^ and his am so injured tlxst it had to be amputated. '. - Information (say* tbe 3Me9wqA)«as oeived by tin police od Thureday from Shepparton, tbat aywn^ man,MmedEredenok Carr, who had been employed in the raoeipt and pay office tbere, bad been arrested on a chsjge of embezriing Government. money. The offence is alleged to have ieen committed in Jnly last Carr was pramoted to Shepparton from Geeloog, where bis relatives reside, A meeting of magisbates was held (says tbe jioe) at Sandhurst on Thursday afternoon, in the town hall, for the purpoee of taking steps to the siupreanoa of larrikinism; the mayor pied the. chair. It was determined that the resolutions as adopted by the justices. Of Melbourne on the 22nd ultimo, be affinsed, and that notices of that fact he j forwarded to the secretary of tbe movement, Mr Archer. Mr Phelan, J.P., was on Wednesday (i tbe Talbot Leader) the recipifflit of a rem: able letter, the contents of which somewhat surprised him. Tbe letter, which is evidently in a disguised hand-writing, bears no signature, and states that the writer, who some time ago defranded Mr Pbelan, desired to make restitution, and with that view enclosed tbe halves of two Bank of England notes for £10 each, and that the other halve* should follow. The envelopes bear tbe Si mark of the 23th Jannaiy, and the portions of the bank-notes ibrwaidedan^ toaH appearances, genuine. The Herald siys that« girl nsmr l flntiir Price baa informed the Genloag pbUwthfct she was criminally assaulted by a blackfellow at Mount Moriac several days since. The city council (says the fForld) bave decided to light Sydney with electric light, in consequence of the experimental attempts in the Arcade having proved sub. a great success. The council intend aenc * America for experts to carry out the thoroughly. It appears likely (says the Age) that there will be a large number of candidates in the field for Bonxndara. Mr B. Langton, Mr Hy. Lawes, Mr W. F. Walker, Mr C. F. -Taylor, and Mr P. O'Brien have determined to contest the seat, and a large number of other gentlemen are aaxiou* and willc ~ to come forward, if socoesa sppears at i possible. The Argua is aorry to learn that amoogat the numerous departures bom the colony, which are taking place just now is that of the Hon. Mrs C. E. Bright; who is leaving by the T.iguria on tbe 22nd instant. Mr* Bright has been so long and pleasantly known in Melbourne, and has taken so kindly and judicious interest in the movements of a charitable or generally useful character, that we are quite sure tbe.news of her departure from Melbourne will be received with very great regret. A number of children in the Guildford district (says tbe M. A. MoS\are suffering from ophthalmic oomplaints, and unable to attend school. A valuable pearl (says the Age) has been brought from Thursday^ Island, Toms Struts, to Sydney. It is pear-shaped, ia larger than a pigeon's egg, and weighs 10Q gr. It is to be sent to London. Tbe Joint Stock Bank of Victoria (saya the Mart/borough Advertiser) will shortly eater into possession of their branch establishment in High street. Kxtensive alterations are being made to render the place habitable. Blackberries (saye the Oeetu and Murray Advertiser) although regarded by many people in this colony, on account of the abundance of choicer fruit, as worthless, are very beneficial in cases of dysentery. Tbe berries are healthful eating. Tea «*i«till»^ from tbe roots and syrup made from the berries are excellent. The following is a recipe for making blackberry wine:—Gather the fruit when ripe on a dry day. Put in a cask, with the head out, and a tap fitted near the bottom. ' Pour on water to oover tbe berries. Mash them with the band, and let them stand covered till the pump rises to the top and forms a crust, in three or four days. Then draw off the fluid into another vessel, and to every gallon add one pound of sugar. Mix well and put into a eask, to work a week or ten days, and throw off an remaining lees; keeping tbe auk well filled particularly at the commencement When working has ceased, bung the. cask down. After from six to twelve mouth* the' wine can be bottled. In another column will be found the announcement that Professor Miller, the celebrated atblete, wiH give a week's performances at tbe Mechanics' Institute, assisted by Mr Dark, Professor Simon, and -others. Professor Miller has been drawing large audiences of late both at Sydaey and Melbourne, and.his tremendous feats'of stre and athkitics are described aswondadnL entertainment, therefore, should be well patronised here. Tbe City and Town Drum and Fife Band have made arrangements for a benefit concert on 20th February nerVfor which the best talent available has been Engaged. This body of young men certainly deserve a liberal recognition on this occasion, because their services have alwaya been willingly placed at the disposal of any deserving charity; and since its oi^aiijwstiwi the bud. has done real good tn this way. , This, too, is tbe first occasion far several yesrs'that s benefit has taksu place to assist the band fund, and we trust that the icsnoose will he' liberal. Commencing to-day, ^y^—jitm n-^tlr will be iasaed for Qneeosdiff by tbe 3.86 p.m. train from Baliarst on Saturdays. The fare, including return, will be 10s, and the tickets will be available for return np to tbe following Wedneeday. Madame Boema, tits celebrated aoprano, whose beautietl voice and -artistic augiiur has often delighted the Ballarat public, aa-. nouaea* in oar advertising this' morning that if sufficient -iadneemeat is ollered ahe will viait n»'l»it shortly, to ringing leswua. Thoa desirous «f becoming pupils are invited to leave their names at Mr G. WHletta' studio: BdUp at Sutton and Company's, or J. Harrison's, Start street; or with MrW. J. Odes, before the 11th instant, j The chemiztry lectare class -for'teashmreoommence* today, at elerven uL, attte School of Mines. .The leetores wiUiodsde tbe foil course required for ihe Bdacatioo Department examinations, acd Willbecamleted beforejthe next eTanriastsoti.' Thai* y imng. Dow,should be rtady fortiteanmi-' ttionin December. The monthly meeting of tint Buginedrivstt* AEsoCiaticawilltakeplaoetiiis evenng artnlf-psat seven o'clock. The final erant fer tbe Vfrfc trephy will sailed tins aftentoon st ILake Wi 