MELBOURNE. Thursday Evening. {•BOS OUB OWN CORRESPONDENT.) The favorable reception wbich Mr Fisher's Sweep Repression Bill met with in the Assembly yesterday evening, makes it extremely probable that it will become law, and indeed the opponents of the measure did not make ont a very strong case. Mr Walsh's objections were based principally on a fear that the bookmakers' business wonld be increased; and Dr Madden'a strongest argument was that the measure would prove inoperative. If it does fail to bring sweepists to book, and so realise Dr-Madden's antici- : lations, no-harm will have been done; but Hr Zox will have the satisfaction of seeing sweeps continue. If, on the other band, the biQ is successful, it may be that the barm to the community which is supposed, to resnlt from any. increase of business to the bookmakers will be more than counterbalanced a by the good which will resnlt from abolishing the temptation to reckless investment n which thousands do not seem strong enough T to withstand. The tendency of modern legislation has been in the direction of the repression of gambling, because it is felt to w inimical to the well-being of the community. It cannot be denied that the sweep system is an incentive to.gambling, and therefore should be pit down. There is, it seems, more than a probability of trouble over the settlement of the claims of tho State on the insurance companies which took risks over the Government printing offices recently much damaged by fire. The Government estimate the loss at a little over £18,000, of which about £3300 is for the building, and the remainder for stock and machinery, bnt the companies at present refuse to pay over more than about £10,000 altogether, and intimate that rather than jay the amount claimed for damage to the jnilding, they will re-build the parts destroyed at their own cost. Major Freeman, the representative of the companies, bad an interview with the secretary of Public Works on Tuesday, and it was arranged that the Government should draw up a detailed schedule of their claims, which will be submitted to the companies. In the meantime the matter will so doubt be brought before the Cabinet. It has been arranged that the remains of Heenan, the person supposed tp have been poisoned by the man Burns, wbo is now awaiting his trial for another murder, shall be exhumed from the Ararat Cemetery on Saturday week, the 7th October. Mr Johnson, the Government analyst, is to be present at the-exhumation. The Kelson, which leaves for Siam tomorrow, takes so less than 220 horses, which have been, purchased here for the King of Siam by Captain Leonowens, who was specially deputed by His Majesty to make large investments in Australian horseflesh for army purposes. Some kangaroo, opossums, and other animals peculiar to this part of the world are also being sent to tho King, who has a taste for zoology. The general traffic manager of the Victorian railways has reported in favor of a substantial redaction in freights between Portland and • Hamilton, in order to compete with the water traffic, and Mr Bent has approved of.his recommendation*. The Hont Club race meeting, which takes place at Flemington next Saturday, is not earning mnch activity amongst the book- makers, and it looks as if operations will be a confined to the paddock. Euchre was b scratched for . tbe Open Steeplechase this s afternoon, and The Ghost for tbe Flat Bace. F The fallowing tenders were accepted today by tbe Board of Land and Works:— Railway Department—Additions and alterations to engine sheds, Ballarat, Morris and Begg, £6991 93 5d; supply and delivery at Albert Park station of 1200 cnbic yards Of inch machine-broken bluestone metal; S. .Willis Brothers, £493; removing of 1000 yards of earth, tc., at St Kilda, Jas. M"Callum, £160 15s 3d; manufacture and supply of engine traverser, Mephan Person, £299 Ss 2d; supply and delivery at •nley street station of J500 cubic yards machine-broken 2$-inch bluestone metal, Wm. Chambers, £474 7s fid; manufacture and supply of 6000 gallon tank, water crane, piping, &c.;, at St. Kilda station, J. E. Cottew, ££1416s; erection of station fcnildings at Middle Park, Emerald Hill, S. Kodda and Sons,"£640 Ss 4Jd; tenders for 157 piles for repairs at Sandridge pier were referred to the proper officers for report. Public Works Department:—Stockade, &c.;, ronnd battery at S ran Island, Herbert Hart, £1559 14^; tables, stools, Government Printine -.Exhibition Building, W. Ode, £147; forming itraq room, Houses of Pal'iiaroent, E. ChoUerten, £160; additionE, to police building. 8b Arnand, John Jarvis. £287 I0u pontoon, for dredging tqmatioos, S. ^'I>trty, -£S25 10s; qnarters for indnstrial echool^inys, .State Naiaeiy,' Man ton. W. J.'Tonks,^£«5 8s; repair tf whar^ Port Albert, Thae. Lr^mtt, £355 7s; cart juieds-and other woks atBefian Ballarat, Irving^ Glover, - and Cot, 1efenneand«ttecworts,iiearc(«irtohn, the fmblic executioner and s by no means the repnlaiveig being thathe bas beendcBcribed, bat unfortunately he is anything bat a model character, .and follows the example of Ids predecessor in committing himself when be; is out of gaol. Yesterday be grossly 'n»: bdandlomtelfja the presence of some reable woman, and was fined £10, or months, at tho city conrt to-day. > That? ia little donbt that many individnals bave owed their death to the facility nidi wluit& unaon foc fte extermioation of r»ts and other *naiwcaafaeobtiii>ed, ji0twithatsnaingtint- lite sale cl potsons is soppoj»a talbe nhjectto stringe^t ngnbtMais. With a ranr*f shnav^nr detennualinp to pat • •top to Me practioe, tin Phartnaecnl&al; Society have taken steps to bringthe viMmtpiubK nd Bebao, " street, «q?pe»red «tx aunt * — x ftiftM.; -Ita; n|deace«hmnid I destroy tefrf-three pfrsoM. 