It is always with sinsero pleasure that we welcome the advent of a new prophet in our midst ; and an article by Mr, James Pratt in the last Melbourne Review is evidentlyintended to prepare the world for a fresh gospel of Political Economy. Mr. Pratt has taken the Balance of Trade for the title of his article. He has dis- covered the important truth that the products of a country are not given away ; that the boy who purchases a peg-top is obliged to give a penny in exchange; and that the nation which imports hardware and calicoes has to ex port some equivalent, be it wool or corn or gold. The more peg-tops the boy gets for his penny the richer he is, and the more hardware and calico the nation gets in proportion to its exports the more prosperous will it become. It is the more unfor tunate that no one should have made these discoveries before Mr. Jame3 Pratt, as it is evident from what lie states that all the controversies of the last fifty years, tho labors of Cobden and Eastiat, no iess than those of Carey and Eoscher, have been on a false track, and are perfectly valueless. "A " clear and widely-spread apprehen- " sion of these truths,1' says our oracle, after explaining the benefit of an excess of imp rts, "is to be desired, not " only from an intellectual point of view, " but as a weapon wherewith to combat " the irritating and mischievous sophisms " of the upholders of the Mercantile Sys- " tern and their lineal descendants, the " protectionists, reciprocity men and " free-traders." Our readers will per haps ask what this deplorable Mercantile System is which has ruined the interests o! -protectionists and free-traders alike. Mr. Pratt defines its first leading feature to be that " real wealth consists in gold " and silver, and the more of these " metals any country possesses the richer " it will be." " it is a modern error," says Mr. Cliffe Leslie, " which, as " lioscher remarks, is not attributable " to Adam Smith, to ascribe to the mer- " cantile school the notion that money is " the only wealth. What that school really " taught was that money, in Locke's " words, was the most solid and sub- " stautiul part of the movable wealth " of a country ; that it had more ex- " tensive utility than any other kind of " wealth on account of its universal " exchangeability, abroad as well as at " home ; and that a considerable stock of " the precious metals in the Treasury of "the .State, or within its reach, was " requisite as a provision for foreign " wars." The ninepin which Mr. Pratt ha3 knocked down wa3 in fact manufac tured by that very pretentious aud shallow economist, Mr. M'Culloch, whose theories , on land and trade are ex ploded everywhere except in the minds of Australian Conservatives. However, we do not mention this as detractingfrom the importance of our prophet's work. Having only a ghost of his own raising to tackle, it must yet bo admitted that ho has tackled it like a man. It is unfortunate, however, that Mr. Pratt should have wasted ink and paper in demolishing an imaginary foe, because the statement of his constructive theory leaves a little to be desired. We agree with him that it is no necessary proof of English decadence that the British im ports exceed the exports " by an " amount nearly if not quite equal to the " wholeexporttradeof the United States." So enormous adifference, extending, with variations, over manyvears, has of course to be explained by some other theory than that England is running headlong into debt The bailiffs would long ago have been in possession, and the whole little island sold up, if this were even approximately the case ; whereas Eng land is at this moment gorged and over flowing with capital. The payments from our Indian empire, the receipts from investments of every kind in foreign countries, and the profits of our carry ing trade, are among the large offsets to our disbursements in foreign countries. Even the £'2,000,000 or £3,000,000 a year spent by Australian absentees are a contribution to the right side of the British balance sheet. When we tell our readers that more than four years ago Mr. Giffeu estimated the English receipts from capital invested abroad at £65,000,0- 0, it will be understood that the apparent English deficit is only the result of imperfect book-keeping. Meanwhile there is another side to the question. While British receipts from all quarters have increased, the exports of British produce have diminished. The eight years from 1ST 2 to 1S7 9 in clusive show a continuous decline from £256,257,347 to £191,531,758. We are willing to discount some of this as more apparent than real. In the years succeeding the Franco-German war there was a great inflation of .priced, and this wa3 presently followed by a corresponding fall.; Still, 1S80, -which was a good year, did not reach the level of 1S75, and we may fairly say that while the population and wealth of England have been on the in crease, the amount of products she sends abroad has fallen off. This, it may per haps be said, is due to tbe fact that sbe is consuming more largely at home, that her population is getting comforta to which it was not accustomed ten yeara ago. Unhappily, all the evidence is the o'.her way. The imports of cotton in 1S7 2 were valued at £53,3SO,670; in 1879 at £36,1S0,54S. We may partly balance this by wool, which shows an increase of something like 20 per cent., but wood and timber are on the wrong side. As for agriculture, it is notorious that land has gone down in value everywhere; that farms are being freely thrown up, and that the English gentry are beginning to talk of nbolishing en tail and primogeniture, so that they may cut up their estates into small farms. All this unmistakably means 'that English capital is flowing abroad, because it can not profitably be invested at borne, and that, except for the carrying trade, the woollen trade, and tbe coal mining in dustry, the English laborer would have a very bad time of it. Of course, if be reads Mr. Pratt's article, be will know that England was never wealthier than now, but whether that will console Lim for low wages and uncertain work is, wo fear, exceedingly doubtful. The facts that England is now importing nearly £170,000,000 worth of food; that the agricultural interest is ruined and the agricultural - population re duced ; that manufacturers are emi grating to the States, and population flows steadily after them, though the States no longer ofi'er the inducements they once did, are all fraught with melancholy (import to the statesmen who count men and industries as among the factors of a nation's greatness, and not only pounds sterling. English capi talists are making money by lending it to the foreign state or the foreign em ployer of labor ; and the English order for a foreign commodity, instead of being, as Mr. Pratt thinks, an order for home productions of tbe same value, is nearly as often as not nothing more than a convenient form of receiving a foreign dividend. Clearly this process may go on for a long time to come. British capital may be withdrawn year by year from the employment of labor, while the gross income of British capitalists from investments abroad may increase. In a word, Mr. Pratt started from a false con ception of what his opponents held, and lands himself in a supremely inadequate idea of the facts he has to explain. We have only dissected one of his absurd po sitions, and our space does not allow us to investigate more. IVe commend, however, one fact to his consideration. The imports of food into England would alone more than account for the whole difference between exports and imports. Deducting articles such as wine and tea, which England cannot hope to produce, the imports of cornstuffs and meat and fruit amount to about £ 1 00,000,000. If the English land laws were reformed root and branch, and the system of small farming introduced, as in France and Belgium, England might feed her own people, or very nearly so. In that case her imports would be cor respondingly diminished. We should , like to know whether Mr. Pratt considers that this — tbe result of a new stimulus to native industry — would bs a sign of decadence. If lie does not, wo think lie had better revise the statement that " whoro there is a large and permanent " excess of imports we may, with sa'ety, " predicate superabundant national W'.alth." As well say that the Man-' Chester man who has shut up his factory ; and lives on the proceeds of his estate in Bolivia is superabundantly rich be cause he draws money from abroad and sends nothing in return. 