A FEW WEEKS' WITH THE MALAYS. Next morning we started off to examine the goldfield, accompanied by the Sake! chief and our own men, except two we had sent back to the boats and going in a northerly direction, we crossed the Luga, and then mounted the " Yong Yup," which was a caution to weak points. We made the men carry the rifles, which had lost their charm when people who had lived there all their lives had never even heard a tiger. Besides, it took us all our time to pull ourselves up by the roots and saplings we could lay hold of; otherwise we slipped down faster than we could get up, for the mountain was red, greasy clay, without any gravel to give us a footing. In about three hours we arrived at Sungei Bomkoh. a small stream, up which we followed till we came to where a trench had been cut a few feet in a small flat. The country was favourable for minerals, having a nice soft bottom. We had a look round and tried four places, in each of which we obtained a fair prospect of rather coarse tin, one piece being as large as a bean, but not the colour of gold was obtained and when asked to point out where gold was found, they showed us some mica glittering in the rock. Seeing no change in the formation, and knowing that if we went much further east we should cross the boundary of Perak into Kelantan, one of the independent Malay States, where, if we discovered anything, our title would be unprotected by the British Government, and therefore worthless, we determined upon returning, for although these States are nominally subject to the Siamese Government, practically that Government has little power over them, and to depend on the native rajahs would be depending on very rotten sticks at present; but the time may come when these States will be induced to accept British Resident, and virtually hand over the Govern ment of their country to the British, as Perak Has done, and then I have little doubt that payable and, perhaps, rich goldfields may be opened there, for the rocks on the eastern side of the Peninsula, not being so prolific of tin as on the western side, are more likely to prove auriferous, and, moreover, gold has been found, and, in fact, is at present worked by the natives in several localities in the Eastern States. As to working the tin deposits in this part of the State on a large scale, I don't think such a thing would be practicable at present, for, although the climate is much better than near the coast, yet it is hardly such as would admit of European labour, unless for men who had been acclimated to Northern Queensland. But, setting aside the climate, there would be other difficulties in the way. For instance, it would be quite impossible for the European to obtain his customary beef or mutton, as it must be clearly understood that there is no such thing as pasture land, where stock could be fed, and there is no grass, the whole country from one end to the other being a dense and impenetrable jungle through which the sun never penetrates, the only open patches being the few acres which have been cleared for cultivation and even these in Us the constantly worked, for if the ground is allowed to lie uncropped for two at three years it becomes overgrown with a second growth of jungle at a surprising rate, trees being fit to cut for firewood in five years. In other places a coarse grass like a reed, called " Lalang," will grow up five or six feet high, which no stock would eat, and nothing else can now where it once obtains possession. As to working with Chinese coolies, you would scarcely get them to go that far inland, and if you did, the difficulties of feeding them would be very great, for until the country was opened up by roads it would be almost impossible to either get provisions up or get your ria down, as the river is barely navigable for even the small canoes, which would not carry more than 3 or 4 cwt. in addition to the two poles and their food for the trip. Of course, these remarks apply equally to gold mining, with the exception of getting your gold to market, and I have generally found that a very small canoe would be large enough to perform that part of the business. More over, there was no necessity for working tin in an out of the way place like the Upper Plus, as plenty of good deposits could be obtained much nearer a shipping port. The country passed through is wonderfully prolific in vegetation including large numbers of valuable I timber trees ; the boatmen on several occasions also t pointed out the " kaye puffs," or whitewood tree, from which they extract the case put oil of commerce, and which they use both externally, and internally for rheumatism and other complaints. One of the most useful productions of the forest is the roan or rattan as we call it. This creeper is a ready-made rope, which can be obtained close at hand for any emergency and can be had of any size from that of a bream line to the thickness of a large hawser, and can be cut 100 or 200 feet in length if necessary and without any variation in thickness In many places you will see very thin ones hanging from the branches of trees, with the end floating in the river, and at first I really thought these were fishing lines. I fancy the natives have some superstition in connection with these, for when I inquired about them I could hear them talking amongst themselves about " Angus " or ghosts but when I tried to elicit further information I failed, as they are very reticent about such things to Europeans. I had previously attempted to ascertain the religious views of the Bakers, but could get very little information from them, and what little they told me may be summed up thus: As they did not know what became of them after death they did not trouble about the matter, and if they did not do anybody any injury in this life they were not afraid of any bad consequences in another state of existence, if there was one. Perak might well be called the Land of the Butterfly, for no object is so attractive, nor so often arrests your attention and admiration, as the groups of these beautiful creatures to be seen at almost every open spot on the rivers. Single specimens of gorgeous and many tinted shades of beauty may be seen, but they flash by you and are gone like some meteor which attracts your notice but for a moment, and then leaves the darkness more visible. The butterflies I admired the most were to be seen in social gatherings of from tens to thousands, and occupying spaces from a foot to 15 or 20 feet in diameter, and here they waltz in dazzling splendour, for though they are only the common butterfly, and each is but modestly attired in a robe of a single colour, yet their colours when combined more than usual the rainbow tints, with the additional charm of a constant change of positions, which seems to radiate their colours like the sun on a group of lustres. If some grand ball was viewed through a kaleidoscope while the dancers were in frenzy whirling, some idea of these butterfly assemblies might be formed, that is, if the dancers were all ladies and the claw hammers were otherwise engaged. The butterflies to which I allude don't seem to have any particular occupation, nor any bills to meet, and have not a thought of what Mrs. Grundy says, for you seldom see any of them going quietly about their business like other butterflies which have something on hand, or like the busy stinging bee who is always troubling himself about a rainy day. No ! these jolly fellows lead a gay life, and seem to meet as soon as the sun is well up, and they waltz and frolic away the day in the full enjoyment of each other's society. Notwithstanding the vast abundance of vegetable growth, [ saw very little of what may be termed rich soil, and nowhere on the Peninsula did I see any land which could be compared with our rich and deep chocolate and black soils, I had expected to have found the jungle soil similar to our own scrub lands at the head of the Richmond, and extending down Nana Creek way, where tens of thousands of acres are waiting for the plough between the coast rivers and the New England tablelands ; but instead of rich soil, five or six feet deep, I found the clay bottom generally in three to six inches, and in most cases nothing but red or grey clay on the high lands, with sandy loam containing very little vegetable matter in the low lands, while the hard rock was generally near to the surface, and showed little signs of disintegration. Of course there may be plenty of better soil in parts which I did not visit, and in any case the deficiencies of the soil are made up by the forcing nature of the climate, for with the frequent rains, and the perpetual heat, the whole country is one vast hothouse, and it is well known that plants derive a very large proportion of their susten- ance from the atmosphere, irrespective of that derived from the soil in which they grow. It is a mystery to me how, with such a thick crop of constantly decaying vegetable matter, the soil should be so shallow, but the country is mostly of plutonic origin, the rocks being all more or less crystalline, and I saw no signs of volcanic action, nor any sedimentary rocks other than the recent alluviums found in the valleys wheretia-minimriahebur oarriodoa-andthftmdrifts are of no great depth, 50 feet being about the average and for these and other reasons A am strongly inclined to think that the Peninsula is of comparatively recent geological age. It is true that in places there are ! bluffs of mountain limestone ; but these are isolated, | and can only be considered as remnants of a previous ! formation-pillars left by the sea to show the depth of j oceanic abandon, the debris? from which probably being transmitted by subterranean heat into their present crystalline form Having made up jay minds to return, we got back to our friend the Sakc-i's/liouse as fast as we could walk, nothing occuring of any interest to anyone but myself for coming down the hillside, my feet slipped from under me, and I pulled up about 20 feet lower down, in a thorny bush, -virgin spikes like needles and about two inches long between, I 30t off with no worse damage than an increase in my rents and two or three ugly scratches about the hands and wrists. Arriving at the house we determined upon a forced march back to the boats, at which the men grumbled a good deal, especially as we were two men short to carry the luggage, which had not diminished much since we came up; however, the Baker came to the rescue, and he and one of his men assisted in carrying the swag, for which I took care to make him a handsome present, he having rendered his services voluntarily. I got paid off pretty well by our men for not waiting until next day, for they seemed dreadfully afraid of being overtaken by darkness in the jungle, and they stretched out like men walking for a wager, every one of whom meant to win, and the last two miles was done in about the quickest time on record ; but the walk had degenerated into a trot, for it was already so dark they could scarcely distinguish the track, and I think they were afraid of a stray tiger, for although these animals are seldom or never seen in these parts, I suppose it is principally owing to the fact that in the day time the tiger generally coils himself in his lair in the most inaccessible parts of the jungle, where they are not likely to be disturbed, while on the other hand the natives take good care never to travel at night when tigers are on the war-path, so that in this way they manage to keep at a respectable distance from each other. I was considerably knocked up by the time we arrived at the boats, having done' over 20 mile of scrambling up and down the greatest and most difficult track I had ever travelled over, and after turn- ing into my hammock I had a fit of vomiting, but this I think was owing to having drunk too much very strong tea without milk. Next morning, while the other boats were being got ready, I went and examined the Jeream Purjuk, and found it no worse than others we had got over, but the Bakers told us that though the Plus continues cor 20 days, coming from a north-east direction, yet it is not nearly. gable for the smallest boats, and that we should have to walk all the way if we wished to go there. We made a very early start back, and got over the ground in, grand style ; it was one continuation of shooting rapids, . the canoes going over them like three face horses, the men 1 yelling at the top of their forces. One man stands in the bow with his bamboo poised ready to cant her off from the rocks on either side, while the man in the stem with a broad paddle, sweeps her in j stantly round the most intricate passages between rocks, where one unaccustomed could not detect the smallest passage. It is sharp work for the eyes, and then is no time for second thoughts. " Kanas. kanan,'" yells the bow, and in a moment she is swept round to the right ; then comes " tire, skirt," and she is as quickly doubled back to the left It is fine fun, for you soon require implicit confidence in them, and I must say I enjoyed it immensely, and from sheer pleasure I kept my pipe going at such a pace that anyone at a little distance would have almost thought it was the smoke from a steam launch. The only mishap we had was in going up, when one of Um canoes swerved broadside to the current and swamped; but the men were over in an instant, and kept her up till he water was baled out The real trouble in case of a spill is getting your provisions and ammunition wet with the chance of having a number of your fixings carried away by the current. As to ourselves there was not much danger, as some of the rocks would have brought us up before travelling far, _ 