Ik our last issue we recorded the fact -that on Tuesday last the hat was being -carried round to collect money by a house-to-house visitation, for the pur pose of assisting Mr. Warden De Boos in bringing an action for libel against the proprietor of this journal, for a certain article that appeared in the _i ? ? .£ ii ? ? i —j. ?columns or wiis journal uu tue ist 01 the present month. Wc stated the bare fact, without any comment, not withstanding that at that time we were ?cognizant of certain occurrences tluit 'had taken place during this collection j tour which can hardly be said to reflect j any credit on tlin parties immediately ^concerned. If, as we have been repre- j .sentetl, our position towards Mr. j 'Warden 3)e Boos had been taken up | .merely from a motive of malicious ?spite, nothing could have suited our purpose better than to treat- our readers on Wednesday last to a simple rela tion of the acts perpetrated on that ?occasion by his ardent — but, perhaps, over-zealous — champions, Messrs. Gil MAltTiN and Gautlax. We refrained ?from doing so in a spirit of fairness to ! Mr, De Boos. We could not credit that an}' Chief Magistrate would know ingly allow his name aud position to l)e dragged into the mire by men who seemingly acted with his consent and authority ; and we felt convinced that as soon as Mr. De Boos obtained a knowledge, of the facts that transpired on that memorable day, he would in dignantly disavow all connection with tlie movement, and protest against the unwarrantable liberty that had been taken with his name. Days have passed sincc then ; and we must confess lo a humiliating dis appointment. Mr. Warden De Boos 3ias become cognizant at any rate with some of the facts, and yet no dis avowal has boon published, nor lias Mr. De Boos, Warden and Police Magistrate, taken any steps to mark his sense of displeasure at the lawless doings of that day, notwithstanding that a ready opportunity offered yes terday in the publication of a print that quite suddenly displays not a little enthusiasm in Mr. De Boos' eause. Aive we fTOim^bis silence to .conclude t&at; Mr. DE Boos approves ?of ihe proceedings'iaken % Messrs. CiLmaetist and Gaetlan to swell the fund collected by them to serve Mr. De Boos in his proposed action-at-law against this journal t \Ve need not tell Mr. De Boos that in one instance his -henchmen, on receiving a refusal from a respectable citizen to their truculent demand for a subscription, threatened, ; in presmrce of a number of -witnesses, that his house would be pullud down ; nor yet need we intone that, in reply ? to a question put by the owner, they said : ' We'll pull it down !' — we need not tell Mr. De Boos, we say, because lie was informed of it the very day it happened. On the other hand, is he aware that the same men, on receiving ?other refusals, used tlie most outra geous language and threatened violence to many other residents who could not. see the Veason why they should be «*lled upon to supplement the funds of . Jlr. CjXABi/ra De Boos, Warden and :fi^3Police Magistrate, for the purpose of ^'i&utbling; him to bring an actios against ?fliis journal J Threats of destruction of property and indiscriminate »? Boycotting' in a cjvilieed British community will lie ?cftnsidePRd had oifibugh ; a sure 'indication that tf&te; is 'something rottwi in the state of Denmark.' But them is something worse still behind Ouvit l» pqwible that Mr. De Boos is twin that the same ineu at a public JiOUbe in Upper i Temota. obtained a subscription of Jme guinea from the JjaJSwof Uie liwuee on the reprreento ijiill that no dping liia claim tea renewal of his license would be favour- ] ably considered, notwithstanding that his -house did not come up to the re quirements of the Act, by OliAKMiS j 1-K Boos, Jisq., ri'])i'(*scN(i'ti by them to be the Licensing Magistrate ; and that in the event of his refusing to contribute to the Defence Fund, Mr. Sub-Inspector Lyons would be 'set' on to him'? We cannot credit that Mr. De * Boos has become aware of the deg- j radation his supporters have sub jected him to. Ko person holding so important on official position as Mr. ! Dk lioos could conscientiously retain j his appointment a moment, if he ap- j proved the contemptuous disregard of j all law displayed by the men who pro- j fessedly acted with his sanction. And yet Mr. De Boos made no sign that lie disapproves ! Has he, like FhaXck ijs'steik, raised a ghost whom he finds I it difficult to lay? Or is his vision .so obscured that he cannot see that his verv friends are working his ruin f * i 