The electors of 13oroondara must bogia to realise \yhat I'ortia went through when she had to make up her mind which of tho numerous suitors for her hand she would tako ; aud wo have no clour.t thoy would, it they could, get out of the diuiculty by tlio same felicitous trick. AVbere there are so many candi dates of confessedly equal claims it would certainly bo a mercy to the con stituency to legalise some piece of mechanism for testing their respective merits. The leaden casket business would be a little too dramatic, perhaps, to suit the austere tastes of Mr. Hubert Harper ; but there is no reason why lio should object to tbo plan adopted ut the court of Liliput, whoro tho competition for o.lllce was gracefully and expedi tiously settled by giving .it to the com tier who jumped tlio highest. The jumping match micbt eomo orf on a platform specially erected for tho purpose, where the public would bo ublo to have a full view of the legs of the competitors ; or it might be con ducted in secret under the eyes of a select committee duly sworn to award the seat to the candidate who should cut tbo tallest caper. The ordeal ought not to be dista-teful to Mr. Uurpcr, for one of tho reasons ho assigns for coming forward just now is that " public life agrees with his tempera- ' ment from which we may gather that politics with liirn is merely a lienlthy form of recreation, in which his heels take as active a part as his head. Uarring some such ready method as this, we really cannot see how his Conservative friends are going to face the task of deciding between him and Mr. \V. i-\ Walker, who, after stating on Friday last, that he is quite ready to s.icri.ico his claims for the good of his party, made a speech for tho avowed purpose of showing that " he thought ' 110 gentleman eotild lmve any greater " claims on them than ho had." This delicate hint would settle the matter at once if Mr. Harper could bo brought to take it, and retire. But it is very clear that he has no intention of doing any thing of tho kind, ilo let the electors understand that lie lias just as good ail opinion of himself as -Mr. Walker has, and if thoy tube him at his own esti mate, the latter has not a ghost of a show. 1 n fact, tho seat is his already, for ho tells us "the electors have always ' returned tho best inau they could get; and it would be strange if thoy adoptod " a different course at this juncture." If tho best man is to win, the victory is Harper's ; and wa uocd not troublo our selves any more with speculating on tho issue. One of his qualifications — a qualifi cation which I10 shares with Mr. Walker — is that ho is . enaiuorod ot' Sir Bryan O'Loghlen, and will sup port his Government. This declara tion does not consort very woil with tho fact that he was not so very long ago ousted by Sir Bryan from West Bourke ; but Mr. Harper is not to be frightened by the bugbear of incon sistency. His explanation is simple and G'hristiaii-likc — " thoimh revenue muv ''bo sweet," he says, "a higher interest " is now involved 1" Not that he is altogether unselfish. Tho truth seems to be- that West L'ourke docs not agree with his constitution. The place was too laborious for him. "Ilo should " liko a district the duties of which aro " less onerous.'' Fometliiug light aud easy is what he wants — some nlaco whore there are not too many calls to answer, and where the abandonment of the servants' liall is not disturbed by too many deputations from the parlor. But i: this is tho desire of his heart, why, oh ! why, did not Sir. Harper take the precaution of supplying himself with a character in writing from his last employer, as Mr. Walker has done ! He tells us that he wrote to the editor of the Ar<jtu privately to state his claims ; but he ought to have recollected that his philosopher and guide was too deeply immersed in the study of Mr. L, L. .Smith's Crime tte Bou/.y to give any at tention to anything of inferior interest. iMr. Walker knows a trick worth two of that. When Betsy leaves her situation she takes good care to carry her " carackter" with her; and why should a politician out of service not follow her o.w.icp u ! ?dr. Walker answered this question for himself by procuring "a re- fereuce in writing" from tho lace mem ber for Maldon, which ho duly paraded in the face of his mortified rival on Friday evening. In this precious docu ment, which will doubtless see the light a good many times before it is laid to rest with the family heir-looms, Mr. Service speaks of Mr. Walker's defeat for Richmond as "a national loss" to be ascribed to the malicious activity of " tho " Papal brigade," and which " it will " henceforward, be one of the aims " of the constitutional party to rc- " trieve. ' fcuch language, coming from the loader of tho party, Mr. Walker naturally thinks may be token as a distiuct promise of support 011 its be half ; and if the electors of Boroondara are inspired by any lingering regard for that great constitutional light who for the present has disappeared from the Victorian firmament, they cannot do otherwise than acknowledge the ob ligation he has bequeathed to them. When the Papal brigade was contemp tuously lugged into the argument, it was of course never anticipated that the loss which the liatiori experienced whon Richmond rejected Mr. Walker would have to be repaired by the assistance of Sir Bryan O'Loghlen ; but the co/i- li-iTeinps Ciily shows that political leaders cannot bo too careful in wording the characters Which they give to their servitors, and that if tho Conservatives are wise thoy would imfiVediatftly estab lish a registry ollico for politicians out of place. If Mr. Service could havo foreseen that it would be ono of the aims of the constitutional party to put the mouthpiece of the Papal brigade 011 the Treasury benches, and to keiii) hii'ii there, he Would proba bly have found some other title of res pectability for his protiyr. But what will surprise most people is that tho nation should havo go; 011 so long and so well without Mr. Walker. The nation by Conservative showing should be on tho verge of destitution instead of em barking on an era of peace, progress and prosperity, for scarcely a lhontb passes but what it is called upon to deplore the estincticn of some great national beae- JacSoi._Lt lost-Mr. Walker; and-then it lost Mr. Service himself; and now it is on tho point of losing Mr. Murray Smith, a greater namo than either. To lose, however, is not always an unmixed source of condolence among good Conservatives, if wo may judge from the use which Messrs. Harper and Walker mako of their experience in that direction. When Dogberry summed up his various claims to respect as tho servant of the public, he skimmed lightly over every other qualification till ho came to tho fact that ho was " a fellow that hath had losses," and on this ho took Irs stand. If Mr. Harper and Mr. Walker do not ex actly pride thoinsolves ou tho circum stance or their having lost their seats for other constituencies, they do not conceal from the good people of Boroondara that they consider their' candidature all the more cOmmcndablo and deserving of suc cess on that uccouut. " I was beaten "for West Bourko by seventy votes," says Sir. Harper ; " and 1," says Mr. Walker, " lost Richmond by thirty'' — the inference being that a candidate who has beeu rejected by one constituency is therefore tho most fitting person to repre sent another. What Boroondara will havo to sa to this new electioneering doctriuo will be watched with interest by tlio general body of electors, because the example it sots will probably become a fertile source of precedents for all time to conic. Fellows who havo had losses, of whom there is always a plentiful stock on hand in the Conservative camp, will turn up at every platform ; and oven il r. C. E. donas, who has come back to amuse us with his experiences of political life iu America, need not despair of inducing the leaders of the party to give him a welcome, and add to it tlio fluttering a surance that it was a na tional disaster for the community when ho quitted it. 