Sftetcbej*. THE TEANSFEEEED GHOST. The country residence of Mr. John Hinckman was a delightful place to me, for many reasons. It was the abode of a genial, though somewhat impulsive, hospitality. It had broad, smooth shaven lawns and towering oaks and elms ; there were bosky shades at several points, and riot' far from the house there was a little rill ' spanned by a rustio bridge with tho bark on ; mere were iruits ana nowers,. pleasant people, chess, billiards, ridoB, walks, and fishing. Thesowere great attractions, but none of them, nor all of them together, would have been sufficient to hold mo to tho placo very long. I had been invited for the trout season, but should, probably have finished my visit early in the summer had it not been that upon fair days,- when the grass was dry, and thesun was riot too hot, and there was but little wind, there strolled beneath tho lofty ehns, or passed lightly through tho bosky shades, tho form of my Madeline. j This lady was not, in vory truth, my Mad eline. S(ie had never 'given herself to mo, rior had I, in any way, acquired possession of her. But as I considered her possession the only sufficient reason for the continuanco of my existence, I called her,'- in my reveries, mine. It may have been that' I would not have been obliged to. confine' the use of this possessive pronoun to my roveries had I confessed tho state of my feelings to tho lady. But this was an unusually difficult thing to do. Not only did I dread, as almost all lovers dread, taking tho step which would in an in stant put an end to that delightful season which may ue cermeu tne ante-interrogatory period of love, and which might at the same time terminate all intercourse or connection with the object of my passion ; but I was, also dreadfully afraid of John Hinckman. This gentlemen was asgood friend of mine, but it would havo required a bolder man than I was at that time to ask him for the gift of his niece, who was tho head of his household, and, according to his own frequent statement, tho main prop of his declining years. Had Madeline acquiesced in my general views on the subjeot, I might have felt encouraged to open tho matter to Mr. Hinckman, but, as I said before, I had never asked her whether or not she would bo mind. I thought of theso things at all hours of tho day and night, par ticularly the latter. I was lying awake ono night, in Uie groat bed in my spacious chamber, when, by tho iin light of the now moon, which partially filled tho room, I saw John Hinokman standing by a largo chair near tho door. I was very much surprised at this for two reasons : In tho first placo, my host had novor beforo como into my room, and, in tho second place, ho had gone from homo that morning, and had not ex pected to return for sovoral days. It was for this reason that I had beon able that ovoning to sit muoh later than usual with Madeline on tho moonlit porch. The figure was cortainly that of John Hinckman in his ordinary dress, but thoro Was a vagueness and indistinotness about it which, presontly assured mo that it was a ghost. Had tho good old man been murdered ? and had his spirit como to toll mo of the deed, and to.conlido to mo tho protec tion of his dear ? ? My heart fluttered at what I was about to think, but at this instant tho figuro spoke. 'Do you know,' ho said, with a counto nanco that indicated anxiety, ' if Mr. Hinck man will return to night ?' I thought it well to maintain a calm oxtorior, and I answered : ' Wo do not oxpect him.' ' I am glad of that,' said he, sinking into tho chair by -which ho stood. ?' During tho two years and a half that I havo inhabited this house, that man has never boforo boon away for a single night. You can't imagine tho relief it fives mo.' And as ho spoke ho stretohed out his legs and leaned back in tho chair. His form bo came less vague, and tho color of his garments moro distinct and ovidont, whilo an expression of gratified relief succeeded to tho anxiety of his countenance. ' Two years and a half 1' I exclaimed. ' I don't understand you.' ' It is fully that length of time,' said the ghost, ' since I first came here. Mine is not' an ordinary case. But boforo I say anything more about it, let mo ask you again if you are sure Mr. Hinckman will not return to-night ?' ' ' I am as sure of it as I can be of anything,' I answered. ' He loft to-day for Bristol, two hundred miles away.' ' Then I will go on,' said the ghost, ' for I am glad to have the opportunity of talking to somo ono who will listen to me ; but if John Hinckman should come in and catch mo here, I should be frightened out of my wits.' ' This is all very strango,' I said, greatly puzzled by what I had heard. ' Are you tho ghost of Mr. Hinokman ?' This was a bold question, but my mind was so full of other emotions that there seemed to bo no- room for that of fear. ' Yes, I am his ghost,' my companion re plied, ' and yet I havo no right to be. And this is what makes mo so uneasy, and so much afraid of him. It is a strango story, and, I truly believe, without precedent. Two years and, a half ago, John Hinckman was danger ously ill in this very room. At one time he was so far gone that he was really believed to be dead. It was in consequenco of too pre cipitate a report in regard to this matter that I was, at that time, appointed to bo his ghost. Imagine my surprise and horror, sir, when, after I had accepted tho position and assumed its responsibilities, the old man revived, be came convalescent, and eventually regained his usual health. My situation was now ono of extreme delicacy and embarrassment. I had no power to return to my original unem bodiment, and I had no right to be tho ghost of a man who was not dead. I was advised by my friends to quietly maintain my position, and was assured that, as John Hinckman was an elderly man, it could not bo long before I could rightly assume the position for which I had been selected. But I tell you, sir,' ho continued with animation, 'tho old fellow seems as vigorous as ever, and I have no idea how much longer this annoying state of things will continue. I spend my time trying to get out of that old man's way. I must not leave this house, and he seems to follow mo everywhere. I tell you, sir, ho haunts me.' ' That is truly a queer state of things,' I remarked. ' But why aro you afraid of him ? He couldn't hurt you.' 'Of course he couldn't,' said the ghost. ' But his very presence is a shock and terror to mo. Imagine, sir, how you would feel if my ease were yours.' I could not imagine such a thing at all. I simply shuddered. 'And if -one must bo a wrongful ghost at all, tho apparition continued, ' it would be much pleasantor to bo the ghost of somo man other than John Hinckman. There is in him an irascibilty of temper, accompanied by a facility of invective, which is seldom met with. And what would happen if ho were to see me, and find \out, as I am sure ho would, how long and why I had inhabited his house, I can scarcely conceive. I havo seen him in his bursts of passion, and, although ho did not hurt the people ho stormed at any more than ho would hurt mo, thoy seemed to shrink before him.' AU this I knew to bo very true. Had it not been for this peculiarity of Mr. Hinokman, I might have been more willing to talk to him about his niece. ' I feel sory for you,' I said, for I really be gan to have a sympathetic feeling toward this unfortunate apparition. ' Your ease is indeed a hard one. It reminds me of those persons who have had doubles, and I suppose a man would often, bo very angry indeed, when ho lound that there was another being who was personating himself.' ' Oh, the eases are not similar at all,' said tho ghost. ' A double or doppolgangor lives on the' earth with a man, and, boing. exactly like him,, ho makes all sorts of trouble, of course.' It is very different with me. lam not hero to live with Mr. Hinckrnan. I am hero to take his placo. Now, it would mako John Hinckman very angry if he know that. Don't you know it would?' ' . I assented promptly. 'Now that ho is away I can be easy for a little while,' continued tho ghost, ' and I am so glad to haxe an opportunity of talking to you; I have frequently come into your room, and watched you while you slent. but did nnfc dare to speak to you for fear that if you talked with mo Mr. Hinckman would hear you, and come into the room to know why you were talking to yourself.' ' But would he not hoar you ?' I asked. ' Oh, no,' said tho other, ' there are times when any one may see mo, but no ono hears me except tho person to whom I address my self.' ' 'But jvhy did you wiBh to speak to mo?' I asked. _ ' Because,' replied tho ghost, ' I like occa sionally to talk to people, and especially to somo one ui:o yourself, whoso mind is so troubled and perturbed that you are not likely to bo frightened by a visit from one of us. But I particularly wanted to ask you to do me a favor. There is every probability, bo far as I can see, that John Hinckman will live a long time, and my situation is becoming insupportable. My great object at present is to get myself transferred, and I think that you may, perhaps, be of use to me.' ' Transferred 1' I exolaimod. 'What do you moan by that ?' 'What I mean,' said the other, 'is this. Now that I havo started on my career I have' got to bo the ghost of somebody ; and I want to bo tho ghost of a man who is really dead.' ' I should think that would bo easy onough,' I said. ' Opportunities must continually occur.' . . ' . . ' Not at all ! not at all !' said my compan ion, quickly. ' You have no idea what a rush and pressure there is for situations of this kind. Whenever a vacancy occurs, if I may express myself in that way, thoro are- crowds of applications for tho ghostship.' ' I had no 'idea that bucIi a state of things existed,' I said, becoming quite interested in tho matter. ' Thero ought to bo somo regular system, or order of precedence, by whioh you could all take your turns like customers in a barbers's shop.' ' Oli dear, that would never do at all !' said the other. ' Some of us would havo to wait forever. There is always a great rush when ever a good ghostship offers itself — whilo, as you know, thoro aro somo positions that no one would care for. And it was in consoquenco of my being in too great a hurry on an occa sion of the kind that I got myself into my present disagreeable predicament, and I havo thought that it might bo possible that you ould help nio out of it. You might know of a caso where an opportunity for a ghostnhip was not gonorally oxpeotcd, but which might present itsolf at any moment. If you would givo mo a short notico, I know I could arrange for a transfer.' ' What do you moan ?' I exclaimed. ' Do you want mo to commit suicido ? Or to un dortako a murder for your bonofit?' ' Oh, no, no, no I' said Iho; otlior, with a vapory smilo. ' I mean nothing of that kind. To bo Biiro, thoro aro lovors who aro watched with considerable interest, such persons having beon known, in moments of depression, to offor very desirable ghostshipa, but I did not think anything of that kind in connection with you. You woro tho only parson I oared to spoak to, and I hoped that you might givo me some information that would bo of uso ; and, in return, I shall bo very glad to holp you in your lovo affair.' 'You seem to know that I havo such an affair,' I said. 'Oh, yes,' roplied tho other, with a littlo yawn. ' I could not bo hero so muoh as I havo boon without knowing all about that.' There was somothing horrible in tho idea of Madolino and myself having been watched by a ghost, oven, perhaps, whon wo wandered together in tho most delightful and bosky places. But, thori, this was quito an excep tional ghost, and I could not have the objeo tiona to him whioh would ordinarily arise in regard to beings of his class. ' I must go now,' said tho ghost, rising, I'but.I will see you somewhere to-morrow night. And remember — you help mo, and I'll help you.' I had doubts the noxt morning as to tho .propriety of tolling Madeline anything about this interview, and soon convinced myBolf that I must koep silent on tho subjeot. If sho knew thoro was a ghost about the house nhe would probably leave tho place instantly. I did not mention ' the matter, and so regulated my demeanor that I am quito sure Madelino never suspected what had taken place. For somo time I had wished that Mr. Hinckman would absent himself, for a day at least, from the promises. In such case I thought I might more easily nerve myself up to the point of speaking to Madelino on the subject of our future collateral existence, and, now that the opportunity for such speech had really oc curred, I did not feel ready to avail myself of it. What would become of mo if sho refused nio? I had an idea, however, that tho lady thought, that, if I were going to speak at all, this was :the tinie. Sho must havo known that certain sentiments wore afloat within me, and sho was not unreasonable in her wish to see tho mattor settled ono way or tho other. But I did not feel like taking a bold step in the dark. If she wished me to ask her to givo herself to mo, sho ought to offor mo somo reason to suppose that sho would make the gift. H I saw no probability of such generosity, I would prefer that things should remain as thoy were. That evening I was sitting with Madeline in tho moonlit porch. It was nearly ten o'clock, and ever since supper-time I had been working myself up to tho point of making an avowal of my sentiments. I had not posi tively determined to do this, but wished gradually to reach the proper point, when,, if tho prospect looked bright, I might speak. My companion appeared to understand 'the situation— at least, I imagined that tho nearer I came to a proposal the more she seemed to expect it. It was cortainly a very critical and important epoch in my life. If I spoke, I should make myself happy or miserable for ever, and if I did not speak I had every reason,, to believe that the lady would not give mo another chance to do- so. Sitting thus with Madeline, talking a little, and thinking very hard over these momentous matters, I looked up and saw the ghost, not a dozen feet away from us. Ho was sitting on the railing of the porch, ono leg thrown up before him, the other dangling down as. ho leaned against a post. Ho was behind Made line, but almost in front of me, as I sat facing tho lady: It was fortunate that Madeline was looking out over the landscape, for I must have appeared very much startled. Tho ghost had told me that ho would see lne some time this night, but I did not think he would make his appearance whonl was in tho company of Madeline. If she should see the spirit of her undo I could not answer for the eonsequencos. I made no exclamation, but tho ghost ovidontly saw that I was troubled. ' Don't bo afraid,' lie said—' I shall not lot her see me ; and oho cannot here mo speak unless I address myself to her, which I do not intend to do.' I suppose I looked grateful. ' So you need not trouble yourself about that,' the ghost continued ; ' ' but it seems to mo that you are not getting along vory well with your affair. If I worn you, I should speak out without waiting any longer. You will never have a better chance. ? Yon aro not likely to be interrupted; and, solar as I can judge, the lady seems disposed to listen to you favorably; that is, if'Bho over intends to do ?so. There is no knowing when John Hinck man will go away again ; certainly not this summer. If I were in your placo I should never dare to make lovo to Hinckman's niece if he were anywhero about the place. If he should catch any ono offering himself to Miss- Madeline, he would then be a terrible man to encounter.' ? . ? . - I agreed perfectly to all this. . ' I cannot bear to think of him I' I ejacu lated aloud. ' Think of whom ?' . . asked Madolino, turn ing. quickly toward me. Hero was an awkw.ai'd situation. The' long speech of tho ghost, to which Madelino paid no attention, but which I heard with perfect distinctness, had made mo forget myself. It was necessary to explain quickly. Of course, it would not do to admit that it was of her dear uncle that I was speaking ; and so I mentioned hastily the first name I thought of. ,. .- . ' Mr. Vilars,' I said. . This statement was entirely correct, for I never could boar to think of Mr. Vilars, who was a gentleman who had, at various times, paid much attention to Madeline. ' It is.wrong for you to speak in that way Of Ml'. Vilars.' she HJlirl. ' Ho in n mmovlrn. bly well educated and sensible young man, and has very pleasant manners. Ho expeefs to bo elected to the legislature this fall, and I should not be surprised if ho made his mark. Ho will do well in a legislative body, for when ever Mr. Vilars has anything to say ho knows just how and when to say it.' This was spoken vory quietly, and. without any Bhow of resentment, which was all very natural, for if Madeline thought at all favor ably of me sho could not feel .displeased that I should have disagrceablo emotions in regard to a possible rival. Tho concluding words contained a hint which I was not slow to un derstand. I felt vory buto that if Mr. Vilars wore in my present position ho would speak quickly enough. . . 'I know it is wrong to havo such ideas about a person,' I --said, 'but -I cannot help it' ?.-..- . The lady did not chido me, and after this bIio seemed even in a softer mood. As for mo, I felt considerably annoyed, for I had not wished to admit that anv thoucht of Mr. Vilars had ever oeoupicd my mind. ' You should not speak aloud that way,' said tho ghost, ' or you may get yourself into trouble. I want to see overything go well with you, because then you may be disposed to holp mo, especially if I should chaneo to bo of. any assistance to you, whioh I hope I shall,bo.' I longed to toll him that there was no way in which he could holp mo so much as by tak ing his instant departure. To mako love to a young lady with a ghost sittipg on tho railing nearby, and that ghost tho apparition of a lnuoh- drCadod uncle, tho very idea of whom in such a position and at such a time made ino tremble, was a difiioult, if not an imposs ible, thing to do ; but I forboro to speak, al though I may have looked my mind. ' I suppose,' continued the ghost, ' that you havo not heard anything that might bo of advantage to me. Of course, I am very anxious to hear, but if you havo anything to tell me, I can wait until you aro alone. I will come to you to-night in your room, or I ill stay hero until the lady goes away.' ' You need not wait horo,' I aaid ; ' I havo nothing nt all to say to you.' Madelino sprang to hor foot, her face flushed arid hor oyes ablaze 'Wait horo I' sho cried. 'What do you supposo I am waiting for ? Nothing to Bay to mo indeed! — I should think bo! What should you havo to say to mo ?' ' Madolino,' I oxolaimcd, stopping toward hor, ' lot mo oxplain.' But sho had gone. Hero was tho end of tho world for mo 1 I turned fiercoly to the ghost. ' Wrqtohcd existonco I' I cried. ' You have ruined overything. You havo blackened my whole life. Had it not been for you ? ' But hero my voico faltered. I could say no more. , ' You wrong mo,' said tho ghost. ' I havo not injured you. I havo tried only to onoour ago and assist you, and it is your own folly that has done this mischief. But do not do Bpair. Such mistakes as these can bocxplaincd. Keep up a bravo heart. Good-by.' And ho vanished from tho railing liko a bursting soap-bubble. I wont gloomily to bod, but I saw no ap paritions that night except those of despair and misory which my wrotohed. thoughts called up. Tho words I had uttorod had sounded to Madolino liko tho basest insult. Of course, thoro was only ono interpretation she could put upon them. As to explaining my ejaculations, that was impossible. I thought the matter ovor and over again as I lay awako that night, and I determined that I would never toll Madolino the facts of tho case. It would bo hotter for me to suffer all my life than for her to ltnow that tho ghost of her uncle haunted tho house. Mr. Hinokman was away, and if sho know of his ghost bIio could not bo mado to believe that he was not dead. Sho might not svrvivo tho shock I No, my heart could bleed, but I would never toll her. Tho next day was fine, noither too cool nor too warm ; tho breezes were gentle, and na ture smiled. But there were no walks or ridfs with Madolino. Sho seemed to bo much en gaged during tho day, and I Haw but littlo of hor. Whon we met at meals bIio was polite, but very quito and reserved. Sho had evi dently determined on a courso of conduct, and had resolved to assumo that, although I had been very rudo to hor, she did not under stand tho import of my words. It would bo quito proper, of courso, for hor not to know what I meant by my expressions of the night before. ] I was downcast and wretched, and said but little, and the only bright streak across tho black horizon of my woo was the fact that she did not appear to be happy, although she affected an air of unconcern. Tho moonlit porch was deserted that evening, but wander ing about the house I found Madeline in tho library alone. She was reading, but I went in and sat down nesr her. I felt that, although I could not do so fully, I must in a measure explain my conduct of the night boforo. Sho listened quietly to asomowhat labored apology I mado for the words I had used. ' I have not tho slightest idea what you meant,' she said, ' but you were very rude.' I earnestly disclaimed any intention of rudeness, and assured her, with a warmth of speech that must havo made somo impression upon her, that rudeness to her would bo an action impossible to mo. I said a great deal upon tho subject, and implored hor to believe that if it were not for a certain obstacle I could speak to her so plainly that she would understand everything. Sho was silent for a lime, and then she said, rather more kindly, I thought, than she had spoken before : ' Is that obstacle in any way connected with my uncle ?' ' Yes,' I answered, after a littlo hesitation, ' it is, in a measure, connected with him.' She mado no answer to this, and sat look ing at her book, but not* reading. From tho expression of her face, I thought sho was somewhat softened toward me. ? Sho knew her uncle as well as I did, and she may have been thinking that, if he were tho obstacle that prevented my speaking (and thcro were many ways in which ho might bo that obsta cle), my position would bo suoh a hard ono that it would oxcuso somo wildness of speech and eccentricity of manner. I saw, too, that tho warmth of my partial explanations had had somo effect on her, and I began to be lieve that it.might bo a good thing for mo to speak my mind without delay. No matter how sho should receive my proposition, my relations with her eould not bo worse than thoy had been the provious night and day, and thero was something in her face which encouraged me to hope that sho might forgot my foolish exclamations of the ovening before if I began to tell her my tale of lovo. I drew my chair a little nearer to her, and as I did so the ghost burst into tho room from the door-way behind hor. I say burst, although no door flew open and ho made no noise. Ho was wildly oxoitcd, and waved his arms above his head. Tho moment I saw him, nvy heart fell within me. With tho en trance of that impertinent apparition, overy hope fled from me. I could not speak whilo ho was in the room. I must have turned pale, and I gazod stead fastly at tho ghost, almost without seeing Madelino, who sat between us. ' Do you know,' ho cried, ' that John Hinckman is coming up the hill ? Ho will bo hero in fifteen minutes, and '4 you are doing snylhing in tho way of love- making, you hac better hurry it up. But this is not what I camo to toll you. I have glorious news ? At last I am transferred 1 Not forty minutes ago a Eussian nobleman was murdered by tlio Nihilists. Nobody ever thought of him in connection with an immediate ghostship. My friends instantly applied for tho situation for me, and obtained my transfer. I am off before that horrid Hinokman comes up tho hill. Tho moment I roach my new position, I shall put off this hated semblance. Good by. You can't imagine how glad I am to bo, at last, tho real, ghost of somebody.' ' Oh I' I cried, rising to my feet and stretohing out my arms in utter wretchedness, ' I would to Heaven you were mine 1' ' I am yours,' said Madeline, rising to me hor tearful eyes. FrankJl. Stockton. — Century. 