A Drunkard's Dream. At a temperance meeting the other evening in Arbroath, the 1 clurer told the following story- There was a man in the North of England who was excessively addicted to drink, so much so that himself wife and family were in rags and wretchedness—they were, in fact, starved His oldest boy was infirm, and in consequence suffered most; he was reduced to a skeleton. One night the man had a terrible dream, which he eould ijot get out of his head. " I dreamed (said he) that in a certain place I saw three cjts. There was plenty o*' meat for them, but one of them seemed to get it a 1. It was in consequence very fat. The second one was the very reierse It was nothing but skin and bone It got nothing to eat. as the fat one seemed to catch all. and drove it back when it seem-d within reach of a mouth, ful. The third, however, was the most wonder- • ful of all; it seemed to be d. af. blind and to 1 have no power of scent. No matter near ' it was to a tit-bit, it failed to see it, and, in con- i sequence, the fat one secured its share also ' without any special effort." He concluded that this cat must have been mad. This dream troubled the man so much that be t dd it to hia 1 wife oftener than once, but she could make ! nothing of it. His oldest boy having con- j aidered the matter, said Father, if you promise I not to beat me, I wiil tell you what your dream j meant * The father at length agreed, so the ! poor lad proceeded, Father, the fat cat you saw j who got all the nice bits was Browne up there. where you drink all your wages. The thin cat j who was prevented getting anything to eat by the j fat one, is myself (showing his attenuated ' limbs), and the other cat, which you considered ! to be mad, is yourself. A Western Story of True Flavour, Forty-eight years ago. John Saunders, one of the wealthiest ca tle kings of Mantana, who was then a poor youth, v*ith nothing to recommend him bu- a spotless reputation and a brave heart, became enamoured of a Kentucky belle, whose father was a rich man. His lendern *s was reciprocated, but the parent of the young lady refused his consent to ihe ma liage, and w;.s inexorable. Young -aunders was too bonorab e to press bi# suit in a family where his presence was unwelcome. He sought an interview with the girl's parent, who for tke twenty third and last time told him 10 abandon all hope of ma riage as far as hia daughter was concerned, as the d flerenee in their social posi • tion was an insurmo ntable bairier. ' How much are you wo tli ?" a ked the y ung lover. l'<ansfcr my prope ty into a million dollars cash." was ihe haughty reply, "Very well." answered y ung Saunders, to-morrow morning I leave for the We t to c >rve out a f itune, and when I can size up ta your million dollars I will return ind claim my bride for I know she will be true." ihe young man kept his promise, after a long and sorrowful interview wrh hia itmniorafa. and with a small ou fi struck out bra rely for the Wesiern Territories. :Since that time 48 years have ( lap ed during which wi:h varying success, he has dipped into numerous ente prises from the Bri ish line 10 Sonora. He came to Montana in early day-, and embarked in the cxttle business with a firm of Helena with such success that the firm now own-i nearly '20,u00 head on the Teton. About a m nth ago Sau ders figu ed up his assets, concluded be was wo > h a million, and left for Kentucky. He found ihe love of his young davs waiting for him, confident and hopeful of his fiaal ..rrival. Tlie two we e married with as little ceremony ;is possible. Snow fell at the Bu ta on Thuisday l*st. A seige train of JH guns has been despatched from England to Egypt. Ten thousand native Indian troops are to be sent from India to Egypt. Sir Henry Partes has left England on his return to Astralia. Furthe aga ian out'ages are leported as having taken place in i eland last week. The Victo ian revenue for the year ended June 30 amounte > to £5,588,756 The ueople in the fou li are agitating for an extension of the Po t Victor B eakwater. An gas on f Jks are continuing the agitation for a railway to t.bei rtown. Several of the j-y.npathisers wit'i the late Kelly gang are said 10 be assembling around their old haun s aud a fresh outbrea-c is feared It is p obable that England will call out the icse.vets, so at to be fully piepated for wa> if the p es<>nt state af affairs in Egypt thould culminate in such a c isis. Fmthe outrages have been perpretate I on the Jews in Husaia, but the Government have p omptly arrested he rin_leaders o the riots. Dunn &Co;'s office at Mount Ba ker, was b oken in o on 1 hur-day night, and several cheques and other documents stolen A man named Fer es has gone to England, from Cal fornia, oestab.i-h his identity as Sit liojer Tic Jbo ne Tha ates io telegraphic messages from Adelaide ta port Darwiu have been reduced from 10s lofiifo every un words. One housand :wo i.u dred marine-, artille y, and light infant y have been sent from England 10 fvaypt The publisher of the Frehrit, a German socialist paper published in London, has been sentenced to eighte -n months imprisonment lor pub ishing an article appUudiug tlie murder of Lord Cavendish and Mr. Burke. President Ai hu^ his been tli eatened with assassination if he does not recall Minis er Lowell from England and ask for the unconditional surrender of all American citizens imp isoned wiiliou' 'rial in IreLqd. Mr. Pendarves Vivian's Bill for Sunday closing in < ornwall proposes to enact that in that county all premises in which intoxicating liquors are sold or exposed for sale by retail shall be closed during the whole of Sunday. The petition in favour of the measure has been signed by 120,080 persons. An advertisement was contracted for in a Milwaukee paper in which the reprcsentat 011 o 4 bald head and a head " ith plenty of hair were to appear. One was to be labelled •• 'Wore using, " and the other ' After using, " The maker up-1st hi charitab y hope, not for a practical joke but by sheer mistake—transposed I ihe cuts, putting the legend "Before using"' under the head that had plenty ot hair, and that " After using " under the picture of the bald head. One can imagine the ire of the hair-restoring advertiser, and his subsequent recourse to the ' gentlemen of the long robe," when he looked upon this picture and on that— ! Printers' llrgutrr, ! Professor A. E. Blount says that a single g ain of wheat camnot car yj on its liabi s and develope according to i s nature on less than 16 square iiaches of land, and that every pound of seed whe t should be made to produce its bushel all over the world ; also that the sowing of large quaati ies of seed to get a good >tand is the worst, kind of economy, as ilie farmer lo es hie , seed and never in any instance caq rnak'i as large a yield as by thin sowing. j t iur ( Ibury Banner) Corowacor espondent wr tes ;—** For years if has been repo u-d hat, a ghost of a murdered man haun ed ihe JM.U ; abong. I have much pleasure in in orniinj any 1 tiavellers that ihe repor ed B llabong glios , owing o hp la e s ringen mea uresadopted by the S ock and Pastur s Board, has fallen a victim 10 <he rifle of the hunter. It turns oat to be a wlii e k n^aroo, the kin of whiph has been purchased by Mr. H. Culley, of; P i a n a . j \ Jerseyman having a cow with only oneey; j bought a glass one from an animal Bluffer, and puti into be cavity. Une day he sold it to a ( ca tie dealer for 40dols. and a keg of cider. Subsequently he fo lowed the dealer and took > the cow away from the stable, where she had been stowed for the night, arid put her glass eye in his pocket. The dealer had btm arrested for Stealing. The accuser asked him if his eow had two eyes. "'Certainly," ^aid the dealer. The eow was b ought, and, to the dealer a astonishment, proved to have only one eye. 1 he cow was turned over tp its forme, owner, who took her home. He played that trick several times— often enough to get money to pay his election expenses when he ran for sheriff. Subsequently the cow had a calf, and the calf had a glass eye just like in 1 mother's, go the Jerseyman said. 