THE FUTURE OF PERU. The massacre of a thousand Peruvians by the lawless bands of their compatriots who are now scouring the country in 'search of plunder is a matter which occa sions very little interest compared with bhe death of a similar number of Euro peans or Americans. Yet the sacking of bhe town of Pisco, on the Peruvian coast, md the atrocities committed by the marauders who obtained possession of the town are outrages which may well arouse among other nations a desire that the disorders among the unhappy people of Peru may before long be ter minated in some way or other. Pisco, the town which has been visited with this terrible calamity, lias suffered several times in the same way during the course of the faction wars which periodically disturb the country. It is a spot which affords by no means an enviable residence at its best, lying as it does in a hot, arid part of Peru, and being at in tervals subject to devastating earthquakes, rhe only reason for its existence is that there is a good harbour within two miles of its site, but the essential slement of security is wanting, for it has svidently been found impossible to fortify it so as to afford effectual protection to the inhabitants. The peculiarities of the Peruvians may be distinctly traced to the strange nature of their country. The jreat majority of the people live on an slevated tableland, which is separated trom the sea by a broad rainless tract. Die strip of country to the west of the Andes, sterile as it is in the majority of places, and broken only by a few transverse ralleys, 'which obtain their verdure from the streams descending from the moun tains, has proved a great barrier to free jommunication with the outer world; md whereas Chili with its comparatively Fertile line of coast land has opened up an- active commerce with trans marine countries, Peru has remained to a large extent isolated from the rest of the worid. The consequenoe is that the Peruvians as a people are 2enturie8 behind the age^ and it is not to be wondered at that their nationality is threatened with extinction at the hands of the Chilians, who, though far behind the Europeanor-American- standard, are nevertheless a: more intelligent race than the majority of South Americans. The most remarkable feature in the negotiations to which the conclusion of the war between Chilfand Peru has given rise is the assumption on the part of the United States of a universal protec torate over all the Republics of South America. As early as February of last year, when negotiations for the conclusion of a peace were on foot, and it was proposed to effect a pacification by the intervention of European Powers in conjunction with the United States, Mr. Evart, the American Secretary of State, enunciated the doctrine ? that the United StateSialone had any right to interfere with the affairs of South American States. Mr. Secretary Blaine followed up this declaration in November last by prohibiting Chili from absorbing Peru into her dominions, whereupon the Chiliansgave a' direct' challenge to Hhe American Government by seizing the Peru vian President, Calderon, arid his brother officials,' thus leaving the rival Pierola, whoisunfavourabletotheChilian demands, in sole possession of the Presidency. More recently they have moderated their attitude of defiance, and intimated that they are willing to accept the mediation of the United States. Their demands are that Peru shall pay a war indemnity of $20,000,000, and cedo the terri tory of Tarapaca, tho Southern coast district of Peru. These, however, are not the terms to which the American Government is believed to be favourable. It was stated, in fact, some weeks ago that the United States intended to advance the indemnity on behalf of Peru, and to receive as security for re payment this very district of Tara paca -which the Chilians are coveting.. It is not difficult, therefore, to divine what are the 'disinterested' motive* which have prompted the United States Government to mediate between Chili and Peru, and to carefully warn off all other Powers from interfering in the affairs of South America. If Peru ia about to be dismembered, the great American Republic may as well have. its- share of the territory to be. disposed-, of.. Besides, the ports of Tarapaca, backed af they are by the silver-mining regions of Bolivia, and surrounded by extensive guano deposits, would afford a means of opening up trade with the western coasts of South America, and add immensely to the chances of the United States obtaining their coveted supremacy over the southern republics. If the Panama Canal should open up a short routs between tho eastern States of North America and the shores of Chili and Pern, the United States would no doubt make an effort to secure all tho commerce with those countries, and the possession of the Tarapaca district would be almost the only thing required towards securing this result. . But while deprecating the aggressive and somewhat arrogant attitude assumed by the United States in claiming the sole protectorate over Peru, it is impossible to deny that the infusion of a little life and energy into tho population of that sluggard country by contact with Americans would produceinitavastlydifferentstateofaffairs. The mineral resources of the country would be properly developed, the guano trade would no longer be hampered by tho restrictions wliich the Peruvian Govern ment has from time to time placed upon it, and the luxuriant tropical regions on the eastern side of tho Cordillera and on the Plateaux or 'Las Sierras,' as they are called, would be made to bring forth the abundance of useful products for which Nature intended them. The sterile tracts ia the west would be no barrier to a people who can construct railways so expeditiously as the Americans... Peru certainly requires developing, and if' it should by any means fall into the hands of the United States the Americans are the people to do the work. It is perhaps from a feeling that this is the case that the British Government, while directly resisting America's assumption of sole control over the Panama Canal, has said very little about its equally unwarranted assumption of authority in Soutii America. The Pboposed Irish Enquiry. — Tho House of Commons ia understood to b.j preparing a counter-move to the resolu tion of the House of Lords to appoint a Select Committee to enquire into tha working of the Irish Land Act, and that move depends, as usual, for its potency on the 'power of the purse' possessed by the Lower House. If the Committee be appointed the Commons can decline to defray the cost out of tho revenue, and then the Government could not, even if they wished to do so, allow money to be drawn from the Treasury for the pur pose. Such money would have to be * accounted for in a Supply Bill, and unles3 the Commons are ready to agreo to the item the Lords may find it of little U33 attempting the proposed enquiry. A Committee without witnesses would be a ? mere farce. It seems, therefore, that the Lords, unless they are willing to personally defray the expenses, or unless, as is pro bable, witnesses are prepared to attend without having their expenses paid, will - find themselves completely checkmated by the other House. The idea of tho appointment of a Select Committee merely to enquire into the effects of tlis Act . might at first sight' seem a very harmless proposal, although, by-the-wa3T, it must appear equally useless, seeing that the Act has only been in operation for about four months, the first sitting of the Land Court having been held on the 20th of October last, and the first decision having been given only a few weeks since. But it should be remembered that ihe effects of appointing a Com mittee to enquire into the working of this Act will bo very different from those which would result from a similar step in reference to an ordinary legislative measure. The chief effect of the enactment was to create a 'Court haying a supreme juris diction over a certain class of cases. The appointment of a 'Committee for the pur pose of virtually revising the decisions of this Court would be tantamount to abolish ing the Court altogether. The result would be to prevent the possibility of a settlement of the land ques tion in Ireland. No tenant would, feel secure that the decisions :of the Court' would be per manent if he saw that a Committee of the House of Lords was revising these decisions, and might succeed in up setting the whole tribunal which had granted him relief. The episode in the House of Lords shows distinctly a revival of confidence in the Opposition, and especially among the Peers. They aban doned their position of opposition to the Bill 'last year rather than face the exasperation which would be produced in the House, of Commons and in the country by the destruction of a/ whole session's work. But Lord Salis bury and his associates will assuredly find that their attempt to renew the fight iwill be of little service to their parly. While the Bill was unpassed they were ' masters of the situation, but when once they surrendered and allowed it to be come law they put it beyond their power to undo the work that had been done. The Weeck Regtstkr fob 1881.— Tho register of wrecks for the year 1881 ha3 ?arrived by hist mail, and an inspection of it shows at once how disastrous have been the storms which raged in the northern . waters in the latter months of that year. There weie no less than 2,039 shipwrecks, or an increase of 359 on the previous year ; 'and the total value of property lost (amounted to £280,000,000, or about £100,000,000 more than in 1880. British and colonial vessels alone lost as much !as £180,000,000 through wrecks, and in some instances the vessels lost were very large steamers with exceptionally valuable cargoes. The number of persons who iperished was 4,134, that being somewhat lover the average for the past five yeara, in which 19,634 fives have been Io3t. It is ;to be noticed, however, that as the latter ?figure represents ,the sacrifice of human slife occasioned by 8,865 wrecks the proportion of lives lost to the number of Blips wrecked has slightly diminished. It certainly seems almost appalling that such loss of life should take place through the dangers of the sea, but it should not be forgotten that though the number drowned may be increasing the proportion to the total number of passengers and crews is really diminishing. What seems equally strange is that property to the value of no less than three-quarters of a million should be destroyed at sea for every day throughout the year. On consulting the work entitled the ' Balance-sheet of the World,' it is found stated that the total earnings of shipping in 1879 are estimated at 140 millions sterling, so that if the figures for last year be not materially altered the startling result is brought out that the mercantile navy of the world has lost by wrecks somewhere near twice as much as it has earned. The total exports and imports entered at all the ports of the world are stated at £2,881,000,000 for 1880, and the loss by wrecks for last year is almost exactly 10 per cent, on this amount. The past year has evidently been a most exceptional one. The severe weather of the last week gave rise to no less than fifty-three wrecks, and property was destroyed to the value of £6,700,000, while 165 lives were reported as either lost or missing. It is evident that man's mastery over the elements is very far from being so complete as it is sometimes supposed to be, seeing that so many lives and so much merchandise are annually lost through storms. Cabeless Driving.— The accidentwhich occurred the other day at the corner of Waymouth- street illustrates the need there is for more attention being paid by the authorities to the manner in which the traffic in the streets is carried on. We say nothing now as to the degree of blame attaching to the driver of the vehicle at the time the accident occurred, because his case is still under consideration. But any one who is much about the streets of Adelaide must be struck with the number of instances in which the rule of the road is broken by the drivers of licensed and private vehi cles. The fact is that the width of our streets and our comparatively small traffic have tended to produce a habit of care lessness which is likely to become a fruit ful source of danger as the number of vehicles increases. A new cause of dif ficulty has unquestionably been intro duced by the tramlines laid down in several of the thoroughfares. In King William - street, for instance, they and the cab stands in the centre have the effect of dividing the street into two parts, and though each division gives ample room for con veyances coming in opposite directions to pass in safety, yet the available space is sometimes narrowed where new buildings are going up. Even then there is not the slightest excuse for an accident unless a horse bolts or becomes unmanageable. The real danger arises from the circum stance that the drivers do not always keep to their proper side if they see, or think they see, room enough to pass on the other side. In rounding the corners of some of the narrower streets this carelessness often leads to vehicles coming into dangerous proximity. The Corporation have regulations requiring horses to proceed at a walking pace in passing certain places. This provision is well enough in its way, but there ought to be some means by which the rule of the road can be more generally enforced. In this respect we are a long way behind both Melbourne and Sydney. Of course our traffic is much smaller, but as it will probably increase it is desirable that we should establish the correct practice now when it can be done with comparative ease. It would be of little use to issue elaborate by-laws and regulations on the subject ; ljut much good might be done if the Corporation officers and the police were instructed to give a amtiun to drivers who may be seen by them k- infringe the proper rule. The unfortunate habit of not keeping to the recognised custom among foot-passengers in such a thorough fare as Rumlle-street i3 often a cause of considerable annoyance ; but there the mischief ends. Careless driving is, however, a very different matter. The man who vacantly stares around him while he is sup posed'to be piloting a cart or other vehicle through the streets, who makes too sharp a turn round corners, and who is not careful to pass another vehicle on the proper side, is not only a nuisance but he maybe a source of great danger. Friendly warning may be tried in the first instance ; if that fails to accomplish the desired object, more rigorous measures will have to be resorted to afterwards. The Minister of Education.— The Minister of Education telegraphed to the Chief Secretary from Port Darwin on Feb ruary 22 as follows : — ' Arrived here all well yesterday. Weather very fine, and favourable for up-country trip. Roads are reported to be pretty good. Propose starting to-morrow, if possible. Good reception on landing. Visited nursery at Fanny Bay yesterday. Everything luxuriant. lhe place is very pretty. We are all agreeably surprised at scenery and general appearance. Nineteen horses are our convoy.' Water at Kaddta.— The Commissioner of Public Works informs us that he has reduced the price of water at Kadina and Wallaroo to 9a. per hogshead, and the still has been set agoing. He has also entered.into a corre s't-onuence with the proprietors' of the mine in order to ascertain the very lowest price at which they will supply water to the people, the charge at present being Is. 6d. per liogshead. Sets of boring apparatus are now at work at Peela Weela and Tickera respectively. The Outward Mail Steamer. — The R.M.S. Rosetta arrived at Albany from Ulenelg at 5 on Wednesday morning, and sailed for Galle at 10. Arrival of Immigrants. — The Nebo, with immigrants, arrived on Wednesday. The vessel is reported to be in excellent order, and there have been three births and no deaths since leaving England. The names, &c;, of the im migrants will be found in another column. Tire Drought. — We are informed that the waterat the Napperbvtown«hip is exhausted, and tliat supplies for domestic and other pur poses have to be carted from Port Pire, seven miles away. Mr. George Giffen.— Our representative cricket player left by the Victorian on Mon day last to join the intercolonial team. His name, however, was by some inadvertence omitted from the official passenger-list. Vaccination. — A large number of adults and children attended and were vaccinated l-y Mr. Graham Mitchell yesterday with lymph taken from a nine-months-old heifer at 11 o'clock a.m. Before disturbing the vesicles the animal was photographed by Mr. Freeman, of Rundle-street, the instantaneous process being used. Crimtsai, Sittings.— These sitings were continued on Wednesday. The following cases were disposed of :— George Raymond and Thomas Raymond, escaping from the Yatala Labour Prison, two years, the first to be passed in irons; Albert Lone, house breaking, eighteen months ; Joseph Hall, larceny;, twelve months ; James McDonnell, a lad, indecent assault, a week in gaol and two years at the Reformatory Hulk ; George Langley, aggravated assault, twelve months. David Harris was found guilty of stealing from the person, but sentence was deferred. Lewis Pennington was acquitted of a chanre of larceny. The Court adjourned at 6 o'clock till next day. Machixert for Temora. — Among the passengers by the Assam on February 2] were Messrs. BarnKeld, Solomon, & Wendtj who proceed to Melbourne to procure crush ing machinery for the S.A.Q.M. Company at Temora, of which mine they are Directors. It is understood that they will also arrange for the conveyance to and the erection of the mill upon the mine with a view of com mencing crushing at the earliest possible date. V.R. Forces, Yorketown, No. 2 Yorke's Fexixscla.— OnSaturday,thel8thFebruary, the prizes won by the members of the com pany at the recent contest on the 11th were presented by Dr. J. W. Flood, the Mayor. Captain Waddell, received a silver medal, first prize; Private Ford, of the Min laicu Company, second, silver medal ; and Lieutenant Heaney a silver medal r.r.d clasps. The misdals were made iy Mr. J. W. Davis, of Rundle-street, riiul were much admired, having the crossed i iiics on one side and an inscription on the ie verge, Private Buttfield was presented with a keyless watch as the fourth prize. In presenting the gifts the Mayor remarked that the company had acquitted them selves creditably, winning three out of four prizes offered for competition to all members of the force in the district, and that Captain Waddell had again proved himself not only a good officer but a good rifle shot, as on the day in question (the 11th) the weather had been anything but fine, there having been a very strong wind from the left and a glaring sun. The distances were 200, 500, and 800 yards, Wimbledon targets and scoring. Previous to the open match to all members of i the force, the Challenge Match was fired between the Yorketown and Minlaton Com panies : distances. 200, 400, and 600 yards ; seven shots at each range ; ten men a side. In this* the Yorketown Company proved victo rious with a score of 542, the Minlaton men makiDg 489. The return match will be fired at Minlaton at an early date. A dinner at the Melville Hotel closed the proceedings. The Rev. F. W. Bourne.— A banquet was given in the Town Hall on Wednesday evening, February 22, to the Rev. F. W. Bourne, a prominent Bible Christian minister who has lately arrived in the colony as a deputation from the Bible Christian Con ference, England. His Honor Chief Justice Way presided. There were about 200 guests present, including a large number of ladies. Several ministers of the Bible Christian and other religious denominations delivered speeches expressive of a cordial welcome to Mr. Bourne, and he was presented with a beautifully illuminated address handsomely bound in red morocco. Mr. Bourne will visit various parts of the colony, and then leave for New Zealand and America. The Crops in the South-east. — Reports of the wheat harvest of the district still con tinue satisfactory, and some very good yields are reported by the South-Eastcrn Star. At Gambier East, Mr. P. McArthur, sen's, crop turned out 38 bushels to the acre, and Mr. P. McArthur, jun.'s 35 bushels. In the Gam bier West District Mr. O'Connor stripped 18 bushels from one paddock, and 31 bushels from another ; while his neighbour, Mr. Ber haged,got 380 bushels off 22 acres; from a paddock of 17 acres Mr. W. Creek took 28 bushels to the acre. Selectors in the North.— Our corre spondent at Amyton writes : — ' We had not a ghost of a chance of seeing the Commis sioner of Crown Lands, as his visit here has been in every sense of the term a flying visit. So far as can be ascertained by the residents of this district, Mr. Catt made but one faint effort to obtain any information about this part. I have not seen one fanner of this hundred or district who had the honour of being interviewed by the Com missioner. Great complaints are being made as to the assertion made by Mr. Catt that the yield per acre in this hundred [averaged one bushel It is altogether inaccurate, as the yield did not average that much by a long way.' Presentation to Mr. Thomas Charlton. —On Wednesday evening about thirty em ploye's of the Glenelg Railway Company met at the Brecknock Arms to make a presen tation to Mr. Charlton, the Engineer of the Company, who is about to take his departure for England. After an excellent repast had had full justice done to it, the Chairman, Mr. C. B. Mitchell, made the presentation, which consisted of a handsome gold ring and a very beautifully illuminated and framed address on vellum, surrounding a portrait of the recipient, the work of Mr. A. J. Price, one of the employe's. The address was as follows: — ''Dear Sir — Having heard with deep regret of your intended departure for England) we, the employes of the Glenelg Railway Company, avail ourselves of the opportunity of presenting you with this ? address ana accompanying token of our respect and esteem. Most of us having been con nected with the Company under your superin tendence from its formation can testify to your uniform courtesy and consideration. We, therefore, wish that wherever your lot may be cast you may^ meet that for^ tune your abilities and kindness deserve ; also may your voyage be a pleasant and prosperous one. And, wishing you good-by, we one and all wish you godspeed. Signed by the committee— J. Cooke, J. K. Coombe, James Fox. W. Phillips, and J. Wellsby.' Mr. Mitchell said he was quite sure the ad dress was not merely a formal thing, like those sometimes got up, but he believed it was the heartfelt expression of every mau present. (Applause.) For his own part, he could say— and they must remember that Mr. Charlton and he were the oldest servants of the Company— it was with deep regret in deed that ne parted from Mr. Charlton. for the nine years they had worked together had been, to him at least, a period of unmixed pleasure, and he hoped, wherever Mr. Charl ion went, he would carry kindly remem brances of those he had left behind in South Australia. (Applause.) Mr. Charlton, in thanking them for their kindness, assured them that wherever he went, or however long he lived, he would never forget that night. He had been amongt most of them for many years, and he had always made it a rule — one he was taught in one of the best firms in the world— to treat a man as he ought to be treated — (applause; 'You have done it') — but at the same time to do justice to his employers. (Hear, hear.) He saw around him apprentices who had commenced and finished their servitude under him, and he could assure them there was not one of them he would be ashamed of. (Hear, hear.) He would, however, recommend all those apprentices not out of their apprenticeship to follow a system he had tried himself, of not making the whole of their business in the workshop, but working out of it as well. He had found that it was the best way in which a young man could spend his leisure hours, as although at first it was hard work, it soon became such a pleasure that they could not leave off. He again thanked them, and wished them the greatest success they could possibly have. (Applause.) Several songs and recitations were contributed by the company, and a pleasant sociable evening was spent. Norwood Rowing Club.— This Club con tinued their trial-four races on Wednesday evening, the first contest being between D. Bell and J. L. Sellars, the winners of the first and fifth heats respectively. The result was a most exciting race up to Long's Shed, when No. 2 in Sellars's boat seemed to collapse, and Bell's crew forged ahead, ultimately winning bv a boat's length notwithstanding the game efforts of their opponents. The next heat was one of the best of the series, being between J. Freeman and G. Wood. These crews appeared to be very equal, as neither could claim an advantage until the Morjihett street bridge was reached, when owing to slight errors ou the part of the coxswains a foul occurred, and it was decided to row the heat again this evening. A Word of Warning.— We have been asked to direct attention to the dangerous practice of throwing broken bottles on the seashore. Lately no less than three persons at the Semaphore have cut their feet— in one case severely— from having stepped on frag ments of glass which were lying about the seashore. Picnic parties and others should therefore be at least cautious if they cast away their ' dead men' not to do so in such a manner as will be likely to injure the living. Australian SheepHusbandrt.— We have received a book with the above title. The volume claims to be a handbook of the breeding and treatment of sheep and station management, and contains concise instruc tions lor dam and well sinking, fencing, &c.; The work, which is very creditably got up by Mr. George Robertson, Melbourne, is the jointproduction of Messrs. A. S. Armstrong and G. O. Campbell, who ingenuously state in their preface that in some matters which admit of a large variety of opinions they have, -while giving due regard to the opinions of others, advanced their own. No apology is offered for any little errors of form and construction, as the authors consider their work to be more of a practical than a literary character. As hinted in the title, the book discusses the varieties of sheep, with some useful remarks about inbreeding and cross breeding. Wool is next discussed ; thea the various diseases to which sheep are liable ; the varieties of grass and their suitability to the growers of wool is touched upon, as also are the matters of washing and shearing ; while woolsheds and drafting yards come in for a few pages of practical dissertation. 1 encing, dam and tank making, and ringbark lngare noticed in turn, and there is a chapter on wells which is very interesting, and which concludes with some practical hints for choosing lhe best position for artesian borings A large number of other matters are dealt with, ranging from the destruction of marsupials to felhnongery, from which it isa apparent that the book, while it clearly aims at being practically useful, is also eminently comprehensive. In treating of the inception and propagation of sheep tape worms, the writer, after observing that they develop into what is known as measles, goes on to say that 'we are supplied with the most unequivocal evidence that man becomes infected by the second form of tapeworm by eating imperfectly cooked meat,' a rather suggestive hint to lovers of -underdone mutton. In the chapter on dam and tank making there are several rules for determin ing the number of yards of earth to be excavated from a tank of any given dimen sions. We can only glance at an excellent chapter on station employes. The writer believes that the reason why so many squatters and managers cannot ' keep their hands,' although sometimes to be found in the discontented disposition of the man, is, in l-y far the greater number of cases, the natural outcome of the filthy hovels which are provided for him, and of the unnecessarily arrogact manner in which the employe is treated. We have said enough t° show that he work in question should prove interest ing and instructive to a very large class of readers, and we believe it will be found to possess both qualities by many who are entirely unconnected with the pursuits to which the book makes special referenca. Christian Chcrcii. Hixdmarsh. — The anniversary of this Church took place OU Sunday, iebruarv 19; when services were conducted by the Rev. T. Gore, M.A., morn ing ; afternoon, by Mr. H. Hussey ; and Rev. Jacob Abbot in the evenins. Announcement was made that on the following Tuesday afternoon the foundation-stone of the school building in_ connection with the Church would be laid. And at the time announced a large assemblage had congregated together. The building will consist of eleven class rooms, and hall 45 x 25 x 21, with two aisles, with a fountain _ and floral stand to each, and the estimated cost (furnisher!) about £800. Funds in hand nearly £203. Flags and bannerets, on which was 'Christ, our foundation,' were displayed, and the singing by the Sunday-school scholars gave a lively air to the proceedings. Mrs. Thomas Lees had been requested to lay the stone, and on proceeding to do so was presented by Mr. Vauser (representing the Building Committee) with a handsome silver trowel, on which was the following inscription :—' Presented to Mrs. T. Lees on laying the foundation-stone of Hindmarsh Christian School, February 21, 1882.' After the stone had been laid by Mrs. Lees, addresses were delivered by Messrs. H. D. Smith (paster Robert- street) and Thomas Lees. The latter observed that it was the duty of Christian Churches of all denominations to have regard to the spiritual welfare of the young. Underneath the stone a bottle was placed, which contained full particulars. The Committee consisted of Messrs. Wm. Green (Treasurer), J. Vauser, Edmund Giffen, *D. B. Cooke, and Dea conesses Lees and Edwards, and Thomas Adcock (Secretary). Fourteen tenders for the work were received, that of Mr. C. B. Crossman's being accepted. The annual tea meeting then took place in the Corporation Schoolroom, after which a public meeting, presided over by Dr. Verco, took place in the Jhurch building, when the pastor (Mr. Lees) presented the annual report, which showed a email increase of members over last year. Addresses were delivered dv the Chairman, and Messrs. H. D. Smith, H. Hussey, and James Manning. The atten dance at all the services was exceedingly Rood, considering the extreme heat of the weather that was experienced, especially on Tuesday. Accident. — David Lyons, a baker, twenty five years of age, was admitted into the Hospital on Wednesday suffering from a severely injured right hand. Mr. Lyons, while following his usual occupation, had his hand caught in some machinery when the accident occurred. He was removed to the Hospital, and upon examination it was found necessary to amputate the hand. A Memorable Year. — The year that has just closed (says a London paper) has been a year of big things. A correspondent of a weekly paper thinks it will be memorable as the year of the biggest English census, the biggest volunteer review, of the hottest day and of the coldest day ever scientifically recorded in England, of the greatest number of comets, of the highest iump, the quickest qviarter-mile run, and the largest score at cricket ever made by one batsman in a single innings; and, finally, of the quickest sea passage ever made between England and North America, and between England and Australia. Sudden Death. — The City Coroner made enquiries at Brompton Park on Wednesday afternoon into the cause of death of Patrick Heagerty, a single man, aged 31, who died at his brother's residence that morning whilst in the acl; of dressing himself. From state ments of his relations it seems that he came to this colony for the benefit of his health, and had consulted various medical men. but not of late. Dr. Rees was called in on Wed nesday, but found on arrival that Heagerty had breathed his last. As he had never seen the man before he could not give a certificate as to the cause of death. It being evident that haemorrhage from the lungs, the result of phthisis, was the cause of death, an inquest was not considered necessary. The Late Fire in Rundle-street.— The City Coroner (Mr. Thomas Ward, J.P.) held an inquest at the Star of the East Hotel on Wednesday morning, on the fire which occurred in a store at the rear of Mr. Thomas Wilcox's premises, Rundle-street, early on the morning of Tuesday, February 21\. Mr. M. Wells was chosen foreman of the Jury. Mr. M. Kingsborough watched the proceedings on behalf of the Trans- atlantic Fire Insurance Company. Mr. Wilcox stated that he left his shop at 6.30 on the evening of February 20, leaving a cook on the premises. Everything was appa- rently safe at that time. The first notifica- tion he had of the fire was on Tuesday morning, when he was informed by one of his neighbours. The store where the fire occurred was used for keeping surplus drapery fittings. He understood that he was insured in the Transatlantic Fire Insurance Company, but he had been told by Mr. Kingsborough that the store was not covered by the insurance policy. He estimated his total loss at £130. The other evidence taken was to the effect that the fire was first discovered by Police Constable Northey at 3.15 a.m. on Tuesday morning. On his reaching the scene he found that the flames were then confined to the north-west corner. After assuring him- self, that no one was about the premises he went and obtained a fire reel, which, with the assistance of Messrs. Hagerty and Wit- combe, subdued the flames. Mr. A. J. Baker, Superintendent of Fire Brigades, was present, but on his arrival the fire had been got under. He had had the debris examined, but found nothing to reveal the origin of the fire. During the enquiry evidence was given that the store in which the fire started, and which contained £90 worth of property, had been left open for several weeks at night, in consequence of the door requiring some little repairs. The store was situated in a right- of-way and open to any person who might choose to walk that way. The Coroner in summing up drew the special attention of the Jury to the point that in all probability the fire would not have happened had Mr. Wilcox done his duty in seeing that the store was locked up at night. The Jury returned a verdict that there was no evidence to show how the fire origi- nated, and added as a rider that great credit was due to Police-Constable Northey and Messrs. Hagerty and Witcombe for their energetic action in the matter. The Theatre Royal.— There was a good house at the opera again on Wednesday night, when ' Olivette' was received with as much favour as heretofore. Unfortunately for the full success of the evening's perfor mance, Mr. Brennir was suffering from a relaxed throat, and was quite unable to give effect to the music of his part, the serenade in the first act being omitted altogether. The other principals, however, were in good voice, and all were called before the curtain at the end of the second act. £t. George's Singing and Entertain ment Association.— The fourth concert of this Association was given on Tuesday mght, in St. George's Hall, Gawler, before a crowded audience. The singing of Misses Warren, Wright, and Bown was very good. ' The Old Organ-grinder,' a juvenile play, was excellently acted, Master E. Hartley, as Mr. Hains, the father, being especially worthy of mention. The acting of Misses L. Smith and Monaghan, who took tha charac ters of Mrs. Ross and Tressie respectively, ?was exceedingly good. The trial scene from 'Pickwick' concluded the entertainment, the various parts, especially that of Nathaniel Winkle by-Mr. Wells, being capitally carried out. Americas Circus. — There was another full attendnuce at this place of amusement on Wednesday evening. Farmers' Belief Fund.— Cotton & Opic, £25. Jones Fund.-M. E. F. P., £1 ; George, £2 2s. ; Captain Roach, 10s. ; J. C.,£5 6s. ; Matters & Co., £3 Ss. ; W. M., £1 Is. ; F. W. Iindow, £1. 