'T'IJESDAY, SEML,.'!prte -fr;, 188s. SYDNEY, FanlAY MoIoSl txa. T?tia Premnior wai in his phice last night, and was received with loud cheeors from heot sides .rf the HIouse. lie announced the intention of shie Covermnent to press 'foward all the mea snres promnised in the opening spooch. The Land ]Bill would conom on in a fortnight, and .lle Local (GovernIuent Bill in tilme to pass the liouse during the present session. Mr. Lac key, for privateru reolns, was desirous of tre tiring from the Ministry, but owivg io diflicul ties which might arise in rýeference to tpo Oar dlen Palace and the condlition .j -the Premier's health, he had agreed to hold ollico till the Ministry went out togethor, whenottoer that might halppen) . lie furthler said that for a w\oo? .or ten day.s io would refrain from any lengthy iittn:ulndice on his parliamentary dtllies. 'In the Assoeusbly the conmnittee procoelded with the Crimiunl Law Bill to clauso 420. III was int.imiated that the elect oi.nais of Bal main, "lourke, Uanterbuhi'y, lledforn, and St. Lfco?nards, wore entitled to an additional mom ber, for which provision would be made at the alext general election. 'hle Comnutittoe reported, that Mrt. Purves, lnoilaber for the Clarenco, had since his return 10tul a: contract onllieccounu of the public servico, tint had neither directly nor indirectly derived umnoluuteut thorefron ; that lih entered into lle contract inadvertontly and withdrew fronl it before any profit could accrue. 'I'ho Speaker macid lno action would be taken in the matter except upon a mlotionl of the House. The table of reduced goods, live stock, and p:useOllger railway rates has been issued. It shiows very material reductions in all depart Ittents. The new t:tl comes into force on 4th Jctobher. Sir W\illhm Mllanninig hs ldeclinedl to grant ,applicatioin for motion for a new trial ill the will suit of Irown and MeEllihone, butt would appoint a day to hear arguments on question of costs. 'lThe Jllotebushl fat stock market is somewhat firmer. Best beef 27s [id per owt. Owing to a large supply, sheep have suffered a further decline of is to Is [id. Primeo heep ill wool are qnoted at 12s to 13s. (iGUNDAROO, Tttrwoe v. Tiut conlcert ?luore was a grlndll success, the house was crowtodl. 'r[le pirogra;nito included cuian adltelos by Dr. 1]cales, sixteoin songs, two recitations, two readings, an tlp spoeeclh, and three instrtuontnl tritm. A local ghost sight enacted as a farcowasinterruptcdby those who allege that they saw the real ghost originally. LONDON, SmEPr. 28, SRAtl.r.roxm 'now spreading so warningly at Cape Town, has reached i hli prucincts of G(overmneunt SirEvolyn Wood is sulferilng fron dyseotory, the result of exposure to thesun during the Egyptian calmlpign. Ten thousand men will comprise the army of occultation in Egypt. Three battalions t'o-omnbark for India. ''lhe Egyptian rebels will be tried at Aloxan dria. Bake.r lPasha has started for gy,'pt without waiting for' the Sultan's consental to quit the. Turkish service. 