ORIGINAL CORRESPONDENCE. 1 A SCIENTIFIC THEORY OF GHOSTS. to the sailor at the Maitland Mercury.) SIR, Noticing in your issue of 29th inst. an article headed, "The Truth about Ghosts," by J. N. Maskelyne, perhaps the following, based on careful research and patient personal investigation, may be of interest and consolation to some of your readers. The preponderating evidence, including Biblical testimony, that ghosts have been seen and recognised, is too extensive to be ignored. That being admitted, what is the natural cause producing such phenomena f Is it governed by law ? Be jecting the many ingenious and absurd theories as to the supernatural, mental, and optical delusions, impaired nerves, etc, it is a well-known and generally admitted fact that we unaccountably like or dislike certain people we come in contact with, at first sight, oftentimes without exchanging a single word. Domestic animals frequently exhibit the same peculiarity. Why is this? It is simply the degree of purity, as controlled by the law of attraction and repulsion, negative or positive of animal magnetism, or more correctly the spiritual or magnetic aura. Everything in nature animal, vegetable, and mineral evolves a power which, in the absence of a better term we call magnetism, totally distinct from electro-magnetism. This can be proved either by the electroscope (awfully described by Dr. Butter), or by clairvoyants and sensitive, existing everywhere, though imperfectly developed. A clairvoyant looking at a man would see him surrounded by a peculiar cloudy light, emanating from his body, varying in size and color, according to his nature and moral purity. If by any chance this man should suddenly die during this inspection, the clairvoyant would still see the magnetic conscious individual or ghost, being an exact counterpart of the physical form, free from its defects, probably clothed in his usual dress, standing over its corpse, partly connected, and which would not entirely separate from the flesh till after an hour or so. This is no idle theory or random speculation, but a fact well known to, and corroborated by, thousands who have investigated the subject, and tested the power of clairvoyance in different parts of the world. Now, how can this ghost be seen by non clairvoyants The answer is simply by developing the spiritual nature, by living pure, being temperate in all things, and by fasting and prayer. How often do we hear of loving wives and mothers asserting they have seen the ghost or spirit of their deceased husband or child, or felt their unseen influence P How often do we hear those approaching dissolution say they have beautiful visions of the " beyond," or recognise some loving friend " gone before ?" or provisions resulting from sympathetic, mental, or abnormal state, &c.; In most of these cases, and during sickness in family, we know the animal nature or physical body, from absence of regular food and sleep, is neglected through anxiety, grief, and fear of losing the loved one. This very neglect subdues the physical and promotes the spiritual nature, exhibiting itself in excessive love, sympathy, and affection, until the crisis arrives, often continuing for month following. The spiritual nature being thus quickened, slight but favorable conditions such as passivity and calmness, produced by rest, meditation, or in some mild cases of excitement, are all that is needed to enable the ghost or spirit to be seen ; or if by any chance one or more friends should be present or near who give off a strong but suitable magnetic aura, the ghost who is generally present being attracted by love would be partly materialised and visible to all present, assuming-for the time being only-the features, clothing, and characteristics of earth life. Certain other persons present giving off different aura would enable the spirit to manifest or produce other and various phenomena, sensible or absurd, including knocks, telegraph signals, giving intelligent and pro- phetic communications, floating electric lights, and many other phases according to conditions, and which phenomena we must submit to the test of reason before deciding its value. All men are not perfect, nor are spirits, but will become so in due time, as God is the Father of all, so does he love all-just as often as similar conditions are supplied, so will similar phenomena be produced ; the better the conditions the better the phenomena ; the purse the magnetism supplied by good health and harmony of investigators, the better the class of spirits attracted. Like attracts like all the world over, no matter creed or country. Thus it is seen by a careful study of other laws of nature, and supplying proper conditions, we can and do enable the ghosts or spirits of our dear so-called departed to visit us again and again, to satisfy UB there is no death-that change being simply the liberation of the magnetic or spiritual body with the divine intelligence soul, continuing its immortal career under better conditions gradually acquiring knowledge and experience, progressing and rising higher and higher to realms of bliss and glory. It must be clearly understood we cannot call or demand the presence of any spirit we wish. Those only can manifest who are attracted by love temperament or magnetic conditions supplied by mortals on earth. If at any time injury has resulted from these ghostly visits it has been through fear and ignorance. Truly ignorance makes cowards of us all, until the power of knowledge clears the foe of Superstition. ALEX. TUCKER. 143, Pitt-st., Redfern, 30th Dec, 1881. A Leeds manufacturer named James Henry Robinson, has been fined £20, and ordered to pay £2 a week to his wife, under a operation order, for brutally assaulting her. It was stated that the defendant was worth £10,000. The Electrician understands that the main object of the visit of the Government Commission on Mines to the Electrical Exhibition in Paris has been to ascertain how far the electric light may be used with safety in fiery mines. 