luterestiug Items* [From Loxdox Papers. &c.l; John* Bright insists that Americans arc English, and should be called Englishmen. The latest American railroad invention is t.lift Tiftfianville railwav. which can be laid with rapidity for ±.2000 a mile, and taken up agaiu'at a small expense. Ax exchange says : — ' The bicycle is a great thing to put flesh on a man's legs.' It is also a great thing to take flesh off a man's nose aud other portions of bis face. A Russian Princess at rrouville has been attracting a good deal of notice on account of a dress she wears, embroidered all over with crabs, prawns, &c.; Another foreign Princess has just started a rival costume of red and blue check of majestic proportions, which has large anchors embroidered in blue in all the red squares. Pet Dogs are of some use to society. There are lSG9^work people, male and female, who subsist in Paris by making personal decorations aud habiliments for them, or otherwise paying attention to the canine race. Tiie trade done by them is estimate 1 at a total of £250,000 annually. It's funny, but a soft-palmed womeu can pass a hot plate on to her nearest neighbour at the table witli a smile as sweet as honey ; while a man with a hand as horny as a crocodile's back will drop it to the floor and hollow like a madman. A woman iu California confessed to her husband on her dying bed that siic loved another, and was'forgiveu. She ultimately recovered, and he is now sueing for a divorce. She pleads that lie condoned the offence, and he answers that it was only on condition of her dying, and she broke off the contract. *' A society of Psychical Research' iu London, composed of eminent men, has a committee investigating ghost stories. Iu one haunted house they stretched silken threads across a corridor, but when tluy had seen the ghost pass along the corridor the threads were not brokeu ! That is — a Liverpool paper says so. Tite Circassian Cavalry are almost incred ibly expert. On a recent occasion when the Suitan reviewed them, a company dashed to the front and suddenly stopped. Ivieh man seized the bridle close to the bit, threw his horse flat on its left side — dismounting at the same time — fired a volley, aud was up and off again. At Birmingham the telephone has been put to a carious nse. A wire connects the Borough Hospital with the offices of the Health Department, which are three miles away. Friends of patients make daily inquiry as to their progress, communicating with them, in some cases, direct. The spread of infection is thus reduced to a minimum. ' What harm has the lad done you V asked an old gentleman, roughly collaring a boy M'ho was warming the jacket of another urchin -with a strap. ' He ain't done me no harcn 2' 'Cause his father and mother uever licks him, and Fin doing it for charity,' answered the boy. The senior wrangler at Cambridge this year is the son of a Noucomformist, aud the dissenters of Great Britian arc pointing with pride to the fact that in 22 j'eai-s the chief honour of the old University has fallen to them 15 times. The telephone refuses to work in the deep minus on the Comstoek, Nevada. The mag nets rust in a few hours, so tliat nothing goes through. Some were tried in the Sutro. Tunnel, inclosed iu air- tight boxes but they failed to operate. Was Bunyan' a gipsy or a Scotchman? The important question forms tiie subject of discussion in the colums of the Tinies. He is assumed to be a gipsy because be^was a tinker, aud claimed as a Scotchman because he spelt Buuyan in the same way as ** the Roxburghshire masons of that name.' Many hold that the Dreamer was of Spanish descent, and uow comes a correspondent. 'Carmarthen,' who maintains from his name that he must have been Welsh. ' Buuyan, Rouyon, Benyou, Ap Euyou. Is it not clear 2' It K said, at the Clubs, that the authori ties of Horse Guards are desigiug a new campaigning uniform for the Arnvy. There are many objections to any alteration in the present dress. The opponents of the exist ing style of uniform state that it is iu an unserviceable colour for cainpaicnuig, aud that it renders its wearers too conspicious. With regard to the first statement, it is a (veil known fact that a red tunic withstands more wear and tear than auy other- garment. Secondly, as troops are engaged at immense distances, and the line of battle is of great extent, it matters little of what coloured doth the uniform is made. Tlteu^ again, is it must necessarily follow that a portion )f our troops will appear iu parts of the field H'here they arc leas e expected, it is obvious that there should be a marked distinction between them and the enemy. The military theorist aud the civilian Army reformers ivho are in power would be wise to leave well alone. The experiment lias been tried before and— failed. But tUe War Oifice authorities have won a triumph over routine in the regulations for the clothing and equipment of the forces. All distinction between the dress of officers, and ruen is to i-e minimised, no badges of rank being shown 3n the collars of the serge tunics, so that officers will be no longer be a convenient mark for the enemy's riflemen. All belts, too, are to be washed with some neutral colour, instead of the traditional pipe-clay. A case has just come before the Civil Tri bunal of the Seine which ought to serve as- a warning to those whose anxiety to obtain domestic bliss compels them, to have recourse to matrimonial agencies. A certain M. rourseiller, a retired merchant of very, ?' uncertain age ' but who declared that he felt as young as ever, put an advertisement in one of those papers which are published solely in the iuterst of Hymen* whprem he invited some demoiselle, or widow without jncumberauces, to become his wife, her lowery being a secondary consideration if lier person pleased. A youug lady forty pears of age replied aud sent luer photograph.. She was fortunate in finding favour; and 3oon became Madame Tourseiller. The couple had scarcely married wlien the neighbourhood in which they lived became scandalized by their matins and nocturnes. Madame turned out to have many badha-bits, imong others that of throwing lamp-globes, clocks, aud other handy bits of furniture at her husband's head. One day she broke 9pen the desk in which he kept his money, Mid taking all that she found there,, installed herself iu separate lodgings. Both applied for a judicial separation, which the court bas granted, and Madame Tourseiller, who had only dressmaking to depend upon for her living up to the time of her marriage, will now enjoy an income of £225 for the rest cf her life. Few teople arc aware tliat the ' tailings,1* as they are termed, of the quartz crushings in gold-inining are likely to become of com mercial value, but such would seem, to- be a fact. Three or four years ago a gentleman connected with some large pottery works at home was on a visit to the West Coast, asd, amongst other places, inspected ths Wealth of Nations Mine at Recftcn. Noticiag the quartz which after it had been crushed so as to i-ass through a fine sieve of 300 perfora tions to the inch, was washed away, lie asked for the loan of a crucible, pat some of the crushed quartz into it, adding some chemicals as a flux, and after rneltyig k iik the furnace, turned it out on to as iron plate. When cold it was a pure china, something Df the colour of ground glass. ' You have \ splendid clay for the best china here in this crushed quartz.' was his remark, and subsequent experiments have prioved* the truth of his assertion. Another use has also been found for it. For the last six weeks Mr. Ulrich has been trying it, mixed with, certain alkalies, as a glaze for the pottery. For the ordinary ware it answers admirably,, but probably some fault in tbe mixture, which he has not yet been able to decide, cause the glaze to crack when subjected to. the heat necessary. Iu tiie Dresden wosks the glazing is the only process which is pre served an inviolate secret, every other, portion of the works being freely opeato-tbe inspection of any visitor. 