HUSBAND AND WIFE: OB The Hanrtond the Hear*. CHATTER XX-t—fCotirarcnsti) 'I asked yon where V 'She's ober to &Ttthnjo;',1ongOb 3ftiB?ees Jab Jordan an* de Hiss ffiileBes. She been dere & week to-day. Be ladies come o* las* Monday mOrnin' an' spent de dagr long ob her, an* seein' how lonesome an* low de young madam wag, dey suaciea od *ier no go juoiuo long \\- ueui w a week, an* we dem coloured people was powerful glad to hab de madam go 'way an* 'joy herse'f wid de oder young ladies, 'cause she had been awful lonesome yere by her lone ee'f .* , During this explanation Tudor Hereward had time torecover hnmise1f- and at its dose ho put a leading question* ' What 1 Has your mistress been so very lone some ? Has no one dome to eee her ?' 'Hi, Marse Tudor 1 How anybody gwine to get to de house frough all dat big snow storm and de blocked up yoads r1 ftobody could come, nor likewise go, fo* mo* dan & week. Soon's ebber dey could come Msfess Jab Jordon an' de young ladies Come firs'; w*ich liol' yer, an' toted off de young madam. An' den de neighbours come fas1 enough, but de young madam she wa'nt yere to 'ceive 'em.* ^Oh! who were they?* 'Dere was Doctor Kerr an' his famberley, an' Parson Cave an' his famberley, an' dere waa — * ' That will do-' interrupted the master. ' Well, sah, mos* all de neighbours come f o* de week was out, but ob course dey didn't see de young ma.riq.nij w'ich was at Eushmo*/ concluded Steve, not to be cut short in his narrative. ' And no one came daring the bad weather ?' ' No, sah, no one ; dat is, no neighbours, sah ! Kb one ob no *6ount. No one worf mentionin'. Dere was a young man come de ebenin' arter yer lef , sah ! But he doatt count for nuffin', 'caze he war ja stranger an' a trabeller, druv in by de stormy w'ich neider man not beast could a libbed if dey stayed out in it, yer know, sah ! So no fanks to him fo' comin\ 'Twa'n'tfo' any lub ob us he come, but 'case he was 'polled by the storm.* 'Who was he ? What was his name P* ' Well, marster, 'pears he was one ob dem player-acterin' people wot were yere at de C'ris mas holidays, an* his name were Answer-long, w'ich were a funny name.' 'How long did he stay ** ' Till Saturday morning w'ich was de firs' day comp'ny neider, -caze he fretted an' fumed to get away all de time he was here, an' was off de werry f us* minute he Could go.' 'It must have been very annoying fo your mistress.' 'Gnawta'P Jlfliebeyer, sah. Inebber— no, in all de dayB ob nry libe- I nebber eee young mistress so worrited ! 'Deed we was all glad w*en he goed, an' I b'liebe he was as glad as we was. 'Twan't his fau't as he eet down on top ob us fo* to long. 'Twan't nobody's but dfe storm's !* * Ah P said Tudor Hereward, with a- feeling- of relief, for which ha was also ashamed — (that he should have entertained the slightest doubt of her, to be relieved of J) * When is your mistress expected home P' he inquired. Well, ef ehe conies 'Cording to 'rangemenfr, she would come to-day* an' so I kindled dis fire, expecting ob her, an' it's well 1 did, to give you a warm weloome sah V ' But etiU it is not certain that she will be here to-day f * Oh- hoi't no, sah [ Fo* dat matter, I reckon as we might 'spect her w*en we see her, as de ole sayin' says. Dat is, w*en doze ladies will 'low her tb cotae- sah, w'ich I reckon dey will like to keep her 'long as ebber dey can. But, I/or* i if de young madam s'picioned as yer was yere, wouldn't ehe come a flyin' home f ' Have you had your breakfast, Steve ?' * Oh, yes, sah — houra ago. An* I reckon I had better go and see about youra, sah ?' * You may tell the cook to eend me in a Cup of coffee as soon as she can make it, and then you mutt put the bay horses to the close carriage t6 go after your mistress and bring her home.' ' Yes, marster I An' moughly proud I'll be to do it I I know de young madam will be powerful glad to hear yer've come i' said the man, as he left the room, to take his message. Tudor Hereward threw his cap and gloves into a corner of the room, drew off his ulster and tossed it after them, and then sat. down at the centre table, Opened a little desk that contained pen- ink and paper, and began to write a letter to his wife, to be taken by Steve whon he ehould drive to Eushmore. He had finished and sealed his letter when Nancy came into the room bearing a waiter with coffee, dry toast, poached eggs and venison steak ?—the last viand on a chafing-dish. 'Good morning, Marster Tudor. Welcome home, young marse,' she eaid, cordially and re spectfully, as she Set the waiter down on the table before him. 'Thank you,. Nancy ! I am glad to see you looking oo well j You have brought me break fast ! I only ordered a cup of coffee.' ' I know it, yonng marster ! But all de same, I hopes yer'll eat dis good breakfas' ! Yer don't look so well yourse'f, young marster, I Is sorry to say. Beckon it's dem j-'ison trash dey gib yer to eat at de hotels. Doan tell me nuffin 'bout dem hotel vittels t I seen *nough Ob 'em w*en I was trabeDin' 'long Ob de ole marse an' you, w'en yer was little. Come, young marse, try to eat a little ob dis good, cle&ti;, wholesome food/ 'Why, Nancy, the very flavour Of this would kindle an ' appetite under the ribs of deathj' as somebody says. I Bhall do justice to your break fast, Nancy/ said Mr. Herewaxd. And so he did, while Che woman stood and waited on him. Whc-Ti ?? had finished, and ehe was about to take away the service* he said : * Send some one out from the house to the stables to hurry Steve. He has had more than sufficient time to put the horses to the Carriage and return here before this !' 'Steve! W'y, my dear -young marster, Steve Haiti gone uil, jiuo iuub, iaj .njuiuuuuro to xeixzn clo young misfess home 1 He didn't lose no time, marsteT. t nebber knowed him so quick !' * Gone, has he P* exclaimed thd young man in surprise. 'Yes, sah. He tell me in de kjtehen, Ven he brougafeword'bout de breakras'jhowyet ordered him to take de carriage an' go arter de young madam. An* he fiung hissa'f onfn. de kitchen an' make sleh-aste dot he AtuV away fo* I fetch debreakfas* in. t saw bim start, frough de Jdtchen windpw/ 'Gone! Well, it does not matter 60 much. Only I had a note to send by hitn. Yob inay take the' service away, Nancy.' . Thfe woman obeyed, and H,ereward was once more alone. Se took the letter that he had written and threw it into the fire. 'It is just as well,' he said, as he watched it burn to ashes — 'just as well. In two hours I shall meet her. And then, what will she have to ,Bfty of her weather-bound visitor, I wonder!1 CHAPTEB XXI. HUBBlXTD ASD WTFE. In such a world, go thorny, and where none Finds happiness unmixed, or if ever found 'Without some' thistly sorrow at its side, It seems the pai-t of wisdom —and no sin Against the law of love— to measure lots With those less favoured than ourselves; 'We may with patieitee bear car lesser ills, And sympathise with others. Buffering- more. ViOWFEB. Tudor Hereward stood on the front porch of 'his country house, in the zoild, bright sunshine of the winter noonday, waiting for the return of of his young wife. The Artlefi» revelations of the servants concern ing the storm gnest had eet; his mind at rest, so f&rasIiilith;'B fidelity and prudence were con cerned. He understood ail about the visitor now, or—be &omrhihe; did. And bo long as (Slfth had €hfe friendship, esteem, find «onfi denes df taA. people -s th* rector** andtha doctor** famUieCi attd of Rn. Jordan and her daughters, Che foolish or malicious' Sftttstp of ignorant viBagets wa» of no account whatever— iot worth noticing; certainly ftofe.worfli pun ishing. ? ? ? .'?-?-? .??-.. . ?. . - ::„. - ? ? Time and reflection had calmed «H Wa dis qnietude,. and he stood waitine for his young wife'6 return, without a sign of:that mental and bodily v«arinaas Mid iliaeaB whidh, on hia firet arrival, had alarmed hie servants. He was no longer ' white as a eheet;* ag they had described him. He was hot rare whether he should even ask Lilith about her visitor. Ho would wait bo see ?whether she herself would mention hittu It was high noon when at length the carriage^ bringing Ialith home, turned into the avenue leading up to the house. Tudor Hereward stepped down from the porch to receive her. As soon as the carriage drew up before the house, it was Lilith's own eager hand that opened the door before any one could do it for her, and she sprang out, her lovely young face beaming with each delight that, what ever else Hereward might doubt, he could not doubt her intense pleasure at seeing him again. Yet his reception of her was rather playful than' affectionate. 'Well, my little lady lovekf he said, as he took her in his arms and kissed her, 'have I taken you very much by surprise ?' ' Oh, yes, Tudor ! But it is such a happy sur prise. How I wish I had been home when you arrived ! I am so glad you sent for me at once !* she eaid, as they went up into the house to gether. 'You are looking well, dear/ he said, when she had laid off her bonnet and dolman and was seated with him near the parlour fire. ' I am well. Every one has been so very good tome. But you, Tudor ! How are you? Steve frightened me about you until I saw you! But you are not indisposed? You do not look so !' ' I am not so in the least ! I have never been better.' ' I am so glad ; but, indeed, I thought you looked in excellent health when I first caught sight of you !' said Lilith, who was busy drawing off her gloves. 'What did Steve say to alarm you, my dear ?» * Oh, that you were 'as pale as a ghost,' or something to that effect ! Indeed, that you looked so ghostly that Alick, at sight of you, turned and fled.' ' That is true ; but Alick has a softening of the brain, I fancy. As for my looks — well, I travelled all night, and had not a very pleasant journey. But a bath and a good breakfast at horn* has restored me. That is enough about myself, dear. Now about you ?' * Ohi I am always well.' 'Yes, I know. But how have you borne the solitude of this place ? It has been very lonely for you.' 'Yes/ said Lilith, hesitating and changing colour ; 'but — at first — I mean it was very lonely at first.' He was watching her, and he saw her con fusion. * At first you were very lonely. And after wards. Lilith ?' 'Mrs. Jordon came with her daughters and spent the day, and took me away to stay a week with them. Was I wrong to go away for a week, Tudor?' ' No, dear ; why should you think so ?' ' I don't know. Mrs. Jordon said it was right that I should go; and I knew the house could be safely left in charge of Nancy, as it has been left on many occasions.* 'Of course.' 'And everybody has been so good to me, Tudor. Dr. Kerr and Mrs. Kerr, and Mr. Cave and the Misses Cave have called — though it was while I was at Bushmore — and when we met them all at the church yesterdny they all invited me to come and stay a week at their houses % and indeed there was O^uite an emulation between them as to who should have me first. It was so very, very good in them !' exclaimed Lilith; warmly. ' It was kind and neighbourly,' said Mr. Here ward. But he noticed that she had not alluded to the visit of the stranger who had stayed a week at the house. Was it, he asked himself, that she considered the visitor too insignificant to be thought of or spoken of, or was she afraid to speak of bin} ? Tudor Hereward could not an Bwer his own question. He resolved to wait and watch. He was again disturbed, and again ashamed of his disturbance. * Are you really eo glad to see me, Lilith,' ho inquired. ' Glad ? Oh,* she said, looking up at him with a face so radiant with truth and joy that he could not doubt her. (' Yet I wonder why she does not speak of that Btrange visitor, and why she hesitated and fal tered when first I asked, if she had been very lonely/ he thought to himself.) ' Well, my dear, since you are so glad to see me, will you be glad to go back with me to Washington? For you understand, of coursej that this is but a flying visit home. Will you return with me to the city f ' Her face of rapture was a picture to see. ' Eeturn with you ? Oh ! yes, indeed, if you ?will have me/ she said, with delight in every tone of her voice. ' She is a perfect child/ he thought, as hie doubts vanished. ' Very well, little lady-love. But I am afraid you will find lifevery dull there with me — very different from the gay lives of other ladies who accompany their husbands to tho national Capital.' * Oh, no, no, Tudor. You know we could not be gay ; but I should never think life dull with you,* she answered* warmly. * But, my dear, I am away every day, all day long, and often hate at night, at the Capitol — either in my seat in the Hall of Representatives or serving on some committee, or — * 'But I should see you every night, Tudor, even if it should be late ; and that would be happiness compared to this recent separation.' ' Yes, love, you would 6ee me at night — bend- ing over my writing-desk, where the dawn has often found me.' ' Oh, Tudor ! Do you really have to work so hard ?' ' For the present, dear, yes.' 'Do all members of Congress have to work so hard ?* ' The very hardest work that many of them do is to cast their votes and draw their pay. My child, in the world outside the many work that the few may be idle* but in Congress, and some other public places, the few work hard and the many play.' i But with you, in public life, it is the workers that succeed, and reach the highest positions; Tudor.* 4 Yes, dear ; if they live long enough.' * But about this work, Tudor— your own work I mean* What Is it besides making speeches, and canvassing and voting ?' 4 Welli it is hunting up, examining, and Com paring authorities on various subjects that come up before Congress, and making extracts* some times translating them ; or it is reading and an swering bushels of letters, Or it is reading foreign and domestic journals, or— in fine, my dear, the catalogue would weary and perplex you even to listen to.' ' Oh, no, it would not, Tudor. I am neither so indolent nor so stupid as all that would indicate. Besides I could help you in your work—indeed I could.' ' You help me ! Ha, ha, ha !' He did not mean to offend her, but his sincere and hearty laughter at her offer of help was offensive, and must have deeply wounded the self-love of any woman with any self-love toi wound. Lilith s meekness was her shield. ] ' You axe laughing at me/ ' she said, with per fect good humour ; ' but indeed I could help you. I could lighten your labours very much. 'What could you do, my little lady-love P he inquired, laying his hand patronisingly on her small, black, curly-haired head. * What could you do V ' All that a private secretary could do for you ?' Hereward started slightly, and looked wistfully into her face. 'Hare you any idea of the duties of a private seosetery,LiUthr 'Mora than any young person could have who enters upon thos« dutle* for the first thus/ she alunrarM simply. (TO BH CONTINtnSD.) . Mooting of City Council to-morrow . afternoon, when alter the recent holidays aldermen will come up fresh ib* naint and ready to etar* da wop *t pJtoMne into anyoody. - -?? -: ? ? - ? ?-? ? 