r-nDISer1 ? IcS_ _N WS:LI (FRot 0o0 Oiw COItRERPOODENT.) - NiNYEUNOOK, June 23. ,.:A meeting of ratepayers was held in the .MechaRics' Inistitute' on "Monday last to take into consideration upon what site they would prefer that the tank about to be made by the shiie council should be formed,'and where the weirs in the Avoca River should' constructed. 'After considerable, dis cussion, in which every, speaker, exs pressed a fear that the interest to be paid upon the borrowed money will be a considerable burden upon the inhabi' tents of:the localities where the works are-.formed,.it was decided that the meeting recommend that the taink in Ninyeunook be made upon.the village. reserve, and that in" Towaninny, on or as near as possible'to the t oth section ,reserve, .and the. weirs, one near M'Lionald's, where the main Charlton road meets the river, and. the other midway between, that and the Sheep wash-dam. ,The rain still holds,off, and although the early sown crops are looking well, more rain is required to bring up the late sown. Grass is, growing very slowly indeed, and stock owners have as much as they can do to keep their stock alive. The grass is so short that, the sheep during the short days are unable to pick suflicient to keep their condition, consequently a large num ber of ithe aged are· dying, and, the lambing, which has commenced, is likely to be a very poor one. If it were only possible to allow the sheep to graze at night the death iate iouild not be neai so large'; but the dingoes are so plentitul that if a-fesy sheep are left unfolded; death is almost the cerr c".. co~ie.que-c.-- ."..eighbofor mine left lii sheep unyarled the other nisght, anl in the mornisng tound th e4 killed and iabout tweety bitten" I 'i-as gladl to see that President Taverner brought forward a motion at last meeting that the. council give a price for wild dog skins. 1This, I think, is a step in the right direction, for if the wild dog nuisance' is not checked it will soon. becomeis as destructive as the rabbit pest. Cannot a Wild Dog Destruction Association be formed for the whole of the West. Loddon, Riding; and- each person pay in proportion to the num ber. of sheep kept? ,.Writing of Presi dent Tarerner reminds me that a very flattering requisition to that gentleman has been- taken arouind this 'and 'sur .rounding . ,districts for ,signature. Briefly summarised,it.is- as follows:--It thanks that gentleman for the able. manner in irhich he hlas represented the ratepayers during the last three years, asks him to offer himself for re election, and in the event of his doing so p omising to -support him against all comers. The large numbei of sig natures swhich have been affiixed to: this is very flatteiihg to -Mr' Taverner, and proves that. in the event of his standing for re-election no other can' didate would have' the" ghost. of a show. 