Tbe chief interest in the elections yesterday centred in the election for Mndgee. The fate of Mr. John Davies, at Kiama, also excited some interest, and although hardlv anyone expected him to secure a majority over Sr. Tarrant, who is exceedingly popular in the district, yet the fact that Sir Henry ParkeB had gone to Kiama to assist Mr. Davies invested the election with moro than common interest. Although he polled pretty well in Kiama township, yet he secured comparatively Bmall support in the district, and was defeated by 173 votes. The can didature of Mr. Davies was not such a for lorn hope as that of Mr. Watson at Illawarra, but it was pretty evident from the first that his chances were by no means good. The action of Sir Henry Parkes in viaiting Kiama for the pnrpose of assisting Mr. Davios was obivalrous, bnt not very wise. At Mndgee the Ministry have scored a decided victory. Mr. -Taylor, who heads the poll, although he is not satisfied with Sir John Robertson's Consolidating Land Bill, strongly condemns the proposals of Mr. Stuart. Mr. Taylor is an able and effective speaker, and will be an addition to the speaking ability of tbe Assembly, although he has a strong tendency to indulge in grandilo quent phraseology and high-flown utterances, such as occasionally garnish the leading columns of our evening contemporary, in all the glory of exceptionally large type. One would think that Mr; Taylor had made Mr. W. B. Dallcy his model in fine writing, though wo are informed that he graduated as a presB writer in the columns of a Bathurst paper which indulges in writing more forcible than polite. It is Baid he can rival M'Elhone in bis special style of oratory when occasion require. T7ith two such speakers in the House, the members are likely to have a lively time of it. They will, no, doubt, de voutly hope that these two sons of thunder will devote themselves to the agreeable pastime of annihilating each other. Mr. Taylor, however, appears to be an educated man, and his speeches have considerable literary merit. As Mr. Buchanan, another Boanerges, has also been eleoted, Mndgee will have the distinction of returning two of the greatest orators in the House. Mr. Buchanan, like Mr. Taylor, has condemned the land policy both of Sir John Bobertson and Mr. Stuart. The truth is, Mr.. Buchanan is always condemning and denouncing some thing, and it would bo an agreeable variation if he found anything which he could admire and applaud outside of Shakospoare's plays. However, he and Mr. Taylor aBsert that they will stick to free selection before survey, so that Sir John Bobertson will have two colleagues pledged to support him on the main principle of his land policy. Sir John was second on the poll, so that Mndgee returns three members whose views on the land question are so far in accord with those which the great Liberal politicians of New South Wales and the adjacent colonies have contended for during the past quarter of a century. The return of Sir John Bobertson makes the number of Ministers who have been re turned four, or one half of thosa who had seats in the Assembly. Thero ie every probability of Mr. Wisdom's return for Morpeth, which will leave thrco without seats. We are not aware as yet whether any effort is being made to secaro seats for the three Ministers who are at present without them. If there is any intention of doing so, it should be done at once. Mr. Foster has not as yet addressod a second constituency, but wo can hardly conclude that he has mado up his mind to accept his defeat for Newtown as final for the present. Mr. Watson has indicated that be will be prepared to oppose Mr. Stuart again for Illawarra when the latter returns there for re-election, after accepting the responsibility of forming a new Govern ment. This will not bo a pleasant proBpoot for Mr. Stuart, for the contest then will be a more equal one, although the latter will have the prestige of office to assist him. Mr. Watson has made numbers of friends in Illawarra by his frank, genial, and manly speeches and bear ing, notwithstanding the offensive and malicious attacks upon him in onr evening contemporary last evening, in the largest type. Onr contemporary still labours un der the hallucination that Mr. Stuart should have been regarded as sabred from opposition, and he still indulges in lugubrious complaints that be should have been subjected to a contest, especially with the Treasurer. He draws a doleful pioture of the consequences bad Mr. Stuart been defeated. It would have caused the greatest embarrassment to public business, and he could not have found a seat, except by the sacrifice of a friend. Beally all this is very distressing, and Mr. Watson should have had more consideration for the leader of the Opposition than to subjeot him to these serious inconveniences I Of course, it was quite a different matter wbea Minis ters were opposed and defeated at the poll. Certainly the publio have heard no such contemptible whining in their caso. They accepted the fortune of war, and took their punishment like men. But the leader of the Opposition is to be carefully wrapped up in lavender, and not exposed to the perils of the contest. Tbe writer has the bad taste and effrontery to institute insulting compari sons between the intellectnal qualifications of Mr. Stuart and Mr. Watson. We are sure Mr. Stuart must be as much disgusted at this bb are those who' read the remarks. We have considerable respect for him, but we are not aware that ho occupied so dis tinguished a position in publio estimation as his panegyrist assigns to him. Mr. Watson has gained the respect, of tbe members of the House and of the community by his practical good sense, by his clear-headedness, and his business ability and energy. We are not aware that Mr. Stuart deserves any higher enoomium. . ' . . ' Our morning contemporary seems to have a rooted antipathy to the selectors. Anything that promotes the interests of the squatters and tho wealthy section of the community receives its prompt and powerful aid ; but the working man must have the last drop of blood squeezed out of him. In speaking a few days since at Mndgee, Sir John Bobert- s( n said he was not in favour of the abolition 1 ol in-.ereei on conditionally purchased land up to 640 acres, "but as we were getting our. borrowed money at one per oent. less than we used to, he would bring forward a proposition to lower the rate of interest. But even this shadow of a concession is too much for the Sydney Morning Herald. "The rate of in- " terest," we are told, " should hot be con- " sidered in tbe light of the rate at which the " State can borrow; the comparison should " rather be made with the rate at which the " State debtors could borrow, upon the secn- " rity they are able to offer, in the open " market." A Minister who would adopt this cent, per cent, policy would be one after the Herald's own heart. It is not enough that the selector should pay forty-eight times as much aB the squatter in the shape of 'rent or interest ; it is not enough that he should pay interest at the same rate that the country pays, but he must be bled in proportion to the necessities of his position and the security he is able to offer. The State is, in fact, to become a sort of official pawnbroker, with all - the extortions but none of the advantages of that much- abused class of personB. The selectors are spoken of bb " the debtors of the State," and are told that they have no right to pay less than they could borrow the money for else where. Bnt they are not debtors at all in tbe sense to which the term is applied. They have borrowed no money, and the State has nothing to pay in respect of their obligations. They merely buy under a system of deferred payments ; and without taking tho collateral advantages of settlement into consideration, if they pay the pound an acre in 10 years without interest, the bargain is a better one than letting the land lie in tho hands of the squatters at something like a farthing per acre per annum. But our argument in favour of the re mission of interest is based on much broader principles than these. We believe that it would be to the advantage of the country as a whole to give the land away without either principal or interest, if by this means a thriving agricultural population could be settled on the soil. It is preposterous to look at the original pound an acre as the great and only consideration that Parliament is called upon to stndy. Why, a farm in a high state of cultivation would return to the consolidated revenue nearly that amount per annum in railway freight alone. But the chief consideration !b the great prosperity that would accrue to the country from tbe development of its immense agricultural re sources. There can be no comparison between the present wilderness in the interiorj and tho condition of things that wonld result from the settle ment of a large agricultural population on tho soil. Instead of barren plains and shecpwalks, thero would bo towns and villages throughout tho country, and factories and work- j shops would spring up in all directions. The I great impetus- to trade and commerce, and j the enhanced prosperity of the country j would pay for the land oyer and oyer again, These are the grounds on which wo conceive j it to bo expedient to remit the tax on in- ; dustry which is erroneously called interest, J and which the enemies of settlement are so . anxious to retain. j Ono of the arguments used by the squatter party is that it would never do to remit the : interest, bocause thousands of acres of con- j ditionaliy selected land are held by the squat- j ters, and to let them off would simply be putting j money in the pockets of tho rich. Wo are innocently asked, " Have landholders ol that . " class a just claim to the privilege of " paying less than the market rate for tbe ' " money?" Well, wo don't think they have, ' and we are not aware that anyone over hinted at such a thing, except those who wanted to throw dust in the eyes of the people. No ono in his senses would dream of foregoing tho interest unless thore was to bo a quid pro quo. The advocates of monopoly abatter about the " bargain" that the seloctors have made, as if no such thing had ever been heard : of as a bad bargain. In this case the bar- ! gain is bad on both sides. It is bad for the ! selector because it obliges him to pay charges ' which he is ill able to afford, and it is bad for ' the country because it does not promote that settlement which wrb the main object of the law. Why, therofore, should it not be revised ? What moral wrong is there in amending those provisions of tho law whioh havo failed to effect their object? This is exactly the course taken in respect to all other laws, and why not in respect to the . land law ? The proper course would bo — not to frame a law dealing with lands already , selected, but providing that all future selections up to GdO acres should be ; free of interest on condition that a given por - : tion was placed under cultivation. The option might be afforded those who already hold selections to come under the new regu lations, and what repudiation would - there be in undertaking to perform furthor conditions in consideration of farther concessions ? If. those squatters about whom our morning contemporary is so mnoh concerned, should bo willing to comply with these conditions, and make farms of their runs, by all means let them. It would be the best possible thing that could happen for the country. But if anybody imagines that the advocates of remission want to give up the interest without getting a substantial return tor it in the shapo of good honest settlement, lie must be more innocent or more ignorant than the generality of his fellow country men. Tho worst featuro in tho terrible railway nc- cidont that so rocontly took placo on tho rail way lino nenr to Hawthorn, in Victoria, is tlint it was clearly ono which would novor havo occurred had proper and necessary precautions been observed. Indeed, every preparation would almost seem to have been made for an accident. Tho Government, aftor taking over the Ilobson's Bay railways, arrived at wlint ap pears to luive been the very correct conclusion, that this particular portion of the lino on which the accident occurred should bo doubled. Con sidering that' 43 trains were daily running over the line, this decision cannot bo dissented from. But when tho lino was doubled tho old lino was found to be in such a very bail . stato of repair that only tho now lino was used whilst alterations in tho other wero offectod. Thero was obviously very groat danger, unless extraordinary precautions wero taken, in running specials on a single lino over which 40 trains per diem wero passing. But ono was wanted for a special land sale, and very unfortunately it was put on. "Worse still, definite and clear instructions were not givon to tho station- masters, engine-drivers, and guards on tho lino. Tho lattor loft tho matter in the hands of tho station-masters, and tho station-master at Hawthorn permitted tho special to go on, although he ought to havo known that a collision was thus rondored unavoidable, unless the Melbourne train coming was very much later tlinn it should havo been. Tho two trains met within a short distanco of the Haw thorn station, and although the drivers of both cngineB shut off steam as soon as they saw that a collision was unavoidable, thero was a torrible accident. At first the driver of tho spocial thought that tho regular train must bo on the other lino of rails undergoing repair, but ho soon saw to tho contrary. When the trains mot at reduced speed tho usual results followed. Tho curriages oither ran into each other nnd were smashed, or thoy rolled one on tho top of tbo other. Tho result was that over 70 persons wero injured moro or Icsb soveroly, one lias died, others probably will do so, and many will be mnimcd for life. Tho questions that arise arc, — was thero any fault resting with any one. and if so, with whom ? These a Coroner's jury and an official investigation will supply tho an swers to. But what appears to be a vory bad fea ture in tho accidentia that neither train was sup plied with other than ordinary hand-brakes. It is aFEertcd that either tho WeBtingliouao or tho Woods brake would have pulled up tho trains in time to have provented" the' accident ; and this seems probable, as one drivor main tains that his train was not going at ovor three miles per hour when the collision took place. Neither the staff nor tho block system was in use on 'this- single lino, over which bo many- trains ran daily. No doubt thero was negli gence in several quarters. Tho station-master at Hawthorn ought not to havo allowed tho special- to proceed. But the great question is whether the railways should be under a politi cal head ? It 1b now proposed to put tho man agement of tho railways in the hands of a board. Certainly a chango of some kind seems a necessity. A telegram some time ago told us of as sudden and as great a political reverso in an American Stato as has been just experienced in Now South Wales. Ohio has been hitherto a regular Itepublican stronghold, and it has all at onco gono on tho Democratic ticket by an immense majority. Tho explanations of the sudden change havo just reached hero by mail, and read in the light of tho manner in which this country has gono topsy turvy in politics, are decidedly interest ing. Tho drink interest has been a great factor in deciding tho Ohio elections. There aro in that Stato some 25,000 Gorman voters, nnd, according to the Pall. Mall Gazette, when tho Republicans allied themselves with tho. drastic teetotal reformers, tho Germans, who had been hitherto Republicans to a man, deserted their side for tho beer-garden and no- Sunday party. It is worth while noticing that in North Carolina, where tho Republicans allied themselves with tho grog shops, they carried their elections. Of course, in Ohio, tho German vote was enlisted on the froo-whisky side as against tcmperanco. Tho Germans moroly revolted against what seemed to thorn oxces- Bivo puritnnism ; but when superadded to them camo all thoso who lmd an interest in keeping strong liquors untaxed, and in maintaining public-houses " unfettered by restrictive logis- " Iation," tho cnuso of tho Democrats was lost. It is curious, too, that in Iowq tho Gormans and tho Swedes voted with tho temperance ticket. So that New South WaleB is not tho only country in which sido-issucs rulo political questions of national importance. Tho pied piper of Hamclin had scarcely so many dead rats to account for as has tho In spector of Nuisances of Sydney. In tho grue some list of tho defunct which Mr. Seymour furnished at tho last meeting of tho Sydnoy Municipal Council, as having been furnished forth by our metropolitan strcots, thero are 19,062 rats ; this, without taking into account tho numbers which havo perished of poison unobtrusively, and havo mouldored away without nttnining immortality by being mentioned in Municipal records. Thero must have been n suicidal mania amongst fowls during tbo past year, for Mr. Seymour men tioned 19,089 dead ones that havo been picked up in Sydney by Corporation officials during tho period aforesaid. It is fair to conclude that nono of these fowls wero fit for human consumption, or wo should have never hoard of them. Either that, or they wero too old and too tough even to bo used for chickon broth. Tho numbers of dogs, and of cats, that tho Cor poration dust carts boro away read qui to insignificant besido thoso of rats and goats, whilst tho liBt winds up with " ono monkey." Thero is a sad suggestiveness about this Inst itom, which makes ono think of a barrol organ -without its chief adornment. Mr. Seymour's list was most appropriately presented and road juBt previously to tho Corporation lunch, and must havo beon calculated to givo Aldermen an excellent appetite, when they thought- over tho festoring hecatombs of fowls and cats that had been gathered during the year. Is it not about tirno tho retail prices of meat enmo down a penny or two ? Several months ago wo alluded to the largo profits being mado by middlemen, carcaso butchers, and others, and at that time primo weighty cattlo were averaging £11. At the Homebush salo yards on Thurs day, the top prico realised for "prirao" was £8 17s 3d. Yet tho prico of beef is tho samo now as it was months ago, at tho termination of tho drought. If tho butchers wero making largo profits then, tlioir gains must bo enor mous now. A combination of tho consumers to buy nnd kill their own meat was talkod about when the agitation was fresh, but, Bomehow or other, enmo to nothing. If tho temptation is continued too long, such a co-operative move ment may bo brought about now, owing to tho shortsighted avarico of tho middlemen in koep- ing up prices, which in all jnstico ought to liavo been lowered when tho pressure of a dry season and a grasslcss country was removed. " Defcntcd but not dismayed," is tho motto of the wharf labourers. Thoy have just gono to work at tho old rate of ono shilling an hour after n strike of over a month, but they havo ut tho same timo decided not only to maintain tho Union, but to put it on a firmor basis than over, by registering it under tho pro visions of tho Friendly Socioties Act. If thoy die, they dio game, und reserve to themselves tho right whilo thoy provide tho power to renew tho contest on a future occasion. Empty larders and hungry children aro not tho sort of things to encourage a strike, and no ono can bo surprised tlint tho men gave in. Tho only mutter for regret is that instead of demanding an incroaso of 3d. per hour, thoy did'not content thomselvos with asking Id. or 2d. Thoy should always re member that it is easier to go upstairs a step at a timo than to get on tho landing at a single strido. Some curious reasons aro givon at times for tho non-attendanco of jurymen who are sum moned to attend tho law Courts. Yostorday, at tho Court of Quarter Sessions, tho namo of a juror was called both in tho Court and out side, and after it had been decided that the gentleman was not in attcndanco, and Judgo Dowling was about to placo his namo on tbo list of tli 080 who were to bo fined for non- attendanco, a person in tho body of tho Court roso solemnly and intimated to tho learned judgo that tho man who lmd beon called for had beon dead "for a long timo." Judgo Dowling thereupon said that he could not do otherwise than oxcuso tho juror from attending tho Court. It frequently happens that mistakes aro made by thoso who are cntrustod with tho duty of making out tho jury lists. At tho Quarter Sessions yesterday tho crier and several police men yollod vigorously for " Mr. Martin," and after ho hod beon givon up as a bad job, and ns ono who was not likoly to put in an appoaranco, a gentleman who was in waiting said with truo patriotism, " I think that's meant for mo.". His namo was Warton, and tho Judgo ugrood tlint ho was ns good a man ns Martin, whoovor he might be, and consequently ho " passed." Our cable messages to-day announco that the Earl of Derby, who used to be Minister of Foreign Affairs in the last Conservative Government, and who severed his connection with his party in 1879, is about to join Mr. Gladstone's Ministry. This will necessitate some changes in the con st ruotion ol the Cabinet. Tbo destructive fire in London, which originated in Wood- street, has broken out afresh, resulting in the destruction of a second range of buildings, which were occupied by Messrs. Silber, Floming, and Co. The trial of the other Egyptian rebel oifioers has been concluded. Yncoub Bami and Mahmoud Fermy have beon sentenced to banish ment for life. Probably they likewise will be deported to Ceylon. Sir Evelyn Wood has form ally accepted thB offer made to bim to take the command of the new Egyptian army, and he will return to Egypt on an early date, Rumoure are current that steps arc about to be taken to reduce to a considerable extent the British army of occu pation in Egypt, now numbering 11,000, all arms. It is said that four battalions will shortly receive orders to return to England. The Bight Jion. Mr. Fawcett continues in a very critical condition. He has suffered from an attack of hemorrhage, and is now perceptibly weaker than ho was. There was considerable excitement in Sydney yesterday over the Mudgce and Kiama elections. For the former place Mr. A, G. Taylor, Sir John Robertson, and Mr, David Buchanan may be con sidered elected, so far bb the returns of the polling to hand show. At KiBma Dr. Tarrant defeated Mr. John Davies by about 173 votes. In Kiamn proper tho polling was equally divided between the candidates, but outside tbo town, Dr. Tarrant gained large majorities over Mr. Davies. At Argylo Mr. Gannon and Ool, Holborow were elected; Mr. J.L. Rankin being defeated by only a small number of votes. For tbo Hawkcsbury, Mr. M'Quade boat his old oppo nent, the late member, Mr. Bowman, and is elected in his stead; and forWeltington the returns to fur show that Mr. (Ferguson is far ahead of Mr. Shorter. The nominations for Hartley were made yesterday, Mr. Passmoro obtaining tho show of handB, Messrs. Lloyd, Shepherd. Targett, and lJnehes were also proposed. Tho political events for to-day are not nume- rous. There are no nominations to be made, but the polling will to taken for tbe Clarence, the Hastings and Manning, Holong, and Wollombi. The nominations for Morpeth wore made yester day. The Hon. Robert Wisdom obtained the show of hands by a large majority. Tho s.e. John Elder sailed from Aden for Australia on the 8th instant, A meeting of the Amsterdam Exhibition Com- misBioners was held at tbe Free Public Library Bent-street, yesterday afternoon at 4 o'clock. 8ir John Hay presided. There was a good attendance. The chairman stated that the object of the meeting was the election of a paid secretary, to take charge of the exhibits at the exhibition. There were eeveral applications received for tbe appointment and Mr. Combes, C.M.G., proposed that Mr. Henry Bonnard should be elected, which was carried unanimously. Mr. Fosbery . then proposed that a clerk be appointed as an assistant to the secretary but the proposition was withdrawn, it being' pointed out by several gentlemen that it was un necessary. A letter from the Colonial Secretary was read, in which he offered eeveral glass show- cases for the use of the exhibitors nt-the exhibi tion. They were used at the Paris Exhibition, and were now lying at the South Kensington Museum, Tho offer was accepted. A vote of thanks to the chairman concluded the meeting. The Report of tho Commissioner for Railways on tho Railways nnd Tramways of New South WaleB for 1881, which we treated upon some time ago, has been issued in its perfect form by the Government Printer, and is one of the most com plete and elaborate books ever issued in any colony. The maps Bnd designs are lucid and beautifully executed, and tbe work will form a valuable addition to the libraries of politicians public men, and those generally who lake an inte rest in the country's progress. In the Banco Court yesterday, before Mr. Jus. ticc Faucett and n jury of four, Mr. Castoer sued Mcbsis. Watkinson Howlett and William Cos- grove, trading as Watkinson Howlett and Co., for a eum of £264, paid by him to defendants to re tire a promissory note, but which money, it wa3 alleged, had been used by tbcm for other purposes the result being that Mr. Castner hed to take up the noto from the A.J.8. Rank, thus paying twice over. He further sued for other moneys with interest. The total amount came to £271, and the jury gave the plaintiff a verdict. Defendants did not defend the action, and, at the conclusion of the case, bis Honor said he considered the proceeding a scandalous one, and thought it was Mr. Cast, ner's duty to prosecute for misappropriating money, The Court of Quarter Sessions sat yesterd .y at Darlinghurst, Mr. District Coutt Judge Dowling presiding. A number of cases were disposed of, in respect of which a report will bo fonnd in another colnmn. The Court will meet again at 10 o'clock this morning. It transpired in the Court of Quarter Sessions yesterday, that a boy, 16 years of ago, had been accepted as a surety for tho appearance of a man who was charged with having committed a breach of the laws. It appeared that when the bond was taken it was supposed that the person who gave it was tho father of the boy, and ho being n person of some position in the city, the bond was taken without any question being raised as to the value of it. His Honor Baid he would take time to con- aider what would be done in connection with the matter. In the Supremo Court, yesterday, before Mr. Justice Faucett nndn jury of four, a Mr. Conway sued Messrs. Mann, Oarey, and Co., railway con- tractorsfor £1000 damages, for the olleged offence of having falBely and maliciously obtained a ca. re, from Sir William Manning, Primary Judge in Equity, preventing Conway from leaving the colony unlees be lodged bail for hiB appearance in an action that was pending, Tho plaintiff Con way was accordingly arrested and lodged in DnrlinghurBt Gaol, The case, however, com pletely broke down, and his Honor refused to put it to the jury. It will be remembered that Messrs. Mai n, Carey, and Co. obtained a verdict against Conway a fortnight ago for £720 ior monies paid on his account. His Honor Judge Dowling pursuaded a juror to remain at the Quarter Sessions Court yesterday by telling him, when he asked to be excused, that he was too goccl a man to be let off. A sitting of tho Supreme Court in its civil juris diction was to have been held yestciday at Darlinghurst, but owing to the illness of tbo Chief Justice it was adjourned till next day. Mr. J. A. Dowling, solicitor, of No. 98 Pitt-street, Sydney, has been appointed by the Chief Justice of the Bupremo Court of Queensland a commis sioner of that Court for taking affidavits, rec., ia this colony. His Honor Mr. Justice Faucett yesterday lined McEBrs. John Little, William Marshall Jackson, and William Allison £2 each, for non-attendance as jurors at tho Supreme Court. Sir. Dillon, S.M., disposed of the criminal busi ness at the Central Police Court yesterday morn ing. The ohargc sheet was very light. An old man named John Smith was sent to gaol for 11 days for stealing an nxo handle, valued at Is, tbe property of Henry Isaacs. A woman named Catherine Willis, for using obscene language in George-street, wns fined £5, in default three months' imprisonment with hard labour. Tbe number of drunknrdB wob unusually small. Robert W, Blnncbard, alias English, a respect ably-dressed man, appeared in the dock at tho Central Police Court yesterdny morning, charged with unlawfully wagering and winning from John Finigan a gold chain, with locket attached, a gold ring set with diamonds, nnd a lady's riug, to tbo value of £18, the property of John Finigan, Tho prosecutor did not appear, and tho accused was discha'gcd. Tho following letter ha9 boon received by the secre tary of the late Fire Brigades Demonstration from the secretary of the United Fire Brigades' De monstration, Victoria : — " Albion Volunteer Fire Brigade, Melbourne, 2nd December, 18S2.— Dear Sir,— I have tbe honor to inform yon that at a meeting held last ovoning, it wbb unanimously re solved that a vote of thanks bo conveyed to you and your committeo for tbe kind manner in which tho members of tbe Victorian brigades were treated during their late visit to Sydney in connection with your demonstration, and trust they will ba ablo to return tho compliment on some futuro occasion. — Yours, ice., W. F. Martin, hon. secre tary." One of tbe jurymen summoned to attend the Quarter Sessions yesterday claimed to be excused on tbe ground that ho was 63 years old, and over the age at which a man could claim exemption from service on a jury. His Honor Judge Dow ling said that he himself was older than tbe jury man, who appeared to be a hale, hourly man. As another renson why he should bo excused, the juror stated that he had been in the colony for 43 years ; bnt his Honor held that as he had been extremely lucky in this rcfpcct he should not be considered as suffering from a grievsnco if, at last, he were called upon to 6ervo his country. Therefore the juryman could not bo excused, and he was com pelled to serve accordingly. After all tbe foes and bother which has been made among scientists as to tbe origin of the comet, it bns devolved upon a resident in the Rlverton (N.Z.) district to put them all in the shade. _ lie furnishes tbe following learned ex planation to the Western Slur ; — " The exhalations of phosphorus from tho South Island of New Zealand being attracted magnetically in an ea-t- north-enit direction for seven millions of miles, and then losing that attraction, formed the head of the comit. The tail, air, without the slightest doubt, is formed by the phospborised ghosts of 33 million deceased bunnies." The Presbytery of Sydney will meet in 8t, Andrew's Church, this evening, at 6.30. The fol lowing is tho business : — Receive commissions, if any ; appointment of moderator for next six months; call from Paddington to Rer. J. 1'. Dickson ; petition from Palmer-street for a moderation ; nomination of a moderator for ensu ing assembly ; James Paton's motion nnent employment of students ; Dr. W. Moore White's resignation of convenership of Suburban Church Extension Committee ; the proposal to license and ordain J. II. Laurie ; report of committee on Milson's I'oint Mission ; motion by J. II. Ross that records of sessions and Committeo of Manage ment be laid on the tablo annually ; letter from Salter nnd Baiker, solicitors, nueut P. F- M'Konzie'a arrears ; supply of vncancics ; appoint ment of next meeting. Tho Otago Daily Times atntes that in order to prevent the absconding by the San Francisco mail boats which has been to frequent, Government intends stationing n detective from each of the chief towns in the colony at Auckland, Willi special orders to watch the outgoing passengers. The want of accommodation in the law courts both at King-street and Darliughurst is being felt by the Judges, lawyers, nnd everybody elso con cerned. Had it not happened that tbe Chief Justice was ill yesterday, Mr. Judge Dowling wonld have had to hold tbo Quarter Sessions nt Darlinghurst in the small room whioh is usually occupied by the Assessment Court. Tho Cumberland 'Times remarks : — " While half tho constituencies hhve becomo ns rabid in their expressions of detestation of tiro Parkes-Robertsop Ministry as ilie Sydney Hunting Herald is speci ously spiteful, Hud the A 'ceiling Hews is men daciously malignant ngnlnst them, it is something to bo proud of that Pairamatta has, under tun circumstances, preserved its snnity, and stood up for the Premier through good report and bad re port. Lust Saturday, after the announcement by the Returning Officer cf tho election of Mr. Hugh Taylor, Mr. Alban Goc called for thrco cheers for "'Bir Henry Parkes, tho greatest statesman New South Wales over saw.' Tbeso wore given with a vigour not exceeded by those whioh greeted the return to Pniliament of tho most popular man in I Parramattn." I A largo number of members and visitors as- I Btmblcd at the School of Ar s Debaing Club list evening. Mr. T. T, Gray presided. Mr, J. EodgEon, the Premier of the clab, submitted the following for debate " That the mm who gives up bis right to a voice in tho Government of the country in order to join the a'my or navy, has bartered away the dignity of his manhood." Tho question was suppoited Mcssis. J. B. Sedgwick and lv Levey. Mr. A. J. Smith vigorously led the opposition, and wis supported by Messrs. 0. Dingle and AV. Claik, the debate being ultimately adjourned. At the Water Police Court yesterday, before Mr. Marsh, S.M , Emma Allway was brought up on a charge of attempting to commit suicide. It appears that she deliberately jumped off the wharf at Circular Quay, and would undoubtedly have been drowned had it not been for the prompt action of Senior-constable Kearney, who succeeded in res cuing her. She was committed to take her trial at next Court of Quaitcr Sessions. John McJIahon, charged with being drunk in William-streot, was fined 30=, or 18 hours' gaol ; on a further charge cf using indecent language he was fined £2, in default 14 days' imprisonment. James MeCann, found guilty of beingdrunk and disorderly in Kent-street, was finid 7p, or one week's gaol ; on a further cborge of assaulting the constnble who arrested bim he was fined £5, in defnult one month's im prisonment. A preliminary meeting will be held in the Temper ance Gall to-morrow afternoon of gentlemen favour able to the formation of a league on a broad basis, to defend the beneficial clauses of the Licensing Act, to advocate desirable amendmems, and to advance local option on the lines of Sir Wilfred Lawson's resolution as paseed in the House of Commons. The annual examination of the pnpils of the New South Wales Institution for the Deaf and Dumb and the Blind will take place at tho Institution, Newtewn- road, ou Monday, 18th instant, nt 3 p.m. The issue of books from the lending branch of the free Public Library will be suspended for the pur pose of Etock-taking, from the 18th instant till the end of the year. BookB will bo received from bor rowers, however, during the ordinary hours daily. Borrowers who fail to return their books before the end of tbeycar will forfeit the privilege if borrowing during the ensuing year. 