J NEWS OF THE DAX. j I A BKILI.IAST, desperate, and successful attaok íttpoa Arabi's strongly entzenehed positions at Tel tel-Kebir, where "the flower of his army waa con- centrated," was made by Sir Garnet Wolseley at an early .boor on Wednesday morning. The enemy's entire positions were carried at the point of tho Biwrird, and no less than forty guns were cap- tured, together with a large number of prisoners. "When fuller details are to hand, it will doubtless be fearad that the British have < gained not only a; brflEant, but a deoisive victory. To judg* from the necessarily condensed accounts cabled. Sir Garnot has displayed great military tact and judgment Ho did not strike, until quito ready. When ready, ho struck valiantly and successfully. Jfo ! performed his task uudor the eyes of tho world, it may bo eaid ; for cablegrams had made every civilized country awaro of hfc movements, and the exact positions . of his force?. But 1U miles intervened between hi. position at Kaesaro in Lock and Arabi's position at Tel-el Kebir, both places on tho freshwater canal. Itwaq known tho world over that on Tuesday ho had his arrangements completo, and it was felt almoet aa a cer- tainty that bnt few hours would bo allowed to elapso ero ho assaulted the rebellious Egyptians. The crisis has come, and, eo far as information to hand shows, has resulted very satisfactorily from a British point of view. When our last telegram wa* despatohed, Arabi's army was in full . retreat, and was being rapidly pursuod by tho British vcavalry. Tho battle at Tel-ol-Kobir does not appear '??to havo lasted long, for one telegram, datod 5 a.m., etotes that the British were in full maroh upon Arabi's i.\ofeitiona; the next, dated 7 a,m., stated that tho c>loray had been dislodged and put to night. Tuk Prince and Princess of "Wales, who, with their chiiMron, have been spending a few weeks on the Con- tinu, it, vhis Royal IIighnes3 having made the visit at tho I »mist of his medical advisers, were to return to Engla *»d on Wednesday last. It íb hoped therefore that tl\o lPrinco's health has boon recruited by tho change. Tin: t ihipment of frozon moat by the Orient Com- pany's ste «unship Austral, sent from Australia, has now been almo et all disposed of on the London market Tho first porti an, offered about a fortnight ago, averaged about Gd. par 3b. Since then prices have improved toe^d. Shaw's foam of c.tiokoters havo now sustained signal defeats at ft» hands °£ Australiana in Sydney, Mel- bourne, and on the.*r "native heath." The match between them and the Australian Elevon at Leeds was concluded on Tuesday. tb\> latter being victorious by 88 runs. Bro Henry Paekbs is stiill improving in health, bat he is gaining strength very Nslowly. Ilia illness has been all the moro distressing*,', to him because of the Btrong desire he has felt to get (away from tho somewhat dreary rooms of tho Colonial 'Secretary's Office to his own home at faulconbridge, and the society of Lady Parkes and his daughters, ana because of tho serious ¡lines« of tho widow of his eldest son, Robert, who died in January, 1880. Lady Parkes being in a precarious state of health eau «el dom. leave hor home, but on Tuesday elie carno wAth her youngest daughter to Sydney, and they w.xre with Sir Henry for some hours. The special inquiries that aro made with regard to Sir Henry's heAlth aro very numerous. Among thoea-who inquired yestsrday woro the Governor of New Caledonia, Coraraodore'Jirskino, Lady Hamilton Gordon, Sir James Martin, Sir Patrick Jennings, and several members of Parliament. Among others who wero permitted to have short intorviowa with tho hon. gentleman wero Mr. Justice Windeyer, Lady Allen, Misa Osborn,, and noarly all tho Ministers. During tho day Sir Henrymanagod to attend to a little business by giving instructions with regard to several matters of a pressing natuire, but ho waa compelled to go back to bed early in the afternoon. Tub Criminal Law Amendment Bill was further considered by tho Legislative Assembly yesterday in Committee of the "Whola as far as the llßth clause. Sir John Robertson laid on the table of the As- sembly, on Wednesday night, the report of the Board of Immigration in regard to charges against Miss Chicken, matron of the immigrant ship Orontes, to- gether with the decision of the Board. The decision of the Board is to the effect that the surgeon- superintend- ent of tho Orontes acted somewhat hastily in suspend- ing the matron after her arrival at the quarantine station. The Board recommend that Miss Chicken should receive the full gratuity, and bo continued as a permanent matron. It appears from a paper moved for in the Legislative Assembly on the 9th Decetnbor last, by Mr. Murray, and recontly laid on the tabUo of the House, that the witnesses examined on behalf of the Government in tho Christie v. Hoskins case were Messrs. P. J. Adams, W. A, B. Greaves, J. S. Chard, B. Eonald, M. 0. A. Marsh, G. B, Packer, J. Davidson, T. Alphen, and D. Miller. Mr. Chard was ongaged for 80 days, ho travelled 18G0 miles, and tho amount paid to him was £61. Mr. llonald was engaged for 23 days, he travelled 740 .miles, and was paid £60 10s. Mr. Marsh was engaged for 79 days, ho travelled 2604 miles, and the amount -paid to him was £00 Os. 9d. The total amount paid to witneeses was £187 10s. 9d. Amono other documenta recently laid before the Legislativo Assembly aro the letters, minutes, etc., in connection with the suspension from duty of Captain P. a. Wollrcr, of the Torpodo Corps, in October last year, together with the proceedings of the court of inquiry held in the matter. The court consisted of Lieutenant-Colonel Goodlot, Major Jaques, and Major Wolle. Lioutonant-Colonol Christie also attended, apparently as prosecutor. The oharges against Captain Walker wero as follow :-1. Having at Sydney, New South Wales, during the months of September and ' October, 1881, between dotes indicated in certain cor- respondence, boen guilty of insubordination and dis- obedience of orders, by re-fusing or failing to give certain information required by Oolonol Richardson, Commandant of tho Voluntcor Military Foroes, acting in his official capacity, having roforenco to tho resigna- tion of his commission by a gentleman formerly a Second lieutenant in the Torpedo and Signalling Corps, although distinct and repeated ordora to this effect wero conveyed to him by proper authority. 2. For having, at or near Sydnoy, New South Wales, at or about tho period of tito continuous training of the Volunteer Force, in April, 1881, failed to report to higher authority, as specially required by paragraphs 82 and 85 of tho "Volunteer Regulations of the 9th Soptember, 1878, an act or acts of impropriety, indiscipline, or irregularity, committed by an officer of tho Tor- pedo' and Signalling Corps. The finding of the court was as follows :-In answer to tho first charge against Captain Philip Billingsloy Walker, of the Torpedo and Signalling Corps, Proven, in having re- fused, and persisting in suoh refusal, to give direct reply to a legitimate question put to him hy the Com- mandant In answer to the second charge, Not proven, as there is no offence shown to have been committed. The proceedings and f iding of the Court having beon submitted to the Gov ¿nor, his Exeelloncy wrote tho fol lowingminuto:-Inregardtotheeharges brought against Captain Walker for insubordination and disobedience of orders, I concur in the verdict of the Court on the first charge, considering that Captain Walker uninten- tionally, and misapprehonding the circumstances of the caso, was led to a disobedience of orders amounting to a breach of discipline. I consequently diroot that ho be reprimanded and cautioned for tho fnture. In rogard to the second charge, I have no observation to make further than that I concur in the verdict of acquittal pronounced by the Court.-A. L. TnE P. and 0. Company's steamship Eohilla, with tho English mails, via Suez, to August 11, arrived m King George's Sound yesterday afternoon, nearly a day behind contract time. In another column we publish a telegraphic summary of news brought by her, The Sydney portion of her mails will probably not reach here before next Friday morning, We are in a position to inform the public that the tender of the well known Victorian railway contracting firm, Messrs. C. and E. Miller, has been accepted for the construction of the first section, 23 miles 13 chains and 30 links, of the Illawarra railway. We believe that there were some eight tenders sent in, in which there was a remarkable difference in regard to the amounts, but that of the above named firm, for £258,419, was the lowest. Is the Supreme Court yesterday, the hearing of Reddan v. Aarons was concluded. The jury found for the plaintiff, damages £204 15s. The hearing of Law v. the Municipality of Sydney was continued, and had not concluded when the Court rose. Brown v. Patter- son, an action of trespass to land at Milburn Creek, was began, and had not concluded when the Court rose, Mr. Justice Faucett took his seat on the bench in the Banco Court after the conclusion of Beddan v. Aarons. His Honor the Primary Judge was occupied all day hearing the suit of Bettington v.-Leard and others, The case stands over as part heard, The Darlinghurst sittings of the Supreme Court wero continued yesterday before his Honor the Chief Justice and ajury of four. Fuller v. Suttor waa an action [ in which the plaintiff sought .to. recover £200 as com- pensation for two acres of land resumed by tit» Govern- ment at Shellharbour for a Public school. Tho Govern- ment valuation waa £&Q.; The jury gavea.voeduitioe £ü"0. In Street and another v. the Minister for Works, in which the plaintiffs claim £6500 as compensation for two acres of land near Barcom-stroet, resumed by | the Government for sewerage purposes, and in which the Government valuation is £2378 15s., the case was adjourned until 10 o'clock to enable the jury to view tho land. Tut annual report of the Under-Secretary for Mines, on tho Stock and Brands Branch, will us found in another portion of this issue. H.M.S. Espiègle after a long cruise amongst the South Sea Islands returned to port yesterday. Her movements wore attended with some good, and Captain Bridge appears to have acted as peacemaker on one occasion, at Havannah Harbour. An account of this vessel's cruise will be found in another column. Tin. Northern Monarch arrived yesterday from Plymouth, with Government immigrants. The siegle -women wore landed at the depot in the afternoon, and their examination will take place to-day. Married people and single mon will land this afternoon, and may probably be for hire on Monday. They all appear to bo a good stamp of people, and their appearance refleots credit on the surgeon-superintendent, Dr. Dawes, as well as Captain Wickman, who is in command of the 6hip. The barque Borwick Law, from New York, and the barque Routenbeek. from Liverpool, also arrived during the day, and all three vessels appear to have made remarkably quick passages, according to the re- ports in our shipping columns. TnE weather yesterday was again threatening, but coal and refreshing. A strong southerly wind prevailed throughout the day. Tra Sydney Diocesan Synod mot at 4 p.m. yesterday, and the first name for discussion was that-of the Kev. Richard Appleton, MJ... Fellow of Trinity OeUege, Cambridge. The result of the division was to place Mr. Applcton's name on tho list to be sent to the bishops. Mr. Appleton is a man of high academical distinction, being sixth Wrangler, and second-class Classical Tripos. He also gained the Cbanoellor's medal in 1872. The next name «bmitted waa that of the Suffragan Bishop of Dover, Right Rev. Edward Parry. On division being taken, the name of Dr. Parry received a large majority of votes. The voting is thus concluded. The name« of the three gentlemen to be »ubmitted to the bishop« of the provinoe, who will select two, are those of the two already named, and that of Canon Fleming. When the bishops of the province have made tbeir choice tho two Barnes will be submitted to the Bishops of Australia end Tasmania, who will appoint the bishop. At the close of the business, the Rev. Dr. Corlette moved a vete of thanks to the President, on behalf of the clergy, and'Mr. A. Gorden seconded it on behalf of the laity. It waa carried unanimously. The President returned thanks. A MKETiNo of the finance committee of the Sydney Municipal Council was held at the Town Hall yester- day afternoon, when the Mayor occupied the chair, and there was a fair attendance of aldermen. Some formal business having been disposed of, accounts amounting to £16.33 10s. lOd. were passed for pay- ment. The Zoological Sooioty applied for leave to fence and use additional land at Moore Park. The application was opposed by Alderman M'Elhone, who stated that he had taken steps for testing whether tho council had powor to permit any society to occupy land on the park, and it was postponed. Tho committee refused the application of the Football Association for land in the same locality, and to accede to the request of the Jockey Club to remove certain posts on Randwiok-road, the cost in the latter case being considered immoderate for the object in view. The Mayor stated that Alderman Moore had addressed a newspaper from America to the committee, but he had not discovered anything interesting in it bo far as they were concerned, except, perhaps, a diagram of Washington gaol. Mr. D. Davies, contractor for the woodon pavement being laid in George-street, offered to extend tho same from Market-street to Bathurst-etreet on the present terme, except that the council should pay for additional excavations. As sufuoient money had not been voted for the extension the offer was postponed for further consideration. Alderman J. D. Young brought the meeting to a termination by giving notice that ho would move at the next meeting of the council " That this council having adopted the report of the sub-committee with regard to Alderman John Davies and the hiring of the Coonanbara, it is of opinion that Alder- man Davies has been guilty of conduct unworthy of an alderman, and ought to be called upon to resign his position in tho counoil.'' Tho following is a state- ment of the financial position of the Municipal Council for week ending ISth September:-Balances.-City Fund: Dr., £37,444 18s. 6d. Water Fund: Cr., £35,028 8s. 9d. Sewerage Fund: Cr., £17,372 10s. Id. Sydney Common Fund : Dr., £13,782 2s. lid. Cattle Sale Yards: Cr., £16.045 4s. lid. Town Hall Loan Fund: Dr., £880 0s. lOd. Bank balance«: Dr., £52,112 17s. 3d.; cr., £68,446 8s. 9d. Town Hall Loan Fund, fixed deposit : Cr,, £40,000. Government Guarantee Sewerage Fand : Dr., £75,000 ; less amount retired by Government and due to City Fund, £50,000. Sinking Fund, Cattle Sale Yards : Cr., £345 5s. ; ditto, ditto invested, or., £2000. Sinking Fund, Town Hall Loan : Cr., £343 14s, 4d. ; ditto, ditto in- vested, cr., £7000. The usual monthly mooting of tho Engineering Association of New South Wales was held last eveaiag, whon several members were present to hear the eoa tinuation of a paper partially read at the previous meeting by Mr. Cruikshank, Government engineer, " On the Strength of Steam Boilers." Certain passages in his argument were illustrated by diagrams. Mr. Cruikshank pointed out that steel had como largely into demand for the manufac- ture of steam boilers, owing to its increased strength and lightness as compared with Low Moor or Staffordshire iron, and expressed an opinion that before long it would bo universally adopted in boiler construction. He also descanted upon the improvements made by the intro- duction of Fox's patent corrugated flues, whioh wore proved to be three or four times as strong aa plain flues. The paper was written in a most practical form, and was much appreciated by all present Mr. Cruikshank also touched on the manufacture of steel. A vote of thanks was warmly accorded him, and as proof of the high opinion entertained by the audience of the excellent paper, etepa are to be taken to get it printed, se that it may be widely circulated amongst members of the engineering profession in the Australian colonies. It may be mentioned that this association has received a present of 10 guineas for the best paper on mechanical Bubjeota by junior members. Tua patternmakers who are members of the Amalga- mated Society of Engineers were called upon yester- day by tho local distriot committee to stop work. This is the only new feature in the ironworkers' strike. A MEETTOo of the master painters of Sydney and suburbs was last night held in the Builders' Exchange, King-street, to consider the request of the Sydney United Operative Painters' Society, for an increase of 1-Jd.por hour on the present rate of wage, and also other matters affecting the general interests of the trade. A circular had been forwarded to the masters from the operatives stating " that, considering the high price of provisions, fuel, house rent, Ac, the employer! be requested to give an inoreaee of l^d. per hoar on the present rate of wagoe (that is, to make the wages 10s. per day of 8 hours) on and after the 2nd of October next" There was a large attendance of masters, from 40 to 50 being present ; Mr. J. Beaumont occupying the chair. Previous to any resolutions being passed a document was signed by the masters to the following effect :-" We, the undersigned employers of painters in Sydney and suburbs, agree to act and abide by any resolutions which may be passed by a majority of those present at the meeting held at the Builders' Exchange, this 14th day of September, 1882." There were about 45 signatures to this document. The first resolution passed waa that the standard rate of wages should remain as at présent Opinions were expressed that taking the men ás a body they were well satisfied with the present rate of wages, the dissatisfied men being the least efficient. The journeymen pointera were receiving as good wages as the general body of workmen, and, unlike those in many other trades, they had no tools to find. It was universally noticed that good workmen were the quietest ; it was men who had perhaps painted the outside of a ship twice who caused the moat trouble. It was determined that copies of the résolution which had been unanimously carried should be forwarded to the "United Operative Painters' Society." With regard to overtime, it waa resolved that on week' days "time and a-quarter" should be paid up till 10 o'clock »t night, and after that hour "tuna And a-halt" that on Saturday " time »nd a quarter "should be paid up" te 6 o'clock in'tbfl aftsr nopn, and after that " time and a-half." This termi- nated the business of the mooting, but before those present dispersed it was resolved that a master painters' picnic should be held in the first week in October, and e working committee was appointed to carry out all arrangements in connection therewith. A vote of thanks was passed to the chairman, who suitably acknowledged the courtesy. At a meeting of clerical and lay representatives of the Roman Catholic Church in Melbourne, in reference to the erection of the central tower of St. Patrick's Church in that city, as a permanent memorial of Archbishop Goold's escape from assassination, three of the clergy- men present stated that tho maintenance of their local schools, without Government aid, was " a severe and constant tax on the people of their districts with limited means." TntRH waa a large gathering of Freemasons at the Masonic Hall on Wednesday afternoon, the occasion being the consecration of a new iodgo under the Scottish Constitution. Worshipful Bro. F. B. Davidson pre- sided, and, assisted by the officers and members of the District Grand Lodge, performed the ceremony of con- secrating the new lodge, to which the name " Mid- lothian" has been given. The W.M., Bro. J. A. Kean, and his officers were duly installed, the readings being intoned very impressively by tho D.G. Chaplain, and the ceremony concluded at 6 p.m. At 7 p.m. Lodge Midlothian met, and for the first time opened for Masonio services. The D.G.M., Bro. Dr. Sedgwick, and his officers were in attendance, and were received .¿cording to ancient Masonic custom. A great deal of work having been transacted, various interesting ad- dresses were delivered, and the business of the evening I being ooncluded, the, brethren adjourned to a banquet. prepared and served in good style by Mr. Grover, of the Masonio Hall Hotel. The usual loyal and Masonic toasts were honoured, muele being provided by the D.G. organist and the choir, and the proceedings ter- minated at 10 p.m. Tub Boyal Antedunrian Order of Buffaloes, Bulletin Mother Lodge, No. 1, of N. S. W., under Charter of the ärand Lodge of Victoria, held their usual wsekly rarmting at Host Thatcher't Bulletin H otel, Castlereagh .tost, on Tuesday last, with a strong muster, and initiated several members. This lodge has bean initiated about six weeks, and began with six members, and aow musters over 80 ; where the mother lodges at home, according to last mail received by the secretary. Brother Meyers, informed him their number is over 80,000. The BuMetin Lodge have not only carried on their business in a style which does credit to the order, bat have proved by their seal to still increase theil noble order in the suburbs of Sydney and country of Kew South Wales. Som« three weeks ago Brother Primo T. Tack opened a new lodge, called the Empress of India Lodge, No. 2, at Granville, and that lodge has already vastly increased in number. To-morrow night the Primo Took and officers of the Bulletin Mother Lodge open another new lodge of the R. A. O. B. at the Phoenix Hotel, Moncur-street, Woollahra, styled the Phoenix Lodge, B. A. 0. B" No. 8, of N. S. W" under dispensation of the Grand Lodge of Victoria, This lodge is established through the exertions of Brother Holmes, and all the brothers wish to attend the opening ceremony, at 8 p.m. on Friday, the 15th instant. Toa Hon» John Macintosh, VLXJ3., -who was recently appointed an honorary member of the Licensing Court «»ce Mr. John Daviss, C.M.G, resigned, took his seat on the Bench at the Water Police Court for the first time yesterday. The» were a large number of legal gentlemen present, and Mr. Gannon said that he had been requested, on behalf of the legal profession who were present, to observe that thoy noticed a différence ia she constatation of the Beach ; and to congratulate the Hon. Mr. Mnrintosh apon his appointment. The memben of tho legal profession present had had the honour of appearing before Courts when Mr. Macintosh had sat as a Justice of the Peace, and they thought it was only right that they should offer him their warmest congratulations upon the fact of the Government having appointed him to assist the other gentlemen who oonstituled the Licensing Court It was, he thought, an appointment that would give satis- faction to everybody. He did not believe that dur- ing the long experience Mr. Macintosh had- bad as a Justice of the Peace anybody had ever found fault with a decision he had given or the manner in whioh he had adjudicated. On behalf of the profession present he (Mr. Gannon) offered Mr. Macintosh hi» warmest congratulations upon the occasion of his taking a seat on the Licensing Benoh. The Hon. John Macintosh said he felt very much obliged to Mr. Gannon for the observations he had made. He (Mr. Macintosh) had always endeavoured to perform his magisterial duties to the best of his ability, and had striven to favour neither ona person nor another. He should pay due attention to whatever arguments might be submitted to him by the legal gentlemen, and hoped that he would give the same amount of satisfaction as I hitherto. A casa not eontemplated by the new Licensing Act i was brought before the licensing magistrates sitting at I the Water Police Court yesterday. It was that of Eesshan's Hotel, which was Bituated at the corner of a lane and Kiag-etmt The premisas were very old, enoroashed oa the footway, and did not afford the accommodation required by the Act. A, oonditioBsl license was granted-the conditions being that the necessary alterations should be made-and the lee waa paid. It was found, however, that the provisions of the City Improvement Act wore snob that the neoseeary alterations could not be made. The necessity of racing the building was therefore imposed «poa the owner, who has to sacrifice I the rent of the place while the "alterations " are being made, and has no alternative but to rebuild a publio hoose mon in accordance with modern requirements. I Plans of proposed alterations were submitted to tho I Licensing Court, and they granted the publican until the sad of December of the present year to carry oat those plans, The building waa completely pulled down, and despite the permission which the Licensing Court had granted, the polios intervene and summon the licensee for " abandoning his licensed premises as his usual piase of reaidenoe," an offence whioh rende» a defendant liable to the forfeiture of his license. Mr. Slattery, who appeared for the defendant, Mr. Martin Keoshaa, said he was awaro that that was a ease for which no special provision had been made in the Licensing Act *; pointed out that the applicant could not have adopted any other course, that if he had not paid the fee for his Ucease the local option vote would have precluded him from obtaining a license for the new buildings when they were erected-, and argued that, according to ona of tho sections of the Aot, the premises had become "ruinous or dilapidated by uncontrollable causee." -the uncontrollable causes being the provisions of the City Improvement Aet-and that, therefore, that was not an offence contemplated by the section under which the information had been laid. Tho Bench suggested to Sub-inspector Bremner, who was in charge of the ease, that he might withdraw the information, but he declined to do so. The Court then took the view that the act complained of was not an offence contemplated by the Licensing Act, and dismissed the information. A casa which had a rather humorous aspect was brought before the Licensing Court yesterday. A constable entered a public-house on a Sunday, and saw the licensee and another man at the bar, The publican gave the man a glass of brandy, and while the man was raising the glass to his lips tho zealous policeman prevented him from drinking by taking the glass and its contents away, thereby preventng a breach of the Licensing Aot. Then the constable summoned the publican for that he " did permit liquor to be drunk on his'licensed premises" on the Sunday in question. The publioan told the court that the man was a lodger, and tile constable in his simphoity proved that liquor waa not drank. Ths magistrates ohuckled, and the case was dismissed. Mr. J. Buchanan, S.M., made a personal expia» nation at the Licensing Court at the Water Polios Court yesterday whioh will doubtless meet with the . approval of many persons. For some time after the provisions of the Lioensing" Act came into operation the Court imposed a fine of £5 upon any publican who might be convicted of a first offence, and of £7 upon any publican who might be convicted of a second offence. One of the sections of the' Act provides that where 'the penalty is £5 or upwards' the defendant had a right to appeal to the District Court The importance of such a provision will be understood when it is realised that three convictions are équivalent to the forfeiture of the license of a publican, ' Reoently the Lioensing Court reduced the penalty for a first offence to £3, áod that for a second offence to £4» and in neither _of those cases would the defendant have the right'of appealing to the District (tout, ' although, of course, he would hare the right of adopting the very costly mode of invoking the intervention of the Supreme Court. Mr. Buchanan said that was the first occasion he had Mt apon the bench with his brother magistrates eines they had reduced the penalties from £5 and £7 to £3 and £4 respectively for a first and second offence, and he did not approve of the change, as he eoaaidered that it deprived defendants of a remedy which the Aot pro- vided for. ' Tim foundation stone of the Parramatta Town Hall, in connection with the Council-chambers, was laid on Wednesday afternoon last by the Mayor of the borough, in tho presence of a number of ratepayers. The ex Mayor, on behalf of the subscribers, presented hil "Worship with a mallet as a memento of the occasion. The new hall will be 87 feet long, 37 feet wide, and 23 feet high, and will comfortably accommodate a luge. audience. Mr. H. Coates ia the contractor, the con- tract price being £4491 19s. lOd. ; and Masara. Mans field Brothers are the architects. A oknebai holiday was yesterday observed by ou Jewish citizens, it being, according to their calendar, New Year's Day-the first day of the month Tieri, in the year 5643. The day is known in the Jewish < Church as the Feast of Rosh Haaa, and worship wai t accordingly held in the Synagogue in the morning, ta« » building being to greatly erowded that member« Lad to' ' stand in the lack of sitting accommodation. The musical .> portion of theservke rendered hythe ohoirwasexeellahtly > well given, and the éloquent aaranou preaeheA by the , Rabbi on the theme « What ia Lita r" waa listened to most attentively. This day weak the great religions > rite of the year-the Fast of the Atonement-will be . observed. Yesterday all ti» places of awnesa «na* . ducted by the members of the Jewish religion were closed, and in the afternoon very general alga« of '? pleasure-making were observad, many little family parties and groups of friends being aees departing by tram for the suburbs where, no doubt, the hann inn pleasantly apeat, and thoa ushered in by general if- *, joicing, it auy be hoped the yent witt peoye adaed * h happy one. Tan employees in the traffic eeetioa of theBaflwar and Tramway Departments, yesterday, held their « annual picnic, the eoene of Hie lwrry-meklngi being K Manto. Between the hoon of 9 aadlOo'etoek iav (he ' morning, three trains crowded with the employées, their wires and chfldreo, left the Sydaey .*." tien, and from the stations beyond Minto «the* trains brought a farther complement of exearr eioaiata down the une. At the ptotataMng granad there were aporta, running and jumping for prises, cricket,rounders, &c; dancing to the añafe of a full <. band, and all the various means to enable thoa» present to thoroughly enjoy themselves. The Sydney portion. "> of the paatauckers, returning to the etty by trains leaving fresa 4 to 5 o'clock in the afternoon, ftarialfctd up the day by a bau in the old Exhibition boüdfsg. On the 26th instant the officer» of ti» railway .*<» tramway departmenta will commemorate the opening of the Great Southern and Western lines-of railway - by a picnic at Botany. The following ia a further list of the teachers who passed the recent examination, with their elaafiflna tion:-Class II, Section A: Misa A. J. »ehe« (infants), Yam. Mr. John Cole, MHatweHaroekO. SU Ossa IL, Section B: 'Cha*. B.Kead_ ToongC. B.; E. B. Cragg, Roughit ; Patrick Campbell, TintonhnU ; E. B. Steinbeck, Moonan Flat; E. D. Saw« eett, SaKsbury; Miss Jane Lynch, Fishery Oraekv Class LIL, Section A: James Meldrum, Felled Timber Greek; A. Moore. Ravensworth; W. Guilfoyle, Wa* wellbrook R. 0.*, A. Storey, Kayuga; J. Davey,' Oom- ' bury Park ; N. Govett, Camdon Haven. 8. A' Egging, Nambo«»; A. J. Kilgour, Brombin; Min E. M. , Fitzpatrick (asaiitant), Port Macquarie; E. Gb Wilson, Willow Tree; W. J. Banks, Burrill; Clam III., Section B: E. G. Williams, Woodonga; J. Carleton, Two-mile Creek; Mrs. Sarah Harris, Mount Pleasant; Miss E. M'Cully, Upper Hunter; G. H. Hodgson, Sherwood; A.A-Morris, Bamarang. Class III, Section C: Miss Mary Boche, Good Hope; Mias E. Fletcher, Cudgell Creek; W. J. Irwin, Bulla Creek; Miss B. M. Trainor, Fisher's Creak; > Miss L. Whyte, Button ; Miss T. Gleeson, Deep Creek ; < " J. W. S. Campbell, Lower Belford ; Misa R. M. Lynch; u Rix Creek; Misa E. O'Donnell, Howe's Valley ; Miss A. Maclean, Eling Forest; Thoa. Chittick. Argyle; o Henry D. Frazer, Mandemar, H. T. \ A case came before the City Coroner yesterday which presented such a grave aspect of foul play that he ordered the person to whom circumstances appeared to point as the one concerned in the act into custody on suspicion of having committed murder. The case was that of the inquiry into the cause of the death of Elizabeth Armstrong, found drowned in the water of Darling Harbour, at the foot of Fortescue-street, Glebe. John Yard, a slater, deposed that he, in company with a member of the Permanent Force named Hamlet Miller, had on Tuesday evening seen the deceased walking in the mud to the left of the point. In answer to a question from him she said, " I am looking for water deep enough to drown myself in." After some further conversation Yard stated that he left the woman, and with his companion went to the Ancient Briton Hotel. It was proved by the testimony of other witnesses that Yard had on Tues- day evening been seen with the deceased walking across a paddock towards the water, that he had no companion other than the woman, that neither he nor Miller had visited the Ancient Briton Hotel, and that screams thought to be the expression of the words, "Oh, murder" had been heard on Tuesday evening from the direction where the body of the deceased was found next morning. The evidence of the man Hamlet Miller was to the effect that on the night in question he was drunk. He had no recollection what ever of having been in Yard's company on Tuesday night, but had only known him since Wednesday morning. Taking into consideration the suspicion aroused by this testimony, the coroner stated that he would adjourn the inquest to Tuesday, the 19th instant to enable the police to obtain further evidence, and in the meantime he ordered Yard to be taken into custody by the police on suspicion of having committed murder. A report of the inquest appears elsewhere. On Wednesday afternoon the body of a child nomad' Leslie Thornby, aged 3 yean and 6 menthe, a aoa of. Mr. Frederick Thornby, of High-street. Botany, wa« found drowned in a wateroask at the rear of bia1 parents' residence. The child waa teen a few mian toa r before by his mother in the yard, and near the' «wir« ' which stood on the ground, the top being open, and. standing about 2 feet 6 inches high, and oontamiag «alf about 5 inches in depth of water. The ease has bee» reported to the coroner« who will hold aa Ingaa* thii morning. , , ( Amono the deaths notified Ia oat e&rmti;áng columns yesterday waa that of Mr. Joba SoattMb aged 78 yean, which took plaoe at Penrith oa to« 0» instant Forty years ago Mr. Hooking OMBpUd. * T«*, ' prominent position, for he was thoa Mayor of Sydatrf, ^ and a member of the mercantile firm of BagMi Mt Hosking, which at one time waa doing ptôaaà , the largest busineei in the colony, Ifot «al/ was Mr. Hosking Mayor of tola 0U7, hal M enjoyed the additional distinction of biisg tair first Mayor. Under the Act by whioa tM ettie» ^ of Sydney and Melbourne were Inoorpotated Sydney was divided into eix wards, each of Which elooted four councilmen. Those oonncUmeh «¡felled from amongst their own body or thoottbene at larg«" an alderman for eaoh ward, and the Mayor wa» ?bert ehoaen by both the councilmen and aldersea, The first municipal election took plaoe in Sydney in November, ,1842, and Mr, Hosking, who wa» elected aiderman fot Bourke Ward, was appointed to fill the office of Ma/or, The aldermen in the council at the Ume,w«t«,»if.., Robert Owen, who represented Gippe Ward. Mi." George Allen, representing Brisbane Ward; JÍlr, J, Ii, Wilshire, alderman for Phillip Ward ; Mr, ïbetrMU Broughton, who represented Macquarie Wari j tute Mr. Francis Mitchell, who was alderman lot CpdÏ Ward. During the time that Mr. Hosking oeeuplftl the civic chair he carried out the dntleè of hi« ofíün with credit to himeelf and aatisfactioa to the ú'.i^m¡ but he was not in office longer than fix .rnntltf. Um, iu consequence of some financial difficulties connectai with his business, he resigned. Many of the ima fttltti ' or posts which mark the boaadartea of the wsWg into which the etty waa dtvidsl «till leaf his name. Aa far back aa 1835 thi fa* «4 Hughes and Hooking were général meühiiti and millers. They were proprietor* of (hi Albion mills, which, in 1888, were destroyed hy five, end* they owned a fine fleet of whalers, trading from P«ni Jackson. Some time after the daafcaerJoa of the1 Albion mUla the firm wai dissolved, ead Ms. __fa*_aa ¡ retired into ornate life. Ha built iba ia« _pftaft¿A Boss Bay known as Cawarra, where be resided for many years, but afterwards, and for sometime previous to his death, he lived at Penrith. The result of tho Jolimont railway accident is thus summed up by the Argus :-"A loss in killed and wounded equivalent to that of tho British fleet at tho bombardment of Alexandria ; tbo payment of £50,0U0 in direct damages ; tho expenditure of twico that amount indirectly ; tho sacrifico of the profits of the lino for the year-all brought about, as the roport says, by the breaking of a wheel-tire, ' such tiro being both unsound and dangerous.' *' It appears that an attempt is about to bo made by tho Home Government to divett (he stream of emigra- tion from Ireland (now flowing to America; to Australia. This mattor came before the Legislativo Assembly of Victoria on Tuesday last, whon (as stated in the Agc) Mr. Patterson gavo notico of his intention Dn the following day " to call the attention of the Premier to a statement iu the public press, that his Excellency had received a communication from tho home authorities disclosing a echóme for the whole- sale deportation of Irish immigrants to tho Australian colonies, with the co- operation of tho sevoral Agents Goneral, and will ask whether he is in possession of any details, and what ndvico ho is propnrcd to givo to his Ëxoellenoy and to Mr. Murray Smith on the subject" The Premier immediately arose and etated that he had received tho following telegram from tho Governor of South Australia:-''Following telegram received by me to-day from Lord Kimberley, « Pro- posed immigration committee, undor recent Irish legis- lation, will confer Agent and inform Governors.' " Beyond that, however, the Government had no further Information whatever. Mr, Patterson said that, if necessary, he would table a motion that it was most undesirable to encourage such a class of immigrants as those proposed, and it was ovident from tho marks of approval it gave the feeling of the House was with him. i It is stated that the now military organisation for Austria'resolved on in the conference under tho presi- dency of the Emperor, which must yet bo approved by Parliament, has been well received by tho peoplo at large. The presont system of army centralization will bo abolished. The army will bo divided into lifteen territorial-corps, as in the German system. Instead of 80 i infantry regiments, there are to be 102 stationed whore they are recruited. Every regiment is to have four battalions instead of five. One battalion is to be always ready for garrison earvico in Bosnia, Herze- govina, Dalmatia, and in tho largo towns and fortresses. The new organization will al--o provide Hungary with technical corps, which sho has long doired. Tho Con- stitutional patty's leading organ, common ti n g on the new organisation, expiesaes fours that it will cause extra expense without making tlip army moro effective. The idea of the now organization arobO out of the difficult ios caused through the mobilisation of the rceorves, which became necessary to suppress tho insurrection. A Girr.srvs- papor reports from Alexandria that Arabi Pasha r has ordered tho life of Napoleon I. to bo translated into Arabic ; and at a recent mooting of his friends ho ¡»»iii with o.npliasis: " Napoleon ia my model. -I will« do what that great man did ; nay, I will do moro-I will found an Arabiun F.tnpiro." Ho . endeavours to-gain tho reputation of a prophet among the peoplo ,by frequently quoting the Koran, and spreading reports of his haviug had familiar conversa- tions during tho night with the ghost of Mahomet. On the 20th of Juno, as he was on his way to tho mosque, ho.sudilenly stopped and started as if ho were seeing a vision ; thon he stamped his foot on tho ground, and declared that a gun had been buried there. His followers attorwards had excavations made on tho spot, and a gun was really found some feet below tho surface.. TriERE is (eays the Patt Mall Gazelle), something particularly edifying in the attitude of M. do Lesseps as the champion of "the rights of the Egyptian people," and in the regrets that he expresses at tho interference of foreign nations with tho internal administration of Eiypt. That this inti rt'urenoo has been excessive and ill-managed, and that tho rights of the Egyptian people have been too often rudely ignored, cannot bo denied. But talk of this sort has a curious sound on the lips of the great concessionnaire, who, not many months ago, was imporiounjy bullying tho Egyptian Government becauso thoy would not let him interpret concessions according to his own good pleasure. The worthy deputation who interviewed M. de Lesseps should not forget that he is a Fieuch man, and that the Fronuh party in Egypt has constantly coquetted with the army against the Khedive, because the Khedive is supposed to bo English. 