NEW ZEALAND. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) WELLINGTON, MARCH 30.: The past month has been a very quiet one all over the colony, socially and politically in fact, with the exception of election petition cases, now all decided, there has been nothing of political interest stirring at all. The most interesting of the election cases was that of Wanganui, where Mr. John Ballance, ex Treasurer of the Grey Government, sought to unseat Mr. Watt, who, at the General Election, defeated him by some three votes. Mr.. Ballance is a man of note and ability, Mr. Watt a nonentity, and Mr. Ballanco'a presence in the House was as urgently desired by the party he belongs to, as it was feared by the party which will command Mr. Watt's vote The contest in the Election Court, therefore, was watched with great interest throughout the colony. The case was heard before Chief Justice Prendergast and Judge Gillies, and Mr. Stout, who had been Mr. Jlollanco's colleague as Attorney-General of the Grey Ministry, led for the petitioner. The grounds chiefly relied on were intimidation, and it was pretty plainly proved that a leading member of Mr. Watt's committee had threatened several tradesmen that if they voted for Mr. Ballance the 70 or 80 members of Mr. Watt's committee would keep their eyes on them, and withdraw their custom. The Judges, however, held that even allowing a threat of this kind was made, it would not amount to intimidation, and so Mr. Bal- lance lost his case, and Mr. Watt retains his seat. The decision in this case contrasts somewhat singularly with the exceeding severe justice meted ft 91 1 to aMr 0 "GâUj;**" particulars of which I gave in my last letter. Two other petitions, in regard to the Wallace and Franklyn districts have also been heard. In the first the election of Mr. Daniels was upheld, although it is not as yet by any means certain that he will keep the seat, for he is at present under committal for trial on a charge of improperly attesting, a claim to vote. In the Franklyn case the election was declared void, owing to irregularity on the part of the returning officer, and so Major Harris, the Opposition whip, is out in the cold. Altogether, the Judges have unseated three members on petition, two of them being Oppositionists, and one a Government supporter. The new writs, however, cannot be issued until Parliament meets, as the Judges only report their decisions to the House, and it remains with it to give effect to the verdict. All the three seats are sure to be warmly contested, and active canvassing is already going on, as Parliament is to meet for despatch of business on the 18th of next month. It is understood that the Ministerial programme for the session will be a very important, although not a very new or varied one. The chief item will be a new Loan Bill, for, it is believed, five millions, and attached to it will be a school of the works intended to be constructed with the money However unanimous the House may be about * borrow- ing the money, there is certain to be a wide diversity of opinion as to the spending of it, and if the Government proposals come down early in the session, there is not likely to be very much time left for the due consideration of the question of Local Government, the Hospitals and Charitable Aid Bill, and the Judicature Reform Bill, which, it is understood, will form the 1 other chief items of the bill of fare provided for the new Parliament. The first contest of the session is expected over the appointment of chan- man of committees, the late chairman, Mr. Seymour, having failed to secure a seat. For this snug olííco the Government intend to nominate Mr. James Fulton, member for Taieri, a very respectable and intelligent man. who has had considerable experience as a resident magistrate, but who has not sat long enough in the House to acquire any exhaustive knowledge of Parliamentary law or procedure. Against him the Opposition will probably run Mr. J. W. Thompson, also an Otago member, who was Minister of Lands in the Grey Government. Mr. Thompson is an old member of the House, and was for some time Chairman of Committees in the Otago Provincial Council. LTi fairly understands the work, but is in every other respect greatly Mr. Fulton's inferior, and' even on their personal merits apart from any party issue, I do not think Mr. Thompson will have a ghost of a chance. It is quite impossible as yet to predict how parties will stand; and the result of the three elections to come will not improbably have a considerable effect on the question ; but the opponents of the Ministry, bon over numerous, are as sheep without a shepherd. They have no leader; they have no common bond of union and there is no one amongst them who, so far as it is possible to judge, possesses the qualifications of a leader, or who would be able to rally round him anything really worthy the name of a party. We have certainly had enough of voting to do within the past six months the annual elections of mayors in the municipalities ; the election of the new House of Representatives and the choice of licensing committees, having all followed close one upon the other. Now the ratepayers in each licensing district are being called on to vote whether there may or may not be any increase within the next three years in the number of licenses within the district. In this, as in the election of the licensing committees, the bulk of the ratepayers seem to take very little interest, and the. I result of the polls will, use the result of the elections, probably be very disappointing to the extreme temperance and local option party. There is every indication that in most of the districts the majority of the rates: payers will decide to leave the question of new licenses in the hands of the licensing committees, to decide on the merits of each application. Harvest in the south is now fairly over, and if through drought and high winds the yield has in quantity been disappointing, the quality of the grain is said to be very line, and prices are ruling higher than they have done for years past. The farmers, therefore, are not altogether disheartened. In Canterbury, two of the largest grain buying firms, Royse, Stead, and Co., and Cunningham and Co., have recently formed their business into a great limited liability concern with a large capital. This has been successfully floated at home, and its operations are likely to prove very beneficial to agricultural interests. In Southland the farmers have gone in for a co-operative grain export company, by which they hope to pocket the profits and interests absorbed by middlemen. The grain export from Lyttelton this year is likely to 60 very large, and freights will be very low indeed. Last week there were no less than twenty-two large ships unloading, loading, and waiting to load in Lyttelton, while the railway was being taxed to its utmost power in bringing down grain from the country districts, The agricultural statistics for the whole of the southern counties are not yet made up ; but the following have been published. In the Canterbury counties of Ashburton, Selwyn, Ashley, and Akaroa, the estimated yields are Ashburton wheat, 1,459,038 bushels; oats, 414,111 buShels ; barley, 112,819 bushels ; potatoes, 1072 tons. Ashley [wheat, 615 482 bushels; oats, 309,101 bushels; barley, 39,037 bushels ; potatoes, 985? tons, Selwyn wheat, 1,00, 375 bushels ; oats, 000,710 bushels; barley, 108,772 bushels ; potatoes, 15,013 tons. Akaroa-wheat, 43,575 bushels; oats, 13,901 bushels barley, 7255 bushels ; potatoes, 290 tons. These four counties do not represent one-half the cultivated land of Canterbury alone. Turning from agriculture to mining it is satisfactory to note that there being a revival letting-in in regard this industry. Within the last few weeks a discovery has been made at Woodstock, near Hokitika, which promises important results, and a kind of mild rush has set in. The ground is a large alluvial flat, and several claims have bottomed on good washdirt, giving fair prospects of coarse shotty gold. The sinking is pretty deep, from 40 to 90 foot, but the lead is believed to be an extensive one, and there is plenty of ground for a large population, As yet, however, it has not been tested sufficiently to determine the true value of the discovery. A large number of claims have of course been pegged out, and a thorough lost will soon be made, for a considerable number of parties are vigorously at work, Further up the West Coast, at the West Wanganui Inlet, some very rich quartz, has recently been obtained in a claim which has been steadily worked for upwards of a year past with payable results, by a small party of working shareholders. Al. Jtoefion several claims continue to yield good di is dead, and even at the Thames mining prospects are a good deal brighter than they were a short time ago. A new era in our railway history is being inaugurated by the Wellington Manawatu Railway Company, formed under an Act passed last session to encourage the 00 , a-; land grants to the extent of one-third of the cost of con- attraction. The company named has been formed under this Act for the purpose of undertaking the formation of a line from Wellington to Palmerston, in the Manawatu district, where it will join the present Government Uno to Wanganui, and thence (with a slight break) to (Taranaki. This Manawatu line was included in the Original public works scheme of as part of the North Island main trunk line, and some £6,000 or £70,000 has already been expended by Government in the formation of a portion of it. Various political intrigues and influences, however, led to the work being (Stopped, and the line practically abandoned by the Government, one of the excuse being that it ran for a considerable distance through Native lands, which the Government were unable to acquire. As soon as the Act of last session passed, the people of Wellington determined to construct the line under it for themselves, and the company was floated with a capital (nominal) of £500,000, in share-, of £5 each. Ten thousand shares were immediately taken up as a start, and thou negotiations were opened with the Govern- ment, resulting in the contract by which the company undertakes the work having been signed last week. The Government have given the company all the work already done, and the right to reclaim some eight or ten acres of very valuable land from this harbour, in addition to land to the extent of one-third the estimated cost of the railway. This land has been duly surveyed, valued, and allocated, and will be handed over to the company in sections, as each £100,000 Worth of work is done. While the negotiations were going on the Government also gave the company power to deal direct with the native owners of the land along the line, and in this the company have been most stressful. Employing Dr. Butler and Mr. A. Mac the GovèrhTftBlfi, stoW UP-.ä few months done what have at a very low price purchased nearly the \viVtftYj of the Native land abutting on the proposed line. The extent is considerable, and most of the land of fine quality. It is by no means improbable that a sufficient profit will accrue from these Native land purchases to pay the whole cost of constructing the 80 miles of railway. It was at first intended to go to the London market to float the company fully, but as soon as the very favourable terms made with the Government and the (natives became known it became evident that the whole is the required money could be raised locally. The amount required is estimated at £300,000, and it is only intended to issue shares to this extent. The share-list does not close until the 17th April, but already upwards of £250 000 worth of shares have been applied for, and applications are literally pouring in. The maximum number which can be hold is 2000 shares, and a number of our leading capitalists have applied for this Slumber. The work of construction is to commence immediately. The line will open up to profitable occupation an immense area of splendid country, and will probably soon enable Wellington to rival even Lyttelton as a port of export. Two of our newspapers have within the last few weeks been transferred from individual ownership to joint stock companies. They are the Thames Advertiser, which has been sold to a company for £5000, and the Timaru Herald, Sold by Sir. Belfield for £10,000. The exhibition which opens in Christ Church on Easter Monday promises to be an immense success, Its size will greatly exceed the original design, and it is said that even yet applications for space are pouring in by cable from Europe. Messrs. Joubert and Twopenny are, however, tired of going on enlarging, and do not see their way to keeping it open long enough to enable fresh exhibits to arrive They have shown wonderful enterprise and energy in getting the affair up. The action by Mr. Hunt, of Samoan notoriety, against Sir Arthur Gordon as Lord High Commissioner is advancing its latest phase, being an application by defendant for a commission to take evidence in Samoa, and for an extension of two months to plead to the declaration. Both requests were granted. The issue is, looked forward to with much interest. Sir Arthur is now residing with his family at his private residence in Christchurch, and it is said is only prevented by this pending action from going to England on leave for twelve months, his application for the leave having been granted. Mr. Hunt, it is said, contemplates instituting a second action in the Court of Queen's Bench in England when Sir Arthur returns to England. Messenger, the Victorian oarsman, has sustained a most hollow defeat at the hands of our New Zealand champion, Hearn. The match was rowed on Saturday last, under the most favourable circumstances, but from start to finish it was evident that Messenger was hopelessly overmatched. Hearn was really never called on to pull, but still he did the three and a-half miles in 2 minutes 57 seconds ICBB time than he took over it when he defeated Albert White in the last champion ship match over the same course. Hearn came in fresh as a daisy, Messenger apparently done up. There was very little betting on the match, as no one could be found to back Messenger. The latter at the settling up made a kind of apology for coming down under an assumed name ; admitted he had been fairly treated under the circumstances, and said that Hearn was not only a better oarsman than himself, but second to none at present in Australia. 