? Mr. George Muller has for some time past been laid aside by illness at Bristol. The Henry Wright Church Missionary memorial steamer is now being built at Blackwall, and it is hoped in a few months will be at her African station. The Bev. James A. Spurgeon, minister of the Croydon Baptist Chapel, and brother of the Rev, C. II. Spurgeon, of the Metropolitan Tabernacle, was married recently to Miss Nellie Withers, of Beading. The congregation of Bedland-park Congregational Church, Bristol, have presented the Bev. Urijah Thomas with a cheque for £1,000, on the occasion of the twentieth anniversary of his pastorate. The Beviscrs of the Old Testament have made so much progress that their work will certainly be finished in a few more months. Indeed, there is even some probability that the Bevised Old Testament may be ready for publication by the close of next year. There is some commotion in clerical circles at Cambridge owing to the Rev. J. E. B. Mayor, Professor of Latin at the University, having preached a sermon in St. Peter's-street Primitive Methodist Chapel. Ti e learned professor lias recently identilied himself with the Good Templars. An important meeting of London Congregationn v 3ts was held at the Memorial Ilall, to consider the work of church extension in London. Mr. S. Morley, M.P., who presided, promised £5,000 towards the object in view, Mr. J. Spiccr, J.P., £2,500, and amounts by other gentlemen brought up the total to over £14,000. It is said when the Court of Appeal meets in November, one of the appeals to be heard will be the Grecian Theatre case, in which Mr. Justice Kay refused to grant an injunction to restrain General Booth from using the theatre for Salvation Army purposes. The Lord's Day Observance Society had 690 manuscripts sent in in competition for £200 offered in prizes for twenty sermons on specified texts. The adjudicators have made their award ; though no London clergyman is in the list, except the Bev. M. Fuller, M.A., of St. Paul's, East Moulsey, who takes £20 for two discourses. In connection with the opening of the handsome new U.P. Church, Greenbank, Greenock, on Sunday, the sum collected at the three diets amounted to £316 lGs. 4d, The edifice has cost over £5,000. The style is Gothic. At the private meeting of the Presbytery of Glasgow, Dr. Lang's motion, that a committee be appointed to confer with other Churches for combined action in reaching that proportion of the population alienated from the ordinances of the Christian Church, was carried by twelve votes to nine. Teetotal lives have received a new testimony. The Briton Life Association has, largely through the influence of Dr. B. W. Richardson, its deputy-chairman, offered to teetotalers a reduction of 10 per cent, from their annual premiums. The memorial-stone of this year's now chapel, to winch the London Baptist Association subscribes £1,000, in accordance ivith its annual custom of assisting to erect a chapel, was laid by the president, the Bev. T. Vincent Tymms, in the Seven Sisters-road. The edifice will be called Woodbury Down Chapel, and when completed will accommodate 950 worshippers. Includin the site, the total cost will reach £8,960. At the Autumnal Session of the Congregational Union, held at Bristol, Dr. Hannay made a statement as to the progress of the Jubilee Fund. The total amount received up to 30th September was £180,000, of which over £160,000 was yet left unappropriated. Large though the total seemed, however, it was explained that it fell short of the sum desired by £20,000, though Dr. Hannay stated that sums of £1,000 and upwards were being sent in at frequent intervals. The following sums have been contributed inconnection with the Leeds Wesleyan Mission anniversary, viz:— Collection at the Sunday services, £174 10s. 2d. ; public meeting in Oxford-place Chapel, Moncla- £276 12s. 10d. ; public meeting at Brunswick Cliapelj Tuesday, £745 9s. 2d.; the sermon by the Bev. Dr. Stoughton, at Oxford-place, £102 12s. lOd.; public breakfast meeting, Wednesday, £42 10s.; ladies bazaar, Brunswick Booms, £218 6s. lOd.; making a total of £1,560 Is. lOd. Dr. H. Sehou, of Copenhagen, is engaged in translating a number of Mr. Spurgeon's sermons into Danish. They have been selected witli a view to providing an appropriate discourse for all Sundays, festivals, and holy days of the Danish ecclesiastical year. The following is an extract from a letter recently received by Mr. Spurgeon from the widow of the murdered President of the United States:—"It is a choice treasure from my storehouse of beautiful memories that I sat beside General Garfield in the Metropolitan Tabernacle, one bright summer Sunday morning (August 4th, 1867 s and listened to your voice. I have this morning re-read from his journal his account of that day. A sentence from it may interest you. After describing very fully his impressions of the great audience, of the preacher, and of the sermon he closes thus :—' God bless Spurgeon! He is helping to work out the problem of religious and civil freedom for England in a way that he knows not of.'" Mr. James Lee, late of Clapham Common, by his will has bequeathed legacies to the following chari'table or religious societiesTo the Church Missionary Society for Africa and the East and the British and Foreign Bible Society, £100 each; and to the Church Pastoral Aid Society, the Beligious Tract Society, the London City Mission, the London Society for Promoting Christianity amongst the Jews, the Soc-Vty for Irish Church Missions to the Roman Catholics, and the Church of England Scripture Headers' Association £50 each. At the resumed sitting of the Church Congress, on Thursday last, says the Christian Globe, a curious incident followed the reading by the Bishop of Lincoln of a paper on " The Controversy with Rome." Permission was given to the Rev. Father Ignatius to speak, and in the course of his remarks he snid that, for himself, lie would rather listen to a Primitive Methodist minist r who had been in the Holy Ghost school, and had Christ in his heart, than to University dons who had never yet realised our Saviour. The Bev. Geo. W. McCree has furnished sonic startling statistics relative to the amusements of Lon''«n. We learn from these carefully ascertained statistics ' at under the Crown there are two patent theatres—namel\, Covent-garden and Drury-lane—each holding 4,000 persons. The Lord Chamberlain bestows a license on a forty-five theatres, which seat 80,000 persons. The divisional magistrates give licenses to ten other theatres which hold 38,100 individuals. The Middlesex magistrates have power to license 347 music-halls, with f accommodation for 136,700 people. Think of them smoking, drinking, and listening to comic 6ongs, mostly of a low moral tone, night after night! The Surrey magistrates can license sixty-one music-halls, to which 32,800 pleasure seekers may resort. The City of London contains two licensed and five unlicensed places of amusement, holding 5,000 persons. The total attendance i a c m D at the places mentioned amounts to 302,000 every night. The significant import of these figures stands out more fully and more alarmingly when contrasted with the week-night attendances at places of religious worship. Mr. B ram well Booth, the Chief of the Staff under General Booth, was married recently, says the Primitive Methodist, at the Congress Hall, Clapton, and the occasion was turned to account in raising the wind. There was a strange display of uniform and musical instruments. Salvation wedding songs were sung, and, for witnessing all this, 6omc five thousand persons paid a shilling each. General Booth makes everything turn, in the penny. It is not every man who would liavo thought of raising £250 by moans of his son's wedding, or even if he had thought of it, would have ventured on the experiment. Nothing venture, nothing win, so thought General Booth, and he ventured and won £250. 