THE GHOST OF THE LATE CZAR. f A foreign correspondent of one of our 2 contemporaries recently noticed the rumoured apparition of the late Czar. In the last number of Light, a journal de- s voted to the interests of "Spiritualists a and other students of occult sciences." the following particulars are given, trans lated from a letter from St. Petersburg, E published in a German paper, Licht mchr r Licht :--"For some days past there has I been current, in this city a wonderful r report, which your incredulity would pre vent my repeating to you were it not that it is increasingly prevalent in the highest circles of Society, and is thus instructive as characteristic of the Russian Court. It is, that the dead Emperor appears every night in the Casan Cathedral. One of the watchers there is said to have first seen him, and to have forthwith reported it to the senior priest. The latter watched one night, saw the same apparition, and mentioned it to his Bishop. The Bishop went to the church in the evening, and waited several hours before the high altar. Adjoining this is the so-called Emperor's door, through which only the Eniperor and the ecclesiastics have access to the altar ; and near the door is a picture of the Virgin, believed to have miraculous virtues, the tradition going that it was not made by the hands of man. It was for merly in Moscow, but when the French occupied that city it was removed to St. Petersburg, and afterwards placed in this church. It was one one of the most revered relics of the Russian Church, and is on closed in a gold frame, the jewels, dia monds, rubies, and emeralds of which re present a value of millions, (of roubles). :After waiting some hours, the Bishop was convinced that it was all imagination on the part of the watcher and the priest, when all at once the Emperor's door slowly opened, and the dead Emperor entered, dressed in full parade uniform, worn just as when he lay in the coffin. The Bishop advanced some steps to give him a benediction, but the Emderor mo. tioned him away with his hand, and step. ping up to the before-mentioned picture of the Virgin, knelt down before It and re mained for a long time absorbed in prayer; he then left the altar by the seae way by which he had come. I tell .ouf e'whole story as it is not only relate, entirely. believed, in the best society. In all social circles one hears of nothing but this ap parition, and the most extraordinary con clusions are quite seriously deduced from it. It is observeable that the Cathedral, byorder of the Metropolitan, isclosed from six o'clock in the evening, and no one ob. tains admission. The servitors of the Cathedral are strictly forbidden to indulge in conversation about the apparition." 