trans of $im$. Cruelty to Animals. — Mr. Colin Macaulay, the Hamilton agent of the Society for the Protection of AuimalgJ last wees came across a blacksmith in the act of horning ont, with a red-hot iron, the swel ling in a horses month called " lampas." I . JUOWVUiaj ICUIUUBUAICU tviui U1C UldU) who immediately desisted, and had be the blacksmith) not done so, a summons would have been issued against him at the instance of the Society, under the 23rd section of the Police Offences Statute. It appears that the Society for the Protection of Animals have obtained opinions from Mr. John Stewart, of Sydney, Mr. Charles Marson, of Mel bourne, and other veterinary surgeons, to the effect that the use of the hot iron by farriers and grooms in burning for the lampas is not only quite unnecessary, bat is extremely painful, and has never been saDctionedby any of the Veterinary Colleges of the United Kingdom, nor by any modern author in the English language. In fact, it is said there is no such disease as lampas, the prominence of the little pad behind the teeth of the upper jaw bein a provision of nature for the protection of the teeth of young horses, and being calculated to assist rather than to prevent the operation of eating. Frequently, say the veterinary Burgeons, they bave been vojitu upvu w ivi iaui|Kia w ucu « horse is suffering from some internal com plaint that deprives him of appetite for bis food j or when the animal is changing some of his back teeth, which causes his gums to be tender ; or when he has suddenly been taken from the pastures where he has been reared, and fed on hard diet to which he is unaccustomed. Taking testimony into consideration the Committee of the Society have authorised their Inspectors to prosecute any person who may hereafter be found " burning for lampas," but it is not stated whether they hare yet succeeded in securing any convictions. It may be that the disease and the operation are both of them a mere superstition, like the disorder called by our ancestors " Kings evil, 21 and the remedy of " touching." But in horse-doctoring it is hard to say where to draw the line between the exercise of a bona fide intention to benefit the animal, and the commission of cruelty which a court of Law might adjudge to be wilful torture. Political. — The Argus of Monday supplies the following : — It is hardly to be expected, notwithstanding the crowded state of the business-paper, that the Legislative Assembly will do much more this week than pass the Railway Construction Bill, which has at last reached its final stages. To morrow the House will be afforded an oppor tunity of reconsidering two lines which were previously struck out. viz,, the railway from Albert-park to Elwood, and the extension from Kerang to Swan hilL When previously discussed, the Elwood line was rejected withont a division, and the Swan-hill line was negatived by 31 votes to 23. The sup porters of the rival routes from Boort to Swan-hill and Kerang to Swan -hill have been talking of combining forces to carry a compromise line to suit both, but they have not yet come to terms. The Ballarat, Maryborough, Geelong, and other members representing districts served by the western and north-western railway system are interested only in connecting Boort with the settlements to the north-west of that locality, and are opposed to con necting with Kerang. Under these cir cumstances the Swan- bill extension will probably be negatived for a second time. Several new proposals, of which notice was given by Mr. Bent on Thursday last, will be moved. Direct communication will be pro vided between the Sandhurst line, just above Footecray, and \Villiamstown, to obviate the nf Lpincrinrr to finenc-er- sfcrep.fc produce, which is intended for shipment at the railway pier. The line from Dimboola to Tarranginnie is to be extended to the South Australian border. Provision will be made for the reclamation of the Koo-wee-rup swamp to create a special fund for the con struction of the Great Southern Railway from Cranbourne to Alberton. A short extension from Healesville to the sawmills above that township will be proposed. After these items 'have been voted upon; the Railway Construction Bill will have to be again recommitted, in order that certain verbal amendments rendered necessary by the latest alterations may be effected. An Invenhve Genius. — We Lave all beard of the "Ferrier wool press," the in vention of Mr. James Ferrier, junr., of Cole raine, and now it would seem that Mr. Ferrier's inv entive faculties bave again been put to good use. Among the prizes offered for competition at the Ballarat October Show- is £50 for a milking machine, capable of being worked by band or any other power, and judging by the subjoined letter to the secretary of the Baliarat Society. Mr. Ferrier has achieved another success, viz : — '"Salt Pans, Coleraine, 5tli September, 1SS2. Mr. Simon Morrison, Dear Sir, — In looking over your programme of prizes for the Exhibition I notice that you offer a prize ot £50 for a milking machine. I first thought it was impossible to manufacture such a machine, but after a time I found ont a grand idea. It is both simple and cheap, and will milk from one cow to twenty cows, or as many as may be desired at once. It will also take the milk from the cow as fast as the cow will let it come. The machine can be worked by cither hand, steam, or any other power, and one machine will last for years. Will yon be so kind as to let me know if there is anyone in Ballarat who would be willing and able to undertake its manufacture and sale. Tbe cost af the first machine, I am sure, wonld not exceed £10, and after that, for milking one cow at a time, 25s or 30s, and for milking more not so much per cow. If there are any firms at Ballarat who would be willing to go into it, I should be glad to hear from them. — Yours since rely, — Jjures FrcneiEK, junr." We also learn that Mr. D. task of manufacturing one of the above ; machines, and may add, that Mr. Ferrier is also the inventor of a reaper and binder, and wire strainer. Another Comet. — This would really appear to be " a comet 'year,"' On Saturday morning tbe passengers by the coach from Casterton to Hamilton had a splendid view, for close upon an bour, of a new comet which has appeared in the eastern sky. They describe the noclens as having been exceedingly bright, and unusually bright, and the tail, ap parently, about six feet in length, but really extending onwards for about three degrees. This celestial visitor was noticed by residents of Melbourne, Sydney, and Bris bane, and the Telegraph says : — "Consider able interest will attach to this comet, as ft is thought not improbable by astronomers that tbe great comet of 1812 may return rtiic year. This visitor may turn ont to be the one looked for." The comet was seen again yesterday morning, and will again be visible to-day. Sheep Prizes. — Two of the special rrizes the gift of Messrs. M. D. Synnot Bros.) won at the recent Fas to ml ana Agri cultural show by Messrs. Christie Bros., of Byadnk, are now- exhibited in Messrs. FarroH and Son's window. That given for the best long-woolled ram over two years takes the the shape of a claret-jog embossed with figures around the bowl, and relieved by gilt beaded rings atthe shoulder and base, with cover aud handle to match. The cop chosen for the best long-woolled ram over 20 months (grass-fed and shewn by the owner of less than 3000' slreep), ' is a shallow bowL-shaped vessel, standing on a black marble pedestal - The repovsst work oh ibis cup efahds est in bold relief front a doll ground, from whence spring the twisted rustic handles on each side. Each prize is appro, priately , engraved with the names of the donors and conditions of competition. We pongmtolate Messrs. Christie Broe- oatbtir Tenders will be received at tbe j Public Works office, np to noon on Sept. j 21st., for a new police stable and forage store j at Cavendish. Also np to noon on 2Sth | Sept., for a pontoon for dredging operations ; at Belfast. The Land Act.— Applications, ap- approved. licenses sec. 19. — A Dyson, Broadwater ; C. M 'Combe junr., Nangeela ; T. Cawker, Werrikoo ; J. Emerson, Drik- Drik. Leases sec. 20.— M. Lewis, Woohl- pooer ; J. Robertson, Condah ; J. White. Boikerbert ; A A Tyers, Wonwondah. Grants sec. 20.— W. N. Neville, extr., of W. XBIU, Macarthur. Sec. 4. — H. Bea, Cara- mnt. Another long list of licensees in airear appears in the Gazette. The Bochaba Cutting Again. — accident occurrea ax xananoconousiy dangerous place, on the Coleraine road, on Saturday evening, by which Mr. Coe, of the Victoria Hotel, broke his left collar-bone and sustained other injuries, from which he will not recover for some time to come. It was the old story, the night was dark, the buggy, in which were Mr. Dannon and Mr. Gwney, got on to a sidling, Mr. Gafiney jumped out. and Mr. Coe was pitched out with the result above mentioned. The trap thus lightened, did not capsize, and Mr. Dannon, being able to keep his seat, was uninjured. Surely no time will now be lost in guarding against further accidents, or loss of ufe may attend the next one, and then the cry will be " who would have thought it ?" The Coleraine Athletic Contest. — The match between the two athletes, Neaves and Ryan. at Coleraine, on Saturday, resulted in a complete Jtasco in so far that Heaves did not possess the ghost of a show of winning. It struck many, when they heard of "the stranger,4' Ryan, being so ready to make a match with a known athlete like Neaves, that he must be some thing out of the common, and so it proved. Indeed, if all that is said about him be true, he must be a wonder, not only as an athlete, but also at humbugging. He won the running events with consummate ease, then let Neaves win the hop, step, and jump, and running long jump, apparently to bring np tbe excitement to concert pitch. This done, he boldly offered to lay long odds on by this time Neaves7 friends had 41 smelt a rat," and refused to nibble at the tempting offers made. Neaves then cleared 5ft. linM but failed at 5ft. 2in., which Ryan cleared with the greatest ease. It is now reported that his giving in to Neaves in tbe hop, step, and jump event w as a bit of humbug, ana that had the money depended upon that event alone he could have astonished the natives by clearing 48 feet, or 2 feet more than ever bis opponent did in public. Also that 6ft. will not stop him in a running high jump contest. Stories are also afloat to the effect that Ryan is not tbe only name under which he has competed, but, of course, this is only surmise, when he stripped on Saturday he showed that he was in the pink of con dition, and, as one of the onlookers puts it, " the beau ideal of an athlete." Whether Ryan is or is not his name, all seem to agree that he is one of the very best men that ever toed a scratch or tiled to jump in Vic toria. Just such a man, in fac£ that it would pay to take home and nominate for a Sheffield handicap, or any of the big events of the kind that are constantly being decided in England. A well- written account of the Coleraine affair is supplied by our correspondent. Football. — On Saturday for the first time on record, the Portland Collegians and the Hamilton Academicians, met in friendly rivalry on the football ground. As the challenge emanated from tbe sea-eiders, the match was, of course, played in Hamil ton, and the scene of the contest was the Friendly Societies' Reserve. On their arrival by the mid-day the visitors were welcomed at the station by Mr. James Begg and his merry, merry boys, driven away up to the Academy in Lindsay's grand bus, and there entertained by Mr. and. Mrs. Begg. After lunch, an adjournment was made to the reserve, where no more time than necessary was lost in preliminaries, and the game commenced. No sooner did the teams race each other than it appeared to be a fore gone conclusion that the Academicians would have it all their own way, as they were older and very much heavier til an their opponents. So the sequel proved, the " nridshipmites " played an uphill game throughout with un daunted pluck, but, to nee a sporting term, " they were never in it." Boldly did their captain, Dyte Scott, lead the van, gallantly did their friend and teacher. Mr. James, defend the coal, hut speed, weight. and skill told their inevitable tide, the ball seldom, if ever, got beyond tbe centre of the ground, and the Fortianders had to return home defeated, but most cer tainly not disgraced. Altogether the Academicians kicked 13 goals (the Portland umpire said 15), and 21 behinds to nil , tbe goal kickers being Sutherland (4), Cameron (3), Bromfield, J. MLeUan, IL H'Lellan, J. Rippon, C. Younger and W. Younger 1 each. The captain of tbe home team was D. Cameron, and those who most distinguished themselves were, for Portland, Capt. D. Scott, S. Archer and D. James, and for the Academy, Sutherland. D. Cameron), H. M'LeUan, C. Younger, Carter, and last, but not least, Mr. Sergeant, whose play on the left wing was really grand. A long account of so one-tided a game is not necessary, but we may add the utmost good feeling existed between the two teams. The " little kick ing " of tbe victors was, occasionally, very good, tbe weather was in every way suitable, the attendance encouraging, and all present hoped that this was only the percursor of many more contests for supremacy between the Hamilton and Portland schools. Mr. A. Cameron made a capital central umpire. Mr. Haley, as goal umpire for the academy, showed exemplary patience, as the ball never came near him, and Mr. A- E. Jones, as umpire for Portland, gave every satisfaction. Stcd Sheep. — Some very valuable merino stud sheep were purchased on Friday for the improvement of the flocks in the Western District, the most notable being the purchase of " Woolly Tom the second," a six tooth ram bred by Mr. James Gibson of Beile Vue Tasmania, by Mr. Todd for the Cararaut estate, tbe price paid being 420 guineas. From the same flock the following purchases were also made, viz., 4-tooth ram, Mr. John Riddoch of Yallum park, 40 guineas, and 1 at 10 guineas ; ditto, Messrs. Carter Bros, of Gleg Isla, 3 at 10 guineas each ; ditto Mr. B. Moffatt of Ravenswood. 1 at 10, and 3 at 10& guineas each ; ditto, Mr. T. Phillips, Hor sham, 2 at 17 guineas each ; two-tooth ram, Mr. E. H. Montgomery of Mount Napier, 1 at 11 guineas. Two-tooth ewes, Mr. M'Donald Gleproy, 4 at 40, and 3 at 30 guineas each. Fourrtooth ewes, Major Jjearmonth, 4 at 14 guineas. From the flock ot Messrs. Wm. Gibson and Sou, Scone, Tasmania, there were purchased. — Four-tooth ram, Mr. Broughton, Harrow, 1 at 90, and 1 at 120 guineas : Mr.- Cameron, Warrayure, J at 140 guineas ; Mr. Jphn Riddoch, 1 at 90 guineas ; Mr. R, Moffatt 1 at 60 guineas ; Mr. Edgar, Harrow, 1 at 55 guineas ; and Mr. Joseph Ware, Minjah, 5 two-tooth rams at 7 guineas each. From the flock of Mr. E. W. Pitts, S. A. Messrs. Knight and Lydiard bought 1 four- tooth ram at 40 guineas, 1 at 25 guineas, and 1 at 30 guineas. From Mr. J. L. Smith's flock. Gamboc, Tasmania, Mr. Joseph Ware, bought a six-tooth nun at 15 guineas, and Mr. Peter Learmonth 1 at 5 guineas. The fismp ffpntioman twwirrlifr O Ltrn. -a. 6 guineas each, and 2 at 7 guineas each. From Mr. Joseph Archer's flock, Pansnanger, Tasmania, Mr. George Carmichael bought 1 four-tooth ram at 27 guineas ; Mr, P. Lear month 1 at 12) guineas, and Mr. Kanfmanu, of Dunkeld, i at 7 guineas. Mr. RT Moftatt gave 40 guineas each for four four-tooth ewes, bred by Mr. B» MKjenzie of Clyne Vale, Tasmania whilst the Malvern Hills Pastoral company gave no less than 500 guineas for a fquF-tooth ram from the same flock. On account of Messrs. gander, James and Co. flf fiftntli A nol wille Ifrnu 1J j " wctc nctveviu mj-bjlesecs. Garter Bros. I merino nun at 190 guineas, 1 st 105 guineas, and 2 to Mr. W Lydiard of Belfast, at 00 guineas each. Tbe salesmen were Messrs. Powers, Entherford and Co., and the sale, ware hpld at Messrs, Mockton, Synnot Bros. Messrs. Byan, Hammond and Co., sold for Messrs. Sanders, James ajjdCo. and the Hon. G. C. Hawker. Tbe W.S.N. Company's steamer " Nelson " will lay np for her annual overr j haul onher return to Melbourne this week, and on completion of the "Nelson's" repairs, it is intended that the "Julia Peroy" phall be laid up for the necessary anm,r docking and general repairs, so as to have both steamers ready for the approaching wool "season. In the meantime the steamer running will leave Melbourne every Wednea- day, mad return from the Western porfe ! everySaturdaj- (w»ther jwnaitifef), . Whist. — The return match, Town v. Country, 16 aside, 51 points up, is to be played at the Commercial Hotel, on Foday evening, play to commence at tight o clock. Last year the Town players won two matches, but lost the first this year, and tbe Country representatives hope, on Friday evening, to make things equal. Athletics. — Clifford won the six days' " go as you please " at Geelong last week, by covering 506f miles, the longest distance on record in the colonies ; Baynor being second with 500 miles. The Geelong footballers, on Saturday, beat the metropoli tans by S goals and 23 behinds to 4 behmds. The Geelongese, after this, may fairly claim to be the champions for the season. Emigration. — The Irish policy of aL. flAi-ni'inwont pridfitltllT CQ11 luc uujroiuu — — v templates the emigration of some of the jeasantry to the British colonies.. Bis Excel- ency the Governor has received a telegram from Lord Kimberley, Secretary of State, to tbe effect that communications have been opened up with the agents - general of the colonies on tbe subject. No further inform ation is given, and the Government are await ing a despatch from Mr. Murray Smith in reference to the proposal. The Man Burns.— It is reported that, notwithstanding his coolness in the dock on Friday, the roan Burns, accused of having murdered Michael Qoinlivan, is far from being easy in bis mind, his groaning during the whole of Friday night having been very painful to listen to. That he should, however, be miserable, apart from any question of guilt or innocence, is to be ac counted for by tbe fact that his incarceration separates him from a wife, of whom report speaks highly, and six little children. The A.J.C. Spring Meeting was continued on Saturday with the following results, viz. Hurdle Plate, Nigger, 1, Members' Handicap, Ualmaison.1; Boscawen. 2 ; Belvidere, 3. Randwick Plate, Sting, 1; The Drummer, 2; 'Sweet William, 3. Waverley Handicap, Stra&heaxn;, I ; Hare bell, 2 ; Miss Whiffler, 3. Steeplechase, Hotspur, 1 ; Kanaka, 2 ; Blackall, 3. Free Handicap, Gipsy Cooper, 4 ; Comet, 2 ; Prima Donna, 3. There were 20,000 persons present, and Sting won the Randwick Plate with comparative ease. N ew Zealand Accident Insurance Company. — The Hon. Secretary of the Indies' Benevolent Society desires to ac knowledge the receipt of cheque for £3 10s, being amount of compensation paid by the above company to one of those who recently fot capsized at the Bochara cutting. The nsurance Company have just paid, as we : learn from Mr. B. Horwitz, £10 10s compen sation to Mr. Reuben Walker for a very simple affair. He '"barked" his hand against a stone and took no notice of the injury. Instead of healing, however, the wound got worse, and Mr. Walker's medical adviser has certified that his hand will not be well for two or three weeks. Not more than five weeks ago, as we learn from the agent, Mr. Walker received £2 compensation tor an in jury received to one of bis eyes through a piece of stone, which be was chipping off a block, flying into it. A Pounding Match. — A novel match is to be decided on the 3rd of October next, Mr. L. Watts having backed his horse Tabara, to beat Mr. Bloomfield's Korang, in what is called "a pounding match," a sporting medico having accepted Mr. Watt's challenge, and selected Korang as his repre sentative. Where tbe match is to take place has not yet been decided, but, as we understand it, Tahara is backed to negotiate fences Orer which Korang, will not follow htm It is stated the owner of Tahara relies upon his horse being able to clear wire fences but, even if it does, tbe difficulties may, it is said, be met by plating sheep hurdles against the wires in order that Korang may see what he has to do. Tahara won the second prize at Coleraine, Korang the second prize at the Hamilton show, both are said to be at home "over the sticks," and tbe match is to be for £100 aside. The length of the course, or the number of jumps will, it is presumed, depend upon the time that Tahara can keep going, or until Korang fail to follow him. Altogether the match is a very uncommon one, and should it not end in smoke, as some aver it must, there will, doubtless, be a great gathering of sporting men on the scene of the contest. Hamilton Hospital. — The follow ing are the subscriptions for July and August, 1882 J. Sanderson, Brie Brie 15 15 0 John Layley, Sandford 110 1 JJamilion. — W. Shields, £1 la ; J. f I mil, IB , ll . OlCCi, XS , X Walker, £1 Is ; H. Barrett, 10s ; M. Jacoby, £1 Is ; Q. Horwitz, £1 Is ; H. Coe, £1 Is ; M. Boche, £1 ; R. M. Foster, 5s ; Hott and Bippoo, £1 Is ; T. Taylor, 10s fid j F. Gaffney, £1 Is ; W. Smith, £1 Is 12 15 C Mokangcr. — T. A- Chirnside, £10 ; Forbes, £1 ; Hesketh, 10s ; Spring, Cameron, Sadden, M'Donald, Brewis, Maichie, Cox, Kenna, Ah Song, Burn is, 2s 61 each; Bailey, 56 ; Bornls, Scott, Cameron, Ah Dan, Buckley, Dark, 2s Gd each ; Bl'Catcbeon, Hewett. 5s each ; Cowan. Willroore, Cameron, Murphy, Radley, Green, O'Donncil, Stofield, Bloke, Maddin, Donnelly, M Bride, Burnett, Currie, Denbam, Currie, Quinlan, Horan, 2s Cd each ; M'Donald, 5s ; Davis, Is ; Smith, 2s Cd 16 18 6 Hamilton. — Dr. Ann and, £1 Ib ; J, Begg £1 Is ; Kev. John Hoyce £2 2s ; J. Greed £l Is ; National Bank £5 ; J. Ross and Co. £lls; j. P.Hamilton £1 Is J. Wi egms £2. 14 7 0 Smith and Sutherland, Railway con tractors, 10 0 0 Prcstiwhofmn. — p. Learmonth £2 2s 6 1 ; D. Huddlesione 10s : J. Thomson ; A. Munroe 5- : J. Norton 2s Gil : C, Retts 2s 6»l ; X. Rolfe ob ; 0. iteid 2s 6d; J. Learmonth 5s; H. Lcar- uiontn os i \x. cucc js vi; a. opiu- man 2s 6d ; J. Rolfe 5s ; W. Logan 5s. 5 0 0 A Blackfellow in Trouble. — The Ballarat Courier 6ays : — " An instance of what appears to be very unfair treatment of ao aborigine has been reported to ns by a traveller. Our informant states that one day last week he saw an aborigine placed in the train at Hamilton for Lake Condah, the officials knowing well at the time that be had no railway ticket. About two stations from Hamilton the railway officials demanded liis ticket, aud as he had none, they took him in charge. Our informant told tbe officials that the blackfellow had been put on the train by a porter at Hamilton who knew well enoogh he had no ticket. The officials said " all right," but persisted in giving him in charge. Oar informant subsequently asked at Hamil ton if the porterthere knew, when potting the aborigine in tbe train, that he had no ticket, and they said, " Yes." He then told them tbat the blackfellow had been given in charge they should take steps to ee him set at liberty and sent on to Lake Condah. The stationmaster at Hamilton said the black- fellow bad a right to ride free, aud, on our informant pressing the fact of his having beep unfairly treated, he was desired to mind his own business. There used to be a regula tion that aborigines had a right to free rides on the trains, hut the blacks complain that that is not allowed them since the railways were run on commercial principles." Insurance. — Tbe local agent, Mr. H. Bloomfidd, has forwarded us a copy of the anqnal blanoe-sheet for 181 of the TjrAnvml TAIiifnn Bnd niAtto Company. By this we observe tbe operations of the company continue to be on a gigantic scale, tbe revenue from fire premiums, ex clusive of re-insnrances, having been £1,138,014, said to be the largest amount recpftej by any pritish pfficp. 41 though tbe losses during 1881 were very heavy, and almost unprecedented on the average, the fire reserve was undiminished, the figures showing an actual increase on the balance carried forward to profit and loss account, which now stands at £167,062, as against J- 1 J J v/Q at: Hhlnn nnJ eif lCCft ii'l reserve tend now amonnts to £1,500,000 or £35,000 in excess of the whole fire premium income of the past year. Verily, to bea shareholder In such a company is better than bring interested in a gold mine, the paidrnp capital being only £245,640, and thp assets totting np to £6,462,038. A Capsize.— -Telegraphing on Sunday the Brisbane "correspondent of the Aran says j — "The Customs' boat, containing Mr. B. Fahey , subrpollector and police magistrate -at Oooktuwii. and two men named Anderson aud Coles, was capsized in a squtll offCape Bedford, two miles from shore, at- noon, on Thnreday. Finding it impossible to right the boat, Mr. Fahey and the two men bvant for the beach, Mr. Fahey and Mr. Anderson resohina it safely after grestfixertions. Cplas, after swimming for half a tnile, returned to fie loatj which kept in th» stme pottticq. Mr. Fahey walked into Cooktown on Thure day night, greatly exhausted, hut at once started with another boat to Coles' assistance He returned on Saturday evening, havine been successful in rescuing Coles, who haf been on the bottom of the boat for 24 hours Mr. Fahey walked from Cape Bedford to CooktowD, a distance of 20 miles, in eight hours, without boots or clothing except his shirt, and it was entirely owing to his exertions and promptitude that Coles' jfe was saved. Anderson arrived at Cooktown on Saturday morning, escorted by five blacks, who treated him kindly during" the journey. Union Cricket Club. — It is an nounced in our advertising columns that the second annual meeting of the above named club, will be held in the hon. Secretary's rooms, Gray-street, to-morrow evening. , Stock and otatioxs. — We under- J stand the Ardno West, and Limestone Badge Stations have been sold through Mr. A. X, Anderson to Mr. R. Crowe of MingbooL The Ballarat Sheep Show. — The total number of entries received for the show to be held at Ballarat on the 14th and 15th inst., is merinoes 234 ; long- wools 183, fat- sheep 21, first and second years champions 34, southdowns 3. ! Cricket. — The Australian Eleven commenced a match with I Zingari, &t; i Scarborough, on Thursday, and when the I stumps were drawn for tee day, it really appeared that " our boys" were to suffer a crushing defeat. They went fresh to the wickets, and scored 153, Masrie contributing 51, Horan 32 and Bonnor 17. As against this tee Home team had only lost one wicket for 50 runs at tbe call of time, and on the second day they increased this score to 279. The Australians teen went in, lost one wicket, and had scored 30 runs when again tame was called. On tee third day, however, they made a most brilliant display of batting, remained at the wickets all day, and, when tee match was drawn, had totalled 423 runs for tee loss of only sir wickets. Had they played the match «a, it is on tee cards they wonld have surpassed all their previous scores. Bannennan made 121 not out, Bonnor 122 not out, Giffen 15. Blackham had several teeth knocked out whilst wicket-keeping to Boyle's bowling. Anytning over rw runs per mumgs is a grand score against such a team as tbe I Zingari can send into the field. The secretary of the Melbourne Cricket Clab has received a cable message intamatiig that the team of English cricketers about to visit Australia, under the captaincy of the Hon. Ivo Bligh will leave England by the P. and 0. Company's mail steamer on Septem ber 22. The team comprises tee Hon. Irs Bligh (captain). Mr. A. G. Steel, Mr. G. B. Studd, Mr. C. T. Stadd, Mr. C. F. H Leslie, Mr. W. VT. Bead, Mr. G. F. Vernon, Mr. E. F. S. Tylecote, and the following profes sionals Barnes. Bates, Barlow, and Mor- ley. Mr. M. P. Lucas, though not a member of tbe team, will accompany them on their tour. They will arrive in Adelaide abou t October 30, and will play their opening match on Kovember 9. After that they vifi play an eleven of Victoria, and subsequently of Kevv Sonth Wales, returning to Melbourne to meet the Australian Eleven. The team is regarded as a Tery strong one. Dentistry. — Mr. Thwaites Surgeon Dentist, Koroit-Btreet, Warroambool, will visit Portland, Mac's Hotel, October 26th and 27th ; Hamilton, Mills' Hotel, 28th. 29th. and 30th; Casterton, Gray's Hotel, October 31st ; Coleraine, Well's Hotel, November 1st ; Merino, Mark wood's Hotel, 2nd ; Hamilton (return), 3rd and 4th ; Port land (return), 5th and 6th. — Advt. Murray and lanhak's Florida Waxes unsurpassed for Handkerchief, Toilet sad Bath. Highly fragrant. "It is scpebb, but rr is not war," said the Frenchman when the gallant Six Hundred rode " into tee jaws of death " at B&laklava;, and so there are many preparations that are pleasant to the taste, exhilarating in their effects, and with pretentious curative properties, that have not a remedial or active element about them. Not so with Udolpho Wolfe's Schiedam Aromatic Schnapps. It is palatable, stimula tive, operative, and produces marked results. 