PITH AND POINT. An Oldo KiiRlialio Fnyro iu projootod it. Launcoaton. O. E- Jouos iBsaid to bo sounding IU0 0ifln. tors of Ballarat WoBt. A rondiiiB room iB about to bo establish.,) Noifolk Island, > It ie intended to introduco tho system of pnymontof members in Now Eoalaud, ' Tbo Taamanian Voluutoor ofiicors aro gtviug a aerioa of winter ontortainmeuts to thoir men. Sir Julius Yqgel wqs .a passquger by the Austral, / ; ' " , E. V -k i,''i K ' ; v Ghosts aro plentiful at Bzllarat. Thoy havo a spiritual visitor from Ores wick now. ThoDuko onVostminator's Dorby win is popular in England, Tho trip of tho Austral, 37 days out trom Plymouth, hasuovor beon oclipaod. Sara Bernhardt contemplates a visit to Australia with a first class company. Sir Honry Farkos starta on his return voyago to Australia ou Saturday noxt. Tho arroganco of Arab! Fasha, tbo now Egyptian Miuistor. of War, is , becoming iu. tolerable. . ; , ; , It is proposed to iutroduco olcmontary lcc- tures'ou agriculture aud borticulturo iuto the state system of education iu Russia. A project is on foot to givo Sir Honry 1 1'arkca auontertaihraont in Molbourno oh his. return from tho old world. Dr Kcdowood, Roman Catholic biabopof Wellington, is ono of tho boat horsomon in Maori land, . » - , Easter was eolobrated in Goimany with tho usual festivities. The oxpresious of loyalty to tho Kinpcror woro enthusiastic. Mr Francis Darwin is celloctiug his lato father's lottera for a biography which ho intends to publish. Tho Mayor of Philadelphia refuses to grant a licence to any placq ot amusoment which baa a bar room attached to'it.' Sir Samuol Wilson baa bought tho Earl of Crawfoid's houso in Brook streot, Mayfutrjor L5(i,000. ' ' ' ' ' It has beon provod that Guitoau ia porfoctty oauo and his oxccutton will tako placo ou tho 30th inst. . . v Tho people of Norway waut to sovor thoir connection with Sweden, and establish a re public. Tho British Govorumont aro determined upon maintaining tho nmritiiuo protoctiou of tho Suez Canal, Tho proposed substitute for tolls does uot find favor with tho Hamilton pooplo. Tho Spoctator describes it as a " robbery of the ' general public for tho benofit of a few." Tho Stato 8choels > In tho Carlton district will break up for mid-winter holidays on Wcdnosday next till itho following Tuos- day. , " \ Ou tho samo occasion, Uio Uov, J. JL.' Rontoul announced as au opcoiug remark that ' ho would be as "brief as a clorgymati now-a- days is bound to bo 10 miuutos. It is said that Forth, W. A., reminds ono on n email scalo of Paris during tho reign of llarou Qaussman, who was so strongly smitten with tho building mania, Tho Garonno ia the ' last, of the Orient steamers calling at Adelaido. Captaiu Slador has completed arrangomonts for the ostnblish < moot of a coaling station at Diogo Garcia, Tho Hobart Mercury compiaius of a lack of gns in tbequiob little city. . Farliamout opotis next month', when tho causo of complaint will no doubt bo removed. The Imperial Govornmont havo to pay Tasmania L19S4 for tho support of uion sont to tho colouy as convicts, who havo since becomo insane, Tho Commissioner of Polico has instructed the members of tho forco to bo on tho look out for tho individuals . who atnuso thomsolvos by brooking the stroot lamps after dark. Bishop Solwyn of tho Melaucaian Islands says that ho would not loavo them. Ho loves tho islands though be has to fight tbe dovil .bardjor it. Tho Russian Polico have beon rocontly rc-orgnnisod, Tho "jjoly Loaguo" whioh is attached to tho force has in its rauks soiuo of tbo wealthiest nobles in St. Petersborg, Tho final dopositfor tho six days goas-you- pleaso tonrnamont between Edwards and Clifford, to tako placo at Geelong bos beon made. Tlio amount of subscriptions towards tlio Working Men's College amounted to L1700 last night. Mr Justice Higinbotham, as ho nlwnyB does, mado n capital speech. A mooting of tho lino repairers of the Tote- graph depnrtraont has beon hold, and it bias been proposed to present Mr J, P. Atkinson with a purso of sovoreigns previous to his loav- ing office. : The World says that Zola's "Pot BouiUe,' juBt published, ia "a monotonous tisBUO of abominations, which cannot bo spokoo of :in ducont terms." Poibaps this accounts for tho ealo of 100,000 copies already. Tho New Zealand Herald states thero is a rumor of a probable fight between two bapus of tbo Gaptihu tribo, regarding some land' at ' Ruapokapcka. Both bolligorouts are said to possess plenty of powder and shot. Tho Empress Eugenie Is staying at Ems, at tho Elyseo, a pretty white villa ou tho left bank of the Lnhn, which was the rcsidenco o tho Princess Dolgorouki the last timo tlio lato Czar visited Em«, A man has been sentenced to seven days ? ; imprisonment by an English Judgo for . kissing a .lady at a railway station. He pleaded that he -mistook ber for an acquain tance, and apologised immediately afterwards.. . ' It hns been proved that two London con stables recently insisted upou arresting two womon upon a charge of drunkbnnoss" though tho ofiicors of the law wore far from - sober at tho timo themselves. Colonel llrackenburg, tho now Assistant UndcrSeorotary for Ireland, will be tho one k official charged with tbo investigation of all . matters of police and crirao in Ireland. -Tlio office of Assistant Under- Secretary iB a new one. It is ouo remarkable testimony to tho soundness of tho position in whioh New Zea land now is, that last yoar tho Savings Bank deposits roso from L903,765 to LI, 282, 787, and 1 the numbor of accounts opon from 38,007 t»- 51,008. . A now description of theatrical composition (writes an English paper) is now boing noted ' at tbe Frincoss's Theatre— "an abaurdetta." . A reduction of Sbakspeare into onb not may. > shortly bo expected to be underlined as a . trngedetta, The number of visitors to tbe National Museum of Natural History and Geology foe the wook ending 24th June was 959. Tho museum is open to tbo public daily (Sundays excepted), from 10 a.m, till 5 p.m., in tho National Museum building at tho baok of tho University, "" Sir Honry Parksshoard Mr Glodstone de liver his last budget, and was so intensely interested (soya Truth) that until tho right lion gentleman bad finished, ho forgot au appointment to dinner and kopt the guests,, including two dukes, waiting over an hour. - A Christohurcb shopkeeper having re peatedly raieeed cigorettoa from his window, in tho vicinity of a broken pano of glass, sot a rat-trap, and a fow minutes afterwards had tho satisfaction of seeing tbe thiof cnugbt by tho hand in tbo trap, Tbo Melbourne Gas Company havo adopted n new rule with thoir collectors, which canio into forco last month— that is a general trans- forring of the colloctor from one district te ,, another. It is thought by adopting this plan our colloctor will act as an auditor of tlra ( other collector's accounts ;/md, .by so doing , . will bo ablo to detect any oiror whloh ralght ,(.'.rt occur iu hisaccoonts, 1 : 