What a Christmas Garol OM* ; BY T. A. HARCOURT. COLD blow tho wind along tho etrcot, The snow lay thick beneath tho feet, A dull, groy sky hung ovorhoad, ... Dim, raylosp, liku a domo of load. Tho day had beon a blustering ono, Without a cheoriug glimpao of sun, And, now, as night dr,iw. ou apace, . , . Tho day bestowed no parting grnoo, But thu sharp wind blew, and tho groy olouds Hov Across tho dead sky's ashen face. But a fig for weather whoo hearts aro light I And who heeds tho sturm when tho Aro burns brigl Tho very discomfit outside tho door Makes us prize tho snugness within tho moro, .? Thus it caine as at night closod grimly down, A silonco sottlcd upon tho town, And thc fog-ghosts gliding along tho stroot Could barely a soul with their ¿hill touch groot But through cm tains drawn and blinds fast shut, < Gloamed chinks that burnod with a ruddy glow,' And from stately palnco mid lowly hut Bang n laughing ohullongo to wind and-snow. -? For no mattor how sad tho rest of tho yoar, This was no timo to fret and griovo\ 1 ?>? ?'?? - Tho golden day of all days was nour-- 1 This was the Mossed Christmas Evo. 'Como, now, Bobby, you must, I say"; u I'll oarry you only a little way.'. ' ' No, oo'S tirod au'I tan walk!',. ;,. :-j M Who aro these tm tho mist that, talk?» . ;. '» y . Ono is a girl some ten yoars'old, y With violet oyes and Boft'hair of gold,, ¡. ' Palo and thin,.but exceeding fair, ... * . . With a'beggar's dross, but a lady's air; A chubby tot of four ia thc other, And ho is-' Bobby,' hor, little brothor. Their father, a mau of noble raco, ? . ?., , ? .,, Had married (tho world said) beneath his placo ; , Aud his family counted ic deep disgrace . . . That tho wife of his hoart, though puro and good,. Could only boast of a peasant's blood. . 'Tworo best that choir story bo briefly told :. Ho, proud and bravo as a knight of old, Worked with his only tool, tho pou, . Tillho woro out spirit, and health, nod brain,1 - '' Sho, frail nud patient, grioved Boro to^know, ,' > ' That his lovo for hor lind brought him low, And this,Christmas just threo years ago,1 ;-...-::i.v Hor gontlo.spirit had taken flight: ???..... From this world of sorrow and darksome night . To tho kingdom of endless joy and light. '. Loft with his littlo ones alone, r , What ho Buffered can no'or bo known.. Tho children must somehow bo clothed and fed, But how could tho sick man cam their broad ?' As ho tossiid mid turned on IIÍB trucklo-bod, Tho most that his feoblo hand could do . ? ??? ,?..?<? Was to seribblo a little song or two,. And sot tho words to some simple air. Thoso ho. copied with toilsome care, ; Aud sold to tho few poor neighbours round, lu whoso hourts his plight lind somo pity found. But not a word would tho proud man writo To thoso who lind banished him from their Bight When ho wodded tho woman whoso lovo ho boro, And whoso death ho laid nt his parents' door. , > Now, it chaliced that as Christmas Day drew near Ho had writtou a littlo song to cheer Tho hearts of tho lowly folk who bought ' Out of pity thc fruit of thoir sick friend's thought. 'Twas n sim plo carol, but groat tho pains That ho took to inodol its fervent strains ; And tho words woro ehoseu to suit tho lot Of his ciiBtomura. Not a stain or blot Marred tho face of tlio copies ho mada- .' , Just a scoro was his stock in trade- , And hu hoped by tho salo of these to stay , ? Tho wolf from tho door on Christmas Day.. But sadly miscarried his cherished plan, ? Tho neighbours thought not of tho lonely man ; And whon it wanted hut ono day moro ? To Christmas, his copies were still a score. And ho gnzed on his children, and could not speak, While the hot tours coursed clown his sunkou cheek, Thou Edith, his daughter, looked at him, And a mist o'or tho violot oyes did swim ; And thou and there in lier littlo heart - Sho vowed to piny tho broad-tinder's part. That noon, whilo hor worn-out fnthor slept To thu sick man's bctlsido she softly cropt, , And from his pillow draw thc roll Of Christmas enrols ; thon gently stoic With littlo Dubby into tho street, . And from then till dusk"with pleadings sweat, Sho tried to disposo of tho little song At ovory houso'ns thoy went along. Alas ! poor baby, sho did not know < That tho world was ns cold as its wind and snow. But whon tho ond of tba day lind como And Hobby bogan to sigh for homo, lier bravo littlo lieutt WAS heavy and som, For tho Christmas enrols woro still a scoro. Thou it was we hoard hor say. Sho would carry Bobby a littlo way. I'Vom tho houso thoy Btood before, a din Of harp, and piano, mid violin Suddenly crashed on tho startled air Thoy wuro holding a children's party thoro. From tho bright, warm rooms to tho dark, cold strcol Carno tho sound of lau ¡jilter mid dancing foot. 1 Oh 1 ain't that fino,' lisped Bobby, tho strong, 1 Mnybo, Edio, they'll buy n thong I' Happy suggestion, hint woll-timcd I Up tho stone stops tho waillots climbed, And through tho bay-window Edith saw A vision sho could not hnvo dronmed boforo. She hud vaguely heard of fairyland, But hero it teemed to bo oloso nt limul. Did she gloat nu tho vision all alone Î Ah; 110 ! sho did ns nil mothor's do ; Up on tho balustrade of stone Hubby was lifted to seo it, too; And his uyes locarno saucers to view tho sight Of Santa Clan's holding kingly reign ; Till, with giro overwhelmed, ho sorcmnod outright, And hammered upon tho window-pane. Tho children within in alarm stopped short In thoir miniaturo walt/, mid a woird glimpso caughl Of n chubby face mid n pair of eyes That seemed like discs cut from summer si; i cs, Porhnps 'twas a cherub from Edon won By a strong temptation to join their fun. lu a Hash tho door was Hung open wide, In a trico thu waifs found themselves insido ; A scoro of hands dragged thom in till thoy stood In tho midst of that gaudy and morry brood, Thun a stately lady with snow-whito hair, And a fnco that must once have beau passing fair, Goutly suppressed thc boisterous.crowd, Took littlo Bobby upon her knee, And questioned shy Edith, hnlf-aloud, Whom sho had como to tho door to seo ? ' Tho'th n thong to theil I' tho bold Bobby oricd ; But Edith's fnco was with crimson died, And sho whispered tho miswor : ' if yon ploaso, I thought you might like to buy one of these.' Tho Indy glanced at tho littlo roll - . Yes, sweet child, I will buy thom nil. Cnn you sing tho song? To ploaso mo, try,' 1 Yetti, ' broko in Bobby, ' an tho' can I.. Edio, will you thing with mo ?' And tho cherub sprung from tho Indy's kneo. Thou Edith, tilled with n grntofnl joy, Drew oloso to hor sido tho eager boy, ? J; And tho other ohildron all gathered round, And hushed completely wns ovory sound, Till Edith's llutu-liko voico nro30 (And Hobby's chirrup was hoard nt times), And a strange, sweet spult on tho listeners foll As tho daughtor chanted hor father's rhymes. A chord so mournful and sadly sweet A noto so plaintive-ran through tho air, That the lady glanced at tho writteu aheot To soo if tho author's namo wa« thore. "Why does sha turu so deadly palo? - -. Why does sho labour to catch her brooth? ?-. _ Tho namo that BIIO road wns tho iinmo of ono x Long since, as sha thought, in tho laud of Dont li. 'Lionel Wyndham I' lin was her bny- . Hor child who thr iwasant maid hör wod Hor proud, bravo darling, her prido mid joy, Wno hor friends had tuld her was long sinco dead, AVhom hor husband had cursed 011 his dying bod. Thoy had decoivod hor booanso sho sought To hnvo him and his fnthor reconciled, And now, lo I..tito tidings of lifo woro brought Ry thu sivoot-fneed ohildron ol' that poor child I An hour later, at tho door Of a lodging, dark and moan, and poor, v. A stntoly carriage stopped-r-but, hold I lt tioedcth not that moro bo told. ? : But in all tho world-ns I believe- . That was tho happiest Christmas Eve. 