THE HOUSE OF WHITE SHADOWS. BY B. L. FAnsEON, Author of "Blade-o'-grass," "Joshua Marvel," "Broad and Choose and IKisses," "Grif," "London's Heart," etc. [The solo right to publish this story in Tasmania has been purchased from the Author by the proprietors of the Launsces ton Examiner and Tasmanian.] CHAPTER III.--FRITZ THE FOOL. As the little wooden clock in the inn of The Seven Lia-s struck the hour of five, Fritz the fool rushed through the open door and cried, " They are coming, they roe coming, and will be here before you can cook me a i-omolette!" And having thus delivefbd himself, ran out of the inn to the House of White Shadows, and swinging open the gates, cried still more loudly, " Mother Donieol Dionctta I they are on tile road, and will be hero a lifetime before old Martin cani straighten his crooked back 1" Within five minutes of this summons there stood at the door of the inn of The Seven Liars the customers who had boon tippling therein, the host and hostess and their three children, and ten yards off, at the gates of the villa, Mother Denise, her pretty grand daughter Dio notta, and old Martin, whose breathing camse short and quick at the haste he had made to be in time to welcome tie Advo cnte and his wife. The news had spread swiftly, and when the carriage made its appearance at the end of the narrow lane, and toiled slowly up the steep hill, a score or so of the inhabitants of Petit Sarconnex were gathered together,ourious to see the great lord and lady who in tended to reside in the haunted house. As the carriage drew tip to the gates, the courier who acnted as valot to the Advo. cate, and who was to undertake the general management of the establishment, jumped down from his seat next to the driver and opened the carriage door. The curious ones pressed forward and gazed with admiration at the beautiful lady, and with awe at the stern-faced gentleman who had selected the House of White Shadows as a holiday residence. For their own parts they would not have engaged themseolves to sleep for a week in any one of the rooms ,in the villa for the value of all the watches in Geneva. There were, however, three persons in the villageo who had no fears of the house. These wore' the old housekeeper and her husband, Martin, and Fritz the fool. Mother Deniso had been born there, and was ghost and shadow-proof, so was her husband, now in his eighty-fifth year, whose body was like a bent bow stretched for the flight of the arrow-Ihis soul. Not for a single night in sixty-eight years had Mother Denise slept outside the walls of the House of White Shadows, and for forty- three years her husband had kept her company; but to them they declared no supernatural visitant had ever appeared. They had no belief whatever in the ghostly signs. Fritz on the con trary declared that they came to him fre. quontly. "But I'm not afraid of them, not I," he said ; " they don'tstrike, they don't speak, they don't burn. Let them comes, and welcome. When they leave a mark upon me i'll turn against them." Which made him a greater fool than ever in the minds of both believers and un believers. "He ia himself a ghost," said the schoolmastor of the village, " .with a fleshly embodiment; that is why the fool is not afraid." Truly Fritz the fool was ghostlike in appearance, for the skin of his face was singularly white, and how ever strong the sun it had not the power totan it, and his head was covered with shaggy white hair, which hung low down upon his shoulders. From a distance he looked like an old man, but he had not reached his thirtieth year, and so clear were his eyes and features that on a closer observance he might have been taken for a lad of half the years he bore. Dionetta did not share his defiance of ghostly visitors. The House of White Shadows was her home, and many and many a night had she awoke in terror, and listened with a beating,leart to soft footatoeps in the passage outside her room, and buried her head in the sheets to shut out the light of the moon which shone in at her window. Very timid and fearful of the supernatural was this country beauty, whom all the louts in the neighbourhood were eager to marry, and she alone, of those who had lived for years in the House of White Shadows, welcomed the Advocate and his wife with genuine delight, Fool Fritz thought of secretly-enjoyed pleasures which might now be disturbed. Martin was too old not to dislike change, and MIother Denise, although exceedingly deferential in her greeting, was by no means prepared to rejoice at thle arrival of strangers. Things were well enough before they came, and Mother Donise would have boeen better pleased had they never showin their faces at the gates. The Advocate and his wife stood look. ing around them, he with observant eyes and in silence, she with undisguised pleasure and admiration. She began to speak the moment she alighted. "Charming I Beautiful ! I am in love with it already. Could anything be more perfect? so quiet, and peaceful, and swoot! Look at those children peepilig from behind their mother's gown-dirty, but how picturesque !-and the mother herself,is she not a picturo I What could have been the reason why Mr. Balcombo never lived heroe it is inexplicable, quite inexplicable. I could be happy here for over. Do you catch the perfume of the limes? It is delicious-delicious ! It comes from the grounds-there must bhe a lime troo walk there. And you," she said to tlhe pretty girl at the gates, you are Dionetta." "Yes, my lady," said Dionetta, and eonderod how her name could have;be come known to the beautiful lady, whoso face was more lovely thlan the face of the Madonna in the tiny chapel of Petit Sar connoex. It was not difficult to divione her Sthought, for Dionetta was nature's child. "You are wondering who told me your namee " said the Advocate's wife. "Yes, my lady." "A little bird, Dionetta." "A little bird, my lady !" exclaimed Dioneotta her wonderment and admira tion grovwing fast into worship. The lady's graceful figure, her.pink and white lco, her pearly teethl, her lovely mouth, her eoyes, blue as the moat beautiful sum enor's cloud--Dionetta had never soon the like before. "And you," said the Advocate's wife, turning to thie grandmother, '"are Mothdr Denise." "Yes, my lady,' replied the old woman. "This is my husband, Mar tin." " I knuw, I know," said the Advocate's 'ife, all graciousneass " my little bird tas very communtcative. You are Frit." "The fool," said the white-haired young man, "Fritz, the fool. Don't mis treat me on that account. I can be faith ful, if I care to be. I rwas told you wore 0oraing." "Indeed," said the Advocate's wife With an air of ph asant surprise. "By Whom, and when I" "BYv whlom? the white shadows. hen s Night after night in my dreams.," " The white shadows, they exist, then ! Edward, do yon hear 1" The Advocate, upost whom nost a word of the conversation had been lost, fixed his eyes upon Fritz. " It pleases you to be called a fooL" " Why not ?" " Why-rather 1" "I might answer," said Fritz, "because people are not generally called by their. right names." " That is too wise an answer for a fool. For what reason do you close your eyes ?" "It is a habit of mine. I can ace in the dark what 1 choose to see." The Advocate gazed for a moment or two at the face with its closed eyes raised to his, and then said to his wife, "Come, Adelaide, we will look at the houses.J" * They passed into the grounds, accom panied by Mother Denise, Martii; and Dionetta. Fritz reinained 'outside the gates, with his eyes still closed and a smile upon his lips. "Fritz," said the host of the inn of The Seven Liars, "do you know anything of the great man 1" Fritz rubbed his brows softly, and opened his eyes.. "I know everything." "What about him, then 1" "Listen, Peter Schelt," said Fritz, as the neighbours gathered around him. "When my eyes were shut, I had a dream of a stranger who was found murdered in your house. People said you murdered him for his money, and it really seemed so, for it was found in your possession. Things were going so hard with you that you begged the great man who has ome among us to plead for you at your trial. . You were safe enough then. He proved to everybody's satisfaction that it was impossible you could have committed the murder. Don't be alarmed, Peter Sohelt, it was only a dream. ". "But did I do it 1" inquired Peter Schelt, in no way disturbed by' the bad light in which he was. placed by Fritz's fancies..; . . "It does not matter whether you did or-not. : The great man got you off, and that is all you care for. Look here, neighbours, if any of you have black goats that you wish changed into white, go to him, he can do it for you. 1 He is a groat man, a very great man." "Ah !" said a neighbour, "and what do you know of his wife 1''" " What all of you should know, but cannot see, though it stares you in the face." "Let us have it, Fritz." . . - " She is too fair. Christine," to a stout young woman close to him, " give thanks to the Virgin to-night that you were sent into the world with.a~squint in your eye, and that your legs grow thicker and crookeder overy day. You will never drive a man out of his senses with your beauty." Fritz was compelled to beat a .swift re treat, for Christine's arms were as' thick as her logs, and they were raised to smite. Down the lane flow the fool, and Christine after him, amid the laughter of the villagers. 