A ROMANCE OF SCOTLAND- YARD. - This is the record of a woman's weakness. " i What is it that moves me to relate the one brief romance of my life ? What is it that impels me to confide to paper the secret which I have for so Ions nursed in silence ? I do not exactly know, bnt I seem to want a little comfort ; I seem to think that in telling here quietly to myself the story of my temp tation, just as though I were narrating it to a second person, I might put things in a clearer light, and find some excuse, some defence for my conduct. Other women have been tempted and have yielded, I know. I am not alone, and I have suffered — suffered all the more because my sorrow was. secret, because my face was a mask hiding the anguish of my soul. Let me judge how my tory reads. One morning in the year 18— , I, Margaret Barrel, was summoned to the Head Police Office at Scotland-yard. The summons caused me no surprise. It was my duty to go, and I went in the ordinary way of busi ness. Circumstances had made me tbe daughter of a detective ; my father had trained me to help him in his work, and from one step to another I had become one of tbe many mysterious women who are employed by the police in cases where female tact and female Jinexsc are indispensable. My BkUl had already made me successful in several delicate operations, and I stood well in tbe ODinion of the officers of my depart ment, The summons caused me no surprise , and, indeed, I nmde at onto a shrewd guess with regard tp the feas m why my presence tvas requested at the Head Office. As, I entered, the superintendent, ray superior, gave me a kindly nod of welcome. He was a fine-looking middle- aged man, very 'mnnai-tg »n hi braided jacket, but as g<v>d hearted and good- humoured as his Bteru duties in life allowed him to be. ' He always treated me in a particularly genial and paternal manner. Good morning, Margaret,' he said. 4 Glad you have come in good time; there is some important business for you.' 4 The case of the Hon. Charles Germyn ?' I remarked, looking op inquiringly. 'Exactly,' he replied, 4 sly little puss. I thought yon wouldn't be long guessing. It is on the eaee of the Hon. Charles Germyn that I am going to put your Bharp wits to work, and you'll have to be clever over it, too ; the whole affaii is a pnzzle, very unsatisfactory as yet, very unsatisfactory.' He took a bundle of papers from the table. 4 Here are the notes wf have made on the case ; just read them and let me hear what yon think.' I sat down and concentrated my attention on the different official police reports before me. Tbe Hon. Charles Germyn, aged twenty- seven, the younger son of a nobleman, had been found dead in the sittingroom of his chambers in TTnlf. TttrtAVI ctlCfl4 Ti- I — — iwt-wvvu OViCCU) 1, lUUUUiilJ. lb was clearly a ease of murder, a dagger- knife had been discovered plunged in the unfor tunate man's body, and the medical evidence given at the inquest placed it beyond dispute that death had been almost instantaneous, and that the fatal wound conld not have been self- inflicted. This was tbe mere outline . of the affair, suoh as I and the public in general had already gathered from the accounts in the newspapers. Then came a crowd of little intimate details npon the circumstances and the personal surroundings of the victim. Charles Germyn, at the time of the occur rence, had not been long in England. His career as a diplomatist rendered a residence abroad necessary, and he had been living for some years at Naples, in the capacity of an attach to the Embassy. Tbe character he bore was that of any ordinary fast young man of fashion, with plenty of leisure time on hand, a good aristocratic name, and a handsome person. He was known to have gambled, but not to any very alarming extent, and his morality was that of most single men. A short while previous to his death he had obtained leave of absence, and came -over to London to enjoy tbe delights of the season. The question was, how and why had he been murdered ? Tbe laundress, or housekeeper, who attended to his bachelor wants, had seen him for the last time alive as he went ont of the honse in fall evening dress to dinner. He seemed in his usual spirits, and there was nothing in any way remarkable or strange about his manifer. After that some friends of his had spoken to him at the opera, whither he had repaired, and with the evidence of these per sons all satisfactory intelligence had come to a standstill. The next morning his lanndress had knocked at the door of his room, but had failed to receive an answer. Thinking that he had come home late .and felt tired, she had waited. Later in the day, after several ineffectual attempts at making her self heard, she had grown alarmed, com municated her fears to one or two other occupants of ohambers in the honse, and her action resuicea in tne determination to nave the door forced open. Then it was that Charles Germyn was found lying on the floor, in the dress clothes he had worn on the previous evening — murdered. The door was locked from the outside, or at all events it mignt be supposed so, for the key was nowhere to be seen. Who could be the murderer ? No sounds of a quarrel or souffle of any sort had been heard ; no noiso of footsteps or voices had attracted the attention of those staying in tbe same honse. Yet it was obvions that the Hon. Charles Germyn had come back at some unknown hour to his rooms, let himself in as usual by means of his latch-key, and that he had not returned alone. Someone must have been with him, nd this mysterious someone must have been .. his murderer. Who was he? That was what puzzled the police. The mass of evidence given before the coroner afforded no possible clue. A crime had been- committed, and its motive was clearly not that of robbery. Charles Germyn's money, jewellery, and, in fact, everything in the room, had been left on- touched. Had he any personal enemies eager for vengeance ? No one came forward to say 0A oi/i M/ifniTicr was trviAtim Ufa mam OU« UUVIllU WOfO AUVWUa AXIS J(kpCi6 had been searched, and amongst a great many letters of a varied character were found several written in Italian, and in a female hand, signed 4 Anjpetfca.' They were penned in a tone of bitter reproach, and came from one who seemed evidently very muoh in love with the deceased, and vety angry at his supposed or real indifference. Mixed np as they were, however, with a number of other letterB from different women of a similar nature, they provoked bnt . little notice. A note was also discovered, bearing a recent date, from one Jacopo Bizzoni, re spectfully asking for a brief interview with deceased. t This Bizzoni had been examined by the police. He was a chorus singer at' the opera, and explained away his reqaest, naturally and simply. He had known the Hon. Charles Germyn at Naples, and learning that he had returned to England, took the liberty of writing to him, and seeking permission to have the honour of paying him a visit. No other motive save a friendly desire to see the deceased, who had been kind to him in Italy, had influenced bim. As there was nothing to contradict this statement of the Italian, . he had been dismissed. I had finished reading, the particulars of the case, and looked up at the superintendent. 4 Well?' he 6&id;, with a smile, 'do you know now what you are wanted for ?' Bizzoni,' I replied, laconically. 'Clever girl; yes, it is for Bizzonithat you are wanted. I am not at all satisfied abont that confounded foreigner ; I should like to know something more of him. At I present, there is nothing against him, but ; still— we musn't neglect even a chance. The aftair is very mysterious, and it has caused great excitement. I will do my best,' I said: ' I know yon will, Margaret, I know job w»ll ; you're worth any bix men put together. We should never have got to the bottom of that jewel case but ffor you. You must find out what were the precise relations between this man and Charles Germyn ; but, there, I needn't tell you what to do, I can safely leave it to your discretion.' We arranged Borne further preliminaries, and I lefc, ready to commence my new task at ouce. Jacopo Bizzoni lived at No. 17 Carnaby street— a dingy house in a dingy thorough fare, forming part of the Soho labyrinth. It was a poverty-stricken place, chiefly in habited by foreigners, and I made up my mind that the impersonation of a humble needlewoman would be my best disguise. I accordingly went home, attired myself suitably, and proceeded boldly to the house. A stout, red-faced, bare-armed middle- aged woman answered the door. 4 You have a room to let,' I said, pointing to a card stuck up in the window of the adjoining sweet-stuff and tobacconist shop. 'May I see it?' ' Yes, it's the third floor back,' answered the woman, surlily ; ' you can see it, it that's what you want.' I followed her upstairs, and inspected the room, is was in narmony with the rest of the house, poorly famished and dingy. 'Six shillings a week, paid in advance,' said the stout, red-faced woman, eyeing me sospiciouely. Acting up to my part of one of the poorer toiling millions, I haggled a bit, and event ually secured the room at the reduced rental of five shillings and sixpence per week. I moreover took the trouble to explain that, having obtained employment from a firm in Regent street, I wished to be as near as I could to that locality, and would be glad to iustal mysel at once in my new apartment. The sight of half a sovereign removed every obstacle, and a few hours later I had myself as comfortable in my temporary home as Carnaby street and circumstances per mitted. Fortune seemed to favour me. My land lady, rough and outspoken, like most of her order, was by no means unwilling to talk, and it took very little art to draw from her a detailed account of herself, husband, lodgers, and neighbours. She was married to a German, a cabinetmaker by trade, who spent the best part of his time and earnings at some workingman's club ; she had a hard time of it, what with the children, the shop, and the people in the house; and small wonder the place was dirty and ill -kept. I learnt, with no slight satisfaction, that Bizzoni occupied a room near mine on the third floor. From what I could gather, the Italian was looked upon as a good lodger. Regular in his payments, steady in his habits, giving little or no trouble, he was held in high con sideration. . 4 I ain't never seen him the worse for drink,' said my landlady, speaking of him; 'he's always civil-spoken, and he's that qniet in the house, a mouse conldn't make more noise. I had now made all my plans, and prepared briskly to pot them into execution. My position brought no sense of novelty to me ; it was not the first time by many that I had assumed a disguise, and played a part right through to the end, so that I was perfectly calm and free from agitation. Running down a criminal at the bidding of the law was no more to me than fetching a stick is to a retriever dog. My first move was to get a sight of Bizzoni. With this purpose in view I sat in my room, leaving the door ajar so as to catch any external sounds. I had to wait patiently for some weary hoars, bat at length, when close npon midnight, I heard the heavy tread of a man's footstep on the wooden staircase eading to my chamber. To blow ont my lamp, go outside my door, and pretend to be ende&votiring; to open It in the dark, was a business whioh occupied me only a few seconds. The footsteps eame nearer and nearer, and presently I saw the shadow of a tall man moving close to me, towards the opposite door. The passage was narrow — almost too narrow for two persons, and I had no difficulty iu intentionally brushing up against the new-comer. ' Who is there ?' said a strong, deep, male voiee. I indulged in a feigned little scream of terror, 4 1 — I am trying to get into my room,' was my answer, after'a brief pause, 4 only I have forgotten to get a light, and it is so dark here.' The tall shadow made no reply, but struck a match. I looked up, and by the dim light of the lucifer saw a dark, handsome fellow, with shining black eyes. I had no doubt he was Bizzoni. 4 Thank you very much,' I said, opening the door, 4 it was very stupid of me not to think of providing myself with a light. I am new to the place, and have only come to day.' 4 Do not mention it,' he answered, speaking with a Etrongly-marked foreign accent. 4 Permit me to light your lamp for you, miss.' I did not refuse, so he followed me into my room, and in another second the pale ray of my oil lamp shed a sufficient light on the surrounding objects. We looked at each other. Bizzoni had taken off his hat, and I noticed that the shining black eyes were surmounted by a quantity of thick, glossy, black hair, and the faoe was adorned by a full and well- developed moustaohe. Ab for myself, I knew I was good-looking. I am speaking without any false modesty, and patting things in a plain, business-like manner. Good looks were little more to me than a part of my stock-in-trade —a qualification assisting materially the 6000688 of my different operations. 'lam extremely obliged to you,' I said, smiling, ' bnt for your kindness I should have i had to go all the way downstairs again.' ! ' Oh, it is nothing,' he remarked, ' I am ; your close neighbour, my room is opposite ! > yours. I may have to ask the same favour j ! of yon some night.' ! We stood looking at each other and talking ; ordinary commonplaces for a few minutes, ttufriTuit h6 badC -oigW. I psde a mental dissection of mv impres- 1 stone ae I lay wakeful in my bed, and owned ! myself puzzled. Bizzoni had nothing of the I suspicious restlessness which I had observed ! in men and women who had good reasons i for seeping theiwlves aloof from strangers. I His handsome faeo was of a crave and serious j character, but he was perfectly calm and eelf- \ possessed in his manners ; and I came to the I conclusion that he was either innocent of all crime or endowed with rare powers of control. My duty, however, was to watch and study him closely ; so the next day I was up early and vigilant. Bizzoni left his room at about I eleven, and I m-do haste to fellow him, i 1, ®OOC earei of course, to remain | perfectly unseen. j Where was he going? He threaded his | way tranquilly through the busy streets until he reached Regent's Park ; he then entered the fi&tes;, and was soon seated upon a bench, drinking m pleasurably the freshness of a fine summer morning. From my post of observation I followed his movements. There were some children play ing round about him, and after eyeing them benignly, he presently joined them in their sports, and began throwing a ball for them, laughing as merrily as the blithest and most careless of infants. The children did not RPPYTl f.n flfon/3 in fLn .i. ii « _ icaai, awe or ineir nuge playfellow, but came to him naturally and simply, as though to a proper-appointed companion. ' This man can be no criminal,' I thought to myself, as I watched the burly good-looking Italian taking so great a delight in such innocent pleasures. I am afraid we are a little out of our reckoning ; we shall not be one step advanced through him.' By-and-by I determined to allow myself to be seen, and if possible to converse with bim. I accordingly passed down a side path, and came baek from tbe opposite direction, towards the spot where Bizzoni was amusing himself. My tactics were perfectly successful ; the Italian caught sight of me at once, and recognised me. I bowed to him and stopped short in a hesitating fashion. He had no choice but to come up to me and say good morning. You sis like myself,' he remarked, 'taking a little_ walk. It is very pleasant out here, quite like the country.' ' Yes,3 1 answered, 'I awoke with a slight headache, and thought a stroll would do me good. I am very fond of the park, and should come every fine day if I had the time.' ' I am the same ;' he replied, ' when I have no rehearsal at the opera to keep me, I am here ; always here. I love the trees, the flowers, and the grass ; your parks are very beautiful, and I am surprised that more people do not go to them. See, there are only a few children here, and one or two men sleeping or reading. In Italy, our gardens are full on fine days like this.' I sat down, and he took a place by my side. We talked about the park, about Italy, and about many other things, including ourselves. I felt somehow a strange pleasure in the eociety of this man ; a pleasure which had nothing whatever to do with the task I had set mysel&to; perform. Indeed, after a little while I had completely forgotten the fact that I was playing the part of a spy, that I was eagerly trying to draw from him the inner secret of his life. I was only a young girl, after all, and his soft, yet deep voice, his gentle, tender ways, his manly open look, and his simple but entertaining conversation, had \- their effect upon me. Bizzoni had the rare power of charming women, and I confess that he charmed me. We got on so well together that we did not notice the rapid flight of two whole hours. I was perfectly astounded, when I asked my companion what the time was, to find we had been sitting there so long. We rose and walked back together to Garnaby street. After that day I had no difficulty in know ing and learning more of the Italian. My modesty was no longer put to the test, and I had no need to practise feminine arts to get to see bim and talk with him. It was he, on the contrary, who sought me out, who seemed to derive comfort and pleasure in being with me. He would come into my room while I sat busy doing my pretended needle-wcrk, and chat to me, apd I got to look forward to his coming, thought about him when he was away, and forgot every thing and everybody when the sound of his voice was" in my ears, and when I felt his half-tender, half-sad glanoe upon me. He was very lonely and friendless, frequently subject to periods of intense depression, but he was always so gentle and winning throughout, that I, in my. quality of a young, silly girl playing with fire and thinking myself tough enough not to be singed, was fairly conquered. My life gradually became a pleasant sweet dream, in which the ghost of the Hon. Charles Germyn made no intrusive appearance. But I was not allowed to continue in this happy state. One morning, a letter from the superintendent asking me to report progress, brought me to a sense of reality. For the first time I experienced an indescrib able hatred and disgust for myself and my work. What was I but the meanest and most contemptible of women? Conld any honest man on learning the truth deem a spy, a thiDg that worked darkly and secretly, that stooped to all kinds of falsehoods and all manner of petty deceits, worthy of his love ? If Bizzoni was innocent of crime, he would be sure to scorn me ; if guilty, my love was equally hopeless, equally lost. I became nervous and agitated, and found my clear insight failing me. I could no longer analyse events, and draw conclusions from them. My sagacity had disappeared with my peace of mind, and I knew not what course to pursue. I was inclined for a moment to throw op my duties and declare myself beaten ; but a secret and unaccountable rage mastered this feeling, and I determined to play my part through to the bitter end. Since I had no right to love or to be loved, I would, at all events, be faithful to my task and earn j honestly the bread I was eating, however ' mean and despicable the occupation I was j following might be deemed. And perhaps, too, I was influenced by a sense of haif- frightened curiosity. Gould Bizzoni be in reality Charles Germyn's murderer ? I dared j scarcely turn my thoughts to this question j —yet I was not satisfied io my mind I had I learned to understand his nature, and, with a I woman '8 quick perception, could see that," in | spite of all its gentleness, it was capable of deeply passionate outbursts of strong sndi uncontrollable emotions. Self-torture in the end did me some good, and I grew calmer as my resolutions shaped themselves firmly. Tbe cruel expedients of my calling came back to me, and I made haste, fearing for my own weakness, to pot them into practice. | My first test was simple, but it promised to be effectual. One afternoon we sat together, I pretended to be in want of some article of : food, and went across to a neighbouring shoo, bidding Bizzoni,. wait for my return. I came back in a few minhtes, and laid what I had bought upon she table. It was a pound of white sugar, arid I had taken care before hand to wrap it up in a portion of one of th8 newspapers which gave an account of Charles Germyn's murder. I emptied the sugar into the basin, and took up ihe scrap of news paper. ' I always like to look at these odds and ends,' I said, carelessly, ' they are some times very interesting ; and, see, I am right in this instance, for here is a thrilling report of a murder committed in Half-moon street. Piccadilly.'! I watched Bizzoni out of the corners of my eyes. He started and grew ghastlv nale. yet, I believe, he was no more moved than I was at that moment. His emotion was, . however, only momentary, and he succeeded by a powerful effort in gaining mastery over himself. ' It seems,' I continued, pretending to be reading, that a gentleman, named the Hon. Charles Germyn, was found stabbed in his room. But this mast be an old newspaper. Did you hear of the mnrder ?' Yes,' said Bizzoni in a low voice, as a cold shiver came over him. What is the matter ? are you ill ?' I asked. ' No,' he said, trying to calm himself, ' but you have called back some very painful memories to me. I knew the Hon. Charles Germyn in Italy ; in fact, I had to appear before the police, after the discovery of his death, to answer certain questions respecting myself and him. Do not talk any more of this to me, Margaret; I cannot bear to think of it.' We changed the subject, bnt his too evident emotion was a puzzle to me. Was it the consciousness of guilt, or was it merely extreme sensitiveness? I loved this man- and my love turned into an eager anxiety, a burning curiosity to learn the truth. If Jacopo Bizzoni had murdered Charles Germyn, what could have been his motive ? It must have been a very strong one, for his character was, in my eyes, honest, truthful, and noble, and the scanty information he had given me as to his past life afforded me no clue. It was with the utmost difficulty that I kept silent during the few days that followed my first test, and refrained from questioning him further upon a subject which gave him so much pain. Bnt a circumstance arose which induced me to nfake a second attempt The opera season was fast coming to an end, and Bizzom accepted an engagement for Madrid. He tola me this as we came ont of the oper&hoasa;, where I sometimes went to meet him at the stage ddor after the perform ance was over. ' A few days longer,' he said, 4 and I leave London.' 4 You are going ?' I exclaimed 4 Yes, Margaret,' he answered sadly, 4 1 am going. It does not much matter where I live ; all towns are pretty much the same to one like myself.' He then paused, and I conld see by his hesitating manner that something was weighing on his mind, which he was longing to be rid of, yet dared not express. Perhaps he wished to tell ms what I had already long since read in his eyes — that he loved me,, and wanted to make me his wife. Bat he wai silent and mournful, while I was feverish and excited, burning to fathom the secret of his life A fiendish idea entered my head. ' It is a beautiful night,' I said, 4 suppose we take a walk ; it may be the last we shall together, since yon are going so soon. tacitly consented like one in a dream and I took the lead. Under my guidance we walked along silently through the crowded thoroughfares, until we readied Half-moon street, and stood in front of the "honse in which Charles Germyn had been found murdered. T" ITT" Bizzoni had been so completely absorbed by his thoughts, that he had noticed nothing ' Where are we ?' I said, suddenly aoming to a standstill. ' We mustn't lose oar wsy« I think I had better inquire.' A man was passing, and I asked him the name of the thoroughfare. ' Half-moon street, ma'am,' he answered abruptly, and walked on. I looked at my companion. My trick had been successful ; at the words of the stranger he started back convulsively, and on glanmng up became aware by the glaring light of the gas-lamp that he was facing the windows of the room occupied by the murdered man. He nttered a cry of terror — it is ringing in my ears now, and I shall never forget it till death — and fled. 4 Guilty !' I murmured to myself, and unable to control my feelings any longer, burst out into a violent fit of sobbing. I saw no more of Bizzoni that night ; and, oh ! the wretched, weary hours th&tsnoceeded; and never seemed to come to an At dawn I rose, and looked at myself in the looking-glass. I conld not recognise myself, I had grown so haggard and worn. Bnt a kind of rage, a kind of madness had possessed itself of my soul, and I could not remain inactive. I took & sheet of paper and wrote a note to the superintendent at Scotland yard, asking him to Bend me immediately, without a minute's delay, the knife with which Charles Germyn had been fatally struck. When people began to stir in the house, I went downstairs, and sent the landlady's little girl with the letter, bidding her return with all speed. She came back in an hour with the expected parcel, and I had courage enough to untie it ; take the fearful, blood-stained weapon out, and place It con spicuously upon the table. My tears seemed to have dried within me, and, though Inde scribably miserable, I was as hard ae granite. Something told me that Bizzoni had no t f 1 «ou torwer, and thrt I ehoaU an grim S 6®: _ right As I sat in my S TOewmedness, he bursf Into the room, pale || an" dishevelled, wearied est by his night's 4 'tewnp through the silent streets. The first object that met his <gafce was the knife I had % procured. The sight of it proved too great a y| . strain upon his nervous condition, and he i: utterly brake down, sobbing and crying like a , woman. \ ' I locked on with my heart torn asunder by conflicting emotions. ' Is my crime bo great, 0 Lord ?' exclaimed y, Hizzoni, as soon as be was able to speak, that you should torture me thus, through the woman I love? Shall I never know ! peace again on earth ? Yes ! I confess it,' he said, passionately, and almost fiercely, ' it was I who killed Charles Germyn. We were there together alone ; he had wronged my i sister, my beautiful Annetta, and I implored " to restore her to -life and honour ; he ' ; laughed in my face, and I stabbed him. It eii done in a moment when I was not myse:f, but my sister's avenger. That man was a villain ! he deserved to die I And now,' he added, almost gently, denounce me to the police. I know who and what you are ; I knew it last night. Take me, Margaret, I sha.ii not resist. Life was never so great a burden to any man as to me.' My reply was to burst into tears and to throw my gfelf into his arms, beseeching him to forgive me for the pain I had caused him. He had committed a crime, but he was no > criminal to me, and I loved him with all the '» power of my being. > . stood there together, locked convul sively in each other's arms. 4 You must fly,' I said, at last. 'You must go far away from here. This is no place for you.5 'Alone?' he asked, clasping me pas sionately to his breast. Yes, alone,' I answered, gently. ' You i know what I am ; it can never be. Jacopo, we must never see each other again.' I spoke the words firmly, but who will ever understand what it cost me to utter them. 'I do not care to go, then ; I do not carc to livs,' said Bizzoni. 1 You have a sister, Jacopo,' I replied, ' she I needs you ; it is your duty to live for her. One more kiss, darling, and good-bye for ever !' I have told my story. The murder of Charles Germyn is an undiscovered crime to save myself, yet may the life of atonement sod suffering that I have led plead forgive- xicbs ior my sin.- -byivia's tLome Journal. — ; - 