CONSECRATION OF THE BISHOP OF BRISBANE. THE Right Rev. Dr. Dunne, Roman Catholic Bishop of Brisbane, waB consecrated in St. Stephen's Cathedral, in that city, on Sunday, June 18. From the Brisbane Courier we extract the following account of the proceedings :—The ceremony, which commenced a little after half-paBt 11, was carried out with all the fullness prescribed in the Pontificate Romanum under the able direction of the Very Rev. Dean Dwyer, most efficiently assisted by the Rev. J. J. Horan, and was one which will not soon pass from the memories of thoBe who witnessed it. As the procession poured out from the two sacristies all eyes were strained to catch sight of the dignitaries who had come to take part in the proceedings. From the Epistle side came the en/arUs de chceur in great numbers, the acolytes and pTieBts in Burplice and soutane, and from the opposite sacristy the deacon (the Rev. J. A. Canali), the Bub-deacon (the Rev. J. M. Cummins), and the assistant priest of the mass (the Rev. J. P. Connolly), followed by the Most Rev. Dr. Vaughan, Archbishop of Sydney, the Metropolitan of the province, who was the consecrating prelate on the occasion. As soon as his grace was vested for the solemn function, the assistant bishops, the Right Rev. Dr. Murray, of Maitland, and the Right Rev. Dr. Lanigan, of Goulburn, with the Bishop-Elect and the Right Rev. Dr. Cani, all four attended by their chaplains, came forth into the sanctuary, and the whole body of the clergy approached the foot of the high altar together, and remained there for a moment in prayer. When his grace, clad in his full pontificals, and bearing the pallium which the Holy Father conferred on him some yearB ago, was thus Burrounded by his assistants in white copes and mitres, the Bishop of Rockhampton in bis purple garb, the richly vested clergy who were to take part in the mass, the elect in white cope and purple biretta, and the other ecclesiastics, each in appropriate attire, the spectacle was one rarely if ever surpassed in an Australian church. The varied hues, the chaste and graceful decorationB of the sanctuary, the sacred insignia that flashed like the Urim and Thummim did of old, the flowers, the lights, the well- trained voices of the choir Binging the Ecce Sactrdos, the reverend heads bent in prayer, the rapt attention, the Bolemn stillness of the immense congregation, could not fail to strike even the most indifferent spectator. Besides those whoBe names have been already given, there were present in the sanctuary the Rev. D. J. Byrne, chaplain to the Bishop elect; the Rev. P. Hand, chaplain to Dr. Murray ; the Rev. A. Horan, chaplain to Dr. Lanigan; the Rev. T. O'Connell, chaplain to Dr. Cani; the Very Rev. Dean Kenny, the Rev. Dr. Capra, the Rev. J. B. Breen, the Rev. B. Scortechini, the Rev. P. Corrigan, and the Rev. J. P. Fitzpatrick. The Rev. D. Fouhy and the Rev. J. O'Reilly bad charge of the arrangements in the body of the church, and it is only justice to them to say that they discharged the trying duties which devolved upon them with admirable tact and courtesy. After a moment spent in prayer, aB has been said, the consecrating prelate took his seat on the fald- stool placed for him in front of the high altar, and the ceremony commenced by the assiBtant bishops presenting to him the elect. The senior assistant bishop then addressed his grace as follows:—" Moat Reverend Fathar, our Holy Mother, the Catholic Church, asks of you to promote the priest here present to the heavy office of a bishop." The conBecrator demanded the apostolic mandate, and thiB having been read by the Rev. J. B. Breen, who was acting notary, the elect was sworn to be obedient to the Holy See; after which hiB examination commenced aB commanded by the Fathers of the Church, and recommended by the Apostle, who says— Impose not hands lightly upon any man." The <s fathers teach that he who is chosen for the rank of a bishop must be diligently examined with (all Christian charity concerning the Trinity, and interrogated upon the different matters and morals befitting episcopal government. This is a very solemn part of the rite. The archbishop and his two aBBiBtants being seated and mitred, and the elect also Beated, the following questions were put, which are interesting, as showing the qualities on which the Catholic Church most inBista in those whom she calls to a share in her government:— " Wilt thou," said the consecrator, " both by word and example, teach the flock for which thou art ordained those things which thou understandeBt from the Holy Scriptures?" and the bishop elect rising and lifting his biretta answered, "Volo"— "I will." Again he was asked—"Wilt thou reverently receive, teach, and keep the traditions of the orthodox fathers; and the authoritative enactments of the Holy and Apostolic See?" and again he answered, "I will." "Wilt thou uniformly render to Peter, the blessed Apostle to whom by God was given the power of binding and loosening, and to His Vicar Leo XIII., and to his successors the Bishops of Rome, fidelity, subjection, and obedience, according to the injunctions of the canona?" "I will." " Wilt thou restrain thy practices from all evil, and to the utmost of thy power, God helping, direct them to all goodness?" "I will." "Wilt thou, with God's assistance, observe thyself and teach others to observe chastity and sobriety ?" " I will." " Wilt thou forever continue a bondsman in the affairs of God, and estranged from earthly affairs and base lucre as far human frailty permits thee?" "I will." " Wilt thou preserve humility and patience in thyself, and teach the like to others ?" "I will." "Wilt thou for the sake of God's holy name be affable and merciful to the poor, to the Btranger, and to all in need ?" " I will." Tbe interrogatories being over, the elect made a profession of his belief in the Beveral doctrines of the Church, anathematising every heresy, and acknowledging the Almighty God as the author of the Old and New Testaments. After these important preliminaries, the Pontifical high mass was commenced, with which, from this point forward, the rite of consecration waB interwoven. When the introductory psalm was recited, and the archbishop was ascending the steps of tbe altar, the elect was conducted to his chapel, and was vested with sandals, pectoral cross, flowing stole, tunic, dalmatic, chasuble, and maniple, and proceeded to recite the Bervice of the maBB, simultaneously with the consecrating prelate, at the high altar. After the tract he was presented again to the archbishop, who instructed him on the duties of his office, saying that the duties of a bishop are to judge, to interpret the Scriptures, to make oblation, to baptise, and to confirm. This pithy but comprehensive summary of his functions being delivered, the consecrator knelt before his seat, the other bishops and clergy knelt in their respective places, and the elect prostrated himself while the Litany of the Saints was being sung, with especial suffrages for the ceremony. The archbishop then took the Book of the GoBpels, and, with the assistance of the other bishops, silently placed it on the neck and Bhoulders of the elect, and in this position it was held till it was delivered to him at a later stage of the ceremony. And now took place the first solemn imposition of hands, each of the three bishops touching the head of the elect with both hands, saying "Accipe Spiriium Sanctum," "Receive the Holy Ghost;" after which, the consecrator's mitre being removed, he offered up the prayer " Propiliare Domine," and proceeded to intone the preface of the mass, which is a leading feature in the rite. In the middle of tbe preface he commenced the " Veni Creator Spirilus," which was immediately taken up by the choir, and while this beautiful hymn was being rendered the head of the elect was anointed with chrism, and the grand preface, so full of sublime prayers and beautiful thoughts, brought to a close. The next interesting feature in the ceremony was the anointing of the hands, after which the crozier was blessed and given to the new bishop, and the ring having been likewise blessed was placed on hia finger. The crozier and ring having been given with due forms, the archbishop received the Book of the Gospels (which had been hitherto held open over the Bhoulders of the elect), closed it, and presented it to the touch of the newly-consecrated, Baying, " Receive the gospel and go forth and preach it to the people committed to thee, for God is powerful to augment Hia grace to thee, who liveth and reigneth world without end. Amen." After this, the new biBhop received the kisB of peace from the consecrator and his assistant prelates, and returned to his chapel, where the chrism was wiped from hia head and hands with crumbs of bread and linen. Mass being continued down to the Offertory, when the elect, with tbe prescribed reverence, made offering of two wax candles, two loaves of bread, and two miniature casks of wine to the consecrator, who received them sitting and mitred. Mass was again continued to the Communion, when both the consecrator and consecrated prelate partake of the same host and chalice. At the conclusion of the masa the mitre of the new bishop was blessed and set upon his head with solemn form as " a helmet of defence and Balvation ;" the gloves were blessed, and, his ring being removed, are placed upon his hands with appropriate prayer. Then the ring was put on the gloved finger, and the consecrator, rising with the assisting prelates, placed the newly-consecrated in his seat, put the crozier in his hand, and, bowing to the altar, commenced the " Te Deum." Wbile the great Ambrosian hymn was beiug magnificently given by the choir, the Right Rev. Dr. Dunne was led by tbe aBBistant bishops round the church, giving hia first episcopal benediction to the congregation. When they returned to the sanctuary an anthem was sung, and the consecrator prayed aloud that God, the Shepherd and Ruler of the faithful, may grant to the newly-consecrated prelate, by word ana example, to benefit those over whom he presides, that with the flock committed to his care he may come to life everlasting. And then the customary reverences and salutations brought the long but highly interesting and impressive ceremony to a close. 