THE LEGEND OF GORIE GRANGE. I am not superstitious, and I flatter myself tbat I am not weak-mioded ; in fact, I do not believe that I am deficient in either moral or physical courage. Show me my foe, and I am always ready and willing to grapple him. Still, there is with most of as, I fancy, a shrinking from anything supernatural, and I am not altogether free from the feeling my self; Yet I would have yon to under stand that I am not a bit of a coward. I wish most especially to impress this upon yonr minds. I am not a coward — I repeat it ; but I am short. Yes, I must confess it, I am altogether a small man, and therefore, although my courage is of the best quality, I am placed sometimes at an nnfair disadvantage. However, what I lack in size I make up for in conversation. Everyone knows Anthony Hare is a great talker. With out beiDg conceited, I believe I may say with truth that I am a most amusing little man, and a favourite in society. I am not a rich man, neither am I a very poor one. What I have is a certainty ; besides which, I have pros pects. My three paternal aunts are very fond of me. I am their ouly masculine rela tion, aud in consequence they think a good deal of me. They are cheery old damsels, above middle age, marvels of javenility in dress and manners, and sprightly as kittens. They resided, generally, in an old red brick honse which they had inherited from their mother's family, and which had, like moBt old country bouses, a legend attached to it But to unravel the truth of the story was more than my aunts had been able to do, there were so many varieties in its telling. It ran something to this effect : tuc gicau gicav tuaicidat gi«uuiai<UCl of these old ladies had owned property in the West Indies, and when returning to England he bronght home with him his negro servant, and went down into Blankshlre to reside in the very red-brick house now inhabited by the Miss Hares — Gone Grange. It was said that their great-gteat-grand- fatber, whose name was Rowe, had brought home with him nntold wealth, but bis style of living certainly proclaimed no such tiling. It was moreover asserted that Mr. Rowe was a miser, and had bidden his money-bags where he believed no one would think of looking for them, bnt that his servant, with a black man's can ning, had ferreted ont the secret These money- bags were mnch talked of in the neighbourhood, bnt no signs of wealth became visible in Mr. Rowe's mode of life. He had chosen his own rooms in a wing which was almost detaehed from the rest of the house, and there he lived a most isolated life. No visitors were invited to the Grange, and the old man had only his servant Sambo and an ancient housekeeper to wait upon him. Mr. Rowe was about seventy years of age, &Bd; had for many years been a widower. His only son he had left at tending to his West Indian property, so he might almost be said to be alone in the world- One morning, abont twelve months after Mr. Rowe's arrival at the Grange, finding that her master did not come down to breakfast, and seeing nothing of Sambotheantiquatedhonsekeeper crawled np the stairs, as well as her ' rheumatics' would let her, and tapped at Mr. Rowe's bed-room door. There was no reply. Again and again she knocked, bnt with no result, and then she essayed to open the door. To her surprise it yielded at once, and as she had used some force, expecting resistance,' she. went in much more qnickly than was at all comfortable to her rheumatic limbs, and fall heavily against the bottom of the four-post oaken bedstead, which filled np a large space in the room. Whether she was stunned she hardly knew ; bnt as she lay there, nnable to rise, a great horror came upon her. She felt that she was in the presence of a terrible scene, and yet she had not the sense to understand it, or take it wholly in. She crept from the room like a stricken animal, never attempting to rise, but crawling away, looking back over ber shoulder from time to time as if she feared to be followed by — Something. In this way she most have regained her kitchen, for there the gardener fonnd her some hoars later, coiled np before the dying embers of the fire, crouching almost against the bars of the grate. He shook her by the shonlder, and she started violently, and began to shiver. That some deed of horror had been enacted in the house he at once perceived, bat of what nature he could not gather from the terror-stricken old woman. He went away and obtained assistance. The report that a tragedy had taken place at Gorie Grange soon spread, and even as tbe horrible has great powers of attraction, the gardener qnickly found volunteers in plenty to accompany him on his voyage of discovery ronnd the old house. In Mr. Rowe's bedroom a dreadful sight met their view. The old man was lying upon the floor with his throat cat. From all appearances the fearful act must have been committed while he was in bed, probably when he was asleep, but it had failed to kill him at once. The old man was powerful and not easily subdued, nor easily killed. To judge from the disturbed state of the room, even after he bad received his death- wound there bad been a severe straggle. Tbat Mr. Rowe had been murdered seemed certain, and so the inquest pro- nuuoceu. uuuw lew mere were wuu averred a belief that he had committed suicide, but all the evidence, medical and otherwise, pointed to murder. Tbe old housekeeper told what little she knew, and little indeed that was, as we have already seen. One of the most strange features of the case was that Sambo bad never been seen or heard of after this shocking event had taken place, and neither dead nor alive was he to be found. Had he killed his master and absconded with his gold, or had be shared the same fete ? If so, what had become of him ? The police were not then what the police are now. Still they appeared to do their ntmost to find a cine to the mystery, but withont euccess ; and from that time, only the legend was left of the great great maternal grandfather of my aunts. Mr. Rowe's son io the West Indies never came home at all, and Gorie Grange was shut up. Years afterwards his son claimed the property, and no one appeared to have any desire to dispnte his right to it. In due course he settled there, but from what I can learn, the wiDg where the tragedy had been enacted had been used by him only as lumber rooms. Whether this was in consequence of the ghastly story attached to them, or whether he had plenty of rooms withont them, I cannot say. This gentleman was the grandfather of my three aunts, and he had no sodb. He left the place to his only daughter, and from her (their own mother) the Miss Hares had inherited it, with the legend attached thereto. Bnt the effects of such stories wane with age, and my aunts thought and cared little abont their great-great-grandfather, and pro bably gave small credence to the blood stained tale. So long as their mother lived (and a very long time that was) there was no talk of awaking the echoes of those un used rooms, shut off as they were from the rest of the house. The old four-post bedstead still stood there. It was too massive to decay, and too handsome to destroy, with its rich and rare carving, aud too unwieldy to move ; so they left it alone. My aunts had lived mnch at the Grange, and a little in London. I bad spent a portion of my time with them yearly, in one place or the other, but I gave the prefer ence to their cosy London residence, small though it was. As I have said before, I was a favour ite with my aunts ; I did my best to amuse them, and I suppose I succeeded. I was what is commonly, bnt snrely erroneously, called ' an idle man.' And yet no man could be more busy. What is it I do ? Well, really, the thiogs are so numerous that I cannot exactly say. But one fact 1 will men tion ; I never have a moment to call my own. And yet everyone dubs me ' an idle man.' It is a little annoying, but it can't be helped, I suppose, as I cannot proclaim that I am a baker, or a batcher, or a lawyer, or a clerk iu the Admiralty, or that I belong to aoy other definite trade or profession. My aunts, however, seemed rather proud of the fact ; and the dear old souls set to work, as soon as the Grange became their own property, to give me a home with them. I knew nothing abont it at all ; bnt they sent for painters, plasterers, and whitewashes, who were followed by deco raters and upholsterers, and tbe discarded wing was restored and refurnished. There was only one article of the old furniture left, and that was the large ancient bedstead. Its carving was so beautiful that they thought I shonld like to retain it. It looked like one of the -old state bedsteads from Hampton Conrt stranded among the pretty modern fur niture. The suite of rooms, three in namber, was prepared for me. I knew I ought to be grateful to my annts for their kindness, and yet I must confess I felt uncomfortable. First, I preferred being my own mas ter ; secondly, I bated the country. Lamp-posts were far more congenial to my taste than trees ; pavements to green fields and tnnddy lanes. And thirdly, as the door of communication with the old wing closed after me with a spring, the story of the mnrder (which I had not thonght of for years) rnshed into my mind, with all its horrors crowding fast and thick one upon the other. Bnt there stood my smiling aunts, and what conld I say ? except how kind this surprise of theirs was, and how pretty I thonght all the things they had selected for my use, and how little I deserved all they had done for me. I made my small speeches cheerfully, but there was a dull weight at my heart I did not like at all being the first sleeper in these apartments. : I vowed to myself that at least that spring door shonld not close me in. I would drive a staple into the wall and fasten it back — a fact I accomplished before bedtime ; after which I felt happier. I took great pains to prevent my aunts fancying that I had any dislike to my new quarters. In fact, as the evening wore on, I had almost ceased to think abont it. I ate a good dinner at eight o'clock, my annts bringing some of their best wine from the cellar in honour of the occasion, and I drank freely. Never was I more brilliant. I kept them, and a few Mends whom they had invited to meet me, in constant roars of laughter. I made myself agreeable and amusing to all, as I can do when I like. The dinner and evening were both a success. Some of the departing gnests of the sterner sex prepared themselves for a cold drive by a glass of hot brandy-and-water, in which I joined them. After they had all gone, I took just one more for a ( J . U J a- _11 uiguic&p; 3 &u;»hu my auuvo bu ruuuu, amidst their reiterated kind wishes tbat I might have a good night and be com fortable, &c.;, A-.c., &c; ., I lighted my candle and went off to my solitary wing. I looked at the door of communication and saw, to my satisfaction, that it was fastened back quite safely. ' If it had been open thus the night that poor old man was murdered,' I thonght, 'his screams conld easily have been beard all over the house.' And then I went into my room and shut the door. A fire was horning in the grate and the window curtains were closed. Now, if there is one thing I dislike, it is to sleep in a darkened room. In strange houBes I often indulge in a night- light, but on this occasion I had not one. So I went to the window, opened the curtains, drew np the blind, and looked out into the starlit night, and saw with joy the pro mise of a rising moon. I inspected the furniture of my room minutely. The bed was some distance from the wall, a fact which I thought might be attribntable to the skirting board, which projected. I examined he old carving npon the bedstead, and acknowledged it to be beautiful. Still, somehow, I wished it ont of the room, for surely it had seen the deed of blood which had been committed there. It was the only witness left, but there it stood, silent and sombre, as though the scene was forgotten which had taken place so long ago — so long ago. I had no desire to hasten to bed. It reminded me of a large plumed hearse. But my candles were burning low, and there was nothing for it but to hnriy be tween the sheets. Once there, deep soon fell upon me and thonght was obliter- How long I slept I know not, bnt suddenly a sensation of horror overcame me. I felt as though I were chaioed to the spot ; spell-bonnd ; nnable to move hand or foot. The moon was shining with a cold white light into the room ; it fell upon the lower cartains of my bed, making them seem like spectres. It gleamed with an unearthly whiteness across the bed itself, and from thence across the room, glancing upon the white panels of the door ; I was constrained to follow its course and observe upon what it shone. Nothing bnt the door ; I conld see its gilt headings. Nothing bnt the door. Still it had a horrible fascination for me, and I watched it, thongh I strove with ail my might to look sway. I could not. All my senses were centred npon it; it enchanted me — it drew me. By degrees I sat up, my eyes riveted upon it. Great Heaven ! was it my fancy ? was I going mad ? It opened — slowly ; how slowly and stealthily ! . . . I was in an agony. I clutched at the bed-clothes witb my clammy, death-cold hands ; great drops of sweat broke out npon my brow. The moon shone in, whiter and more coldly than ever, and from behind the door cautiously there peered in — the face of a black man . He rolled his large dark eyes around the room, and the moon shimmered upon them as they turned ronnd and ronnd in their sockets, and at last fastened them selves on me with a demoniac glare. Never have I suffered aB at that moment I Btrove to scream — it was in vain ; my tongue clave to the roof of my month. I conld utter no sound. His band crept round the door, and gleaming there in the moon-light with a cruel flash, I saw a long slender knife. Still I conld not speak. He entered the room ; a large powerful negro. He tarned his back to me, and noiselessly closed the aoor. x maae a Bnperfauman effort ; I straggled to free myself from the fearful terror which rendered me powerless to save my life. I sprang from the bed, thanking God there was room for me behind it, and my awfnl visitor advanced in the moonlight as I crept yet closer against the walL I I conld see him between the curtains. He had not noticed that I had deserted the bed. He stood betide it, and a cruel laugh broke from him ; his white ferocious teeth glistened like those of a wild beast. His eye-balls seemed to emit fire. Witli a devilish chuckle he raised his knife, and brought it down suddenly into the shallow where I had bun. A cold shiver ran through me ; my teeth chattered in my head ; my knees shook tinder ma Nothing but my Intense feat; and an instinct of self-pre- servation, prevented me from feinting. He drew ont his dsgger-like knife, and looked npon it eagerly for my life-blood — it was not there. He crouched like a tiger abont to spring npon bis victim, a wild beast baulked of his prey ; his breath came hot and thick and furions ; it rose like steam from his dilated nostrils. I watched him, I conld not help it. I felt I must see what he was about, even if it cost me my life. Suddenly he discovered me, and crept after me with a cat-like movement from behind the bed. As he followed me I moved on, hiding by tarns behind the cart&ins; We both kept stopping to look where the other was, and each time, between the curtains, I met hie cruel rolling eyes and his demoniacal grin. He was gaining upon me ! I never stayed to look at Mm now, and yet I could see the horrible gleam of Me eyes and teeth ae he rushed on through the moonlight, could feel his breath npon my neck as, he pressed after me more closely. . On I Bped for my life, faster, faster, faster. The whole room seemed to be whirling round and everything in it ; and I could go no quicker ; yet I knew that he gained npon me. I flung np my eyes wildly ; I saw the flash and gleam of Ms upraised knife ; I felt that it was descending — I shut my eyes that I might not see it — but I could ntter no sound. It fell with a cruel, sharp, sudden pain, and I sprang forward with a fearful, prolonged yelh My screams resounded throngh the old honse, scream upon scream ; awaking my annts and the servants, from sonnd slum ber into terrified consciousness. They hnddled together in groups of peculiar, if not pictnresqne, costumes ; and still my unearthly screams fell npon their ears. They armed themselves with pokers and other fire-irons, the bntler manfully taking the lead with a loaded revolver. Thus this motly crew entered my room. I was screaming still sitting np in bed, staring in front o me with dilated, terrified eyes. The women servants who carried lamps raised them, and they looked at me. The unusual noise and the moving lights qnicxiy aroused me, togetner witn my aunts, voices. ' Tony, Tony !' they exclaimed, ' what is the matter ? What have yon seen ?' Matter enongh,' I replied foolishly. ' I have seen Sambo's ghost I' \- The women servants shrank closer together, (and shivered, and all present exchanged uncomfortable glances, while 'the "bntler, finding his enemy conld not be reached with powder and shot, showed no inclination to remain in the ghostly precincts. As I looked at the rampant carl papers of my annts, a sense of the ludicrous overcame me, and I began to laogh. ' Poor dear, he is quite hysterical,' cried one of them anxiously. ' Yon shall never sleep here again, Tony, be snre of that.' But I can't help laughing still, for the carl papers were so animated. Nothing would persuade the dear old lamina hub thab T ohnnlil ha waim wll they hustled me into a dressiog-gown, and harried me ont ot the room to a snug little box near their own, where my clothes were deposited by the butler, who conld not, however, be indnced to go back for my razors aad brushes, which he had forgotten, bat promised to fetch them in the morning. The door of communication with the haunted wing was locked and bolted, and they who had beds returned to them, while I rolled myself np in my railway rag, and finished my night in an easy chair. I have told you before that I am not a coward ; ami J should have had no objection to reeume my sleep on the old oak bedstead. Bat my aunts we're obdurate ; they would not permit it. ' The next morning, at breakfast, my oldosb omit. hflffnn t A ntllnnn nra'tfA going to pull it down.' ' Pull it down 1' I repeated ; ' pall what down, Aunt Jem ?' ' Why, the wing to be sure — what else ?' ' Pull down the wing j I echoed aghast ; ' just after havmg it so beauti fully done up— and for me, too ! Oh, nonsense, my dear aunt ; what is tbe matter with it V My dear Anthony, it shan't stand one brick npon another after what hap pened last night.' ' Well, and what did happen, do yon think ?' Yon saw— oh, 1 can't bear to speak of it, it is too dreadfnl — and I never believed in it : really I never did.' ' Believed in what ?' I questioned. ' Why, in the legend attached to this house.' lNor have I,' I replied quietly, 'and never will.' What ! not after seeing it ?' cried all my annts in a breath. ' I did nothing of the kind, my dear aunts. It was a dream : nothing but a nightmare, I can assure. I ate veal for dinner, and it never agrees with my digestion. Don't give it me again, and I shall eee no more of my friend Sambo. He is a ferocious-looking fellow, aud once was quite enough I can tell you.' But all I conld say was of no avail. Another bed-room was prepared for me, and orders were that very day issued for the destruction of the old wing, which had held its own against time and tradition so long. I continned to expos tulate. It seemed such a pity to pull down the place because I had dreamt that Sambo had paid me a visit ; and so I told my aunts. ' Yon may call it a dream, Tony,' said annt Jem, solemnly, ' bnt we consider it a vision. It ought to have been razed to the ground long and long since.' What was to be done with the bed- am.au auu an in, wuiiuertui uiu carving ! I begged that it might be preserved, it was so handsome. It would make into a splendid sideboard, book-shelves, and dinner waggons. But my annts were resolute. If the story were true at all, the murder had been committed on that very bed ; it should be burnt. They had kept it, believing the legend to be a romance ; but now they had changed their opinion, and nothing shonld remain connected with that deed of blood. I felt a sort of pity for the noble bedstead, and for the old rooms too, since it was through me that they were to be de molished. The modern furniture had been re moved to the other part of the honse, and the work ot destruction was abont to begin. I felt constrained to go and look on at it. I found the workmen were already ronghly polling down the royal old bedstead. I should have liked to save it even now, bnt I could hit npon no plan to induce my aunts to change their rather strong minds. One of the posts fell heavily, and tbe whole fabric came down with a great crash, felling partly against the wall and : the projecting skirting-board. I noticed a sharp click, and wondered what it conld be, bnt amid the noise of the felling oak it was not heeded by the workmen. When the wreck of the bed- Stead was removed, I saw that the slanting skirting - board had shifted!,, and pointed it out to one of the men. .They gathered round and examined it, seemingly much puzzled ; for the board had a concealed spring which had burst open from the sadden concussion. The builder, after looking at it for a few momenta in silence; carelessly replaced the skirting- board, saying there was nothing to stare at in that. Bus when the old bedstead was safely ont of tbe way, he ordered the men to continue their work of demolition else where, and theu he came and touched me on the arm. Ie there any truth, sir, iu the tale that people tell about the mnrder of an old miser in this room 1' ' Yon have asked a question I cannot answer,' I replied. My aunts' great - great - grandfather, Mr. Rowe, is said to have been murdered here by his negro servant, and because I dreamt I saw Samho the other night, my dear old aunts wiU pall the place down.' ' Perhaps they are right; sir,' answered the builder. ' Have yon any objection to telling me all you have heard about the mnrder ?' Not in the least; if yon really care to hear such rabbish.' And I told him in as few words as I conld. ' And now, sir, wonld yon think me impertinent if I beg you to tell me your dream.' I was rather amnsed at the request, but I did as he asked me. He listened attentively, then regarded me gravely. 'That was no dream, sir; there is more in this than you would seem to tninK. x snouia not oe surprised if we come npon something in palling down this wing. At any rate, I should like to work ont the meaning of this spring in the skirting-board.' ' All right,' I laughed. ' Do as you like, and Fll see fur play.' The builder lay down npon the floor removed the board, and peered in ; after a few moments he glanced sharply ronnd the room, and Ms eyes rested on a cupboard.' He at once rose and went to it ; open ing the door he remarked quietly : Ah 1 I thonght as mnch.' I followed him and looked over his shonlder. The back of the cupboard had swung ronnd, and there was a narrow passage beyond. We both gazed eagerly into it, bnt it was as dark as night. ' We most have a lantern,' he said, and I offered to fetch him one; an offer wMch he accepted, and remained on gUJllU BU IUU UtiUil XV WBO OUU1U VilMQ before I returned, for a lantern conld not at first be fonnd. When I did, he was still waiting at the cupboard. We crept along the narrow passage, he leading the way with the light. The air was damp and offensive. ' Let us get out of this horrid hole,' I gasped, hardly able to breathe in the close, foul atmosphere. Tbe passage, which had been so narrow as barely to admit of our shoul ders, now tarned two ways. One down some steep steps, and the other np some scarcely less steep. We therefore des cended slowly, for it was very slippery. We were bronght np suddenly by a thick, clamped door in the walL ' This has been a secret entrance, evidently,' said the bnilder; 'bnt the bars are meted in, and the key is gone.' side,' I answered. ' It is covered with ivy, centnries old, he replied, quietly. ' Yon wonld not be likely to see it, but I am not sur prised to find it is there.' ' You seemed surprised at nothing,' I remarked rather testily, for the man's calm superiority of manner irritated me. ' I certainly Bnspected there was a passage there ; I will tell you why when I can breathe better, sir. Will you kindly take the lantern. You will have to lead now ; there is not room for me to pass yon. I had to do as I was requested ; there was no choice in the matter ; bat I con fess I preferred the bailder's being in front ; he was twice my size, and there fore it seemed more fitting that he should be the leader. ' Shall we go back ?' I aBked. ' I am stifled.' ' We had better go np the stepB,' he replied ; and I conld not refuse. At tbe top of them there was quite a little lobby, and I felt glad to get ont of the narrow passage ; so I stepped on quickly without looking where I went My feet caught in something on the gronud, and I nearly fell down ; the lantern came in contact with the wall and was extinguished. It was hor rible to be thus shut up in the dark in a place worse than the worst of dungeons, and I felt aB sick as death. ' Have yon dropped the lantern ?' asked the builder, quietly. ' It will be bad travelling back without it, but I suppose I must try.' ' For Heavens sake don't leave me in this forsaken place,' I cried. ' Try and find the lantern then, sir ; I will strike a match.' He did so, and held it np ; I groped for the lantern in the dim light it shed, and clasped something ; I raised it to wards the match. ' Great Heavens !' I screamed, ' what 13 11 1 But before he could distinguish what I held in my hand the flickering match had burnt out. I had seen it, and let it drop in horror. It was a human skull. ( To he concluded in our next. J 