Ibousebolb. ON SLEEP AND NERVOUS UNEEST. By a Family Doctor. There is, in this busy continent which the Briton calls his homo, a very large proportion of human beings — many of them well enough off, pecuniarily speaking — to whom tho world is all a worry, and life a long-continued fever. People of this class are not invalids in the strict meaning of the term, although they oftentimes suffer far more than the generality of* invalids. Pleasures they never know ; hard . work is a weariness ; and yet thoy are unable to enjoy their leisuro when they obtain it. Their symptoms, mental and bodily, taken collectively, constitute a disease which, for want of a better, I designate by the namo of nervous unrest. A person so suffering does not consider himself ill, nor is he looked upon as a subject for condolence by those with whom he comes into daily contact. How could he be ? Hq does not look a bit like the ghost of Banquo at tho feast ; when you meet him in tho street tho smile rises readily enough to his lips, and merriment oven may sparkle in his oye. . If you Bearch for anything lugubrious, you will search in vain. ( He is a ready talker, a ready listener, and, in business, a perfect ready reckoner. If you ask his opinion about any question of moment, you have not to wait long for your reply, Ho will be down at the bottom ofthe page, down at the Q. E. D., in less time than it would hove taken most men to arrange their.premisc. His friends say of such a man, ' Poor so-and-so ! he never was very robust in health, but how wonderfully lively ho is!' while his enemies — if ho has any — put him down as bird- witted, and pro phesy his sudden extinction somo day like the snuff of a candle. Vory kind of both friends and foes, I must say, but, as a rule, both are in some degree mistaken. For, in all likelihood, hardly iias he shaken hands with you, with a hurried uu rcvoir, until he heaves a sigh ; and if you could see your friend sometimes, when he is nil alone, you would not think there was much merriment about him ; genuine, mind you, though his manner may have beon when you met him in the street. In his moments ol loneliness, were he to ask himself the question, ' Am I happy ?' tho answer would be, No ; I never know what it means to be happy.' Perhaps, though— and this is a proof of the truth of Pope s lines ; Hope springs eternal in tho human brcadt ; Man never is, but always to be, blest' — he promises himself happiness some day, even in this world, when he shall have done this, or accomplished that, or succeeded to that other, forgetting that true happiness lies only in contentment with one's present con dition and legitimate lot in life. But while his frionds may bo right enough in saying that our patient — for so I must coll liim — was never very robust, provided that ho possesses blood free from any hereditary taint, and a heart not over-dilated, thoro is good chance of his giving his foes tho lio, and not going out like the snuff of a candle. People suffering from this fever of life, this nervous unrest, seldom look strong ; thoy do not cany abundance of muscle, and therefore aro unfit for any long-continued bodily strain; but, nevertheless, the strength of theirmusclc, compared to its size, seems often out of all proportion, and this enables them to do in one hour that which it would tako a heavily built man three to perform. Do not marvel at this, pray, nor doubt tho truth of what I am telling you. Nervous forco is a wonderful thing. I liavo seen a boy of soveritecn in a fit of cxcitemcnt and passion, whom it re quired the united strength of four men to hold down. Nor do men who suffer from tho com plaint wo are considering bond very easily be fore tho storms of life, blow they over so wildly ; littlo things annoy them moro, and sorrow itself, whioh seems at first ready to crush them, is, after a time, east asido by tho very resiliency of their nervous systems. And so, too, they may for a time' succumb, and that readily enough, to tho littlo ailments of life, to trifling colds, or rheums, or aches, but' these seldom lead to anything very sorious ; they pass speedily away, and the samo causes which piay produce deadly inflammations in the lieavy-bodied and plethoric, will, ten to one, bo productive in tho nervous of only somo trifling inconvenience. The reader will observe that I am talking about tho sufferer from nervous unrest, ns. what people call a somewhat spare man. And so ho is; a person of tho true norvous temperament is novcr obese. But, it may bo observed, do wo not frequently seo fat people who aro exceedingly nervous? No, I reply ; tho term is misapplied : such people suffer from timidity, not from truo nervous ness ; and such timidity has its scat at the heart, which is generally flaccid or fatty, and always easily agitated. Your truo nervous man is a brave man. He may march into a battle, up to the cannon's mouth oven, with a feeling of dread, something tolling him he will never return ; but ho goes thero all the same, and once face to faco with something to fight, bo it fire or sword or stormy wave, fear is all, all forgotten in the excitement of conquering or being 'conquered. They are heroes then. Yes ; undoubtedly the hour of reaction comes sooner or later, and they are low and miserable enough when it does ; but, aftor all, to people of the nefvous tempera ment must be granted the credit of boine tho salt of the earth, and I really do not Eee how this world could wag along without them. . But, inasmuch as people who suffer from nervous unrest, are possessors of a sorrow, none the less acute, because it is borno silently, and uncomplainingly — inasmuch ns nervous unrest is a wearying, heart-breaking burden in itself, that, if not eased and lightened, in creases with years, bears down tho frame, and even enshrouds with a gloom that can not be penetrated, the latter end of many a long and useful life — therefore, I do not think I nm wrong in considering it a disease, and trying to prescribe means for its alienation. Well then, in the first place, the sufferer from nervous unrest, often longs for the quiet of retirement. If free, he thinks, from tho world's bustle and care, he would be all right. He longs for the wings of tho morning, in order to fly away, and be at rest. This is a mistake. To be always basking in the sun snineot excitement, always mtne midst ol tne battle of life, or always engaged in the excit ing gamble of business, is killing, but a cer tain amount of excitement is necessary to the very existence of a pa-son of the nervous teiri perament. Without it, ho would droop and die, like a tender plant placed in a semi darkened room, into which the sun never shines, nor the fresh air finds access. By judicious management of the digestive organs you supply the nerves with the elements of nutrition. The great object of the nervous should be, as far as the body is concerned, to establish and keep up a correct balance between tho blood and the nervous system. Sufferers from nervous unrest think and live faster than do others, and thero is a greater waste of tissue, causing a drain on the system, which must be met by a due supply of healthy nutriment. It is when the demand is greater than this sup ply, that hours of depression ensue, hours of unhappiness and misery by day, and sleep lessness or broken rest at night. Regulation and due selection of diet are therefore im perative, if a certain degree of happiness and comfort in living is to be obtained. Tho stato of tho stomach and digestive organs must be carefully studied ; whatever is known to dis agree must be avoided. Tho food should be taken as regularly as possible, day after day at the same hour, and not in too largo quan tities. Alieartymcal,to the nervous, produces a certain degree of excitement, which is as suredly followed by slight dyspepsia, the only symptoms of which may be peevishness and irritability. Tho food should not be sloppy , and too much liquid should be avoided. No work should be done for half an hour after eating. Breakfast should bo early, dinner in the middlo of the day, and supper three hours at least before going to bed. But a lunch or milk biscuit may bo oaten a short time before re tiring. Perfect sleep will not be obtained if tho stomach bo entirely empty ; indeed, going to bed with an empty stomach is generally followed by getting up next morning with that organ partially disturbed by gas, nauseating juices, and bile itself. The food should be nourishing, but at the samo timo, substantial. The stomach is composed of muscular tissue, and deteriorates if not exercised : a truth which few are aware of, but which facts prove. But yon must do more : the blood must be as pure as possible ; it must be decarbonised by plenty of fresh air ; while the heart, the great centre propeller, must be invigorated and kept up to the mark by a due proportion of exercise. ^This must on no account be carried to the verge of fatigue. Food, fresh ah-, and exercise act then on tho nervous system through the blood, but the nerves are directly braced and toned by means of the cold or tepid sponge-bath, with occa sionally a warm vapour or hot-air bath. Chango of scene and change of climate aro nearly always beneficial to the sufferers from nervous unrest. Most cases arc benefited by seaside or mountain air, but to some, life in the country ' parts where trees wavo and fields aro green, is more soothing than cal mative. But relaxing climates on the one hand, and exciting on the other, are as a rulo to bo avoided. When I speak of climates, I must be understood to mean those of our own country ; but a sea- voyage does much good. . Is there no relief to be had from medi cines? Sometimes thero is, but it is not well-sustained. Flying for help to the Pharmacopoeia iB not a habit to bo recom mended, and I would advise tho nervous patient to tako no medicine without first consulting a physician— cod- liver oil probably excepted; but thisismoreafood than aphysic, and does much good as a calmative in cases where it is readily digested. I have, last of all, to say a word or two about sleep — ' tired Nature's sweet restorer.' The italics are mine, not tho poet's. I wiali there by to draw the reader's attention to tho fact, that, unless a due proportion of muscular exercise be taken during tho day, the sleep by night will not be refreshing. Exorcise is the first preparation for sleep, and after supper, which, I have already said, should be early, tlio mind must not be allowed to dwell upon any thoughts that excite or annoy. It is a good plan to read for some time before going to bed, and one pipo of good tobacco may be allowed. Do not read in bed, but road m your bedroom,: perhaps lying on tho sofa, in com fortablo deshabille, and ready, whenever the inclination to sleep steals over you, to get gently and softly between tho sheets, The room Bhould be quiet and dork, with the window-curtains drawn to exclude the too obtrusive morning light. Tho temperature of tho room should, if possible, bo Bustained at about 55 dog. or 80 deg. Bank the fire, else it will go out, and the temperature will fall, to your detriment. Tho bed itself should be moderately hard, but very smooth and oven, tho bcdclothcs light and warm, and tho pillows soft nnd rather high. Tho room should lie judioiously ventilated, and tho curtains should not go right round tho bed. I need scarcely add that narcotics or sleeping draughts nre most injurious, whether in tho shape of opiates or that slow but certain poison called chloral hydrate. In conclusion, if ho vnlues his life nnd com fort, tho sufferer from nervous unrest must do his best to avoid over-excitcmont of all kinds, both bodily and mental, nnd endeavour to mointain tho mens sunn ill corpora sano, which, for once in a way, I must translate as a pure mind in a pure body. 