the storyj)f a life. CHAPTER XXIV. , 1 AM PENNILESS AND HUNGRY. Ii'UTout my candle and looked over tlio way, iind thought of the Wiltons. I could hardly realise ail (he changes that had, taken place. 1 forgive Emmy for her unkindness to me. My heart ached for her. "They made me do it." Surely Tom Folgate bad not helped Emmy to believe that I had behaved badly in visiting Julia Belmont ? I hid often thought that something might come between Emmy and Tom to prevent their marriage. That Mrs. Hitching would be the evil genius of Emmy's life I never dreamed. Toiii, somehow, did not believe in Emmy, .perhaps it was .because he did not believe in himself. He never trusted Jier implicitly, ancf lie never-trusted himself. Emmy, like a young woman of the world, 110 doubt, tried to hurry on her engagement into matrimony. Whe ther she used more than the cus tomary arts of the sex, I know not. I think Tom might have been con quered by loving, gentle, tender Wiles'; but Emmy was proud, and a viifle worldly. And what was Folgate ? Passion's slave ■ A way ward, uncertain fellow, without moral ballast, and yet one of those iua!ily-- looking, outspoken, hot headed, generous—seeming men whom-men like and whom women admire. I used to love Tom Fol gate. I had a sneaking affection for him, notwithstandinuthat elope ment ; but he behaved like a villain, and he has two blighted lives to nnswer for. So far as Mrs. Mi tell ing is concerned, she made as much h've to Tom as he made to her. ILcrsin be upon her own head. But poor Mitching and Emmy Wilton, Tom Folgate blasted their lives en tirely. What a break-up it was! It seemed to me as if I wa<an old man in sorrow. What experiences I had had ! None so young, I thought, could have seen the way strewn with so many vrrecked hopes. And yet the moon, 'like a silver bow bent in heaven,' shone out serenely as I stood at the window contem plating that sign of misery, * to let.' i watched it sailing on with a bright sentinel star in company. I watch ed itcal'.fity pass over the spot where the river slipped away through the meadtiws. I watched it glimmer upon the red roofs of the H igh-street 1 watched it shine on' thai white, ghost-like board over way, and I spelt out the letters once more, " to ■lot," Then 1 thought of the sid house at Stonyfield, and the church yard ; and a silent, prayerful hope Oocagjgd my lips that God would turn Tiiy father's heart towaids me. I saw my mother's pale face in that 'larbojirford divaui, and heard her poor,*i>roken voice, 1 0 moon 1' I said, ' wfcat a bitter lot i.-s mine !' The "pale1 queen ° only sailed on with her attendant star ; but there wa« something hopeful, neverthe less, in the clear bright night, Per haps Esther, 1 thought, is looking out into the moonlight; and I stood in fancy by her side with the moon beams tenderly clasping her dear lithe figure, the ivy of that old manor-house rustling in the low; murmuring breeze. ' I will be true to thee, Esther,' I said aloud ; and i repeated over and over again those dear words in pencil, ' they made me do it. I do love y^u.' I closed the window at last. Soon afterwards the moon shone into the room, as if it had heard my com plaint and was sorry for me. 