Chapter II.—Mine Own Familiar Fries o. As I went to the door I saw Miss Mullens coming down the stairs looking quite elate and triumphant. "Don't you want to speak to me, Miss Mullens," cried Morris, in quite dulcet tones. " Oh, no, thank you; I have transacted my business with Mr. Blackweli," said the young woman, tripping forward. I hastened to open the door for her, our eyes met, she smiled her thanks. And then it struck me all of a sudden there was a chance of finding out about Miles—this young woman is one of the craft no doubt. And when the publisher's door had closed behind us I ven tured to stride after Miss Mullens and ask the question. " Indeed, I'll he very glad to tell you any thing I know," said Miss Mullens, with a fearless glance from her dark grey eyes. There was just the suspicion of a brogue in her voice, which was a very pleasant one. The traffic in Fleet- street was rather deafen ing, and so we turned into a quiet bye-way and then upon the Thames embankment. Yes, Miss Mullens had a slight knowledge of Miles—had met him sometimes at Black well's office, and as members of the same craft they had fraternised to the extent of walking along Fleet-street together. But she liad seen nothing of him since the winter of two years ago. Perhaps he had gone abroad. Just as likely he was dead, for he was looking very ill. when she saw him last. And the daughter, yes, poor girl, it would be hard for her, no doubt, if she had been left alone in London. But otberpeople's daughters had also to fight for daily bread, and found it hard enough to win their share in the general scramble. Miss Mullens spoke feel ingly, but not without cheerfulness, " You find Blackweli rather hard to deal with," I suggested, sympathisinglr. Well, Miss Mullens opined that en the whole' he was not a bad sort of fellow. She used to think him hard when she first began to write, but having since had more expe rience of the trade she had come to think much more favorably of old Blackweli. Somehow I didn't like the notion of losing sight of Miss Mullens altogether, although we had readied by this time the Temple station, which was her destination. I was anxious to find out something about Miles, and also to improve my acquaintance with the young woman herself. "I must leave you here," cried Miss Mullens for the second time, but lingering still. "One moment," I cried. "I am really very anxious about the Miles family, especi ally about the daughter, and can't you help me ?" I told her in a few words the little story. How I had loved the mother, and how her father had been my earliest friend. Told her, too, of the face I had seen from the window of my hotel, and of the misgivings I had felt for the poor girl from that moment—mis givings dissipated for the time, but now re newed with greater force than ever. " And you are quite sure," said Miss Mul lens, who had listened with full attention. "You are quite sure that Morris knows nothing—has no clue? Oh, I have no reason to think he has !" (in reply to a questioning look) "only—well, wasn't Miss Miles rather a nretty girl ?" " She promised to be," I said, and showed her the photo which I had kept when I so foolishly destroyed poor Miles's, along with his letter. " Yes," she said, thoughtfully, looking at the portrait. ''That is a face some men would go wild after—a face too good to be lost in the wilds of London." " It shan't be,"I cried. " We will findher. You and I, Miss Mullens." The young woman's face glowed for a moment as if she shared my enthusiasm. And then a cold shade came over it. " Now, look here, Mr. — Wallace, is it? If you, or if you like it better, if we, should find this young person, pray what good can we do her ?" "I am rich, Miss Mullens," I cried, in reply. " I am rich, and can help her." Miss Mnlleus with that taking a dainty pair of eye-glasses, fixed them on the bridge of her nose and looked at me with a mix ture of fun and sarcasm that rather discon certed me. "People of your kind are so rare incur walk of life that you must pardon my having a good look at yon." Till that moment I had not thought Miss Mullens good-looking, hut now the sallow, mobile face and dark saucy eyes, set off in some way by the glasses across her nose, be came positively charming. "Well, riches are all very well," continued Miss Mullens impatiently, " but if the young woman is in a respectable way of earning her living, your help will only demoralise her. And if she isn't—ccme Mi*. Wallace—if she isn't in a respectable way, as may very well happen, why then you will wash your hands of her in the usual Pharasaical manner." But I shook my head. " I hadn't learnt," I said, " such morals up Arizona Peak way, and whatever the girl might have turned to she was still the daughter of my best friend and of the only woman I had ever really loved, and if I found her in the very pit of destruction I'd have her out or tumble in myself." "That's right, friend Crajsus," said the young woman, holding out her hand; " I like your way of going on, and if Hester Mullens can help you she will. Now, let me think." Miss Mullens seated herself upon one of the iron benches of the embankment and gave herself up to thought. It was a fine breezy day, with a full tide in the river, which was crowded with long lines of grimy barges at the tail of still more grimy tugs, while sad colored steamers loaded with passengers plied to and fro, from pier to pier. Below us a hollow rumbliug and roaring of under ground trains, accompanied by a whiff of steam and cinders every now and then from some crack in the earth's crust, while behind us the red brick buildings of the Temple glowed in a setting of flowers and flower beds all still and deserted. By the time I had taken in all this Miss Mullens had recovered from her reverie, and said— " I have just got the least ghost of a clue," she said. "Miles was addicted to writing pamphlets, I fancy, and sending copies of them to his acquaintances, and I remember he sent me one—the very last thing I ever heard of him—I didn't read it, for it was about a murder, and murders don't interest me; they are not my genre, don't you see, butpossibly 1 haven't destroyed it, and I might he able to find it." "But if you, Miss Mullens, were lucky enough to find this pamphlet, how could that advance us ?" " Why ?" said Miss Mullens, elevating her eyebrows at my stupidity. "The pamphlet must have a publisher, or at all events a printer; most likely some small man who would probably be on more intimate terms with Miles than Blackwell & Co." I caught at the notion. But I had an un easy feeling that no timewastobe lost. "And could Miss Mullens look for that pamphlet at once,and let mehave it ?" MissMuileus seemed doubtful. "It's a hundred to one I haven't got it," she said; " Now, I remember, I have changed rooms since then, and sold all my waste paper to the rag and bone man. It's ten hundred to one against it; but what does that matter after all," she said, her face brightening up. "We shall find it at the British Museum, so come along." " At the British Museum," I cried, rather awe struck. "JDo you mean to say they would put Miles's pamphlet into the museum ?" Miss Mullens laughed again her hearty laugh. " Bid yon never hear of the museum library, and don't you know that everything in the shape of a printed book finds its way there? Come along, we'll dart across to there in no time." And the little woman, who looked so fagged atBlaekwell'a office, brightened up with great energy and vigor. But I insisted on a cab. "Ah, yes, I forgot you were a Croesus," said Mis'a Mullens. "We must have a cab, then." When the cab had discharged us upon the Museum steps, and we had passed under the frowning portico into the hall where cata logues are sold and people's umbrellas and sticks taken care of. Miss Mullens left me to gaze about at sculptures and inscriptions while she darted oif to some office to get me a ticket for the day for the reading-rooms; as for herself she had a permanent ticket. Presently she reappeared, and beckoned me to follow her through a long corridor guarded by two officials, who scrutinised our passports for a moment, and into the big silent dome filled with a dusty kind of sun shine and the soft gleam of gilt bindings. "How for a local habitation," she cried, leading me along rather bewildered by the novelty of the scene and the circular arrange ment of things that made my head turn round in sympathy. And we found two unoccupied seats, and then went to the cir cular counter, where the catalogues were kept, huge volumes with brazen edges—a big library in themselves—full of nothing but the names of hook-'. Keally the Miles's occupied a very respect able position in literature, and filled up quite a number of pages in the catalogue. Miss Mullens had to turn over leaf after leaf several times before she came to the entry she wanted. "Here we are," she cried at last, pointing to a printed slip. "Press mark, C4u65. Miles, Marmaduke, Homi cide made easy, a Comment on the Crompton street Murder, London, 1879, 8vo." Miss Mullens instantly made out a requisition for the publication on a printed form, which she threw into a basket upon an inner counter. And then we went back to our seats, and began to converse. "Hot too loud," said Miss Mullens, "for there's a rule against talking, only nobody pays attention to it." And indeed there was a general hum of voices audible. " I call it the whispering gallery," said Miss Mullens. I rather blessed that rule about talking, for the sound of the subdued tones of Miss Mullens's voice was very bewitching, and it was pleasant to have to whisper back again. In about half an hour an attendant made his appearance with M iles's brochure, neatly hound in the museum binding—the most respectable-looking copy extant, no doubt. The publisher's name was on the title-page—one John Wylie, of 963, High Holborn. And with this it occurred to me that this was the address given in the letter I had destroyed. "Close at hand," cried Miss Mullens;; "come, don't stop to read it." And we both of us felt that here the tiail was pretty clear and distinct. " Eh, dear," said a little dried-up looking man, pushing back his spectacles and regard ing us through his bright, keen little eyes, " there's somebody come about Miles at last then. Did he send you for his letters that's been lying here these two years ? and has he sent the balance of two-seventeen-and sax that's been owing aye whiles longer?" It was difficult to make Mr, Wylie under stand that we had no mission of the kind. He cultivated a convenient kind of deafness. But when he realised . that we were really friends of Miles, and interested in finding him out, he took us into his little back shop, and listened gravely enough. But he had no fresh information to give us. His account tallied with that of Mr. Morris. Miles had called upon Mm one winter day two years ago and more—had come expecting to.draw his share of the profits of the pamphlet. Mr. Wylie had published other pamphlets as well as this, on a land of parte e^hip basis, to share profits and losses with the author. And the other brochureshad turned out well, and profitable to all parties, but this last had not taken at all. The murder itself had fallen fiat upon the public mind, and the pamphlet still flatter. So that after all this "two-seventeen-six" was not a heavy hill against poor Miles, although not an en couraging reward for his pains and trouble. "Could Mr. "Wylie remember any of the circumstances of this last visit ?" Mr. Wylie put on his considering cap. "Aye, I mind there was a hit of a girl with him — his daughter, niebbe; and_ she seemed mighty careful of Mm, poor thing; and it was a cold, snowy day, and Miles was shaken by a^vcry bad cough. And he felt disappointed, no doubt, though he carried things always with a pretty Mgh hand." The little Scotchman also remembered another circumstance. There was a letter awaiting him from abroad, for Wylie had taken in his letters for some time before; and this letter, wMch he had opened eagerly, seemed also a kind of blow to him. He put his hand to his heart and muttered. Mr. Wylie remembered the remark because it was "a bit out of the Screepturs," and Miles in a general way was not given to quoting texts, hut, he had turned quite white, and murmured, " Even mine own familiar friend !" 