? ' GARNER'S THEATRE. HYPERION SURPRISE PARTY. Professor A. E. Rice opened his season last night to an audience which, despite the welcome wei weather, was flirty numerous. He had wisely doeed the gallery, his entertainment being more especially suited for a hall with one floor. The Academy of Music, we believe, would have formed a more convenient Bcene of operations. The Profoaaor's chief claim on public attention ii undoubtedly the possession of a peculiar faealty termed by him "mindreading." In a few pleasant preliminary remarks Mr. Bice stated his pretensions. He asserted that, with closed eyes, the whole room andbalongings remained visible to him exactly in the same way as everything appeared to the audience. Sis own mind is Drought into a weak or negative condition—a state of receptivity—and can be dominated by a strong thinker. The figure of any object in the room being forcibly impressed on the mind of another person, Professor Rice by some extraordinary process is enabled to see this mental picture—to feel the linespressed will of a stranger—and to find the object. Bat it is necessary that the image should bebroeghtand kept before the mental vision resolutely and unfalteringly. There are sente men who, as ttie Professor remarked, cannot think at all He does not undertake to read their minds. Modestly enough, Mr. Rice prepared his audience for failure rather than success during his first two or three tests. But one faiinre,howe ver.can be recorded against him, and the exposition of his novel attribute moved a perfect and startling triumph. He seems to deal masterfully with the impalpable motions of thought, and evidently treats with the long-talked-of " bram-waves" theory as though he had reduced its misty essences to utilitarian practice. He may not be the first who has publicly demonstrated th& sympathy which exists between one mind and another, but we venture to assert that so genuinely wonder' ful a performance has never before been exhibited in Adelaide. In response to the Professor's invitation, Messrs. Peterswald, Salom, Stuart, Degenhardt, and two gentle men whose names we do not know, mounted the stage and acted as a committee. After making the condition that each must think of nothing about his own person, Mr. Rice held the first committeeman by the hand, closed his eyas, pressed the knuckles against his forehead, convulsively twitched the ends of the committeeman's fingers, led him from the stage down to the back of the stalls^ wandered for a while as though puzzled, and, after . making the one error referred to, grasped the top of a gentleman's walking - stick. The committeeman admitted that the Professor was rightin his selection, and the audience to think there was something real about "mind-reading." Repeating preliminaries with the second committeeman, that worthy was also led. about the stalls, where several attempts were made to find the object im pressed on Ids brain. Soon the Professor, holding the committeeman by the fingers led him back to the stage, and straight •w&yclutched; Mr. SaLom's eyeglass. Divina lion was never more correct. Superintendent Peterswald's turn came next. With the wilinesa of a boss policeman, the i tendent had arranged that Mr. T. D. Smeaton, seated in the dress-circle, should carry concealed in his waistcoat a small Inch-role. Up to the dress- circle pro ceeded Professor Rice, for once taking the Superintendent into custody. After fumbli among the smallclothes of several sorpris gentlemen, Professor Bice paused, somehow obtained a stronger idea of the locality wanted, and main Tig straight for Mr Smeaton brought the small inch-rule to light. Mr. Salom chose a tiny cannon hanging on Mr. Stuart's watch-cham. The operation of findingthis article occupied more time. This arose nom the fact that so many persons present wore watch-chains with ornaments suspended, and that for some few minutes Professor Rice could not mentally discern the peculiar shape of the cannon. After a pause, as it were, to refresh himself, and gain intenser hold over the outwardly unseen image, he led Mr. Salom to his confrere and grasped the cannon. The next test caused considerable amusement. Mr. Degenhardt imaging the parting of a a person's hair who placed this division in the middle. It happened that two gentlemen in the stalls so arranged their ambrosial locks, and, personally, we. should say there was little to choose between them. Professor Rice, however, thought otherwise, formatter handling one poll, he deliberately fixejl on the other, to Mr. Degenhardt's entire satisfaction and the wonder of all beholders. Last came Mr. Stuart, who, -having been led away : to the pit, was eventually stopped before a young lady who wore a silver locket on her negUgi, The Professor seized the locket, and Mr. Stuart owned to having photographed it on his mental collodion.- Then Professor Rice appealed to the committee as to whether each and all of &sm; fancied there had been any trickery about his proceedings, or whether they were eoevinced that he had really read their minds. .•< The committee, like good men and true, responded heartily that there certainly was no trickery about Professor Rice's mind-reading :' and if a perfect tornado of 'applause has any meaning, it was evident that . the whole audience most thoroughly, agreed with the committee. Theperfonrwcee above related is palpably A tremendous strain on Professor Rice, who searches : ??? the object thus prefigured in another .man's Blind with every nerve on the rack, and offeeo bathed in persniiatian. The conyulsivB e&fcihing; of the band we have noticed, and ft woald seem as though communication were established through the sensitive ends ef the fingers. „ Another pleasant surprise awaited in Miss 8. Lewis, who is declared bv Mr. Rfee to be but fifteen years old. His swam affidavit' oh this subject would be possibly convincing—nothing less. In an] r — grain which enables one toll ear every word and to feel its meaning. With proper cultivation there is no reason why she should not prove a worthy successor to Madame CarandinL Her song, Gane's ** Nightingale's Trill," was vociferously enoored, and, responding, Miss Lewis gave "Comin thro' the rye* most acceptably. The concluding portion of the entertainment suffered somewhat by comparison with what had gone before. Professor Bice read words which were written on pieces of^paper by members of the audience, and rolled^ up into pellets, & la Ada Foy. the *' spiritualistic" medium. Then he infused deviltry _ into a silk handkerchief, which, after being tightly tied with some eight or nine knots, unwound itself while lying on the summit of a small boy's head. The small boy seemed more nervous than the handkerchief. Professor Rice also taught us how " spirit" knocking was fabricated, and interested his audience in judging characters from physiognomy. With the genial banker mentioned above he was particularly happy, the subject himself stating that his chart had been mapped out " fairly accurately, except as regarded horses and public speaking. He had never ridden a bucking horse yet, and this was the first time he had ever faced the footlights." Then a mysterious visitant, who spoke Hindu and rejoiced in the extremely Indian appellation of "Mr. Douglas," sat in a Davenport Brothers' cabinet, being roped uncomfortably round the neck, and gave us a " matenalistic manifestation," while the gas ^ was turned down so low that we could" but dimly discern the ghost of Old feather Christmas gone slightly wrong in his pedal extremities. During this gruesome interval there was a violent struggle for place between the violin and the American organ, but all differences were dispelled when the lights flared up again. The Hindu magician left the cabinet and vanished at the winsR, and Professor Rice announced that to-night he would completely efxpose many spiritualistic tricks and present a programme of surpassing interest. We advise our readers to witness this unique entertainment, _ THEATRE ROYAL.—The wet weather of Wednesday night prevented the attendance of a very large body of spectators at the pantomime, but those who were there apparently were pleased with the spectacle, judging by the ajpplauBe which mingled with the laughter dtuing the evening. " Sinbad" will appear again this evening. ST. PETER'S CHURCH, GLENELG.—A concert and operetta In aid of the boildlng fund of this church will be given In the Glenelg Institute this evening. r *Sr AIL use it. It is at ETERY picnic. It is in ery kitchen. It gives the finish to every dish, for »™», soups, game, fish, or odd meats. It assists ion and increases the appetite. It has a place at Government House, and is seen at every respectable artisan's. The Protectionists use it because it is colonial; the Freetraders because it is cheap. It is the especial favoarite with all classes, because, as one of the Sydney clergymen •wrote—" It is the «est yet made." It is the Australian Relish, made by Washington H. Soul, of 221, Pitt- street, Sydney, and sold by every storekeeper. Price, One ShflBng! i- s£hc KT A GIANT TOBACCO FACTORF.—About SIX years ago Messrs. Dixson & Sons, manufacturers of thfrcelebrated "Conqueror" and "Yankee Doodle" brands, erected a fbctory which was justly regarded as -an ornament to the City (of Sydney). It haa, however, already proved too small for their rapidly increasing business, and.we leaen that thB foundations of new premises .are" VeiitM laid.- The coming structure, will be six stories high, the land cost £20,000, and the 'first contract fer the shell -of the buMipk nearly £14,000. The strong preference exhibited =by smokers in South Australia for the Con queror has compelled Messrs. Dixson & Go. to pur . <&ase; a central site in Adelaide, the whole frontage of which (66 feet) will be covered with a three- story flection- 62thacvd 