daMirai paprs. . BY ATHA. «, Continued from December, 1881. NO. III. Mrs. Coroner Dutton, to whom I was introduced, was a quiet-loolcing, graceful old lady, bordering 011 fifty. She was the widow of an old Indian officer, who had amassed a considerable fortune in the city of Bombay, and who had returned to his native land to spend it. Finding, however, the English climate too severe for his weakened constitution, Colonel Dutton, by the advice of his physicians, visited the colonies, and purchased an estate, and settled down by the lovely banks of the Nepean, where he ended his days. I was prepossessed in favour of my hostess the moment I shook hands with her. There was a genuine hospitable grip in her tapering fingers, which said as plainly as possible, ' I really am pleased to know you, sir. Pray make yourself at home" I took a seat beside her, while Mr. Barton went to enquire after his sister. ' Permit me to express rny gratitude for your gallant conduct, sir,' she said, when we had exhausted the well- worn topic of the weather. ' I hear the occurrence was quite unexpected ; and it makes me shudder when 1 think of what might have been the consequences.' ' Nay, madam, you are apt to flatter my poor assis tance into some heroic act of personal daring. May I enquire how the accident happened ?' ' Don't you know ?' she replied, with a look of surprise. ' No. I heard a crash, as if the boat had been run upon a snag, but I really did not see what occurred.' ' The escape of the party is most singular indeed,' said Mrs. Dutton. ' It appears a huge boulder rolled down the cliff and bounding upon the boat as it was passing, broke it completely in two.' ' Miss Barton is not injured, I trust ?' 'No, thank heaven. The dear girl has only sus tained a nervous shock from her immersion in the river, and from which you so timely rescued her. I have despatched a servant for Dr. Warrell, who should soon be here.' The old lady went to the window as she spoke, and stood looking away down the avenue for some consider able time. At length she wheeled suddenly about and confronted me. ' Pardon me. Did Mr. Barton say your name was Gadabout ?' she enquired. ' That is my name, madam,' 1 replied. ' May I ask if you are any relative of the family bear ing that name in Westmoreland, England ?' Mrs. Colonel Dutton eyed me curiously through her spectacles as she put the question. ' Yes,' I replied, surprised in turn, ' I was born in Westmorland, lady.' ' Indeed, sir 1' she ejaculated, at the same time taking off her spectacles to scan me. ' Perhas you may have known Major Gadabout, 21st Royal Welsh Fusiliers ?' ' Known him !' I cried in astonishment. ' Why, madam, the Major was my father.'' Mrs. Colonel Dutton dropped into an easy chair, and held up her hands. ' Gracious heavens, is it possible ?' she exclaimed, addressing the ceiling. ' It is certainly not improbable, madam. I have every reason to believe that my dear parents were both virtuous, and loved each other dearly.' She did not reply, but sat bolt upright, gazing at me, or, as Sam Taperlitt has it, ' eyeing me over,' for several minutes, but which really seemed a lifetime to me. ' And so you are Fred Gadabout's son ?' she mur mured, rising, and approaching me. 'Yes, I can see that in your face. Come nearer, please, and pardon an old woman's curiosity. I sec you have his smile and his eyes, with that unmistalceable twinkle of fun in them. Now, tell me, is the old family ruin at Oakland s still standing ?' ' It is, madam, or was when I left Westmoreland, five years ago. As you appear to be acquainted with our family, perchance you would be interested to hear that Tom, the Shetland pony, is still alive and kicking ; that Sailor, the Newfoundland dog, holds his kennel at the gate ; that the old house, like Ben Bolt's mill, has gone to decay, and quiet now reigns ' She interrupted me quickly by drawing my face close to her own, and imprinting a matronly kiss upon my cheek. ' God bless you, my dear. I know the tumble down, delightful old place much better than you can describe it,' she murmured, smiling. ' It is close upon forty years ago since I saw it last ; yet it only appears like yesterday that your poor father and myself were boy and girl together there. When 1 heard of his death at Inkerman I was filled with unutterable sorrow. Good, kind-hearted, dear old Fred.' There was a tremor in the tones of her voice that touched me singularly. ' You were acquainted with my father, the major, madam ?' ' Acquainted with him !' she cried. 'Boy, did you never hear him speak of his sister — his only sister, Lucy ?' I stood astounded at the revelation. My aunt Lucy — who had fallen in love at seventeen, and married a young officer, who took her off to India ! I had heard my father retail the story a hundred times. And here we were face to face at the Antipodes. It was wonderful how I bore all the hugs and kisses, and questionings and cross- questionings with reference to the family, even to the most minute particular. In deed, it was only when Dr. Warrell rang the bell that I gained a short respite for a few minutes to cool down from the excitement. After the doctor had taken his departure, my aunt marched me off to her private room, and there made mo enter into all the details of my travels, even to my arrival in Sydney ; and not satisfied with that, I had to enter into a full confession of the plans I had marked out for the future. I received absolution in the shape of a bank cheque ore wo went to dinner, and there I. met Frank Barton and his friend with a .self complaisance that would have done honour to Beau Brummel had he been present. Ere I retired to rest young Barton sought me out. 'I am delighted to learn that you have discovered a relative in dear Mrs. Dutton,' he said. The old lady is our most intimate friend. I heartily congratulate you, sir.' It i sing with the sun the following morning, I took my way for a stroll through the extensive grouuds at the rear of the house. To my right I noticed a small enclosure, wherein stood half a dozen cows, waiting to be milked. One, a huge poley heifer, with a calf at foot, was already bailed up, and by her side a tall, stiff-looking individual, quite grey, and who had the appearance of an old soldier, save for his dress, which seemed a sort of cross between that of coachman and gardener. He was without hat and coat, and had a prim white shirt on, whose collar reached up to the top of his 'mutton chop ' whiskers. There was evidently a duel on the tapis between the man and the beast, for he was speaking to it as I drev. near as if it had sense and reason. ' Give the milk, honey — do now, there's a darlint. Bad cess to the drop I've got out 0' ye these ten minutes,' he cried, patting her on the rump. The beast remained quite passive until he had seated hims' If on a stool and began tugging at her teats, when she lifted her leg and sent the milker sprawling into the kennel. The d evil fly away wid ye,' he cried, gathering him self up. ' Shure I might have known you'd be 011 wid your tricks. Faix, but I'll fix ye, me lady ! Just look at this shirt, only clane on this blessed morning, you imp of the world.' While he spoke he fixed a stout rope round the poley's ' kicker,' and hauled that member well out of reach. In his desire to serve out the ' inimy,' the man had forgotten the calf, who, finding the coast clear, went to work on its own account, and was greatly assisted by its parent in getting a good supply for breakfast ere he was discovered. The old man, who was evidently a hot-headed son of Erin, 110 sooner beheld the culprit than he seized the milk-can and dealt the youngster a heavy whack on the head with it. ' Take that, ma houchal , and mind your manuers,' he said, with rising wrath. Then seeing the utensil bulged and bent out of all shape, his temper fairly boiled over. ' Mother 0' Moses, is it worried to death yer goin' to be wid an ould divil of a poley cow, Pat Reely, toll me that ?' lie cried fiercely. Is it after twenty years'' sar- vice wid the colonel in India — rest his soul — that yer to be kicked in the gutter, and have yer best linen spoilt, by a baste that isn't worth her mash ? Just look at this can, the fourth one this week, and this only Friday morning.' ' Musha, but I'll learn ye now, ye ancient, double- distilled, dilapidated ould hurdy-gurdy,' with which apostrophe Pat set to with the can upon the poley's hide, and was so intent with the business in hand as' to be quite unaware ol the calf, who, in its eagerness to get at the teats again, ran between the old fellow's legs, and threw him one of the neatest back-falls I had over witnessed. Seeing that Pat had sustained little hurt from his tumble, 1 retired noiselessly from the field, and left man and beast to fight it out. Opening a little wicket which led out of the grounds, I crossed a narrow watercourse, and ascended the hill beyond. From this spot the view was charming. Patches of forest, vineyards, waving cornfields, with many a farmhouse cosily nestling amidst trees, and from which rose wreaths of blue smoke into the trans parent morning, already flooded with the golden sunrise, lay unrolled at my feet likoa map. J.urning from this scene, my eyes fell upon the form of a lady seated beneath a tree, sketching. A big New foundland dog la j' at her feet. She was not twenty paces distant from where i stood, but apparently was so absorbed in her task that she was quite unaware of my close proximity. 1 needed 110 second glance to assure mc the lady was Alice Barton, but I had 110 idea she was half so beauti ful as she now appeared to me. Tall and slender, with small hands and feet, and skin as white as polished marble, eyes large, and blue as an Australian sky, with hair of that .soft golden tint one sees in the pictures of the lovely but ill-fated Mary, Queen of Scots. The whole contour of the girl's face was redolent of innocence and puri- ( as she sat there, with the rich sun light glinting air/ng her tresses, from which the lint had fallen, and over the simple morning robe, adorned at the bosom with a simple rosebud. ! "I » I I I "I »««— 1 1 1 uwvnHvwvmi I cannot tell how long I stood gazing upon Frank Barton's sister — perhaps one minute, perhaps thirty. When a man's mind is thoroughly fixed upon any given thing he rarely heeds old Father Time. I was roused from my reverie by the dog, who dis covered me, and came forward with mane and tail erect like an angry lion. Strangely enough, the brute no sooner put his huge nose near me than his whole aspect changed to one of friendly greeting. Miss Barton rose from her seat, and with a start of surprise called to the Newfoundland. Lifting my hat to her, I passed onward over the hill, and round by the river bank. A mile away I looked round, and saw her standing in the same position, with the dog perched upon his haunches, looking up at her. When I returned to the ' Bungalow ' my aunt met me on the terrace slops, and leading me forward towards a young lady seated under the verandah, said, ' Miss Barton, this is my nephew, Mr. Gadabout.' NO. IV. In one of our old English mansions I once saw a pic ture of the Countess of (Shrewsbury, one of the greatest beauties of her day. The face was exquisitely lovely in every detail, save for the eyes, which seemed by some freak of the artist to turn upon you with a diabolical rather than a look of the angelic order. Standing here, confronting Alice Barton, the portrait of the famous mistress of Buckingham rose to my mind's eye, but the great blue eyes that now turned shyly towards me were as pure and bright as an Australian summer sky. No fierce pent-up passion there to mar their loveliness ; nothing but a drooping of the long silken fringe, and a faint blush, which made the lace enchantingly beautiful. If I had expected an outpouring of gratitude on the part of Miss Barton I should have been disappointed. Except for one brief sentence, thanking me for my timely aid, the contretemps by the river was studiously' ignored. The girl held in her hand a volume of Victor Hugo, which slie had been reading when I appeared, and when the topic of the crops and the weather had been exhausted, the conversation turned upon the emi nent Frenchman and his works. My aunt took no part in the conversation for a time. Seated in her easy chair, she appeared lost in the columns of the Sydney Morning Herald , until some re mark of mine with reference to my companion roused her. " Miss Barton is fond of reading," rejoined the relict of Colonel Dutton, quietly. " In the bush, were it is almost an utter impossibility for female social gossip, the only recourse is reading, or riding." " I am glad you like Victor Hugo, I said, turning towards the fair student. " He is one of my favourite authors." My aunt laughed. " Dear nephew, you are the first of the family who ever acknowledged having had any tendency towards bookcraft. Your poor father could never get beyond the Gazette or " Mr. Sponge's Sporting Tour," though people used to say he was the best informed country gentleman south of the Tweed. " Madam, I must remind you that the world does not stand still," replied I, with a dash of what my old tutor, Donald Ambrose, would have termed modern cynicism in my tone. " Ever since mankind began to exist, the succeeding age has lived faster than its pre decessor. The natural growth of this age is that of the sixty-miles-an-hour locomotive, and the rate at which we travel has become the rate at which we live. It used to take the best part of a year for a man to voyage from London to Australia. The trip can be done in our day in a trifle over a month. Education goes with the ruck in this respect. We school our children at express speed, and the outcome of such courses are that people heretofore were content with Post and Paddock , but we, the succeeding genera tion must needs soar to Alfred de Musset, Voltaire, Pope, and Milton. I have 110 doubt " Mr. (Sponge's Sporting Tour" is a captial book in .its way, but as the mind becomes refined, it yearns, like the palate, for something beyond turnips and pudding. BeWs Life used to be the rage ; now, nothing short of Alfred Tennyson's masterpiece will satisfy our intellectual . craving." " Bravo, nephew !" And my dear aunt straightened herself for discussion. Ere long the debate became ani mated, and Miss Barton was drawn into the wordy malstrom. I soon discovered that my aunt's 'protege was some thing more than a rustic maiden born and reared on the back blocks of the Lachlan, and 1 was more agree ably surprised at the grand yet broad and original re marks relative to books and mankind in general which fell from those half pouting lips. The girl was evi dently one of nature's gentlewomen, and had been carefully educated. During a lull in the conversation, my aunt asked her to read from the volume in her hand. iSlie complied, at the same time casting an arch glance my way, which said as plainly as eyes can speak — " Dear Mrs. Dutton is too good to imagine I can read well. I Pray you pardon my imperfections on that head." 'She read weM, however, and with an accent that was ' irreproachable. There was a certain charm in the low, rich voice, which had its attracting power of sympathy for me. In my wanderings to and fro I had heard som)i of the first elocutionists. Gems of the mas ter jpoet of all time, " Loeksley Hall," and that weird andQmystcrious wail, " The Haven," I had listened to, find oven as L listened it luul seemed as if the. embodied spirit of the noble poesv had been eallcd forth into life and motion by the. limbic power of the artist. Here, however, was magic of another kind. The tradgedian had only roused my admiration, but the simple maiden, sitting hero with the summer sunlight flooding her drooping form, as she. bent over her book, startled me with a new and strange, sensation, that had in it more of pain than pleasure, less of admiration than sympathy, and mingled with the sympathy, a far away yearning to got away from the tones of the voice. There are certain kinds at delight which do not come unmixed with pain, yet the pain is of so exquisite a typo, that we suffer it rather than forego the pleasure. So with me, while Alice Barton read Victor Hugo. She seemed by far the hr.ndsomesb girl 1 had seen. There, was no more of the vulgar squatter's brood about her than about a Lady Vipont or Do Vore. The fresh ness and brightness of a pure, unsullied maidenhood pervaded every tone and gesture. A laugh genial and silvery, without loudness. A manner exuberant, with out coarseness. We discussed the hook in hand as we had discussed other topics, until the lunch hell rang. When two people, who have not yet turned the shady side of twenty, discover that they admire the same poets, they have gone a long way towards a pleasant inti- macv. J neither sought, nor shunned the society of Frank Barton's sister, but fate, or rather the usages of modern society, willed that we should be. thrown much together. At my aunt's desire, the Barton's prolonged their visit at the Bungalow. Picnics and exploration parties along the shady h mks of the famous Nepean were arranged and carried out, with delightful drives among the Pennant Hills, with slow journoyings homeward in the twilight of the sum mer night along vineyards and orange groves, and the music and songs that followed in that roomy parlour of the old house, nestling amid the. delicious repose of rustic scenery. Ah mo 1 Poor, vagrant Tim Gadabout ! Better for thee perchance hadst thou not. turned aside from the dusty road with thy swag, better for thee, mon ami, to have held 011 thy course awav no the rugged sides of the Blue Mountains, with mo m sliver in thy pouch, than have come within the radius of those witching eyes. Vol la tout. One morning, after the post had been delivered at the Bungalow, the upright figure of my aunt's factotum presented itself before me. " If ye plane, Captain, Mosther Barton wishes to spake wid ye," he said, at the same time bringing his hand smartly to his bare bead, by way of military salute I could never comprehend why the old fellow dubbed me captain. Perchance poor Pat Rciley had an idea that the nephew of a colonel should not be plain Mr,,, hence I was the captain, and so had been since my first entry to the Bungalow. There may have been yet another reason for Pat's Irish courtesy, which I will briefly explain. During the first week of my sojourn, I met the old man one evening coming from the stables. " Pardon an ould sodgcr, yer, honor, but is it true that yer a son of Major Gadabout, of the Light Bobs," lie asked, halting before me. " Yes, Major Gadabout belonged to the 21st .Regi ment, Pat." " An wor he kilt at Inkcrmann, is it ?" " True. The Major was slain at Inkcrmann, while attempting the rescue of his servant from the clutches of a squadron of Russian horse. Begorra, that's it then, yer honor ! That servant was my poor brother, Ted," cried the old man, with emotion. " Poor ould Ted — devil a one else. Faix, we enlisted together, but our ways were different, and so lie wint his road, and 1. took mine, but he was a brave, gallant boy for all that, and died like a Rcilly. Rest his soul." I felt my heart warm towards the old fellow after that conversation. The whole details of the terrible and bloody struggle on the 5th of November, 1854, were too firmly engraven on my memory to forget how master and man fought side by side, against tre mendous odds on that day ; how my dear father had been discovered pierced with many bayonet thrusts, and with his dead boatman folded in his arms. " Mr. Barton wants to speak wid ye, Captain.'' " Thank you. Tell Mr. Barton I'll attend to him pre sently. Well, why do you loiter, Mr. Reily ?" "Faix, I wor goin' to ax ye a question Captain, saving yer presence.'' " Fire away." " What will I do wid that ould swag ye brought to the place. ? Shure thcr'll he company coining, and some of them will he wantin' to know who it belongs to. " cried Pat, slily. " Oh, I'll make yon a present of the swag, Pat. It will he a good yoke to place over the head of the Poiey's calf at milking time." Exit Pat, hurridley. I found Frank Barton sitting before a table littered with letters and scraps of manuscript. " Take a seat, Gadabout," he cried. " Here am .1, like Mrs. Jellaby, up to my ears, iji business. Your kind relative, with a view ot making the remainder of our delightful visit as merry as possible, has issued invitations to several frieqds in the city to come up for a week. One of thesov.j(in old school chum of mine, ainong other thfoigs proposed private theatricals, and lias 1 forwarded Goldsmith's charming comedy, " She Stoops to Qv/nquer," with the parts already written out. I may briefly explain that Jose Eversham is a member of the ' Owls Amatuer Dramatic Club' in the city, and a very fair actor. Hero's his letter. Read it." I took the epistle. The writing was bold, large, vigorous, and decided. Not a wavering stroke, or un decided letter in the whole missive. If a man's pen manship gives any clue to the real characteristics which often lie hidden beneath our everyday mask, then was 'this Jose Eversham both resolute and daring in good or in evil. A man to he loved or dreaded as the ease might he ; so the mental picture of him presented it- . self to me at that moment. The faculty of clairvoyance, or second sight, pre- vades the whole_ human race, more or less. Kast, the German, never set foot on British soil, yet he des cribed several parts of London as graphically as if lie had been there. Poets anil novelists have this remark able power in a marked degree. The inner sense must perceive ere the pen can describe. I laid down the letter, and as I did so, my eyes fell upon the white, fluttering robe of Alice Barton playing with wee " Pip," my terrier, and Sailor, on the verandah. By what unaccountable channel should my thoughts connect her with Jose. Eeversham ? Were they al ready intimate ? Surely 1 Frank Barton had said they were schoolfellows. Strange, the second, picture that brought those two beings together in my mind's eye should also bring a sharp, jealous stab to my heart. " What do you think of Eversliam's letter ?" " It is a nice, friendly letter," I replied, coldly. " I notice he lias cast himself for the pridcipal role with your sister as the heroine." " Yes, Alice and Jose have often acted together atom private parties. Now, sit down, like a good fellow, and help me plan out the whole of this dramatic business." " Certainly. Who is cast for Tony Lumkin ?" " A pressman named Pulfingham,.wlio accompanies Eversham." NO. Y. Thk invited guests arrived at the Bungalow. If some great enchanter had suddenly risen out of the depths of the broad Nepean, and waved his golden wand over the quiet domicile, it could not have received a more sudden transformation. Mirth music, laughter, ad lib , and the soft billing and cooing of the human turtle doves seemed to he the order of the day, and often the best part of the night. The grand old plaee was well adapted for visitors. No vulgar architect had designed Colonel Dutton's house, but n wise follow, who luvd taken the advantages and benefits conferred by two thousand years of civilization, and had profited thereby by rearing an edifice light and airy, yet as warm in the winter as an old-fashioned farmhouse. The drawing room was forty feet by twenty-five, giving plenty of room for a temporary stage and its appliances. The entrance hall twenty feet square, with a host of odd nooks and corners delightful to lovers and dreamers. There were chambers wide, and lofty, and pannelied with cedar, maple, and curiously wrought colonial woods. The stairway leading to the terraced balcony, was of pure, marble, from the famed quarry of Budahpore, with balustrades of carved bronze, and lamps copied from antique models. Sallust of Pompihi might have ascended that staircase and gone through the Bungalow without finding anything to criticise with reference to its harmony of furniture and appointments. Such a laughter-loving, merry group, were never be fore assembled in the defunct colonel's dwelling. Coun try cousins, male and female, as full of fun and frolic as dolphins in a gale of wind, with their more refined and staid metropolitan neighbours, sarcastic and dis dainful. First in the ruck of the rustics were Captain Jack Plunger, his wife, and three daughters. Each of the dear girls stood over five feet ten in their hose, and appeared anything but consumptive. There was no need to enquire what profession Jack Plunger belonged to — " mariner" was written right athwart his figure head as plain as a pike-staff. The Rev. Cannon Iinr- ker, Mrs. Cannon Ilarkcr, and the Plungers, were the cream of the Windsor aristocracy. The rest — lord love yon ! — Ave re nobodies. Squatters, and J.P.'s Avith maiden aunts, and rosy ncioes, Avere not in the set of the eclat. The miller, Torn Blakely, and his handsome sons and daughters, might he tolerated for the nonce, hut you must clearly understand that they had the honor of intercourse Avith the Plungers only on suffer ance. The Ilev. Theodore Bayer Harker and his Avifo Averc a fair illustration of the mountain and the Avart. He, diminutive of stature and thin ; she, a life-guardsman in petticoats. Intellectually the parson Avas a giant, physically he contented himself Avith taking shelter under the lee of his cava sposa. On one occasion, during a visit to the city, the iittlo man and his better half chanced to he passengers inside an omnibus. It Avas a chilly CArening, and raining. " Will any gentleman go on top to oblige, a lady ?" cried the conductor, thrusting in his head. " I'll answer for this gentleman," replied the parson's Avifo, loftily. " He's not going to catch cold for any lady. Close the door, hoy, and drive on." Here Avero the Aleihiades, the Cing Mars of the city. Handsome butterllys, Avhosc gilded Avings were not yet singed Avith adverse fortune My quandom friend, Nestor Puffingham, AVith that offhand Free Masonery Avhich is born of impudence, soon inauguarated himself Avith everybody presont. In the space of a 1'cav hours he had discussed the latest modes of naval architecture with Captain Jack, debated Paley with Canon Harker, entered Avarmly on the svlc of the ladies, anent the neAvest styles of Parisian bon nets, and explained to to the squatters aAvriiikle in the art of sheep breeding. Amongst the loungers in the draAving room, who took little or no part in the proceedings going on about him, I noted Frank Barton's friend, Jose Eversham. A tall, shapely fellow, as handsome as a gipsy. The dark face, had nothing <>f the low, ruffianly, , hang-dog look one sees in the countenanecss of Telford's gipsy pictures. Here there was nothing to inar the clear beauty of intellect, save, perhaps, the signs of a will in exorable. Buhver has said that the mouth is themost expressive feature in the human face. Jose Erersham was the exception to that rule. No one looking at his eyes could deny that they were the chief feature in his ease. Large, bright, and mightily loaded with the poAver of attraction, you felt irresistibly drawn towards the man. Watching him keenly as he lounged in cosy indolence, smoking, .L could not omit detecting that he was as a loadstone, magnetizing everyone on Avhom his glance chanced to rest. Some of the foremost thinkers of .the age have acknowledged thnt mysterious power Avhich we call " brain-rending," but the possession of faculties Arhioli might be classed under the name of " magnetic vampire " are truly more surprising than your mere clairvoyance. Jose Eversham was in high spirits at luncheon. The ladies who were to take part in the comedy prepared for a drive, with Pat Reily as their jehu. Eversham escorted Alice Barton to the carriage, and stood by ad miring my aunt's pretty greys. " You'll not go far," he said, with a gay laugh. " Remember that as stage manager I have some authority, and I must beg that you Avon't fatigue your self. You hare a se.\'cre part in ' Miss Hardcastle.' " " How far are we to drive ?" She asked the question in her most charming manner, with that half coquettish air of submission which is so delightful when evinced by a beautiful girl to a young and handsome man. " Two hours, at the utmost," answered Jose, looking at his watch. " I have to supervise the upholster's men, Avliile they put the finishing touches to the stage and dressing-rooms. I shall be on the lookout for your return, and if you outstay your leave of absence I shall exercise my power and condemn you to a terrible penance. You shall only have an hour for your toilet, and that without a mirror." The ladies laughed, and were driven away under the tall elms. "Hollo! Whence comes that heartrending sigh, mon ami V cried the voice of the journalist, who was standing by my side, Avatching the departure of the group. "Sigh? Stuff!" " Yes, it avrs just the" stuff that sighs are made of, Gad," he answered, eyeing me askance. " Who among yon fair bevy has raised a sigh in the steeled heart of -the Avandering pilgrim ? Say, ?nio." Pray talk sense." " Very well," he. answered. " It's according to the humor of a man Avhether one's kind offices are received AVi tu uue grautune, or grainy overriiiuon. x ray come with me to a quiet nook, and if you AYon't make me your father confessor, avIiv you shall hear Iioav Tony Lumkin can spout hisjpart. Allans Half-past nine p.m. Some fifty or sixty people settle themselves in the drawing-room, before the crimson A'elvet curtains hiding the stage. Gus Blakely, the miller's son, who is accounted no mean performer on the violin, takes his place in the amateur hand, flourishes his baton, and the business lias begun. Such a play as " She Stoops to Conquer '' is just the thing for a drawing-room. There is no declamnation, there are no heroics. Nothing is Avantod but coquettish grace in the centre picture, Miss Hardcastle ; dash and humor in Tony .Lumkin. And avIio could imagine any thing more delightful than Alice Barton in the role of the heroine ? Such bewitching banter, and charming womanly dignity to the rude, boisterous fellow, who mistakes her father's domicile for a public hostelry. Then that simple costume of a century ago — that most perfect of all fashions ever invented to render loveliness irresistible ; a dress in which plebian beauty loses its alloy of vulgar (la)', the bewildering attire which im parts to the snub nose ol Polly Perkins a classic pro file. What, then, of Alice Barton, in blue brocade and old point, high-heeled shoes av i tlx glittering buckles, and embroidered stockings. If dose Eversham had selected this play because Miss Barton filled the picture to per fection, then he had good reason to he proud of his choice. And this man, with his dark, handsome face, shared the honors with her in the night's triumph. Tony, Avith his pert answers and ready wit, might make the audience roar Avith merriment, hut the applause was always long and loud when Frank Barton's sister and Jose Eversham appeared together. Ah, if at some delightful assembly, when everyone is looking so pleased and happy, one could take the roofs off people's brains, as Asmodous raised the roofs in the city of Madrid, Avhat strange subjects avc should find our friends pondering. . The play came to an end at last. It had seemed very long to me. Then congratulations, and an adjournment to the dining-room for a stand-up supper. The close of the evening Avas very brilliant. The hand, after having supped luxuriously, withdrew to the conservatory opening out of the draAving- room, and there discoursed D'Albert's Avaltzcs and polkas to perfection. Foremost amongst the dancers AAjere Alice in her comedy costume, and Jose Evcrsham in his violet velvet coat and diamond-hilted rapier. Even here it appeared to me as if the play was still continued between them — he the scapegrace adorer, she yet stooping to conquer. As I stood watching them, Nestor Puffingham plucked me by the sleeve — " Gadabout, when all this humbug has subsided, come to my room. I have somethiug to say to you." NO. VI. The sun was up and beginning to gild the wooded heights of the Blue Mountains as I entered Nestor Puffingham's bedroom at the close of the ball. It was strange that I should have felt so disagreeable, so miserable to one and all the guests assembled — I, who knew myself to be constituted really an easy, good- tempered fellow, and virtually at peace with all man kind. But so it was. I felt in that state termed morbid, and very little provocation would have easily converted me into a wild dingo, and made me snarl and snap at my friends right and left. 1 found the little journalist still donned in the costume of Tony Lumkin, sitting astride a chair, with his face to the back of it. " How did you like the fun, Gad ?" lie asked with animation, eyeing me keenly the while. " Ah, me, what a vast farce is this thing we call society ! Here we set up a wooden stage fifteen feet by twenty, to mimic and satirize the crowd who applaud to the echo their own silly foolery. Sit down, mon cher." " Thank you. I feel tired, and will turn in." " Tired !" he echoed. " What with, pray ? To my knowledge you haven't moved a foot, either in dance or courtesy, during the whole night. Albeit , one of the Blackely girls tried to draw you after the manner of a badger." " I'm not in love with all this humbug, therefore I can't play the affable. Pray, what have you got to say to me ?" My words were in keeping with the gruff tone in which they were uttered, but that did not move Nestor Puffingham in the least, nor alter his sarcastic bantering. " Gad, there arc one or two things which come to a man in his life and play the devil with him," he caid, after a pause. " What things ?" " Envy, for instance, or hatred." " Pooh ! The people here are comparative strangers to me. I am not interested in any of them. Try another shot, if I am your target, sir." He placed his cane to his shoulder, after the manner of a gun, and replied, " Here it is, then. Look out, mio. Bang ! Timothy Gadabout, you're in love !" « I?" " You." " Thanks, I'm fond of news." " Don't apologize," lie responded, with cool effrontery. " As certain at I sit hen;, Cupid has lodged his arrow in your manly bosom." " Stuff." " Beware, Gad, you uttered that word before. Now, toll me, what do you think of Jose Evcrsham.?" " 1 — I have not formed any opinion about him," I responded curtly, and with my temper rising to boiling heat. " Ah, that convinces me. Pray be seated." " I prefer standing.'' " Very well," he answered, good-humouredly. " Now, list, as the ghost of Hamlet says. " You are sickening with the germs of that malady called love. I know the symptoms well, having had the disease on several occasions. Just fancy for a moment that I am your physician, if you please. Eirst symptom — Patient moody, scowling, uncivil, and ready to light on the shortest notice, with friends or otherwise ; hates every thing and everybody who may wear the aspect of pleasantness and goodfellowship. Treatment ; href. — One hour every day with the object adored, and one, do., evening, to bill and coo together. That will be of much benefit to the patient, providing the loved one is a con senting party. Therefore I shall prescribe in your case . a gentle walk every morning, with Miss Alice Barton for your companion, and " " Mr. Puffingham, I'll — I'll knock you down if you dare mention Miss Barton's name again to me," I cried fiercely, losing all control over myself. " Fiddlestick, dear Gad. There would be small honour in such an act." He weut on in the same cool tone, but I noticed that his face became more grave, and the sneer left his lip. " Seriously, Gadabout, that face of yours is an index to your heart, and the latter an open book. You have not yet learned to put on a mask, but you will anon. Comrade, I am no flatterer when I say I like you. If you ask me why, I can no mon; reply than the man who hated Dr. Fell could say why he ha ted. As a party totally disinterested in the lady just mentioned, L have noted your looks and have heard your unconscious sighs when she has been nehr ; and, moreover, if there are indications of animosity to he rend in men's features, faith, Jose Evcrsham and yourself have lost no love." I had no answer for him in mine anger, but what he had said was none the less true. My heart acknowledged that, if my tongue was silent. His words had shed a sudden and unexpected light into my inner soul, and there, in all the radiance of her fresh young beauty stood Alice Barton. I can't remember how I made this known to my companion, hut I know he rose and came towards me, and laid his hand on my arm with a soft, kindly touch, and said, looking into my eyes the while, " Gad, shall I be your physician ?" ' Yes, prescribe what you will." " Good," he said, with his old bantering laugh. " Miss Barton has fifty thousand pounds, while you — well, your money, lit e mine, is in the " Sinking Fund." " Ah, Nes, dear boy, I wish she hadn't a penny." " The deuce you do 1 For shame, Gad. Hold your tongue, sir. I know all about it. She has a penny, however, and a very pretty penny it is. But, mon cher, there is a condition attached to this money, which I will explain in half a dozen words. Rodger Evcrsham (Jose's uncle) and John Barton, the pater of la belle Alice, came to this colony together when both were mere striplings. I have heard it said more than once that both the friends were from a good old English stock. Be that as it may, both of them prospered here, until John Barton, wanting to get rich in a hurry, began to speculate in gold-mining, and became bank rupt. Evcrsham lent his friend twenty thousand pounds, which enabled John Barton to pay his creditors twenty shillings in the pound, and left him a eiedit balance to make another start in life. In five years he bought Mayville station, and three years after that lie repaid Rodger Eversham's loan. When Alice was a child in pinafores, she. went to visit her father's friend, who then owned one of the richest stations on the Lachlan River. Jose Eversham was on a visit to his uncle about the same time, when the uncle (who was a confirmed bachelor), conceived the idea that his nephew should eventually marry Alice. The boy and girl exhibited tokens of great mutual "liking ; the friends on both sides were willin', as Barkis would say, and so the bond was made. For nearly ten years Jose Everslmtn lias been looked upon as the future husband of Alice Barton." " And the lady is to have fifty thousand pounds the day she marries lvim ?" " So it is written in the last will and testament of Rodger Eversham, Esq., J.1V' Humph ! It may not be a match after all, Nes.'' " True, but in that ease the money goes to the Sydney University.'' " You seem well posted in the affairs of these Evershams," I said, looking at him in surprise. " You forget Jose Eversham and myself were school fellows," he replied. " Very true. Pray, has Mr. Eversham money of his own?" " Not much — about £200 a year.'' " Then the uncle died and left him comparatively nothing ?" " The uncle is not dead." " Indeed ! How, then, comes it that '' He interrupted me quickly — "My dear Gadabout, pray do not question me further," he cried in a serious tone. " I have said more to you concerning this matter than perhaps I should have done ; but under the circumstances it will, be only fair and honourable to let this matter rest between us. for ever. Concerning yourself, let me repeat my offer of friendship. It may seem presumptuous in me to say what 1. have with reference to Miss Barton, but believe me, mio, it was entirely for your benefit. A trickling brook may he easily turned in its course ; a foaming torrent never." I wrung his proffered hand with a hearty grip. He had showed me another shade of his many-sided character, lmt to me this was the best of all, inasmuch as it was free from that modern cynicism which smiles so sweetly, and murders while it smiles. In five minutes he had regained his light, chatty manner. " I told you," he continued, "that I had something to say to you. Briefly, then, here it is : — The liberal Cabinet, who form the collective ivisdom of this colony, have offered £5,000 towards the founding of an asylum for the destitute, if a like amount is subscribed by the public. Now, according to the latest statistics, if one man out of every fifty gave but a penny out of his moiety the money could be had. 8trange to say, how ever, affairs here at the Antipodes seem altogether topsy-turvy. For instance, people in England say that we have our beads where their feet are, and that the leaves on our trees grow edc/civays to the sun. They also have a maxim that charity begins at homo. We think differently. With 'us, charity begins anywhere ami every when;, but amongst ourselves in every sense of the term. Therefore, if the building of this hospital were left entirely with the charitable public, faith flic houseless might go a-begging until the last trump." " What are you going to do ? Get up a bazaar, or an Old English Fay re, or gi ve a course of iecturesAIn behalf of the object ?" " Neither one or the other, my friend. Bazaars are a humbug, and for the others, they are played out- long ago. I. have thought out a new way to raise tlifc wind, and with your assistance I promise you I will present the. building committee with a donation of five hundred pounds." " Are you serious, Puffingham ?" " Serious ! You shall see, you sceptic. This is an outline of my plan: — First, I have obtained six "Weeks' leave of absence. " " I'm glad of that.'' " Do he quiet, GadJ Next, that trunk there in the corner contains two /Oriental costumes, with turbans complete, a pair of wigs, two large volumes of Cipher, a small ivory wand, and a bottle of liquid for staining the skin." , " I see, you are going to make a fool of yourself." " Thank you, that is out of the ' question, mon cher. I am only going to visit every town in this colony, under the. nom de plume of Afiz Hassan, the Great Desert Wanderer, and Reader of the Past, Present, and the Future." " Bravo ! And what, part in this campaign awaits your humble servant ?" " You shall be my Nubian slave, Gad." " What ! A blackfellow ?" "Certainly, mio. Your task will be an easy one, in asmuch as you will be supposed to he dumb." " I'm dumb already with astonishment." " No doubt, hut your surprise is only premature yet. Get to bed and sleep. To- morrow come to me and tell m.'; that you have resolved to pluck Cupid's arrow from your bosom and cast it back at him again. Then my slave and pupil, I will initiate thee into the mynteries of the stars. Vale" I wandered out into the garden, and passed the wicket to the grounds beyond. Sleep ! I could no more sleep than fly at that moment. The early moru was cool and beautiful. The blue canopy o'er head, blended with gigantic shafts of azure, and gold, and purple, from the rising sun, presented a glorious picture, but such a picture as no mortal artist could place upon canvas. What hand could trace yonder, hill-top, carpeted with green and brown, and glittering shades of light, which seemed to melt and fade into something new and strange even while you gazed. Nay, the very senses were deluded with its changing loveliness. The river below, a vast mirror framed in emeralds, ami set midst fantastic rocks, round which Australian elves circled bv moonlight. Carpets from the looms of Persia were never so velvet-soft as the ringed grasses on its slopes. All nature calm, serene, beautiful. While l, disjointed, unquiet, restless. Un the ridge I sat down to commune with myself, to talk aloud to that inner man and reason with him, as I had done oftentimes in the past. I wonder, now, can this be love — really love, until is- takeably love? Stuff, impossible. You are the very last person in the world to fall in love, Timothy Gadabout. Let us reason upon it, To begin : — Face ! What's in a, face ? Why, I've seen many a thousand more char — no, not more charming, but more attractive, that's the word. In a few years the most beautiful face may be very plain. Take that figure of the Greek slave in the Museum. Animate her. See her ten years after — false hair, front teeth, do., mottled complexion, and double chin. Face, bosh ! What man of sense would fret over a pretty face ? Pretty faces arc as common as gum trees. Have you nothing to reply to that, Tim ? No? Very well, take Mind. In Mind, Alice Barton and yourself are as far apart as the poles. Put aside Mind as you have done face, and what remains ? For tune, pooh ! Worse still. Answer myself) are you not quashed ? Whereon " myself" took up the running, and answered — " O, thou, emu ! Why art thou so wrapt up in this one presence ? Why dost thy heart feel lonely and sad when common sense and common duty urges thee to begone from .that presence ? Why dost thou address to nle those pedantic questionings under the beams of the early sunlight, whose rays have become for ever and ever identified In thy heart's dreams with the romantic poetry of first love? Tim, my friend, thou art in for it. No disguising the fact — thou art in love !" " I'll be hanged if I am," replied the echo of myself, and just then there fell upon my meditative senses the hoarse bark of a dog. Before i had time to rise from my seat Sailor, the Newfoundland, thrust his huge nose in my face. NO. VII. On, my reader, hast thou ever heard that song, " My Queen ?'' Fortunate art thou if thou hast heard it by one who can do justice to the composition and the words. She is standing somewhere— she I shall honor, She that I want tor my queen, my queen. Whether her hair be golden or raven. Whether her eyes be hazel or blue, I know not now, it will be engraven Some day hence as my loveliest hue. She may be humble or proud, my lady, Or that sweet calm which is just between, J'-ut whenever she comes :hc will liiul me ready To do her homage, niy queen, my queen. And so my queen came at the heels of Sailor. I could have fallen down before her and done her homage, as she stood before me. It might have been the rich tints of sunlight,' which suffused both rocks and trees, that inado her face beam out with a rosy blush when her eyes met. niine. Perhaps the exertion of climbing the hill may have brought the colouring to her radiant face. It was there, and my hungry soul yearned to interpret it- Hitherto hold and confident had I been with all men. If my personal appearance was not in strict keeping with Gibson's famed statue of Adonis, Iliad impudence and sonic show of intellect to back it. The subtle and difficult art of talking to hide oneself I had acquired after much trouble, and J. now brought the lesson to my aid here with Alice Barton. We sat down with the dog between us, and talked of what lay like a mak be fore our eyes — a ch arming landscape of vale and wiood and rivulet, and ' Our Father's glory ' over all. \ ' Ah, yes, Miss Barton, a, grand picture, truly, f«i' those who have eyes to see." Yonder ploughim ""'—"i":'' heads of the cattle he is driving, This grand sunrise, and the landscape beneath us, are no more to him than the time for toil, and so many acres of laud to be tilled or to lie fallow.' ' Yet he seems perfectly happy. Hear him whistling,' she responded archly. 'True. We have various degrees of happiness. One man may be contented with the life of a slave. Another will not rest until he bestride the world, like a second Colossus.' She opened her large blue eyes u;pon me for an instant, then began toying with the dog' s ears. Happy Sailor ! ' Apart from ambition, is the delight in scenery really an acquired gift ?' ' Possibly. Some philosophers tell us that young children and rude savages do not feel it — that the eye must be educated to comprehend its charms, and that the eye can be only educated through the mind.' ' 1 can remember no time in my childhood when I did not feel delight in that which seemed to me beautiful scenery,' answered Alice, musingly. ' A common ridge clothed with trees in the heart of the bush, a rude watercourse amidst wild ferns, were as charming to me as this extensive picture at our feet.' ' I am sorry to say that my boyhood was not so ideal as your childhood, Miss Barton. In my schoolboy days there was no scenery for me like the flat of a. cricket ground. Now I " watch with wistful eyes the setting sun." ' ' Why w stful ?' ' Wistful because L have drifted from the well-worn track of life into Bohemia. A bohemian is the apposite of practical. lam capable of nothing save dreaming o'er such scenes as this. I wisli 1. had the practical temperament of your brother, Miss Barton.' « Why ?' ' Perhaps then I might aspire to become a useful member of society — an Alderman, perhaps, or a Justice of the Peace.' ' Or a squatter, wherein you would attain the know ledge how to doctor sheep and cattle,' she added. ' Well, that is something. It is a pleasure to relieve from pain any of God's creatures.' ' Indeed, yes. I am justly rehulo'd.' There was silence for some minutes, during which the glorious orb of day had mounted higher into the blue canopy of Heaven, dispersing the rosy clouds which had floated like huge snowfjakes overhead. ' You have not said what you thought of the per formance,' she rejoined, presently. ' You are very un- gallant. I had expected unlimited praise from you, at least.' ' Did you, sincerely ?' ' Certainly not with reference to my own poor efforts, but your friend, Mr. Puffingham, surely deserves a word of praire.' ' Verily, lady, I am not capable as a theatrical critic ; yet it was admitted generally that the entertainment was very creditably performed as a whole.' 'Thank you. What is your opinion of Mr. Eversham ?' ' As an actor ?' ' Yes.' ' If Mr. Eversham is to be gauged by the part he played last night, I must admit that he will do credit to the profession. He performed the part of Miss Iiard- castle's lover and adorer to perfection. His acting was very natural.' 'Oh, I see your judgment is somewhat defective anent private theatricals,' she answered, with just the faintest tinge of disdain in her eyes and gesture. " But look, yonder comes the gentleman in question, with my brother,' she added, at the same time pointing out two figures approaching up the hill. ' Then I will vanish,' said I, rising. ' I am leaving the Bungalow to-day on private business, and which will probably detain me for some considerable time.' ' Leaving the Bungalow ? Are you serious ? she asked, looking up at me in surprise. ' Truly so, Miss Barton.' ' But you will return in time to accompany us to the Lachlan ?' ' I — I — must humbly crave you to release me from my promise. Unforseen circumstances have arisen which will prevent me accepting your brother's, kind, invitation, otherwise there is nothing would gi venae greater pleasure, believe me, Miss Barton, .upopi my honor as a gentleman.' . 7 ' Does your aunt know you are going ?' ' Not yet.' ' And my brother ?' , ' 1 1 shall make known my intention fco .Mr. Barton before luncheon. Good-bye.' ; ,, She raised her eyes to mine and; stood' looking at me for the space of a minute. - ,, . ' ' You said just now that youwtife a'dveamer, and not capable of any practical bu8i$etaj Surrejoined. ' I admit that, lady.' ' WU- jwt ®nswov-mi\f , ftslyou is this sudden de parture inftsenced ,by ahy ; sense of duty on your part?' . 1 Her look>of keen enquiry /was still upon her face, but I held tnyiseurei from her' 'with all my worldly subtlity. ' Alas l w<> interpret duty so variously," I replied, evasively,., 1 Cf more duty every detail in business is a duty, arid .sometimes we adopt some line of conduct against which "pur whole heart rebels. Have you ever read an eBsay called " Motive Power ?" ' ' No. Whi:?' ' Because that essay is designed to prove that with- out motive power a man, whatever his talents or his culture, can do nothing in this the nineteenth century. The mainspring of my sudden departure is motive power. I am about to rise from the dreamer to the practical.' ' I am glad to hear you say so,' she answered in a subdued tone. ' I am not a judge of mankind generally, but I believe that you will win your way in this bustling world if it so pleases you to try. Now, I will say good bye, also,' she added, placing her hand in mine. ' II I have been sparse in my thanks to you for that brave act by the river, I am none the less grateful, believe me.' She went from me without another word, and the tall elms soon hid her beneatn their sombre shadows. I had no wish to meet Jose Eversham, and so took the opposite direction toward the broad Nepean. I cannot tell how long I wandered by the banks of the river. The far-off chime of some bell recalled me to the fact that the morning had grown into noon. I had promised the journalist to be prepared to accompany him that evening, an hour previous to the general assembly for dinner at the Bungalow ; therefore, I had no time for further dreaming. To a man in love what dreams do come ! I was as entirely engulphed in the terrible ocean as the most ignorant . plunger who ever leapt blindly to his doom in the stormy waves ; but it was yet left me not to drift imperceptibly down the stream until the current grew too strong for me. Why should such an idle vessimay as I fall in love V At best I was but a ne'er-do- weel and a beggar. If I had not known before, I discovered now what a small fellow I seemed when weighed in the balance with the workers of this bustling world. In my wanderings through strange countries I had been filled with amaze ment at the stupendous power exhibited in works of art. I wondered from what source came thote demi gods, whose energy and patience had worked miracles that would only fade with the last great trump of doom. The scales had fallen. 1" wondered no more. Labour ! That was it. Why, here was this one giant, Nestor Puffingham, a living illustration of the power of work. To him it was his Eldorado, his capital. He had not a penny, was as poor as myself in purse and scrip, and yet had promised five hundred pounds towards a worthy and noble object, and was determined to effect it. Energy is only another name for courage, and the little journalist's fortune lay in that quality. ' Time is money,' says the adage. Aye, but it is only money to the man who can turn it to account, else, had your humble servant been as wealthy as the Duke of Westminster. I returned to the Bungalow by way of the stables, and found Pat Iteilly busy saddling several hacks, ' Plenty of work, Pat ?' ' I, faix, captain'. Be me sowl it's run off my ould legs I am, this blessed day,' he responded. ' Here's a couple of spalpeens come here a while ago wid an ould shay that must have been built in the time o' Noah's Ark, an' begorra nothin' would do me fine gintlemen but they must have it in the coach-house ; an' there's the new buggy and the phaeton put out in the sun to get blistered, bekase o' that ancient Pharoah's Chariot. What do ye think o' that, now !' ' Some new arrivals, probably.' ' Ocli, the divil a bit, saving yer presence, captain,' answered the old man, peevishly. ' Shure it belongs to that little gintleman be the name of Buffon, or Buffethim.' ' Puffingham ?' ' That's the name. Bad cess to me if I can pro nounce half o' it widout wantin' to draw breath. Mr. VxMenough comes down, an' says he, " Is the chariot all right, an' the tint, and the table, an' the Naptha lamps?" An' the pair o' omahdunns bews and salams to him just the same as if he was a Nabob.' ' Perhaps he is a Nabob, Pat.' If he is, he's a very small one, yer honor. However, he has a grate rough voice for a man o' his inches. He tould mo to take his two sarvants to the kitchen and give them a feed. A feed, indade ! Just the same as if they were a pair o' asses ; and bedad they might be that same for all ye can git out o' the blagards.' ' Where are they" now, Pat ?' ' The sarvants is it, captain ?' ' Yes.' ' Over there beyant in the kitchen, sitting staring out o' the windy like a brace o' calves gaping over a fepce.' I left Pat growling, and wended my way to my own /room, where I discovered my friend the journalist, pacing to and fro, impatiently waiting for me. ' Truant ; where have you been ?" lie cried. ' Out for-a walk. Pray, don't scold. I'll be ready for the road in half an hour.' ' Thank you. Considering the magnitude of your wardrobe, five minutes ought to suffice- Dear boy, you are not looking well," he\ added in a kinder tone, and looking at me wistfully. 1 ' Say the word' and we will put off our journey until uhis day week.' ' No, we will go at once,) if you please. I am anxious to be gone. Pray, is yonder vehicle in the coach-house yours ?' \ ' What !' lie cried, throwing himself into a stage attitude, " you have had a peep at that king of traps ? Ah, Gad, if that conveyance could speak, what a history it could relate ! It ones belonged to an Eastern Prince, who sold it to a circus manager in India for a piebald pony. Then it went the tour of Europe as the carriage of Timbuctoo, and' at- Venice was taken from its sprjngs, and became a gondola for a season. An enterprising Australian in the theatrical line brought it to this colony, but he became insolvent, and the poor despised chariot lay in the back premises of a horse bazaar until Nestor Pnffingham bought it for the sum of three-fifteen-six.' 'A rare bargain, truly. Tell me, who are those two fellows ? Your charioteers ?' ' You mean Joel and Tusk, my scouts,' he answered, laughing grimly. ' They are part of my plan to scrape £500 together. I hired those two men in Sydney. For the moderate sum of £8 they are the detectives of Afiz Hassan, and betimes his slaves during the term of 30 days, board and washing included. Quick ! we shall depart in an hour.' ' I wish you would explain all this humbug to me, Nea, while I am packing.' ' Humbug 1' he responded, with another pose. ' My dear friend, you have struck the key-note of my plan. Humbug is a mighty lady before whose shrine millions kneel, a mighty fetish who rulest over arts, sciences, crafts, and callings ; she gives tens of thousands their daily bread ; yet no one publicly offereth her thanks. To-day she will display herself in the mart ; to-morrow under the laun sleeves of a parson. Her offerings are carried beneath a wrapper, as if people were ashamed of her. They call her Honesty, and Honour, and such like names, but we, mon cher, we know her for Humbug. For one month I will kneel to thee, oh most delightful Humbug, and fill my purse.' I went out to bid my kind aunt good-bye. Ere I left her room there were tears — grateful tears — in mine eyes at her generosity ; but it was dusk now, and no one could see them. ' Eemernber, dear boy, this is always your home,' she said with quivering voice. ' If you have determined to begin and work for position and name, you will want capital to help you. Do not forget what I have said — mv bankers will always honor your cheque. And now, good-bye.' It seemed strange, very strange to me, seated beside Nestor Puffingham in that quaint chariot, and rattling along the darkened road, with Joel and Tusk behind, chatting in low, muttered tones. I knew not wither we were wending, nor cared not, so that I might get farther and farther from Alice Barton and Jose Eversham. NO. VIII. It was drawing towards evening on the third day after our departure from the Bungalow that my friend Nestor Puffingham drew the chariot out of the beaten track — which marked the way over the Blue Mountains — down into a lovely valley fringed with giant gums. A rill of clear, cool water found its way from the rock above, and formed a tiny cascade into a still, deep waterhole be neath. A great fiat patch of green sward, softer than any Persian carpet, and about half an acre in extent, was singled out at once by my little friend for our camping ground. The two worthies, Joel and Tusk ( named so as to be in keeping with the rest of the ad venture) were directed to unyoke the animals and pitch the tent. I went up to a high crumbling peak to watch the sunset. Such a scene of earthly glory never met my gaze before. My pen cannot describu it, but I have seen it often, since in my dreams. It was dark when I found my way back into the dell. A large fire had been kindled, whose blaze lit up the huge trunks of the trees, and a lai'ge marquee-tent, spacious enough for a dozen men. I could not help laughing at its dome-shaped roof of red and white stripes, its flags and tassels, as if it belonged to some wild Arab chieftan in the desert. I was astonished at the forethought of my quaint comrade. The smallest detail with reference to camp untensils and food had not been neglected ; while his two confreres appeared just the men to aid the journalist in his undertaking. Hitherto we had not camped since leaving tlie Bunga low. Such snatches of food and sleep as had fallen to our lot had been taken en route over the rugged track of the mountains. Therefore it was pleasant to sit down aud partake of a good dinner by the light of the fire, and with the dark blue vault of heaven for our canopy. Although a young man, I was an old traveller. Y et it was wonderful to me to note with what tact and method the meal was sei ved, and afterwards cleared away, by those two men. They had a place for everything, and everything was put in its place without a question being asked. The chariot formed their bed-chamber, to which they soon retired, leaving Afiz Hassan and myself un disturbed. ' Bring forth your pipe, Gad,' said he, at the same time heaping several logs an the fire. ' Thank you. A pipe is a luxury which has not come my way yet, my friend.' ' No ! Ah well, let those sneer at tobacco who never knew the enjoyment of it. Mon cher, I will notquaiwel with you because you are not a worshipper of the sooth ing weed. Some men go through life without tasting half its enjoyments.' 'Possibly. ' I suppose you call this wild farce "en joyment ?" ' 'And is it not, base Nubian slave?' he responded with another of his stage heroics. ' Where could we find a more noble dining-room, or be more free from the conventional forms of that terrible hug-bear, modern society ? Here, if it so pleases you, you may eat your venison (as did our forefathers) with your fingers. Look at this,' lie added, taking a well-seasoned cutty from his pocket. ' What would Dame Grundy say if I put this between my teeth in one of her drawing-rooms ? Dear old pipe !' he cried, apostrophising it. ' What happy hours hast thou aril 1 spent togethci ! When friends have been false, wfien hunger has gnawed, how thou hast comforted me / We have rested lip to lip in fond affection, and often I have drawn inspiration from I thy fragrant breath, Ah, me ! what faces of dear de- j parted friends have passed in long array before us ! What shapes have I seen spring from thy ambrosial clouds ! — forms of beauty ascending with their scarfs blown into arches as they rose with their, floating drapery dwindled into air. Mountains crowned with blue mist, with winding paths that seemed to lead into the clouds ; valleys deep and purple, ocean depths which no eye but our own looked down into ; where ' (To be Continued.) 