HovcHet. GRIT. A story of too p««t and present; of Ordl nary men and Ordinal? tilings, in Ordi nary tannage. BY DONALD CAMERON. irnnon or ' m thb folds of the shutout,' 'STLVBRWltER BEND, ETC.' ' Be sure thy sin will find Ihoo out.' It is a bountiful belief : That over round our hoad Aw hovering on angel wings, ' Tim spirits or tho dead. CHAPTER LI.— (CoNTTNOKD.) Tho noxt day as ho sat in tire armchair, tkero was a ring at tho gsto, and be saw his daughter come up the path. In a few moments slio was Uf bis amu. ' Dear father, I've rubied you,' she said, kneel ing at bis feet. 'No, no, child, 'ims Uie dreamy reply; 'things nre all right ; the reef's been struck. . They thought the old man bad. lost all, but it's nonsense; I've just struck the golden stone.' Bertha looked wouderingly at her father. 'What reef, father?' she asked; inspired with a ceitaui degree of hope, ' I thought you hod sold ? out all your shares.' 'No, no,' was the meaningless reply, 'tho reef's been struck, but they don't know it, so they think I'm ruined. Go and herd tho sheen, Bertha. It's all right.' And be laughed a (coble, fatuous laugh. Bertha put her hands over her eyes. A light now dawned on her mind. The Wow bad boon too heavy. Her father's reason was gone. Her sup. position was too true. Mr. White had in one Say become a helpless imbecile, possessed of the idea . that a golden reef liod bum struck in bis claim I There was little left of the wreck of bis fortune. . Bertlia moved into a bumblo cottage in Jitaoy, and for a time stemmed the tido of evil fortune. Hector had called upon her, and endeavored to make her fulfil her promise : but she refused to ever see bun again. She -told bin! plainly that it was dishonorable to attempt to gain her band by s promising to assist her father out of his difficulties when ho could not. There was ah evil light hi Hector's face, as ho turned to go ;bnt Bertha hod never known 'a happier moment. . True, sho had a trribleBgbt with the world before her, but then she was voting and brave, and free. Was that not enough t ? But Bertha found-out that Molbourno was.as stony-hearted as any great city she bad ever read about. Ereryono was too much taken up with bis own concerns to care about bis neighbors' sorrows, And cnijploymcnt of any fcind was scarce, especially for those who knew no trade. Perhaps ibis is not correct; there was plenty of employment, but there was a vast number of people looking after it. : Her pride would not allow her to seek help from IJiose she had known In better times;, the Jniuner in which they neglected her showed that application . t would have boon fruitless; and, after, ,a .vain straggle to get fitter employment. Bertha bad to go to tlie factory. To obtain work even thore was \- ' difficult. * , . .- . ' . ' But the 'bad fortune which hao' fallen upon the girl bniy brought to light tho full strength ' lament ; she puther'hjiaa' tb'Jhe ]pu7dgh^'&n4; ^worked oil in the hope thatshe .would in time AV' 'be able to lay something by, andperhaps rise in the warehouse and tecomo a saleswoman. She took every opportunity to learn, arid got on very- well, . although we liArd.-^rork and constant confinement told severely upon her ?frame. Still, the Ufo was 'not' without its ? pleasures* . _ It was deligh't£ul.to get put 'of. lh^ ; factory Men six o'clock strut*;' and to igo; home and prepare supper tor herself and the old mnn, and then Bitandscwandlalk with ' him An *t3ie evening* ' ~. Se^^Siad ^completely * ' - changed 'now;, he was miU'anoVeluldijke, but babble b^g(»ntinusilyBboutreef8-and gold,. \- ' and 8uOpherdmgthoiflm%..v.He.appe»red to' l^ always under the: id^:tiatBertoliad . - - been ierding the sheep all Say, an4 how and . ? ''? then ho wondered what had iecome ;, of \- - Iiaasy. For; a lime vBerlto: was'. puzzled, \- ' how to secure his Mrigoocupjeaandanlused during the Jor« hours wheilahe was at work,' ?????. but ,»t last she hit upon the idea Joltaldng liimtotheftibUcT^rary, andaftrtttiathe ? : found hta way Jhere wgnlarttr,-i*itoy'; :««-, taking bislnncli^thhim^ MflBjjfi^uenterB ?; of Athe Library wfll remember, ;Jbim, ^si old, ?* * srey Pleaded Tnf**j $en£ end. wlUierefly 3ftijii* & ^fe: '::;:-?:':£' :???. i ^cs^^^f^^^l , ' *. priiw .^ft ifiM* ttfwnpajiinna Jn.tira .york-tooni; ?: ;?.;??' /.mm~'^-iajm^.1te:!^?w--a!&'*i& -: ; together ana£ossipa1-out Hieir jroeeliearte; and thaconUemen:4hey knew. Nay, they '??'-?:- would haroTy-ave left the *-«feoiiM'4hen''- '??:..-. &ey; wonla^lie met By young jaibws -who ?would escort them within the uipit of home, .:,;?'?;.. ∋ make appointments for the future. To isvfe.itf.X-.' ?--?.,?;'..- j-.iv^v-'. ' „ -V. -^.-r ;.;... ? ?.;??. 1w '\vitJiout a eweetheMt, wasio bffout of the' 'world; nnd to tlio^lrk -girl's KmoBi]]»ti6n do term convoyed bo much opprobrium Ss'V She's' 'Sot no chip.' That -wai the Alpha -arid Omega of iropronoh; themostwitheringiMtire. If, tbetefooB, a girl was tmfortuhaU tenongh to lose fair sweetheart, rather throughs quarrel, his having taken' npwlth another/girl, or his leaving Oie country, she at onoe made baste. to lay in a new stoclc.to osoape the reproaoh of being swectueartless. It pained Bertha deeply to see much of what went on, the folly and heedlessness of her eompanlons,' wno 'could be lured to their destruction by shallow :but designing fools; nad'^he kept herself apart. - Yet ;Bho .pould irymrottiiso wi^h the . poor creatures. - She opulo oomprohem how eagerly theso poor overworked girls would aooept any prospeot to be relieved irom their monotonous woarying toil.' Almost anything seemed better to them than this ikvery— am how dehghtad they -wouldbo.attheph6nooflf ?a home f or themselns. : , * Bertha saw the dangers of a groat factory. A^iumber of girla^govd andbad, wero massod together, and'.the bad had- a baneful and powerful influence. It was almost .impossible -to escape, especially when tho finger of soom was pointed at any girl who held out, and was spiritless enough not to enter into the ' tan.' Besides, a girl who had only a bean in her own station of life was not thought muoh of— she would pass in a crowd; but the girl who could claim to he . regarded by a gentleman why, she was quite s gueeo. At first,- the girls were disposed to chaff Bcrtha.boeauso she had no beau, but somehow her sweat nature so wrought on them that they ceased to 'tease. One or two of the girls, however, took it jnto their heads that ?Bertha had a prior Attach* ment ; -and, under this impression they triad to argue . with lior that, even if she loved somo one who was absent, that shouldn't interfere with a little flirtation, ' just to keep her heart dp,' tho girls said. But Bertha only smiled, and after a while she was let alone, at least, by the girls. But let it not be supposed that the. youths of Melbourne, who are cvor on the lookout for something fresh, and study the factory .girls 'withafervor, which if directed to books, would. make them the greatest scholars of the Ipge,: could allow so boautiful a creature to oscape their notice. Ineoed Bertha was nerfecUy pestered with them. . They hung about. the door in tho little lane at which tho sewing girls went in and out, and at six o'clock thore was sure to be a young fellow waiting to pay court to the 'beautiful milliner.' But in vain would ho try every, means of.eatohing her attention j in vain he would get the other girls to introduoe him— Bertha passed on. ' In maiden moditation fancy free,' and the gallant would whistle and repair to a neigh boring hotel to drink down his disappoint ment. Although Bertha never heard of Jack now, hie image never left her mind ; his name was engraven in her heart in loiters too deep to be over {erased. His face haunted her dreams, and rose up before her when she was at her work. . How often she -wept for him in the solitude of her little room I pow often the plighted their troth, was kissed and kissed in passionate rapture I .How she longed lor a light of his dear facei if only for a moment But days passed and time vent on, and sho never heard of him, although she went occasionally to Gordon ;& Gotcli's, to readlthe Grit nowspapere, in the hope of seeing him mentioned. She wondered how it had fared with him in. the great convulsion. Some times her yearning became so great that she felt almost compelled, to write to Jack — but her womanly modesty stayed her pen. ? How deeply, truly, she loved him, although indig nant at the errors she thought he had com mitted. . Bertha might have struggled on and sur mounted difficulties bad not her father fallen ill. ThiBwaBagreaMrial, asshehad tohire someone toattendhim and also to invest in little delicacies which soon made the slender purse run short ; and at the sime we meet her she had hardly a sixpence in £he world, and, worse than all, this, was her last day in the factory. She had been discharged, why, no one knew. Deep was tho sympathy of theother girls, and many the conjectures. - Bertha's, teal's flowed plentifully over her machine when she heard the cruel mandatqpand her heart1 failed her when she looked into the future— ospocially when she considered that the factories were overstocked at that time, it being the slack season. She did not know what to do. ? If no one can guess why Bertha was dis charged, we can. The second partner, Hr. Clack, was a. fine, handsome man, of about thirty, who had worked his way up to.be the real head of the firm. He had wprked very hard inhisjtime, and jiow thought he might indulge, in a little of this world's pleasures. He thought ho would '*»»t»- amends for his sterile youth, and aftera few years of what he called pleasure, marry, and forget it all. However, tho reiult was ono that often occurs. ' Measure' mastered him, and he became the slave of his own passions, tho hardest master men can have. : Mr. Clack, who seldom saw any employes except the principals, chanced to got a gfunpse of :Itertha»no'. evening as she' was coming but of the workroom, and immediately'the inflammable tinder of his hearttook fire. He became impressed withjthe Idea that, he had never seen a beautiful girl until Bertha had come, tinder bis survey. Of course lie made lovp-to her at onoe, and was parfoctly non plussed to find her impervious to all his soft spVSPioB and flattery. Bhe passed on without 'giving him an answer* ToiJiuik ihat 4)no of hiseewinggirle^voulddotbisi ,Why, hchad, never spoken to oneof them before, who had; not gone plmoBt into hyBtfeicspf joy if lie had deigned to show her th» Bmaihat, attenttpn. Mr. CUickmade a yery poor Sinner ,that even^ ing.; Next day he charged the enemy again, but was ^coldly repulsed.,1 He didn't .know what was the matter. Be knew he was dread fully in love, hut how. to obtain a more favorable result. he failed so eee. . : T^ceks passed, and still .he was in the same; position, not one step 'more forward. .Hetook oounBelwiUiiisjfciondo, and they advised Iiim ti) try diflerent ineansi; but failure marked them bIL „ He even sent a splendid -present to Bertha, with ttigauWul letter, composed by a young jiressman, with -whom -he Associated - atOlUver'sCatt-lliat resort of .4he fourth estate— but.it feU flat, find the present was', sent jbabk. Driven to his'wit's end,Mr.-Claok: now took into hisconfldenceaganueraanwho, wm noted mafiairs of aheieart.,fHiflIricna waa.xeady .with a Temeay-at onoe. ;t«t the girl be tiiw- harged, jieadyised, tod tlanders diroulated to prevent her getting employment elsewhere.' Mr. Clackwas almost completely demoralised bythe life ho tiadled, and the oompanions with whom lie haft associated; but this -was rather too ba3 for him,.Bo he jinng about' Bertha -for another1 vbek, and tent even «o far ;as to visit ierj' but iewas T^f-sxnflely.'XroulBedt' J'3QieiiJ£r^%^ack, nfter' labsoluteW itryjng yriflr jTrTa1iiwi|i'Tnnnlvrii 1iff ^UllOOgttt;JSU!l,jtol|,%-im4-yi»',-WiU«WltwifTTinrig: snndrypangs bf -ramorse, which )not even a rbuidoIobimpB^e-iOTild remove. ' ' -j-VA-, '. ?:?'- '?'OHArtteft'lini.. ' '.' .:- .^ ,. 'i^JafAiri;^ ^%e Hhbnghts of h^r poor old lather jhrongnfrSoatB to her c^es.-»ahe fonnd many.. WmpSthisto ; -tod some of the^Ms suggested hat they would give her as much of the work - they iised, to take home with them, as they could. Ber heart orerflowed wiBi gratftnoe to thoiw' poor girls, and sho ported with Uicii affectibnatcly. As it was winter, the nighl had come, and it was quite dark when Bertht walked through the Parliament Beserve. Shi ?was sighing wearily, when someone touched her on the arm. Turning round, ehcisav with alarm that Mr. Olack was by her aide. His face wore a singular expression, ball shame, half determination. ' Der&a; drew ha faded shawl around her, and endeavoured tc pass oh. 'Bertha,' said Mr. Clack in a harried un oortain manner, 'why don't you listen to me' I Ibvo you madly. I could kill mysolf for you, Love me, Bertha, and you shall havo whatevei you desire.', 'Wjy.don'tlHston.toyouf' iaidBertha, turning her faoo full upon him, 'Ask that horrible corpus that was laid on the blabs 61 the morgue last -week. Ones it was called Bessy Hansom. A Jew months ago *he was Mia minrioit girl in your worimhop; now she lies in thifeavc, and who sent her thoro?' She looked into hiscycB until ho-quaQod, (and ahranlclijbck. ? ' ' ' ? ' ' Mr. Olaok,' said Bertha, ' you aro a youns man fttnd-thero is a groat future before you il you choose. Thero are nobler alms in thii world than those that lead you captive now.' . And she walked on, leaving.the young man gazing after her stupidly. Bhc had oncnod up to his mental vision a vista of crimono lerriblo that H staggered him\ Horcmcmberod poor-Bessy too well, and for tho moment ho was' stricken with shamo and rcuionsc, and his better feelings, nearly lost by his course of life, began to return. But his passions were roused to the utmost ; and when a man allows his passions to govern him, they drive him unrolentingly. In a tow minutes he recovered himself, and resolved to stifle all tho warnings of conscience. As he walked away, he began to develope a plot that would, ho thought',- enable him to obtain a favorable opportunity to urge his suit with Bertha. He could not then toll what he would do, but be felt that he must have Bertha, whether she would be his or not. The scono that had taken place had not boon without a witness. A gentleman, looking prosperous and opmfortablo, had just come tout of tho Parliament House, -which was lit 'Up— the legislature being in session. He ?uttered an exclamation of surpriso, and appeared intensely pleased. His destination bad evidently been Bourkc-strcct, but now he altered his course and walked after Bertha. This gonUcman was none other but'Hootor Macinnis. Ho had lost sight of Bertha for a long time, and had given her up as lost to him for over. But now that he met her once more, his love revived, and he followed her. Ho argued fronil her appearance that she was not prosperous, and from this entertained hopes that ho could easily win her. Things had prospered with Hector since we saw him last. Hoiind cautiously steered his bark, refusing to listen to the siron pipings of those who sought to lead him to Iub destruction. Steering a safe middle course, it memed likely enough that ere long the utmost cxtenfatf his ambition wonld be gratified. ~ It was' with a sort of terror, however, that he thought Jack might now be married to Bertha, and that if ho followed her ho might meet. his old enemy. Still, the passion that was dovouring him led him on, and ho was soon alongside the poor girl. Bertha was terrified when he accosted her ; but regaining her. composure, she soon let him understand that she did not desire his company. She did not oven deign to speak to him. Hector saw it was no use, and stayed behind. 'Well,' said ho, as he turned on his heel, ' Those who will not .do a thing must be made to doit. I'll humble that proud girl before many days arc over my head.' And he joined the crowd in Bourkc-stroct with a singular smile on his face. He feared nothing now. Ho thought he was free as the air. CHAPTEB LIV. Bertha found her father sitting in the arm chair, supported by cushions. He was very weak, and the pallid appearance of his face inspired her with alarm. The nurse, a groat awkward girl, was dozing at the scanty tire, dreaming of the baker, of whom sho had become enamored. The old man's eyes lit up with pleasure when his daughter- entered. ,' You're late to-night,' said ho ( ' have the sheep been bard to hurdle? Snoop are curious animals, find stubborn as mules. Never mind, girl, the crushing will soon bo finished, and then you won't have to herd the sheep any more 1' Bertha ahnost burst into tears, but desiring to keep from her father any cvidenoo of care, she woke up the girl and prepared tea. It Was a simple task. She put a few tea loaves into the pot, and after letting it draw, poured out a cup for. her father; for, like all old Australians, he was extremely fond of the beverage; And then she filled tho pot up with water, at which the nurse innately rebelled, although Bertha shared alike with her. A email loaf was then produced, and a Lilli putian pat of butter. The nurse soon made the loaf look still smaller, and shame alone prevented her from taking all the butter ; but she might have done so, for poor Bertha hardly ate anything. While partaking of this meagre repast, two very different sounds disturbed tho air. A gay operatic melody, in which the voices of women' and men- were joined, now and then swelled upon the, air. At intervals low moans, were heard, and once or twice the shriek of a man as if in anguish. Bertha shuddered. After a pause, the notes of the piano broke the silence, and a prac tised-hand jooured out 'Stride la Vampi.' What agonising ? memories those . strains brought back to Bertha's . memories.* . In happier '.-days tho piano', had been hor great solaoe, and how often had she played that beautiful air. Strange, effect of music I It seems to play upon the junBaen chords of the brain, and to create a harmony unheard but, felt. Its magio touches releases from the cells of oblivion the thousand memories that have slumbered. as if dead ; it wakes up the phan toms of the past that lie in the deepest recesses of the heart, nntfl the spectral procession fills the eyes with sympathetic tears. ., But hark) the raanS, thrilling air, by which Azunena recalls, the upward roll o! the flames that, destroyed herparent ceases, and after a few chords,, the piano evolves the' glorious brin disi, ' II ttgretopar user fetid' suggestive only of the j^pwinff goblet^ tibe festive ^unnp, Ihe joyous caress of love; and a voice, a fine, manly voice, rings again as it follows the symphony^— '.. Vllsegreto.peresserlelici, . .. ^jSiprovse Tin sigpo.agli amid.' . '? Bertha's tears had been stealing down her Sheek prior to ibis, but now a pale flush came into her face, and ahum was depicted on her Dountenancc fine - recognised the ; voice— it . was that of Mr. Clack.- fie knew where she lived, and had followed her, - . ? , ' . . It may be as well here to give Some idea of Mjbeetjn vhichi Bertha,, for *he sake of Boonomy, Jived. It was in1 one of the leading taburbs, an4 was called Willow-street,, be cause a solitary specimen of that tree had be#n successfully cultivated by one of the first settlers. He often ^boosted he had planted it when the spot, now so thickly peopled, was a wilderness. , ' . BerthadwdtmaUttUbriokoven,whichhad been ireeied when Ktzroy was first inhabited. On one Bide of the house -was a large build Ing, which wan a boarding establishment muoh affected Ay the theatrioal profession; indeed there were operatic stars living there now, Much' amounted for the music. The youngsters of the neighborhood looked opon t as an earthly paradise. On tlie other tiltln of Ocrtha'i house wiw t. wretched littlo weatherboard box,. with the windows boarded up, the general aspect being one of desolation. Few had ever soon the inmates, 'who generally moved, about in tho night ; but those who had been lucky enough to-eatob a glimpse of them, avowed tlie place was tenanted bya; haggard man and a pale, bedraggled woman. The hitter was well-known to the barmaid at the Corner Hotel, who declared that she could not tell what Iras dono with tho boor she porohascd. Indeed, she was a valuable customer. It was from this hovel that the groans were now proceeding. What a contrast 1 Gaiely, laughter, music, on one side f moans and misory on tho.othcr. Bertha put her father to bod, and after re ceiving his oustomary kins, she returned to the little parlor, and sat gazing at tho fire, pondering over tho situation, and trying to think of some means of mooting hor dunoully . Her discharge was to unexpected, thafshe had been -utterly unable to lay up something, to keep herself and her father while she was out of work. Mo oourso that she could think ot was feasible Soon sho followed tho example of tho servant girl, who bad gone off to Bleep, and doEOd fitfully. In ono of thorn) dozes she «aw Jaok once more. He wan standing with her on the hill ubovo Grit, and their flocks were fooding quietly in the distance, while Spot nnd Lassio were playing together amongst the bushes. Suddenly Jock pointed to the ground, which began to open, and be neath their: feet appeared a wall of snowy Blone in which specks of rich yellow gold ap peared. Soft musio trembled through the air; and looking up, Bertlia boiield a beau tiful being, attired us if in a veil of gold, gazing upon thorn with ploanuni in tier eyes. But the vision faded quickly, and Bertha woke to find that some one was knocking at the door. At first Bertha was terribly afraid, but when sho hoard a women's voico nay, 'Is anyone in?' she went to the door and opened it, A servant girl stood without. Bertha at onco recognised her as ono of thoso em ployed at the boarding house. ' I believe you do Bowing 7' said the girl. 'Yes,' replied Bertha. ' So they thought next door,' said the do mestic. ' Ono of the ladies wants a dross made up quick and she told mo if you liked you could go down to this address to-morrow and. help in making it. It's quite a grand affair i sho woars it in tbc nfcit play.' Bertha hardly knew how to reply. Certainly she felt glad at tho idea Of somo work; but thon she remembered that Mr. Cluck was next door, and this might be a mere Attempt to enable him to havo an interview with her, and she doubted him very much. Indeed, she felt she could not listen to any words of love, however honest. Her heart was Jack's. But then she was bo poor, and tbo wage the girl mentioned wob Buflicicnt to keep tho house for some weeks, and by that time, perhaps, she would have other employment ; so she accepted the offer. Bertha was revolving tho matter in her mind when there was another knock, and a very sweet voico said, 'Can I come in?' Bertha went again to the door and opened it. A beautiful woman, handsomely dressed, stood there. Bertha thought her lovely^ but there was a strange look in hor face, and sho socnicd to survey her with a deep and searching interest. At last she sccincd to have satisfied hor curiosity, and turning' her cyos away, Bertha heard her sigh. 'Miss White,' said the lad}-, 'I want to talk to you, if only for a few minutes, upon a matter that docs not admit of delay.' Bertha now recognised her. She had often seen her looking out of tho windows of the boarding-houso, when she was passing. She showed her in, pondering in her own mind what this evontful night would bring forth. ' Miss White,' said tho girl, ' you do not recognise me, yet 1 know you well, and havo known you for many ycarc. Then, however, you were in a vastly different position to what you aro now, but,' she added, ' that hag not altered you.' Bortha'lookod at her in an astonished way. Tho woman gazed earnestly at Bertha, and Uien burst into tears. ' You aro boautiful,' she said, 'in spito of all; beautiful, beautiful. All! I don't wonder now that he loved you 1' Bertha began to wonder whether her visitor was deranged, and began to fiel alarmed. 'You may well look astonished,' said the girl ; ' but when I tell you who I am, you will wonder no more. I am Maggie 1' A crimson flush suffusod Bertha's cheek. Then this was the woman who had brought division between her and Jack, and who had mode her cast him off. 'Don't be angry with me,' said Maggie; 'it's all over now. He novor loved me. 1 believe he bated mo at last. I was to blame throughout. I thought I could steal his love ; but I only succeeded in giving to myBolf a life without tho slightest Jiope of the love that alone could brighten it.' Bortha's noble soul was roused when she saw this poor girl aroused to such emotion. How well she could understand her — she who loved Jack so passionately and hopelessly borsch*. 'Ob, J'cbI' said Maggie, 'how madly I loved Jack, and he never returned it. Hoc here,' sho continued, putting her hand into her bosom and drawing thence a miniature; 'this is all I have left; it novor quits ray breast.' Bertha looked at it. There was the noble, handsome face ot the boy they loved. Maggie kissed it with feverish ardor, and returned it to her breast. At this. Bertha's face flushed again, for she'could not keep down a jealous feeling. 'But, remembering ihe disastrous effects of her jealousy, she-strove to .triumph . over it. . 'Whata happy, thoughtless life, I lived,' said Maggie,, 'until' I met him. .Then my whole soul, concentrated into that hopeless love.' ?? Bertha did not know; what .to say. She would like to comfort'ifaggic, nut knew not how to prooood. - . ' But it was not lor the purpose of crying over my lost love that I came hero to-night,' said Maggie. 'I came to warn you of what seems to me to mean you some peril.' ' How?' asked Bertha. ''When I left Grit,' said Maggie— 'then Jack -was lost to me— I was so wearied of being a barmaid, that I turned my attention to the stage, being a good singer — you re member I was a member of theOrit Dramatic Club, and I have taken a fair position here. I live in the next house, which is a great resortof the profession. It is of course a very fine place,. and admirers of the. stage -some there, among whom is a Mr. Clack, a warehosc man, whom I have notified behind the scenes. He ? is at our place now, and I Dotiood him in grave conversation with MissDemby, a bouffe actress, whose principles I doubt. They sent the servant out to yonr place, and I surmised Mr. Clack had some end to attain. The girl was hero?' ^ 'Yes,' said Bertha, Her face becoming ashjrwhtte. 'Have' nothing to do with them,' said Maggie, -y . ? - ' 'lamjoverypoor,' mosnedBertha, 'and the offer lot work was most tempting. I have been dismissed from the warehouse — Mr. Clack's.' - . ? 'I win be your friend,' said Maggie. 'I owe you reparation. 1 have inflicted suf fering and sorrow opon you, and ere I die I must pay it back with interest.' ' No, no, Maggie,' said Bertha. ' It was my fault as well as yours. I was too exact ing— too jealous of a noble man.' ' And thujc two women, cadi bound together by the love of ono man, clasped hands. It was easy to Me, ?however, that poor Maggie suffered deeply. Bho know sho could have nc ?hare in his love. Yet, strange to «ay, at this moment tho idea that sho eould do some thing for him by suoooring the woman ho loved, seemed to give her comfort and strength. CHAPTEB IjV. ? ' While tho1 two girU stood clonping each other's hand, and thinking ot tho absent dear one, steps wero heard outside. Both girls listened. 'This ii tho house,', they beard a voice Then all was silent. ' Muu White,' said Maggie, ' I fool happier than I have tell for many a day a' being ot soryioo to one poor Jack, so dearly loves. My advlco is to leavo tho neighborhood a- quickly andjquiclly an you can:- I know you require money, but whatever yon want I'll lend. I«t mo do that M some reparation. Don't deny mo the privilege ot doing something for one 1 have so injured.' 'I thank you from my heart,' replied Bertha, 'I might have boon even more JcalouB had I known you were bo noblo a girl. 1 have done you an injuHtioe.' ' .'' Blesn you for these words,' said Maggio, a bright look coming into her faoo. ' Oh I no wondor ho loved you, for you arc, indeed, an angel.' Another knock came to the door. BoUl girls started. ' In MIbs White in ?' asked a female voice. Bertha wont to the door. A woman with a haggard face, and ilressnl in rags, stood without. Both Ucrtha and Maggio gazed at her as if they recognised her, ' Ay, you may stare,' said tho woman with a shiver. ' You ought to know me. Don't you know Mrs. Macinnis 7' The (tirls gave a start as if n, spectre had appearod to them. ?'Don't think I'm a ghost,' saiil tho creature ; ' I wish I wan.' 'Impossible,' naid Maggio; 'Mrs. Macin nis died somo tinin ago in the Lunatio Asylum,' ' No, sho did not,' replied 1'rudonoo ; for this was she ; ' it's a long story, but I haven't lima to tell you all about il now. There'H ft man dying noxt door, whom both of you know 1' ' Who ?' asked both in bowildermcnt. ' Bunakum,' was the reply. Both stared, lleminisconooiiof tho put, in which this man and woman Imd playod such important ports, oamc thronging through their minds. Much as Bertha was surprised and confusod, sho could not but reflect what a narrow escape sho had in not marrying Hector Maccinnis, Hhc now saw that roan in such a repulsive light that sho felt greater terror at tho recollection of the look lie had given her that evening than at Clack's porsoouUon. What would bo the end ? 'You wouldn't havo a shilling about you, swoet ladies ?' said tho woman ; ' I just want to fetch a drop to comfort tho poor old man boforc ho dion. Moggie pulled out her purse, and gave the eronc half-a-crown. How her eyes glittered, and what a look of satisfaction came into her face. ' I'll be bock in a'moment, and bring you to him,' said nlio and she darted to tho hotel ' Thore sho goes,' said Moggie, ' seeking more of tho poison that has ruined her and that wrctchod man.' ' How strange all thin is, naid Bertha.' ' Nothing is strange in this world,' wos tho reply. ' Look how soundly that girl sleeps. She knows nothing of trouble Happy, happy girl 1' lly. this time the bundle of rags, whom we nupnoSio we must call a woman, returned, carrying a block bottle, out of which, how ever, sho had herself partaken freely, for sho stepped lighter, and her ayes beamed. ' Come tliis way, Miss White,' riic said ; ' Oh, won't Bunaliura be glad when ha socs tho drink. It'll put life into him, and perhaps after all, he will get ovor.it this time, although I doubt if he'll last (he week out.' She opened the door, and tho two (tirls entered the miserable hovel. What a sight was presented to them. On a stretehor lay a wild looking old man. His features were pinched with famine, his oyes wore red and bloodshot, and his grey matted Ijftir fell around his shouldors in elf locks. His thin bony fingers clawed tho air now and then, as be moaned in agony. He recognised the two women at once, and appeared to fed somo relief at their presence. 'Jack, Jack,' said Bunakum feebly; 'is ho with you?' Bertha gazed upon the man with pity. Sho oould hardly realise the extraordinary events that had transpired since sho had first seen Bunakum. Heaven : what a whirl of wonder ful changes and transitions there hod been. To think that it had all come to this. ' Ho is not here,' said Bertlia. ' Ah,' said Bunakura, sinking back as if liis hist hope were gone. 'Where is ho? ft'hero is ho ? I must see my hoy before I lie. 1 roust seo him and tell him all.' Bertha now remembered the dork mystery Lhat hung about this man— the mystery which Jack had often told her it was his only acsirc. to fathom. Oh I that ho were here. ' Cati't you send for bun?' KaidBonakum, fretfully: 'He must come, for my time is short/ ' ' All right old man,' said Frndcnce; 'we'll send for him soon, lor. these kind ladies have money. But just to koep your! tteart up take a drop.' How liis face brightened when he saw Pru dence pour into s/tumblar -iho dark , brandy. Ejagerly, ho seized it, his hand trembUng Uko in aspen. How his teeth chattered! But mce he had swallowed the draught he seemed inspired with new life. ' More, more,' he asked. 'No, no,' said Prudence; ' I'll give you some by-and-bye 1' He was not satisfied, and his eye followed' the black bottle wistfully.- Both Bertha and Maggio shuddered as they saw (his. 'This is the end of tbo drunkard,' said Maggie to Bertha. ??Yes,' replied Bertha; 'it should be a raming to an.' . . ? 'How unavailing I' paid Maggie, with a righ. 'Tbo demon is remorseless. What can xe do with this man ?' Bertha could not tell. Her heart yearned to do something for her lover's father,' fallen is he was. 'He is dying,' continued Maggie, 'The jest thing to do would be to sand for his son.' ??How could we send for him?' asked Bertha. 'I will /despatch a messenger,' ., said 'Sunaknm was looking at them in a rest less, troubled way. ' Ah I' said he at hut, ' no one cares for the old man now; his voice falls flatly on he ears of aU. But why? Because, the ?are that once listened Ao me are durt and ishes years, ago. Yes 1 tho miners ot Grit nc dead, and it is time the old man was lead, too. But, send for Jack. He want* Ten-' feanoe on Hector Maoinnis; he shall have t— he shall iiBTO it. He wants /vengeance m ObadiahSweetoemfort; he shall have it— le shall have it. Bend for him! They come round me, the spirits of the dead and damned —and cry out for my -company. Jjet him some before I join the army that is march ing on to perdition. Old mates i are round me; but they are now in torment. O, God! Avnrn I not dead ? Death ! belli any i thing, rather than thin I' I And he ahriakod in agony, and covered bis face with his hands. Vain effort ! bow can we shut-out that which is within ourselves I ' Thb man has some terrible soerot on hit mind,' aaid Maggie, ?? and^ ho must mo Jock, dome Bertlia, Jet us Jonvo him. Hero, Mrs. Mactpnuv, Uko this, it will esilsl you for a while.' And handing Prudence a sovereign Maggto drew Bertha out of tho houan. They did not notion tho ohookle that worthy gave, As for Huuakum, he shrieked when the girb loft ; but Bertha itoothod him with the OMuranoo that he would aeo Jack soon. B*rtha found her father up, in a very ex dteddato. '.What do yon think?' said ha in sharp tones, so very different irom his usual utter nnoosj 'I dreamed that 1 saw that wroteh Bunakum come up to my uoiIhIiIo when I was adoep, and I heard Ilia voieo plainly. When I woke I thought I hoard him again. Can be be hereabouts, Bertha ?'' ' Hho soothed him, and and waking up the riunogir), sent hor to bed. Maggie now bade her good-nlglil. 'Keep up your heart, Mlia White,' sho said ; ' I jvlll sand a moiuiago for Jaok by tho flint train. All will bo well.' ' Well,' repeated Maggio as rfio went homo. 'Well I No, no, not with me. Tlioy will at least bo happy, while I— I—' And her companions for the first lime, agrvod that Maggio was in very bad miiritn. Bertha hardly idept that night. Slid kucw that hor position wan one of groat dilUoulty— almost alone and helplest in a great oily with only one friend, and that friond her former rival, .Maggio. CHAPTBB*IjVI. All me I Ills eyas nni» muni Ala RiMlng into miuu ; })ul -0j 1 not as of yoro, No hopM) for nw Uicra nliinu ; Like snmo poor IiImIwI tnii Whim witikr's Klonm have nod, AU vcrdiml round I sun, Whilo 1 ani bars nnd demt. ' ' Thn bropRon come and gu O'or luildi where tlnwnm bloom ; No change my nodi can knov, Flicdln my dreary doom. Of iiopo no tender lent ? My witlioml brniicb can show ; No floiror mve that of grief, No whisper but nf woo I Tlio fogs and mint* of early morning wore hanging ovor the city, when a lady droHscd in plain garments stepped on the railway plat form at Hpcnoer-Btroct, where tho early train for Grit wan waiting. A heavy veil hid her features ; but the fjoncral appearance wan that of a rcspoclablo middlo- agod woman, who had soon much of this world's toil. Yet xho' purchased a nrst- olasn ticket, which some what surprised tho other pasBongara who wero crowding round llio little pigeon hole, whence a sleepy clerk, cursing tho system of oarly trains in his inmost heart, was handing out tickets. Just an she has purchased tho magical bit of paper, it gentleman gave her a push, and thrust a fivo-pound note into the dork's hand. The lady turnoil round and looked at the rude man, Her faoo flushed, and she quiolly moved away, without, how over, losing sight of him. ! Tho woman was Maggio, and the domineer ing gentleman Obadiah Bxvwlaomtoit. Ho hod filled out, and looked vory comfortable, very wealthy. Thoro was an assumption in his gait, a generally independent xwaggor, that told all lie was n wealthy man, ono who foil he should obtain the homage of lifn follow men, if ho did not have their roxpocl. Maggio kept a keen oyo on him, and noted Ilia carriage he clioso. Sho enterod Die next, which was unoccupied, and in a few moment* tho train sped away into tiie swamps witll its rather small load of half awake, travellers, who were maligning tho destiny that took thoni out of a warm lied at so eariyjan hour, to be jolted a hundred milcn. Maggie was not one of theso ; hIic had boon awake all the night, end the burning fever in hor veins kept sloop at a distance. In a few hours Kho would meet llio man who wan to her c'.oarcr than life ; the man for whom shn entertained passionate but hopeless love, which must remain, however, unsatisfied. She was going to him, not to plead her own cause, not to try and obtain his love, but to place him in a oosilion to renew his love for another — to bridge the ocean that had separ ated them so long. And yet, did she rogrot this 1 Nc 1 Hho know that so far as xho was concerned the bloom of llfo liad pasted away for ever, loaving the dull, dead /lower to fade into dust. But if sho made him happy, if sho contributed to the peace and joy of ono who deserved his love, nbofolt that she would be doing what was her duty, and laying the foundation of (ho pesos and rent that over oomo bom doing our duty. Jiertlia hod wakoncd- within her better and nobler fool ingn. After a night of distracting reflection, of team, pasniofl, she had been enabled to' see life in a bettor and less ml/lsh aspect. There was to hor a kind of sublime pleasure, in making happy the man she loved, even at tho cxponso of her own hoari. She wos donying herself, and self-donial gives greater happiness than any other virtue Sho knew that bIio must bg prepared that day to suffer unntterablo anguish, to trample upon all tho toolings of her. deep . passionate nature, and to bear her. cross through tho thorns and briars ot self abnegation. Yet never for one moment did she falter hi her purpose ; no, not even while tears Uko rain fell from her eyes; not when the demon stood before her and placed temptation after temptation in her way. Sue was struggling with her feelings when she chanced to hear Obadish Swootoomfort's voice.,, .He had raised it, and the words oould bo heard in the next carriage. ! ' The ground's not much account,' mid. he ; ' that's right perhaps, but then it is on tho Une of the Hesnemsxcof, audit may turn out good some tune.; But. then you know, Hniokera, that is not my aim. I always have, a purpose. Jswk Moldon is making a living out of it, and I mean to stop him. You can't tell. Snickers, how I hate that fellow. He has always been the blaok spot in my life. Whefi I was a boy I, ae boys do, fell in love with old White's daughter, and so did be. What do you. think? fie struck me once, and 1 ran away. Tm a physical coward, and .can't fight, although I wish I could, and fell in a puddle. They laughed at me, laughed at mo. It rings in my hears to this day. Then when we grew up he disputed my sway amongst the f^ir^oml cad toOed many of my schcraos. But I oould forgive everything except his taking Bertha from me.' ' 'You. don't mean to say,' said another person, wham Maggie identified as Sniggle Snickers, ' that you go in for the melo dramatic business, rc-v-e- nge?'. ' 'Psugbl' said Obadiah, 'I don't think of that, I hate him. It pleases me to boo him downinthe*du«t, andlamoneof those who believe |in having my way, no matter what others satier.' - - ???-.' Sniggle Snieken laughed in a short, dry way. ' ' Yes,1' continued Obadiah, 'I believe in gratifying my feolings ; and next to a good lividend,theabasoment of thoselhstepkases me best; ana I do hate him I and in making him suffer he has afforded nus greater pleasure than my best friends, Fancyl'l absolutelysawhim-wiauut shoes to his tot, and withhardlyastitchtohis back, ahd offered him money. Fancy thatl ' The man who lorded it in Grit one time. Why, it was such a beat, that I never 'think of it without nibbing my hands.' . ' Another short laugh. . ' When I wo» oifiu Orit Uui lima,' oon tinuod Obadiah, 'I «»W/hlm working in * aliatt on Scarecrow liiU, and at onoe took note that tho conditions hain'tboon oompliod witll, for there ought to have boon two men at wark, where there wai only ono; no I'mdotcr mliiod to jump Uicclaini, arid that'* why Jgo Up to Grit to-day. More Own that, I found out that lie was living with his old friend, tho ?nan you Hupjilantod, : William Brown. ? I know Brown was mining manager for tho Western Beef Company, and I wont straight to the bank and told tho manager to aatno down upon tho claim. Old Kronman wai a little stubborn at tint, but when I tola him Jaok was kept at work through Brown being employed at tha Western licaf nifaic, he agrea) Mi do II at onoe. lie hales Jack, too.' ' 'Yen,' said Hniokorn,- vory drily, 'Jack made his fortune.' ' And he inado mine, too,' said Obadiah with a obuekJa; 'only it was in ignorsnoci. But lot's cpeak of buunws, I've, bought up 0,11 tbo Hesperus Exiendod shanm now Dioy nre so low, and 1 want to start a crosseat to the wot. I know there's a reef in tint direction, At all events, I'll manipulate tho market with your aiulnUnoo, and nine llio Hliaren sufficiently high to make a profit out of tlism.' 'How ninny have you i;ol?' asked Suieken. ' Tea thousand nnd odd,' wan the reply ; I havo them nil hero in my pocket-book, mid I moon to have thorn transferred into my name.' 'Then you've none in your namo now.' 'Not ono of Uioso in in my name,' was tbo n^ily*; ?' I'vu only tlmt fiOO 1 always held to qualify nm an a director, in my name. I'll Ntoii into the iimrniKoV'Hoflla; ivlien wo get up, ftuil hand them over. No ; by-tlie-bya, wo must Unit makii straight for Jack's claim, and peg il out.' ' Wo inunt go uftor that to tho Ilos]ii-rua EitendiKl,' said liin compaiifon ; 'forl don't know iliat chanijn may have taken place. Thi! underground manauor spoke of water coming in plentifully, in his letter, Thai's a nign tliu revf is imar.' Tiiera wan n pnunc. Maggie Imd listnmil intontly to tho conversation, and lnir fiim', made up nn «lio knew so woll how to rundnr it impomiililufor Jack to rocogiiim her, flushed. If anything gava licr the horror of llio evil pamioiiH of ihu woild, il was this conver sation. It Hocinr ] In iijiiti up to her depths of vlndictivcnnw nml ni'VmniiHH nho had never lliought poHKible. Olio thonghl engaqod her mind , to nave Jack. Kho tlinuuhl and thought bow sho coiSW effect this, but no (Iclioinc O])))cnrod fcaHilili). CtlAl'TOH LVIL i At lant Ilia train slmmcd inln Uril. MaKgie nprnng into tin: 111 Hi cull, ami lolil tlie driver to take her to Hcnnviiiw Hill. An it vim ii (it fur from Ihu rnilwny nlntioii slio wan Hoon at Willinin'H hut. -? Wlmt a rrowil of luniiiltiimiH fenlinKH lilted hor broaHt nn she uiuxil upon tin: hoi'iii:. (Jrit lay befiiro linr, hill and vullt-y, xtnvln and buildiiiK'; all iipparcnlly unclian^cil, just an Mio hud neon Uicin in Imjiji.v yrnrx gnnu by. In the dim distance Nile «aw Ilia liouw wliero sho hail liv-:d with hur inolhur on tlio tiro coodn of )mr «cri]i H]H-culnlinni-, nnd wlioru Jack had so often vinilml, vitll itn Krnoulul cynroiweK clearly dufJiiml, Him hIooi] «lill for a little while, nnd let hrr feclinun havo full play. All I wlial a thing il in to return to tho homo of our youth, nnd to he confronted with the lliounanil niemorien Unit rino on every sido, nnd move 'n to tearx. 'Die linjiny hours of careliWH girlhood, the jnyn of womnn hood, tliu Ji'J'k and ngoniiw of hur ]io|H-lcns love, were lit oncu )irc»ciil with her. Jliin dri'dx of nccncH in wliieh rIih had taken pnrt roue before her mcula! vimon. And now olio wan even worse tlmn a Htrungir bun;. Tears, hitter, biltor learn, ruined down Moggie's checlin, uml h1icc1ohji-«1 Iiit lianilH in niieeclilcss ngony. Thin wnn tliu lirst ntago in tlie ilroar jonrnuy of ntilf-alinogation. Mniitoritig licr umotion, tlinmtinn back into tlie di'l)tliH of her heart her utlur woe and mincry, Un! lioroie girl wnikml touunln Hid hut. A tidy, inatronly woman wan klKiad ing douuli, nnrf uinginK cliocrfully ftt her work. Thin gave poor Maggie another pang, nhe roinenilxircd v*iif-n she, ton, yearn ago, prepared lior brotlifr'n dinner in just such a littlo hut, liniipy nn n lark. 'In Mr. Mcldoii at home'/' Moggiu in quircil, in n voi™ Miit»l tu Iu:r apparent agu. ' No ma'iini,' wm Uic reply ; 'ii«an-! my husband nru nl work in the olaini up there, but if you'll HilAiiwn u bit I'll go and call him. You look tirod, take a scat.' And dim carefully brushed n llirce-lcgncd stool, tlie uncouth workmanship of Jock. ' No thnnk you,' rqiliod Maggie, *' I'll go up myself.' ' Woll, if you'll wail till I wash the dough off my hands,' naid Kniily, ' I'll show you llio way.' Thin was dona quickly, and llio two walked up tbc hill. It was very trying to Maggio to hear Umily talk no cheerfully. Hho necmed to bo so thoroughly hnppy, ho free from enro, that it .wax absolute torture fur her troubled' companion to listen. Wlicn they roaclial tho claim, William vow hauling up a bucket of ntonc. Ua soon Hhouted for Jock to come up, and in a few minutes ho appeared, Again Maggio looked at till dear faoo; again she saw the form Hint to her was all the world. Ho hod altered indeed, but he ivau, it anything, handsomer, stronger, more of a man. There was the dignity of labor in r , bis bearing, the improw of thorough inan boad, which even his clsy-sUinud drum could not hide. For several minutes Maggie was unable to speak. Hor heart beat oonvul livelyj her face «row pallid, her tongue dove to' tho roof oilier mouth, and her' lips' Lrembled. She i felt as jf she could have flung tench' into his arms, and died in his last Bmbracc. ' . But she knew that if her resolution was to be acted npon, she muni not fail in the hour -f trial, and after a while she mastered torsdf. 'I bust you will excuse a stranger,' said die in tremulous tones, very different in lood from the round fall voice that Jack bad been accustomed to hoar; 'bntleome bodk i friend of yours, who wants to see you and it once. Miss Bertho White has sent mo.' It was. now Jack's turn to tromblo and powpaUid. Bertha White 1 Itwaihkolho aand ot the last trumpet calling the dead ind buried into life again. . Bertha White I liis head swam, his knees knocked together, jis fingers duelled nervously. . She was alive, and wanted to boc him. Then a graat rush of joy oaroared through lis heart; visions of the woman he loved so ntently, through his brain. Only for one minute. Soon he remembered - vhere bo was, and tho airy castles tottered nto the dust, bearing with them his broken, ?nined heart. ' . Bho watehed him keenly; she saw the vary- , ing shadows ot emotion cross his face like aoudsovcrasky, and sho knew that his lovo ??'??' tor Bertha was strong as ever. And «he— .; ':, ../? [Hjor Maggie— she was forgotten. :.. ? o\; ?'?;;=/ -,i It was wonderful how «ho stood the fiery ?' ?:.::u, jrdeal; Uthim is anything more faying than ?'?? ^ ;-taS? inothcr to a woman, it I» to soe ters»U teg- '?.'.?, ected, while every,thought is given toa«v»L - ... :;, i ??*?:. Bnther purpose never faltered. - jfhitntMA'&gjf;&Z; apon her love with aa almost savage lowing f.-,:v^45? Ji pleasnre; with awflfKe«iai»9i«atri»;?^^ she now .nffered would tatog tJic^mA «^ 0% nsoe. And wonderful .-to lay, after * while, ?? ::\j-% this brought to her a strange peace and- mbV --, :;;^\V. such assS hsd hudl/eva &5pcdto|eelta : '|,~P .. ? ../- -. -ftfa- wrt*«^^:;;ry7.^si^f|g 