Tlio Kinraa Agricultural Show last week had a special feature of interest given to it by tlie visit of a number of Sydney gentlemen for tlio purpose of becoming acquainted with a district whose fertility and picturesquencss are equally remarkable. Tho company the Allowrio steamer took to Kinnta last Tuesday consisted of somo members of Parliament business men, and representatives of the Press, and they were very cordially and hospitably re ceived. Tncir nnntber would havo been nt lens.t double what it was, had it not been for tlie rough weather previously, and the some what threatening aspect on Tuesday. Fortu nately, by tho time the steamer left the weather had cleared op, and the passage, both going and coming, was alraoBt as pleasant nnd uneventful as a trip to Manly on ordinary occasions. The idea embodied in tho visit of the passengers of the Allowrie to Kiama is one that should be followed up and improved npon. As a speaker at one of the numerous festivo occasions during the stny of the visitors at Kiama remarked, this excursion should be the precursor of many others not only to Kiama, but to the many other interesting and important districts of the colony, about which comparatively littlo is known to the peoplo of Sydney, and even to tlio busiuesa men, the Press, and Members of Parliament. Cer tainly it is not overy district that is so caBy vi mvvltjo mo j-viuiuoj uuu guuwcllicu huu ui u interested in tlie prosperity of tho colony, and especially thoso who havo public functions to perform, should be prepared to put up with a little inconvenience and trouble in ocder to mnko themselves acquainted witb the colony. It is about fifty years ago since settlement took placo in the lviama district. Captain Charles formerly otio of tho members of the district, iu speaking about the progress of Kiama, referred to tho struggles of tho early settlers when the aborigines were numerous. Tho supplies from Syduey were conveyed in a small vessel of twelve tons, which was run upon the beach at high water. Tho voyago to and from Sydney which now occupies about six or seven hours, nt that timo very often took as many days, and sometimes double that time in bad weather. The soil was of remarkablo fertility, producing 10 and 50 bushels of clean wheat to tho ncro. The work of cutting down the timber and clearing nwny tho dense under growth was, however, very laborious. At present there is very littlo left to give an idea of tho formor luxuriant vegetation. The hills, slopes, and valleys are for tho most part now richly grassed, and dairy farming and the growth of cattle have superseded the cultivation of grain. Under the crests of the higher hills — such as tbo Saddleback — there are remains of the foiest primeval, aud at the heads of the valleys may be seen specimens of the cabbage palm and white cedar. The soil is formed from the disintegrated basaltic rock general throughout Illawarra, and it has been enriched by tho decomposed vegetable deposits ol ages. In tho interesting addresB read by Mr. Dymock, the President of the Kiama Agti- cultnral Association, at tho dinner on Wed nesday evening last, which was published in our issue of Friday, our readers would find somo valuable information respecting the industries of Kiama, and especially in referenco to the production of butter, which is tho great staple industry of tho district. What has been known for years and famous as Wollongong butter is the pro duction of the Illawarra district generally, and of this Kiama contributes a large proportion. Some of tho butter exhibited nt the recent aboiv was of very superior quality, though some doubt was expressed us to whether it was equal to the best of former yeurs. Tho cultivation of vegetables is not much attended to, but nt the show there were very fine samples of onions and potatoes. The long period of dry weather is responsible for auy suortcomiDg in tuo exutuits aB regards abun dance and variety. The display of cattle and horses was very fine, and elicited warm com mendation from the visitors. A notable feature of the show was the appearance of more than a score of good-looking and well- dressed young ladies on horseback in compe tition for six special prizes for the best lady riders. Superbly mounted, and riding inside the large ring of thousands of spec tators with tho utmost ease and elegance, they deserved the praise given to him who " witched the world with noblo horseman ship." The harbour of Ivianta is partly natural and partly artificial. A projecting promontory of basaltic rock, in which is that natural curiosity, the Blowhole, shelters the harbour from the south nnd cast, and a breakwater carried oat towards the north-west shelters it from the north-east. Tbebarbour is well sholtered, bntit is too small. It would appear that a mistako was made when tho breakwater was projected in not starting it from the outer reof, which would havo given a ftir ntoro commodious haven. At tho time tho work was projected no ono seems to have had any anticipation of the future progress of the place, and thus the barbonr accommodation is limited to some eight or nine comparatively small vessels at a time drawing not more than fifteen or sixteen feet of water. A considerable industry has of late been established in breaking up tho basalt-rock, and exporting it to Sydney for metalling. Tho stone is considerably harder than the Victoiian hlncstone — it cannot be so easily wrought into pitchers. We believe, however, that this is simply because the quarries havo not been worked lo a sufficient doptb. The stone now obtaiacd may bo termed surface stone, which, of course, cannot be used for tho better class of work. Some five or sik vessels arc employed in this trade) which gives animation to the port. _ Rich scams of coal are said to exist in the Kiama district, but at present the expense of working them would be too heavy. Great expectations are formed of the benefits that will acorne from the construction of the illawarra rail way. There can be no doubt', whatever, of the wisdom of carrying out this important public work, for, with the imporfect harbour accommodation of the district, its trade could never be fully developed without railway facilities. When the railway is completed, a now pleasure will be available to the people of Sydney in it visit to one of the most beantifal and fertile districts in New South Wales. Providence has favoured New South Wales with three standing dishes of entertainment, each of which, or all three, can be offered to distinguished visitors with propriety, and with the certainty that they will not pall on the most fa9tidioas palate. These are — a trip to the Blue Mountains, an excursion ronnd tho harbour, and a visit to the Hawkes bury. Last week the Blue Mountains were officially visitjd, the dining car which usually docs dnty on these occasions was called into requisition, und, as a matter of course, there was a little speechifying, Tho subject which happened to be picked upon for remark was that of federation, which is not ono that Sir John Robertson has ever cared to mako his own, bnt which bears a namo that is as dear to Sir Henry Parkcs as its colours are to a fighting regiment. Sir John said that he would not " use the hackneyed phrase of " federation, because it meant notbinir that " he knew of which we conld pat oar band " npon and say ' That's what it is.' " There is no necessity to hagglo about the term, because, though it may represent something intangible at the present time, even Sir John admitted the desirability " of some manner " of organisation tbat would facilitate our " working in union whenever it was necessary " for the colonies to nnite for one great object." The question is, very much, whether there is tlie probability that, at somo not very distant period, it niay bo necessary for tho colonies to unite for ono great object. There is not mnclt difficulty in naming not only one but two or three great objects. There is a war-cloud hanging over Europe which may or may not pass away. Nothing is clearer thnn that tho relations between Germany nnd Austria on the one Side, and Ilassia npon the other, aro very strained. There is good reason for hoping nnd believing that Great Britain can honourably steer clear of whatever complications may arise ; bnt if there should be a Continental war, Federal Australia would be a very different power to deal with than " tho shreds and patches " which now composo her. Tho report of what Mr. MucBain said leads to the conclusion that federation has been something more than a dream with hitn. " It is true,"' said he, " there are geographical differences between " the colonics, bnt I have often asked myself " why these differences Bhould exist ?" It has often seemed to observant persons in New South Wales, that this is a question which should be addressed to the radical members of the late Victorian Ministry, with whom neither the South Australian nor our own Government could work in harmony. Whilst onr neighbours were settling their great consti tutional question, which now scemB to concern no ono, we wore working oat a more im portant problem. Mr. MacBain tborougbly understood tho ca3e, when he said — "New boutli Wales was on tne patn of progress. He could see nothing at the present time throughout New South Wales but evidences of progress, the extent ot which it was impossible to calculate. Ouc conld not pass through tho country districts of this colony without seeing on every hand tho elements of progress, and unless the rapid strides that the colony was now making were thwarted by politicians looking after their own interests instead 'of the interests of the country, there was a great future before New South Wales, and a degree of prosperity that was cal culated to do great good to Australia." The fact is patent to observing men that tho people of this colony are, besides attending to their own welfare, preparing it for the place it will take when the dreams of federation aro realised. It is not the largest colony, but it is the wealthiest, and it is rapidly becoming the most populous. The longer federal union is delayed, tho more important will bo the placo that New South Wales will take in it. The Mayor of Sydney is to be congratulated on the success attending his recent banquet at tho Town Ilall. On the occasion in question ladies were present, for the second time at a civic dinner in Sydney, but in greater numbers than on the previous occasion. Their presence lent a charm to tho proceedings which is im possible to bo attained when the sterner sex only are gathered to discuss tlio wines, punish tho courses, and form themselves into a mutual . admiration society for tho deliverance of post- prandial speeches. Whilo ladies restrain tho gush begotten of n rare eras, they lend an added plcasuro to a con vivial gathering. Tho innate selfishness of tho diner-out flees before the chivalry which requires his nttention to the companion ho escorts to the mahogany. Tlio consequence is that prosy and insincere after-dinner speechi fying is much curtailed, and the period follow ing the banquet is spent sociably, mutual pleasure being derived by bath ladies and gentlemen. It is wortny of noto that at every convivial gathering composed sololy of men, there are two matters to be considered. One is tho pleasure of tho diners-out — tho other is the deprivation of their company suffered by wives at homo. Tlio Mayoi's new idea will change all this. But there is another view cf the question — that of justice. Muny ladies aro largo householders, paying rates and contributing to the municipal revenue. They may appropriately partake of tho pleasures of citizenship as well as its responsibilities. All rates and no dinner will make Jack a dull nnd recalcitrant boy, and the samo rulo applies to lady citizens. Wo are glad to notice that the recent mayoral banquet was an unqualified success ; and that it was so beyond the ghosts of civic banquets past, is due to the presence of the ladies, whoso toast was honored on tlio festive occasion with more than mere formal enthusiasm. By cable wo learn that the man M'Lean, who shot at the Queen, has been committed for trial oa the charge of high treason. Tho American Senate has passed the Chinese Exclusion Bill, which strictly prohibits Chinese immigration into the United States during tho next 20 years. Several engagements havo taken place between the Aus trian troops and the Herzegovinian insurgents ; the result being that the latter, who are said to be out numbered, have been defeated. General fkobeloff has been reprimanded by the Czar for his recent warlike speech. M. Blignieres, tho French Finan cial Comptroller in Egypt, has resigned his position, owing to financial differences with the new Egyptian ministry. The cricket match between Shaw's English Eleven and the Australian team was resumed at Melbourne on Saturday. In their first innings the Englishmen increased their score to 309 before they were all disposed of. The Australian Eleven kept possession of the wickets during tho rest of the day, and when time was called they had scored 228 for tho loss of five wickets, Murdoch contributing S2 by careful play, nnd M'Oonnell being not out with 44 to bis credit. A detailed account of tho match is published in another column, Tho intercolonial cricket match between Victoria and South Australia was continued on tho Adelaide Oval on Saturday. The first innings of the Victorian team closed for 106, being 13 behind tho total of their opponents. The South Australians managed to put together 200 iu their second innings. Noel played in first-class style for 61, and the trundling of Quilty ugainBt the Victorians was very destruc tive, that bowler being credited with nine out of the ten wickets. The day's play i9 described in another column. Tho Woollooraooloo Bay Amateur Begalts took plaeo on Saturday afternoon, and, having tho ad vantage of excellent weather, was witnessed by large numbers of spectators, amongst whom several of the events on the programme excited consider able interest. The Btenmer Commodore was used as flagship on tho occasion, nnd was fairly well patronised, though by far the greater portion of the people present viewed tho sailing and rowing contests from the vicinity of Mrs, Mucquarie's chair. The well-arranged programme was ratis- factorily earned out by the committee and officials The results of the raoihg are to be found else- wherp, i ; ; . Dating the last three, weeks Mr. jRtoes Beaumont, resident on the Marrickville-road, has been employ ing the services of. the American Bock Drill, in a paddock at the back of his residence, for- the pur. pose of finding water.:. After sinking about 16 feet through play and ; rock water was tapped, but thu depth was not sufficient to cause it to come to Ihe Eurfaee. Mr. Beaumont continued to proceed with the boring operations, and. on Friday ovening-lnst tho work was suspended, the depth obtained being 162 feet,, with the result of bringing the water within 12 feet of tho surface. Tho American Rock Drill, which is soon described, consists simply of a long bar of iron about 20 feet long, with a steeled point cut in the shape of a bit, and is worked in a vertical manner. The average depth to be obtained daily is about 20 feet, but much lime, however, has to.be spent in sharpening or setting the drill, and it has to he drawn up for the purpose of in serting & tube to bring np tho dirt by means of a sucker or pump. After the bar has worked down its full length, it is th-n hung with n rope, which is meted out ns the dull descends. The bore of the drill employed at Mr. Beaumont's is five inches in diameter, and tbc drill itself was worked by a donkey-engine. Tho work was carried on under the superintendence of Mr, Sheridan, of Cook's River, The usual services at St. Andrew's Cathedral were held daily at 11 o.m. through last week, The Dean of Sydney preached on Wednesday evening from the text, " Walk in the spirit, nnd ye shall pot fulfil tho lusts of the flesh." On Friday even ing a choral Lenten service was held, Yctterday the Kev. Dr. Ellis preached in the morning. His text was St. Mark x 21, 22 — " Then Jesus beholding him loved him, and said unto him, One thiog thou laekest — go thy way, sell whatsoever thou hast, aud give to the poor, and thou shalt have treasure in heaven ; nnil come, take op thy cross nnd follow me.' And he was sad at that saying, and went away grieved, for he had great possessions." The sermon was laconic but brilliant. In the after noon, tho Kev. Canon, Aliwood preached from Corinthians xv. 22, " For'ns in Adam all die, oven so in Christ shall all be made nlive." The anthem, " Like ns a Father " (Lyle) ' was pleasantly and sweetly rendered. In the evening, the Very Bev. tho Dean of Sydney preached from Matthew xiii. 7, " And some fell among thorns, and the thorns sprang up and choked them," showing ably the hazards of poverty as well as wealth in choking the word of God. Tho offertories through tlie day were hnudsomo. The high temperature nnd heat pre- veented a large congregation from being present at tho afternoon service. The morning service was crowded, noticeably by families from other com munions, nnd many strangers, who all came very early. There was also a great congregation in the evening. The annual festival in connection with St. Stephen's Church Sabbath School was celebrated on Saturday by a trip to Clontarf. At 9 o'clock in the morning, between 300 and 100 scholars assembled at the Circular Quay nnd were conveyed nccross by the steamer Telephone. The steamer then returned to the wharf again, making a second trip with the teachers and friends of the children. On the ground, tea was provided, all kinds of nnnroDriato names were ennnncd in. nnd a racrrv timo was spent up till nearly 7 o'clock in the evening, when the steamer was again boarded, nnd shortly after safely landed the youngsters on the wharf. A specially-arranged excursion nnd pienie in connection with the Our Boys Cricket. Club, took place on Saturday afternoon. Shortly after two o'clock the members of tho club, accompanied by a large number of companions and friends, left the No. 2 jetty by the steamers " Alathca " and " Nellie," and proceeded to Tennyson, where they spent n most pleasant afternoon, returning to town about half- past 7 o'clock in the evening. The Young Australian Band was in attendance, and whilst many were engaged in wielding the willow, othcrB tripped the light fantastic within the pavilion, Nothing occurred to mar the proceedings during the nfternoon. In referenco to small-pox, tho medical super intendent of the Coast Hospital nnd Sanatorium reported yesterday that the patients in the Hospital are doing well. All other inmntcs arc in good health, aud everything is going on satisfactorily. A meeting, convened by circular, of subscribers to the Tramway Fuud, took place on Saturday evening last, at the Town Hall, lledfern, for the purpose of settling accounts. The mayor, Mr. F. A. Wright, occupied the chair, and there was u small attendance. The treasurer lauded in a list of uuuicb «uu iug Buverni muuuuis reecivcu oy uirn, nnd the meeting terminated. Edward Voss, a tinsmith, died suddenly at his residence on Saturday night. It appears that the deceased had been lying on a sofa, and was suddenly taken ill at about 6 o'clock, his daughter being the first to notice it, and she at once sent for Dr. Milford, but the sufferer expired before his arrival. Information was given to the police, and the body removed to tho now morgue. In all probability an inquest will be held to-day, A fire occurred at a Mr. White's grocery store, Filzoy nnd Bourke streets, at 2 o'clock yesterday morniog. The No. 3 Volunteer Fire Brigade, with the engine from the branch station, Botany- street, Surry Ilills, was the first to arrive, followed by the City Brigade and the Insurance Brigade, The hose and engines were quickly at work, and no great amount of damage was done. At the Water Toffee Court, oa Saturday, a man named James Howard, presenting a respectable ap pearance, was chsrged with having wilfully com mitted perjury in the case of the Queen v. Hodgkiss, at tho Water Polieo Court, on the 1st February. The evidence of Scnior-Eergcant Hatwell, who arrested the prisoner, was taken. When the warrant was road to prisoner he made no reply. The case was remanded till Friday next, prisoner being allowed hail, himself in £100, and two sureties of £50 each. At tlie Water Police Court on Saturday, Alfred Stafford, a seaman of the ship Cordillera, was ordered to be imprisoned for four weeks for refus ing duty on the high seas ; William Dixson, for cruelly ill-treating a horse by driving it with sore Bbouldcrs, was ordered to pay 40?, in default 14 days. Robert Blake Rogers was charged with having a coat in his possession reasonably sup- iiosed to be stolen, and, as he did not satisfy the iench how ho got it, he was ordered to go to gaol for one month. Charles M'Manamen was charged with being found on the premises of Moritz Hirsch, at Wavcrley, for an unlawful purpose, aud was sentenced tc one month's gaol. A man named Walter Sullivan went to the Hospital yesterday for treatment, stating that he had been thrown out of the Coach aud Horses Hotel nt Rand wick, and, having fallen on the pave ment, had injured his knee, lie was admitted nnd examined, when it was found that the right p'atelln wns fractured. John Shaw, 10 years of ago, was also admitted, suffering from a cut on the left shoulder, received through his having been stabbed in SuBsex-street. Thomas Downey (22) wns also admitted, hnving been stabbed in the loft thigh whilst in Clarence-street. Each of the patients wns plneed under treatment by the house surgeon, Dr. Twynam. A public r iceting will bo held at the Btirwood .School of Arts to-morrow evening to cousider the question of a fire brigade for that district. The Booksellers' and Stationers' fourth auuual picnic will be held on Thursday next at the Sir J oseph Banks' Pavilion, Botany. 