THE TKUTfl ABOUT GHOSTS. Mr. J. N. Maskeliue, writing to the J5«i'.% Telegraph, says:— Having for many years' been recognised by the public as an ahti spiritualist and exposer of the frauds practised by spirit-media, it may surprise some of your readers to learn that 1 am a believer in apparitions, oeverai aimunr occurrences to those described by many of your correspondents have taken place in my own family and in the' families of near, friends and relatives. The most remarkable one happened to my wife's mother .some years ago. Late one evening, whilst sitting alone busily occupied with hap needle, a strange sensation. came over her, and upon looking up she distinctly saw her aged mother standing at the end of ihe room. 8lie rubbed her weary eyes, and looked again, but the spectre had vanished. She concluded it was imagination, and retired to rest, thinking nothing more of the vision until the next day, when the ne-vs was brought that her mother, at about the same time thai the apparition had appeared, had. fallen, down in. a fit and expired. I will also relate a circumstance which happened to. myself, as. it may tend to throw some light upou these common occurrences. When a boy, and learning to. swim, 1 got out of my depth and was very nearly drowned, being insensible when taken out of the. water. My sensations were similar to those which have often, been described | by others. After the terrible feeling of; suffocation I- fell into a pleasant swoon, and a panorama of all the principal incidents of my life passed before me. The last thing I 'remember was a vivid picture of my home. I, saw my mother, and could, des cribe minutely where she sat and what she was doing. Upon returning home I kept the secret of what had happened from her; she, however, questioned me closely, and said she felt '? strangely uneasy and anxious acout me, and also said she thought -some accident had befallen me. I am convinced that, had it been night time, and my mother alone, with little to occupy her attention, she would have seen my ghost, and perhaps the ghost of the water which closed over my head, as plainly as 1 saw her ghost iuid the ghost of the room in which she 'was sitting. In after years, when pondering over these and other tacts, I came to the conclusion that it was quite possible for one mind occa sionally to influence' another, no matter ho iv great the distance apart, especially where ' two hearts beat as' one,' or, more correctly speaking, where . two brains vibrate in unison. If I am not encroaching too much on your valuable space, I should like to state also, that I have had some ex perience with haunted houses. Our family occupied a house that had that reputation. It stood, and I believe still stand-., in the outskirts of tlie town of Cheltenham, A rich old lady of miserly habits resided there for ninny years, and after hsr death strange stories were rife respecting it. Noises were heard within, and a spectre, with a green light, was often seen flitting about the empty rooms. The first night of our residence in the house we retired to rest shortly before midnight. ' I occupied a room at the top of the house, and two or three, of my 'sisters slept in an adjacent one. Scarcely had our candles been extinguished than we \vere startled by a-nirious tapping sound, like some one walking upstairs but cama'no nearer, although 'the tapping con tinued several minutes. 1 began to feel, alarmed and fancied 1 s-iw the shadow of a female Hit across my room. I called out 'Who's there?' and my sisters who were also listening to the ghostly footsteps, uttered a scream of terror, and in a few minutes the whole household was in a state of commotion. The tappings, ceased but fortunately they immediately commenced again, and after a few 'minute's search, I discovered the ghost to be nothing more than a shower of rain, and from a leakage in the gutter over my window the water dropped upon the lead covering of a buy window beneath. This proved a inost use ful lesson to me, and taught me-to believe that although there is some -'truth about ghosts,' yet these phenomena are purely mundane. 