Sketcher. FOR LIFE. Eleven days on the road. By no means the Union Pacific, or any other line af continuous travel, where the minimum of bounce and jerk is combined with the maximum of com- fort possible under steady motion. A road still unknown to surveyor or engineer, beyond reach or thought of railroad-man or speculator and but just opening up its two hundred miles or more of primeval forest. A road trodden only by Indians or crossed by stealthy fox or lynx, its length winding through treacherous marsh and bog, and swift stream, and deep, unbroken forest, only a "blaze" here and there indicating at some points the course to be followed, and, where too obtrusive trees were cut away, the stumps left standing at just the right height for impaling wagon- bodies and stirring up a degree or two more of profanity in the drivers. From Pembina to Crow Wing, and in those two hundred miles of loneliness only the traveller of that region can know what had not the patient oxen undergone? Twelve miles, the average day's accomplishment, un- til Leech Lake and some suggestion of a civilized road had been reached. Heavy rains, swollen streams, fathomless mud-holes. Often a morning was spent in hauling wagons across a turbid and turbulent tittle river, and, while the oxen stood drenched and dripping after their reluctant swim to the other side, bringing over the loads package by package on a fallen tree, if such bridge could be dis- covered, or waiting while the two half- breeds swam across with them on their heads. Neddo, silent and calmly acquiescent in whatever fate might bring, served as foil and back- ground for Boulanger, who swore in all dia- lects from French and English through to Cree and Chippewa, his black beads of eyes shooting lightning, his small and gayly- be- decked legs dancing wildly among the pack- ages, and his lean arms emphasizing the whirlwind of invective. Even this had ceased to amuse. Drenched through and through by constant rains, tor- mented day and night by mosquitoes in size, numbers, and ferocity beyond the wildest imagination of the Eastern mind, endurance was all that remained. Even water-lilies palled, and for weary body and more weary mind but one desire had force — to see the low stockade of the Crow Wing Agency, and an actual inn, where a real bed, even if one of four in a row, would be hailed as deliverance, and where one would find a post-office and a daily stage, connecting this last outpost of Civilization with St. Cloud, eighty miles be- low, and the first point where railroads could be reached. Again a broken bridge gave another morn- ing of unloading, and swearing, and reloading and when at last the rushing river was passed and the wagon once more under way, a trea- cherous and shelving mud- hole suddenly swallowed up oxen and fore-wheels, dumped load and owners into its very depths, and for five minutes seemed likely to hold them there. Then all struggled out together, and, while Boulanger shrieked with rage and Neddo ex- amined pole and wheels and fished out the provision-basket, putting the contents on a damp log to dry, patience at last took flight, and, like the ancient prophet in one of his many predicaments, ''I spake with my ton- gue; I opened wide my mouth. "I will not stay in this nest of mosquitoes and flies and wait hours for this final catastrophe to un- snarl. I shall march on to Gull Lake, where there is a beach, unless this last flood has turned it to water, and there I can sit in the sand and get dry. Of course now there is no getting to Crow Wing to-night, and we must camp at the lake." For this journey was by no means a first or second one, and the ox-team was simply one more experience of frontier travelling. Canoe and flat-train and Indian pony had all been tried, and either was better than this frightful crawl, inch by inch as it were. At Gull Lake, the first camping-point the pre- vious year, ten miles above Crow Wing, had been a solitary wigwam, tenanted by a tooth- less but amiable squaw, who gave me fresh pickerel roasted in the scales over her fire and affording a new sense of what flavor and savor natural methods may hold, and potatoes hardly bigger than walnuts, but dug in my honor from the field she had planted. Per- haps she would be there to-day. In any case alone or with such society as she could give, there waited for me the clear, still, blue water in its setting of silvery sand, the blasted, pine with its eagle's nest, the hush and serenity of the silent forest. Five miles under the pines, where one was less tormented by mosquitoes, and then came a final one, — a wade rather than a walk. I had forgotten the bog, and the corduroy had sunk quite out of sight, though I could feel it now and then below the black mud which held tenaciously to each foot by turn and yielded with a long, slow suck, like a smack of evil satisfaction over my tribulations. Ten thousand hands could not have availed against that gray column of mosquitoes, whose sound seemed at last a trumpet-call to other columns, and which, in spite of head- net and leather gloves, penetrated unknown and unguarded chink or crevice. Through the swamp at last, and out once more under the friendly pines, and I ran, knowing the goal was near, and seeing soon the flashing sunlight on the blue water. There was a binding figure near the lake. Along the brook emptying into it, corn and peas and beans were growing, and, actually, balsams and sweet-peas at the end! "My squaw has been brought over to white man's fashions," I said half aloud, and then stopped short, as the figure sprang up and turned with a subdued "My gracious!" when she saw the mud-coated and caked, torn, and most disreputable-looking apparition before her. So wan a face, such watery and faded yet somehow intense blue eyes, so in- finitesimal a nub of hair, so shadowy yet resolute a wraith, I had never yet encount- ered, even in remotest and most unfriended cabin, where a woman's life means the speedy loss of every trace of comeliness and grace. "Well, I call it a providence!" she said, coming forward with a sort of silent rush as if carried by the wind. "The first day I've ever been lonesome a mite or thought to care but he's gone below three days now, an' Shah- weah off for berries, an' I did say jest now by the pond there, it was a leetle lonesome. An' then to think of a white woman bein' what I should see! It does beat all! Where be you from? I reckon it's a dry country you've left behind you,' she added, with a twinkle "for you've brought all the mud along with you. Now you come straight up along with me, an' I'll scrape you off some. Where's your folks?" "Six miles back, in a mud-hole," I answer- ed, with the ghostly impression still strong upon me. The voice was only a husky whisper, and a nearer view only intensified the bloodlessness of the skin, hardly hiding the poor bones below. The woman laughed. "You think I'm a poor show," she said. "Folks gin'ally do; but I'm health itself to what I was." "You were not here when I went up a year ago?" "No: I come in November. When you're in some of my clothes an' have had a cup of tea, I'll tell you all about it. There's the house. Ain't that pretty well for Gull Lake? Kinder comfortable?" Comfortable! A palace could not have held a tenth of all the word meant! A "but and a ben" only, but how spotlessly neat! Morn- ing-glories and hops climbing over door and windows where white curtains hung; a snow- white bed, shut in by mosquito- bar; a square of rag carpet on the floor; stove and tins polished to their utmost capacity, — one of shining blackness, the other of shining brightness; a dresser holding civilized dishes; a shelf, where two or three books lay, — the Bible, Whittier's poems, and "David Copper- field,"—and a pile of well- worn Tribunes; an old-fashioned rocking-chair with patchwork cushions, and "light-stand" near it; and, to complete the curious mixture of old New England farm-house and frontier cabin, a warming-pan hanging between the windows, its copper face shining like everything else. "You think that's a queer thing to tote out West?" said my hostess, who had already spread a cloth and put on fresh water to boil for the promised cup of tea. "I' lotted on it before I was big enough to reach it, hangin' there in grandmother's kitchen up in Vermont; an' when I went West, leastways what was West forty years ago, — to Pennsylvany, — I took it along for old times, an' then on to Illinois and Minnesota, an' here we both are up here. You'd say it wasn't much more use than Timothy Dexter's ship-load for the West Injies; but he made a fortune out o' that, an' I sort of expect good luck from this one. Now, before that kettle biles, you might freshen up a mite. The heft of it we won't do nothin' to till you've had your tea." Words can never tell the delight of that freshening, — first in cold water in a real wash- basin, then the tea, drunk to an accompani- ment of narrative poured out as if mere speech were a gift straight from heaven. An in- domitable cheerfulness, a resolute grasp of these shadowy threads of life, seemed the strangest characteristics of this creature, in whose faded eyes quick gleams of expression came and went, and whose alertness and even vivacity were miraculous testimonies to the imperious will that governed the frail body, no matter what human weakness interposed. In the beginning, the story proved one I had often heard,— the exodus of forty years before, when New England, more especially its northern portion, seemed emptying itself into the West, the white-covered, heavily-laden wagons passing day by day through the old towns, gazed upon by the more conservative with apprehension and dismay. "I hankered after home. I do it even now, once in a great while," the shadowy woman went on; 'but I aint going to dwell on that. Likely's not, you've heerd forty folks say the same thing. But what you haint heerd I'm goin' to tell now. He come from Maine, as maybe I didn't say,—born a lumber- man, an' his father one before him. An' so, when Minnesota opened up, it come easy to put out o' Illinois, where farmin' never suited him, an' where there wasn't a stick o' timber, except along the river-bottoms, an' he always half pinin' for it. He knows his business, an' soon fell into work, an' we settled down in Minneapolis; that's about as folksy a place as you'll find. But, you see, I wasn't never over- strong, an' I'd shook in them bottoms till it's my belief there wasn't an inch inside of me that kept jest the place the Lord had laid out to have it keep. Folks said the trouble was your gall ran out into your liver; but I said your liver ran where it was a mind to, an' your stomach into whatever else there was, an' more'n likely interfered with your lungs an' kept you from havin' a long breath. That's the way it looked to me, even after I got settled in Minneapolis, for mine got shorter an' shorter, an' at' last, in spite of me, I was in bed, an' folks sayin' I shouldn't never see spring. "Now, the children had died fast as they come, almost. There wasn't one left; an' Hiram is set by natur on what's his own, an' good beyond the common, an' it seemed as if he couldn't stand it to lose me too. We'd been unlucky, too, — burned out once, an' the bank broke that had our money in it, such as it was, — an' he was pretty low; an' when time come to go up to camp he half broke down, an' he said, 'Malviny, I cant. Sup- posin' you shouldn't be here when I come back. I'd better go as hand in a mill, an' earn less.' " 'Hiram,' I said, 'you take me along with you.' You never saw a man look more scared, for he thought I was goin' out o' my mind. But I hadn't noticed folks, an' ways for nothin', an' I said, 'Don't you know jest as well as the next one that the doctors keep sendin' consumptive folks up into the pineries? an' if your camp ain't as good as another, I'd like to know. I can't more'n die, anyway; an' I'm sick of bein' tucked up in bed an' an air- tight chokin' me day an' night, an' I'm goin' with you.' 'Malviny, you can't,' he said: it's all men. There ain't no place.'—'Then make a place,' says I — ' 'Tain't fit,' says he. 'Women don't know anything about a passel of men together.' — 'Then the more reason for findin' out, an' seein' if they can't be made decent,' says I, ' if that's what you mean. I feel to know I shan't die if I can git up there; an' I won't be in your way nor theirs; but go I will, if I have to walk an' cant do more'n ten steps a day.' "Well, he knew I was set, an', though I didn't put my foot down very often, had it down then, square, an' he set in a brown study awhile, an' then he says, 'Well, Malviny, 'tain't no time to cross you, an' I never wanted to yet. If you think you'll hold out, I'll start up-country to-morrow an' see about havin' a separate cabin next to camp. They're fixin' for winter now, an' I kin go and come in a week. But I don't see how you'll stand it, an' I don't believe you will.' — 'Then I can be buried in the woods,' says I: 'I always did have a hankerin' to lay down for good under pine-trees.' "Well, he went off; an' I will say I didn't see myself how I could live till he got back, for I had another time of raisin' blood that very night. It come pourin' straight out; but I said, 'I wont give in. It cant all run out, an' I calculate there'll be enough left to keep me goin'.' "Folks wouldn't believe it, but by the time Hiram got back I could crawl to the window. I sot there when he come in sight, an' he was astonished as you'd want to see. But he had to lay in an' git packed for goin' up, an' the very morning all was ready I must needs come down again. Well, he waited a day, an' then he says, 'I'll go up with the load, Malviny, an' fix up a bit, an' then I'll come back an' take you up on an empty sled, so's to make room for a bed an' things for you to go easier.' — 'I want to go now,' I says: 'I shall be dead if I don't.' Well, we argued some, back and forth, an' at last he says, 'It ain't no use, Malviny. All's ready now, an' I'm goin' now, an' I'll come back for you as I said;' and off he started for the barn. I was up that minute an' into my warm things, in spite of Mis' Smith tryin' to stop me, an' when he drove round an' come in I jest walked to the door. 'No, you don't,' he says, and jest took me up an' laid me on the bed an' run. "What got into me then I couldn't tell: the Lord carried me along, I reckon. Any- way, I run too, Mis' Smith after me, an' Hiram jest drivin' off, an' there I stuck to the runner and wouldn't let go. Hiram was pale as a ghost, an' 'most cryin', an' he says, 'For the Lord's sake, go back, Malviny,' an' I says, 'For the Lord's sake I wont,' an' jest crawled up into the buffaloes alongside o' him. 'There's one chance in a million of your gettin' there alive,' he says, 'an', if you're bound to go on that one, we'll try it, that's all;' an' off we went. "Well, whether 'twas the motion, or the air away from that air-tight, or carryin' the p'int, I couldn't tell, but I grew more an' more chirk with every mile. I eat quite a dinner, an' slep' all night, an' Hiram he jest kept still an' waited. I knew he was waitin'. But we got through at last, an' into these very pine woods beginnin' at Crow Wing. I sniffed 'em an' knew life was in 'em if it was anywheres. When Hiram drove up before the camp, an' Smith, the overseer, come out, he looked a minute, an' then swore right out 'Be you turnin' into a—fool at your time o' life, to be bringin' a dead woman into camp he says. But I knew I wasn't anywheres near dyin' an' Smith knows it too, — now. I'd give a sight if he wasn't below. He's so contented to have me around again, he says he don't care if he never stir from here the rest of our lives; an' I'm sure I don't an' wouldn't. I walk under them pines, an' smell 'em deep in, an' I says, 'Here's your life-elixir, an' no' mistake,'- an' if folks knew it they wouldn't die in little close rooms, but come out under 'em. I was always a master-hand for out-doors, an' he helps along the house-work, so't we can garden together, an' Shahweah does what he an' me ain't a mind to. Mostly as long as day-light lasts I putter round outside; an' I aint sure but what I shall be an old woman yet, even if I hain't but a piece of a lung left. "As for them men, you never see twenty fellows more set on bein' agreeable than they was. For all havin' to whisper, I always managed to make 'em hear, an' I did odds an ends for 'em an' sung, an' one night I even danced; an' I never had a more sociable win- ter. I thought he'd be a leetle lonesome when they went below; but he takes a sight of comfort in the Tribune, — we've had it from the beginnin', — an' he don't seem to mind one mite. I always read consid'able, an' I go over an' over the few books we've got, an' find somethin' new every time. And I expect you'll laugh when I tell you the only thing that ever makes me lonesome or skeery. 'Tain't Injins: I don see but what they're folksy enough, when you git over their blankets. It's loons. I say they're the lone- somest thing in natur' an' when they holler I jest crawl all over. But then I can git along even with them. An' now I'd like to know how you come here, an' all about it, every word; but I'm dreadful sorry he aint to home." HELEN CAMPBELL 