BIBLE CHRISTIAN CONFERENCE. SEVENTH DAY.—The grants to circuits were considered and passed. A scheme of Connexional fire insurance was submitted and ordered to be printed in the minutes for future consideration. A resolution was passed thanking the Rev. F. W. Bourne for services rendered, expressing regret that his healtli should have been so severely tried by the English climate, and requesting the English Conference to appoint him to labor in this colony. Mr. Bourne, in returning thanks, said he should not stand in the way of complying with their wishes. ' On receipt of the bookroom report a committee was appointed to investigate the department and report. The chapel secretary (Rev. W. Richards) presented his report, of which the following are the particulars :— " New chapels have been erected and opened during the year at Summertown and Basket Range in the Mount Lofty circuit, and at Port Germein, Baroota, and Baroota North in the Port Germein circuit, at an aggregate cost of £1,422, towards which the sum of £385 has been raised, being a little over one-fourth of the whole. New chapels are in course of erection at Port Augusta West, Mount Bryan East and Cudlee Creek, and a new schooh-oom has been erected at New Thebarton. Improvements have been made at Stirling East and at Stanley Bridge, Findon, Fullarton, Virginia, Kangaroo Flat, Hamilton, and Port Augusta. In all cases the entire cost has been met. The returns show that there are 115 chapels, 18 ministers' residences, 9 cottages, and 17 schoolrooms. The total income for the year is £G,2GG 2s. 4d. Of this the sum of £1,(125 12a. lid. has been paid for interest, £4G6 9s. from various trusts towards the support of the ministry, £385 for new erections, and .£2,482 lGs. 7d. for working expenses and various improvements, leaving £1,3)G 3s. 10d., which has been applied to the reduction ot last year's liabilities, being a little more than f 4 per cent, of last year's debit?. After adding the debts of five new chapels erected during the year, the total liabilities are £23,"213 17s. Id., being £229 17s. more than the aggregate debt of last year." The school secretary (Rev. J. Raymond) presented his report, which was of a very interesting character. It stated that there were 86 schools, 829 teachers, and 5,417 scholars. The increase in the number of schools was 3, of teachers 30, and of scholars 409. One hundred and sixty-two of the scholars had joined the church during the year, so that spiritual results have not been entirely wanting. The Revs. T. Piper and J. Rowe were appointed to pre pare a digest of the rules and regulations, and submit it for consideration of next Conference. EIGHTH DAY.—The usual addresses were read, adopted, and ordered to be printed in the minutes. The particulars of the receipts and disbursements of the various Connexional funds were presented by the secretary. The Rev. J. Thome (secretary) presented the report of the Trust Debts Relief Fund; that of the Ministers' Annuitant Society being presented by the Rev. W. Richards (the treasurer). Mr. R. Coad, an evangelist and temperance advocate in England, was invited to come and labor in the colony for a short time. It was agreed that the course of studies for candidates and probationers should be reprinted in the minute*, and examiners for the year were appointed. An experience meeting was held, at the close of which the following resolution was carried:—" That the members of this Conference desire to place on record their unabated confidence in God as their Heavenly Father, and in Christ as their Saviour, and in. the Holy Ghost as their sanctifier; in the true love and sympathy they have for each other as Christian ministers and laymen; and their desire and determination to devote themselves to the great work of preaching Christ's gospel and extending His kingdom." The following committees and officers were appointed for the ensuing year :—Stationing committee—The_ expresident, the secretary, the superintendent of districts, Rev. T. Hillman, R. Lang, T. McNeil, W. W. Finch, and O. Lake. General committee—The ex-president, the secretary, Revs. J. Way. J. Hancock, J. Trewin, J. Rowe, W. Richards, J. Thorne, T. Hillman, R- Kelly, C. H. Haggar, and Messrs. J. G. Ashton, W. Holland, Jos. Ashton, and T. Richards. Trust debts relief com mittee—The same as the general committee, with the Rev. J. Thorne secretary, and Hon. Dr. Campbell treasurer. Missionary secretary, Rev. J. Thorne ; editor, Rev. T, Piper; book Bteward, Rev. C. H. Haggar general chapel secretary, Rev, W. Richards; general treasurer, Rev. J. Stoyel. The Rev. J. Stoyel, J. Han cock, C. H. Haggar, and Messrs. B, Gould, J. Ashton and R. Lang were appointed members of Union College Council for the ensuing year. The usual vote of thanks closed the Conference. [In our report last week the name of the Rev. S. Ray son was accidentally omitted as second preacher on Mount Lofty Circuit.] 