TWO ON A TOWER. BY THOMAS HABDY, Author of "Far From the Maddixg Crowd." [Published by special arrangements with the author. All rights reserved.] Chapter VII. A fog deformed all the trees of the park that morning; and the white atmosphere adhered to the ground like a fungoid growth from it, and made the turied undulations look slimy and raw; but Lady Constantine settled down in her chair to await the coming of the late curate's son with a serenity which the vast blanks outside could neither destroy nor baffle. At two minutes to twelve the door-bell rang, an.1 a look overspread the lady's face that was neither maternal, sisterly, nor amorous, but partook in an indescribable manner of all three. The door was flung open and the young man was ushered in, in the fog still clinging to his hair, which she could still discern a little notch where she had nipped off the curl. A speech lessness that socially was a defect in him wa3 to her view a piquant attribute just now. He looked rather alarmed. "Lady Constantine, have I done anything?" he began breathlessly, as he gazed in her face with parted lips, " Oh, no, of course not. I have decided to do something; nothing more," she said, hold ing up her hand, which he rather gingerly touched. "Don't look so concerned. Who makes equatorials ?" This remark was like the drawing of a weir hatch, and she was speedily inundated with all she wished to know on that head. When he had imparted the particulars he waited, manifestly wishing to know whither these enquiries tended. " I am not going to buy you one," she said, gently. He looked as if he would faint. "Certainly not. I did not wish it. I—I could not have accepted it," said the young man. *' iiut i am going to buy one lor myself. i lack a hobby, and I shall choose astronomy. I shall fix the equatorial on the column. Swithin brightened up. "And I shall let you liave the use of it when ever you choose. In brief, Swithin St. Cleeve shall be Lady Constantine's astronomer-royal, and she " " Shall be his Queen." The words were not much the Worse for being uttered in the tone of one only anxious to complete a tardy sentence. "Well, that's what I have decided to do '' resumed Lady Constantine. "I will write r. • these opticians at once." There seemed to be no more for him to d > than to thank her for the privilege whenever it should be available, which he promptly did; then made as if to go. But Lady Constantine detained him with— " Have you ever seen my library ?" "Ho, never." " You don't say you would like to see it." 4 " But I should." " "It is the third door on the right. You can find your way in and you can stay there as long as you like." Swithin then left the morning-room for the apartment designated, and amused himself in that " soul of the house," .as Cicero defined it, till he heard the lunch-bell sounding from the turret, when he came down from the library steps and thought it was time to go home. But at that moment a servant en tered to enquire whether he would prefer to have his lunch brought in to him there, and upon his replying in the affirmative a large tray arrived on the stomach of a footman, and Swithin waB greatly surprised to see a whole pheasant placed at his disposal. Having breakfasted at eight that morning, and having been much in the open air after wards, the Adonis-astronomer's appetite as sumed grand proportions. How much of that pheasant be might consistently eat without hurting his dear patroness Lady Constan tine's feelings, when he could readily eat it all, was a problem in which the reasonable ness of a larger and larger quantity argued itself inversely as a smaller and smaller quantity remained. When he at length had finally decided on a terminal point in the body, the door was gently opened. " Oh—you have not finishedcame to him overjlus shoulder in a considerate voice. " Oh y es, thank you, Lady Constantine," he said, jumping up. "Why did you prefer to lunch in this awkward, di.s-..y place?" " I thoughit would be better," said Swithin simply. _ " There is fruit in the other room, if you like to come. But perhaps you would rather not ■ "Oh yes, I should much like to," said Swithin, walking over his napkin and follow ing her as she led the way to the adjoining apartment. Here, while she asked him what he had been reading, he modestly ventured on an apple, in whose flavor he recognised the familiar taste of old friends robbed from her husband's orchards in her childhood, long before Lady Constantine's advent on the scene. Shc_ supposed be had confined his search to his own sublime subject, astro nomy. Switliin suddenly became older to the eye as his thoughts reverted to the topic thus re introduced. "Yes," he informed her. "I seldom read any other subject. In these days the secret of productive study is to avoid " Did you find any good treatises ?" "None. The theories in your books are almost as obsolete as the Ptolemaic system. Only fancy, that magnificent Cyclopaedia, leather-bound, and stamped in gilt, and wide margined, and bearing the blazon of your house in magnificent colors, says that the twinkling of the stars is probably caused by heavenly bodies passing in front of them in their revolutions." " And is it not so ? That was what I learnt when I was a girl." The modern Eudoxus -now rose above the embarassing horizon of Lady Constantine's great house, magnificent furniture, and in spiring footmen. He became quite natural, all his self-consciousness fled, and his eyes spoke into hers, no less than his lips to her ears, as he said, "How such a theory can ever have lingered on to this day beats con jecture ! Francois Arago, as long as fifty or sixty years ago, conclusively established the fact that scintillation is the simplest thing in ' the world—merely a matter of atmosphere. But I wont speak of this to you now. The comparative absence of scintillation in warm countries was noticed by Humboldt. Then again the scintillations vary. No star flap* his wiDgs like Sirius when he lies low. He flashes out emeralds and rubies, amethystine flames of sapphirine colors, in a manner mar vellous to behold. And this is only one star. So too do Arcturus and Capella and lesser luminaries. . . . But I tire you with this subject," " On the contrary, you speak so beautifully that I could listen all day." The astronomer threw a searching glance upon her for a moment; but there was no satire in the warm, soft eyes, which met his own with a luxurious contemplative interest. ." Say some more of it to me," she continued in a voice not far removed from coaxing. After some hesitation the subject returned again to his lips, and he said some more, in deed much more, Lady Constantine often throwing in an appreciative remark or ques tion, oftener meditatively regarding him in pursuance of ideas not exactly based on his words, and letting him go on as he would. Before he left the house the new astrono mical project was set in train. The top of the column was to be roofed in to form a proper observatory; and, on the ground that he knew better than any one elsehowthis was to be carried out, she requested him to give precise directions on the point, and to super intend the whole. A wooden cabin was to be erected at the foot of the tower to provide better accommodation for casual visitors to the observatory than the spiral staircase and lead-flat afforded. As this cabin wouM be completely buried in the dense pine-foliage which enveloped the lower part of the column and its pedestal, it would be no disfigurement to the general appearance. Finally, a path was to be made across the surrounding fallow by which she might easily approch the scene of ber new study. When he was gone she wrote to the firm of opticians concerning the equatorial, for whose reception all this was designed. The undertaking was now in progress, and by degrees it became the talk of the hamlets round that Lady Constantine had given up melancholy for astronomy, to the great ad vantage of all who came in contact with her. One morning when Tabitha Lark had come as usual to read, Lady Constantine chanced to be in a quarter of the house to which she seldom wandered, and while here she _ heard her maid talking confidentially to Tabitha in the adjoining room on the curious and sudden interest which Lady Constantine had acquired in the moon and stars. " They do say all sorts of trumpery," ob served the handmaid. "They says, though 'tis little better than mischief to be sure, that it isn't the moon, and it isn't the stars, and it isn't the plannaras that my lady cares for, but for the pretty lad who drew 'em down from the sky to please her; and being a married example, and what with sin and shame knocking at every poor maid's door afore yon can say ' Hands off, my dear,'to the civilest young man, she ought to set a better pattern." Lady Constance's face flamed up vividly. " If Sir Blount were to come back all of a sudden—O, my!" Lady Constance grew cold as ice. "There's nothing in it," said Tabitha, scornfully. " I can prove it any day." "Well, I wish I had half her chance," sighed the lady's maid. And no more was said on the subject then. Tabitha's remark showed that the suspicion was quite in embryo as yet. Nevertheless, saying nothing to reveal what she had over heard, immediately after the reading, Lady Constantine flew like a bird to where she knew that S within might be found. He was in the plantation, sticking up little sticks to mark where the wooden cabin was to stand. She called him to a remote place under the funereal trees. " I have altered my mind," she said ; " I can have nothing to do with this matter." " Indeed!" said Swithin, surprised. "Astronomy is not my hobby any longer. And you are not my Astronomer Royal." " O, Lady Constantine!" cried the youth aghast. " Why, the work is begun, I thought the equatorial was ordered ?" She dropped her voice, though there was nobody to hear even a Jericho shout. "Of course astronomy is my hobby privately, and you are to be my Astronomer Royal, and I still furnish the observatory. But not to the outer world. There is a reason against my indulgence in such scientific fancies openly, and the project must be arranged in this wise—The whole enterprise is yours; you rent the tower of me, you build the cabin, you get the equatorial. I simply give permission, since you desire it. The path that was to be made from the hill to the park is not to thought of. There is to be no communication between the house and column. The equa torial will arrive addressed to you, and its cost I will pay through you. My name must not appear, and I vanish entirely from the undertaking. This blind is necessary," she added sighing. " Good-bye." "But you do take as much interest as before—and it will be yours just the same he said, walking after. He scarcely compre hended the subterfuge, and was absolutely blind as to its reason. " Can you doubt it? But I dare not do it openly." With this she went away ; and in due time there circulated through the parish an asser tion that it was a mistake to suppose Lady Constantine had anything to do with 8within St. Cleeve or his star-gazing schemes. She bad merely allowed him to rent the tower of her for use as his observatory, and to put seme temporary fixtures on it for that pur pose. After, this Lady Constantine lapsed into her former life of loneliness, aud by these prompt measures the ghost of rumor, which had barely started into existence, was speedily laid to rest. It had probably origi nated in her own house, and had gone hut little further. Yet, despite her self-control, a certain north window of the Great House, that commanded an uninterrupted view of the upper ten feet of the column, revealed her as somewhat frequently gazing from it at a rotundity which had begun to appear on the summit. To those with whom she came in contact she sometimes addressed such remarks as, " Is young Mr. St. Cleeve getting on with his observatory ?" " I hope he will fix his in struments without damaging the column, which is so interesting to us as being in memory of my dear husband's great grand father—a truly brave man." On one occasion her building steward ven tured to suggest to her that Sir Blount having deputed to her the power to grant short leases in his absence, she should have a distinct agreement with Swithin, as between landlord and tenant, with a stringent clause against his driving nails into the stonework of such a historical memorial. She replied that she did not wish to be severe on the last repre sentative of such old and respected parishioners as his mother's family had been, and of such a well descended family as his father's, so that it would be only necessary for the steward to keep an eye on Mr. St. Cleeve's doings. Further, when a letter arrived at the Great House from Hilton and Pymn's, the opticians, with information that the equatorial was ready and packed, and that a man would be sent with it to fix it, she replied to that firm to the effect that their letter should have been addressed to Mr. St. Cleeve, the astronomer, on whose behalf she had made the enquiries, that she had nothing more to do with the matter, that he would receive the instrument and pay the bill—her guarantee being given for the latter performance. 