[?] Parapets— Twins. Kever known to get tired— Outstanding- debts. Wten a friend asted«, reformed inebriate the cause of his reformation lie said ;— ' As you are married you will quite understand- it ?when I say getting tipsy* made me see my aiiother-in-law double. ?scene in the auditorium of a theatre — Actor (who lias appeared in the first piece) — ' Good evening ! May I take the seat next to you '?' Lady — ' Certainly ; but don't you appear any more to-night?1 Actor — 'No.' I/sdy— '?Oh., I'm so glad! Please sit down.' 'They tell me Brown lias -a great ear for musky' said Sanderson. ''Yea,' replied 2?cgg; 'I-knev/ he had a great ear, tvro of them, in fact ; but I did not^Eow that tbey were for music, I supposed they were for Jjrusbing -flies o& the .top of his head/' 'Kotf are you getting along?' asked a widow of her late husband, who appeared to iier at midnight as a ghost. Ghost — ' Very well, indeed — much better than during my twenty years married life on earth.' Widow (delighted) — ' Then you are in heaven V ' Oh, no.' A little boy asked his mani'mathe following questions, to which all mamma's answers are not yet recorded : ' Mamma, if a bear should swallow me I would die, wouldn't I ?** ' Yes, dear.' ' And would I go to heaven V 'Ye3, dear.' *'And would the bear have to go, too ;' A Highland teetotaller was found drinkinjj at his breakfast at s. wajside inn, where he thoughtiihat he should HGt lie knovm. ' Oeh, Donald, and we thocht ye were an abstainer,1' exclaimed a deacon, wlio looked in unex pectedly. 'And so I- am,' was tae reply, ' but ye kerr; my friend, that I am no a liigoted one.' A lady taking tea at a small company, being very fond of hot rolis, was asked to have another. 'Bsaliy, I cannot,' she modestly replied. ' I don't know how many I have eaten already.' 'I do,' unexpectedly cried a juvenile upstart, whose mother had allowed him a seat at table. ' You've eaten eight ; I've been countin' !'' 'That's a stupid brute of yours, John,' £aid a Scotch minister to his parishioner, the ipeat dealer, who drove his merchandise from door to door in a small cart drawn by a donkey ; ' I never see you but the creature is Ja- aying.' 'Ah, sir,' returned the peat dealer, 'ye ken hearts warm when frien's meet.' ' I must say that I very much, dislike this Ostentatious furnishing,' remarked the elderly Miss Pringle as she looked about her in the new home of the Spankingtons. ?' Sow Jook at that great' elaborately -framed mirror. I declare I can see nothing beautiful in it.' *' You shouldn't expect impossibilities, Miss Pringle,' remarked Fogg, the villain. A Hartford man went to a lawyer for -advice. After receiving the retaining fee tae lawyer said — ?* State year ease.' '?Well, sir,' replied the client, 'a inan told me to go to li— 1, and I want ycur advice.' The attorney j took down a volume of the Connecticut | statutes, and after turmsg over a few leaves answered — ''Don't you do it. The law doesn't compel you.' A bibulous parson was introduced to a lady Trlio had been represented, to hiia as quite a talented artist. He greeted her by saying — **I understand, madam,- that you paint?' She started, blushed deeply, and. recovering iiersclf after a few seconds, said, with as much acidity of tone and style as she coald com mand—' Well, if I do painty I don't make any mistake and put it on my nose.75 A gentleman who had been, absent for a considerable .time, and who, . during his absence, had raised a pretty luxuriant crop'of whiskers, moustache, &c;, visited a relative, Trhose child, an artless little girl of five or sis: . years, he was very fond of. The little girl made no demonstration towards saluting him with a kiss as was usual. ' Why, child,' said the mother, ' don't you give Uncle John a Jdss'-' '.Why, ma,' replied the little giri, trith the most jierfeet simplicity, 'I don't see any place.35 A young woman who was thinking of get ting married went to her minister to seek his advice about so important a step. She told him that she had ^in offer of marriage, and she 'wanted his advice. Her minister said he did not- know very well whai to say to her, but he trould remind her of what Sue apostle Paul said upon the subject— . ' They that married did well, but they that did not marry did better.' *' Weel, .weel,' she says, ' FA awa' hauie and dae weO ; let them dae better that like.' The family were talking in the presence Cf Miss Helen, aged seven, of the adven tures and plans of a. famous discoverer jjist ?starting inr search of unknown countries. 'That's too bad,' says the young lady, in terrupting the conversation of kc-r elders. *'TVhy, Miss,' rejoins her father, 'do you Slave so decided an opinion at your age on such a subject as this :' 'Of course I do,' says the child ; .'?' if this, gentleman goes and finds a new country that'll make one .more to . learn in the geography, and there's quitcf.eiio'ugb.iiow.' Many years ago, when new sects in S'ew England begun to break the good old Con gregational barriers, and make incursions into the sheepfoids of the regular clergy, a .reverend divine, a man of good sense and good humor* -encountered an irregular prac tioner at the house of one of his nock. !Tliey Jiad a pretty hot discussion on their points of difference, and at length the in terloper wound up by saying — ' Well, Doctor, you'll at least aUow that it was commanded to preacli the Gospel to every ? -critter?' ?'* T«ie,' rejoined the doctor, ' true enough. But then I never heard it was commanded to every ' critter' to preach the GospeL' A Chicago man who made a big fortune trent -to England to polish up a bit on the *' hang the expense' method. He saw a hat and a pair of boots he admired very much in a window. The hat had a cockade on the side that pleased him exceedingly. It had not been introduced into Chicago, and he was Jjouud to have the newest thing out. After payingJor-the hat he said he would take the Iroots too if 'they fitted. ' Oh, you can'fc wear those boots with that hat, you know,' said She salesman. 'Why can't IV demanded the millionaire. ' 1 guess I can pay for them.' -' Oh, certainly,' returned the man smoothly, ' but, you see, that's afoot-man's bat, and these are a coachman's boots.' A Canadian boy,'too young to fully compre hend the doctrine «£ total depravity, but old enough to have at least a vague idea of the hereditary principle of mankind, was recently ?detected by his.paternaLancestor in falsehood, and punished therefor by solitary coniLae aneui- The punishment over, the youngster accosted his father with tbe question, ' Pa, ?did you tell lies when you were little *' The ?fathETi perhaps conscience-smitten, evaded an answer, but'the child, persistent, again asked, 'Hid you telllies when you were little V' *So,' said theJather ; but why do you ask ':'' 'Did ma tell lies when slie was little?7' 'I don't know lay son. You must ask her.' 'Weil,'. retorted the hopeful, 'one of you must have told lies, or you could not have a itoy who would. A citizen had occasion, to consult a lawyer regarding a suit which he contemplated in stituting, but of the definite outcome of which he was in doubt He did not wish to pay a retaining fee because he was uncertain of winning. The attorney said he would ac cept a contingent fee. Tbe party met Mr. JJurleigh some lime afterward and asked him the definition of a contingent fee. ' A con tingent fee,' jocosely said Mr. Burleigh, ' is tills — If » lawyer loses the case he gets nothing: if he wins you get nothing.' 'But,' saidfte perplexed party, scratching Lis head, I can't say that. I exactly compre hend you.' 'I thought I was quite clear,' said Mr. Burleigh, who repeated what he had said. ' But it seems that I don't get anytime in cither event,' said the man, when hi! jptellect had fuHy grasped the situation. Well, that is about -the size of a contingent ±ee,:' replied Mr. Burleigh, teraiinatino-°thc conversation. The Bev. Mr. Camngton, of Charlotte county, Ya , belonged{to oneof tueoldfamilics, was an eloquent preacher and universally popular. He was careless about the manage ment -f his large estate, while -Ms brother Saul -was -noted for his thrift and industry. The preacher usually bought his supplies of butter from Paul. One Sunday morning after breakfast, and just as the reverend gentleman was -starting to church,, he dis patched his: servant over to -his. brother's house for afresh supply of butter that would he -needed iat the Sundaydinner. The negro was told to hurry back and report the success of bis mission. He arrived at the church and Meekly stepped in to take a seat, just ;as the 3£ev. Sir. ©arrington, already considerably 'warmed np. said in 'tlmndei-ing tones — '* And what does 3?aul say'i' The negro, thinking the question, addressed to him. replied in the hearing of the whole congregation—' Marse rani says as how you can't ^efc any more *uttertul youVe paid for dat you got hist aur'BiOS?v/aid a^.oW darkey whitewasher to marshal Hoean, 'dare's anisger up my way wat needs taken care nv.' ''What has he done? said the officer. ' Oh, well, you sees, Jast summer he borrowed my ax fur to split some bindlin' truck, an' he never fotch it Jjack, an- when I went ter get it he said ' I reckon I got dis ax, an' possesshun am nine pints of the law ; derefore dis ax am mine till I take it back; au' de darn fool nigger wouldn t gun it to me.' ? I didn't say nafiia' or give him any back talk, but the odder day Hanrser, my ole woman, went to bis house and borrowed his buck saw, an' when he came fur it I tole him just like he answarsd me. an' stood on my dignity.' ' Well ?'' *' I had nine pints of the law, didn't IV ' Ye3.' ' And how many pints am de law composed of?' ' I don't know exactly,' 'WeU,dat's what bedders me. for dat niffger saw dem nine pints, shut up dis lef ' eye f iir me, pitched de ole woman over a bar'l, and walked off with his buck saw an' my whitewash brush to ? boot* Ef I had nine pints, be mus' have bad ? ober twenty, and even den he didn't half let himself out.' A travelling clcckmaker made a circuit, having a hundred clocks when he started. . They were ail very bad. which he well knew, but by *' soft sawdor and huinaa natur',' as Sam Slick says, hecoutrivedtoscli niaety nino of them, and reserved the last for hia in tended ruse. He went to the house where he had sold the first clock, and said, 'Well, now, how does your clock go ? Very well, I guess?' The answer was, as he anticipated, *' Ko, very bad.' ' Indeed '. Well, I've found ' it at last. You see, I had one clock which was, I know, a bad one ; . and I said to my boy, * You'll put that clock aside, for it won't do to sell such an article.' Well, the boy didn't mind, and left the clock with the others, aad I found afterwards that it had been sold somewhere. Mighty mad I was, I can tell you, for I am not a little par ticular about my credit. So I have asked here and there, everywhere almost, -how my clocks went, and they said they 'actually regulated the sun.' But I was determined to find, cut who had the bad clock, and I am most'particularly glad that I have doue it at last. ? Kcw, you see, I have but one clock left, a very superior article, worth a mattel1 of ten shillings more than the bad article, and I must give it you ia change, and I'll only charge you five shillings dif ference, as you haye been annoyed wi?h the bad article.' . The man. who had the bad article thought it better to pay iive shillings more to have a good one. So the exchange was made, and then the Yankee, proceeding with the clock, returned to the nest house. ' Well, now, how does your clock go? Very well I guess;' The same answer, the same story repeated, and another five shillings received in exchange. And thus . did he go round exchauging elouk for clock until he bad-received an- extraiive shillings for every one he had sold. Ben Wilde, the Aurora funny man, has been up in Minnesota, and tells of a conversation lie had with a Minneapolis man whom he met on the 'cars, the subject beiug as usual, Minneapolis flour. Ben commenced with— *' They make some flour in Minneapolis, do they not ?' ' No sir, it makes itself. Min nesota wheat is so full of flour it would be useless to try to keep it shut up in the ker nels: It is such a vigorous flour it would get out on its own hook if it were not taken out.' *' I understand,' says I, ?' Minneapolis flour is. sold in England cheaper than it is retailed ? at home. How is that?' 'CJear enough, sir; clear enough,' replied the healthy looking Minnesotian. ' You see our raU roads charge for freighting by the hundred weight. Our flour is so light* that the more they put in a car the lighter the load grows. A cargo of Minnesota flour goes through for nothing, and is entitled to a drawback at ' the other end of the route. As for selling' cheaper in England, that is clear enough ; its buoyancy makes it desirable for ships to carry. A shipload of Minnesota flour could not sink.' 'Hut if it should get wet?' I -suggested. 'The -wetter the batter. A swamped shipload of our flour would sop u:- the Atlantic in two hours, and let the ;pcoi-Ie walk across as the children of Israel crossed ILake Minnetcnka when the hosts of Kiug Pliarcab. were after them.' ' I have heard it very life-sustaining,' I added in compli ment. ' W-elL, I should emphasise !'' and he straitened up as if to startle me, but-I- wns beyond that.' ' i^ife-sustaining 1 Well, '. I should smile in capital italics' There is an effort being made by the medical fraternity and the undertakers to get an injunction agsinat its manufacture. It is fairly driving 1 them out of business. Audit the-Govenitnent | would require vessels to cany a loaf of Minnesota broad for each passenger, we would hear of no more sea disasters, beaause of inadequate life preservers.' 'Ate you a dealer in flour ':' I asked. ??' Oh I no ; I am a clergyman. If I were a dealer in flour I could probably tell you many: wonderful things about it;' ? . . . . ? ? ' Am dar a crank present in de hall to night''' softly asked Brother Gardner as the Limekiln Club '-meeting ' opened: Hot a voice answered. 'Have any of you seen a crank aroun' town ai-s las' week?' continued the president. Ko one had, or at least no oue admitted it. 'Two weeks ago de kentry was full of 'era. You could find 'envoh de street kyar, at de depot, aroun3 de hotels, an' cben in church. All 'of a sudden you can't skeer up a single crank. De bizness has got to be unhealthy. The plea of insanity doan'.go down wid de jury as . slick as it did. De time when one maa caii - jnit a knife into anoder an' make de jury . believe he was bo'n dat way and couldn't help it lias 'bout expired. De crank mus'. go. He mus' . quit shoatin', stabbin', stealiix', an' bein' heard of ^in de land. When de crank fust brought for'd de idea dat the Deity was behind him an' uged Mm on it was suntiiia' new an' novel, but dat ideah am played out wid the rest. My frens, let- de cantankerous, bkness- alone. Doan' call stealin' by any odder name. If your hands itch for money dat belongs to some one else, take it an' skip, an' when de law overhauls you doan' sot up de plea dat an' angel from 'heaven urged 'you on. Legal farces have had deir day in dis kentry. Insanity, kleptomania,- sudden, emo tion, drunkenness an' loss o' memory will be poo' excuses before fucker juries.' The pre sident stated that he had received' the follow ing personal letter: — 'Boston, February 1, 1SS2. Brother Gardner — Is there anything wrong in nlaying a game ni cards? Very truly, CbaVbe&b.t; Joxes.' 'When Elder Lightfootan' his wife come over to my cabin,' replied the president, ' an' we sot down fur a game o' euchre, we feel as innocent of wrong as a two-year-old child foolin' wid a revolver, but under certain odder condishuns a game of. keerds may result in 'great evil. If a pus3on stacks de keerds, dat's wrong. If he puts the joker up bis sleeve, dat's wrong. If he plays a lone hand, dat looks suspicious. If he winks at his partner to take it up or turu it down, it isn't a squar' game. Ordinarily speaMn' dar's nuffin' wrong in a game of keerds, unless you git all de nine an' ten spots and de odder man holds all de bowers an' aces.' A man came into the office on Tuesday (says the Gliicago Tribune) with a black eye, a strip of court plaster on his cheelc, one arm in a sling, and as he leaned on a crutch and wiped the perspiration away from around a lump on his forehead with a red cotton ; handkerchief, he asked if the editor was in. Being answered in the affirmative, he said — ' Well, I want to stop my paper,' and he sat down on the side of a chair as though it might hurt. 'Scratch my name right- off. . You are responsible for my condition.' 'Can it be possible?'' we enquired. 'Yes,'3 said he; 'I am a farmer, and keep cows. I recently read au article in your 'paper about a dairyman's convention, where one o£ the mottoes over the door was— 'Treat your cow as you would a lady,' and the article said it was contended by our best dairymen that a cow treated iu a polite, gentlemanly manner, as -though she was a com panion, would give twice as imieh milk. The plan seemed feasible to me. I had been a hard man with my stock, and thought maybe that was one reason why my cows always dried up when butter was 43. cents a pound, and gave plenty of milk when butter was 15 cents a pound. I decided to adopt vour plan, and treat a cow as I would a lady. 1 bad a brindle cow that had never been very much mashed on inc. and I decided to commence on her, and the next morning after I read your devilish paper I put on my Sunday- suit and a white plug hat that i bought the year Greeley ra'u for President, and went to the barn to milk. I noticed the old cow seemed to be bashful and frightened, but taking off iny bat and bowing poli tely, I said — * Madame, excuse the_ seeming- impro- ' priety of the request, but will yeu-lo -me.-the favor to hoist?' At the same time I touched her gently on the flank with my plag hat, and putting the tin. pail on the floor under her, I sat down on the milking- . stcol.' 'Did she hoist?' said we, rather anxious to know how the advice ot President Smith, of Sheboygau, the great dairyman, had worked. 'Didahe hoist? Well, look at me and see if you think she hoisted. That cow raised right up and kicked me with all four feet, switched me with her tail and hooked me with both horns all at once, and when I got up out of the bedding in tae stall and dug my hat out of the mauger, and the milking stool out from under me, and began to maul that cow. I forgot all about the treat ment of horned cattle. Why, she fairly galloped over me. and I never want to read your old paper again.' We tried to explain to him that the advice did not apply to brindle cows at all, but he hobbled out the maddest man that ever asked a cow to iioist in diplo matic language. — Chicago Times. 