WITH MY CIGAR. Br PEUTETRB. [After the row—Dr. Gilchrist's "enemies" The Very Rev. Dean Macartney versus the State schools—Where the infidelB come from—The Religions of the Bible and what they come to—The sacred right of riot.]. Now that the kind south winds have wafted off to seas unknown all the fumes of the tea and toast debauch with whioh the new Orange Wolhalla was so pray erf ully dedioated to the worship of Moloch on the riotous night of the 9tli inst. : Stephen-street having in some measure recovered from its fears and apprehensions of an inaugural fusilade, or ball cartridge feu de joie from the front windows, such as the said street was appalled by from the old blood stained shooting gallery : the orangoade carouse having passed without any loss of Catholic life either through accidental discharge or by deliberate aim: the tumult of that Thursday evening having bust like a damp Chinese cracker in a feeble explosion, and a frightful stench, one may light a contemplative cigar, and retire to thatcool kiosk, the verandah, and behind a fragrant screen of honeysuckle and jasmine, work out, in mental algebra, the value of snch rowdy and illegal displays to the community at large, and how far the peaoe and prosperity of the country are promoted by suoh demonstrations-.—First, trade. Was it all for the good of trade? Yes, excepting in the case of the unfortunate contractor. £7000 to the building piper, and not a present penny to pay with. The gingerbeer man, too, if he was fobbed off with a promissory note for 18 months. That tradesman's fortune is as good as made. Then the bun merchant. Tick again. Then the poor orange marmalade manufacturer, whose whole stock on hand was wheedled out of him by the promise of a seat on the platform and the deposit of a broken-down, pinchbeck watch, which he mistook for gold, as he discovered when he took it to the pawnbroker's, who would only lend 3 shillings on it, leaving about 9000 buna unpaid for. It seems that the trade in buns and orange marmalade at the opening corrobotee was something distressingly large as well as enlarging, as the young ladies were not only pious but hungry, through the exertions they were compelled to make in order to understand Mr. Patterson's speech, and in keeping awake while Mr. Biohardson was droning. Then there was suoh a number of bid gloves to be cleaned, and new bootlaces bought, and pocket-handkerohiefa washed, and haberdashery of all sorts to bo prooured by hook or by orook, that the trade view of the opening looks, at first sight, rather encouraging for Melbourne; but as the little bills have not all oorne in yet, especially the gunpowder, percussion-oap, and revolver dealer's, we must wait for next year's sitting of the Insolvency Court in order to know whether the tradesmen of thia great city oan write profit or loss on the thing as. a speculation. The contractors searching for their £7000 in an empty oashr box is a picture whioh should be framed aud hung up iu the new Orange Shooting Saloon as companion to the Der Frei Sohutz by which the doomed boy fell mortally wounded, and whose ghost, liha Banquo's, disturbed the opening oarnival. "Oub Enemies." But amidst all the hurly bnrly, tho hip, hip, hurraying, the Kentish fire, and the frantic yells of the young bush boors who assisted at the revel, one sentenoe rang out clear and loud in the satyrnalian clamour. The Bav. Dr. Gilohrlst sounded one note in the discordant din whioh all heard, and all rejoiced to hear. We were laughed at and made fun of last February by the Romish journals. But their laughing and their jeering has not pnt us down. We live in spite of their Popish lunar-taking; and we have let them know that the sola result of their ridicule upon us. has been to make us go and plunge ourselves £7000 in debt. Thus (said the excited doctor), thus we have thrown a thunderbolt into the camp of Our Enemies!!! Just so. That is plain English, even though spoken by an Orjinge tJlsterman. The Catholics are not fellowcitizens. They 'are " enemies." The Catholics are not to be acknowledged by us as fellow-subjects, but as "enemies" The Catholics are members of God's true Church, and, therefore, our enemies. The Catholics, as such, must nevdrberegaTdpdbyTis'assubjeets of the British crown, but as serfs pf tha Vicar of Christ, and''for that' reason our enemies: ^Phe^ioar of-Ghiisbis- tphe-Pope f a spiritual^ person, boing thn: ohiefvpriuti'Df' the 1 GiAholic 'J^ligioni wia claimiflg no qpegjaiipo, except in ep&!CU31' tttiqp, Vta wantonly and maliciously say that the Pope demands Catholic obedience in temporal or civil things, and thus, on our own false and malicious accusation, we will say the Catholics are our enemies. The Pope is the Moderator of the Catholic Ohuroh ; but we will assert that the Pope is the liege lord and secular monarch of all Catholics, so that we may keep up the lie on which we declare them our enemies. So Dr. Gilchrist goes on evil speaking, slandering, and lying, in order that he may have a pretext for looking upon Catho-. lios as his enemies. Well, we are his enemies, as the Lamb wastbeenemyof the Wolf. It is an old North of Ireland story. For 100 years Orange " Wreckers" have been persecuted beyond all endurance by Catholic" Defenders," The Defenders were the Ulster Catholics, a minority of the population. They were roused to eelf-defence by the murderous guerilla warfare waged against them by Orange Wreckers, who exceeded them in numbers as much as the Catholics here in Victoria are exceeded by the Protestant population. The Orange Wreckers wero four to one. _ Therefore they were in danger of their lives. Therefore they must shoot down the weaker and fewer Catholics as dreaded enemies. The Orange Wreckers had the police, the yeomanry, the militia, the army, the whole strength of the Government at their back, and thus aided and assisted the Orange Wreckers were as well matched against the Catholic Defenders aB the Wolf of Esop was against the Lamb. Enemies, says Dr. Gilchrist : enemies. A century has rolled by. A Catholic minority finds itself at the Australian eide of the globe. It is settled down among a four to one Protestant majority, and the wolf-yell rings in the lamb's ears, just as if it was the Magherafelt wolf had come down through the earth to show his fangs, to gnash his teeth, to growl out his rage, and to raven for the lamb's blood, and scarce refrain from reddening his nose in it, and lapping it with his eager tongue. Even here the Orange wolf, no doubt, is muzzled; but Dr. Gilchrist shows us how the savage beast would fain tear off the muzzle, and rend his Catholic enemies limb from limb. What is the Catholics offence here. The Catholics seek to possess all citizen rights. For that reason Dr. Gilchrist denounces them as enemieB. The CatholicB here, in the exercise of their legal citizen privileges, desire to see some of their own relieion in Parliament. "Wretches, cries Dr. Gilchrist, for entertaining any suoh very natural desire, we hate you as enemies. The Catholics here have the offices of the State open to them by the law of the land aud of the Empire. Presumptuous Romanists, exclaims Dr. Gilchrist, in a flush of envenomed indignation, how darn you aspire to the high offices of State ? Begone ! you provoke my inexpressible disgust because of your lawful desire, and I abhor you as enemies. The Catholio M.P.'s of this colony aspire, in the noble and legitimate impulses of honourable men, to sit in the Cabinet as Ministers of tbe Crown. In a volcanic eruption of an Orangeman's burning wrath and arrogance, Dr. Gilchrist cries ont: Astounding villainy ! execrable vanity! brazen roguery! plundering pirates! let thunderbolts from the Orange Empyrean fall upon aud aonsume you in your Satanic ambition, and as our most acoursed enemies, whom God, we know not why, but it oan be for no good reason, restrains us from destroying. Such were the utterances an Orange Lodge chaplain delivered himself of on the evening of the 9th inst., while venting these amicable emotions towards ns as enemies, and throwing nothing less than. £7000 thunderbolts into our " camp," a Ch urch of England Synod was gravely debating the question of the oauses of the prevailing Protestant infidelity. What could the sons and daughters of suoh dootors of divinity be but infidels ? How is it that tbe children of so many Protestant ministers, Philip Doddridge's included, march off into the "-aamp" of infidelity? Let the. Protestant ministers answer. Putting aside for a monjent the abject silliness of Dr. Gilchrist's pittable boobyisms, let us see what a dean of the. Anglican Church has to say when ensconced in the penetralia of an Orange Lodge on pantomime night. The dean is Dean Maoartney, and whatever'else a spaeoh. of his may be, ft is always the speech of a true-born gentleman in its tone and manner. It has been, of course, the misfortune of his life that he was bred and born an Orangeman; but for all that and a* that, he is a brave, old, " true blue" warrior: a gallant octogenarian game cock, who means to die game, clasping, the bible to his breast, and singing " Croppies lie down" with his last breath. But here he is, on an Orange gin sling sipping night, as, lustily cheering Dr. Gilchrist when he calls us " enemies" as if he was dining with the. Verner Lodge after a 12th day raid among, the Magheracroom boys. But the Dean did' not forget his divinity amid the soda water, festivities of the 9th. He aroused some, person or persons unnamed oSf haying removed; the bible, from the State schools, and thus left those saored places vacant for the entrance o£ infidelity. But who remove^ the biblefroihthe State 8chople,who ? Wasitremoved by the Catholics —by the Pcpe—by the Catholic bishops and prieste ? Ko. The bible was rampved from theState.schooli fyi pjsotesttnit legislators herq inVi<tori«^aja4,by nobody else. The Dean said the bible was removed to conciliate the,Catholics. Hp*f would, orhowoould thatconciliate the Oathqjio.sf By conciliation the!meant iba^^OaJbalios to send their" chlldren to th? ; ®ew Citato oohools. But lipii ah^, exoept risgfop, obrild^Bave^^bV to'^P. ^P J'll® demented tonatte co^"e$8DFW eM We '™"™»p ™y nciea with Vtrv designs. This is proved promoters Vl r ^ T ! of t h J l U ^it penal l J ™to t^T ^ * toy TChgions doctrines in the whoolT wi this done to conciliate the Caftoliosf u?"' all. Tha mere negative pr^utK removing the Protestant bibledid^j do nothing T towards the oonoilistioTIrf oonoiS^ Catholics. The, The. law W went ww. ni>on a . tetli • Ot conception of Catholic feeling ^cfiSt belief. The law went upoaa'WVSSE tant opinion. Protestantism beh>« „ disbelieves as it chooses. Catholio, do so^ They believe what God commands them believe, and they believe nothing else orotW wise. Catholics have a positive, affirmaB™ creed and religion; and nothing lees than the positive, affirmative and unrestricted teaching of this religion to their children oonH conciliate Catholics in regard to any school Dean Macartney misapprehends the, matter The Catholic impression is that the l w» makers of Viotoria, being ultra• ecleotia V their religious convictioos, and with the view of morally coercing the Oathoha minority in the colony into, at least, esterioi conformity with an eclstic ordinance, pawed a law vhich was infidel in prineipla, leavine it to the chapter of accidents whether, it would end in pjaotioal infidelity oj ^ But the point is this, that the Oranw bawlers in the new Shooting Gallery, and th* overwhelming majority of all other Pro. testante, as well as the OraBge Prostesbatta in this colony, would now uphold their infidel law, and breed and bring up a whole population of godlesB, christless, rampaging atheists rather than repeal that Law, if its repeal were to benefit the CiitWioa." This is now tho great Victorian bugbear; the mean, dastardly, and spiteful reluctance, Protestants have to " benefit the Catholics." Under the influence of this coward and grudging spirit, only see how they deal with Tbeib "Holt Bible." They sav it is tho Word of God. They say that it contains the will of God. They say that their salvation depends on knowing the inspired scriptures. They say that without this written word they would be in danger of perishing everlastingly. They Bay the bible is their only rule of faith, their guide to a holy life. This book, they say, is their spiritual treasury, their garden of spiritual delights, their mine of heavenly wisdom, their casket of celestial pearls, their light, their hope, their joy, their sweetness, their consolation, their balm for every wound, their cordial for every afflicting fear; yet this bible, this priceless gift from God, what do they with it to " conciliate the Catholics," whom in their hearts they abhor f Why, they fling it out of the State school windows; they play traitors to their bible, yet gain nothing by their impious disloyalty to their God in thus despising the written record of His love whioh he entrusted to their fidelity and veneration. Is it not a moral insanity of the most erratic and inveterate description,, joined to an unprincipled abandonment of duty, to traffic thus ttilh holy things? THK WOBSE PEEIKNCE. Other Protestants more candid, though equally inconsistent, say that it had become suoh an outrage on all reason that the State should pay for a system of religious instruction whereof there were 13 contradictory expositions and expositors, that such sn expenditure of the publio money would be both scandalous and dishonest and monstrous. The State shrank, therefore, in shame and horror from such a taak, and consistently washed her hands out of the whole lot. Among thirteen mutually repelling systems of religion the State conld not be safe from the folly and guilt of maintaining some whioh ware false; and to protect herself aha, washed her hands out of them all. But then see into what " deep damnation" this plea sinks the whole Protestant system. The State here in Viotoria says, in effeot, when thus eioneing herself for ejecting all religious teaching from her schools, that the reading of ths bible, and the extraction from it of a religion, each one for themselves, so unsettlM. all faith, all confidence in a»y and a aU of Ibhe religions thus obtained, that it only remains for honest people to throw the whole pf the these so-called bible sjsi«m» onboard, and dispense with their teaohingw a lump; and this is the judgment^ Vwi torian Protestant statesmen upon, the gre« Pltttestapt principle that the bible, andtN bible only, is th* religion of Prot^£ This, bible religion ends in Buch » m^eji thai it shakes men's belief in aU religum. Deau Maoartney sunk abashed ® ths^UW of the State in expelling tbe bible fro^ toe A , and would b^t « 5 dueed even if its perusal brought «••W additional religions, each more oontraW of the other than thelOO we h«fc. none of them forbad hun to ^ ^ orange lily on Boyne battle day. The forded withjrreatdeyotion, ioating4hMroejv praised (ahooMng) M Wjgjj f f i loch, to whom bipod ha^wen^' 1 " ^ god-thegod ofblood.'Sha mention the f»i mind the wUiJ»d«.<>f flgWgjf%% Orangemen, Koloob^yw.^^^^ as the ; Dpah iso v^r ; 80» ^ S S e T O f may bp huMM W »» -t- ijhool- Jle'sw. a boyisms enongMljM'" pose the akw iwid.iJe japgceafjle; (1 ^ atmtrtwatgmaj "»»' *** beaded ignorsnoe of English history deserved »rotten egg against his gums. Blathering u be was to a p&ok; oi Orange gorillas, he oould, of oourse, spew ont any amount of ggltunnioas fabrications to them about Ireland. Orangemen, being nearly all Irishmen, exnlt in hearing Irish Catholios abased, and only regret that they can't shoot them down as in days of yore. True or false is all the same to Orangemen when Catholics are concerned. Bat Mr. Patterspn must be almost qualified to go in for competitive, examination with any Hampshire hog if he knows nothing of English riots since the year of our Lord (if Mr. Patterson believes there ever was any Lord) 1816 to 1832. There never was any such amount of rioting in Ireland during that period as there was in England. Across, from Dorking to t)evizes, from Kingston to Kendall, the people of England rioted and were shot, and rioted again and were hanged, and still rioted and were dragooned, so that at Manchester 500 lay wounded or dead upon the ground after a chargo of cavalry. £iit this rioting won the EEROBM BILL, and won freodom for England. Mr. Pattereon prates about Irish, rioting ; wasthere ever any extensive and sustained rioting unless there was a deep, a grievous, an unendurable and crying wrong and dire injustice to produce and justify the rioting? Never. How is it that Governments will not apply the needed relief and remedy until they have first goaded the suffering and oppressed people to madness ? Then, when men have bled, and women wept, and children oonsigned to orphaned destitution for long and weary years of disregarded misery, and household woe; when an exasperated people at last rise in righteous fury and rebel and riot, then alarmecl Governments begin to ask what's amiss, and after the bloody tumult, the healing balm is applied and the rioting is over. The theme will bear further unfolding, and I will endeavour to nnfold it, with an intense disdain of Mr. Patterson's not only unphiloBophic but pot-house reading of history, and of bis grub-like grovelling prejudices. November 21, 1882. 