THEATRICAL GOSSIP. Our London correspondent writes:— If the theory of the spiritualists oe true, that disembodied intelligences are not neces- ■ sarily transferred very for from their old haunts, but do indeed hover about places where kindred spirits, still cumbered with this "too solid flesh" are met, one wonders whether the ghosts of defunct dramatists,; from Shakespeare downwards, feel compli mented, or the reverse, by the enormous pains now spent upon the mounting of their pieces, from " Shy lock's bridge with houses on it, to the flounce of Peg Woffington's petticoat. There are some dramas touching which it is impossible nowadays not to dis guise somewhat to this effect. But on the other hand there are also some which do seem the gainers by minute attention to costume and upholsterer's details, and among these I take it are Sheridan!s witty comedies associated with upper class middle life in the eijghteenth century. " The School for Scandal," as revived on Saturday night, at the Vaudeville Theatre, iB the last, and a signally perfect instance of repro ducing on the stage the interior life of that time as it certainly was never exhibited to contemporary playgoers, who were well enough contented with tables and chairs serving for almost any period or place wherein such conveniences were known. So deter mined has the management been to have everything in order that an excellent tenor singer, Mr. Wilford Morgan is retained for the part of Sir Harry Bumper, whose concern in the action is limited to the singing of an after-dinner ditty, "Here's to the maiden of bashful fifteen. MiBS Ada Cavendish has made a decided hit as Lady Teazle, being especially good in the more serious portions of that role, ani Mr. Farren is now the Sir Peter par excellence of the boards. I doubt if Mr. Henry Neville be Sheridan's Charles Surface, who must have been a more rollick ing scamp, but there is always a charm about the toned-down performances of this very intelligent and gentlemanly actor. The subordinate part is perhaps the very best seen in our time. Mrs. Langtry is fairly launched in her pro fessional career. Of course she has had to run the gauntlet of some cynical commeut, her more than common personal gifts laying her perculiarly open to a line of remark, the drift of which may be summed up in a time honoured nursery jingle—"My face is my fortune, Sir, she said:" But as this banter is not rung literally in the lady's ears she can afford to let it pass. Now that the tentative performances are over, and the critics having behaved with all due politeness, are at liberty to criticise in earnest, the verdict is that Mrs. Langtry has the making of an actress in her. Mobs Hardcastle continues to be her favourite part, but she has also acquitted herself very promisingly in Robertson's comedy "Oursj" and that piece is alter nating at the Haymarket with " She Stoops to Conquer." I have always contended that Mrs. Langtry iB one of the so-called profe • sional beauties who deserves every sympathy and encouragement. Good books and grandmothers of the good old school were wont to prononnce beauty in women, and exceptional talents not necessary for the gaining of his bread in man, Ma snare;" and grim as the doctrine sounds, there was a measure of truth in it. Mr. Herman Merivale, whose " Forget-me-not" was unanimously pronounced one of the most perfect pieces of its particular kind produced for many years, owed his success very largely to the clever conversation carried on between the female villain—an, extremely -wicked person—and the reformed rake who is, after her, the most conspicuous character m the play. This power of writing very effective dialogues of an unatniable sort is Mr. Men vale's special talent, and it seems too likely to prove what the teaching of Hannah More's . school . would call his ; " snare," for the new piece which he has brought out at the Globe Theatre, entitled " The Cynic," and founded on his own novel, " F&ucit; of /RallipVF' has but one really interesting and leading' personage—a kind of modern and much vulgarized Mephistophiles, who re sides in &n; apartment furnished in black and red, and issues therefrom to scheme against the peace of innocent people (too colourless to inspire respect), and to flash about him bewildering volleys of verbal fireworks, all of that lurid hue which might be expected from a source absolutely and avowedly satanic. - There is moral - contagion in the concentration of interest upon cruel and wholly selfish sentiments, however epigram matically they may be expressed. Surely this brilliant writer would not have — believe that his sole strength lies in the dis section of an evil mind. Mr. Carl Rosa's capital company is giving performances of operas in English at Her Majesty's Theatre, and is distributing its favours with judicious partiality between works of very diverse scope and pretensions. Votaries.of the modern German school who contend1 for dramatic consistency before everything, have been treated to "Lohengrin," j &C-;, and the old-fashioned singing plays have been given for the benefit of the sunplerfolks, whose chief demand is to have their ears' pleased without, searching too nicely after possible incongruities between an agreeable melody and the exact passion or idea to Which it is joined. This latter clasp has bran con sulted in the production of a hitherto un known opera by Balfe, composed to an Italian "libretto (ailed Pittore.e Duca" about 1854-56 for the lyric stage at Trieste, and now fitted with ah excellent English version of the same drama' by Mr. W. A. Barrett. The: work so modified bears the unsuggestive word " Moro" as its title, that being the patronymic of its hero, a Flemish painter who, though actually knighted by our Queen Mary of sanguinary reputation as Sir An thony More, was not illustrious enough jbo make his name & household word in those days. The' purely fictitious plot laid m Flanders in 1668 imagines ' Mono secretly, betrothed to Olivia Camnagna, whbse love he has won by saving her life, but the lady's father marries her forcibly for selfish reasons to a powerful supporter of the ruthless Duke of Alva. Olivia flies immediately from the detested union to a convent, and Bchemes successfully to be supposed dead. Her lover believing the sad report, bids :farewell to joy in a pathetic song, and chooses art as his sole future mistress. Pursuing this resolution he wins distinction, and is employed by the dread Duke to paint the portrait of a lovely nun, accused of conspiring with her sisterhood against the Spanish rule. The said nun refuses to co-operate in the artist's task, but beiag rudely unveiled, Moro recognizes the face of his lost love. He then implores her pardon and release as the sole terms on which he will work, and the perfidious Duke, who is enamoured of Olivia, pretends to grant the boon, but only to inter pose as the young couple are setting forth for Italy (Olivia's first husband being dead), and press his dishonourable suit. Moro shows fight, but ineffectually, and seems a lost man, when messengers suddenly appear announc ing that the Duke is recalled, and the painter summoned on a professional visit to the Eng lish Court. A joyous choral finale then pic tures the happy marriage and prosperity of the faithful pair. The music is less ambitious throughout than that of Balfe's latest Italian opera " II Talismano," and therefore shows the composer's genins, such as it was, to better advantage. There are plenty of taking songs, which will soon appear in the shop windows. I The St. James's Hall musical enthusiasts have rejciced in a too brief visit from Madame Norman Neruda, the lady violinist who has completely mastered an instru ment long held to possess mechanical difficulties which no woman could sur mount without the sacrifice of all pretem sions to feminine grace, and even decorum, so far as a public exhibition was concerned. A lady, it was said, might learn the fiddle as a child may learn the pianoforte, but just as the keyboard of a piano necessitates a power of expansion and strength of wrist which a child s hand does not possess, so the violin requires., a fourth finger longer than any woman is likely to have, and even supposing her exceptionally endowed in this physical detail she can never progress beyond a certain point without involving herself in gymnastic contortions distressing to behold. But Madame Norman Neruda, sitting at the post of distinction in a Bee thoven string quartette, wields the bow of the first violin with the Bame quiet and assured precision that the mistress of a more -homely instrument stitches a collar, and with the same absence of all furs ; ana Madame Neruda, standing up in the performance of a concerto or a solo of stupendous mechanical difficulty, draws out the long notes of a pathetic adagio, and executes tne most bril liant flourishes of a cadenza ad libitum with as easy a grace as a demoiselle thoroughly trained in a school of deportment takes her turn with a bagatelle cue or a croquet mallet. Yet there is no deficiency of "tone" or lack of vigour. St. James's :Hall, packed to the roof oy an audience accustomed to follow Joachim with critical appreciation of his last efforts, is a trying ordeal; but this lady has succeeded in making herself accepted as a leader par excellence on precisely the same level as the great Hungarian virtuoso, and -her annual coming is looked for with the same eagerness as is. The only solo which she has given us this year is one by Bust, an eighteenth century composer, the difficulties of which are immense, while the music is of that stiff fugal kind which is hard and dull if not properly rendered. But she held her audience spell-bound-from the first note to the last. " Every one is grieved by the serious illness of Sir Michael Costa, the "prince of conductors," who was a few days ago attacked by a paralytic stroke — a visi tation which at his age necessarily excites grave alarm. To the Sacred Har monic Society the loss of his services would be irreparable, so much is his name bound up with the reputation of that veteran insti tution, and so much does the exceeding respect in which even his crotchets are held do towards reconciling the younger supporters of the Society to a somewhat conservative and exclusive policy. A " go-ahead" genera tion has grown up, concerts of all kinds have multiplied, and the Albert Hall has raised its colossal bulk, with a special choir of its own, since Exeter Hall used to be mentioned almost with bated breath by the devout metropolitan bourgeoisie as the one spot where an oratorio could be heard to perfection;but Sir Michael's power of swaying an orchestra is still univer-. sally acknowledged to be unique. Although thebulletins are very hopeful, one cannot but receive these witha misgiving that the man who was composing and conducting operas in 1842 can scarcely hope to overcome a stroke of paralysis in 1882 sufficiently to grasp Mb baton once more with the old firm ness. Her Majesty, whose own health compels her to migrate to Mentone'for a few weeks, has made the kindest enquiries touch ing the suffering musician, whom she created a knight about thirteen years ago. 