56 0£6' Column. MAX BANDEB'S WILD TIGEB. BY MATTHEW WHITE, JUN. I didn't like that little French village. Thad and I were at our wit's end to find Bomo way to amuse ourselves. There wasn't any river to row on, nor any hills to climb, aud not a single person we could talk to out of the family. Then you sort of felt as if you were a lunatic in an asylum; for instead of fences, every house had a high stone wall around it ; that is, every house except the one whero we boarded, which was surrounded by an iron railing, with the bars just far enough apart to make it look like a cage in a menagerie. At least this is what Thad said it reminded him of, and sometimes I used to seo him tearing up and down behind it, playing he was an African lion. I didn't tell him it was silly, because once in a while I turned panther my self. It was an awfully poky town. About threo times every day Thad and I used to beg father to go somewhere else, but he always said, ' Havo patience, boys.' I wonder if anybody ever counted the number of times fathers and mothers Bay, ' Have patience?' If it's as tiresome to say as it is to listen to, I feel sorry for them. Well, one morning when they both were out driving, and the landlady had gone to market, and there was nobody at home but the French cook and us boys, I was that sorry for Thad, not to' mention how awfully dull I was myself, that I felt I musS do something. So I called Thad down-stairs, and told, him I'd invent a new play for him. ' Wo can use the fence just the same for a cage, ' I explained, ' and you're to be a tiger a keeper's trying to tame. I'll be tho keeper, and at first you must snap at mo through the bars ; but I'll look you straight in the eye all tho time (that's the way keepers do), and then all of a sudden I'll open the door, rush into the cage, and you'll be tamed.' Thad said that -would be fun, and then I got father's cane, and wo both wont out into the front yard. Hardly anybody over walked on the street, so I wasn't afraid of being in terrupted. I went outside, shutting the gate behind me, and Thad having curled himself up close to tho railing, pretending to be asleep, I began operations by poking him with my stick. At first he only gave a low growl. (I wasn't sure whether tigers growled or howled, but I told him a growl would do) ; but when the cane slipped and tickled him under tho arm, he jumped up, and neither growled nor howled, but screamed, until I was obliged to remind him that he wasn't a wild- cat. 'But ticklings not fair,' he cried, still squirming a little. 'All right,' I answered, begining my ta ming operations, and keoping my eye on him in a way that I think really began to frighten him. Then he started racing up and down in side the fenco, I after him on the outside, un til we were both quite out of breath, and then he stood still, and snapped at mo between tho bars. We wero right by the gate, and whilo ho had his head out, pretending to gnaw my stick, I suddenly let go ot it, and slipping through tho gateway, rushed up behind him before you could say ' Jack Bobinson.' ''Now iyou must turn around, and we'll look at each other for a minuto, and then you'll give in,' I cried, making believo crowd into a corner of the cage. 'But I can't turn round,' exclaimed Thad. ' I can't got my head out,' ' Why, how did you get it in, then?' I replied, stepping up to examine into matters. ' Twist it the other way.' ' Thad thereupon obediently gave a fresh tug, but all in vain ; his head remained stuck between the bars like a cow's in the patent stalls. I was scared then, and nover thinking about tigers, took him by the neck, and tried my best to get him freo ; but I couldn't. Then he set up a very unbeastlike yell, which brought tho Fronch cook out of tho . house, with a bunch of garlic in her hand. When she saw what had happened, she screamed louder than Thad. Tho noiso they both made together was something frightful, while I rim first ono side of the fence, then the other, wondering diBmally if we'd have to livo in that town always beoauso Thad couldn't get his head out. If we'd had any neighbors except a deaf old man, a woman who nover left her bed, and two young men who went to work three miles away, I suppose we'd soon have had a orowd around us, but as it was, nobody appeared but a littlo girl with a hunk of bread, tho sight of whioh caused Thad to stop hollowing, and' declare that wo must bring him something to eat. When I had opened and shut my mouth several times, pointing my finger down it and then at Thad, tho cook comprehended what was wanted, and rushing outside of the fence, put that buneli of garlio right under my brother's nose. ' ' Pah 1' he oxolaimed, and Wrenchcd his head baok so suddenly that I half exported to see both liis ears diop off. 'Oh, dear,' I groaned, 'if ho con't free himBelf with snoh a jerk aB that wo can never got him out at all.' -. . ' Then reoolleoting that Thad liatod tlio smell of garlic as much as I did, and seeing that the cook was still trying to feed him with it, I motioned sternly towards tho house, and ordered her to ' departoz,' whioh wasn't hard to say, aB you just take an English word and put a little French end to it. Sho understood me at once, and seemed to feel quito insulted, for sho walked straight back to tho kitclion, slamming the gate after her. Tho next minute somebody slapped mo on the shoulder, and turning, I jumped as if I had seen a ghost, for it was Thad, and I was at least five feet from the fonco. You seo, when tho gate was open tho space between thoso two particular bars was a littlo smaller than when it was shut. Thad and I might have romained in that pickle for any, length of timo, he screaming at tho top of his voice, and I dancing around him in agony. Who knows how long it would havo taken us to find out that all we had to do was to shut tho gate, if that woman hadn't got mad and given it such an awful slam? — Harper's Young People. 