MR. JOSEPH COOK'S LECTURE AGAINST MATERIALISM. TO THE EDITOR. I am, B.T. FINNISS August 17, 1882. Sir—Mr. Cook's lecture in the Town Hall, on Tuesday night, is reported to have been well attended and duly appreciated by an ad- miring and willing audience. Heralded as he was with a flourish of trumpets and accredited by the leading men of the city, his success was assured. It may be considered great presumption on my part to attempt to show in what respect be failed to demolish materialism. The materialist, if he can sur- vive Mr. Cook's onslaught, would indeed be a fanatic and a dreamer to hope to see his departed relatives and friends in a future world. But the expectations of the materi- alist do not lead him in that direction, as Sir Cook well knows. Death does not end all, Mr. Cook says, and in the course of his argument he attempted to demonstrate that there must he something in human nature to match the conscience, something immaterial and spiritual. This is not argument, but transcendental assertion, saturated and en- veloped with the glamour of the supernatural. Mr. Cook cannot, the materialist would re mind him, show the origin of consciousness, or prove the existence of spirit. If he has proved that there is a future life after death, then there is an end of all discussion; but has he done so? The spirit which the ma- terialist fails to discover in nature, is spirit considered as an entity without form and materiality, the spirit of the orthodox. Mr. Cook brings forward, too, very curious argu ments entirely in the nature of opinions, which of course cannot be admitted as factors in a demonstration. He expresses his own opinion or doubt thus—that he doubts whether civilisation could be maintained if man were to lose his anticipation of a judgment to come. But how does this dogma agree with the his- tory of the civilisations that have preceded ours. There was a Hebrew civilisation, in which, until the Babylonish Captivity no future state was recognised, although strange to say it was known to the priests of Egypt long before the Israelites sojourned in the land of the Pharaohs; and the Greeks, although they believed in a place for departed spirits, called Hades, yet had no expectation of rewards in Heaven, although some of their heroes and benefactors were deified on earth after death. It would indeed be a tre- mendous libel on civilisation to assume that its future development and improve ment, and even its present condition, cannot be maintained except in a religious belief, which an immense mass of the people, both educated and ignorant, already hold as at least doubtful, viz., judgment and hell. Such beliefs, not yet established as eternal truths capable of verification, for they are certainly still debated, discussed, and doubted by a great mass in the Christian fold, and those who believe do so through faith, which in the future may be shaken : and yet the man of progress, and the believer in the light of political freedom will still govern their con- duct by the rules of a social morality which existed before Christianity, and which is growing up side by side with Christianity under the infallible guidance of experiences. It is not difficult for a lecturer who has his audience with him, because he supports doctrines upon which their cherished hopes and expectations are founded, to undertake to prove that death does not end all, and if it do not, to challenge the materialist to show what does end all. It is easy too to be sarcastic and humorous at the expense of Darwin, Huxley, Herbert Spencer, Bain, and other great names in the domain of biology and physiology, when an audience, whose feelings are played upon by dramatic and rhetorical flourishes, and a powerful persuasive voice, are urged by uncontrollable sympathy to laugh or cry as they may be moved by the speaker. But now let us see what the materialist would have to say to all this onslaught on his views. He would exclaim—We also know that death does not end all, in the strictly scientific sense of the meaning of death, be- cause we have proofs that after the death of a man, decomposition sets in that resolves all organised forms into their constituent ele- ments. We see sensation and consciousness fade away in the sickness that precedes death, exactly in the same proportion as the functions of the tissues decay. The analytical chemist working in his laboratory cannot, in the dead body, detect the presence of any substance which he can call soul, or thought, or mind, or spirit. Careful research discovers the elementary constituents of the body, which are found to be, oxygen, hydrogen, nitrogen, carbon with its compounds, and a slight percentage of mineral substances such as lime, phosphorus, and sulphur. We may be sure therefore, that thought, mind, and spirit, whatever the latter may mean, must have existed, if at all, only as the result of the combination of material compounds which go to make up the body. The materialist cannot accept the definitions of spirit, for they are various, nay, multi- farious now, as they always have been. Men have been taught to believe that spirit is an entity, having an existence without form, without material essence, impalpable to the gross senses of the human race, and occupying no space, having no extension, that is, of such a nature we are taught are the human soul and mind. The materialist would call such an idea a nonentity—nothing; a sort of vacuum in short, for he cannot form a conception of anything which exists and yet is not a thing possessed of substance. He admits indeed that things have certain qualities which are but effects produced by some pre-existing material substance. Motion even, is not a spirit; for motion is never found in Nature apart from matter, which is said by our great physicists, Tait and Balfour Stewart, to be the vehicle of motion. Now, as to mind, which is said to mean the thinking power in animals, varying in propor- tion to their organisation; what is it ? What is thought? Let Dr. Carpenter tell us. He is in favor with Mr. Cook : there- fore he must be an unexceptional authority in the school to which Mr. Cook belongs. Dr. Carpenter, loquitur. " The dependence of mental activity of even the most elemen tary kind upon the physical changes kept up by the circulation of oxygenated blood through the brain can be shown experimentally to be just as direct and immediate as is the depen dence of the electric activity of a galvanic battery upon the analogous changes taking place between its metals and its exciting liquid. If we say that electricity is the product of chemical change in the one case I see not how we can refuse to regard thought as the product of chemical change in the other." This statement means, however it may be attempted to explain it otherwise, that experiments have been adduced which show convincingly that thought is not an entity or spiritual essence, but is the direct effect of the reaction of the arterial blood and the brain tissues. Dr. Carpenter, in another place in the same paper gives the positive evidence upon which he founds the proof "that all mental activity is dependent on a chemical reaction between the blood and the brain." I cannot, in the brief space to which I must confine my statements, give the details of the evidence, but I can refer the reader to Dr. Carpenter's paper published in the Contemporary Review for May, 1873. There Dr. Carpenter is satisfied that he has proved his point, so much so that he adds—" Although this is one of the best established facts in physiology, it is, I believe, taken very little account of by metaphysicians." The materialist relies upon so great an authority, and feels justified in rejecting the notion that thought is soul, or spirit, or a product of either, or both. He only asks for proofs of what the transcendentalist desires him to believe. And the materialist says, moreover, that if a man makes a posi- tive assertion, such as that he is sure of the existence of soul and spirit, or of a spiritual life hereafter, that man is bound to prove his assertion if he ex pects you to believe him, and he (the materialist) is not bound to prove the negative of his opponent's statement. Indeed he con- siders he is justified in saying that he knows nothing about the matter, it is beyond his experiences and beyond his power to com prehend. In such cases it is a very old arti- fice of orthodox controversialists to attempt to frighten you into the belief of the truth of what they wish you to believe, and which it is frequently their interest to force upon your conviction : or to induce you to accept their conclusions by flattering your hopes and self-love. And this belief if entertained on your part goes by the name of Faith ; that is you profess to believe and per- haps do come conscientiously to believe some- thing on the testimony or threats of others which from your own reason you cannot under- stand or fathom. Happy those whose faith corresponds with their wishes. Through this Faith we may be brought to believe the im- probable nay even the impossible, though both contrary to reason and above it. Faith is an emotion acting on the imagina- tive faculty, which in its turn originates in the recollection of ideas or images called into existence frequently without testing their resemblances to realities. Hence such imaginings are frequently incoherent and incongruous as in dreams and hallucinations, nightmares, and delirium tremens. Faith, uninstructed by knowledge, is exemplified in some of the lower animals. Thus, they are easily entrapped or persuaded by playing on their credulity, which is a mode of faith ; as in catching fish with a bait, catching your horse by enticing him to come to you in the expectation of finding corn in your hat held out to him with a few pebbles in it to make a rattling sound. Now the materialist would say, those who claim to have proved that there is a conscious human life after death can only do so by exciting in you a blind faith founded in hopes and fears and not in verifiable realities. This faith is acquired in early childhood by forming the mind when the brain is soft, plastic, and susceptible to impressions. Dr. Carpenter says:— "It is when the brain is growing that the direc- tion of its structure can be most strongly and persistently given to it. Thus, he continues, the habits of thought come to be formed, and these nerve tracks laid down, which (as the physiologist believes) constitute the mecha- nism of association by the time that the brain has readied its maturity, and the nutrition of the organ continues to keep up the same mechanism in accordance with the demands on its activity. Further, during the entire period of vigorous manhood the brain, like the muscles. may be taking on some addi tional growth either as a whole or in special parts, new tissue being developed and kept up by the nutritive process." Here is a lesson which we of the present generation would do well to study, lest we suffer our children to believe in error, for it will grow up with them as part of the brain sub- stance, and be difficult of eradication even under the subsequent stimulus of culture and greatly increased knowledge which is advancing with giant strides. Theories of heaven and hell were taught us in childhood which still cling to the many like the ghost stories of the nursery. But visions of heaven and hell would be of no avail as religious in- ducements without a future conscious per- sonal life ; and a future life would be useless without immortality with its eternal joys and torments. We have grown up to manhood in the full belief in their truth and reality. But the materialist instructed in natural science demands proof that what he is asked to be- lieve is founded in truth and that his faith is verifiable by putting the question to nature through experimental physical research. Materialism simply means the avowal of ignorance as to the supernatural ; and agnosticism, which is its newest form, means, according to its Greek derivation—without knowledge. The agnostic waits for some thing certain, which he finds only in the physical phenomena around him, and in the unchanging forces of nature. Mr. Cook knows how to solve all difficult and impossible problems as theologians and metaphysicians have ever done when their knowledge, but not their wits, failed them, by referring all the forces of nature to the Divine will This only pushes these mighty questions one step further back. But Mr. Cook, like his pre- decessors in controversy, and in the subtle logic of metaphysics, fails to prove the exis- tence of the Divine will. And after all what is will according to our present human knowledge of psychology ? It is not a force or an entity having a separate existence from the body. It is simply the action of the brain on the living tissues of the body, directing and effect- ing the co-ordination of the several parts of the man necessary to produce motion and thought in accordance with some striving and dominant desire. It is in short one of the functions of the brain dependent on the con- stitution and healthy condition of the brain, and limited by the nature and form of the organism. A blind man cannot will to see, nor an animal without legs or wings to walk or to fly. So an inferior animal with an in- ferior brain development can only think and reason and will imperfectly. A divine will is a new god, the creation of the human mind, which likes to magnify itself. It is the last attempt of modern metaphysics to refine away the anthropomorphism of the personal God of religious faith. The pious theist must worship something, and it relieves him from the cumbrous and mystical conception of a personal God with infinitely magnified human attributes.— 