HOW WE SEE GHOSTS. A 00PBHs»0lfDBNT of Ths St. James's Gazette, who signs himself ' A Believer in Spirits,' ex plains tho theory of ghosts in the following clear and explicit manner : ' A few evenings ago I waa sitting in an armohair jhortly before midnight, when I saw two ghosts— not simulta neously, but one after the other. I should state that during the day I. had drunk nothing but a bottle of Bass's pale ale at lunoheon, two glassea of brandy and sodawater in the course of the afternoon, one bottle of burgundy nnd a half bottle of sherry at dinnmr, and' was finishing up with a glass or, two of whisky-and- water before retiring to rest. I was finishing my third glass whon I became conscious of a ' presence ' in the room. Lifting my eyca from tho tumbler, I distinctly saw my deceased father standing be fore me. His appearance exactly resembled that which he ibore in life, and, forgetting for the moment that he was no longer in existence, I expressed my pleasure *t Boeing him,, and ventured to ask him for some slight peouniary assistance. Almost before I nad time to nnisb. my rpqunat, the phantom, or whatever it waB, hastily vanished; and another unexpected visitor appeared in the shape of one of my aunts, who died many years ago under rather molanoholy oircumsta^ces— having lost her life from tho effeote of injuries she roceived during a short .eoufflo for a seat in a chapel with another old lady belonging, like herself, to a sect known, if I remember right, aa the Yarmouth Bloaters, or some ouch name (my memory ia not so good as it was formerly). Howevor,.thbre wob my aunt, looking sad .and stern aB of old ; and so perfeot was the illusion that I almost instinotively aikod her, aB I had asked my father, for tho loan of a few pounds. To my surprise, she too made a hurried depar. ture, gliding, bo far as I could make out, from the north to the sou'-aou'-west corner of tho room, nnd disappearing through tho wall. Ovorcomo by thia second visitation I appear to havobeoomo insensible, for I ramembor nothing more ; but roy cook told mo on the following morning that she heard the noise of a heavy body falling, about the time tho ghoBts appeared. A chair was Also found brokan in the room, and some trilling artioles of crockery wore ?mashed.' 4 heavy wind and. hail atorm passed ovor Graf ton on tho 5th, instant. Several barne wore unroofed, the veranda of a small house waB blown down, and a horse was killed by lightning. . ° [ 