The Adviser TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 21, 1882. The result of the crushings of stone from what may be called the two leading gold mines in South Australia, are extremely encouraging to all who feel a deep interest in die progress of the colony, aad have some faith in its auriferous resources. From die Bird-in-Hand mine nearly 410 ozs. of gold, worth over £1,600, have been taken out of 280 tons uf average stone. More would have been crushed but for the water difficulty. The thick muddy fluid was injuring the boiler, aud beyond doubt must have carried away some of tlie fine gold. But the mine is not in a part of the country where the drought is likely to be very prolonged, aud besides what may be expected fn?ui the winter's rains there will be plenty of water in tlie shafts if they are carried down t<? any groat depth. The return is a sploiulid one, cstiecially Considering tiuit the stonu was not picked. The yield was al?«iut li o/.s. to the ton, or five times wiiat Would he sufficient in Victoria to uiake a reef dividend-paying. We ate assured thai the reef is getting larger with greater depth, aud tluit there is every appearance of a lasting supply of stone containing the precious metal. It is to l>e hoped that the favorable auticl|Kiti<>ns of the sliare- Iftilders will ite fully realised. M'uiiv persons believe iliat lasting reefs do not txist in the Mount Lofty rang«\ imt that the country l?ei!ig mouutaiuou* aud broken, the atuifrrous deposits, whether in .ilhivi.i! or in tho r.ick. m'!J .i!n-;iys l?c found only in patche:-; or U?;i.s, \v.ii«-li, uin-n worked oi!t, wili le;ui to ii.tihiiig umiv. The history of Rome of out* tniiiitig veii<iin-i fav^ra this iheorv. l?u* on the othef hand it must be remetu* Uercd that the trials have not l?eeii eutticitnt to prove dial it i?- correct. When a reel" is losl in thin culouy the shareholders instead of trying to strike it again %re i^eivied «ith * iKtnic avnd suar^nd operations, and then, as an excuse for their want of pluck and enterprise, pro fens a conviction that there are n.? true leefs in the lulls. "Should the Bird ;n-Haud turu out to be a lasting mine, a? it gives rich promise of being, of course it will not be the only one in these hills, and reefs in various parts of the rauge will in all probability lie worked with profit Virile it is wrong to assume that there arc wo true lasting reefs in the Mount Lofty range, generally speaking Victorian gold reefers, and persons of similar expe rience, and observation in other lauds, prefer a more regular country; and those who ltavc seen the Waukaringa district tliink very highly of it. Here the drought , lias Ijeen a great hindrance, and not > sufficient water for stamping opera" | tions lias yet lieen obtained by sinking. ; At the Alma there has l?een a small ] washing u{>, and with this the slutre holders must for the present Ite cou tcutcd, for it would l>e the height of folly to go on stamping with muddy water so thick tliat it must infallibly cany away the very tine gold. Seventy tons, how ever, have been put through the batteries, and 42 ozs. of gold wene obtained j but the manager is of opinion that there are 40 oza. left on the copper tables, which it would be unwise to clean off, as it would take the same quantity of gold to charge tile tables again for crushing and amalga mating purposes. According to this re port over aa ounce of gold to the ton was obtained from " stone from four different heaps delivered at the battery." A great amount of disappointment and sore feel ing has been caused by the delay in getting a Urge crushing bom this mine. The manager was certainly blamable in out hopes without sufficient justification, but neither the delay in crushing, nor anything that has yet transpired, warrants any loss of faith in the mine it?elf or the auriferous coun try in which it is situated. The grum bling has come from speculators on 'Change, and they must learn thai mining is not carried on for their benefit, but for the genuine development of mines and the good of bona fide shareholders. If the reefs turn out well, the speculators who arc holding shares will of course reap their liarvest, but they cannot reasonably expect to guide operations, and must be content just to watch patiently the progress of work with its results at the reefs. The next stage in the development of gold reefing in South Australia will be the payment of dividends. Tliis has lteen going on for some time iv Tasmania, where for many years the pros pect of having payable reefs seemed as hopeless as it has to most people in this colony. There is now no reason to sup pose tliat we sliall not lave dividend paying gold-bearing reefs in South Aus tralia, and if we have one or two profitable claims we sliall have many others. This will l?c the commencement of a new era of prosperity for this province, and will do much tt> console us for the sad reality of Goyder 8 line of rainfall, and the aban donment €>f farming in tlie most northern areas. Old-fashioned people are too apt to associate gold mining with tierce excitement, great risk, extreme uncer tainty, and almost constant disappoint ment. The ejq>erieiic*s of the last thirty years in California and Australia has, however, pretty nearly dissipated these notions. Keeling and even deep alluvial sinking are settled occupations, requiring capital, knowledge, and skill for their successful prosecution. Unlike the fever ish life of the digger they are genuine mining, just as much so as if copper or tin instead of the most precious of metals were the object of search, and there is nothing more to excite a prospector or a shareholder in the discovery of a reef yielding three-ounce stone than in fiudiug a Burra or a Moonta. It is worth re membering too that there are in the value of gold none of those fluctuations that make copper mines so precarious an in vestment. The precious metal is not liable to fall in price 20, ."JO. and 40 per cent., so causing moat of the mines to l?e closed, aud throwing thousands of liard-working men out of employ ment. In Victoria there are l."?,0d0 or 10,093 quartz miners, and when one cotisidei-s tliat the greater proportion of these men liave families, and that the mines give work to a vast number of carters, woodcutter, machinists, iiv«n founders, and other tradesmen an! workmen, some idea may be formed of the value of this industry to a country, and of how large a proportion «,f the population it supports directly or in directly. Hitherto in this colony vr c have merely scratched at goM mining. Iv "Victoria they go down 1,000 feet, 1,-"?0.1 feet, and 2,000 feet, and if the reef is gone tlrrongh sinking and driving are con tinued till it is found again. Sometimes company after company works a mine and is wound up, and the last one wins the prize that rewards faith and perseverance. The uo-liability system facilitates mining enterprise of the healthiest kind, as it enables any shareholder to retire from a mining speculation at any moment when his circumstances render it desirable for him to do so, or when he considers it a fraud or a huge mistake. Perhaps the mistake is on his part, and iv tliat case when he forfeits his shares any one with more wisdom or of a mure hope ful disposition may purchase them for about the price of the last call, and so aid in carrying on the work. It is essential to the successful prosecution of gold mining here tliat we should have the very best machinery, and managers who thoroughly understand the work they undertake to supervise and direct. Most of our failures in tlie past !\ave been due to inattention t<> these requisites ; but ii is to be hoped t'lat bygone errors will lie avoided in future, and then there can be little doubt lliat South Australia will h_? fairly included among the gold- pr.'dujiiiij countries of tlie world. To those, in this country a-.ijiiKiiit.-d with the l'<>y;il Polytechnic Institution in London tlu- uchs <?f its iiecent failure as ft placeof puljlicaniuseineiit will lie.ivceiivil withnegret- The Polytechnic wa*««rkciu;iUy established nearly forty yoars siiiiv, with the object <tf -[mimlarisinj; science l?y ivn dfriug in a inanaor ciMuiuohoiisiw t«i the multitude an exfmsitioii of its various laws and woiidevs. Tliai o'.ijoi-t w.n realised. The «?i?aoi"?s huilding in Regent-street, with its grand ami In-il lialitly illuminated central hil! aui galleiies, oontainiiu: ej;;iiii]ilf< ««f ill* latest iiieclb-inic-il and ol'ilt inven tions, was constantly tiUwl with aa admiring and wondering tr-m-d. The featuresof the entertainment then were so ditterent fixmi the pi«gianiuie?of any other place of amusement in the niel«?|?<?lis — the Adelaide Gallery, which it ?.?n eclipsed, exceptcd—that the estihlisii nient was not subjected to that fluctuation in tlie numijer of it? visitors to wiiidi the ordinary theatiie oi- oiiewlio'use is. \t morning and evening entertainment* alike the tlirong eagerly strove for admis sion to the ball of many sciences where instruction and amusement awaited them. To children the Polytechnic ever afforded especial attractions. The descent in tlie diving bell into tlie sparkling water of the artificial reservoir ; the suiiaqueous movements of the diver in full diving dress ; the marvellous polyoptixm ; the electric uiacliines; the automata1";-* and the dissolving views—all combined to produce a stirring effect on tlie youthful imagination. But what rendered the exhibition the rage for a time was the introduction of tlie optical illusions pro duced bj Mr. F'eppor. There were compara tively few persons in Liondon at that thus who did not avail themselves of die op. portuiiity of seeing wliat was termed " Professor Pepper's Ghost."' The pro fessor's lectures—especially those on chemistiy—and experiments, formed the principal attraction at the institution for a long time; and together with the enter tainment, brimful of legendary lore and music, provided by the versatile George Buckland, rendered it the most popular in London. It is a matter of surprise that an insti tution with so bright a past should lose ita I>opularity; and it is difficult to divine the reason why the public, after having lavishly bestowed tiie favor of its support for so many years, should now withdraw it. It may be that the increasing sensa tionalism of the day, developed under the fostering care of modern dramatists and writers, lias bo far perverted the taste of the public as to render insipid that which was once healthily agreeable and entertaining. Or, perhaps, the numerous wonderful inventions of the past few years have bo accustomed the people to wondet? and surprises as to dull the edga of their appetite for the intellectual pro- Tender supplied by the directorate of tha hall of science in Regent-street On the other hand, the fault may rest with the directorate rather than with tlie public It is unquestionable that the directors of the Polytechnic liave of late yean de parted from the lines laid down by the founders. They liave not kept pace with the rapid stride* of modern scientists. Through some mis understanding between them and him, they unwisely allowed Professor Pepper to sever his connection with the institution as a constant lecturer. From the day—it is now several years ago—that thepro fessor retired may be dated the decline of the exhibition. It was difficult, in fact impossible, to supply his place. Mr. J. L. King, who followed bun, though an able lecturer, possessed neither the reputation nor the inventive faculty of his predecessor. Bereft, by the loss of so eminent an ex lierimentalist as the inventor of "Tlie Ghost," of tlie power to maintain the prestige of the institution, the directors sought to supply the vacuum by intro ducing into their programmes perfor mances of a character different from that of any previously presented to tlie public, whose appreciation of the change may be tested by its disastrous results. A diffi culty was at first experienced hi disposing of the building. When put up for sale by auction in December last, the highest bid did not reach the reserve piice, consequently it was bought in; and it was hoped tliat it would ultimately be purchased by a company desirous of re suscitating the old exhibition, aud carry ing it on in a spirit more in accordance with the demands of legitimate science; but since then the structure has found purchasers, and it is understood that it will now be used for an entirely different purpose than that for which it was origi nally destined. PRtzE-FraHiufe las happily gone pretty welloutofdate. Itncrergotmuchfootboldin South Australia, and for the sake of humanity it is to be hoped it never wifl. The organised attempt %> cany oat a fight— supposed to have l>ecn a prize fight—?t Uuderdalc on Sumla> .morning was frustrated by the watchfulness of the police; and the principals and their abettors had to pay a fine at th^Police Court yesterday for their folly. It is to be hoped tLat the lesson will have a salutary ettect, and will act as a deterrent to this Jiiri of tiling. There is one aspect of the |.nu-eed ings however to which it seems desji .;i>ie to call attention. It appears that the police were informed beforehand of the time and place of the intended fight, and quite ? posse of constables were in hiding for four or five hours before the combatants were or. the scene. They allowed all the usual preli minaries of such occasions to be gone through, and the two men to fight about sir rounds. Then they suddenly pounced upon and arrested them. Probably they take credit for having prevented a prize-fight, and expect the public to give them credit for it. But as a matter of fact they did not prevent it at all. They allowed it to proceed for some minutes. The fight, though not carried out, was begun ; and begun in the eyes of the police, when it might have been altogether prevented. Perhaps it is not easy to fathom the official mind in regard to the duty of the police; but most plain folk suppose that they exist quite as much for the prevention of crime and wrong-doing as for the detection and punishment of it. There are cases, uo doubt, in which the police can only effec tually prevent crime by watching till some crime is done. In cases of stealing, for example, the professional rogue can onlyhave his malpractices effectually checked by being taken in the act of pocket-picking, if that be his particular department of the profes sion. It is exceedingly desirable for the sake of public security that the pickpocket sViov.ld W placed in safe keepings and, more over, civilisation will not tolerate his being: imprisoned on mere suspicion. Bat this case of fighting is quite a different affair. There was no very special necessity that these tnea should 1*? imprisoned or fined. Probably they ordinarily live on fair terms with tlie public at large: and in any case the public •locs not gain any particular security from them hating been fined. If a couple of liolicemen liad h<y>n dispatched tn the scene, and had been found walking about the ground when the men arrived, the light would have Ijoeu altogether prevented, then and there at least. It will l«e said that the men might have arranged for another time and place of meeting: which is true. But so they mly imiw. Tli.-y would have had to elude tiie poli<* liefiirc the fight could take place; but it ran still lake place as soon a* the |K?lice «.-jm lie chtdo!. Indeed it appaars it can take place under pnesout police arrangements without eluding the polioe at all -only it can not Ik> fought out to the end. If the police can proven! crime they may be quite content. In one sense they were as much parties to the ciininienccnicnt of the fight as some of the .mkxikoi-s whom they arrested. Merely to have shown themselves would hare prevented the disgraceful proceedings; for " How oft the sight of means to do ill-deeds makes ill tiot-ds done." There is another con sideration that ought not to be overlooked, viz., the possibility of the course adopted by the police having allowed the fight to end in the serious injury, or death, of one of the combatants. Supposing in the second round one of the two men had received • fatal Wow, with ten or a doaen poUccmAgloolring on from behind vines and fence* inwimaediate neighborhood: What would the jMiblic hare •aid* Even granting that considering the, men had planned a breath of the peace.it ires desirable to punish them, the police might have stopped the boxers at the first Mow, instead of waiting until sis rounds were fought. The course pursued by the con servators of order t,ugjf«ts the suspicion th-tt they rather enjoyed watching the combat, ami had they dared would have ?>een slid t? wait for the conclusion of the sivtk'th round instead of the sixth. : Tlio H.M.f>. Assam, from dalle, pas«ci < u| c Horda at HUt'i p.m. on Monday. , The Treasurer (Hou. I.avin~ton Gly.lc) 1.-ft ' for Melbourne on a private visit on ftfondiy afterr.o n. Tic < 'ommigHioner of Crown L-inds has ' reemed the resignatiwvt of the Hun. B. T. ■ r'iituixs anil Mr. ti. McKwin, J.P., as mem- . l>er> of the Forest Board. ! The international cricket match at Sydney was continued on Monday when the English- : turn finished their second innings for a total of SB, leaving the Combined Team 109 runs to ftct to win. The Combined Team com merced their second innings rather badly having lost two of their best batsmen for a total of 35. A correspondent informs us that a very rich reef, showing gold freely in the stone, has been struck at a distance of about one mile from the Echunga mine, by Mr. James Good \--son and nitty. The reef is from three to four feet thick. We learn from the report of the works committee to the City Council on Monday I hut io aen-ordance with section W of the t'-ora- IKinjV Act, notice has \r.: n upon the Glcnclg Railway Company to remove their shells from their present site on South-terrace. A boy named Patrick Fitzgerald, nine years of age, living at Dalkey, was taken to the Adelaide Hospital on Monday morning,. February 20, suffering from a fracture of the right thigh, which was caused by the falling off a heavy tree upon the limb. A public reception to the Rev. F. W. Bourne, deputation to the Bible Christian Churches in this colony from the London Conference, is to be given in the Town Hall on Wednesday evening, when a banquet, at which Hia Honor the Chief Justice is to pre side, will take plaoe. It appears, from what His Worship the Mayor stated at the meeting of the City Council on Monday that the erection of the Alorphett-street overway bridge cannot be proceeded with at present because of the want of draftsmen, for whom the Government liave recently sent to England. The persona concerned in the prize-fight at I'ndcrdale on Sunday morning last were brought before Mr. Beddome at the Ade laide Police Court on Monday. The princi pals (Keardon and Nurse) were fined £"? each, Morris for aiding and abetting had to pay £2, and the rest of the prisoners for the name offence were fined SI each. The mayor informed Alderman Madge at the meeting of the City Council on Monday that there wa? no by-law or regulation com pelling medical men to report caaes at typhoid fever or other infectious diseaae, and that it was optional with the doctor* to report the • ins which came under their notice to the Central or Local Board of Health. liur Montrt Gambirr telegrams state that it is rumored at that town that the ship iSolnaon, from Melbourne to London, has been wrecked on the south-eastern twist, the top of a trunk on which are painted the words "T. J. Proctor, passenger, Sobraon," having been found at the Carpenter Bvm&s; by the contractor fcr the erection of the Cape Northumberland lighthouse. Messrs. Henniog^Broce, & AMridge ad \ertisc the sale on l^cdneaday next of aome mujolicavare and other works of art now on view at their martin Grenfell'street. Some of the articles to be disposed of are uncom mon and of superior quality, and we are in formed that similar manufactures made by the same maker* at their man«factory at Aix-U-ChapeOe, in France, realised high prices" at the late Melbourne Exhibition. It will be remembered that at the la meeting of the City Council a memorial was .' pretested complaining of the nuisance which J existed in connection with the premises ocsu- .; pied by the Booth Australian Fishing Com- I itany. The health officer was instructed to ! inspect the premises, and on Monday he ; handed is a report to the effect that the pre- ' pise* were kept as clean as possible, and in a thoroughly satisfactory state. One of the shopkeepers in the vicinity said the only nuisance was caused by the removal of fish which had gone bad during the night. ! Mr. E. V. O. Muecke, the manager of the ' National Bank of Australasia at Giwler, j died suddenly on Monday evening, February • tsl. Tl:e health of the deceased gentleman I had not been good fur some little time, bat it i was not anticipated that any fatal result j would follow his illness. He had bjen , niffericg from inflammation of the lungs, and ' had been under treatment by Dr. Dj.wj& During the afternoon of Monday he had been in Murray- street, and afterwards at hia home ulajing- the piano. At the time he died— half-past .') o'clock—he wa" lying down. A complaint was made at the City Council meeting on Monday, by Councillor Bichard *on, regarding the conduct of some prosti tutes in Morney-street, who, he stated, were M.raetimcs to be seen in the street in broad daylight in a state of nudity, and who at ot lie v times appeared with only their chemises ■ on. He asked if there was any corporation by-law preventing prostitutes from congre gating in the streets to the annoyance of respectable citizens, and was met with a reply in the negative, and recommended to bring the matter under the notice of the police. A very sal accident happened to a news raper runner named Edward Thomas, in front of the Aitrert'tt'.r Offices, on Monday evening, February 23l Thomas, who is nine years of ape, was leaning against a post at the corner of X ing William and Waymonth streets, with one of his arms thrown over the top of the post, when a heavy dray, belonging to Mr. Fitzgerald, of Colunu-street, and levied with garbage, was driven so sharply round the comer, that the near wheel came against the post and smashed the extended arm. The lad wb6 immediately picked up by a constable, placed in a cab, and driven to the hospital, whet c he is progressing favorably. A meeting of shareholders in the Adelaide, Payneham, and Paradise Tramway Company took place in the Arbitration-room of the Exchange on Monday, February 20. There was a numerous attendance. . Mr. J. F. Wigley occupied the chair. The solicitor to the company read the articles of association, which were passed, and five directors were appointed, namely, Messrs. J. F. Wirfey, J. , C Lovely, C. H. T. Hart,T. BaUantyne, and W. Ever.ird, at a remuneration of 10*. per member for each member present at each meeting. The February Criminal Sittings of the Supreme Court will be commenced on Tues day morning, February 2L before Mr. Justice Andrews. The following cases are on the list f*r trial on that day:—Cornelius Gould, Joseph Thompson, and Thomas Williams, stealing from Use person; William Hmith, hotiFebreaking: Samuel Lee, forgery; James. McDonnell, indecent aaaault; Chriatof Hart wig, horwatealing; David Harris, stealing from the person; Johanna Mullins, man slaughter ; Joseph George Anderson, indecent as>ault; George Davis, stealing in adweiliag house; Ltwit Pcnnington, larceny. Home of the members of the City Council thought they had virtually disposed of the matter of the designs for the new city baths at th*> committee meeting which was held hist Tuesday, but the whole subject ru re discussed on Monday, and at length it *« resolved that the minute referring to the de aigns should be referred back to the com mittee for reconsideration The principal point which will be dealt with at the raeetin* to be held to-day will be whether the archH tcrts should be called upon to provide speci fications so that tender* may be invited an-i proof afforded whether the designs can be cai ri?d out for £10,000. A wriouK accident occurred to two women who were driving from Lyndoch into (Jawler on Saturday, February 18. It appears that Mrs. Dahlemberjf and Mrs. Schumann were ri l>a--<-d Sandy Creek, when the horxe va* titan led by Dome goats that were on the side of the road. The animal at once shied, and ran off to the other side, and coming into cgi, I act with a poxt the carl w*h wrecked, an the two women were thrown violently to the ground. They were brought info Gawler, and Haced under the care of Dr. Duwps, who diHrowred that Mr*. Schumann was suffering fiom a broken leg and Mrs. Dablembergfrom a ''">«en arm. The witfcrem were both otherwise severely shaken. "The *o?n clerk of Adehvdc has been au homed to Uke all the necessary rteps to have ihe vacant blocks of Uad in the city fijlL*B •OOI> ■"poB-rible. Arewhitioi was rawed maw time ago to the effect that ?iJf-Js^?' * ?«?*?? not complied with and the town clerk waa not authorised to carry outthe work. The whote^ce^of ■en-uw notice* will have to lie aiainWc th,wi«\ll?djaie town clerk i, tiowTrniSed with authority to carry out the work in case* where the notion are not complied with, and to recover the cost from the owner* of the kind. The dispute between the City Cornell and the Central Board of Health reapectterChe proposed rite for the smallpox hbaptuf hZ now aasmned a new aspect, oar civic repre ?entaUv« evidently having come to the eo? \--clusion, tint matters nhould be arrawnd pietsanthr, if possible. The following is the ropy of fin minute respecting Hie smaUpot hospital appearing in the health committee's report, which was adopted:—"Committe after much discussion on this subject in stituted the town clerk to communicate with the Central Board of Health and request them to meet and confer with the local board as to the best site for a hospital of this kind." Harvest thanksgiving services were held in St. John's t'hurch, Norton's Summit, on Sunday, February 1!'. The church was tastefully dccorate-l, fruit, flowers, and vegetables, bring well represented, the jtrrjUJgcmcrt of wSidi tvflevted credit on the ladies of the cotunvgation, sonic of whom did not finish their labor of love until nearly midniglit on Saturday. .The afternoon ser vice was conducted liy the Hey. M. Honnf r, 1 when special i>salnn. hymns &c;, were given { l?v the choir under the leadership of Mr. S. V. Pizey (t>ryanistK in a manner which left i little to" lie desired. At CampttelHawn al in the evening special s This church was also profusely decorated. I At l>oth services the t-ongregationi seetucl heartily to join in the spirit of the day. Those who have had doubts as to the sub stantial native of the tar pavement which has been put down in the various streets of the city, will doubtless be somewhat comforted by the assurance given by the city surveyor to the council, at their meeting on Monday, to the effect that he is ef opinion that o:ir pavements are equal to those he has recently seen laid down in Melbourne. The surveyor recommended that during the present year 34.IJCH square yards of tar paving should be hud down, the distribution being as follows :— Gawler Ward, 5,673 squaiv yards; Hind marsh Ward, ?\272 square yards; Grey Ward, 5,703 square yards; Young Ward, 5,703 square yards; Robe Ward, 3,680 square yards; and McDonnell Ward. *fJt square yards. This list will be considered at the sieeting of the council as a committee of the whole to be held to-day. The members of the Adelaide Fire Brigade were called out for practice at half-past 4 o'clock on Monday morning, February 3a The distinguishing colors of the three horse-reels are—No. f, red; N0.2, white: No. 4, Woe. They are worked by twelve firemen. The reels were called out by telephone, and were all on the ( practice ground, Hutt-atnet, within twenty minutes of the alarm being given from the Police Station to the superintendent. Ho. I (Elder-street) waa third. No. 2 (Hindley street) was second. No. 4 (Archer-street, North Aebtde), was first. After a dose in spection of the reels and implements, the men were put throogb. ladder practice, and a { triangle of ladders was formed by erecting ! three bidders of 20 feet each strengthened at ' the base by placing the pike-poles against ■ them. Three pike-poles were placed at 89 ' feet distance from this triangle, and these red, i white, and Mne poles marked the position the j firemen with the branch pipes were to run to . from the fireplugs. The three companies ' were started by whistle-signal to run off three ! lengths (150 feet) of hose, and play water on ; to the triangle. No. 4 was first to play water, I No. 1 was second, and No. 2 was third. Some • other exercises were also gone through to the ! satisfaction of the superintendent. j Mr. E. Gower, S.M., held an enquiry at Edithburgh on Monday, February 13, into , the cause of a fire by which a wine store, i stock, and stable, belonging to Mr. J. B. Ives, had been burned. Mr. J. Gnuchank ; attended on behalf of the Northern Insurance t Company, in which the property was insured. | It appeared that Mr. Alderhoven, a butcher, i who lives next door to Mr.tves',got up at 2 o'clockonthe morning of Saturday, February ' II for a drink of water, when he heard a > crackling noise outside. He looked out and ! saw the flickering of a fire towards { Ives' premises. He went out imme- < diatfly and saw that Mr. Ives' wine store { was on fire. No one being about he gave the i alarm. Mr. Ives and his children then came t out, and a few people gathered round the i premises. There were several explosions, i and the color of the fire was that ef spirits ' horning. At 10 o'clock on the previous night ; Mr. Ives was in the spirit room, and every thing appeared right then. He had no light , with him, and he kept no matches in the store. He did not think the fire could have originated by accident, but thought it must have been caused -wilfully. A few days pre- ) viously he had had a case in court against a i lad named Shearer, and Shearer's father then j said that he would teach Mr. Ives to issue sum- I monsestoboys. Sheareralao said that he would ' make it " hot for him." If it had not been for !j i a good supply of water two or three houses I would have been burnt down. There had I been a fire in the same neighborhood a little ■ time before, but not much damage was done ; on that occasion. Lance-corporal Incc examined the premises and could find nothing that would throw light on the origin of the fire. The verdict of the jury was—"That ; there is no evidence to show how the fire ' [ originated." They added a rider, urging the ! , adviseableness of the Government providing j a tank to supply water in case of need. j The result of the crashing in connection ! with the Bird-in- Hand (told Mining Company i has proved of a very satisfactory character, i During the past four weeks 290 tons of average stone have been put through the , stampers, and have yielded 413 ounces li? ; pennyweights and 9 grains of retorted gold, ' the assay showing its value to be £t 18s. lOJd. I ' per ounce. It was at first intended to put i through 300 tons of stone, but when 29) tons ' hadbeencnishedthewaterhadbccomesodirty ' through constant use that operations had to { be stopped in order to prevent serious damage ' to the boiler. There are now 20 tons of ; stone lying at the battery, the yield from • which is expected to be about three ounces to ! the ton. The gohL which is in ingots, was j shown in Mr. Hugo Fischer's window on Monday afternoon, and will again be on view j to-day. The directors have now such con- j fidence in their mine that they have ordered I the extra five head of stampers from the I Langlands Foundry Company, for which provision bad already been made. The new stamps will be delivered in less than two weeks from date. One of the directors of the company has now gone to Victoria to obtain a mining manager who is versedin the newest modes of gold-saving, and special machinery for this purpose will soon be ordered when the best availabledescription has been decided on. That such is.necessary will be evident from the subjoined report of Mr. A. Thoma«,F.C.S.: " I have made easeful assays and anaiyaes of the samples you brought me with the follow ing results. Before stating them it is neces- j sary to mention that the assays, *c, were all made on dried samples, the tailings, as I ■ received them, containing 17 per cent, of ! water. Thinking you would like to know I whether the battery was doing its work dean I or not, I amalgamated two (2) pounds of the j tailings with a large excess of mercury, using | hot water and caustic soda, and rubbing weQ ! in an iron mortar, I only obtained the color j of gold. I next made a fire assay from the : tailings from the last process, and obtained a small pill of gold equal to2oz. Bdwt. 7 gr. ! per ton. I may mention there was a con- ' siderable amount of iron pyrites visible, both in that and the black sand, which was assayed by fire and found to contain 1G oz. Hi dVt. I U) gr. per ton. The black sand was washed, ! butdid not lose much, there being but little ' free sand or quartz present. Tailings from : battery-cold per ton kept back by the pyrites, 2 oz. Sdwt. 7 gr. ; Mack sand, gold kept back by the pyrites, l£oc Uidwt. lUgr. - It is evident from the above that different treatment must be resorted to to save all or some of the sold which escapes the action of the battery.* The annual meeting of the Equitable Fire Insurance Company was held on Monday afternoon, February 20, at the office of the company, Hmdley-street. There was a good attendance, ILISB share! being represented. Mr. F. J. batting, JJ?. (chairman of directors), presided. The report of the directors set out that the increased competi j tton in insurance business had reduced pre -1 mianu to no low a rate as to have diminished ! the receipts by about 20 per cent., bat the ; total risks had likewise been reduced about \ 9 per cent, The Urge amount of capital in i the colony available for investment at low ' rates had caused a slight diminution in the : interest account of the company, but as a set- Off against the diminution on premiums and interest receipts the directors reported a , reduction in the amount paid for tire losses and the cost of management. The financial i statement showed a net profit of Ct.724 55., ] which, less an interim dividend paid in | August, left an available balance of £2,03U Us. So. put of th« the directors rtcinV mended the payment of the customary divi dend of 15 per cent., and this would leave a balance of 4349 ss. Bd., which would inererc ! the accumulated undivided profits to 114,.Tt' 14s. 4d. There werel^Tipoliciesnowcnrreut! * amounting in the aggregate to £&!,441 oi ' Bd., and averaging &>SI 12s. 4d. each. Of ; the total amount of risk £32,011 "h. «^, n . ' innured. The chairman, in moving the | adoption of the report, apologised for the absence of his co-directors, and explained that Mr. W. K. Simms, who was on the board, would return to the colony very shortly. He considered that under the circumstances the business done by the company had been of a very satisfactory nature. In answer to Mr. T. Porter he said he certainly thought the directors were justified in paying a dividend at the rate of IS pn-cent, when they had such a large undivided surplus. Mr. Porter seconded the motion, which was agreed to. The financial statement having been adopted, the Hon. L. Glyde, M.P., and Mr. Bottimr were, in the absence of opposition, re-elected directors. Mr. J. F. Couigrave, J.P., asked whether there wan nothing in the articles of association to deal with the attendance of director*, ma he noticed one director bad been atwf?t from the colony for aome time. The chairman said the directors were onlypaM for each meeti?g they atteaded,aKd far TCasMs be £aye to the meeting, he mid the board did not consider it worth while to nominate another director. Messrs. A. H. Beyer and D. Kekwick were re-elected auditors. The re muneration of the directors and auditors having been fixed as formerly, the necessary motion for the payment of the dividend was carried, and the meeting terminated. A number of the members of the Port Ade laide Karly Closing Association met the prin cipal local employers in the schoolroom of Kt. Paul's Church, Port Adelaide, on Monday evening, February 'JO, to try to effort some arrangement for an earlier dosing of places of business than at present prevails. The Rev. J. C. Kirby, who presided, said the assistants chiefly wanted the hours of. busi ness on Saturday to t>e curtailed. He called particular attention to the female assistants, who were no doubt liable to be physically and mentally in jured by staying so long in business estab lishments during every day of the week with out having any time to themselves. He reminded the employers tliat they were merely servants of the public in a way. and if it was generally thought outside that ttte hours of business were too long they should curtail them. The secretary to the association (Mr. J. P. Mitchell) read a number of letters from employers. They all expressed sympathy with the movement except tm-o, one of whom was ready to close early, as soon as the Ade laide tradesmen led the way. The other dissenting employer was Mr. G. Crocker Smith, who said be did not see his way clear to alter his business arrangements. Mr. H. Davis, on behalf of the assistants, stated that what they wanted was that the employers should close at 6 o'clock on ordinary days, and 8 o'clock on Saturday, instead of <£30 and II o'clock respectively. Mr. V. Jones (Jones BrosU remarked that bethought those who now closed at 8 o'clock on ordinary days should he induced to shut up earlier and keep pace with those who had for some time been closing at 6JO, before anything was attempted with the latter. He was, however, in favor of early closing, though at present they should commence with say 9 o'clock on Saturdays, Mr. Murray (Murray & Co.) was strongly of opinion that places of business should be closed earlier, but with regard to Satur days be considered that Adelaide should lead the way in the matter. Mr. Z. Jones said there would, he thought, be no difficulty about closing at C o'clock on weekdays and 10 o'clock on Saturdays, and these hours could be shortened after the A^tfl*i*i^ houses shortened their hours of business. At present they were gradually drifting into working on Sundays. A motion to the effect that a deputation of the asso ciation wait upon the employers to ask them to close at the hours named was then moved by Mr. Z. Jones and seconded. Air. T. G. Smith moved as an amendment —" That the hours be at 7 o'<-loek on ordinary evenings and !• o'clock on Saturdays, and that the shops be all dosed at 2 o'clock on Wednesday afternoon." Hs thought the assistants wonld prefer the hilf holiday to an extra half-hour or so in the j evening. Of course the matter rested prin cipally with the customers, who should if possible make their purchases earlier than they did at present. At the suggestion of the chairman both proposals were withdrawn, and it was resolved to consider each point separately. Mr. T. G. Smith moved—"That the hour for closing on Saturdays be 9 ?"dock." Tbe motion was seconded, but an amendment was carried to the effect that tile hour be ten o'clock. Mr. Lumbers then moved—"That the grocers' aid drapers' establishment dose at 2 o'clock on Wednesdays." Mr. T. G. Smith seconded, bat the motion was lost by one vote. Mr. Man-ay moved—"That 6 o'clock be the time for closing on all days except Satur days," The motion was carried. It was of course understood that the resolution* would have to be agreed to also by those employer* not present before the alterations could be effected. A concert is to be given at Glenelg tliii evening by the Concordia Band. An entertainment will be held in St. John's schoolroom this evening, in consequence of the success of the entertainment given there last week. A meeting of the Amalgamated Society "of Carpenters and Joiners' will be held this evening at the Metropolitan Hall, Grote street. A meeting of shareholders in the Prospect, Kailswortu, and Enfield Tramway Company is to take place in the Exchange Arbitration' room, Pine-street, this afternoon. A general meeting of the South Australian Advertising Company is to be held this morning at the office of the company, Way mouth-etreet. The American circus was again well at tended on Monday evening, when the pro gramme given on Saturday was repeated with success. Smoking we are glad to say was j prohibited, and the different acts gave entire satisfaction to those present. The Norwood Bowing Club rowed off three of its trial four heats on the Torrens Lake, on Monday afternoon, February 20, in the presence of a fair number of spectators. The winaing crews were stroked by BeU, Freeman, and Wood respectively. This evening two more heats will be rowed between Elsdon and Brown, and Sellars and Giffen. Mr. Frederic Maccabe gave one his ! inimitable entertainments in the institute- j ball, Clenelg, on Monday evening, February ! 20\. In recognition of Mr. Maccabe's extra- ' ordinary merit the hall was crowded in every part, many persons who came ia, even before the performance commenced, having to be satisfied with standing room. As on former occasions Mr. Maccabe surprised and de lighted the audience with his wonderful | representations of-characters the most di verse in their attributes, while his ventrilo- l quial efforts were intensely funny, and left little to be desired. The most successful demonstration which has ever been held on die Torrens Lake since the liver was dammed took place on Monday evening, February 3). It was intended as a compliment to the captain and officers of the German man-of-war CaroU, and when it is mentioned that it was originated and carried out by the Mayor of Adelaide, it is hardly necessary to add that everything was en rvjle. A regular procession of boats, gaily lighted op with Chinese lanterns, passed uj. and down the river between the City and Mor pfaett-street bridges several times, and the members of the Liedertafel and Quartet Verein gave a number of vocal selections, to the evident satisfaction of the immense num ber of people who lined the banks of the lake. The Military Band, from a point of vantage, also discoursed instrumental music in admirable style. A supper, at which sixty persons sat down, was held at Long's boat shed, and speeches were made in which the German visitors and the empire they represent were warmly eulogised. The pro ceedings were kept up until a tolerably late hour. Mr. WivelTs latest additions to his Art Gallery include some really good pictures which have recently arrived from England, and which, are well worth an inspection. The principal one is an oil painting by Grison, entitled " The Cooks at Fault.^ The scene represents two French cooks indulging in dis i sipationattheeipenseofanevidentiyncglcct^d dinner. One of the defaulters is sitting by his table asleep, while the other is draining . a bottle that evidently contains something : stronger than tea, the nnprepared victual-! meanwhile being in a state of unreadiness for the consumption of their owner, who is de ; picted at the entrance of the kitchen in a state of mind more easily imagined than de scribed. The details of the picture are very natorally worked out, while the expressions .on the faces of the principal actors in the domestic drama are admiraMy portrayed. The picture is valued at 3K) guineas, and is framed in a massive and an appropriate manner. " Fontainebleau in the Forest," by Salmonson, is another fine oil painting, and represents a scene in the days of Louis XIV. The foliage of Hie trees, and ' the lights and shades in the well-known forest as the sun creeps in between the foliage and is reflected on the thick herbage beneath, are all well delineated, while the quaint cos tnmes of the courtiers and their ladies, who are disporting themselves beneath the leafy canopies, are appropriate and characteristic. "The Interior of a Dutch Cottage," In Paling, ia a neat work, and mill find favor with those whose travels have made them acquainted the peculiarities of Dutch domestic life. " Kntranee to a French Villa," I>y I'nterberger, a beautifully 1 executed work, deserves notice. The coloring ' in this picture is very good indeed, and as the subject ia an uncommon oue, the work , will proijably be viewed with favor by con -1 nossieurs. "Family Rate," by Caritnn 1 Smith, representing two young girls in the . act of cleaning and polishing some very i antique possessions in the shape of old ) candlesticks, broken crockery, Jtc, is a. i well-studied work, and quite equal in point I of merit to most of the pictures under notice. "Too Hot," by Haynes King, is also an attractive picture. The *cene portrays a young lady feeding her favorite dog, who is anxiously awaiting his repast, which the fair owner finds is too warm for immediate cou snniption. "The two Maggies" by W. 1L Weatherhead, and "Majden with Learned Byes," by Breakspeare, are also attractive works. Two excellent water-color painting* entitled "Patrfumrfc-' and "Moulding-pots," by Carlton Smith and E. Barclay respec tively, deserve special commendation, and there are several other works atont of which are of superior merit. The new additions are undoubtedly valuable, and should attract the attention of Adelaide art critics. 