THE ROMAN CATHOLIC BISHOP AT MOUNT GrAMBIER. We mentioned in our last that the Eight Rev. 0. A. Reynolds, D.D., Roman Catholic Bishop of South Australia, arrived at Mount Gambier on Friday evening. On Sunday morn ing after the service of the mass, His Lordship administered the sacrament of confirmation to 212 candidates from Mount Gambier, Allan dale, and Worrolong. In this service he was assisted by the Revs. M. Hennessy and T. O'Connor. The little church, which has long been too small for the congregation, was crowded to excess- at least an hour before the commence ment of the service, and as the candidates for confirmation arrived a good many of the seniors had to retire to give them room. The young people filled more than two-thirds of the build ing, and the platform before the altar was occupied, about 30 boys being placed there. All the available room near the entrance of the church, the choir, and the vestry, was crammed with the elder members of the congregation, and quite 200 were unable to obtain admission. The heat was very oppressive, and at the close of the service the Bishop took occasion to complain greatly of the severe ordeal they had all to undergo through the want of adequate accommo dation. The male candidates for confirmation, 93 in number, were ranged on the north side of the church, and on the platform in front of the altar j the females, of whom there were HO, on the south side. The young women were mostly dressed in white, with long white tulle ireila thrown over their heads and descending be» low their waist?. The boys were distinguished by a ribbon round the left arm. After mass, in which the Bishop (who was. arrayed in the full vestments of his office) and Fathers Hennessy and O'Connor took part, The Bishop, addressing the candidates for con firmation, said holy Job told them that the life or man on earth was a warfare, and the same truth had been re-echoed by Jesus Christ to His disciples when He said they musttake up His cross aud follow Him. The chief characteristics of a soldier of the cross were suffering and humiliation. By baptism they were made Chris tian^, children of God and heirs of the kingdom of heaven. But God did not allow them to"re mam with this only ; they required another help when they arrived at years of understand ing, and then He stepped in by the same Son who had given them baptism and gave them con firmation. As the word implied this was a giving of strength; by it their baptism was enlarged, strengthened, solidified, so that tbey were able to beat the powers of darkness, whether from within or without. It enabled them to bo good soldierB of.Christ, for in it they received the sevenfold spirit of euch-wisdom, understanding, counsel, fortitude, knowledge, piety, and the fear of the Lord. - If they went back to the time of Christ, they found the disciples fearful and timid, and often did He remind them that when He left them He would send them a Paraclete, who would strengthen them. After the ascension the Holy Ghost descended visibly upon them, and what a change then came over the hearts of those timid men. The Holy Ghost was after wards conferred by the apostles through the laying on of hands. From this they saw that the Holy See, in whom resided the plenitude of jurisdiction, gave to priests delegated especially faculties to confirm. It was a glorious thing to go back to the historic past in this very century, and find what had been done in this way. In 1803 a priest who was believed worthy to suffer for the name of Christ came out to the convict settlement with-faculties to confirm, and to our everlasting'disgrace be it told, in this vaunted 19th. century, he was not allowed to exercise that power. A long period then passed without one, [. in 1817 a special envoy was sent from the Holy gee to, Australia. What was the result? The then Governor, Lachlan MacQuarrie, issued' a warrant for his apprehension, and it was only at nights that he could assemble the flock and give the rites of baptism to the young and con firmation to those of riper years. He was cast into prison, and afterwards sent back as one not having authority from the Crown to come to the colony. He alluded to the Arch-priest O'Flynn. When he made his case known in Europe a shout of execration rose from all parts, and three priests-Arch.priest O'Flynn and Fathers Therry a?d Connelly-were sent out wilh the consent of the Crown (o minister to the wants of the 15,700 Catholics who had been so long without any. - God forbid that he should speak thus to harrow their feelings in any way. But it, was a good thing to refer back to the historic past and see how in that time both clergy and people were willing to suffer for Christ. In 1824 Dr. Ullathorne, the present Bishop of Birmingham, was sent out to the flock that then numbered °v®r 30,000. What deep gratitude they should feel that there were no such difficulties in their way, for, although the Church in- Australia had not been founded in blood it had been estab lished m bitter tears. But Christ said, '' Those that sow in sorrow shall reap in joy." Less than sixty years ago there were only three priests m the "whole, of. Australia, but now besides priest a there were two archbishops and 13 suffragans. He exhorted the young people to give glory to God for the benefits and priv ileges they possessed. This sacrament of confirmation was extended to each and every person who was baptised. By it they' were enrolled in the army of Christ, were expected to do violenoe to their passions, and show in. their lives the strength of the grace Christ gave them. It was necessary before having the rite adminis tered that the candidate ahould know the essential doctrines of Christianity, as they were taught in the catechism. The first was the unity of the Trinity, the incarnation, death, and resurrection of our Saviour. In the Command ments they had a rule of conduct towards their God and their neighbour, in the Apostles' creed they had stated what they should believe, and in the Lord s prayer an example of how they should pray. _ ' The Bishop then asked the boys-near him, who were candidates for confirmation, a number of questions on the doctrines of the Church, which they answered very well." The Bight Rev. gentleman then addressed to all the candidates, whom he requested to kneel, an exhortation to be zealous in their religion. Everything in the world was secondary to the object of their creation-the glojy of God : one thing was of paramount importance to them all -the sanctification of their souls. ^ Confirmation was then administered, first to the .boys;and then to the girls. Messrs. A. Sutton and J. Kennedy acted as Godfathers and Mesdames J. C. Sutton and Kennedy as God mothers. Afterwards the confirmed repeated after the Bishop the Apostles' Creed, the Lord's Prayer, and the Virgin Mary's Salutation. The Bishop then exhorted them all to be sted fasfc m tbeir faith, and to seek the advocacy of the Virgin with Christ. Then, addressing the boys, he said they were exposed in life to many dangers that the other sex was spared, and a great many of those dangers arose from the use of stimulants. When in Europe he often, had th^ blush brought to his cheek by having flung in his teeth the remark-" You Australians are a race of drunkards!" He felt that "they did not deserve so sweeping an epithet, but he greatly wished they had not deserved it at all. ISo doubt that character was somewhat merited, qnd that by their vice of drunkenness they had been brought into the contempt of other nations. He wanted the dear children before him then; to give him that day a proof of their love for Jesus. They were aware that he had made it a custom in the diocese to ask those whom he confirmed to give a promise before God and the Church to abstain from all intoxicants and to maintain that act of self-denial until they attained the age of 21 years. More than 12,000 had given that proof of their love for Christ. They did it as an evidence of Iheir thankfulness to God for the graces tlicy had received, and as true soldiers took the thing to heart and strove to make reparation for the injuries shown to God by the vice of druukenness. Oh, the sentence of the Apostle against the drunkard was a terrible one .^ke drunkard 11 ok enter into the king dom of God." Go to our lunatic asylums, to our gaols and our prison-houses, and in almost each and every case they would find that drunk enness had paved the way to a career of crime, an end of ignominy and shame. He had assisted some to the gallows in the course of his ministry: he had seen others condemned for life : and he never met one that did not cry out in the despair of his heart-"O Father, if it were not for drunkenness I would never have come to this " He need not particularise further. Within the last few years most of those who came to a like end had made the same declaration. -There «? wre ,?s^ec* t'ie cMdren present to avoid it. Vrhy they might ask, "do you ask us to make this promise until we are only 21 ?" He did so because he believed, and statistics and observation proved it, that the great havoc was committed by drunkenness between the years of 14 and 21. Their lunatic asylums were very full, and it was said that 47 per cedt. of the cases of lunacy admitted were brought about by drunkenness. Therefore, and because he did not wish the stigma .that was cast into his teeth in Europe to rest upon them-" You Australians are a race of drunkards "-he wished all whom lie had coufirmed, until they attained the age of 21, to cultivate the Jiabit. of self denial by abstaining. Having ' done so until they reached 21, they would be able to use and not abuse the gifts of God. They would, after that age, having till then cultivated habits of sobriety and self-denial, be thankful for having made the promise, and grateful to him for having got them to make it. Prevention was better than cure, and to that end surely they would be able to exercise that little act of self denial for a few years. At 21 they would be freed from the obligations of the promise. His Lordship then asked the children-" Are you willing to make this promise?" and thev all answered, "Yes." The Bishop said that out of the 12 000 who had been enrolled in this League of the Cross during the time he had been Bishop, he had heard of none who had failed. At his request the young people,, all kneeling, repeated after, him the following promise : "I promise, in thanksgiving to God for all His mercy, for the gifts of faith, baptism, and holy confirmation, and also as an act of reparation for the crimes committed against God by druuken ness, I promise from this day forward, until I have attained my 21st year, to abstain from all intoxicating drink, and discountenance by word and example the cause and practice of intemper ance. Sacred heart of Jesus, by your agony on the cross, give me grace to keep this my resolu tion ; all ye saints of God intercede for me that I may be faithful to my promise." That promise, continued the Bishop, was now- registered before God in . Heaven. , hte.n 8av® the young people another exhortation, and afterwards addressed the con gregation as a whole on the necessity for the S!?^°f a ohu,rch- If y°«Dg and old united they would soon have anew church. The present one waa a disgrace to the congregation. when he first became their bishop he asked them to take measures to enlarge their church, as he foresaw that a new one could not be erected for a long time ; now it only wanted a little energy wd EaeriSce, and a new building would be com menced. That building had been up 22 years, and it was not the work of the Catholics of Mount Gambier alone. The Catholics of Ade laide contributed largely towards it. The stained glass window behind the altar, humble as it was, was the gift of an Adelaide gentleman. The congregation had not done for years nearly as much as they should bare done. In the new areas of tho north the 'first thing thought of by the people was the erection of churches. There were 30 churches there, and there was only one solitary case where they had houses to live in that they did not commence "erecting a church. Hew it seemed what was everybody's duty was nobody s duty, and the consequence was they had not room for more .than one-third of the congregation. He urged them to assist their pastor to clear on the debt, and then if they only put their shoulders to the wheel and organised a monthly collection for the building they would be astonished at the amount that would soon be raised. He was perfec tly well aware a grand site had been secured for a church, but he was also fully aware that while they were talking about building people less favored had erected 23 churches north of Clare. Therefore he counselled them to take the work in hand in earnest, and he trusted that before many months had passed he would see his way clear to lay the foundation stone of a new church. In God's name then let them do it. Beally he should like to speak of many other things, but was very exhausted. He never confirmed children in such embarrassing circum stances before. In the erection of the church they must rely upon themselves as there was no state aid in this colony. Ho trusted that in five or six months hence at furthest they wouldfind their way to commence a new church. _ There was also a debt on the Convent, which the sisters had necessarily'incurred, and he hoped the congregation would assist them out of it. Might God Almighty bleBs them. , The young people having left the church tne senior members, to the number of about 100, assembled to witness the presentation of an address of welcome aud congratulation to His Lordship the Bishop. The beginning of the address.was nicely illuminated and the body .of it neatty engrossed by Mr. H. Bavin. Atthe top the mitre, cross, and crosier, the insignia of the Bishop's office, were beautifully represented. It was handsomely framed. Mr. J. C. Sutton, of Pleasant Park, on behalf of the congregation, read the address, which was worded as follows : " To CHRISTOPHER AUGUSTINE REYKOLDS, D.D. LORD BISHOP OF ADEWJDE. " May it please your Lordship " We, tho Catholics ot Mount Gambier and surround ing district, desire to bid Your Lordship welconip to thif remote part of your diocese, and to congratulate you on your safe arrival amongst your flock after your lengthened visit to the mother country and to Rome, the centre of Catholic unity. "It is to us a source ol much gratification to see Your Lordship once more in our midst, improved, we would hope, in bodily health by your sojourn in distant Catholic laymen, ever sympathising with, and reciprocating:, the views and anxieties of the Church in all matters that pertain to her spiritual and temporal welfare; it is with unfeigned feelings of thankfulness that we already notice some of the special advantages to the community flowing from your visit home. " To Your Lordship's paternal zeal we are Indebted for the establishment here of a convent and schools, conducted by the good nuns, in which the faith and morals of our children will be secured against many assaults to which they are exposed in those establish ments where a purely secular knowledge only is in«^At^time when that spirit of lawlessness on the part of some of the youth of the colonies, to which doubtless the godless system of State education now in vogue is contributing, is calling for special repressive legislation; the boon of the establishment referred to, in which the duties of citizenship are inculcated and improved with the solemn sanction of religion, is itself alone sufficient to. entitle Your Lordship to our heart felt gratitude and thanks. ... , " "Praying that under the blessing of Providence Your Lordship may be' long spared in health and strength to labor in the vineyard of our Divine Master, to the great benefit of the people over whom you have been called to exercise spiritual Jurisdiction, we sub scribe ourselves, on behalf of the Catholic laity of Mount Gambler, . 'Your Lordships humble servants, " Joux C. Scrrox . "JOES KISSED*. "Mount Gambler, " January 29,1882." '. The.Bishop, in reply, thanked his, friends for their kind greeting on his coming amongst them again after a very perilous, laborious, and he might also say painful, journey to Europe, undertaken not simply to visit the mother country but for the welfare of the diocese.^ Al though he bad suffered much bodily infirmity by reason of the change of climate, he had succeeded in increasing the number of clergymen in the dioceBe by 16, and had brought out 24 Sisters of Mercy to assist in the education of Catholic chil i dren. He had arranged, too, that a supply of clergy should come out when required, as there were students in Home, Genoa, Waterford, and AH Hallows. In carrying out this purpose he had necessarily incurred considerable debt, but he doubted not that when he made an appeal to the flock they would respond liberally to pay off this liability. They would bear in mind that priests could not be introduced to the colony without considerable cost, and that they could not be trained for nothing. He had arranged I with the Holy Father to allow him four places in the Propaganda for the training of priests; but what were they among so many ? The edu cational expense of these priests would have to I be borne by this diocese. The troubles that be I set the Church in Italy, and especially'in Rome, at the'time of his visit, by the usupation of the ! Piedmontese, prevented him obtaining many of j those advantages and privileges that were for | raerly enjoyed. They had referred to his efforts on behalf of education in the diocese. He was glad that the efforts he had made for the education of his flock in the diocese should have been ap I proved of. They had referred to the dissatis faction that existed in the country .with the pre sent secular system of State education, and they said well that the people were dissatisfied at the result of the great promises that were made when the system was introduced as to what a I boon it would be to the community at large. It was a usurpation on the part of the State of the duty that belonged to the parents. The parents ! were well able in nine cases out of ten to educate their children. One promised boon of the promoters of the system was that the | children of the poor would not be neglected under it, and yet the poor were the most neglected by it, and' were thrown over on the I Catholic Church. They were promised by many outside the Church that under this system they were to become a race of philosophers. What was the actual state of things? The system was a grand failure. In the sister colony of Victoria j it had been a failure ; it New South Wales' it j had proved a failure ; and in this colony also, although they were ashamed to say so, it was a failure, and its friends were now trying, in a most unbecoming manner, to make it religious at the expense of everybody else. God forbid that he should say a word in disparagement of the religious feelings of any section of I the community in his remarks, but let them care fully look at the system as it stood at, present. There were in the colonies 62 different sects, who I now cried, " We want the Bible in the schools." The Catholic Church, they knew, had in past ages sacrificed the life blood of the best of her sons for the preservation of the Bible, and yet they were called a priest ridden race ! They would, however, agree with him that the sacred Scriptures should not and ought not to be put into the hands of children. There were many things given in the Bible for their good that were not to be thumbed over by every prurient boy and girl. He would guarantee that Catholic children had more Scriptural knowledge than those who thumbed the sacred Book over every day. In their school books there were extracts published under the authority of the Church, which, while giving the tenets of Christianity fully, could not be wrested by the youthful reader to his destruction. Those portions might be used by every denomination without doing violence to their convictions, there being not more than one chapter-that on the Annunciation -that could in any way clash with them. He had heard one say to him-" If these are the religious lessons you place before your children I wish to God they were in the hands of everyone." He would say again, God forbid that he should speak dis paragingly of any man's religious convictions he always strove to avoid doing so-but what better proof could they have of the uojustifiable ness of placing the Scriptures in the bands of everyone than that of the 62 sects of the colony who, while claiming the right of private interpretation, yet differed so essentially from each other in that interpretation, and were now wresting those Scriptures to their own destruc tion. These, following their own judgment, used the Bible to contradict each other. It must be very plain to anyone of common sense that this placing of the Scriptures in the hands of everyone was fraught with danger. Yet they were told by these very people-" Some thing must be done for the Soman Catholics !" The insulting patronage they gave them (Catholics) when they had relieved the State of 5,000 or 6,000 children who were being taught in their schools ! What was it to the Govern, ment what they taught in the way of religion if they gave secular instruction up to the proper standard ? It was - nothing to them whether they taught beside that, seven sacraments or two ; and they were ready and willing on every occasion to let their schools be examined in Becular education by any Government inspector, and if they were not found up to the Btanaard of the Government then give them nothing, but if they were up to the standard tliey had a right to be subsidized. They paid taxes, and :berefore had a right to receive a subsidy for ;heir schoola. The present system of State schools wbs introduced, it was promised, to save the gutter children, yet theie were now more gut tar children outside the schools in Victoria than there were before the introduction ot the system, and many rich non-Catholics took advantage of the free system to educate their children at the expense of the state, Catholics and non-Cath olics. If these persons were anxious for relig ious training in their schools let them do as they (Catholics) nad done, found schools for themsel ves according to their religious convictions, and pay salaried teachers. The State had no right to step in and relieve parents of their duty to their children. It had a right to see that when they give salaries to teachers certain returns should be forthcoming. The State had a right to fup port its poor. That it neglected, and now they found the system declared a failure, and most outside the Church and a few of the Church of England, asking for the Bible, the whole Bible, and nothing but the Bible. He was speaking now, not altogether as a Bishop, but from a sense of duty as a citizen. They spoke of private inter* pretation of the Scriptures; but it was impos sible, he submitted, for a man trained up in a particular form of belief to read the Bible, other* wise than with a decided bias according to the religious convictious he had. Say as they would this was an organisation secretly got up, no matter what might be its ostensible motive, to injure the Catholic Church. Mr. Farkes, in Sydney, let the secret out the other day when he said the State must carry on a war with the Bomish Church. The State had nothing to do - with religion J separate religion from the state ? Let it beJirfr but if a school were established in any neighbor hood by the Catholics and the secular instruction imparted therein was up to the proper standard, the State had nothing to do bnt subsidise it. It was nothing to the State whether they taught in it Judaism, Roman Catholicism, or Protes tantism, or Wesleyanism. If that were not done matters would become worse, and a religious bickering would arise. Sir Henry Parkes threw off the cloak in Sydney the other day when he said they were at war with Romanism, a? he chose to call the Catholic Church. The case of the national system of education that was established in Ireland they would perhaps remember; and as he observed the gentlemen of the Press pre sent he hoped they would take a note of it. Arch bishop Murray, of Dublin, when the system was ; proposed as a remedy for the educational wants of the poor, adopted it and wished to give it a fair trial. Archbishop Whately was sent from England to work the system, which he said in , his letters to Carlile would ultimately root out Catholicism entirely. After going over he wrote to his friend Carlile-"I see -this national system is working its way, and I feel and know it will gradually undermine Romanism. I. am fighting this battle with my best arm tied behind my back. I see it is working its way, but I dare not avow this, my dear CarlUe. You understand me." At the same time that he wrote this he was telling the Roman Catholics on the School Board that the system meant nothing but pure philanthropy ; that its only purpose was to educate the rising generation. Thus he de ceived many. They would see all this put on record by Archbishop Whately's daughter in her " Life of Whately," 1st edition. What a wonder ful similarity there was between his views and conduct and those of Sir Henry Farkes, when the latter gentleman said a few days ago that they were waging a war-a war of extermination -against the Catholic Church. Catholics must, therefore, rely on themselves, and be prepared for any emergency. Their fathers did much more and suffered more, as he had already said, early in the present century. The time might come when their legislators would see the in justice of the role they were playing. Be had that confidence in the people of South Australia. It was a crying evil, and the time might come when they would be heard in legislation. They 'sent' in a petition the other day, but it was treated with scorn. Never mind. The time would come when there would be a proper understanding and appreciation of their motives, and when it would be seen that the proper way in which to train up a child was in a knowledge of the religious convictions of the denomination to which it belonged. He had established 47 schools in the diocese, and he was glad to see that many of their non-Catholic brethren, having Been the way in which they were treated, had assisted them ; especially in connection with the schools of the Christian Brothers. Nothing should be left undone on his part, notwithstanding the difficulties of the surroundings, to extend purely Catholic education throughout the length and breadth of the diocese. The first bishop of the diocese, Bishop Murphy, used to say-" When bishops, priests, and people are united nothing is impossible." His own first trust was in God, for " except the Lord do build the house they labor in vain that build itand next in them selves, for with bishops, priests, and people united there was no such word as " impossible." Shortly he would let them know by a circular letter what had been done for Catholic education and what he expected the people to do. He thanked them for the address. He wonld ever value it, and it would serve as a powerful stimulus to.8pend: bis best efforts in promoting the welfare of the diocese. 