[?] THE DRAMA. Deferring to the prevailing taste for the sen Bational amongst playgoers in New York, an American critic observes : — " Connoissenrs of -vice have been afforded a glorious time of it here lately. The assortment of dramatic villains . presented for tho choice of theatre patrons has been so comprelionsivo thnt even the strongest intellect becomes dazed iu contemplating tho extonsivo chromatic sealo of crime, which ranges from gilt- edged depravity to the mo3t revolting murders. Tho theatres fairly reek with gore, and strangers visiting Hew York for pleasure should not ho blamed : for concluding tliat tlio- local managers had combined to furnish a grand exposition of all tho forbidden sins in order to store the youth-, ful minds with terrible example:-. The Black ' Flag, Youth, Banch No. 10, Cliispa and tho Lights o' London have already exhausted their hair raising lessons, and to these Mr. Augustine Daly has added a milder form of condensed roguery and bloodshed called Mankind. This was presented withall theaetingtalentandseenicdi-:- play that money aud experience could furnish." Indirectly this conveys a commentary the reverse of flattering upon Melbourno no less than New York playgoers, inasmuch as two of the pieces adverted to have experienced a large degree of success here. It' is, no doubt, a matter of regret to tho lovers of the legitimate to End the grand old dramas of the past shelved to make wav.for the moretricious literary pincli- beok of the present ; but in nil snch case3 it is the public who are the real arbiters of taste, and upon their dictum and not that of the censors must depend the nature and style of popular entertainments, tho only con- ablation being that the English stage is at least clean and innocuous when compared with that of tho French capital. There is always a hope that the furore for pieces deal ing with the incidents and peculiarities of low 1 and' criminal lifo must pass away and give place to a tasto for pabulum of a moro whole some and substantial nature. In Youth, the Lights o' London and the Black Flag, it must be acknowledged that there is not only a sound moral broadly inculcated, but that they aro rife with generous and manly sentiments, pleasing incidents, and truthful pictures of real life, which admit of being emphasized by tlie art of the scenic painter and the machinery upon which stage managers mainly rely for realistic effects. It may also ho urged in fair ness, on behalf of the class of piec-23 to which allusion is made, that for the greater part they admit of decent acting. As a rule, the ordi nary run of actors simply " murder " characters that are in tho least removed above the level of Bohemionism. They do not study in the proper sense of tho term. Parrot like, they commit to memory certain words. Liko trained specimens of the simiadie species they acquire a knowledge of certain business accompanying the utterance of those Words, and, like a piece of complex automatic mechanism, they are wound up and set going before an audience. That is the mental and physical process gono through when Sliaks- pearo, Ben Jonson, Massinger, Sheridan, Colo- man and less distinguished dramatists are sought to be interpreted. Indeed, it j seems absurd to expect from illiterate, inexperienced players, animated by no higher | aspirations than to "see the ghost walk" j regularly, tho capacity to hold tho mirror up I to nature, or afford anything but a wretchod | counterfeit presentment of men and women «nt of their own sphere. The result has been Invariably tho same, where tho legitimate has been attempted by ordinary aotors — a beggarly array of empty benches, an! a blank ex chequer. In the sensational line of business it is otherwise. . The actors seem to have a | natural affinity for the principal types of character they are called on to depict, and they consequently play with some degree of merit. Brown, Jones and Bobinson do not mako palpable hits as crowned monarohs, coroneted nobles and heroes of antiquity ; but as artless Bohemians, artful dodgers, members j of the class whose mental obliquity prevents | that duo .discrimination between meurn nnd ' tuum which an cxigeant society demands, these j gentle Thespians deserve unqualified praise, j Certainly, a poor thing well acted is preferable j to a good thing mangled, more especially j when one has to write about tho male- j factors as though they were entitled to Christian burial. There is a soul of good in everything, and we must not repine as thoso utterly devoid of hope when wo see tolerable j noting accompanying the production oven of balderdash. Not that tho Lights o' London or the Black Flag can ho said to be included in such a category. We do not go to tho extent of tho Yankee critic in denouncing those pieces. Wo rather accept them in a spirit of resignation, and feel thankful for tho most infinitesimal mercies at the hands of Bome of our highly enterprising theatrical managers. Mr. and Mrs. Folk continue their perform ances in The American nt the Princess's Theatre to fair houses. The Black Flag was played at tho Bijou on Saturday evening, with Mr. Dampier in the principal part. The attendance was average, as was also tho entertainment itself. '.The Minstrels at tho minor places of amuse ment aro not without receiving proportional support at the hands of tho public. Dampier's bonefit on Friday night at tho Bijou was a pronounced success. : The Vagabond and Geo. Darrell propose 1 (lacing the law 9! copyright on 'a proper footing. Tho necossity for a movement of tho kind was not appreciated until No Mercy dawned upon a delighted public. There is to be only one pantomime this year in connection witli tlio Melbourno stage, but it is expected to be something transcendental. A gentleman with tho familiar appellation of Joo Brown is tho author, one not nt all un known to fame. If we mistake not, ho fleshed his virgin sword in this direction last yoar, with results unspeakable, Let tho watchword of a long suffering public bo "wait and hope." Mr. Charles Hall, well known fer his per formances ns tho Crushed Tragedian, has taken tho theatre at Goeiong for Giiristmas. Mr. E. Marshall, the brother of tho gentlo- men who returned partly overland to Europe recently, lias formed a company, and proposes appearing in a round of society comodics. Mr. Sheridan re-appeared on Saturday night last at the Gaiety, Sydney, in the Merchant of Venice, to a good house. 