u ' HORTICULTURAL SOCIETY OP VICTORIA. Tbo autumn exhibition of this society was opened yesterdny (Thursday), in the Town Hall, Melbourne. Tho show was not tho largest that has been bold by tho society, but as regards quality it was almost if not quite equal to any former display, and was actually bettor than could havo beon reasonably expected, considering tlio unfavorable nature of tho season. Tbo num ber of pot plants' was very small, none of tho largo growers coming forward oxccpt Honry Boyco, who cxhibitod sovoral of his best speci mens. Mr. Gnilfoylo sent a largo collection from tbo Botanic Gardens, which liolpcd to fill several bcnchos that would otherwiso bavo boon empty. Cut flowers, though not so abundant as on previous occasions, were good iu quality. Tho display of fruit was largo beyond expectation, and included numerous fino oxamples of cultivation. Vegetables also were very good. In pot plants there was no competition, nnd scvoral numbers were vacant. H. Boyco obtained first prizes for six, tbreo and ono in bloom ; also for foliage plants, Dracccnns and Crotons. Among his flowering plants tho lovely Eucboris Amazonica was conspicuous, also a Bplendid specimen of Allatsanda Hcndersoni, the curious Dichorisandra Ihyrsifloru and Peris- toria data, known as tho Holy Ghost plant- Perns, lycupods and otheis wore shown in small specimens by James Taylor. J. _ F.' Roberts had Orchids, among them tho beautiful Cattloya citrino, and a very small pretty Phalnmopsia, named intermedia. C. Jackson showed a largo collection of Tory neat smuli plants of Fuchsia. Coiouscs were not so bright as on previous occa sions. Mr. Guiifoylcs collection from tho Botanic Garden contained several fino paimB, soreo of tho best being VeracbafiTelia splendida, Pbaenocoplinrum soycholliana, Cocas Wcdoiliaiia anil licntinckia codapanna. Thoro were also good plants of. Uomalomcna Rubra, a now Arad ; tho grnnd-lcavcd Spherogyne, Cynnophyllum Bowmanni, Arlocarpns inciea (tbo Bread fruit); several otbor Arads, Crotons and Cordylincs. Tho crotons of H. 'Boyco wero exceedingly boautiful. Ono of tbo most interest ing exhibitions of pot plants was a collodion of tomatoes from tho gardens of tho society ex ceedingly well grown and trained, ail loaded with fruit, and forming an excellent study of the dif ferent varieties. Cut flowers wore very good ; we do not remember to havo seon them bolter, tlio usual exhibitors— Taylor and Sangster, Grant, Scott and Sons nnd Jackson— boing again well to tlio fore. Taylor and Songster's twenty- four were .exceedingly fino, among tbom being' some-magnificent lilies ; Grant's were arranged in his usual capital stylo. Tho Dahlias were good, and tho competition was close, though we havo seon hotter at former shows, Taylor and Sangster got first prize for twenty-four, beating Scott ana Sons in a very closo contest, tho latter being the winners in twelve, and also in six. C. Jackson also took several prizes with some very good flowers. Miss Stoddai t anil Miss Williams were tjio principal compctitois in bouquets, which were of the usual character. They each showed an epergne, both very neatly and tastefully dressed. Scott and Bona showed f.omo grand immortollcs, anil won derfully fino bouquet papurs. Tho fruit was, or course, the grot feature of tho show, and though not, upon thu whole, equal - to that shown - last year, contained many specimens that havo never been excollcd. The miscellaneous collection — thirty varieties — for tho special prize of 10 guineas offered by Mr. T. Smcaton, wos won for tho second time by H. U. Cole, with tho fiiicst collection that has ever been set up in tbo Town Hall. It contained varieties of all tho itinds of fruit in season, ovary dish being faultless. Grapes : The Ilambur-hs magnificent, and other sorts hardly- inferior. Melons, Pcachos : Lady Palmerston, fino, a very good late variety. Pears : Magnificent. Apples including liis valuable and exquisitely- flavored seedling Princo of Pqipins. J. 0\. Cole showed an immonsoly largo col lection, containing somo 130 variotics, most of them well grown, though lacking water in tbo coil, anil' of tho best sorts . in cultivation, including several of liis delicious seedling pears. Tho prizo for a collection of six varieties .of table grapes wos w-on by T. Soraervillo, Stralhficldsayo, with fruit tiiat was not remarkably fine for tlio district. He was beaten in black grapc3 by H. U. Cole, who showed splendid Hambnrghs. Tho best forty-eight apples were , shown by U. A. Shepherd ; they wero very good, well grown and finely colored, including his now seedling John Toon, not yot in perfection. C. Draper, who was second, had also a good lot, somo -of them boing unusually fine specimens of their varieties. In twolvo apples, H. U. Colo was first with a very beautiful lot. C. Drapor had tho 1-cst single dish of dessert apples. In pears, J. C. Colewas first with forty-eight, beat- ing 0. Drapor and J. Harbison, each of whoso lots contained dislie3 of great merit, H. U. Colo being fiTOtintv.clvo,,intlsinclodiBli, with grand examples. T. Somorville was the only oxbibitor of plums, which were really good, for tbo timo of year. H. U. Cole's first prize ponches and melons were vor.v good. John Davidson, Rosobank, Warr- nnmbool, showed 'pollections of apples— fifty-four variotics— audof posts thirty varieties, allclcnuand well grown, most of the 'specimens superior in size nnd appearance. A very interesting collec tion of apples and pears came from Wandiligong, sent by the Horticultural Society of, that placo ; they wore not tbo produco of apy one orchard, but werecollecled from thogardcnsofmincrsaud other cottagers. The sorts wero named, with tho ex ception of about a dozen, and included most of tho good varieties going. Tho apples numbered sixty-three varieties, and the pears twenty varieties. Thoy wore consigned to tho charge of Mr. Sangster, of Taylor and Sangster. Avery iargo collection came froin tbe gardens of the socioty, consisting of 127 sorts of apples, 186 of pears, 30 miscellaneous fruits, besides 43 varieties of putato. John Smith and Sons. Riddell, showed a seedling cooking apple, ono of tbe finest evor seen in tbo colony. It is of large sizo, specimens weighing noarly a pound each, a good keeper, with a clear skin, and of a very fine appearanco. Vegetables wero tolerably abundant, and tbe fact that they were nearly all shown by Woodmason and Morey is a sufficient guaranteo for their ex cellence, which was really great. Ellison's cucumbers were also very good. Robert Lane, Iligiiton, Geelong, sent a remarkably well grown collection of sixty varieties of potatoes. T. Broslin showed a magnificent window plant case of cork and bent glass, oxcoedingly well done, and also a plant label worthy of notice. 