THE NATURALIST. SEASON IN DOGS—ORIGINAL AND SELECTED. By Thomas Harbison. We return with a great deal of pleasure to the interesting work of Dr. Romanes, intend ing to use the examples given therein as texts, to be supplemented with a number of corro borative and other examples coming under ' our own observation. Of the dog as being able to distinguish a likeness to the human form in works of art, we have, on the authority of Mr. R. O. Back house, the fact that once when he had volun teered to watch all night at a local exhibition of pictures, statuary, &c.;, he was awakened by the barking of the dog accompanying him, who had met with a bust of Sir Walter Scott, partially concealed behind some evergreens; and thinking, perhaps, that such an intruder ' had no business on the premises at such an hour, at once gave the alarm in the usual manner. iAnent dogs recognising pictures, fib. instances aDandie Dinmont terrier, who sud denly catching eight of a large photograph of hiB mistress that had been left standing on the ground leaning against a chair, crouched and trembled all over, his whole body quivering. Then he crept along the floor until be reached the picture, and seating himself before ft began to bark londly, as if be wonld say, " Why don't you Bpe&k; to me ?" The picture was moved to other parte of the room, and be followed, seating himself before it, and repeated bis barking, As we were reading this a large black re triever was lying Bnngly Bleeping on the ' hearthrug; while a parian marble bnet of Sir Walter bcott was Btanding on the mantel Piece. We took down the latter and placed it near the dog, without waking him. This done, we called ont "Carlo," and' the dog awoke. The first tbiug meeting his eyeB was necessarily the bust, seeing which he sprang 1 ackward some feet, as though he was con onted with a ghost, and then commenced > bark furiously. Nothing wonld induce jm to approach the fancied apparition, and S» would only return to his sleeping-place hen the bust was restored to its old locality ' ebon the mantelpiece. Upon replacing the ekme upon the floor, Carlo displayed the seme terror as before. j > This exhibition ot terror at seeing strange objects has often been displayed by the seme ,<h>8 upon previous occasions. He has evi Bptly en abject fear of a soap-bubble rolling u the ground, or even floating near kirn in -t1® air: while if ahown an inflated india rpbber ballopn, he generally bolts from the room precipitately. A mysteriously moving ppject also similarly affects him, ana for a long time nothing would induce bun to tooob a well-covered bone which was bring dragged •Jowly by means of a pieoe of black thread oyer the floor. It was-only after we our ,mlves pickdd up the dainty morsel, and [rinded it to him that he seemed reconciled W tb®, tact, that he beheld nothing super* {natural Thisoonohuionarrivedat^netook WM u evident determined to . hold and defend the same as floga aeaeUy ate, vL¥r" 5S°^® C«>h relates that he recently ha{l a pomter.whleh, one mornlngwhen the vw#4 ^°®t» dragged a mat I not of his kennel to the dawn bsnesth the Mom® windows, and utilised It as a bed. i - ' ,v- •• Here, again, Carlo is not outdone. He generally sleeps upon a rug under the kitchen table. We have often eeen him drag the rug out into the yard during the summer months, and lie quietly down upon it. Once or twice, however, during the winter season he seemed to have business or pleasure on hand that called him away from the premises for a time, the result, as he came home late, being that the door wsb shut against him. A few nights afterwards we noticed that he dragged the mat into the yard, and under a table Btanding there, previous to setting forth upon his travels. As the door was left open for him on his return, he dragged the mat back again to its old place in the kitchen. Concerning the cleverness of dogs in finding their way by train, Miss C. Young tells us of a dog with a strong proclivity for railway riding. He jumped into a carriage, following the nursemaid on a journey, and at theend of a few miles jumped out accidentally at a roadside Btation, Many dogB would have j found their way home easily; but Spot did not. On the contrary, be Beems to have caused no slight anxiety in the household as to hiB fate, until the arrival of the last even ing train, out of which he,jumped, evidently dead beaten. The explanation given is, that the animal had tried vainly to find his way. home, but seeing that nil his efforts to do so were fruitless, he had as a last resource ran to the railway station, a whereat he waited until the carriages arrived, within one of which heenBconced himself, thinking, there is no doubt, that Bteam transit was a blessing, even to members of the canine species. It is on record, 1 believe, that there used to be a dog resident at the Spencer-Btreet sta tion who was in the habit of taking daily trips into the country by train, either in the guard's van or on the tender of the engine. The peculiarity of the dog's practice was that neither did he stick to one guard or driver, patronising all and all lineB alike, nor did he generally ride the full journey. His general practice was to get out at some intermediate station, rush off at full speed, bb if on especial business, which, having been transacted, he would return to the station later in the day and calmly await the coming of the down train, into which he would straightway spring, and bo return to Mel bourne in the usual way. The beach dog in many localities is pleasant enough, but occasionally he grows into an intolerable nuisance. We have never met with him in any numbers in Victoria, but at Glenelg. where the sands are very fine, his name is legion. At least 20 of the race accompanied us on our first ramble along the coast, barking and yelping to a degree that was perfectly deafening.. The object of the intruders was not to beg, but to obtain employment in the shape of fetching sticks out of the water, which done, the whole gang returned to ub more intrusive than ever. As a last resource, we tore up a hall-page of a newspaper, and as the wind happened to be blowing strongly, the pack had a fine opportunity of engaging in a " paper chase." This they did with avidity along the sands. "Watching our opportunity, we hid ourselves in an adjoining gully, and so escaped. Much pleasanter than this was our first acquaintance with "Rough" on the beach near Brighton some 27 years ago. We had sat down upon a etone, when suddenly we were confronted with a Scotch collie, who, laying a piece of stick at our feet, began to bark furiously, as if desirous that we should throw it into the sea. For a time we paid no attention, and he caught us by the sleeve and tried thus more forcibly to attract our attention. Upon this we ac ceded to his request, mid for the rest of the day Rough and ourselves were inseparable companions. Save when he was in the water he waB by our Bide all the way to St Kilda, j at which place he evidently meant to i cut our acquaintance, as, after a few ! wags of the tail, he turned round j as if about to make towards home. As no callB of our own would induce him to more than turn his head, as if to give us a parting glance, our firm belief was that we had lost sight of Rough for ever. But it was not so, for months afterwards we met Rough waiting for us on the beach every Sunday; whether he made the journey from Brighton, whereat he lived, on other days, does not appear. Rough was evidently an amateur Bwimmer madly fond of aquatic exerciBe, of whi,ch he never seemed to have enough, save on one occasion, when, after fetching out sticks about a hundred times, he positively refused to fetch ont another, but, after barking for some time, canght hold of and tugged violently at our umbrella. Fancying he wished to carry it, we allowed him to take the evidently coveted article, and he did take it, but it was straight into the Bea, into which he ran, and swam for abont 200 yardB. He then dropped the umbrella, and commenced to bark again. Eventually he came on shore, but lefc the umbrella behind him in the water, and again commenced to bark around us. After some time we indnced him to enter the eea once more, and he Bwam towards the umbrella— as we hoped, to redeem it. Not so, however; he Bimply lifted it in his mouth, as if to show ub its whereabouts, and then, dropping it, again returned to the shore. Our opinion is tnat be wanted us to do a little fetch and-carrying work for him, as he had done it for us. At any rate, he seemed disgusted at something, since he straightway started off at a full trot, and we never Baw him again. We subse quently heard that the dog bad been stolen, and, having been taken to Sydney by steamer, bad been Bold to a station on the New South Wales side of the Murray. He had scarcely arrived there, however, when he took his departure, and after a time arrived at his old master a residence, footsore and weary, having, there is no doubt, made an overland journey alone of over 300 miles. But it must not be lost sight of that, as a Sheep dog, he may have travelled in company with a flock over the same route, upon a previous occasion, so that he was no stranger to the road he had to take. Still, the feat is Wonderful enough as it stands, even with this proviso. Having left St. Kilda during the absence of our canine friend, we dm not Seet him after his return; nor did. I hew of e above fact until many years had passed, when poor Rough had gone the way of all flesh, canine ana human. Svea an instance of > oolHe that, when a teep was on its back, would straightway det the sheep .on italegt againTu Ws i a aster only Mid " Out, cut," the pastoral i Brm for such a predicament. Another dog (f thesamebreetTwould watch for "cuts/1 i nd amend: matters o! his own aooora. .mother attann jpflnc is told of these < ogs. A gentleman, accompanied by the < ollle of a friend,.went to look after his < attle. He found ute ienee between his farm i nd that of a neighbour broken down, and i bat the cattle haAgot ictermixed through a I to thefence. B| jhe hrtpjgf the dog tfe* < attle were separated. Next night the same jstsouwant out to look eft^bUhetCW could not find the dog, bo he set off without bim. The eurpriBe of the gentleman was Bomewhat great on finding that the dog had preceded him, and had voluntarily taken op office as sentinel at the gap, so that not a single beast could pass. In Lord Brougham's Dialogues on Instinct it ia related that a dog that naed to worry sheep was for the offence tied up at night. He submitted quietly to the operation, but when all in the nouBe were asleep would slip his collar, and starting off would commit his uBual depredations; the wonder of the thing being that he would return, Blip his head into the collar, and so Btand, looking inno cent enough oi anything like malpractices. More strange still, it is said that sheep worrying dogs never worry the flock of their masters, but depart to a distance, and before their return wash themselves of all blood BtainB, so as to avert diBcovery. The dog of the Rev. Mr. Taylor, of Colton, not only Blipped his collar, but afterwards put on and readjusted a muzzle bo as to avoid detec tion. We had writen thus for when we were put in possession of a remarkable fact concerning a dog named Schnapps, and belonging to the late Mr. , well known in connexion with Punch and the preBS- world of Melbourne, and also a near relative of one of Victoria's oldest journalists. Snap used to follow, or rather precede—since he alw&ya; went before— his master everywhere. Whenever Snap made his appearance Mr. — was sure to be closely adjacent. At last Mr. died. Snap was disconsolate and inconsolable, Mr. ——''s widow took Snap a long distance up the country, where he resided for some months. After a time Mrs. —- returned to Melbourne. Arrived in town, the dog next day went with his mistress to every one of his master's old haunts. Our informant remem bers the dog's viBit to their establishment. At night poor Snap returned home, looking sad and broken- hearted. Up to that time the faithful animal had shown no sighB of illness. He whined piteously, looked up in the face of his miBtress imploringly, lay down upon the skirt of her dress to sleep, once or twice gazing upon the lady's face with what might be termed a despairing glance. He lay thus until bed- time. When the lady rose to re tire for the night the dog did not respond to her call. He remained there motionless. She touched him with her hand ; he was dead. Was this a case, often doubted ascon nected with human subjects, viz., death from a broken heart? Dogs that are bold enough at other times are often veritable cowardB when attacked by unexpected adversaries. I once had a dog who would fight like a lion. One day he stopped to drink at a waterhole, and a large crayfish caught him by the tongue. His terror was of the most abject kind, and his bowling piteous, although the bite did not draw blood, nor could there have been any great pain experienced. It was months before he would again venture near that or any other sheet of water. The same animal had a habit of charging a particularly large flock of geese. He would tUBh in amongst them and scatter the whole troupe like chaff before the wind. It happened that be once attacked the geeBe when several of them had a numerous horde of goslings. Mothers and fathers, inBtead of runningaway, showed fight For a few minutes the aggressor stood some what bewildered. Eventually he emerged from the midst of his enraged foes with a gander fiercely assailing either flank. I never after wards remember him molesting geese, al though I often prompted him to do so. He had a perfect horror, too, of dead Bharks, although by no means fearful when placed face to face with a defunct porpoise. He would tear and eat a perfect monster of the latter, but trembled from head to foot when I threw him before a small shark barely a foot in length. He was also very fearfnl with reBpect to ordinary snakes, even when life in them was extinct Yet he once brought to a friend of mine a snake of the non-venom ous species still alive. -< In fact, it was not a snake at all, but a kind of lizard, almost destitute of teeth, let alone poison-fangs, yet, nevertheless, held in horror by many bush men. The dog was a better naturalist than the majority of his human associates. Dogs are, however, not always to be scared by apparently monstrous adversaries. A gentleman once said to me, as we, being trespassers on forbidden ground, were assailed by a fierce bull-terrier, ".I can always frighten a dog by bending down, and looking at him with my head between my between my legs." The experiment was tried, but the dog, instead of running away from the Bingular apparition, tan straight at it. The experimenter left the scene with a large piece of his coat-tail in the mouth of the enemy. Generally speaking, a dog will bolt incontinently if the person he attacks stoops down as if to pick up a stone. I once saw this dodge resorted to by a person who had every confidence in his ultimate success The manoeuvre, however, failed entirely. The stooping attitude was taken advantage of by the dog, who straightway seized his adversary by the cellar. Fortunately, the dog's master was near at band, or the consequences might have been rather serious. 