The Bishop of Auckland. (Ar. Z. Frer.nnnt'x Journal.) The following Pastoj-al from 1’ishop Puck, was read in all the churches of the Diocese on Sunday, 1st October :— -JOHN EDMOND, OF THE ODDER OF ST. REN EDICT. .1 >y the grace of Ood and the favour of the Holy Apostolic See, Pushup of Auckland. To thk ('i.Kiuiv, Skcklak am* Ukoiu-au, ami* t11!•: Faith m. ok thh Naii> Dioof.sk, HkAI.TII AM* 1 > KN K 1*U 'T 10 N' IN TllK f 0 * It 1 >. Dear Reverend Ihvthron and llcloved Chil dren in Jesus (’ 1 irist,—— Although unable, through want of time, to address our beloved Hock in a manner at all commensurate with the occasion, we cannot refrain, on this tin* day of our Episcopal Consecration, from manifesting, in at least a few words, the earnestness and warmth of the sentiments of our heart. These, my beloved children in Jesus Christ, are twofold, each striving tor the mastery. In the first place, and uppermost, comes tin* intimate knowledge of our own nnworthiness and incapacity for so holy and arduous a post, as is the Episcopate of Cod's Church. In til*' second place, our earnest, desire and kem interest in tin* welfare of the portion of Christ's fold, committed to us by If is Vicar on earth, onr llcloved Church cl Auckland, which, in tin* language of tradition, is the llride, whom it is our honourable duly to cherish, to love, and to serve, during the re mainder of our life. It is not the intention to dwell on the former of tin* Conllictiug sentiments, how ever true and real in itself; onr trust and consolation on this head is the conviction id' t lin far superior worth and capability of our beloved clergy, secular and regular, many of whom arc. so well known to us, and whose tried virtue and zeal are both our contusion and glory. Then, again, (he reports that, have reached us, of the faith and devoted ness of the laitv of our Diocese, arc to us a foundation of a well- grounded confidence that their fidelity to their religion will In* proof against all perils, and that, their endeavours to attain the one thing necessary will be con stant and persevering. Rather let us give expression to tin* warmth and sincerity of the sentiment, which vies with the first. < Mir heart, in the language of the Apostle, yearns towards you, ami though tin* half of tin* earth’s eircum fcionce at present, divides us. our heart is with von ; our interests are all centred in yours, and we feel every certainty, that, certainty the strict union of Hislmp, clergy, and faithful will ensure, tin* spiritual welfare and the real happiness of the (’lunch of Aiiekland. Supported thus l*y the stall of unity, ami knit together by the bond <>i charity, let its tight, the good light, and walk wnrthv of the faith which is in us. We might, indeed, add much to this feeble ex pression of alfertion, but time prevents us. Whilst therefore, we recommend oursi II to your prayers, that we may be faithful P> the grace which has been given us this day, by (lie imposition of bands, that we may be changed into another man, that we may be tlm t me fat her of onr lloek. let us in turn exhort von to further our own r*-aI interests l>v steadfastness in the unchanging and un changeable principles of your faith, in praver. and the I'reij unit ing of the Sacraments and the performance of all good works. \\\ e shall doubtless look for and ask for your eo operation in tin many good wank-, a young and vigorous I'hiindi demands, in order to promote and secure its. well being ; but our confidence falters not, as We have the assurance of your eo operation. < Hir work is mutual, onr labour mini be mutual, ami (be resul t the gram 1 t e m 11 will be the flirt ber.uiei. o| (bid's honour ami glory, which at the same time, is our mutual nuieti lieation in tin world, and eternal happim-s in tin next. ( 111 ! in V I >c loved eh i Id Tell in dear: ( 'h list, airli D our first exhortation to \'>n. Such also will he our constant prayer <*11r one anxiety in tin future. May it be the consola tion of our 'lying bed. to know that our desires and our efforts have been successful in \ our behalf. (>u the occasion of our interview with tin* Ruler of the I’uiversal Clmrcli, His Holiness Rope Leo XIII., our first thought was to implore his special blessing on our Hock, and this it will bo our privilege to impart to you on our arrival among you. “ May the grace of our Lord Jesus Christ, and the charity of God, and the communica tion of the Holy Ghost, be with you all. Amen.” (ii. Cor., xiii., Id.) Given at Ihunsgatc, from St. Augustine’s Priory, being the fourth day within the octave of St. Lawrence, and tho day of our Episcopal Consecration, and appointed to he read in all tho churches of the Diocese on the first Sunday of October, 