Demise of Xwo eminent Australians. The Hod. Sir WilHam Maffarthnf qq Sunday at his seat, Camden Park, New Sooth Wales, ri the advanced age of eighty-two years, gentlemen from Heatoir s " Mpn of the Time"' : We take the following account of the <Wwi»m«l — Macarthur, Hon. Sir William, 1% M.L.C., was born at Paramatta, in December 1800\. In 1809 he and his brother James were taken by their father to F-Urwt fa their education. They retonied in 1817. Mr. Macarthur was elected to the Legislative Council from 1S49 to 1S55, but has principally devoted himself to agricultural pmsnita, has taken little part in politics. 2h 1854 he was appointed a commissioner to represait the colony at the Paris Exhibition of tha <r.IWir-g year. At the dose of the Ivi-fdhitW. he received the honour of knighthood »"d the decoration of the Legion of Honour. Sir William returned to the cofony in November, 1&>( . In 1861 he exerted himself in wJlwHnp for the London Exhibition of 1862, and proceeded to England, fact the appointment of assistant commisriooar. Hf returned to the colony in March, 1861, and was a jjpcauted to a seat in the Mr. VyilKatn Forsfcer, member for Gundagai in the New South Wales AsEanbiy, and who lately represented thai colony in Tsrefon as Agent-General, expired suddenly at Ina rosdeooe st feydney eiriy cm Mmday !» fliy, Fran Heatoirs "Men of the TW" we extract the following account of his «»mswr : — " Forsier, Hon. William, Agent-General far New South Wales, bora at Msrh-nw, m came to Australia when he was about eleven years of age. Like many of the public »»«i cf this colony, he was a pupil of Mr. W. T. Gape. At an early age he entered into squatting pursuits. Whilst so occupied he (fid net neglect literature. About the time that Mr. Robertson was acbn? as the dfdAmJhf <tf tKa squatters, and appealing to the Governor for redress, Mr. Forster wrote a satire having the same end in view, which he published in the Atlas newspaper, under the title of 'The Devil and the Governor.5 In this piece he displayed his power of nshy stinging wurti Mr.Forster also wrote a satire miiriwl Xhe Genius and the Ghost5 — a dialog between the genius of Sydney and the ghost of trans portation. During the Crimean war he wrote a sonnet in more solemn sfcrai-n on grandeur and decay. Bat his grains for satire has been more allied with the logic and elo quence of pablic orations than with the art of versification, in which he has shown that ha can exceL Shortly after the introduction of responrible government, Mr. Forsier rn& himself known to the people of this country as a leader in parliamentary conflicts. At diffe rent times he represented East Sydney, St, Leonards, the Hastings, Qneanbeyan, 10a- warra, and Murrumbadgee. From the thw of his entering Parliament Mr. Forster was a keen critic of the Cowper Administration. Agreeing with that Administration in principle, he was ever on the alert to detect inconsistency in their practices. When the education question came on. tendencies of Mr. Cowpers scheme offered an. i opportunity for attack. That Government was defeated, ami Mr. Forster was entrusted with the work of forming a Ministry. He associated with himself Mr. John Black (aa Minister of Lands), Mr. Saul Treasurer), Mr. G. Eager (as Minister for Works), Mr. E. Wise, afterwards judge of the | Supreme Court (as Attorney -Genoall "d ( Mr. J. F. Hargrave, now Mr. Justicsu Hargrave (as Solkrtor-GeneralL TfaosMrDratzy was defeated on their Upper House Bh»4 Bin, and retired in March 186Ql Mr. Footer has not tines that time been at the head of an Administration, although the opportunity of taking that position was offered to W, » ; May, 1873, when the Mgrtia Mhnriry was defeated an the Border Duties question. Ho . was Colonial Secretary in Mr. Martini fori > Ministry, and Secretary for Xwuds in BobertaoeV second Minstry. Fnsa tie flti Ministry. and on tint date was ---"' --7 Ajpent-Generai for the colony of New Sonlii Wales, resident in London. Mr. Fenlerta talents have been chiefly displayed is appeal — strugeSj? 