TALK ON "OHAlrOK " I will boy with yon. will wlthyou, tajfcwlth yon " " Qtiem^aun lidmtetn cHcere verum -Quid veUtf'—Hokacb. The special honour conferred upon the Master of Rupertswood Is one which la gratifying to those amongst whom he has lived bo long—and eo welL There Is a spice of malicions satisfaction, too, in the know ledge that a colonial gentleman) who is believed to have angled with brightly-baited salmon hooks for a similar distinction, iB still Bitting on the bank in expectation. It has been a subject for speculation why Mr. W. J. Clerke, who is the first Victorian upon whom a baronetcy has been conferred, should have been selected over all other aspirants. The solution will, perhaps, be found in the fact that his largest benefactions—besides their benevolent intention—have been of a national and patriotic .character. It has been suggested that us the head of the Govern ment which Bpent the money (of other people) 6n the Melbourne Exhibition, Mr. Graham Berry ahould have been made a hereditary noble. But, of course, inost people know Mr. Berry iB too earnest a democrat to accept n title end that it would be a hollow compliment to offer it to him! For Champagne Charlie' the canvass iB vigorous. A lady in East Melbourne had this written memorandum sent up to her with the candidate's election card, whilst the " district secretary " waited below" Will Mrs. Blank kindly inform the beater as to Mr. Blank's viewB on the election now pend ing, and oblige * * V It is pnehing matters home when a man's wife is asked to give the tip as to her husband's political intentions: " A Scream from the American Eagle in Dakota" is the title of a Fourth of July Oration my friend Sam Lord has lent me, and which Geo. F. Train never surpassed. It sparkles with fnn, coruscating in a golden Betting of common sense. Of both take a sample:— " The world needs men t • time like this demand) 8trong minds, greet hearts, true faith mod reedy hands I lien whom the lost of office does not fill, -Men whom the spoils of office cannot buj, Men who poeeeee opinion* and a will, Men who have honour, man who will not lie, Men who can stand before a demagogue And damn his treacherous flatteries without winking, Tall men, gun-crowned, who lire above the fog In public duty and in private thinking." And for mock-heroic brag what can surpass this "On all the beauteous pendant globe no fstyer, richer realm unfolds itself td tempt the angels down. No broader, grander, golden grain-fields ever glad dened the heart and pocket of son-browned husband man. Mo blner sides bend their sapphire arches above the far-tamed, beggar-hemmed, and flea-girt Bay of Naples, or the "Lute'of Oomo, onwhoee enchanted shores lay the bogus ranch of Claude Melnotte. whom John M'Collough nightly murders on the mimic stage." And all this excellent matter u published by a railroad combination "operating" 4,800 miles of way. Might not Mr. Bent help Aw lines through the Upper Houae by the aid of a little gay writing to fill up the blanks -where there are no enrveyeT The ways of Ministers are not invariably those of pleasantness. Some time ago an suctioneer at Sandhurst enjoyed the some what empty honour of selling Government landsfor nothing. Tenders were called for some time ago for performing a like doty, and a friend of the late auctioneer asked J per cent commission. Bnt another gratis auctioneer was in the field, and secured the privilege. The Minister of Mines received a letter, of which this is a portion, from the late land auctioneer " Mr. M wad your Government spent twioe the •mount of the commission on the sue of lauds to evade the accepting of s just and legitimate tender in June last, and are guilty of conduct that would dis grace a eoetermonger. How, of all the mean, con temptible things in the world, ingratitude is the worst, which win always be associated, in my mind, with the name of 8- B It is almost Baperflnons to say that the writer of theee moral reflections is in the commission of the peace, and that the Minister is unconscious of offence. An attorney can do no business in the town ship till a second practitioner establishes himself. It requires two doctors at least to set on foot * good outbreak of measles. And, 5 I suppose, it must be due to some similar in- - fiuence that the electric light did not com-' maud any extraordinary attention in MeL' bourne until three rival wooers came upon the Btage to win the favour of the not unwil ling Melbourne. A leading bookmaker entertained his friends handsomely at his house after the Cap week (one of the speakers was formerly person and politician, but now raoehome owner). As the festivities proceeded the host observed a dark-coated man, whom he did not know, flitting from guest to guest. Approaohing the stranger, he asked him hia business, and how he happened to be present at alL With admirable nonchalance the visitor w^plsJ—g that, though uninvited, he had heard, of the j entertainment, and considered that it would be agood opportunity to obtain subscriptions for his little chapel, now in course of build ing. The Audacity quite earried away the host; he promised the priest' a couple of! guineas, requested him not to further molest the guests, and he did not order himont of doors. The leader of arte of the late exploring ex peditions in Northern Queensland was not always a total abstainer. As a kind of moral teat n friefid presented him before starting trjtlitwc bottits «l particularly fine old brandy, npou condition thai theyahould hot be opened until the fticbda.hext met. > fie wee quite > staunch, but usemban of the pariy ' wete Unable tC'redltttbe! temptation. JDuriufc tte abeenoeoltheb chief they * oaMfutiyremovwdthe eotka, ■ dtanktfce%teuta,i^tea^thebotilaa: wi th tee.MpUcincootfce-mid oepsalee. Up^ tetimingi thb ej^oiM^ ptond of-fata,, mtilfhl forbearwwe, tobb -the bottles*) the 1 bouse of thedtthortbpertonriihe fitbdooo ditiencf the bagita^fieviite imed find duly theoootauta of their glasses, that you eta tea-total at heart r But whan they had sipped their BMtet the expression b'f\Hecsptkin'e face didnoi quite beet bat the proposition. > '(;t It j« only tbe old-time men of Melbourne who remember the fine fellow who never bed a ceremonial prefix to httf name, bat wag universally .as teemed aa Jim O'Grady. Inthe auction-box be was unsurpassed by anyo! the brilliant men which Melbonrne baa bad to boaatin that section of business. The very cock of bia bat was a warning that it waa no nee trying it on with the dashing-looking man who lived beneath it We beard some yean ago that O'Grady waa going to be Lord Gallia* more, and waa devoting hie existence to the killing of blackcock and salmon in the west of Ireland. Joat now I am told that, with hia usual lack, he h&a; come in for a legacy of £50,000, left him by hie old partner, William Eaaey, who made the money in Collins* street. O'Grady and another lodged with a family in which an interesting item waa a pretty, fair-haired girl. " The other," as was natural, was the ardent admirer of this young lady. One evening she rose from the table to go to the piano to gratify a request for some music. " 1 aay, old fellow," said O'Grady, " yon may as well take your feet off mine now!" This to Adolphns, who had stared, as though be had seen a ghost, at the yonng lady moving from the table. Be had been signifying hia affection by pressing the wrong foot. A stranger inqniring for a hardware estab lishment which is at the corner of Collins and SwanBton streets, waa informed by his cabdriver that it was (as it sounded to him) between "Ham and'Eggs." This familiar abbreviation he ascertained referred to the places of business of Messrs. Ham and Haigh Brothers. At a recent sale of first-class furniture there waB, amongst other effects, a hand some liqueur-stand. An auctioneer, looking over the articles before the sale with the eye of an expert, said to a friend, " That's worth five pounds, bnt no doubt some pre cious fool of a woman will give ten for it." On going home in the evening he fonnd the liqnenr-stand on his side-table, and hia wife claimed his congratulations on her having secured it few £12. He said nothing, bat thoaght a good deal There was bnt one bnilding in the square that any of the insurance companies would cover against fire, and it was the hotel. One day the landlord was standing behind tbe bar in his shirt-sleeves dispensing drinks, when his next- door neighbour, who kept a tobac oonist'B shop, gleefully entered, and, rubbing his hands, said, " I've jest been and insured mine stock." " Good Heaven 1" said the land* lord, turning pale, "yon don't Bay so," and, rushing for hia coat, exclaimed, " I most get another five hundred cm at once!" JBGLES. 