Touting the Training FLEMINGTON WOB.X. The following is a resume of the most note worthy work done by the best horses in the principal events during the past week The Leoer.— Darebin, the favourite, has been doinir stradv work, hut seems to tire. He and Baron von Mueller have done a couple of gallops. The Derby winner had none the best of it, but continues to improve, and should be very fit at the post. Coriolanus has been working hard with Zim- besi. He looks very well, and pulls up strong after his gallops. Kohinoor has hud good exercise with Suwarrow, who, however, is always a little too much for him. Australian Cup. — Suwarrow heads the list, and deservedly so. In my opinion he looks better than anything at Flemiogum, and was never fitter in his lffe. He woiks with Kohi noor and Egertoo, and can always ran over them. On Saturday he went tbe Cup distance, aud at the rails came away from Bouquet ana Kohinoor just as he Uked. If lie keeps well, it should be " Lombard-street to a China orange." 6auuterer coming down on Saturday knocked himself in the box, tearing a patch of skin off bis hips. He, however, did himself no material damage, and has been doing good work. Yester day moraine he had Young Alfred as companion, but they dia no fast work. Williamson will ride him in tbe Cup. Wellingtou looks as fit as a fiddle. The vete ran has takeu to hi- work kiudly, going grandly. On raturday morning he went tbe Cup distance with Ween, witb whom he had no trouble all tbe way, finishing about ten leugtbs in advance. Coriolanus's work appt&ft; under the Leger heading. Blue Ribbon has Iteen doiog very fast work with Attache. He moves freely, and is considoied to have tbe best outside show. Yesterday morn ing be went the distance with Been, who didn't seem to have a chance. El&inore; looks well, but seems better suited for the Newmarket. She has been doing longsteady work with Sea Serpeut. Crystal U in good condition, and M'Namara deserves credit for his evident care in his prepara tion. The horse lias been doiog long, careful work with King Lud, and pulls up very fresh. Koh-i-noor should have a good look iu for tiii» event, as his Leger report shows he has had good company in Suwarrow in his work. Attache works with Blue liibbon, who, however, has always the whip haud of him ; still, he looks well, and bears his work strongly. He is, too, in a good stable. Bosworth has been anxiously inquired for. The general opinion is, that tho -old 'uu" trains et Mr. Cox's private trade at Ken sington. If any information could be gleaned, 4> Bos " would uave'a lot of supporters. Ween looks very well to the eye, but doesn't seem to have the turn of foot, as old Welling ton polished him off on Saturday morniug, and Blue Ribbon did the same yesterday morning. Newmarket Handicat. — Hesperian aud First Water have not yet arrived, but were expected to-day. The former, however, I hear is very well. Larpeut (Mr. Whittiugham's only repre sentative) has Murphy conducting operations. He has done soiae good, strong work on the tan. He goes by himself. Verdure is a ' big as a bullock." She goes by herself generally about a mile, finishing up with a smart six furlongs. Trevallyn and Hyacinth, Morrison's pair, both looking remarkably well, do longsteady work, spurting home the Newmarket distance. Trevallyn is considered tbe best of the two, and is thought to have a good look-in. Elsioore's work iB given under tbe Cup heading. The exercise elie has been doing for the latter should, however, serve her iu good Etead over the shorter distance. Tyropean, the imported mare, has been doing good work ou tbe tan; after covering the six furlongs she pulled up strong aud well. Yesterday she was backed to win this event for a lot of money. Surrey is expected every day from Sydney. He will go to Sam Davis at Newmarket. Euclid has put in souie long useful work. Yesterday he went a fast mile, and was joiued at the six-furlontiB post by Star of tbe West. They finished together. Sir. Haines has also Ghost and Cremorne in the Newmarket, but I have not been able to get a peep at the two latter, who ore training at Emerald Hill. Tue Jtmi's— ' Tin: linini.e.— Eros, with Bell up. 011 Mund.iy went on ihe j-and track two iiiuc? with Linn, tbe winner of the Bi'iialla Handicap. Tro- pulled over bis companion all tho war. and uui-ued up a reallv cood gallop. A IV, v..? im.vr.vv. wnrr'.t.v Nhlnnir iirotnl work mi the --'ind trunk ln-donehiin much good. Ho llnii-he.- strong and well. St.iivsuian and Jack. Gias-eoek's pair, have put in medium ordinary work. On Friday ritnioMiian .-ont over the schooling hurdles and performed well. Cousic has had gentle exercise on the tan. Steeplechase. — Hieroglyph and Gazelle, Morau's pair, have been given good work on tbe tan. Both are fit aud well, Hieroglyph pulling like a lion. Skylark does ordinary work. Lucy looks very well and goes long work on the tau, with a Oat. youngster up. 