NEWS OF THE WE3K. Tim weather romains unohangoil, tho days being pleasantly warm, and tho nights cold and frosty, Yostorday rain wan threatening through, out the afternoon, but nono fell, TUB casos at tho Small Deb's Court on Tues day wore unimportant, Mr, Love, P.M., pro. sided, Thomas Brothorton summoned Denis Shoaban to rooaver tho value of a tarpaulin which ho had sold him, Dofondant said the tarpaulin was part and parcel of a waaaon whioh ho had bought from plaintiff, and which ho bad paid him £fiQ for, It appearing that the sale had takon plaoo three years ago a verdict was given for tho defendant,— Patrick Beardon sought to reoovor £10 from J. K. Corbett for trespass of dofendaut'a shoep on plaintiffs laqd at Jones' Creek, during tbe months of February and March last. It appeared that plaintiff had entered an action in the District Court, but had settled it on dofondant consenting to pay costs. These he had sinoe declined to pay. Defendant said he bad consontod to pay £3 3s, but plaintiff would, not accept less than £5 5s, Ho was quite willing to pay £3. 3s. Verdict for plaintiff for £3 3s,— J. Green v. E. Tutty : This was merely a matter of an account between tho parties, Plaintiff sued defendant for work and labor done, and the latter established a set oil as to mist of tho claim, Eventually a verdict was given for plaintiff far 4s fid and costs, YE8TERDAY Goorge Woodhridgo af the Eagle Hotel, South Gundagai, attended on summons before the Licensing Court to answer a charge preferred against him. by 8enior Horgeant Carroll of having permitted gambling on his licensed premises. The Licensing Magistrate, Mr, Love, said that ho oould not hoar the case, unless another member af the court took bis seat with him on the bench, and Mr, Elworthy doolinod to attond, Tho case should, thereforo, be postponed for a fortnight, and, in the mean timo, ho would communicate with the Minister for Justioo, Defendant and the witnesses noetf not attond unless thoy got fresh summonses.— A man named Nelson was fined 20s for drunkenness, Dr. Agassiz, late of Adolong, has been appointed Government medical officer and vappinatar far the district of Cootamundra, The monthly meeting of the Gundagai Hos- pital Committee was held on Wednesday; present— Messrs. Elworthy (chairman), Fry, Walker, Murray, Bibo, Mackins, Taylor, and Turner. Accounts for salaries and supplies, amounting to £53 18s 5d, were audited and passed. The matter of the collector was again brought forward, and after a long disoussion it was resolved that a commission of 10 per cent, be paid to him on such subscriptions only as he pays over to the Treasurer. It was then further resolved to enlist the sympathies of the flock- masters in the district, and towards this end the Secretary was desired to send each one a sub- scription-list with a solicitation to obtain contri- butions from their shearers during the next few months, as the funds of this institution were again very low. In answer to a question, the Secretary stated that the voluntary contribu- tions to the Hospital last year were a few shillings only over £100, and as the cost of maintenance of the Institution was five times that amount, it required greater effort this year to meet the expenditure, or the Hospital would have to be closed. A few necessaries were named tor tbe comfort of the patients, and the Visiting Committee were empowered to obtain them. The Visiting Committee for the ensuing month are Messrs, Leary, Blakeney, and Mackins, We are given to understand that Mr. G. 1, Hart is making rapid preparations for beginning bis mail contract via the marked-tree line to Tumut, Immediately after Miss Norton's marriage ceremony on Tuesday last, the Vicar, in tho vestry, presented her, on behalf of the sub scribers, with an olegant epergne or ocntre-pioce of silver and crystal. On tbe hasewan ™»mrml the following:— 'Presonted to Miss Norton by some of the parishioners of St. John's Ohuroh, Gundagai, June, 1882,' For a long time past, Miss Norton has rendered valuable assistance in all church matters, more especially in the choir, where her rich alto voico was a ' marked feature in the musical portion af the service, and tbe occasion of her marriago was ohosen as a fitting ono for graoefully acknowledging her past aid. We oordially wish both Dr. and Mrs, Qgg all human happiness. After about six months' spell, tho Band of Hope resumed its monthly ontertainmonts on Friday evening last in tho Wesleyan Church, North Gundagai, The attendanco was en couraging, being ajjout a huudrod, mostly young men and boys, who, though at timos inclinod to be jolly and light-hearted, were on the whalo woll-couduotea. Mr, 8. Taylor, the newly- oleotcd yioo-president, was chairman, Tbe choir commenced the proceedings by sing, ing a Band of Hope song, 'Maroh an,' fallowed with prayer. Tbe chairman made a fow intro ductory remarks, when tho choir rendered ?? Iiet it pass |' Mr. James Jutland recited 'Tho Quakor'e.mooting ; ' Miss M. Janes sang ' Wo'd better bjde a' wee ; ' Master B. Putland recited \-- The Fakenham Ghost ; ' the ohoir sang ' If we try ; ' Mr. John Putland recited boldly and distinctly ' Is it anybody's business P ' Miss M. Janes sang ' Come arouse- ; ' Mr, H. Bussell, junior, recited 'Timothy Hubble; ' Miss M, Cullon recited ' The drunkard's ohild ; ' tbe choir sang «' We shall do it j ' Mr. James Put land recited f John Mayuard ; ' Master B. Beod recited ' The drunkard's boy.' Tbo ohairman hero made an earnest appeal to the youth before him never to touch, taste, nor handlo intoxicat ing drinks— except, of course, under medical direction, From personal experience he could Unhesitatingly say that tomperance— total absti nence— was the best for; a man in every way, He knew what it was to drink, and what it was to refrain from drinking, and knew as well as anyone in the district which was best, namely total abstinence. Ho also knew bow hard it was to break off the habit of drinking when once it were formed, and for this reason urged upon those present not to : touch, taste, nor handle it, The ohoir then sang ' Love shall be tbe conqueror;' Master B. Jutland recited very mirthfully 'Johnny's soliloquy ;' Miss M. Janes reoited ' Dre'ful tired.' The Nationul Anthem and. benediction closed the meeting, i ? ' ' ' , : .' ? '?.- '? : . '. .. .?' A Painful Accident happened at Bangus on Monday last to a young man named John Elpbic, employed as a fonoor there, Ho was driving a .horse, whon by somo mieobanoo be was knoukod dawn, and sustained what is known as Potts's fracture — that is, a fraoture of tbe small bono of tho leg and dislocation of the bones of tbe ankle. He was brought into town and piacod under Dr. Marshall's treatmont, and in a very short timo tho dislocation was reduced and the fraoture set, and tbo patient was enabled to return homo the same evening, A VERT handsome bride-oake was exhibited on Monday in tho window of Mr. Bibo, our local pastrycook and. confectioner, Its dooora tion was a work of art, and showed what our little town was capable af turning out. Our local fruiterer Dillon was exhibiting for sale yeBtorday some apples and pears of a very fine description, grown by old Mr. Galloway at Upper Adolong, The pears turned tbe scale at Jibs, each, and we were informed that the grower had same in hia garden aver 4 lbs, in weight, The Upper Adolong climate is ad mirably adapted far mast kinds of fruit, and there is not a mare practical gardener, or ono who can grow better fruit, than Mr, Calloway. Wa have reoeived the May number of tho Colonial Printers' Art' Journal, published by Messrs. Batson and Atwater, of Bond-atroot, Sydney. Besides .the excellent reading- roittor whioh it contains, and which is of interest to printers especially, it is most artistically printod, and illustrates to what perfection letter-press printing has been brought. Tho title page, and publishers1 card are works of typographical art. ?' ? ... . The following soleotiana woro taken up at tbe Gundagai land-ofilco ycstorclny :— . T. McAlister, 240a, Mitta Mitta, Bank N.S.W., T6a, Oalufat A, McAlister, 30a, Gobaralang A, Drain, 40a, Oalafat G. W. Dennis, 42a, Yaven M, A. Whiticker, 200a, Mundarla J. Brown, 400a, Mundarlo J. Cheetham, 120a, Willie Ploma, . M, Quirk, sun., 40a, Wngra D. MoKinnon, S0a, Wagra F. Frost, 320a, Wagra —Total 1578a, A meeting of members of the Church of Eng land was recently held at Hay, when it was ! resolved, ' that in the opiniou of this mooting ( Hay should beoomo tbe seat of the Bishop of Biverina, it being directly iu communication , with the metropolis, being tho most centrally ' situated town in tbe now dioccso, nnd possessing advantages' which no other town in the proposed bishopric does,' Consequent upon this, it was [ further resolved ' that, in the event of Hay be- ' coming the seat of the bishop, we pledge our- ' selves to use our best endeavors to provide a ?' residence and . cathedral.' A committee was : formed to take the matter in hand and use their I best endeavors to have Hay made, the seat of the | Bishop of Biverina, ' ? A 51 AX namod Hurley, of Hotham, Melbourne, paid £io for biting pieces out of a constable's ^eg;_ Expensive, refreshment, There is evidently something . radioaUx: ?wrong in connection with tho inanagomontoi the General Post Office. A system of peculation is understood to have sprung up of lato, which seems ta defy detection. Certain business people af tho oity, who are iu tho habit of re. ceiving regular remittances of money through the Post OfBoe, have for somo time past had to complain of .tho non-roceipt of their letters ; and latterly the ovil has assumed greater proportions. To such an extont had this system of letter stealing been carried that tho heads of the de partment were at longth constrained to make a speoial effort to catch tbe guilty party or partios. Thoy even supplemented tho efforts of their offioials by obtaining tho services of the deteo tives. B,ut the thieves wore too clever ta be oaugbt, ' ' TiiS odunti-y' Boards af Advioe in Yiotoria, generally condemn tho introduction of the Bible into State schools, .., ? I The Now York oorrospondont of the JleraU quotes some statistics, which show that the Maine Prohibitory Law has, so far from decreas ing pauporism and orinio, boon an officiout agent in produoiug thorn.' It will bo remoinbered that same time ago a man wus* kioked ta death in Foveaux-streot Sydney, and two men were committed for trial for the orime. At the inquest a. third one was implicated, and a warrant was made out for his arrost. On the 8th May at Moama a man I named Foloy, or Fitzgerald, was apprehondod ! by Constable Devino, and taken before Mr. i Donaldson, P.M., on snspioion of being tbe man Foloy Murray, for whose apprehension, on a pharge of murder, Mr. Coroner Shiel, of Sydney, issued bis warrant in April last,1 The oonstable gave evidonce that bis prisoner corresponded in every particular with the description in the Police Oqzette of tbe man wanted, for whose ap-. prohonsiou a reward httd-beon offered, On tbi» deposition his Worship' remanded the prisoner to Sydney, and he was last week brought before 'Mr. Crane, S.M., at the Central Police Court, when Sergeant Hawkins, of the Sydney polioe, deposed not only that tho prisoner was not the man described in the Gazette, but also that be does not answer the published description, The prisoner was, of course, at once discharged. This is oertainly a very hard case, and muob sympathy is felt for tho unfortunate man. Only ono blackfellow claimed the blanket at Inverell, Spofforth took nine of the Lancashire team's wickets in one innings. The demon's tail is growing again, Dingoes in the north-west of Viotoria are eating up the stock. Pics, sheep, calves, and full-grown cattle have been attacked. Startling revelations have been made by the Friendly Societies' Commission concerning tho bolting of treasurers and the rottenness of cer tain old clubs. ??;'??. The air motor will not be used on the Sydney trams at present. The Agent-General does not like them,— as they are at present new in Eng land. The Liguria'a mails have been delivered in Sydney iu 35 days. The trial of McLean at Beading for high treason in firing at tho Queen, began and ended on tho 19th of April, tho jury giving a verdict of not guilty, on tho ground of Insanity, which was dearly proved by tbe ovidonoe. M'Loan's brain was affected IS years ago by a wound in tho head, and eight years later an export ro oommondod modioal supervision. He was always subject to delusions, Ho was detained ono year in Bath Asylum as a homicidal maniac, Ooun and Co,, last week, at Wileannia, trcatod a fow frionds ta tho novelty of a drive Mb, Christopher Newton, who failed many years ago, has paid all his old creditors in full, Tiisbe were 01 fires in Sydney and suburbs last year, in which 2.3 houses wore totally des troyed, and 12 others seriously damaged. An old man named George M'Quillan, 112 years of age, died at tho Livorpool Asylum on Qucon's birthday. Ho had been in tho colony 48 years, He drank the Queen's health on hor birthday only a short timo before his death took plaoe. South Australia has tho lougost line in Australia — 100J miles, from Adolaido to Tarina The distanco from Sydney to Albury is 386 miles of railway. It hns boon~oomputed that thero are 3424 known languages, but of these many aro but dialects, A Good Templar lodge has been formed on board H.M.O.S, Wolverine. : In connection with tho case of the young man namod Clarson, who reoently recoivod a BOhtence at the Quartor Sessions far bigamy, a vory in teresting instance of generosity on the part of some soamcu has, says the 8. M. Herald, coma under our notice It will bo remembered that tho prisoner was brojght baok from Lord Howe Island with his wife in the Government steamer Thotie. That vossol had conveyed to the island a numbor of scientific gentlemen, who were so pleased with the efforts of the scamon on board to mako thorn comfortable that thoy raisod a subscription of about £5 for tho raon to divido amongst themselves. The . sailors, however, with raro delioaoy and 'generosity, presonted the whole amount to tho poor deceived viotim af the bigamist, and thus, by the holp of a subscription among the officers of tho steamor, onabled the unfortunate woman to return to hor friends, The Ayrshire bull, Duko, so muoh admired in Victoria, whs imported into this colony some time baok by Mr. J. E. Pemoll. Tue Melbourne thoatros aro to be carefully inspected by the police every night to see that the means of egress are in a. satisfactory condi tion, The architects and builders would have to go to work in Sydnoy before police inspection would da much goad, CTOE Irish membors in tho English House of Commons desire to put wife boaters in tbe pillory. ; ? A London papors says : — ' Lord Winoheleea has lately shown hirasolf as good at prose as he was formerly at verse. On- the ocoasion of an application ta him for patronngo and peouniary support for nn Agricultural Show at Northamp ton, he sent the following inimitable reply : — ? Sir,— I think that the oity of Northampton, having been fortunate enough to secure the flowers of Mr. Labouohero's eloquonoe and fruits of Mr. Brudlaugb's philosophy, stands in no nood of any other horticultural exhibition.— Your obedient servant, WraoHEiflEA.' Three degrees of mining speculation — Posi- tive, mine; comparative, miners; superlative, minus. A Neighbouring debating society is nerving itself up to wrestle with one question : ' When a woman and a mouse meet, whioh is the most frightened?' The Melbourne Daily Telegraph relates the j following heartless case : — ' A young girl giving the namo of Maggio Smith, who Btatod sho had ' not been long ' in the oity from Morrison's near Meredith, was brought before the city justices under painful oircumstancos. She was arrested at Hobson'e Bay railway station, where she wbb promenading about, orying and talking to her self. When taken to the oity police station she was questioned, and stated, that on tbe previous day sho had made tho acquaintance of a man who took her to the Theatre Boyal in tho even ing. Whilo they wero thoro tbe panic happened, and frightened hor vory much. Aftor they left the theatre hor now acquaiutanoo took her to a house, which she said she could point out, and she was given something ' bittor ' to drink, Sho oould not roinomber what happoned in the house, but found herself in the street in the morning. , Her story left the impression that she had been, drugged. She was remanded, for in quiry. Her parents are dead.' ? TnE religious world will be stunned by the announcement which is published that Bishop 4£oorhause'and-- MrSi'MoarhausQ i»ve .daaid$f on witnessing the play of ' Jo' at the Princess Thoatre, Melbourne, one evoning next week, for the benefitof ; tho Children's1 Hospital. The Bov. Dr.'Blackio, the Greek profossor at the Dublin University, took the same bold step while Miss Jennie Loo acted ?? Jo ' in that oity. and brought upon himself a plentiful crop of anathemas, - Boney, the blaokfellow who is wantod for serveral murders, was clovorly captured at St. George last week by Constables Hearey and Booho, He had disguised himsolf and sneaked into town to boo the races, but was tracked into the Commercial Hotel yard and oapturod. The knife with which he killed his last victim was ??WHATdoyou think,' writes a Singleton cor respondent, ' of lucerne hay nt £8 10s and ' on the rise,' in a district whoro it often sells as low as 30s to 36s.' It is something to speak nbout when six piocanninios in one aboriginal family oan be found, Suohafamily presented theraselvesbefore tbe Police Magistrate at Singleton to receive tbe annual gift of blankets. A CHILD aged ten years, the daughter of Mr. Edward Myles, of Camperdown, was burnt to death, owing to her clothes catching fire. She died last Friday.. : A correspondent writing in the Argut with reforonoo to tho pioneer navigator of the Murray, says i — ' It is impossible to look back a few yoars without being struck with the number of well-known useful livos that have loft us— some as colonial statesmen, othors as literary, soien tifio, and professional men, others engaged in commerce, but there is one, possibly, whoso memory should stand out more prominently than any of the othors, and that is Francis Cadoll, In years gone by Captain Cadoll onterod on the Murray Biver eohome, and assisted by his frionds and bis own means (together £35,000) opened up the stream to steamers as far ob Albury— just 2000 milos from the Murray mouth, This accomplished, he turned his atten tion to tbe Murrumbidgee and the Darling, both of which he was eminently sueoessf ul in navigat ing, as the depots he established on these, rivers can testify. Had Captain Cadoll lived there is no question that the Governments of New South Wales, Victoria, and South Australia would have awarded him grants of land for tho services rendered to the various colonies, but just as he was about plucking the ripe fruit he was snatohed away. His oanneotions, howevor, re main, and are fully entitled to woighty consider ation from the soveral Governments, as their relative did so much far tho oolonios in Aus tralia. Some gold is found about the old Wedin Mountain still. One Qr on foil storekeeper bought 1040 oz. last quartor. , Correspondence has passed betwoen tho rail way departments at Viotoria and New South Wales relative to the oharges for trafflo in Bivorina. On the 19th ultimo the Viotorian Department oommunioated with Mr. Goodohnp, OommisBionor for Bailways, New South Walos, inquiring whotber ho was preparod to entor into a mutual arrangement respecting tho rates of oonvoyanco for Bivorina wool and general mor ohandise, with a viow to prevent the oharges being reduced so as to become unremunorative to oither colony. Under dato May 30, Mr. Goodobap repliod to the effeot that the Victorian Department was wrong in assuming that the rates for carriage of wool botween Hay and Sydnoy wero unromunorative, as they returned a good profit, and might, in fact, be largely re duced without loss. He regrets that the Vic torian rates aro not profitable, and would bo willing to favorably entertain a proposition which, while not disturbing tbo natural courso of trade, would have tho offoot of increasing tho rates of carriage in both colonies, but as tho New South WaleB oharges now returned a profit, a ' uniform rate would be oloarly unnecessary, Mr. Goodchap exprossod his rogret in notioing that tho Viotorian Department, notwithstanding a desire professed to raise the rates, had sinco the date of writing further reduced them. A REMARKABLE feature in tho flnanoial con dition of this and tho neighbouring colonies is the improved return from the publio investment in railways. The investment has become almost self supporting in Now South Wales. Ex-Constable Mauood, who procured, wit nessos to swoar falsely in order to trump up a oaso, and was oommitted for trial, has dis appeared, and bis bondsmen are in a fix! WBiLE'walking near the Ciroular Quay, Syd ney, a few evenings Binoo, Mr. Groig, manager of tho Sussox-streot branoh of tbe Bank of Aus tralasia, was suddenly struck upon tho obeek with the bottom of a glass bottlo, whioh some ruffian threw out of a dark alley. Mr. Groig failed to discover his assailant, who lost no time in making his escape. Tbe wound was seven inches in length and a quarter of an inch deep. The following aro tho Sydney entries for tbe Great Metropolitan Stakes :— String, Grip, Sal vage, Vanguard, Cheviot, Iris, Crowned Head, Fandango, Boker, Lord Lisgar, JesBie, Prima Donna, Sardonyx, Drummer, Arrow, Vauolause, Filibuster, Flight, Aido-do-oainp, Prinoe of Lome, Bapid,. Pride, Kingsworth, Daughtorof the Begiment, Tillinby, Sportsman, Constantino, Sweet William, Gudara, Paul, Guinea, Lord Olifden, Armandale, Crazy Jane, Brunnotte, Wheatear, Martindalo, Cunnamulla, Hesperian, Brian Boru, Saionara, Hosper, Hilton, Wren, WaxworkB, Stellu, Miss WhiCHor, Bupert, Colla bah, Sunshine, Cornott,Loohinvar, Settle Drum, Tattoo, Kerolito, Prootor, Legerdomain, Barber, Masquerade, Jester, Harebell, Lord Orville! Shadow, Lord Burghley, Master Avenel, Jem Tyson, Kal Kal, Manilla, Britisher, Sauntorer, ] Euinbow, Hilltop. Pirnoy, Croswiok, Strathearn, ' Segonhoo, Heola, Morpoth, GoFtwyok, Bathurst, Dunedin, Twolvo Years (late Burwood), Gipsy Cooper, Major, Vestal,' Brian O'Lynn, Baronet, and The Gem, the lattor subject to the approval of tho committee,.1' .' ? ? : .. V.: ,'.\ : j Horses aro dying in vast. numbers in tbe Northern Territory, apparently poisoned by iron stone pebbles, ? ' Judge Oansdell, says the Dullo Dispatch, nearly lost his .temper the other, da}*, .when Mr. Teeoo wasdoing the virtiiou8jy,indignan,t,, ,Rw. Honofraised'tiuisolf-'ou' the Bench and/ said, ' By George, you must^not think to sit upon me.' Teooe oollapsod, his Honor subsided, and I the audienoo did. riot know what it all meant i They evidently thought his Honor had used profane language. ' * Floriline!— For the Teeth and. Broath.-A fowiropy6ifitho liquid ' FloriUto ' *-rinkfoil on4rCTot togEn-brusb produoes ^{wmMaaor, whiablthamu|fiWy*, oleanBos the teetfi from all parantos or iinpuritios, hardens tbe gums, pro vents tartar, stops decay, givos ta the teeth n peculiar ^arly-whjfeness, and a delightful fra grance to tnh'bin'i^.^It removos all unploasant delioibusVejRie taste, and the groatost toilot dis covery of tho ago. Prioo 2s 6d, of all ohomists and perfumers. Wholesale depot removed to 33 Fnrringdon-road, London.— Adv. the try is Bill they come.} Fling to JBo .freeze tion WSCs., for all thro Ah the mffrketoVtiW world the hoide of serffle imitators are still essaying to substitute thJr wretohed oanooetious of gin for that delicate, *iadulterotod, palatable cordial known as Udtjpho Wolfe's Schiedam Aromatic Schnapps. — Alv. Valujblo Discovery for the Hair. — If yout / hai- Istudriitt grey or white, or lillingyfff, use/ original ooior\ without leaving the disagreeable smell of most ' restorers.' It makes the hair charmingly beautifulf as well as promoting the growth of Sha^h^y on bad spotsf'where the glands aro no^^^yoj. Ask your chemist for ' The Moxioarfflair JKmeW,' »ofd by-6hemists WholesalMQpot romovodTo33 Farrington-road, London.— Adv. HoUo«4y'sOintmentpnrlPillB\£pidWounds, Sore/andjuicers.— Djily exD?rj3ioe orfrTPrn* thoffaot^whioh has trmimphed jrifejNa^Iositiajr for vSxtiy years — -viz,, Siat no mdroadfrffctfSwn equal to Hollaway's remedies, lor curing bad legs, Bores, woundsj diseases of the skin, erysipelas, abscesses, I burns, scalds, and, in truth, all tho oases *horo the skin is broken. To euro these inSrmitia quiokly is of primary importanoo, as tho eojipuleory confinement in doors weakens tho general health. The ready means of oure are fould in Holloway's Ointment and Fills, which heat the sores and expel their oausc* In trie very cvorst cases the Ointment has succoedod in offcf ting- a porfeot 6uro, after every other means jhas failod of giving any relief, Desperate- oeea host display its virtues. —Adv. f Dew of the Alps. — \ f the mountains; of '' Switzerland wero roall, baptiBed Jnghj^und mvnin^* with this inc nparable^ixij^ there woflmbe an immense ru i of omi^ant^to-tBaJ oountry and take it. Tt ' Dewll the^SJpO^5 whioh, for a period wher -f the memuy of mart runneth not the contra f, has been tbe native tonio of the Swiss pco( o, does no*, however,, come direct from the- st is, although th» aro matio horb whioh formB its restorativ* basis is one of the choicest giftstf heaven. Chemistry has nevor developed frouf the vegetable kingdom a more delicious or a mt§e useful cordial. It is nectar to the palate, anofvitolity to the enfeebled frame. We are glad to if e that it is now proour ablo in this market. Khe manufacturers have reoently consigned it ij considerable quantities to their sole- agents hoi,. Messrs. M. Mobs and Co. It is alroady a pojular artiole. and. tho roughly deaorves its popularity..— Adv. 