ACADEMY OF MUSIC. A grand audience greeted the production of Shakspeare’s great play, “Hamlet,” at the Academy of Music last evening. Mr Dewhurst assumed the title rofe, but he did not appear to such advantage in the part of Hamlet as he has done in other characters during the present Shakspearian festival. Hamlet is a character of which it may be said that but little yet is known, notwithstanding the many attempts that have been made to define this, the moat subtle of Sbakepeare’s creations. Mr Dew* hurst has evidently made a study of the character, and whilst not being a slave to tradition, retains much of the good old style. Still, there is a something wanting, which detracts a little from the merit of an otherwise painstaking performance. The audi* euce was immensely pleased with Mr Dew burst’s acting throughout, but it must be stated that better Hamlets have been produced on the Ballarat stage. His.diction was fault* less, while he places before the audience in a rather matter-of-fact kind of style the irreso lution, superstition, hastiness, and gentleness of the part he undertakes. Mr W. J. Hollo way was successful as the ghost, bis fine voice, faultless elocution, commanding appearance, and excellent address, all assisting to render his performance an undoubted success. Mr Chas. Holloway as Poloniua was good, but Mr Metcalfe as the King lacked depth and inten sity, while Mr Hans Phillips as Laertes assumed the part with his customary grace. The Ophelia of Miss Annie Mayor cannot admit of two opinions, it being unique in conception and effective in realisation. -Her assumption of the character was an undoubtedly great perform* ance, and the applause so liberally bestowed upon her during the evening was well de served. Mrs Walter Hill made a dignified Queen, and Miss Jeoyns a graceful and dainty Osric, The play was well presented in every respect. For this evening a grand double bill is promised, comprising “ The Merchant of Venice” and u Katherine and Petruchio,” a programme sufficiently attractive to draw another large house. 