Jfyarimfl. THE ADELAIDE HUNT CLUB RACES. SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 23. Stewards—Sir Thomas Elder, Hon. R. C. Baker, M.L.C., Messrs. C. B. Hardy, R. T. Reid, and R. Barr Smith. Race Committee —Messrs. H. Bickford, C. H. T. Hart, A. R. Malcom, and J. L. Stirling, ALP. Judge— Mr, E. M. Bagot. Starter—Mr. W. Blackier. Hon. Secretary—Mr. E. G. Blackmore. Clerk of the Course—Mr. Horton Parr. The rapid improvement exhibited in racing during the last few years has not extended to the gatherings held by the Adelaide Hunt Club. Fields were smaller on Saturday than they were at the opening meeting of the Club in '69, and if during the interval the competition has been less than this year, a total of twenty horses for six races was a miserable result when the number of horses in training is taken into account. . This state of things has, we have little hesitation in saying, been brought about by the very exclusive principle upon which the programme for the meeting was framed. The committee purposely exclude all horses other than those whicn come under the heading of "hunter." For a Hunt Club meeting this seems a most proper departure ' from the old system • but there are not enough hunters in active nse to fill a programme of six events, and a supply of genuine amateur riders would not be forthcoming if the horses were found. In past years nearly all the recognised steeplechasers were in the Hunt Cup, and it was one of the most interesting events of the year. On Saturday Rory O'More, Rupertswood, Hotspur, ana Taxaraxacum represented the public jumpers, and with three of these backed heavily, some two months ago, the interest in the race was confined to them from the day the nominations appeared. Next year, if we may judge by the remarks of the ring, who have been so cleverly "landed" over Rory O'More, there will be no ante-post betting over the C#p, in which case the Rory O'Mores and Taxaraxacums will not run the risk of earning a qualification certificate, and the Club will nave still fewer horses spread over their races. The weather on Saturday was, during the morning, as disagreeable as can be imagined. DuBt blew in clouds, and those who went to the course by the road must have had a most uncomfortable drive. For all that, the "upper ten" class remained true to the meeting, and the Stand was crammed, while the paddock has never before held so many carriages at any one time. Summer costumes were plentiful, and the ladies are evidently becoming reconciled to the .lawn as . a promenading ground. In the Derby Stand and outside the enclosure the public were fairly represented, and that was ail, but there was a great crowd on the flat near the totalizator; and the lawn, while the races were being run, presented very little standing room. His Excellency Sir William Jervois arrived in time to see the Cup run, and afterwards he had the pleasure of presenting Mr. Turner with that coveted trophy. The Military Band was in attendance, and we are glad to see that our racing clubs have come to recognise thedesirability of providingtheir patrons with first-class music. The railway time-table was somewhat disarranged by the want of punctuality observed in starting the races, but as Mr. Allen hadplenty of carriages available there was no difficulty experiencd in getting back to town. Five of the six coloured put in an appearance for the Maiden Hunters' Steeplechase, and Glenorchy was most fancied, though the betting done was of a most insignificant character. The chesnut, who looked very well, came down a purler at the first of the treble, and with Conspirator's condition failing him, Esca, well and very quietly ridden by his owner, had the race in hand during the last mile. The Cup came next, and as Hotspur was in reserve for the last race the field stopped at seven. In the paddock Rupertswood, who is a most commanding looking horse, attracted most attention perhaps ; but he will see a better day, and while in point of condition Rory 0 More looked the fittest of the party, the next best in this respect were the slow-going Kildare and Taxaraxacum, while Hamlet was a mere-shadow of his former self, and old Charlie and Sir Ewan looked very light and bad. At the post even money was taken about Rory O'More, and we never saw Harry TotliUl so confident about a race. The confidence reposed in the chesnut caused Taxy and Rupertswood to stand at 4 to 1, but the reputation of the stable gained friends for Kil- <!are at 5 to 1. Before they had gone half a mile backers of the favourite got a nasty spasm, as he refused the second of the double, out as none of the riders cared to go along, Mr. Turner was with them again at the walL Here Taxaraxacum, who had stopped before, again got the better of Mr. Young, and from tnis out it was a match between Rory and Rupertswood. The latter went up to the chesnut three quarters of a mile from home and took the lead ; but just when victory seemed assured he toppled over, and Rory O'More came home alone. Rupertswood lay on the ground for some time, and at first it was thought that he had ended his career in the same way as Roebuck; but after a while he got up and was led away to Mr. Dakin's. Considering the amount of ground he lost, Rory O'More ran a j:ood race, and the victory of Mr. Turner was v ery popular, as his last two rides in the Cup have resulted in seconds. His ride on Saturday was a most uncomfortable one, as Sarchedon's relative is as cunning as a fox, and made several attempts to get off his feuces. After luncheon had been disposed of, Mr. Moore and Mr. Turner entered the Governor's box, and the former received the very handsome cup won by Rory O'More. Mr. Moore then presented the trophy to Mr. Turner as the rider of the horse. Odds were laid on Shylie Bawn for the Flat Race, but she had not the ghost of a show with Albatross, who is a fine-looking horse, and a cut above hunting company. The Drag Cup produced a good race l>etween old Barney and Kildare. A triumph for the Master would have been immensely popular, but unfortunately he did not see the second fence of the double until he had passed it, and the task of making up his lost ground took so much cut of old Barney that he could hardly raise a canter at the finish, and Mr. Young won easily with Kildare. Rory O'More and Albatross were in about equal favour for the Hurdles, but the Cup winner baulked again and left Albatross with the very easy task of beating Red Lancer. The owner of Rory O'More very wisely declining to run his horse under 12 st. 12 lb., the Hunters' Stakes was reduced to five runners. Of these Hotspur was a moral on public form after Taxaraxacom's display in the Cup, and he came in alone. Taxy got the course, and on returning to scale a protest was entered against Hotspur on the ground- that he was not properly qualified to run. He is not, we believe, the property of his nominator, but was entered under the rule which allows a full hunting member to nominate a horse not his property provided he himself hunts him six times. Mr. (Bickford only hunted Hotspur three times, but it is said that the other three runs were excused on condition that the horse was lent to the Club for the use of the Huntsman. However, the conditions of the races and the rules of the Hunt Club are so complicated that it is impossible to guess at the interpretation which will be Dnt upon them in this case. The amount that went through the totalizator was £4,502, and the dividends were :—Maidens, £3 15s : Cup, £2 lis.; Flatrace. E2 15s.; Drag Can. £S J6s.; Hurdles, £1 ICs. The dividend in the Hunters'Stakes was of course held over. MAIFEN HUNTERS' STEEPLECHASE. A sweepstakes of 2 so vs. each, with 30 sovs and a OTP (presented by Mr. Stcicer) added. About two miles. Mr. G. XflBfciveil's hr.g. Esca, by Trgeagle, aged, 10 lit. 7 )1>, (Owner) .. j Mr. S. FtrryV g.s. Conspirator fiate Dan Keliv), aped, II ft S ib. (Mr. J. Cornelius) .. \\. 2 JJr. G. K. Son-Bra's g.m Aariy tspev, 6 vrs. or S, 12 St. (Mr. Chapman) ." .. 3 Mr. J. Brown's c.b. Glenorchy, aged, 11 st. 8 lb. (Owner). Mr. C. D. I/ongson's r.g. Cockatoo, aged, 9 st. 10 lb. (Mr. H. Cornelias). Betting—6 to 4 agst. Glenorchy, 2 to 1 Esca, 4 to 1 others. Cockatoo, Glenorchy, and Conspirator cleared the first jump almostjtogether, with Lady Grey next, and Esca last. At the third obstacle Glenorchy came.down, and Conspirator held a flight lead over Cockatoo as they jumped the treble in front oil the Stand, the other pair lying well up. The two leaders ran abreast till opppsite the Stand, where Cockatoo had had enough, and Esca took his place, the grey mare also passing Cockatoo at the double. Esca and Conspirator -were in the air together at the last jump, but the former had the pace home, and eantered in twelve lengths ahead, Ladv Grey being the same distance on Conspirator, time, 4 min. 47 sec. ADELAIDE HUNT CLUB CCP. . A welter handicap sweepstakes of 6 sovs. each, with 60 sovs. and a cop added; second horse, 20 SOTS, from the stake; third horse, 10 sovs. About four miles. Mr. R. T. Moore's c.g. Rory O'More, by Corsair, aged, 12 st. (Mr. R. M. Turner) 1 Mr. J. Hay's br.g. Kildare, aged, 11 st 7 lb. (Mr. E. H. Irwin) 2 Mr. C. W. Bowman's c.g. Hamlet, aged, 12 st. 5 lb. Air. H. A. Chauman) .3 Mr. M. C. Morris's bk.g. Taxaraxacum, aged, 12 st 7 lb. (Mr. W. H. Young). Mr. 3. Ferry's g.g. Sir Ewan, aged, 11 st. 12 lb. (Mr. J. Cornelius). Mr. E. Bowman's e.g. Rupertswood, 6 yrs. or aged, 11 st. 10 lb. (Mr. P.. Fergusson). * Mr. T. L. Cottrell's cr.g. Charlie, aged, 10 st 7 lb. (2 lb. over) (Lazar). Betting—6 to 4 agst. Rory O'More, 100 to 30 Taxaraxacum, 100 to 25 Rupertswood, 100 to 20 Kildare, 100 to 15 Hamlet, 100 to 10 Sir Ewan. After going a hundred yards the favourite shot to the front, closely attended bv Rupertswood, and they jumped the first fence 'With Charlie, Sir Ewan, Taxy, Kildare, and Hamlet following in the order, and well strung out. At the second of the double Rory whipped round, and Rupertswood went on from Charlie and Sir Ewan, the others running in .much (he same order as at starting nntil they reached the Stand,_ where Rory O'More, who had been quickly set going again, was running fourth. At the wall Taxy got the better of Mr. Toting, and after getting over this he fell at Elder's. Sir Evan-then tootcommand from Charlie, and Rupertswood dropped back to Rory, this pair being followed at a respectful interval by Kildare and Hamlet to the first of the double, where there was a change, Sir Ewan coming down and leaving Rory in front from Charlie and Rupertswood, while Kildare and Hamlet were still keeping each other company in the rear. The favourite was followed by Rupertswood and Charlie over the fences in front of the .Stand, after jumping the last of which the cream pony made a dart-for the-saddling paddock. Rory and Rupertswood pursued the even tenor of their way until the double bad been safely negotiated for the third time, and then Rupertswood ran up to get the measure of the favourite, and the pair came along at their best pace. At the halfmilepost Rory appeared well beaten, but the last fence brought Rupertswood down a crasher, and the chesnut getting safely over he cantered in fifty yards in front of Kildare, with Hamlet a bad third, and Charlie fourth. Rupertswood was badly shaken, and did not get up for some time. Time, 9 min. 46 sec. HUNTERS' FLAX RACE. A sweepstakes of 2 sovs. each, with a cup (presented by Mr. Wendt) and 20 sovs. added. Sweeps to go to second horse. Welter weights for age. One mile and three-quarters. Mr. M. C. Morris's b.g. Albatross, by Croagh Patrick, 5 yrs., 11 st 3 lb. (Mr. Nankivell) .. 1 Mr. J. L. Stirling's g.m. Shylie Bawn, aged, 12 st. 1 Ib. (Mr. H. A. Chapman) 2 Mr. A. F. Scammell's c.g. Red Lancer, aged, 12 st. 1 Ib. (Mr. Fergusson) 3 Betting—5 to -4 on Shylie Bawn, 2 to 1 agst. Albatross. Red Lancer made play round the turn, and was followed by Albatross and Shylie Bawn to the Leger post, where . the three closed, and Albatross coming away in the run home won hard held by six lengths, Red Lancer, a bad third. Time, 3 min. DRAG CCP. A sweepstakes of 4 sovs., with 50 sovs. and a cup (presented by three members) added. About three miles. Mr. J. Hay's br.g. Kildare, by Australian Buck, aged, 12 st 51b. (Mr. W. H. Young) .. ..1 Mr. H. Bickford's br.g. Barney, aged, 12 st. 8 lb. (Owner) 2 Mr. J. Tennant's b.g. Eclipse, aged,.ll st. 13 lb. (Owner). Mr. C. W. Bowman's b. or br.g. Cupid, 6 yrs. or aged, 12 st 8 lb. (Mr. Irwin). Betting—6 to i agst Barney, 2 to 1 Kildare and Eclipse, 3 to 1 Cupid. When the word was given Mr. Bickford led off, and at Elder's the -Master showed the way from Eclipse, Kildare, and Cupid. At the second of the double Barney and Eclipse both ran oS and Kildare showed the way to the Stand, where Barney took second place with Cupid, who was thoroughly done, third, and Eclipse last. At Elder's the latter stopped, and with Mr. Jrwin persevering with Cupid when he could hardly put one leg before the other he got a nasty fall opposite the Stand. Kildare and Barney contrived to peg along in close company, and when the latter landed the quicker after jumping the last fence he looked like winning, but the old fellow tired to nothing as they came on, and Kildare getting in front he won very easily by two lengths. MEMBERS' HURDLES. r A welter handicap sweepstakes of 4 sovs. each, with 30 sovs. and a cup. (presented by members) added. About three miles. Mr. M. C. Morris's b.g. Albatross, by Croagh Patrick, 6 yrs., 12 st. 4 lb. (Mr. A. Fergusson .. 1 Mr. A. F. Scammell's c.g. Red Lancer, aged, list. 12 lb. (Mr. P. Fergusson) 2 Mr. R. T. Moore's c.g. Rory O'More, aged, 12 st. (Mr. R. M. Turner) 3 Mr. J. L. Stirling's g.m. Shylie Bawn, aged, 12 st. 7 lb. (Mr. H. A. Chapman). Betting—Even and 7 to 4 agst. Rory O'More, 2 to 1 and 6 to 4 agst. Albatross, 4 to 1 Shylie Bawn and Red Lancer. Albatross and Shylie Bawn showed the way over the first hurdle, Rory lying last, and after rounding the turn Albatross took a good lead. Shylie fell opposite the Stand, and Rory took second place to the top of the straight, where he ran oS, and Albatross, who jumped the wing, came past the Stand six lengths in front of Red Lancer, from this out it was only a case of the leader jumping, and Mr. Fergusson keeping him on his hurdles he won, pulling up, by a length. Rory cantered in third. Time, 7 min. 1 sec. HUNTERS' STAKES STEEPLECHASE. A handicap sweepstakes of 4 sovs. each, with 50 sovs. added. About three miles. Mr. J. P. Bickford's b.g. Hotspur, aged, 12 st (Mr. J. P. Bickford) .. 1 Mr. M. C. Morris's bk.g. Taxaraxacum, aged, 12 st. 91b. (Mr. W H. Young) .. .. .. .. 2 Mr. E. G. Blackmore's bk.g. Regal, aged, 11 st. 4 lb. (Mr. P. Fergusson) Mr. S. Ferry's g.g. Conspirator • (late Dan Kelly), aged, 11 st. 5 lb. (Mr. Lazar). Betting—Even agst Hotspur, 2 to 1 Regal, 5 to 1 Taxaraxacum. Taxy led away, followed by Hotspur, Conspirator, and Regal, and they jnmped the fence at Elder's in this order. At the next Taxy was nearly down, and at the double he stopped, Hotspur going on from Regal and Conspirator to the fence at the top of the straight, when Regal fell. Hotspur and Conspirator ran m close company over the treble, and at the wall Taxy ran off among the crowd. The other two kept well together to the double, when Conspirator, whose rider had been rolling all over him from.the start, came down, and left Hotspur to canter in a'quarter of a mile ia front of Taxaraxacum. A protest against the winner was left in abeyance. MELBOURNE SPORTING NEWS. [By Telegraph.] September 24. At Flemington on Saturday Fryiugpan did a very good gallop, and in the evening thelstable backed him for a considerable sum up to 10 to 1. 