HIYDRAULICO POWER IN LONDON. (crom the Daily Neus'.) PrnsoNs with an engineering turn of mind have often made it their hobby to render their houses mechanical curiosities. Mr. Edgeworthl appears to have been given to this mode of exercising his ingenuity. His house, says Sir Henry Holland, was full of contrivances for making the ordinary acts of life subserve other and unforeseen uses. The mere opening and shutting of certain doors, for instance, set in motion machinery for winding up clocks or raising weights in other parts of the house. Winstanley, the unfortunate builder of a wooden lighthouse on the Eddystone, was another eccentric genius who delighted in such mechanical contrivances, which in his hands often took the form of practical jokes. A visitor to his house who should put his foot into a slipper in his bedroom conjured up a ghost on the hearthrug before him. Ho would throw himself into an easy chair, and immediately found himself firmly clasped in the arms of it ; and if he sauntered into the garden, he would presently be astonished to find him self afloat on a canal. When electricians and sanitarians and engineers of one sort and another have worked their will with us for another generation or two, most of our houses will probably be as full of mechanical contrivances. The latest project for London is one by which hydraulic power is to be placed at the disposal of anybody who cares to have one more pipe carried into his promises, and does not object to the period ical visit of one more rate collector. Feiw people know much about this hydraulic force, or what it can be made to do. Very few are aware how multifarious are the funcitions it already performs. Just now! and again it is brought into prominence among the forces at the disposal of on gineers, and people almost stand aghast itt its tremendous capabilities. There are those who well remember the sensation occasioned :by the exhibition of its power at the Menai tubular bridge, where two tubes; each weigh ing nearly two thousand tons, had to be hoisted a hundred feet into the air. A later `display of it was in the launcliing of the Great Eastern. Brunel, it may be remem bered, found it necessary to shove the monster he had created sideways down into the water. The total weight of the vessel was, we suppose, some ten or twelve thod sand tons, and some very faint idea of the power that was brought to bear upon it may possibly be conveyed by the statement that one of the hydraulic rams burst: under a pressure of 12,000 lbs. to the square inch. The mention of a ship in this connection recals to mind a curious application of this same force, and on no trivial scale, on board the' ill-fated Bessemer steamship. This vessel, as everybody knows, was intended to ,do away with sea-sickness, and in the middle ,of.it had a swinging saloon, some seveiaty feet long, the least movement of which could be counteracted by a siigloe motion of the haad operating on a hydraulioc rin. Another unfortunate scheme ipresented a very striking display of this tremendous force. The steam-ferry across the Thames, near the Thames tunnel, had to be brought at all states of the tide on a level with a platform on either side of the 'river, or rather the platforms had to be birought on ia level with the ferry, and it was very ourious to see what had the appearance of a seotion of a roadway, and perhaps thine or four heavily-laden carts or vans with their men and horses, all fitted or dropped by a slight miovement of a single hand upon a lover. The unobtrusiveness of the force is very im pressive. There is none of the fuss and -fume` of steam. power, and the actual hydraulio machinery lies in a wonderfully -small" compass. All the promises of the various dock companies in the port of Lon don 'are permeated by this force, yet there is little to see and no noise. 'Jumbo may be hoisted on board a vessel, oi dock gates may be opened 'or shut, or hogsheads of sugar. may be lifted out of the hold of a 'vessel as though they were nutmegs but there are no engines to be seen, and the meounwho maiuipulate the power rarely know anything about it. The cranes in the West India Docks will, we believe, lift 80 tons with ease, and at Woolwich the same silent power must, we suppose, be capable of doing twice or three times as much. This same giant is as capable of small achieve ments as of great ones. In the West India Docks, for instance, it has within the past year or two beeoon set to perform what looks to be rather an ignominious task by com parison with most of its doings. All coffee coming into the dock here is turned out of the receptacles it comes in, in order to be soited according to the size and colour of the. berry. When it comes to be returned to the casks in which it has arrived, there is always a diffloulty in getting it in, and labourers used to be employed to thump the aides of the barrels with mallets, This thumping is now done by hydraulio power, The barrel is placed in the middle of a machine, and a little handle is turned, This altornately puts on and cuts off the wator-power, and a number of iron beaters first spring out from the sides of the re. eoptacle and then fall heavily back again, shakling the coffee- boeans into their places in about one minute, a task which formerly took six men five minutes to perform. SAnother very curious and pretty function is here roquired of this useful agent, and it is one which must, we fancy, do a good deal to reconcilo Londonors to the idea of tole. rating another system of pipes for the dis. turbance of the streets. In the dooltcks the wator-mains are under constant pressure; but here, as elsewhere, it is found that as a means of grappling with a fire pressure it altogether inadequate. Tile first outburst of the water is powerful onough; but the fact of its outbursting instantly relieves the pressure, and the column of water falls, and is no longer availablo for any considerablo hoeight, The doock companies, howover, are able most effectually to remedy this by carrying into their utand-pipeos a jet from their hydraulic mains. Roinforcd by this powerful auxiliary, the column of water wlhich spurted up feebly and mostly in the form of a spray rises instantly in a denso and offeootive stream to agreat height. Tihe oompany about to carry thoeo hydraulic mains through the streets for tho con venienc of anyone who chooses to pay for ithlavo, it must he confessed, a strong point over and abovo their act of parliatument when thoy.urgo that they will be prepared to do for the publio protection just what the dock eompanmcs now do for their own security, 'They will hlav their pipoes under the road. way alongsido the water mains, and it will but require that a connection shall be pro vided between the two systems at each stand-pipo to render thgir pressure of some 7001bs. or 8001bs. to the square inch available for fire extinction purposes. This would undoubtedly render the standpipe system efficient, whereas at present it is very generally found to be a failure. 