PHILHARMONIC SOCIETY. The very large attendance at the second concert of the Philharmonic Society given on Thursday, March 30. in the Town Hall may be taken as a proof that the Society has already asserted its claim to be recognised as one o£ the established institutions of the colony. Six monthB ago its success was problematical; now it is, we think, placed beyond a doubt. It would indeed be a disgrace to the city if such a Society were allowed to languish and give up the ghost for want of adequate sup port. Though it may not succeed in the interpretation of the noble conceptions of the great masters, it is within its power to present to the public a class of music which even the most accom plished professionals cannot perform. We refer to such works as the " Rose Maiden,"' which formed the first part of the concert last night, requiring a full band and chorus to render its design even intelligible. This, cantata is from the pen of Mr. F. H. Cowen. It has never before been performed in the colony. We are informed that the orchestral parts were scored by Mr. John HalL Mr. Pybus, the musical director of the Society, acted as conductor; Mr. W. J. McBride was the leader of the band; and the soloists were Mrs. G. Crocker Smith (soprano), Mrs. Tom linson (contralto), Mr. T. Narroway (tenor), and Mr. H. G. Nash (baritone). The performance was very creditable to the conductor and to the Society, being the evident outcome of careful rehearsal. Yet for some reason or other there was a. want of unity—an absence of coherence be tween the several numbers—which it is diffi cult to account for or explain. Mr. Hall has undoubtedly introduced some original and startling phrases into the instrumental score, and whioh, perhaps, more than the melodious Sow of the solos, or the blended harmonieB of the choruses, tended to arrest the attention and intensify the general effect; but the abrupt transitions in the several piarts to which we have referred must, we think, be attributed to the author's anxiety to produce a startling result. It may be, too_, that as the cantata becomes more familiar to the ear this feeling will wear off • We earnestly recom mend the Society, however, on the repetition of the work to issue a libretto of the words. Very much of the enjoyment of the music depends upon this; for without it toe hearer cannot associate the sentiments of the poet with their tonal interpretation by the composer. Few soloists are able to enunciate with sufficient distinctness to be clearly understood,, even in. declaiming a recitative, and, of course, in a full chorus this is out of the question. It should be men tioned that the hand consisted. of about six teen or eighteen instrumentalists, and that the entire strength of the Society numbered nearly 100 members. The cantata formed the first part of the programme, and the second part comprised selections from various composers. The orchestra, considering its strength, gave an excellent performance of the overture to " La Gazza Ladra," and this was followed hy the fine chorus from '' Ernami," " To Charles the Great," in which the solos were taken by Miss O'Sullivan and Messrs. Trowell and Mitchell. Mrs. W. It. Pybus sang very pleasantly the soprano solo " Dear Ferdinand" from " La Favorita," and Mrs. . G. Crocker Smith took the solo in the selection from Mozart's "ldomenio," "Calm is the glassy ocean," the chorus work in which was about the _best during the evening. Donoghue's " Maid of Gotha" is not a well-known work, hut there are some good selections to be_ made from it, and one of these is the trio " 0 Lovely Peace," which was well sung on the present occasion by Miss O'Sullivan and Messrs. Leake and Trowell. Mr. C. James gave the balladfrom "Lurline," "Home of my Heart," in a manner which elicited loud applause, and Mrs. Farrell and Miss Watson sang with good effect a duet by the composer of the cantata entitled " 'lis sweet in the Shade." The programme was concluded by the performance by the band of the march in Beethoven's " Ruins of Athens," and by the singing of the following chorus " Twine ye Garlands." The singing of the National Anthem brought the concert to a close. 