ON THE NIGHT OF THE STORM. 11 The shadows were lengthening on the following afternoon when Teresa, leading little Angelo by the hand, crossed the flat timbered bridge over the stream, and passing through a little wood of ilex trees whose twisted stems were bearded with long silvery moss, ascended the rough road which wound up the hillside. The reapers were leaving work, and she met throngs of merry contadini coming down from the harvest fields ; and clumsy carts laden with yellow sheaves, and drawn by great dove coloured oxen, with mighty horns and grand dark eyes. As they turned a curve in the steep road, Meraldi's voice hailed them from above. He had seen them approaching, and came to meet them, waving his hat. Angelo bounded forward, and was promptly swung up on to his father's shoulder. ' How good of you to come,' was the father's greeting, as he walked on at her side, holding the boy on his perch with one hand, 'I feared you might change your mind, and send one of the maids. But the walk has tired you — you look pale.' ' My head aches. There is thunder in the air,' replied Teresa. ' That sky threatens a storm before night,' he rejoined, nodding toward the west, where the sun was sinking in a blaze of lurid splen- dour. ' Luckily most of the wheat is carried,' he added, setting the child on his feet as they reached the little house among the vines. t was a low, white- walled build- ing of one story, with little deep-set case- ments and a pink-tiled roof shaded by an old walnut tree. She looked about her disparag- ingly. ' You are lodged like a peasant. You should have had the other house by the river.' This is well enough— and look at the view ! I can aimost see the domes of Florence, far away, and at sunrise the mountains yonder look as Dante described the hills of Paradise — "like sun illumined gold." She took her seat on the bench under the walnut tree and glanced over the wide, rich landseape, set as in a frame by the purple peaks of the majestic, melancholy Apennines. The cicali chirped among the vines ; the swallows chased each other with shrill cries, skimming round and over the cottage roof ; the ball of a little church hidden among chestnut woods in the valley was ringing for benediction. It was all sweet, pensive, and peaceful, save for tbe threat of coming storm. ' From this point yon can take in all your possessions at a glance,' said the steward, who had installed himself on an overturned lemon pot opposite to her, with the boy between his knees. 'It is a fair inheritance.' ' Too much for a single woman, as my cousin often tells me.' Some day you will give it a master, he said, with a grave smile, stroking Angelo's curls, though I am selfish enough to hope that day may be distant.' What difference will it make to you ?' she asked, turning her eyes upon him for a moment and looking away again. 'Well — when that event happens, I sup- pose I must strike my tent. You will scarcely need a steward when you have a husband to look after your interests.' True,' she acquiesced briefly, and was silent a moment. 'Should you be sorry to leave the farm ?' she asked, after a pause, examining the veins of a fallen leaf. He looked at her half reproachfully. 'What a question ! Where else shall I meet with such a home as I have had here, and such a friend as I have found in you ? I owe you more than I can ever repay, Teresa.' She shook her head with a dubious smile. He did not see how her lips quivered nor how her bodice heaved with the painful beating of her heart. 'Shall I prophesy your future as you do mine ?' she said, lightly. You will have a home of your own again and — a wife.' He shook his head, looking away toward the mountains. I shall never marry again. I might if I were alone, in the world ; I should feel the need of someone to love. But as it is — I have my child ; he is enough for me.' And, drawing the little fellow closer to him, he laid his bearded cheek on the fair, curly head. Her face changed, every trace of soft- ness leaving it. The child — always the child !' she ex- claimed, with a forced laugh ; as if there was nothing else in the world worth living for ; as if —— ' She checked herself abruptly, colouring to the temples. She dared not look at him ; she knew that he was watching her per- plexedly, and she feared he might read the secret in her eyes. At that moment she almost felt as if her love had turned to hatred. A great wave of anger rushed into her heart, filling it with pain and bitterness, then retreated, leaving her icily calm. 'You are a model father,' she said, with the same discordant laugh. 'It is to be hoped that Angelo will repay you for your devotion. But to return to what we were discussing just now. I have no present intention of marrying, but it may be neces- sary for us to part notwithstanding.' He started and looked at her as if he doubted whether he had heard correctly. 'Do you mean that you wish me to leave the farm ?' ' I do not wish it, but it must be. I came here this afternoon with the intention of telling you this.' He looked at her in silence. His eyes were troubled and perplexed. ' Have I offended you, Teresa ?' he asked, gently, at last. She shook her head. 'No.' 'Then why do you send me away ?' 'Because — because I find that gossip has been busy with our names.' He frowned. 'Baldassare told you so, I suppose ? I do not believe it ; but, even if it were true, need you care for the cackle of idle tongues ? No one who knows you would misinterpret your generous friendship for me.' She gave hima curious glance. 'No,' she acquiesced slowly; 'I suppose few people who know me would believe that I oould wish to make my servant my master. The words brought the blood to his olive cheek . He bit his lipe and looked away, more hurt than he would have cared to ac- knowledge. Never before had she made him feel his position; till that moment he had been her friend and equal. Now, all at once, a gulf opened between them. His heart sank with a sense of isolation and Ioss, and some other feeling which he could hardly define. But pride came to his aid, and it was in a tone almost as cold as her own that he replied : Perhaps you are right ; it will be better for us to part. You wish me to stay till you meet with a successor?' ' No ; I shall dispense with a steward for the present,' she said, rising. I will bring the books to-morrow evening and go over them with you.' ' It is not necessary ; you can send them. Good-bye.' 'Teresa !' he exclaimed, in a tone of pain that went to her heart, this is not to be our parting? You dismiss me without a word of regret — I, who have been your faithful friend and servant so long' — and his voice faltered. 'What has come between us?' he added, taking her hand. There is something more than you have told me. 'Let me go,' she said, in a choked voice, turning her head aside. Tell me,' he persisted. 'Do not let a misunderstanding part us. Is it anything that I have done ——' 'No, no; you are not to blame. Think what you like of me, but don't question me. Good bye.' She snatched her hand from his and turned away. She felt that if she spoke another word she would break down alto- gether. Her throat ached with the effort to keep back her tears. Little Angelo, struggling from his father's arms, ran and clang to her dress. ' Tessa, take me with thee !' 'No; you must not come,' she said, disen- gaging her skirt almost roughly. Then, as the child looked at her in wistful surprise, with a sudden revulsion of feeling she turned and kissed him again and again. Go back, Carino ; I cannot take thee now,' she said, gently. But Angelo declined to be separated from her by anything short of force, and finally was carried off into the bouse wailing for 'Tessa !' Meraldi stood with folded arms watching the girl's retreating figure as it passed from the sunlight of the slope into the mist and gloom of the valley. A dim perception of the truth was dawning upon his mind, though at first he refused to believe it. But conviction was forced upon him. Words, looks, and tones which he had hardly noticed at the time, returned to him all at once with the foroe of accumulated testimony. Teresa loved him. The discovery almost took his breath away, and yet he wondered now that he had not made it before. 'How blind I have been ! If only I had known! And if I had, what then? I have no love to offer her in return. It is buried in Angela's grave.' He sat down on the bench under the wal- nut tree, covering his eyes with his hand. But when he would have conjured up the fair face of his dead wife, another face rose un- bidden before him, and a pair of dark plead- ing eyes looked into his. He thrilled in all his veins, and his heart swelled with a feel- ing to which he could hardly give a title, but which was dangerously sweet. Meanwhile little Angelo had escaped from purblind old Lotta's surveillance and stolen out into the garden. Finding his father too absorbed in thought to notice him, he crept toward the gate, and after one or two backward glances, to make sure that his proceedings were un- observed, trotted on in pursuit of Teresa — a little flying figure, with the sunset glory on his curls, hurrying down through the vines and the wheat as fast as his feet could carry him. When Meraldi raised his head the child was out of sight. Old Lotta missed him presently, but was not concerned, , taking it for granted he was with his father. At length the steward roused himself with a sigh, and changed his position. Lighting a cigarette, he sat smoking and looking down into the valley, while twilight deepened into night, and beyond Carrara the coming storm brooded and muttered. An hour passed away. Darkness had gathered round the old farmhouse in the valley. Not a breath of wind stirred the trees or shook the leaves from the pale autumn roses, and the only sound that broke the sultry silence was the restless murmur of the stream as it chafed over its rocky bed. Nature seemed to hold her breath in fear. The farm servants were at supper in the great bare kitchen — once the convent re- fectory — which was dimly lighted by bronze oil lamps, suspended by chains from the vaulted ceiling. There was a mixed smell of wine and garlic and polenta, a cheerful buzz of voices and clink of glasses. Brigitta moved about, superintending the repast, her fingers mechanically busy with her knit- ting, while her keen eyes were everywhere, and her shrill tongue was seldom silent. 'Cieio! how black it is,' she muttered, standing at the wide-arched entrance which opened on a court -yard, stored with piles of faggots, wine-vats, and oil-presses. 'The storm that is coming will be the worst we have had this year. It — who is that ?' she broke off, as a man's figure loomed out of the darkness. It is I — Meraldi,' the steward's voice replied, and he entered, looking hot and breathless, as if he had been running. 'Is Angelo here?' 'Angelo? My cousin took him back to the cottage this afternoon.' 'She brought him, yes; but we thought he must have followed her home again. He is nowhere to be found.' ' He is not here, that's certain. Teresa re- turned without him more than an hour ago. she has gone to bed with a headache.' He stared at her in dismay. 'What has become of him then? Where is he?' he ex- claimed. There was a pause. The men looked up from their supper, interested and sympa- thetic. ' Perhaps the bambino had fallen in the stream — it runs deep by the bridge,' one of them suggested in an undertone. The steward put both hands to his broad chest, drawing a deep breath, as if in pain. 'It is more likely that he has wandered among the vines and got lost,' put in Brigitta, hastily. 'In that case, mistress, the sooner he is found the better,' said a stalwart young contadino in a striped shirt, as he threw down his knife and swung himself off the bench. 'This is not a night for a man to be abroad, much less a child.' His example was at once followed by the others, and after a short delay, while lanterns were found and lighted, they set forth, headed by Meraldi, just as the storm broke. Not long afterward Teresa made her appearance in the kitchen, startling her cousin, who supposed her to have retired for the night. 'Where are the men ?' she asked. ' I heard them go out just now.' 'They have gone in search of the fattore's boy. He is lost.' 'Lost ! little Angelo ? I left him safe at home.' ' Yes, but he was missed afterward, and they think be may have lost his way in attempting to follow you. By-the-by, she added, 'Count Baldassare may have seem (sic) him. He went up the hill just after you returned. Monica saw him.' 'Yes,' one of the maids assented, 'he passed me on the bridge a few minutes after you came home, signorina. If the little lad was coming down the hill road, he must have met him ; though it is strange he did not — ' Teresa interrupted her. She had turned very white, and there was a look of dread anxiety on her face. 'Get me a lantern, Monica,' she said abruptly. 'Madonna mia ! you are not going out?' her cousin exclaimed, while the girl stared at her without moving. 'A lantern — quick! do you hear ?' she repeated in a tone which admitted of no delay. When it was brought she lighted it at one of the lamps, then disregarding Brigitti's inquiries and expostulations, she hurried from the house. As she crossed the bridge she heard the voices of the men, who were searching the banks of the stream, and mid- way in the dark ilex wood beyond she encountered Luigi, the young oontadino, who had first volunteered for the search. 'Padrona — it is you !' he exclaimed, raising his lantern to her face ; you should not be out in this storm.' 'I am going to the tower, to inquire if Count Baldassare has seen the child.' Let me call the fattore ; he will go with you — ' 'No,' she said, detaining him, ' I would rather go alone, and you need not tell him you met me.' The storm increased every moment. So brief were the intervals of darkness that her lantern was hardly needed, the lightning showing her the white, winding road before her, and the old tower, standing on the summit of the hill, like a sentinel forgotten at his post. A faint light which gleamed from the narrow-barred casements showed that Baldassare was within, but the door was fast, and all was silent. She raised her hand to knock, but let it fall again and hesitated. A sudden dread overcame her ; she shrank from the thought of entering, and had half turned, as if to retrace her steps, but at that moment a sound reached her from within, which banished her momentary hesitation and nerved her to meet any danger. It was the terrified cry of a child. Unconsciously she uttered an answering cry and knocked with all her foroe, but the sound was lost in the up- roar of the storm. She set down the lantern and groped about for a stone, with which she battered the door, calling upon Baldassare to admit her. This time the summons was heard. There was a sound as of some heavy piece of furniture being dragged out of place, hurried footsteps, and the clang of a bolt withdrawn. Then the worm-eaten door creaked on its rusty hinges, and he stood before her, with a small oil lamp in his hand — his face wild and white, his hair disordered, his breath coming quickly. She saw that he had been drinking heavily. Strangely enough, he expressed no surprise at seeing her. Ah — it is you,' he said, with a curious smile. ' I had a presentiment that you would come, and he drew back to allow her to pass in. She found herself in a vaulted stone chamber rounded to the shape of the tower, and containing no furniture but a small camp bed, a couple of chairs, an antique oak 'cassone,' or chest, against the wall, and a table on which lay a gun. One glance showed her these details, and it showed her also that Angelo was not there. She turned to Bal- dassare, who had followed her in and closed the door. 'Where is the child ?' He folded his arms and leaned against the table, looking at her with a mocking com- posure, which, somehow, seemed more ominous than violence. 'He is here, I do not deny it. What then ?' 'What then? You will give him up to me instantly. Where is he?' she asked, looking round. Where have you hidden him? He — ah, cielo!' she broke off, setting down the lamp, 'you have not — ' The words died on her lips. 'I have not murdered him, if that is what you mean,' he finished composedly. 'He is safe enough — as yet. See for yourself ?' He crossed the room, and, dragging the chest away from the wall, disclosed a low, arched recess behind it, in which — dumb and paralysed with fear — little Angelo was crouch- ing. At sight of Teresa the child uttered a breathless cry of joy and sprang into her arms, clinging to her neck with the nervous force of terror, and hiding his face on her shoulder. Without another word, without even a glance at Baidassare, she turned toward the door. He reached it before her, and set his back against it. 'Not yet, he said ; ' I have something to say to you.' 'I will not listen to a word. Stand back — let me pass.' 'Presently — on one condition.' 'Condition? Do you suppose I will stay to make terms with you ? Open that door, or I will cry for help, and bring those who will — ' Her words were drowned in a peal of thunder, which shook the tower to its foundations. 'Cry for help, by all means,' he resumed? mockingly, when the sound died sullenly away. 'Cry long and loud, and they may hear you — perhaps. But in the meantime you must listen to me, whether it pleases you or not. She looked at him with a heaving bosom, too angry for the moment to feel afraid, 'Speak then— what is your "condition ?" ' After a moment's pause he came to her side. There was an expression on his face that made her shrink from him with a mingled dread and loathing. Can you not guess, Teresa?' he ques- tioned. He would have taken her hand, but she drew back, putting half the width of the tower between them, and, with a swift, instinctive movement, snatched the long silver dagger from her dark hair. 'Come not a step nearer — I warn you !' He laughed harshly. 'Excuse me. I forgot that my touch was contamination. You need not be alarmed. I will keep my distance. You may walk out of this place as free as you came in, only' — he paused — it must be as my promised wife.' 'As your — you are mad!' she exclaimed. ' You must know that not to save my life would I give you such a promise !' 'But to save another's, perhaps ?' he sug- gested, with a significant glance at the child. She gazed at him blankly, her eyes dilating with horror, unconsciously folding her arms more closely round the boy, whose quick heart-beats throbbed against her bosom. 'You could not — you dare not !' was all she could say. 'Dare not? I dare anything now,' he cried, with a wild laugh. 'Do you not see that I am despairing and dangerous ? Swear that you will be my wife — I will trust your oath — and you and the child shall pass out unmolested. Refuse — and as surely as you and I are standing face to face, Meraldi's boy shall never leave this place alive.' Looking into his eyes, she realised that his words were no idle threat . For a moment she did not speak — only looked at him fixedly, feeling like one in an evil dream. Outside there was a strange hush and lull, as if the storm, exhausted by its fury, were pausing to collect force for a fresh outburst. The sudden stillness had something ominous and threatening. At length Teresa spoke again, facing him like an animal at bay. 'It would profit you little if I gave you that promise, for, though I might stand at the altar with you, I would put the width of the world between us rather than spend a day beneath your roof.' His forced composure fell from him like a mask. His face turned livid, haggard, men- acing. With a furious oath he caught up his gun from the table. She drew back still farther, putting the child behind her. She saw madness blazing in his eyes, and for a moment her heart failed her. But she faced him without flinching, never removing her eyes from his face, and, after a struggle, he seemed to oommand himself, and flung the gun upon the floor behind him. 'Promise me this, then,' he said in a hard, panting whisper, with his hand on her arm, and his face close to hers ; that if you will not be my wife, you will never be his — Meraldi's — while I live. A faint, dreary smile crossed her face. ' I can safely promise that ; I shall have no temptation to break my word.' 'Swear it — ' 'I swear it.' He kept his hand on her arm, looking up and down her face as if he were learning every feature by heart. His lips worked convulsively. 'Great heaven, how I love you !' he muttered brokenly, and before she could pre- vent him, he threw his arms round her, and strained her to him in an embrace be fierce and passionate that it left her breathless. Then, suddenly relinquishing her, 'Go, go,' he said hoarsely, motioning her away with averted head, 'or I cannot answer for myself.' She waited for no second tel ling, but, taking up Angelo again, opened the heavy door, and passed into the gloom. She had moved only a few paces away when the darkness was rent by a flash which seemed to set earth and heaven on fire. Mingling with the uproar of the terrible peal that followed was another sound — a cracking, rending noise, which made her turn to look back at the building she had just quitted. For a moment she saw its dark form looming above her, erect against the sky, then there was a crash of breaking timbers and falling stones, an avalanche of dust, and the old tower lay prostrate, burying three living creatures beneath its ruins. 111 For nearly an hour the men had been searching the hillside — among the wet and downbeaten vines in the bare stubble fields, and up and down the banks of the stream, which, swollen by the rain, rushed over the rocks with the sound of a mountain torrent. 'What was that noise?' the steward asked suddenly, in the pause after a deafening peal. It sounded like the fall of a house.' 'Per Bacco — it was the tower !' one of the men exclaimed. 'I thought the old owl's nest would be down some stormy night. Luckily the Count is not there — ' ' But yes — he is there !' cried Luigi, ex- citedly, 'and — Dio buono !' he broke off — 'the signorina — ' Meraldi turned toward him. 'What do you mean? the mistress is not near the tower ?' 'Yes — she went up to inquire if he had seen the boy. I met her in the wood half an hour ago. She told me to say nothing to you.' The steward stared at the speaker as if the sense of the words had not reached him. Then his face changed, as a sadden light burst on bis mind. With a hoarse in- articulate cry he broke from his companions, and rushed up the steep road and across the slope to the spot where the tower had stood. A great formless heap of rains, from which the dust was rising in clouds, was all that remained of the sturdy old building, which had resisted the shock of centuries. He ran hither and thither distractedly calling 'Angelo — Teresa !' But there was 'no voice, nor any that re- plied.' The storm, as if satisfied with the havoc it had worked, was now subsiding, the thunder dying away in deep sullen reverbera- tions behind the mountains, though the rain still fell in torrents. When the other men arrived they found the steward like one stunned, gazing blankly at the rains. He quickly roused himself, however, and despatched two of the men to the farm for spades and pickaxes. When these were brought they set to work with a will, lighted by pine torches, which cast a red flickering glare over the scene, giving it a strange air of unreality. The women servants, who had hurried up after the men, stood in a frightened group around Brigitta, who was mechanically muttering Aves and Paternosters, while tears streamed down her brown, wrinkled oheeks. Three hours passed thus — hours that were short to the workers, but long to the anxious watchers. It was close upon midnight, when there was a stir and murmur in the group which Meraldi was directing, then a sudden shout which brought the women hurrying to the spot. They had cleared away the debris above the great beam, which lay obliquely, one end wedged between the fragments of masonry, while the other rested on the ground. In the hollow space thus formed, under the heap of ruin, lay Teresa and little Angelo — whether dead or living could not be told till, with infinite precaution, the heavy beam had been raised It was soon ascer- tained that the child, though bruised and stunned, was not seriously hurt. He re- covered consciousness almost immediately on being lifted out into the air, and clung to his father's neck with a cry that went to the hearts of all present. But Teresa lay motionless, the blood trick- ling from a wound in her temple, and not the faintest sign of life in her white face and nerveless limbs. Meraldi hastily set the boy on his feet and knelt at her side, watching her face with agonized anxiety. White and inanimate, in the moonlight it looked like a beautiful mask. He lifted her head on his knee, chafing her cold hand. 'She is dead,' he breathed, with a shudder that shook him from head to foot. 'No, she is only stunned,' Brigitta assured him. 'Look — she is coming to herself.' After a few minutes, the girl's breast heaved in a long-drawn inspiration ; her eyes unclosed and wandered around from face to face, vaguely at first, then with dawning recollection and intelligence. She tried to raise herself. 'Angelo ?' 'He is safe — see,' Brigitta replied, drawing the child forward. 'What brought him up here is more than I can guess.' 'I know, ' Meraldi muttered, with a sudden darkening of his face. 'If my enemy lives he shall answer for it. Teresa,' he added, bending his lips to her ear, 'you risked your life to save my child, my own life shall show how I thank you ;' and he passionately kissed the hand he held. A faint colour flushed over her face, then faded again. 'Thank Heaven I was in time,' she whispered. 'Baldassare is there — under the ruins. Try to save him — though he is — your enemy.' Her voice failed, and her head sank heavily back upon his knee. 'We must take her home at once,' Brigitta said anxiously ,' or to your cottage, fattore ; it is the nearest.' He assented. 'Go on working, men ; I will be back presently,' he said, and, raising her figure in his strong arms, he bore her away, followed by Brigitta and the other women. It was many hours before Teresa recovered consciousness, and then only to pass from insensibility to delirium. For weeks she lay, tossing on a troubled tide of fever, which threatened to bear her away from love and life to the shores of the silent land. At length the cloud passed from her senses, and she woke, as from a long, oppressive dream, to find herself in a place which was strange, yet vaguely familiar to her. A quaint little chamber, with a tiled floor and a ceiling crossed by old blackened beams ; with one low square casement looking out over a green hillside and a sea of vines toward the distant mountains, which were bathed in the ineffable brightness of early morning. The window was open, admitting the cool-scented air, and a sound of chimes from some distant convent mingled with sweet rustic noises of tinkling oxen bells, creaking waggons, and the voices of contadini passing by to their work among the dewy vines. Curled up on the floor was little Angelo, playing a solitary game of 'morra,' and near the window sat Brigitta, severely upright and knitting energetically. Teresa raised herself among the pillows, and uttered her cousin's name. The latter dropped her pins with a hasty 'Sante Maria!' and was at her side in a moment, while Angelo scrambled up on the bed. Do you know me, carina?' the house keeper inquired. The girl extended her hand with a smile. 'Of course I do, my good cousin,' she said faintly ; ' but I hardly know myself — I feel so weak and strange. This is not my room,' she added, looking round. 'No, you are at the fattore's cottage ; they brought you here that dreadful night—— ' 'Ah — I remember,' the girl interrupted, with a shudder, covering her eyes with her hand. 'Was Count Baldassare found — alive?' she asked, after a moment, without looking up. ' Yes, he was alive. He — but you must not question me now. I will tell you more when you are better.' 'He is alive — that is all I wish to know ; please never mention his name to me again,' she said quickly, a faint colour rising to her cheeks. Her companion gave her a dubious glance, but said nothing. 'Where is Meraldi ?' Teresa asked. 'Not far off, for certain. He has hardly left the house since you were ill, and he looks like a ghost himself. Certainly he has more feeling than I gave him credit fo r—' A gentle tap at the door interrupted her. Is she conscious?' the steward's voice inquired. I thought I heard her speaking.' 'Let him come in,' Teresa interposed, and he was admitted. His cheeks were scarcely less white than her own, and his strong hand trembled like a leaf as he laid it on hers. He looked down at her and tried to speak, but his voice failed him, his chest heaved con- vulsively. Suddenly he turned aside, and rested his arm against the wall, laying his forehead upon it. 'Do not, she said brokenly ; 'do not, Antonio. ' But the tears were running down hercheeks as she spoke. After a moment he turned and looked at her again — at the lovely pallid face, with the subdued expression, which gave it a new charm — at the great dark eyes, which seemed almost too large for the wasted features. His hand closed on hers with a passionate pressure that almost hurt her. 'Heaven is merciful,' he breathed ; 'It has given you back to as from the very gates of death. What should I have done if the fever had taken you!' She shook her head with a wistful smile. ' It would not have mattered — you would still have had Angelo,' she said, laying her disengaged hand on the boy's curls. Meraldi regarded her a moment without speaking. There was a look in his eyes she had never seen before — a look which sent a thrill of mingled joy and sadness to her heart. ' Ay — I should still have had my boy,' he said at last, in his deep, grave voice, 'and once I told you that I needed no other love but his. But in the very hour I spoke these words I began to find out my mistake. Teresa, if you had been taken, the void in my life could never, never have been filled ! Dear — I have been blind and insensible, but I know my own heart now, and if it is not too iate — Why do you look at me so piteously. 'It is too late,' she breathed, in a voice scarcely audible. 'Carissima — you will not let pride stand between us ?' 'Pride ? ah, no ; pride cannot stand before this might of love — ' 'You love me, then what need keep us apart ?' 'My vow,' she faltered ; 'the vow that was wrung from me that terrible night — ' 'That night ?' he interrupted ; ' ah, I begin to understand. Baldassare made you promise that you would never be my wife — ' ' While he lived,' she concluded. He straightened his tall figure and looked at her with a sudden change of expression. 'While he lived? then you do not know — ' She raised her head among the pillows, looking from him to her cousin. 'Brigitta told me he was living.' I'He was alive when we found him, but injured beyond hope of recovery. He lived long enough to receive absolution, after making a confession, the substance of which you and I can guess. But for you, Teresa, believe I should never have seen my child again.' 'Do not let us think of it,' she said with a shudder. 'No,' he agreed, 'let it be forgotten like a bad dream. We can afford to forget the past — the present is so sweet, and the future — ' 'The future ?' she repeated as he paused. He bent and looked into her eyes with tender, pleading smile. 'My future is in your hands,' he whispered. 'It rests with you to make it dark or sunny. 'My love — my dear heart, you will not send me away. Y ou will let me stay — as your " prime minister ?" ' She put up her arms and drew his head still closer. 'No ; stay — as my king,' she whispered, and laid her lips to his. — Argosy. 