"IN TRUST FOR SANDY." I was eighteen years oi age when poor father died and left me with myself and a stationer's shop to take oare of. Mother had left him before £ could remember what mother wbb like. She had come a delicate young woman from the Devonshire valleys, and London air and London shop life were the death of her in two years, my father had often told me. I think it was the regret of his life that he had ever brought her to London ; I know that it was the sorrow of his life that she had left him — left him with a sickly child to call him father, too, and to be christened by her name. It was thought by his neighbours that I should soon follow my mother, bat I struggled on despite all prophecies and every complaint in turns under the sun ; was given up in each, and yet fought through most wonderfully. At eighteen years of age, though not a strong young woman — on the contrary, a somewhat pal6-faced, black-eyed, staring girl — I saw the old Cnan out. It was his own hard phrase, not mine — a wondering kind of remark that this should be so, being often on his dear, thin lips in the last stages of his illness. 1 have not made a will, Kitty,' he said a day before he died, ' because there's nothing to dispute, and I have nothing to leave but ' the stock-in-trade, which is neither large nor valuable. It has just kept the two of us ; keeping you alone, you may be able to save from it some £10 or £15 a year, if the library books hold together a bit longer, though their backs will want a deal of gluing,' Don't talk of all this now, dad.' It's business, my dear Kitty,' he replied, and I was always a business man. I should have made a will if there had been anything to leave you, dear, of course. I'm sorry that that there isn't.' ' Pray, don't say any more. The doctor said you were not to talk too much.' 1 shall have a lot to say to- morrow, though,' he said, with a twitching at tbe corners of his mouth, which I could almost fancy might have been a smile with a little stronger effort. Poor dad ! He did not smile again, he did not speak any more. The morrow came and found him lying grim and unconscious, and two days afterward the little shop in Sappho street, Drury Lane, put up three of its shutters before the dingy note- paper and envelopes, the slate-pencils, slates and wafers, the fancy stationery in general, and announced to the struggling world without doors that Jonas Clatterbridge had retired permanently from a business which Mr. Humphreys said had never been ( great shakes.' i T -1 1 J I.I. 1_ 1 11 L 71 J Hf- X BuvUlU ED1DK Ho fit&o; WCll UUv U1 uLIi Humphreys added, too, a little contemp tuously; but then Mr. Humphreys was a butcher, and had made a deal of money out of bad meat in general, and was the owner of the next four shops in Sappho street, my father's being one of them. Mi. Humphreys was looked up to in Sappho street, chough I did not care for him myself, and poor father had once called him a pig. That was in very hard times one year, when the rent was not easy to pay, and Mr. Humphreys said he would put the brokers iu if he was kept wait ing after Saturday night, which he was not, for poor father sold his watch and chain, and mother's too, I think, and so distraint was saved as. We -did not like Mr. Humphreys after that ; we set him down as a very hard, unsympa thetic man, and were only barely civil to him. But perhaps we were hard on Humphreys in our turn ; it was difficult to make sure of his oharaoter, as it is of anybody's for that matter, even one's own ; for when my father laid ill, and people in Sappho street were curious and inquiring, Mr. Humphreys came in every morning as soon as the shutters were down, and his son Peter came also, before he went to business, to ask after father's health, and Mrs. -Humphreys sent in beef-tea and a sweet bread — with her love to Kitty, and her trust that I was keeping a good heart — many and many a time till it was all over. And when it was all completely over, and the shutters were down again, and I had begun to discover how very much alone I was in the world, and what a great responsibility the little shop seemed now that it was wholly on my hands, tbe Humphreys still remained on a neighbourly footing with me. Perhaps Peter Humphreys, jun., was a shade too neigh bourly, considering all things, for I began to fancy that he was too regular a customer .and far more interested in my stock-in-trade than a young bachelor had any need to be. He was the only son of my landlord — rosy- cheeked and sleeky, somewhat under five feet four in stature, not handsome, certainly, and with two little, dark eyes so unpleasantly cloBe together that it was impossible to look anything but crafty and calculating with them, try how hard he would to hinder it. and I believe he did try sometimes very hard indeed. Young Humphreys, as he was desig nated in Sappho street, had not been brought up to the butchering business ; on the con trary, he had been carefully trained to have a %oul above it by d prond, nnwise, weak little mother with a faith in her son's cleverness not warranted by any outwaid and visible sign whioh it was in the power of anyone else who knew him to-deteet. Young Humphreys had been brought up to look down on people in a retail line of business, and it was con sidered by his mother, and after a while by hia father, that a big wholesale office was about the best thing for Peter's expanding genius. So young Humphreys was articled to Messrs. Treacle, Slosh, and Waters, the great brewers, who condescended to accept as a pre mium the sum of 500 of Mr. Humphreys' hard- earned sovereigns, in order to allow Peter to wander helplessly about the brewery and try to pick hp anything in the way of that infor mation which Messrs. Treacle, Slosh, and Waters had not in any way contracted to impart when pocketing the butcher's money. And Peter picked up nothing but bad language from the men and extravagant tastes from his fellow-pupils, also striving very ineffectually to pick up something in a straggling barn-yard fashion. He kept his own time at business ' and worked or not, according to his inclinations, which, it must be confessed, were toward perfect repose and peace, when not directed energetically to bil liards at the Hogshead hotel opposite, and to heavy bets on the ' striker.' I don't think he's going on altogether right,' said Mrs. Humphreys one dfly to me ; ' he's never at home of an evening now. He's always in the streets or at the billiard rooms, or the Lord knows where.' Perhaps he'll get wiser as he gets older,' I ventured to suggest. ' I hope he will,' the mother answered. ' If he could only find some nice young woman to like him— I wouldn't mind who it was — I'm sure he would settle down, for he's as tract able as a lamb.' Is he ? ' Does he not call here before he goes to the brewery, Kitty ?' Mrs. Humphreys asked me so quickly that I almost blushed. He buys a great many lead pencils for the business. I often wonder what he does with i them all, or what they are to do with beer.' j Oh, I don't know. He's a clever lad ; but,' Mrs. Humphreys remarked, I wish his ; father thought a little more of him, and i didn't make his life a misery by asking every blessed night he comes home how he's j a getting on now. It's very aggravating to the boy,' 'Especially if he's not getting on,' I ventured to remark. Oh, but he is, in the brewery, you may depend on that, Kitty. But out of the brewery I should like to see him more steady like, I must say.' This was all the conversation between Mrs. Humphreys and me, but it set me thinking very deeply. It told me that the batchers were not so proud as I had thought them, and that perhaps they were disposed to patronise me, even to take pity on my orphanage , and j find a husband for me in young Peter I Humphreys, if Peter and I were willing. But I did not like Peter a great deal, possibly not at all, and the prospect of Peter coming into all his father's property one day, and setting np a brewery of his own, did not tempt me with a dream of greatness. Poor dad had been dead about three months when the preceding dialogue occurred. They had been three busy months with me, and I was grateful for them, for they had saved me from fretting overmuch. I was lonely enough, and I felt that I had not a friend in the world, and though life in Sappho street — eternal life in Sappho street — seemed hardly worth the desperate fight it wae, nevertheless the struggle had done me good. If the boy Mike was troublesome and careless, still it was some one to scold when the papers were delivered to the wrong customers, and the Baptist Messenger was left at the public- house instead of the Sporting Life , and even, in its own way, Mike's putting the corner of the shutter through the top pane of . glass came to me like a blessing, which roused my spiritB and sent my blood, as Wix's penny novelettes say, coursing through my veins. Then there were all the rickety books of the three-volume sets to strengthen by glue and pack-thread, and it.Wjfw quite the mid summer quarter before T had got dear dad's debts in and the shop in fair working order, and I could feel as if the place belonged to me. Presently I found the time — ah ! and the heart, too — to put my father's things in order ; to open his desk, pack up his clothes, arrange or destroy all the letters and papers he had left behind him, and which he had had an old-fashioned pleasure in hoarding, and whioh, should anything happen to me, I thought I shouldn't like to fall into the hands of strangers. Hence I set myself a new task in the evenings, after the shop was shut and Mike had gone home for the night, or was waiting at the pit door of the Olympic for a surreptitious chance of sneaking in with a few street friends who were partial to theatrical performances when the check- taker's back was turned. By degrees I got matters ( neat and tidy,' and burned hundreds of old letters — even the love-letters of the mother I had never known, and yet whom I seemed to love so much — and docketed those papers and accounts which seemed worth reserving for a while. And at the bottom of one big box, which had been almost exclusively de voted to the epistolary correspondence of old times, I came suddenly upon a mystery — a treasure trove — something not to be solved, or even guessed at. It was at the very bottom of the box, placed there to be out of observation, out of the way, out of tempta tion even, who knows, when times were bad and business was slack, and Humphreys, the butcher, was clamoring for his rent. It was a long blue office- like envelope — there were dozens of them down stairs, and they had been part of our unsalable stock for many years now — and on it was written in my father's handwriting, ( Kept here in trust for Sandy. Midsummer day, 1866.' It was sealed, but as it was neoessary to know what was in trust for Sandy, and who Sandy was — as I was sole executor, legatee, and what not, despite my not having troubled Somer set House with any claim to my little estate in the Sappho street business— I broke the seal and examined the - contents of the envelope. There was no letter within, not a scrap further of any information printed or written, only, only — only ! — the sum of £500 in Bank of England notes ; new Bank of England notes they seemed, but they bore ; the date of May, 1866, and had been evidently lying at rest, almost from the day of their birth, at the bottom of the mysterious big box. This was a leaf out of a fairy story to me at first, and I felt for some moments as if some good genius had made me suddenly rich, and that lo ! with a touch of the wand, all the struggles for one's daily bread were over for good. I was the heiress of Sappho street, and the rose-coloured light was stream ing into Drury lane and steeping my new and altered existence in the most glowing colours. All this, as I have said, for a few moments, and then came the consciousness of the sum not being any money that I could touch, or had a right to touch — that this fabulous amount was lying hero in trnst for Sandy, waiting for him to come and fetch away 1 'I should have made a will, if there had been anything to leave you, dear, were almost the last words which my father had said to me, and he would not have been likely to forget a sum of money beyond the brightest dreams of his prosperity. This had been Sandy's fortune, not his own, and it could not by any theory be considered mine. It was trust money, and not to be touched, or thought of, if possible, again. But who was Sandy? And why had he stolen away in midsummer, 1866, and not been heard of again? And why had my father not spoken of this mysterious individual; had never in all his long life with me as a daughter, friend, oonfidante, and general housekeeper, alluded to the person who had left him in charge of bo much money? And, lastly, where was Sandy now, and why bad he left all his money behind him before vanishing away like a ghost? I resealedthe envelope very carefully — first taking the numbers and dates of tbe notes with a preciseness that was worthy of a bank clerk — and then, with some grave doubts as to the safety of the receptacle provided for the treasure, let- the packet rest again where it had remained un disturbed and profitless for the last fourteen years, taking no interest to itself. If Sandy should step in one fine day to No. 49 Sappho "street and ask for the interest as well as the prinoipal — if my father had exceeded his in structions when he had written, ' Kept here in trust for Sandy,' and if Sandy should be angry at the unbusinesslike oharaoter of the whole proceedings, what was to be done ? I fancied that had my father been spared to speak to me again after talking of my future prospects that last sad night of us together, I should have learned the history of Sandy ; I am sure it was on his mind when he faltered forth : 1 1 shall have a lot to say to-morrow though,' and then the morrow never came ! I tried to get the matter out of my head, but it was a difficult work for many weeks. It was always beyond my power to dismiss it altogether, the discovery had been so strange, and the matter of the money lying idle there so much the etranger still. I felt at first like one burdened with a guilty secret, weighed down by something that was heavy and awful on the mind. It was not likely that I could wholly forget this sum of money being in the house with me for its sole preteotor, or the fact that it was enjoined, unless I misunder stood my dead father's meaning utterly, that it should wait in Sappho street the coming of its owner. What if I should be robbed of it one night, or one afternoon or evening when I had gone to church, was another thought to distress me, although it was not probable that any human being of felonious proclivities would imagine me to be in possession of such riches, and still less probable that I should take anyone into my confidence. And by degrees I got used to possession and less nervous and became less thoughtful of the peculiarity of my position — at times forgetting the whrie matter for many days, just as my father had done before me. There was another subject to distract my thoughts also— the marked attentions of Peter Humphreys, jun. There was no dis- guising tne lacs as last — tuougn i snouia have liked to smother it — that Peter was really in love with me. I tried not to believe it lively— for I did not admire Peter at all, or Peter's manner, and I should not have had time for love-making, even if I had cared for him, which was never, never possible. I was not romantic. I looked at things practically — mine being a practical life — and yet the pecuniary advantages of marrying Peter were certainly great at first sight, and the young lady at the baker's over the way would have given her bead and ears for my chances. I had been almost sure of that, before Peter told me so himself, when he had made a clean breast of the state of his feelings late one evening, lolling all over the new Heralds and Journals and smelling of Scotch whiskey. But I declined the proposal, flattering as it was to me. I did not want to get married. I had never seen anyone in Sappho street that seemed worth the bother of it, and I felt firmly convinced that had I even considered Peter an eligible match he would have drunk more and more, got more indolent and care less, and finally hav spent every farth ing of his father's money, just as it did happen years afterward without my having to share hie troubles, heaven be praised 1 Still, for some time after his proposal, I had to be troubled very much by Peter Humphreys. He would not take no for an answer ; he was sure girls were all changeable, and did not know their own minds, he' said, and he called about twice a week— like bis father's man for orders' — to learn if I had altered my mind yet, and he sent in his mother every Sunday morning with a similar inquiry. Yes, I suppose Peter was head over heels in love with me, he acted so foolishly, and yet with a pertinacity that would have made his fortune in any line of business— and I was growing a pretty girL There, I own it osn- didly, the reader peroeiveB ; and after all, what is the use of only hinting that I was well-favoured, when I do know that I actually was pretty ? I don't think that I was vain of it, I don't think I thought muoh of the fact even, till Peter came in of an early morning or an evening— he preferred the evening at last— and told me that I was the beauty of Drury Lane, and fit to be a duchess, and tried very hard to oome round me by his flattering tongue. Peter was trying to come round me, I re member, late one autumn evening, when a very tall, square-shouldered gentleman plunged with lwo or three ncavy steps into; the shop, and said in a quick, deep voice : Is Mr. Chattetbridge in?' Mr. Ohatterbridge I' I said, with a little YPI should like to see him for a few moments, nlease. Oh ! would you, though !' cried Peter, with an unfeeling lftttgh that completely turned me against him then, if I hadnt been completely turned before ; 'I don't think you would, old man.' „ . Who are you calling old man ? said»the other, almost fiercely, and Peter grinned again and said : No offence, I hope ?' ' Oh ! no offence. But can I' — he began again, bowing to me, and then he stopped, seeing a look npon my face which told all the truth perhaps, fer he did not repeat his question. Still Ii answered him. My father died last spring, sir.' He did not answer at once. He stood with his hands in the pockets of the light overcoat he wore, and eeemed to be considering the news. Indeed !' he said. Did you oome upon any particular busi ness ?' I wanted to take out a subscription for your library, that's all, he answered very quickly now. ' Thank you, sir. It's half a crown a quarter.' 1 Here's a year's subscription, then. I think I'll take it by the year,' he added, as I looked up surprised. 1 Very well, sir. What name — and address ?' I said. I treated the matter calmly, but I was excited and elated. With the exception of Mrs. Humphreys and the bed-ridden father of Mr. Steane, at the sheep's-head manu factory, round the corner, I. had no sub- scribers to the library. What name— and address !' he repeated slowly. 'Oh, Brampton, Charing Cross hotel, at present.' Brampton, Charing Cross hotel. Yes, sir.' It was a strange address— and a big address — to put down in my little book, but I was still calm over the transaction, looking, aB I entered it in my best small hand, as if I were quite used to grand folk subscribing to the Sappho Btreet collection. 'And what book will you take, sir?' I ' Oh, I'm not particular. Have you got any poetry books ?' We are never asked for poetry, but there are a few volumes on the top shelf there.' I'll take one.' _ Which poet will f Oh, it don't matter in the least. They're all in rhyme, I suppose. Thifl will do.' He reached a small volume from the shelf to which I pointed — it was on his side of the oounter — and then, with a brisk Good morning,' walked out of the shop. ' That's a queer customer, and no mistake,' said Peter ; did you notice how he caught me up?' Yes,' I said very thoughtfully. A red Indian I should think he was.' ' He was rather red.' 'Fancy a toff at the Charing Gross hotel coming into our street for a book to read. " A poetry book," as he called it. My eye !' « What's the matter with it, Peter ?' Matter with what ?' Your eye.' 1 Oh, you're always catching me up,' said Peter, querulously I « You're always hard on me, Kitty. You haven't made up your mind yet, I suppose?' 'There, don't let us have any nonsense this evening. Here's Mike coms to put the shutters up. Good-night.' Oh, good- night.' And Peter went off a little ' tiffed.' He always left me in a fretful mood, as a rule, so his manner did not in any way distress me. But the new subscriber s did. 1 could not get the man out of my head.,He troubled me when I began to think; he gave rise to suspicion, even, but that I kept to myself, being reBolved to wait and let no outward manner' of my own betray to him, or any one, what was in my thoughts. He would come again, I was quite certain, and the next evening, at an earlier hour somewhat, and before Peter had had what he called his last ' nip' of whiskey for the night, in he came again, with his ' poetry book' under his arm. ' I'll trouble you to change this, Miss Clat terbridge,' he said, placing his volume on the counter. ' Certain y. Wha£ would you like in ex change?' ' Well, I don't know,' he answered doubt fully. ' What can you secommend ? ' In poetry ?' N —no,' he said with a shudder. I don't think I'll have any more poetry.' Nqvels ?' I suggested. « No— they're not in my line,' he replied. « How are you off for cookery books?' ' ookery books I Yes; they're always amusing. J would have given £50 for a first-rate oookery book —£100— ten years or so ago. ' indeed !' You see, I was in an out-of-the-way part of Australia— with a gold-hunting gang — and the oooking was the trouble of our lives,' he explained. 1 have always had a great respect for a cookery book ever since.' I am sorry there is not one in the .library.' ... Oh, it do3en't matter in the least. I sup pose you've a volume of sermons ? I looked at him critically. Was he making fun of me and my small surround ings? Was all this part of a weak little joke to embarrass me and pass away the time ? TTaii he no reason — no fair reason — for coming to Sappho street, and had my vivid imagination carried me away ? He bore my scrutiny very well, looking back at me with a pair of steady, rather large grey eyes. It was an honest look — pot the leer of the prowler or loafer ; a look with no sense of inn in it, rather with an expression of sadness, kept under by strong will. Altogether, it was an earnest, even a hand some face at whioh I gazed, despite its stern ness, hardness, and the redness that an Aus tralian sun had burned into it. I did not I distrust him, but I was sure that the motive for his coming to Sappho street and sub scribing to my library had yet to be annomteed to me, and I fancied I knew what the motive would prove to be in time. 'Like reading sermons, if they're good ones and straightforward. I can call to mind the time when a sermon once did a deal of good — a wonderfully deal of good,' be repeated. ' You would scarcely believe it, knowing what a heap of rubbish there is in sermons generally. But that did— straight away.' I'm very glad to hear it. I'll see if ' ' Yes — all right. I'm in no particular harry about the sermons, though. I'll call to-morrow, when you have had time to look the books over. They're a Beedy lot of volumes, take them all together,' he added. ' Yes, they're old and worn now.' You have been here for some time, per haps ?' Was he approaching the real motive of his presence at last ? I felt my heart beating a little more rapidly, though outwardly I pre served my composure very well. Yes ; a great number of years.' I don't see that. You haven't had a great number of years set down to your account yet.' Well — all the years I have had, then. ' Born here?' Yes ; born here.' ' And yonr mother and father died here, I suppose ?' Yes.' Your father — was he He stopped as Peter Humphreys, with a frown, came swaggering into the shop. He looked annoyed at the interruption, and frowned too — or at least the grave expression of his face took a deeper shade. ' Good evening, Kitty,' said Peter to me. Quite well, I hope ?' Quite well, thank you.' He did not take any notioe of Mr. Bramp ton, save tp puff the smoke of a very fat cigar at him, and Mr. Brampton did not appear to notice him. I'll call for the book to-morrow,' said my subscriber, and then, with a sudden elevation of his hat to me that took me by surprise — for he had seemed of too rough and bru«qae a texture for the minor courtesies of society — he went away. I don't like that chap,' said Peter, before the chap in question had got quite out of the shop. 4 What is your objection to him ?' ' I can see his little game fast enough. He's a devilish clever fellow who can get over me, or knows more of the world than I do !' he said ; I haven't been walking with my eyes shut all my life, I can tell you.' ( What is his little game, Peter, do you think ?' Oh, you're mighty innocent, like all the girls 1' cried Peter, with bitter irony ; ' you can't imagine such a thing ; oh, dear, no ! Well, he's sneaking after you, that's his game.' 'Is it?' I replied. Is it !' he repeated angrily ; ' yee, you know it is. What's a fellow like that want t skulking down this beastly, slummy neigh bourhood for? What does he want with subscribing for twelve months to those broken-backed, dog's-eared, trumpery old books? He won't humbug me with his excuses, and he won't come here much longer interfering with me, either. Mark my words, now.' This was assuming a right over my actions and over the management of ray business that was unwarrantable, and though I bad my own doubts of the bona. fide nature of Mr. Brampton's subscription, I did not feel called upon to express them very clearly to Peter Humphreys. It's no bnsiness of yours, at all events, Peter, whether he comes or not or what he comes for,' I said, severely. I beg your pardon, but it is my business,1 he replied. ' I am not aware of it.' I'm not going to be cut out by a fellow old enongh to be your father just because hes passing himself off as a toff,' cried Peter, more warmly still. ' I'm not going to be chucked over like an old glove and have that beefy-faced cove lolloping here just when it gaits him. Ill kill him first. I'll kill anybody who comes here after you ; blest if I don't j' ' Peter, you have been drinking, or you would never talk £ke this,' I cried, indig nantly. I'm not going to have you encourage that chap. I ' Peter, go home directly. You're not sober I'm sure. I shall run into your father's if you insult me any more.' Peter was afraid of his father, who was volcanic also, although there was a method in his ravings, which at times could be heard half-way down Sappho street, and occasion ally brought a few score of inquisitive people round the shop door. And he always raved over the delinquencies of his son and heir, whose complete disinheritance he threatened regularly twice a month. 'I have said my say,' Peter remarked, inelegantly ; 1 and if he comes here much oftener he'll be found weltering in his gore, that's all.' (to bb concluded in ors next). 