TURF GOSSiP. By Falcos. An excellent programme has been issued by tho secretary of tho Australian Jockey Club, to commence on Saturday, 2nd September. As tho chief club representing Now South Wales tho programme becomes ono of moment to all lacing men, and inasmuch as the Victorian stables aro always found liberal Bnpportera of tho meeting, this colony also becomes directly interestod in tho bill of fare. Tho time, too, is rapidly approaching and will soon be hero, and owners will shortly havo to detorraino whethor they will go abroad in pursuit of the loaves and fishes, or whether they will remain at home and rost contented with tho fare that is provided for thorn horo. Perhaps the owners and trainers aro less migratory than they once wero, although when liberal prizes aro offered abroad, tho usual desire to take a chance in tho good things offer ing is very likely to botray itself. I observe that tho programmo commences with thouBUal Hurdlo Race of 100 sovs., over two miles and a half. This is followed by tho Trial Stakes of asimilarvuluo ; thon comes tbo A. J. O. Derby and tho Epsom Handicap, to which is added 200 80VS., in place of half tho amount as heretofore. Tlio Spring Stakes for three-year-olds nnd upwards is also raised from 100 sovs. to 200 sovs.jand tbero is a Welter Ilandicapof 100 sovs,, eo that tho club gives away 700 sovs, on tho first day. Tho Shorts, on tho second day, remain as before. Not so the Spring Maiden Stakes, which is increased by 50 sovs., 150 sovs. now bolng tho prize. Tho Metropolitan Stakes is, as usual, and has rejontly closed with ono hundred nomina tions. Tho Selling Plato romains unchangod at 100 sovb. An addition being observable in the Sauattors' Handicap, from 100 to 150 sovs. On tho third day tho Threo- yoar-old Handicap is removed, tho Suburban Handicap of 150 eovs., sovon furlongs, boing tho first raco pn tho list. Horo again wo have an incrcaso of 30 aovs. on last year's stake ; and the Cravon Plate, which was 160 sovs., is now 200 sovs. Thoro is no altoration in tho Marcs' Produce Stakes ; but tho Bydnoy Handicap lenofita by 50 sovb., 200 sovs. boing now addod. Tlio Hurdlo Itace and Members' Plato bIUI remain at 100 bovb.; that very important tost, raco, tho Baud wick Plate, boing carriod from 200 to 300 bovb. Tho Steeplechase is raised to 200 sovs.; and tho Frco Handicap remains untouched. Thcro is no doubt that a good, doal of judgmont has. been shown in the selection, of the Etakos which should bo raised, and; thoso which havo rocoived tho contideration of tho committee ore,4«cidodly best entitled to p'artici cato in the distribution of tho extra money this year voted to tho meeting. Unless attention is directed to tho acts of tho committee it may pass unobserved that so many stakes havo boon enriched. And tho fact of the club feeling itself in a position to increase tho amounts of tho previous year, is an earnest of tlio prosperous stato of its Anancial position. Tho general entries-eloso on Monday, 7th August. Thoro is every prospect of having a grand day's sport at Caulfiold on Saturday, 1st July. It is a'gonoral holiday, and thoro doos not scorn to bo anything in tho field to raise a violent opposi tion to it. Tho first of tho month is known as Separation day, and on such an occasion a good afternoon's racing is most acceptable. Tho Vic toria Amatour Turf Club deserves success, if only for tho pluck it has shown in putting forth such excellent programmes, and at such suitablo times. That tho public are fully aware of this is best shown by tho liberal patronage extended towards tho club. Tho programmes hitherto put forward havo hit the taste ot both tho public and of racing men, and so long as tlio club continue to offer such strong inducements to visitors and racing men so long will it remain in favor with both parties. Tho first raco is a Selling Flat Kaco of 100 sovs., for which twelve horses have beon nomi' nated. Of these, Gonzngo, Kaisar, Bustard, Soothsayer, Boatman, Bouquet, Sterling, Glad Tidinga und Bar Ono aro ontorcd to bo sold for nothing ; Tho Ghost, Eespito and Monitor being valued at 25, 60 and 25 soys, respec tively. Such horses as theso will ensure a sharp raco. In spite of tho outcry for a Selling Hurdlo Raco, tho rcmilt of tho entry goes to show that an open one would havo been moro acceptable. In placo of nino tho secrotary was cntitlod to oxpect twenty nomina tions. This may tuoroforo be looked upon as tho most moagrc entry of tho lot, although, as tho horses aro of a muchness, it may result in a good. racn. Hero two horses only aro put in to bo sold for nil. Ton is a very satisfactory entry for tho Victoria Gold Cup, and there is nothing in tho race that is calculated to frighten bis neighbor. Somo persons were so enthusiastic about the Ladies' Trophy that they count an entry exceed ing a hundred, and there might have been moro than 50, if cortain gentlemen could havo pro cured horses. Here tho difficulty camo in, and ono not easily overcome, for wo find many names absent amongst tho nominators we know wcro oagor to bo thore. Thoro aro somo really fast horses in this raco, and no matter what tho .weights may bo, tho ladies will insist upon their nominations coming to tho post, so that probably between 30 and 40 horses will sport silk on tho occasion. Thoso who hazarded an opinion that the stako would bo rushed by tho relatives of book makers aro widely wrong, as they havo not half a dozon in it, and thoso families that are represented are amongst tho most exem plary of their order. Perhaps tho most unex pected entry, in regard to its size, is tho Open Steeplechase, which boasts as many as 21 horses. Of these Mainbrace, Tho Hawk, Blackthorn, Gold Top, Topman, Blase, Breechloader, Quick silver and Fusilier are tho least known in tho metropolitan district. They are a great acquisi. tion to tho strongth of tho race. On Wodnesday next tho Bondigo Jockey Club will hold its Winter Stoeplcchaso moeting, and as thoro is tho prospect of excellent fields, it is equally probablo that thero will bo a good attendanco also. A largo numbor of porsons have expressed thoir intention of being present. No doubt the usual special train will bo put on, so that visitors will bo able to do the trip in ono day, although many aro certain to select the previous night to commonco tho journoy to Qnartzopolis. Prom expressions dropped, Fright is preforrcd for tho Trot, and, tho favoritism for tho Hurdlo Raco is between Monitor and Napoleon. Mistako and Egerton aro lookod upon as doubtful starters for theTelc graphStakes, Mulatto and Qonzagp being the pick; and Collingwood and Napoleon aro tho chosen ones for the €pcn Stecplechaso. Wo particularly wish to cull attention to tho entries to bo mado noxt Monday for tho Victoria Racing Club Grand National mooting to bo run on Saturday 22nd July. The ontries close at 100 Bourke-strcct, west, at four p.m. Thoro is ono rulo to which tho attention of all owners and trainers should bo at onco directed, yiz. : — 'In tho event of a horso being entered with wrong ago, incorroct or imporfoct descrip tion, such entry can bo amended on paymont of £2 within thirty days of such nomination being made,' Therofore owners and interested persons should at onco pcruso tho entries recently pub lished and correct any error that may there ap pear. Tho Bcboolboy copy book used to say, '? Procrastination is tbo thief of timo,' I would, therefore, suggest that all corroctionB bo mndo at onco, or they may bo forgotten, only to learn hereafter that a nomination has bocomo forfeited. About two-tbirds of tho Victorian ring havo re gistered thoir names, and deposited £25 each for tho privilege of betting on tho Viotoria Racing Club's grounds, and others will no doubt follow suit. It is stated that tho Victoria Amatour Tnrf Club is Hkoly to bo moro modest in its do mantis- than the elder club, and will limit tho registration foo of bookmakers to £10 per aivnum, jn which tho ring will readily concur. A question hns been raised as to tho chargo to bo made for permission to open books on tho hill at Flemington, which wo suppose will bo considered by tho committoo. Thoso bookmakers who havo not Bent in a request to bo registered will now bo too late to do so for the Grand National Steeplechase Meeting. On tho 27th inst. the secretary of tho South Australian Jockey Club will bo happy to recoivo nominations for tho South Australian Stakes for two.year.olds, to bo run in tho autumn of 1883. It is a sweepstakes of 20 bovs. oacb, with 100 sovs. added. At the samo tirao nomina tions will bo accepted for tho South Australian Dorby of the samo year, 150 sovb. boing the addod money in this case. Thcro is, moroovor, tho St. Legcr of 1884 which claims attention, bo that thoso who intend patronising tho autumn meot ings in tho future will do well to loot up tho ad vertisement. Tho South Australian Jockey Club havo issued the first numbor of its racing calondar ; wo may oxpect the Australian Jockey Club shortly to fol low suit. Tho racing rules, now undor consido. ration, havo yot to bo passed, and it is probablo that each of the chief clubs of tho respective colo nies may see something to alter in them. The Christchurch Grand National Stoeplockaso, of 300 sevs., with a sweepstakes of 5 bovs,, four miles, was won by Mr. D. Christie's b g Katcr folto, oyrs., 10 st., by Havenswood, and ridden by Clifford j Clarence, aged, 12 st. 10 lb. (Quin), was second ; and Quaraby, 5 yrs.. 11 Bt. 6 lb. (Tyford), third; fivo others started. Quamby was tho favorite at 5 to 2 against him and Sailor Boy; 10 to ltho winner, who won by a head only. Last weok Bomorsot and Paragraph loft for India undor tho caro of W. 8outhall, who is now permanently sottlcd in India as a trainer. An attomut, it is said, to settle tlio libel action between P. Hoywoad, the woll known Cauluelil tra npr, nod Mr. J. O. Inglis having failed, it will now prqpcod to trial. Whon in Adelajdo Mr,' Thomas Jones, the trainer, purchased llantcr, orico n winnorof a cup in Adolaido, whon he beat ftord Harry. Ho ura remarkably woll mado home; boi has ono onlarged log, which will operalq against him in kbo future. ? Bolhvdrum, has^cw tried. aft.the.hutuWs, Vat showed sach a thorough dislike to them that it is scarcoly ltkcly that lib will ho proceoded with f urthor at this new trade. ? Ton' horses Imvo accepted for tho Jockoy Club Handicap at Hay, Mulatto, 9 st. 4 lb., being amongst tbo contonts: and six-remain in for tbo jumping race, Tipporary Boy heading tho list. Tho Australian Jockoy Club have decided not to adopt tho now rules proposed at tho conferonco of the clubs somo months ago. If tbo club do not adopt them as they aro, it is to bo hoped that tho rovising committco of tho A.J.O. will suggost whero tbo alterations shall bo beforo retiring from tho gronnd altogether, for it must bo ro memberod it is to effect a general purposo that our rules should nssimilato ; and no ono pretends to say that tlio suggested rules arc perfect. In fact exception is taken to many points as thoy now stand. Uarobin and Pollio returned early in tho week by the Aldinga from Adelaide They experienced a ploasant voyage. Wo may now look for tho conditions of tho Caulfiold Guinoaa and Foal Stakes of 1883, as tho entries will bo taken tho Monday aftorthoA.J.0. spring meeting. As interesting matter, it mny bo as well to state that tlio weights for the Molbourno Cup are duo on Wednesday, 21st inst. Ab Lohengrin was twico nominated for tho Caulfiold Cup— onco lioro, and nlso in Sydney — tho actual entry for that raco is reduced to 132 horses. Instructions to enter four Now Zealand horses unfortunately arrived hero a day too lat«j, as nlso did tbo nomination of Hypatia from West Mait land. Eighty-four horso3 havo been entered for tho HawKcsbury Grand Handicap, to bo run in August, 10 of which aro from this colony. Young Kelso, tho jockoy, who roccived a vio lent fall at Parramatta, is recovering from tho effects of his accident. Tho Murnimbidfieo Turf Club havo decided upon tho 22nd, 23rd and 24th November on which to hold thoir spring meoting. Tho Wagga Cup will this year bo b00 sovs., in addition to a gold trophy by Mr. A. O. JoneB. , Mr, Do Lancy Forth mado a good purchase in tho steoplcchnso horso, Startle,- when at Warr nambool recently. By a mistako Monitor was entered for tho Sol ling Flat Raco on 1st July in place of tho Soiling Hurdlo Race. Tho mistake was not discovered in timo to alter. Mr. T. A. Payton has purchased Prima Donna for 200 sovs. Thore aro splendid nominations for the Mount Gambier meeting, which is to tako placo on tho 5th and Gth of next month. Thero aro seventeen in tho Handicap Steeplochnso, tho other races having also filled woll. Tho hurdlo raco mare Canczou was Bold in Tasmania last week for £22. Mr. E. K. Cox, of Fornhill, has oxporiencod an other loss in two foals killod by deer in his park. Ono was by Chandoa from Lady Horton (Sweet William's dam.) The Northern Jockoy Club meeting at West Maitland is amongst the past. Tho racing was very good. Tlio Jockoy Club Handicap fell to Queensborry, 7st. 01b., beating Faust, 5st. 7 lb., by a head. Brian Boru, 7 Bt, C lb., and Euchvo, 7 Bt. being nowhere. Mr. John Ealcs was amongst the most successful of tho runners, Fow horses havo shown thomselves to bo moro consistent performers than tho American horse Foxhall. To his many memorable victories ho lias added tho Ascot vase, boating Faugha Ballagh and Petronol ; Foxhall has, thoroforo, not only shown that ho possesses brilliant speed, but that he is a stayor nlso. If this horse is removed from tho turf now ho will mako a famous Biro. By tho way, Mr. A. K. Finlay has pur chased a full sister to Foxhall, which, I suppose, wo may shortly expect to seo arrive. Mr. Finlay is an astuto judge, and this purcliaso will tend to strengthen the famed Glonormiston stud. Mr. S. Gardlnorhas sent six youngsters to Abo Davis to train. They aro all by Tubal Cain, Omoletto being from Crumbs. Ringarooma from Lurline, Lyon3 Lady from Pauline, Heiress of Linno from Lady of Linne, Precious Stono from Topaz, and Over Again from Repetition, all ex cellonuy well named. Tho colt and filly bred in South Australia, by Sir Thomas Elder, and sent to England to bo trained, have been roturnod to South Australia. From this wo can only supposo that thoy have been tired and found wanting. Tho Goulburn Jockoy Club in Now South Wales havo purchased 100 acres of land on which to form a racecourse. Sovcral racehorses will bo offered for salo on Monday noxt, at Kirk's Bazaar. Atasalo of thoroughbreds at Oalstock, Tas mania, Mr. O. Do Littlo purchased a colt by St. Albans, from Aglaro, for 140 bovs. ; and Mr. T. Reibey gavo £100 for nnothor St. Albans colt, out of Queen Mary. Somo others brought good prices. From the Sydney Town and Country I learn that during tho West Maitland races, SocunduB was sold to Mr. James Mayo for 75 guineas, and Faust to Mr. Cobcroft for 250 guineas. Messrs. W. 0. Yuillo and Co. ronort having sold this week privotoly, on account of Mr. J. P. Oripps, the well known racohorso Billy Nutts, by Poet from Solina. to Mr. Kilpatriok. On ac count of Mr. Samuol Gardiner, the bay filly, 2 yrs., by King of tho Ring from Lily, to Mr. Wm. Lang. And on account of Mr. E, Manning, chest nut colt, 3 yrs., by Envoy from an Athos maro ; and a black gelding, 3 yrs., by Windsor from Prima Donna, so Messrs. BaldockBros. 