DEAD MEN'S SHOES. CHAPTER XXL DECEIVED BY THE OODNTr. BT THE AUTHOR OP " LADV ADDLEY's 8ECI1ET." At half-past twelve o'clock on the following day Sibyl and Mr. Trenchard stirt on their drive to the How. It is more than an hour's drive, even with Mr. Trenchacd's well-fed horses, who are used so little that they aro in a chronic state of either wanting to lun away or languishing into a crawl. Their paces between Redcastle and the How are an alternate bolt and dawdle, and perhaps, on the whole, they take more time about the joarney than the less pampered steeds which ply for hire at Redcastle station. Sir Wilford Cardonnel is smoking his cigar on the grassy walk inside the moat as Mr. Trenchard's carriage drives through the gateway. The How is a good old place of the moated grange order. Tudor gables and windows in front; roofs and chimneys at the back of the premises of an earlier period; a line old chapel, which has been converted into a drawing-room; a monkish refectory, which has been made a billiard-room. The gardens are lovely, and that deep wide moat, with its dark still water and smooth green banks, adds not a little to their beauty. A swan comes sailing down the dark shining water as Sibyl alights, assisted by Sir Wilford, who has thrown away his cigar and come to welcome his guests. " How late you are!" he exclaims. " I have been expecting you for the last two hours. How what will you see first?—the stables or Sibyl is going to say the gardens, but Mr. Trenchard, who knows that his host's tastes are turfy, votes for the stables. " I'm so glad you like stables," exclaims Sir Wilford, addressing himself to Sibyl, as if the choice were hers. " I'm rather proud of mine, you know. I've spent a good deal of money upon 'em. They were regular pigsties when I inherited the place. My poor father didn't care about his stables, you know. As long as he had a couple of carriage horses to drag the family about, a weight-carrying cob for his own use, and a pony or two for us children, he was satisfied. His horses weren't members of his family. Why in his time the gardeners and farm laborirj were as well accommodated as the horses," concludes Sir Wilford, as if this were the summit of iniquity. They traverse a shrubbery, and find themselves in the stable department, a spacious quadrangle, stone-paved, with a stone basin of •water in the middle. Numbered doors, and windows adorned with flower-boxes, surround this neat square quadrangle, each door opening into a loosebox, each number belonging to a special quadruped in Sir Wilfonl's stud. Within, the loose boxes are as neat as a spinster annuitant's best parlor. Each horse is provided with a cat or dog for company, while one animal, more social than the rest, is not satisfied without the society of a stable boy, who sits in a corner of his box reading the paper all the summer afternoon, while the lordly beast stares dreamily at him across the swinging door, and makes an occasional snap at him, displaying an appalling range of long yellow teeth, in pure playfulness. Sibyl is introduced severally to the horses, who are swathed in double sets of clothing, as if they were in Siberia. " Why are the poor things wrapped up so this warm weather?" inquires Sibyl. " That's to keep up the beauty of their coats, mum," says a stable boy. Numerous animalsareunclothed, andbrought out in the sunny quadrangle to display their various graces. They all seem pretty much alike to Sibyl, except that some are thin and some thick. Sibyl admires the slimmer mals, but Sir Wilford, Mr. Trenchard, and the stud groom go into raptures about the thicker and more stalwart quadrupeds. "There's a shoulder!" says the groom, punching a bull-necked brute. " Carry a church." " There are legs," cries Sir Wilford, " regular gateposts!" " Shall I bring out Ball of Bashan, sir?" enquires the stud groom, and another thick-set beast is led forth, plunging viciously to the rearwards as he emerges from his cool retreat. Bull of Bashan is the gem of the stud. His leading qualification is cobbiness. He has a thick neck, thick legs, a straight line from hock to fetlock, short barrel, broad cliest, an eye like Joye to threaten or command, and not a white hair about him, as the stud groom remarks complacently. Time was -when Bull of Bashan 'would have been esteemed a serviceable: horse for a village miller, or a tenant farmer.,. To-day he is the last fashion for a gentleman -of fortune. "Ban away with a stable boy yesterday morning "when he was being exercised," says Sir ^ilfoid,^approvingly, patting the beast's solid ;shoulder, '-'.'which familiarity the Bull resents by sticking'his ears back till he appears to be unprovided with those appendages, and giving a vicious kick in the direction of his master's shins. " How do you like the Bull, Miss Faunthorpe ?" " Isn't he rather bad tempered!" inquires Sibyl, doubtfully. " Oh, he's a lively horse, I admit, but the best goer in the stable. The men don't care about riding him, but he and I understand each other,—don't we, Bull ? There, take him in, Chanter." They look into I0030 boxes, and Sibyl begins to think there is no end to the horses; but the stable inspection is over at last, and they go back to the gardens, where the baronet's sisters condescend to join them. Phoebe Cardonnel is a little more inclined to bo civil to-day than she showed herself at Lancaster Lodge yesterday. She tells Sibyl the names of roses and ferns, and makes herself otherwise agreeable. This amelioration of the young lady's manners has been brought about by a domestic process which Sir Wilford calls " a jolly good setting down." The baronet has informed his sisters in the plainest language that he considers Miss Faunthorpe the nicest girl ho has met for a long time, that he has been informed that she has large expectations from the old Indian beggar, meaning Stephen Trenchard, and that in his (Sir Wilford's) opinion, she would suit him admirably for a wife. Whereupon the two sisters, Phffibe and Lavinia, as with one voice, exclaim in the words of Mrs. Stormont,— " Wilford! a girl of no family." " Hang family !" ejaculates Sir Wilford. " We've got pedigree enough and to spare. The needful thing is ready money." " Oh, Wilford, you aro rich enough, surely." " Oh, I can rub along, if that's what you mean," answers the baronet. " But I could buy the Lnngley Bottom Estate if I had fifty thousand to dispose of, and then I should be the largest landowner between this and York. There's an upland meadow that should make the finest gallop in England, and you know how badly I want some good training-ground." " Well, Wilford, if I were the head of the family I wouldn't degrade myself by a plebeian marriage for the sake of a few paltry thousands. You might have Lady Malvina "Vielleroche for the asking." " But I never shall ask," answers Sir Wilford decisively. " Lady Malvina is a good deal too weedy for my money, and I don't like 'em that color. I'd marry Miss Faunthorpe if she hadn't a sixpence, but of course I take all the more kindly to the notion on account of that old chap's cash. I shouldn't like to see Longley Manor owned by some three-quarter bred cockney." The result of this conversation, which took place after dinner yesterday evening, is Pbrebe Cardonnel's amiable welcome of to-day. She takes Sibyl up to her own room to take off her hat before luncheon, and Sibyl admires the fine old house with his spacious corridors, massive Tudor windows, and innumerable rooms. It is all so different from the formal splendor of Lancaster Lodge. Here all is picturesque, full of old associations, suggestive of ruffs and farthingales, silken hose, and jewelled sword-hilts. There must be a family ghost, of course, in such a house. " It is a place whose mistress must feel like a queen," thinks Sibyl, as she stands before the carved oak dressing-table, with its old Venice mirror, not quite so convenient as a modern dressing-table, but wondrous stately. From the wide mullioned window she sees the garden and park spreading far away to the summer woods, and woods as well as park and gardens belong to Sir Wilford Cardonnel. She can but think what a mighty conquest she has made, if Sir Wilford is really in love with her, as she can hardly doubt. She is just a little intoxicated by the idea. She feels as if she had been raised suddenly to a dizzy height, from which she must come toppling down presently. She feels as she has often felt in a dream years ago at Miss Worrie's boarding school, when her slumbers were frequently visited by a vision of pride in which she saw herself wooed by some rich and noble suitor, and from which she awoke at the shrill peal of the school-bell, to find herself iu the bleak bare dormitory, with the prospect of a winter day's dreary toil before her. Luncheon at the How is a bounteous and hospitablemea), in an oak panelled dining-room. After luncheon they explore the old house, which, although not a show place, is well •worthy that honor. They look at the family pictures, which seem to Sibyl rather a collection of wigs than the countenances they embellish. The portrait gallery is, of course, a compendium of the family history, and Sibyl here discovers that the Cardonnels have produced alternate commanders by land and sea, for the protection of their country, and have occasionally blossomed into a judge. Stephen Trenchard takes his part in the day's proceedings with supreme patience; admires the family portraits just as he admired Sir Wilford's horses; and makes himself generally agreeable. It is only when he is seated in the carriage with his niece that the tension of the bow is relaxed, and weariness overshadows the Anglo- Indian's sallow countenance. " Esther a long morning, Sibyl," he says, " and more sight-seeing than I care about ; but I have borne it all for your sake. It will be a proud day for me if I live to see you mistress of that place. Yes, my dear, one of the proudest days of my life; and yet I have made many a conquest over fortune since I left Redcastle, more than fifty years ago, a gaunt hungry lad—turned my back resolutely on my native town, knowing very •well that there was nothing but starvation for me if I stayed there any longer." Sibyl is silent. It would be cruel to dispel a fancy which evidently gives the old man pleasure. Let him dream on. If what Mrs. Stormont says is true—and Stephen Trenchard's strength is dwindling fast,—the end may come before he is awakened from his dream. " And it will please him better to leave me his money if he thinks that I am going to be a rich baronet's wife," reasons Sibyl within herself. " To add riches to riches is the delight of such men." CHAPTER XXII. JEKNY's VISITOfi. Another blazing July afternoon, and all the cornfields baking under the ripening sunshine. Jenny Faunthorpe lolls in her favorite armchair—a dreadfully dilapidated arm-chair it is, with a faded chiniz cover which is always grimy—in the surgery window. She is very fond of sitting iu the surgery, chiefly because it is against her uncle's household laws—if any man so easy-going and mild as Dr. Faunthorpe can be said to be a lawgiver in his household—that she should sit there. It is not an attractive apartment. It is dirtier than any other room in the house, Hester being strictly forbidden to interfere with things this sacred chamber, or, in other words, to sweep, dust, or scour. Its atmosphere is odoriferous with compound rhubarb pills, colocynth, and pounded aloes. Its counter is sticky with the traces of divers medicines which have boon compounded upon it. But there are attractions for Jenny in the room notwithstanding, and she infinitely prefers it to the family parlor. There is the syrup of poppies yonder on the second shelf from the top, in the dusty recess where the spiders have such a good time of it, and Jenny often indulges herself with a few sips of that soporific decoction. If she has a surreptitious novel in her possession she hides it on one of the lower shelves, behind the delf jar of leeches, perhaps. Sometimes she takes the leeches out and plays with them. At other times, when she is quite sure of not being disturbed by Dr. Faunthorpe she amuses herself by taking down sundry bottles and making up prescriptions of her own. Thus:— Syrup poppies, loz. Honey, lots. Cons, roses, £oz. Peppermint, I drachm. Tamarinds, 2oz. Aqua pura, 4oz. This afternoon, however, she has a particular reason for preferring the surgery to her usual happy" hunting-grounds among the gooseberry bushes. Faithful to her promise to Sibyl, she makes the surgery window her post of observation, so that if the young man she expects should approach by the front door she may be ready to receive him, and cut off all communication with Hester. Should he come to the garden wall, on the other hand, as on his previous visit, there can be no harm done, as the wall adjoining the lane is beyond Hester's ken. With infinite diplomacy Jenny has contrived to get Marion out of the way for the whole day by persuading her to take the train to Krampston and visit her old schoolfellow, Maria Harrison, the Krampston Wcsleyan minister's daughter, with whom Marion has kept up some semblance of friendship, although the tastes of the two young ladies are widely at variance, Miss Harrison being, as becomes her, of a serious turn of mind, while Marion is to the last degree frivolous. If there is one thing which Marion enjoys more than another in Maria's society it is the opportunity which it gives her to talk over Sibyl, whose goings on, gay apparel, and chariots and horses, Miss Harrison contemplates with the disapproving eye of the Hebrew prophets. Jeremiah himself did not denounce the foolish daughters of Israel with more vigor than Miss Harrison exhibits towards her old schoolfellow. Thus it is that whenever Marion is particularly offended with Sibyl she is always in the humor for a visit to Miss Harrison, whose home, though unpretentious iu its character, and situated in an obscure byway of the busy port of Krampston, is comfortable in its arrangements, and of a hospitable turn. The five o'clock tea at the minister's table is a plentiful and substantial meal, -which makes an excellent substitute for dinner, and renders supper a superfluity. Jenny, turning to account this idiosyncrasy of her elder sister's, has persuaded Marion that she owes Miss Harrison a visit, and that to-day is a good opportunity for the settlement of that debt. Marion has allowed herself to be persuaded, has put on her best bonnet, and departed for Krampston in the one o'clock train meaning to have a good look at the shops, which means a two hours' perambulation of the principal streets, before proceeding to Miss Harrison's paternal dwelling. " You needn't expect mo till you see me," says Marion at departing. " For if there's an evening service at Little Bethel I shall be obliged to go, though if there are two people in the Scriptures I dislike more than another it's Ahab and Jezebel, and they always crop up in Mr. Harrison's sermons." Jenny has thus made the coast clear. It is Hester's day for cleaning the kitchen and outhouses, a day upon which the Miss Faunthorpes must either open the door to patient or casual visitor, or encounter Hester's wrath, that faithful servant having a temper which is aggravated by hearth-stoning difficult corners and awkward steps, and exasperated to fever point by scrubbing worm-eaten old floors, which " never do one no credit." Jenny is quite sure that Hester will not appear till she brings in the tea- tray, scarlet of visage and perspiring, and puts it on the table with a bang and a clatter, exclaiming, " There now, you've got your tea, and don't come worrying for anything else." It is between three and four—the sleepiest hour in the slumberous balmy day, and Jenny basks in the sunshiny surgery window, with folded arms, watching the wasps and vagabond bees bouncing their stupid heads against the roses in the dusty front garden. It is the very hour iu which Sibyl and Mr. Trenchard are returning from the How, and the first diy of Jenny's watch. Just as the old minster clock with its mellow tongue chimes the half-hour a dusty wayfarer comes in sight, and Jenny cries out loud,— " It's the very man, by all that's wonderful! but dressed like a gentleman this time; and oh, how nice he looks I" Yes, it is the man she saw in the lane two winters ago, tired, footsore, out at elbows. To-day ho is as well clad as any man in lledcastle, and he walks as if he had only come from the station. He looks about him doubtfully for a minute or so, as if unfamiliar with the front of Dr. Faunthorpe's house, then sees the name upon the brass plate, and approaches boldly, opens the gate and comes in. " If Marion or Hester were in the way now it would be all up," Jenny says to herself. Before the stranger can ring she has opened the door, and stands face ti face with him upon the threshold. " You're the yery person I wanted to see," exclaims Alexis Secretan a6 Jenny confronts him, her big round eyes staring their hardest; " I'm lucky in finding you in the way." " Luckier than you know of," thinks Jenny. " Are you a patient!" she demands aloud. " If you are uncle's out, and you can't have any medicine till after seven oclock. Between seven and nine in the evening are his horns, or before nine in the morning." " Nonsense, child; you must remember me, surely." Jane Faunthorpe's face expresses a total blankness. She shakes her head stolidly. " Perhaps I look a little more decent to-day than I did one winter afternoon two years and a half ago," says Alexis, with a laugh, " but I'm the man who spoke to you across the ;arden wall. Do you remember now ?" " I have a faint recollection," replies Jenny, with a languid hauteur, which is very fairly imitated from Sibyl. "Come into the surgery, young man, if you please." Alexis laughs at the mode of address, and follows her down a step into that temple of the healing art. Jenny enjoys the situation, and means to make tho most of it. She looks at the stranger critically, as he drops into one of the frayed horsehair chairs, where parish patients are accustomed to sit awaiting Dr. Faunthorpe's opinion as the fiat of fate—the opinion rarely going beyond tho statement that the pitientis not so well as he might be, and that his condition will be improved by the medicine which Dr. Faunthorpe is about to give him. If, after this, the patient goes home and dies, it is his look-out. The parish has done all it can for him. "I want to know all about your sister Sibyl," say Alexis, looking round tho shabby room, and thinking that this home of his wife's uncle's is not much better than Mrs. Bonny's one pair front in Dixon-street, Chelsea. " Is she at home ?" Jane shakes her head dolefully, and heaves a sigh which would do credit to an actress of transpontine melodrama. " I was in hopes you had come to tell us something about her," she says, "for its hard thing to have one's eldest sister wandering about the world no one knows where." " Ton-mean to tell me that you don't know where she is at this present time!" exclaims Alexis. ."That's precisely the fact. She was governessing in Jersey when we heard from her last, but that's full ten months ago, and she's too much of a rolling stone to have stayed as long as that in one place. Especially as she told ns that the lady had red hair and used to fly into passions," adds Jenny, with a graphic touch that she thinks will give reality to her narrative. " What was the lady's name ?" "Mrs. Yokohama Gray," says Jenny on the spur of the moment, reminiscent of the advertisement of a certain dress fabric which she has perused with keenest interest. " Yokohama," repeats Alexis, " that's rather a queer surname." " Well, it is "very like that, if not that exactly." " Jersey," says Alexis, thoughtfully, " when last you heard of your sister she was in Jersey, and that was ten months ago ?" Jenny counts her fingers meditatively, aud appears to enter upon an abstruse calculation. h " Exactly ten months," she answers finally. y Could you show me your sister's letter V' " It's torn up. Uncle Eobert never keeps his letters." "But is not Dr. Faunthorpe anxious about your sister? It seems such a strange thin; for him to be ignorant of her fate." " Of course it is. But Sibyl's a strange girl. Uncle Eobert has bad many a sleepless night on her account. I dare say we shall get a letter from her some day telling us that she has gone with a lady to Peru, or Kamstchatka, or some of those hot climates where mosquitoes devour you all night, and alligators hide themselves under your bolster." Alexis sighs wearily. " I should liko to see your uncle," he says, " he might tell me more." " Not a bit of it," replies Jenny, who has posed herself gracefully on a corner of the surgery table and swings her leg to and fro, as if rather admiring the shabby leather boot at the end of it, deficient of every alternate button. " Uncle Eobert couldn't tell you a word more than I've told you. In fact, he mightn't tell you quite as much." " It's hard to be left in the dark like this," says Alexis. " It's hard upon us, but I can't see that it matters much to you," remarks Jenny. " If you are ever so deeply in love with Sibyl, she isn't so much to you as she is to us." Isn't she ?" exclaims Alexis. " Suppose I tell you that she is more to me than she is to any one else in the world, and that I am determined not to be kept in ignorance of her present position. She is my wife, Miss Faunthorpe, and the law of the land, as well as the law of God which preceded that law, gives a husband custody of his wife." " Gracious goodness!" ejaculates Jenny, slippingoff the angle of the table, and recovering her equilibrium with a struggle, "do you mean that my sister Sibyl is a married woman!" " She is my wife. An unfaithful wife, for she deserted me because I was poor. Yet I am weak enough to love her still, and I will go to the end of the world to find her." " My 1" exclaims Jenny. " This is the awfullest thing I ever heard of." "You can understand, therefore, that I have some right to make inquiries about your sister, and that I am justified in insisting upon seeing your uncle Eobert." " Oh, but you mustn't," cries Jenny, with overwhelming energy. " You mustn't breathe one syllable about your marriage to uncle Robert. It would be the ruin of all of us if you did. Don't you know that we are no belter than paupers, dependent upon his charity? He'd turn Marion and me out of doors if he knew that Sibyl had married without his consent. You don't know what a man he is. Our innocence wouldn't help us. He'd wash his hands of the whole lot of us." " That would be a very vindictive course of action." " Uncle Eobert is vindictive," exclaims Jenny. " Ho doesn't know what it is to forgive. Do you suppose he'd ever get over Sibyl's ingratitude! He never would, and he'd wreak his vengeance upon unoffending Marion and still more unoffending me, for Fm not old enough to go and get married clandestinely, if I wanted to." "I had no idea your uncle was such a Tartar." " Sibyl ought to have told you. I thought when a person married a person they always described their relations to that person." "J had an impression that Dr. Faunthorpe was quite an easy going little man," says Alexia. " Ah, Sibyl may liave felt it her duty to jnake the best of him. You see ho gives us the bread we eat, and one ought to be thankful for one's daily bread even if it's two days old, and scrapy as to butter. We don't ask for butter in our prayers, you see." " And you expect me to leave this place without making any further inquiries about my wife ?" demanded Alexis. " What's the use of inquiring when you've had all the information any one can give you here ?" asks Jane, with a practical air. " You'd much better go to Jersey and inquire there." Yet you say Sibyl is likely to have left Jersey by this time." "More than likely. She is always fond of _ ;hange. She may have gone to Calcutta, or St. Petersburg, or Hong Kong, or Scarborough, or anywhere where governesses are wanted. But you might trace her from Jersey, you know. It would be a good starting-point." " You tell me that she has never been home since she first left this place to go to Mrs. Hazlcton." Never," says Jenny, so resolutely that Alexis ought to know she is telling a falsehood. Well, if I can do myself no good by seeing your uncle " " And are sure to do us a lot of harm," interjects Jenny. " I may as well go away without seeing im, and trust to my own wits for finding our sister." "Decidedly," replies Jenny. "A clever young man like you can't be long at a loss." Good-bye, Miss Faunthorpe." You'd better call me Jenny, if you're my brother-in-law." " Good-bye, Jenny; thou hast comforted me marvellous much. I must go and try my luck elsewhere." " If there was anything in this way I could do for you," says Jenny, waving her hand in the direction of the shelves, " the surgery is at your service. I know the bottles as well as uncle does. Anything troin syrup of squills to corrosive supplement. Uncle sends a good deal of that to his parish patients, and I believe it cures them, but I'm not quite sure whether they take it externally or internally." " There's one little blue bottle up there that might be useful to me," says Alexis, with a touch of bitterness. He points to a little dark blue bottle that stands in a corner by itself on the topmost shelf in a recess by the fireplace, and away from the light. A bottle with a gilt label. Gracious!" cries Jenny. " That's prussic acid—deadly poison." A short cut out of a man's troubles, Jenny. But I suppose a man who takes that way is something of a poltroon, and I'm not disposed to try it yet awhile. Good-bye, Jenny." Good-bye, brother-in-law. I'm really very sorry for you, and I hope things will come right in the end. You may kiss me if you like, as we are such near relatives." Thus privileged, Alexis imprints a brotherly kiss upon Jane's forehead, and with a final sigh of disappointment departs. (To be continued.) 