th e stage!;"! >>>' -I i !< >\ PERFORMANCES OF ITHE ;W EEKj DEPARTURE OF THK'xFAVORTTdS. The Buddon cessation of Miss Jonmo Lees appearances just as tho publio had beg m to fully appreciate her groat acquirements is a mattor for genuine regret. Sho came to M el bourne as tho perfect oxinuont of a .star part, and charmed ovoryboily by tbo pathos with whieh sho investod a character: presenting pin culinrdiflicultiea. '-It was fol6|thftt tho artist who could |?ivo tho littlocrossing-Bweopor of Bleak IToupo an existence so ronl that ovory 0110 should immediately roeogniso 'the peculiarities' of tho street vagabond, and. could . yet. bo . idealise tho impernonation na to lift it into.tlm rrgiohof trngiepootryJnuHtboogouius of.no common order. But gonius is' n«»t always mnny-sided, and it was not until '>f tor wooka of her appcarancos ns the.G rnsshoppor and Mrs Smith had gouo by, that wo began to undor- staudthnt wo hnd among ,ua ;au actross who - could boito tiioMolbourno of to-day what Mrs Kcoley .was to tho London of our .futhors, aud Mdllo, Doja/.ot to tbo Freuoh stage of vthe\ earlier half of tho century. Thoro is no in-C cougruity in, tho comparison of Miss Jonmo Leo with thoso groat artists of. tho past, Liko Mrs Xe'oloy sho draws smiles or tears at will ; liko Dojar.et- sho duos everything with a delicacy of touch that buhancos the liuish of tho performance, . Those who aro old enough to havo soeu- Mrs Kcoloy ns' ''Sinlko" will ru- member a parallel performance to "Jo" though , as .Mrs Kooloy loft oft playing it bofbro Jonmo ' Lob was born, tboy will noquit hor of drowiug inspiration 'from .that so'urco. TIiobo who again have heard Dpjnzot sing "La Bollo Bourbonnaiae" will havo nodiflicnlty in diseovoring tho anmo dolioato varioty ol expression and arch comi cality1 of onnnciation in "Tho. .Squiro and Maria."" Miss Emolie Melville's performances .hivo alao ended before sho hns beon s'eou 111 a new opera, which is another eovcro disappointment to the plhy-going public,. Malingers, must of coureo know their own business boat, but thero is up doubt-that had Mirs Melville appeared in any of! tho uow ojwaa sho has played since she lefi alio would Jmvo drawn largo houses for months togothor. Sho is horsolf far inoro charming thau when sho flr.it took Molbonrno by storni p but' it was hardly fait to oxpoct pooplp to workup tho old onthuNinsin on tho' old linesj I Those ilustnkca "aro purely "managerial, 'aud. tlioy aro to. bo rogrottod, becauno thoy uiay' give leading artistos an idaa that Molbonrno is not propnrod to'wolcomethom aRocoud timo. The very'cohtrnry is tho case. ThoMelbourno public nroiiiost faithful to uld friends. But wo do not' liko oven our oldost friends to givo usj a . roohivuifeo of yesterday's' dinner. The provoking part of it isthat'tlio management in actual good faith took usmuch' pains with tho old performances ha would havo.. ensured the "absolute success of tbo now ones; At tbo conclusion of Miss Jonnio, Loo's pur- formanccsj next week, wo aro promisod tho comic 'oporo of ' .1 - A" I ' BlLtiK Tayloh, whicli wiil bo produced'- 'at' - the ;-Princewi'a Thcatio with Miss Nellie Stownrt in the lead ing part of rhrcbo. So for as it is ppssiblo to judge of U|o opera from tho piano scoro," and that part of the libratto; Attached to it," tho piece hoR been ittbttmibeWbftt. .upon tho 'lines of,riafore. That is ; to say, ' that it" dopends upon -tho' conjunction' of sailors, eitizens, and ladies, in a free and easy riinnnor to ploasanb and livoly music. .-.Its' plot rollowa clbbely tliolinos.of the old ballad, whtcb tolls to a hornpipotuno bolovodof our forofnthors how , Dillon Taylor wag a brisk youug 'fellow > f " Full .Of fun, and mlrtluaml glu», >.».' Ami hljs lovo hu «H«l (Uakiver . ' , ' , . To a lacy _.fair Uld i ;-/ Billoe Taylor being prossod on. bis wedding, day, is followed tosoa nttho.earliosfc pussiblo opportunity by his ludy lovo ; but unfortmp. atoly; before sho finds, hiiii, lie has transferred hiB affections to a rival, and 'when she moots' him it is literally "With his lady in his jiand." Shoshoots the recreant swain both in tho old song and the how opera, to the great satisfac- ' tion of tbo rpraaindorof the dramatis ncrsbmu and, aa tho history tell ua' 'l.'ilVhon the /jilmiral canio for to heVr It f " I lo very umvh applauded hor for what sho had dono, And stnughtway mode hor his flratHeutonanf " ' On board ofjthe gallant Thundorhomb. If tho rough rhymes which suited :our graud- porente appear disogreeablo, thoaovho ,dis-." iiko llioQi niusti blame Mossrs Stephens and Solomons \Vho havo disinterred them, Tho, 'inuaicis ijght, easy, and rollicking, or,at Ioaat, 'i is meant "to jbo so. Thero arojtbirooVor.four comic .soug4, which young Victoria ..will . 00 doubt trausfcr to tho drawing-room, notably' Bon Barnacle's ditty of "All on account of Elfea," which is likely : to ' bo ' about' as popular) as "Tommy mako . . .room- for your Uiy;le/' f Sir' Mincing ' Laiie's !love song, -"Tho, self-tnndo kiiight" may rank with Sir! Joseph Portoi's ."Ruler of the Qiieon's Navde;"and thoro are at loaatthroo more which jmayrboar . repetition out of the piece; . Most f the songs aro written- in the fashionable mannor, with tho'favorito .Uhahg03 of time raj tho. chorus. , , Fdr' iuatanco "Ik)ve, love, joyoi' boglna ."in 6-8tmi6,.vivaco,. and hasits- rAfrain in 2-'l— tiino,' " The poor wicked man, "too tho , other. ihand,'. begins in. 2-4timej) lergoa into fi-S— timo in tho' iniddleofoech verso, and reverts to tho original; measure utthb end.'of it,' A ahorusof charity girls inndo a Jreat hit in London.,' It ' is « in- waUk timo, 3-$, and its first lino: may 'give Homo cluo to its motive : " T)ioufb wo'ro Wed up on clurlty, . mi- :» We'vu nlenty of hilarity, '..i d- - V Wenono df us wliiun>er, or murmur, or sob, . )\'u stick to our lottorop ' Aro polite toour betters, Aud our manner wo sliowby our charity bob. ' 1 " Bob" means courtesy, and tho girls cour- tesy perfiovoringly at every repetition of the word, . ! THBi LKGiTlJtATlS' l)nA5L\, Miss Pome Joy, asIJnmlet, with tho. prospect of MrlShbridamas Lear,. Othello, and Kicholiou, gives a cortaiiity that we shall havo plenty of legitimate business at 'the Thoatro Royal for a timo; ' /Mibb Poirioroy will bo supported by ilrll.nVincont as the Clhost, Mr Elliot asLnerteu, Mr Appleton ns Horatio, and generally by the capable company she has had around hor in her provincial trip, Mr Hollowny's happy idea of bringing tho ghost on in tho chamber sceno in robos instead of in armour has been much liked. Indcod one ndy soys that if .Hamlet senior really did during lifo appear in his wife's chaihbor in armour as a regjilar thing, sho was quite justi fied in putting an end to him and taking another husband "whose habit ns be livod' was of a softer toxturo. Mr Elliot's Laertes is a distinct advanco upon anything he has previously done. This clever and capable young actor hay, ever slnco he was first noticed by the public in' a vory juvenile part;— "Yonng Carter," in Saratoga, half . a t dozen -years ago— - with tbo Linbards, eteadily mado every character ho has played an improvement nn tbo otbors. Ho bos one fault in n alee up, and that, is a decided tendency to exaggerate his personal advantages, a neadloBS precaution It makes him look 0 littlo "dolly" now and then, hut he is always sensible and painstaking, and vory likely Bonie .potent influence has dictatod the roanomvre. j ! 1 KOBOIVKN.' Mr JameB Albry's new plays have . been ho unlucky that MrlMarsball may lie excused fori falling back on nn old one.. -. It must bo a dozen yoars since Forgiven flrat saw 'the light at tho Globe in London,' with tho late, ..Mr Henry J. Montapuo, a bawtsQine and au Attractive notor, iu tho lo.\diuK cli»rin. and Mins Gnrlotln Addison, a very cln young lady and au adiuirablo actress in"! p.iucipal femslo part. What M> Marslj-fll . niiou by effacing himself with Recoudary \n\n mono enn guess. But he has an excollent pmy and ho hna choson a capital pioco sotl" public ought to bo coutoutod. Mothor-iu,! ' Ins dono fnlrlmfilness, but Htrango to eay m % ' a1 nmji last net U Ichs successful : tbau \n\ w lmvo boon oxpootcd. 1 ' . . . TUB MASTODON MINHTHKt.H, LTi.clo Tom's Cubin, tho .Slave's' Ueve and tlie Octoroon, which lastnamed drams 1 1 Im played to night,aro vory well auitajlu,',"' p -V lira nl tliia utroiiR combination bt musn. j '< l arid dramatic ability. Tin publio lmvo or. '' rui.cn to bo well natisliod with tho bill of -r p.r.-ntod. to thoui, aud tho ,M w llidCKt-rvo tbo lHitronago thoy obtain ' stauk lymai-XBs.' ,, At tho c.oucliiaion of tboir prosont ona.ro mrnt nt tho Princona-a Thoatro, Misa Jon| Leo ami Mr .T.P, Durnfitt will vieit 'Halllr"(> " and Sniidhurat, . playing ,T0, nnij' j" ' C?rhsjdioppor, at oach placo. ' Thoir count,!' lour may. bo loogthouod if thoy find it aatoa ,nblo and suitable. Onr friends in tho ptoviuco havolhoroforoat InsV tlio opportunity of wit', , no, sing two of (lie most artistic and aucoowfoi" Of tho thoatricnl porlonnaucoa of inodotn tlm< U'liio aonipllohcd conpio aro now wo boliora soloe. Vgn.cinninuiy to aupport thorn. . Jlis.lHmclio Molville intomls to travel ivit|. ' n'comphny of her own. Hor groat personal popularity and hor nnrivallod nrtiatio powers will mako this tonr, If it bo well inanagorf ninrvollously Biicoosaful. Tho fair prima donna moditntcH an oarly start, Of Miss Fomoroy's Hamlet,tho Sandlm paiiors declare that it constantly nilvaqcoa to ward pcrfoctioti, and tlmt all tho littlo dofocta""- of tho first performance havo boon obliterated ' by pra'etico aud. repetition, Tho.Bationco troupo open in Sandburp on 'Jth'.September, . . , . In nunouueing tho GlIi and last night of Michael Strogoif, in which Mr Dampier hag been playing inAdolaidejlbnAdvurtner eayi;— "To-night; ia . tlio lost of Michael Strojoff wbichiswoll worlh'nooing," Does the Ad- voitiuor mean .that . " tho lost nf Michael ' Strogoif is wull worth seeing 7" " Aii Oporo Company uudor Mr and M.- South have! been playing Maritanj Nemesis, nud. othor operas, successfully 4 at Tniiorn. Youth is now running ite sixth week snceei fully. 'in Sydney, . ( MrDampior was to Uko a bonofit at tits. Theatro Royal, Adelaido.' laat night (Friday) tindor tho patronage and presenco of tbo Govomor. ' Tbo Juvoniln Pinafore troupo played forth) bonofit of tho local .hospital at: Tomora, the oilier day and draw a crowded homo. Tho Tomora' llorald indignantly ' announces that notwithstanding this fact, and that tlie advfr- lining, was dono for nothing, only L l -las ' handed .over. .The \vorfc of it was tliat the proprietor of tiio Tomora. Horald 'paid bis (la i< for his tickets. .- .v- : Buoholdor's Minstrols havodono very goal husiocssthiB.weok at Hamilton, !and tbo local phperls onthusinatic in its. praisoa of Maiwi Moynhnm, (contortionist), 'Iveonau, IteaJ Borgin, Iiall aud Frodoricks. MrL. M. Bqyless, with tho Havorley Min- Htrels, will arrivo ' in Sydrioy on the ' tllith inat by tbo Ainoricah" mail." Ilia troupo inclndes 'a quartette who sang boforo the Briuco of Wales in London. Tbo iuiuatrols will open at tlio GaiotyjTheatro,lSyduoy, oh Saturday,2ud "September, 1 Tbo first genuino organ rocital in Sydney was 'giyon at "the ' Un'ivoiSlty l'nat " Saturday, ilt.wus.vory successful. The programme was a good oho,' including selections from Handel, Rossini; Mendelssohn and ' Wagner. Tho uew'organ1 turns, out to' bo a spocially fmo 'iustuimeut; MrShoridau,who'is to bo the next star at the Royal, has addedOtbcllo to the impersonations with which he baa dolightod his Sydooy nudiencos. Ho has bocu thoroughly successful in tho assumption. 'iMiBB Davonport'aDesdQ' mona in highly laudodrdlsb;, and the Emilia of MraStanuhors is pronounced oxcellont. Mr'Catcsis condemned ns having beon "t'puri- tanical " in Gasrio, which can hardly be juit. .unssio '. was not given tiiat way, uor is Mr Cates. ' y , . Miss Alarjoh Willis, Mr J. ', ICeogb, Mr J.'iBrSteuieand several mombors of the , troupo which was Intoly playing at tho (Queen's Theatre are about to start upon a country tour, under; tho.managoment of Mr Wills. Mr \YvH, Bout is now playing with Mr Kellar at the Opera Houso, Sydnoy, Miss Clara StovenHon and a 'strong dramatic company of; well known poople are goiog to .Queensland for 'a" trip,' " Tlioy will open at Maryborough. : . « Mrs Kooloy, who first appearances wore mado .In tbe year 1825, 'played Betsy Baker on the ;ltt ultimo for tho benolitof Mr Toolo. It is :m extraordinary thing that she can boar to at tompt it'i seeing that all ber old friends win -foimevJy appeared with hor in tho piece have beon dead for a long timo. 