The Sketcher. Atheism in the Domain. ' In the grandiose of the aspiring tailor, Saunders Soeck elumbefu*00^11 fetter was struck from the limbs of the* sole credit foTNL*' on Sunday weeL TheAtheuteclaimtha; eo proud of the vlcDc!?^ of the Art Gallery, and they at* tured citadel. They*g&fitthey; forebore to enter the cap-: steps as usual, an3 celebrat!o-$n *^e Agricultural Hall slang. Their fierce and fanny leacfifj*?011 '- * fea8t oip onto the ace of spades, inasnr^ '^fijmay be likened prominent card in the pack, &*t ^^T*^fi: ..*§'*?*! ' Bradlaugh, in reality, care little for tLuZ^L, 3?°*$ «£ eagle of liberty, soaring aloft, and flapping JP^E*-, Tola defiantly screaming, is a magnificent sight; buig^S*! «-Ul further reason to. soar, remove Mb grievanres^'*01! Hff epigastrium with meat, in other words hasten the affibhir millennium, and he will soar and flap no more. Much of the picturesque and romantic has gone from the free thought ^ syllabus with the Art Gallery trouble. The "serfs ' and ' slaves ' can no longer be excited to wrath by the finger of the seer of the ages pointing scornfully to their own doors shut- against them. Peradventure, however, there are a few other miserable people left—a few more tyrannies to expose ere the mission of the Park agitator be ended. It is indicative of the respect which he entertains for his audience that this power in the State addresses them invariably with his hat on, albeit his rostrum is well shaded. The topical speaker, like the topical singer, derives aplomb and confidence from the fact of his head being covered in the presence of his peers. . Until recently the Freethought Lyceum confined themselves to subjects somewhat within their intellectual range, such as - the political and social regeneration of the world, the menac ing increase of goats, and the capsizing of Ministries. Lately they mischanced on theology, and two or three of the prudent-minded are anxious that they, should get out of so dangerous a fog, recognising the fact that spiritual belief is governed more by training, association, and natural idiosyncracy than by reason, and that it is as a rule impreg nable to coarse attack or ridicule. The Pistols, however, are reluctant to hark back, having the extraordinary notion that the eyes of Sydney are upon them, and that tt would be pusillanimous to debate the commercial policy of the Peruvians or the canals on the planet Mars until they have eradicated effete superstition. The proceedings last Sunday were varied ; for, in addition to the ordinary allowance of blasphemy, the suppression, of which they affirm would be an anachronism, a quantity of stuff was uttered on tho occasion calculated to make Thersites nervous for his fame. Mr. Eastern, having preliminarily denounced- the sketch appearing in the Mail as the emanation of a lunatic, pro ceeded to read a portion of it aloud, greatly to toe general amusement. It this gentleman takes his freethought views from Mr. Bradlaugh, he is indebted to Mrs. Malaprop for his pronunciation. The way in which he stabbed and mutilated the polysyllables was revolting to humanity. He is a veritable Bashi-Bazouk of a reader. Without' pausing to obtain from the orthography of a stiff word some reasonable guess as to its sound,' he charges once or. twice madly at it, manufactures a brand-new one, and leaves the author's meaning quivering behind him in a dusty chaos. In the time of his ancestor, Jack Cade, who was also for pulling down princes, kings, and priests, he would unquestionably have voted for hanging poor Emmanuel, the schoolmaster, with his inkhorn about his neck, and all other people who presumed to talk about, 'nouns'' and ' verbs.' The term Adullamites was the first of a dangerous flight of hurdles, and the Ghost of Bradlaugh put his Pegasus boldly through it, leaving a broken heap of ' Addle-mites' in the rear. The next leap was 'heterogeneous.' 'When the debris was picked up it was found identified mysteriously with, the uncongenial syllable ' hog.' Shibboleth found new shape, a ' she bowleth,' and so on ad infinitum. Although Mr. Easton impugned the article generally, the only inaccuracy he was able to point out in it was that the young Hebrew disputant, of the previous Sunday had been referred to by his own cog- nomen Easton. Singularly enough, most of the tribunes of the Atheistic stump also did not know the name of their recruit from Jerusalem. Mr. Day hazarded the honoured, name of Murphy, at which, there was a general laugh. Finally the gentleman chiefly concerned, gave the name of Harris. Mr. Easton's grammatical, lameness is only conspicuous when associated with his pre tensions as a debater and doctrinaire. He is like a boy attempting Euclid before he has mastered the multiplication table. At the outset of his observations he said the writer had 'got hold of the pig by the wrong ear,' a simile of dubious meaning, which the alert Day instantly translated, for the benefit of the company as 'got hold of tho wrong pig by the ear.' Mr. Day, who had been preparing thunderbolts all this, time, now rose. He did not concern himself with his critic more than to invite him on to the platform to. be verbally bludgeoned. His face wore an expression of gloom and ferocity which boded 'beans hot' for somebody. It had reached the ears of Mr. Day, so he said, that Paddy Clark, a renegade, who had quitted the freethought platform last Sunday to preside at the meeting of Picton, the Christian champion, had said that he (Day) was nothing more than a loafer on society. 'Now,' said Mr. Day, ' I may be a thief, a scoundrel, a blasphemer, whatever you like, but there are hundreds here who know that I am anything but a loafer — that there is not a more hardworking man in New South Wales than myself. I owe no man a penny, and for the seven years I have been in Sydney I nave never been, out of work. Can Paddy Clark show a hand like that (elevating his own) ? Excuse me if I seem blowing my own trumpet. It's a case where a man is justified in doing it. (Hear, hear.) And what is this Paddy Clark? Most of you know. First, a Roman Catholic, then a Wesleyan, then a Spiritualist, and then a Shaker— (laughter)— and a Freethinker, and what not. He don't know what he is him- self. He's like our Town Hall clock with four faces ; with this difference, that he hasn't got three of them bashed in by this time. 'Whatever friendship there was betwixt us before — and that was mighty little— is now ended. Paddy Clark and I are as far asunder as Abraham and Lot ; and my only hope is that, when the resurrection trump sounds to blow some of you higher into the light, it will send him deeper into hell ! Too hot ? (in reply to some inaudible remonstrance) It's the truth.' Apart from its profanity, it will appear to many of Mr. Day's admirers as curious that he, who wishes to strike the fetters of supernatural belief oft the limbs of the Christians, should thus unguardedly refer to hell as a fact, and not either an allegory or a fable. The most rigid Calvinist will per ceive there is hope for the triumph of orthodoxy in even so stubborn a case as this, however much the circumstances accompanying the confession are be deplored. ' Mr. Clark, who had been sitting under this shower of abuse all this time, rose to make a few words of reply. He is a man inclined to the sanguine colour, and as unlike his antagonist as a zephyr is unlike the simoom of the desert; but far more effective, because be governs himself, He did not feel himself called upon to reply to the attack which had just been made upon him. He felt it to be an honour. Just as when the character of a man who was attacked by M'Elhone was made for good, so he felt assured of his own good name when he found it to be roughly handled by Osman Day. \p ' he found it ' necessary to defend his * rebut- *«l!r from the attacks of Day.it would be time to g^ 'uSS and reform himself. (Laughter.) He had Bot,tM^^ given cause for euch offensive remarks. What J «^m «T* at Mr. Picton's meeting was thai Day's perfo* JZfzZ* Z general were like those of a clown at an W' imT^^ fair, and sure to draw more than any other aT j£^™fcnw ever meritorious. He never called anymr SZ??Zz~l wl had said that probably Mr.Day could' v j£L*£th?'f S sights to be seen in .Syoneyafte/ lloV^J^ anv other man in the community. (Lp- n_»,vlJ\ -»5-»- -«-»- Sir Day :.« It?s perfidy correct, JgSSL Thafraba Mr. Clark concluded by denou- ^m|- j^ anfagonwt for Ow character of his conversation. r j^ j-ar . » i never said anything about my morality.' rj Moreover, to ahow ti»t Mr. Day was never in bis elemr ^ unless ho was abusing some one, he one day begged b\m (Mr. Clark) to make an attack npttB him some Sunday, in ordSf that he might reply and *^e it hot for him before the crowd. (Cries of ' Oh, oh,' asd&htiekcof; langnter.) . . Mr. Day's reply was to call Clark a creeping, cringing, crawling thing, with whom Freethinkers should hold no fellowship; m, to reaffirm Mb accusation, he had it -gL*n authority of a man who had been in Mb ^plojji^™™* don rained by Mr. B-*£? _T7 ? ^ -/^sttaof Kazaretfcvere art'/r '£%*«& «? ™ 9 S01^ as toe .CbrWiaMWUeTolitttobe.' He itook Ijfo iaTvTsito ** i^cned from tho contest, to show that Christ owned ^heemetobi^^Menaionin^faniflieg. Mr.Picton, who always appears *in,e*Pe'^edly, mounted the steps, and after * long-wind^ diapute as to whether he jbggML jfe timed administered a well-deeerved rebuke to &* . yoong Hebrew for not understanding, 0^ affecting * ot to understand, the rich metaphor and parable in which most of his own literature fa clothed. Mr. J)aj. in gniBiblinglY allowing that Picton had had the best ?I the argument, reminded him that he was old enough to be Baniro grandfather, and therefore ought to know 40 times as much. A time would come, &c;, &c.; 