©je ^Wallaroo Ciweg. WAXiLiAJROOj WEDNESDAY, FEB. 8, 1882, It will be Been by adcertisement in another column that a public meeting is to be held m Kadina tomorrow evening for the purpose of considering the question of a permanent - Water sup ply for Kadina, Peela Weela, Thomas Plains, Boor's Plains, &c.; Of course at the present time although some difference of opinion." exists as to the precise locality in which proper reservoirs should be constructed, there is no difference of opinion as to the neces sity for deciding upon some fixed scheme guarding against such disasterous res^i&s; follow in the tract " of fi water famine, deciding this question, as in all others, majority should be listened to, aiid we hope therefore that the farmers in tbe locality named will fee the neces sity of attending en massb so as to decide as to where the most central position is at the present time for a dam. We need scarcely point out that the im portance of Thomas' Plain as'a" farming district fully warrants the construction of a very large reservoir,- apd tbere is little doubt that the nature bf the sbil is ad wijr&lfor; tbe purpose." Peela'Weela.'foo, has but unfortunately,. like tnanj others, no c$re has been taken .in its con - struction nor has any troublebeen taken to make tbe best possible use. of it since. Boor's Plains are in about the same condition, except that being an old £j^ablished district, farmers have had more tim/e jt<? adopt means for a private supply that has been jbeyocd the power of those in the newiy settle^ hundreds .to the north. Tbe dams in the localities mentioned should be excavated on a large scale, and a section of land should be reserved And let with them so that a person could be continually in charge, thus obviating tbe difficulty that has al ways arisen in connection with these dams ; and care should be -taken to guard against the lessee, having a, large, flock, of cattle or horses. Of course in places where District Councils exist there would be no necessity: for taking such stepB. In addition-to Ibe places named a large Ham should be made neat the Baranga road some five or six miles"fr<jm Kadina. There are some excellent sites, and we warrant that if proper dams were con structed as rwe baTeintiraatedthat the majority of those who' have' hitherto been dependent- spoil, the township for water would be better accommodated, hundreds of pounds Manually would be haved by the farmers, and .the jmai reBult would, of eoarse, be^£aterj>resperi ty to the town. far the largest farming centre in a very, short time will be about Tickera. The whole of t&e; land for fifteen mileB north, of that point—for ten miles east, ana for the same distance to the south has been selected.- At present-4o' the south and east nearly all the land haB been brought! "under cultivation, janfl bnt for the fact of the present excessively dry weather hun dreds of others would have ere this been - settled on the land that was purchased at i ihe great sale of Sept. 1,1881. At the pre TfeWliffielMImmense-tractthat we have ' referred to is almost without a means of a i watersujp_ply. ^Certainly there is a small ] dam sunk at Tickera but it is not more than a provident farmer who could afford it would hare for his own use. Now, it: must be patent to everyone that if a water supply is need anywhere it is in Tickera; for although farmers should do all they possibly can to provide water for them selves it must be borne in mrnd that the largest proportion on tbe western side of the hundred of Tickera have not been able to do anything in tbe way of constructing dams, nor will they be able to for some time, so that it is essentially necessary that some steps should be taken at once to meet the re quirements ,of the case. The natural featnres cf the country near where the present dam is constructed is most suit - able for catching, purposes—none better can bh fouiied in the district; and if the Government would go to the expense of damming the large gully that runs down by the old huts, a water supply could be ; secured that would be sufficient for the : Peninsula, so far as quantity- is concerned. Unfortunately there has been some party feeling infused into the present question which is not calculated to further it; in fact, so long as.it exists it will merely give the Government the. opportunity, if they so desire, of saying, " Well, when you are agreed amongst yourselves as to what you really want, then shall we give the question that consideration which its im portance warrants." It is to be hoped, therefore, that farmers in the surrounding hundreds will attend to-morrow night and decide for . themselves the places when the Government shall be asked to con struct reservoirs. The telegram which announced, early last week, that copper had fallen to £69 odd per ton, naturally cast a damper over the spirits of those.intere9ted in mining on the Peninsula; but from circumstances which have since arisen it is questionable if the stability of the market could have beenshown better in any other way. Doubt less the large failures that were reported throughout Europe, and especially tbe disturbed condition of affairs in France, bad a paralizing effect upon trade generally, and the copper interest was amongst the greatest sufferers. No sooner, however, is the horizon cleared than the market improves, so that within a few . days there is an increase of some £3 perton in -the price. It inspires confidence in the Peninsula to find that one of its staple industries bids fair to once more nest upon the prosperous footing that it heid some ten years ago. We bavB the additional satisfaction, too, of feeling that we shall have benefitted by past experience so much aa to be in a position to make the most of the good times which seem to be iu store for our staple interest. The whole of our large mines ate now in full work, and as a consequence the local railways are fully i • It reminds one of old times to see the io^ PtrinS of ore truck8 which arrive daily from tbe Moonta and Wallaroo Mines. At the -at" ter new roads are being laid down round the mine to allow of the working of a steam motor for shunting and other purposes—one of the. lame kind has been working for some " time with great success at the: Moonta. At both mines exploring "operations are being pushed forward vigourously in addition to the large extent of work being carried on in the way of raising and dressing ore; At the Haipley the results are all that could be desired by its most sanguine admirers. The large output is being kept up and there is no sign of diminution. . At the Kurilla, dur ing last week, one streak of good luck seemed to closely follow upon another— two or three important discoveries having been made close to Gurner. Taken altogether it ig a long time since things looked so favourable for the mining in dustry. The market, seems to have a alow but steady upward tendency, and the mines' proprietors at the present time have eyery hope of being able to take full advantage of the rise, by getting large stopke re$<Jy for the market. The water question is one, | however, that has. a depressing effect upon the whole community; for although there is no immediate want in the mines, it must necessarily affect the whole community whei* euch an important section as that of the agriculturists, is driven to such straits as they arp at the present ttme. It is 'not long since the Peninsula would certainly have collapsed, but for'the farmers,'end it seems some what providential that their mining friends'ire more prosperous now that the 44 cockatoo's" day .of trouble has come. We hope that tbe time is not far distant when both interests will be prospering together instead of performing the see saw motion that has marked them in the I past. Likes drowning man-grasping at a straw we are apt in times of adversity to tru6t to very slender threads in tbe'hope that we ! may get over the momentry trouble. True |-is it that" necessity is the mother of inven [ tion".for it seems that few human beings have the power of grasping the extent of a calamity until it is upon them—not even by- comparison ' with similar troubles through which they may have passed be fore. The truth of these remarks will be borne out at the present time in connection with the general water supply of this colony. It is not many years since. a •imilaT scarcity was experienced, and one would have thought with thelong speeches -that were madia candidates fpr Pflriia o/entary htraors and members of the fioyernmeut that. the like would never occur a^ain. Certainly the Government Jure pasied an amount for the; purpose but bo far the efforts that have been made can be considered a s only as so much money wasted. It is known that a large amount was expended at Port Wakefield, but. un fortunately a large proportion of that was paid to a gang of men who were idle for want of pipes that were on board a vessel coming from England; This part of the expenditure at least might Jiave been saved, as^we are credibly informed that pipes of the kind required were in stock at the time, but belonging to a different department from that under which the boring operations were being carried, out, they were .jiot obtainable. Now, however, when we are driven np in a corner as it were, we find'scientific men coming to the fore who affirm that they are in a position to bring the clouds under control, and make them give np the precious element which they hold over us temptingly for a time and then carry away. This task has been undertaken by professor Pepper of ghost celerbrity, who visited the Peninsula last year, and who is now located at Charters Towers in Queensland. The " Australasian" thus describes the modus operandi. " The professor proposes, in the first instance, to draw off the electricity of a cloud by means of a huge kite, thirty feet high, bristling with needles, and connected with the earth by an iron wire, wound on a barrel, the whole appsratns being managed by an " old sailor.'' Having rendered the cloud innocuous by elec trically tapping in this manner, the next thing is to convert it into rain. To ac complish this the professor unluckily has nothing better to suggest than bombard ing the cloud with shell. There are obvious objections to this method, one being that, whereas the rain would be doubtful, the fall of the pieces of shell would be certain. But science, in its broad provision, provides for meeting such objections ae these. The professor suggests that the surrounding population should be first warned by the firing of blank cartridges, or by troopers sent to scour the country, to keep indoors; .or, perhaps, if they prefer it, to put up umbrellas, so that the falling shells may not harm them. The professor has calculated the exact margin of danger, and is able to affirm that 'the chances are 1,000"to 1 against any bit of iron striking a human being, in consequence of the general dearth of population in large squatting or sugar districts.' No patriot would object to run this risk of 1 to 1,000 in the interests of the general community, and it would in a speculative community only add a new interest to life by the oppor tunity it would supply of getting up books and bets on the event. Of course, if the risk were 1 to 1,000, in a population, of several thousands, there would, ac cording to the law of averages, be several persons killed each time the invention was put in practice. These we do not doubt would receive the distinction of a suitable inscription in the national pantheon.'' Unfortunately, however, a telegram in Monday's papers announces the fact that!professor Pepper's experi ments have signally failed, but that does not matter much, for although-he may be ridiculed for a time be may console him self with the thought that he has been quite as successful, as most of our governments, and further that his failure like theirs, is traceable to the fapt that he shut put common sense from his deliberations; the only difference being that be has used scientific measures while the govern ment adopt " epginpering These is no place in the world where an individual's true character manifests it self morf clearly than when travelling by coach or rail. It IS the& tba* circum stances arise which gives one an opportunity of fudging whether his fellow passsengers h$ve §qy rpg^rd fop aqytbipg beyond their own comfort. Mr Small i mind is a most exemplary gentleman in j rnosl things, but he has been known to walk leisurely into a railway carriage whilst he saw a poor woman struggling wittt innumerable bundles and a^child or two, but it never entered his mind that he should assist one so far beneath him iu the social scalp. 4- fitffoionablp lagy, however, steps on tp the platform carry ing a parasol in one hand and a small retioulo io the other-^-tbe total weight of both being $bout 8 ozs, yet the gentleman we have referred to never dreams of allowing a lady to risk stepping from the platform to the carriage with such a weight in her hand, but asks to be allowed the " privilege" of holding them until she is safely seated, after which he hands the two articles named to the owner, is thanked, raises his imtin acknowledgment, and retires'to a seat opposite to be admired and looked upon as a " dear good gentle man." The same individual when the train was crowded has been known to retain a comfortable seat in a first-class carriage for twenty or thirty miles, whilst a woman with a baby in her arms was obliged accommodate herself as best she could on the floor of the same carriage. One need only take a trip to the metropolis any day of his life to find instances such as we have mentioned. The " Sydney Mail" draws attention to another phase of the same evil, and relates the circumstances of a case which Qccurred a few days ago which should certainly prompt -every man who travels to da hie beef; to e^pqse the gentle manly rufljaos'' who sq often encumber railway carriages, Our cojitempor&vy; says:—Good manners in railway trains are of some value to the public welfare, and ought not to be transgressed with impunity. For' mere rudeness, the law cannot lay its fingers upon any man, however amenable he may be to the influence of sogial ostracism ; bqt when rudeness is also accompanied by insulting behaviour to "peaceful citizens because of their objection to illegal practices, tbe law should have something to say about that. Such condupt w«g reported in connection ' with thp railway of this colony a few days ago. ' At a country station, between Wellington and Dubbo, a gentleman and hig wife were getting into the only first class carriage of a j particular train. It was occupied by four j or five gentlemen gamblers, who, fearing an interruption to their interesting p$9" tjme, tgaiiifeste^ anything fcftt signs of welcome- One of "them said audibly, as the lady set Toot on the step of the carriage, •* Here comes a- -women." disgusted at such an epithet, and not relishing the prospeet'of having to en'dnre such company for the iourqey she vraB bent upon, the lady "withdrew, and the law-abiding citizens . took refuge in "the break- van, leaving the law breakers to enjoy the saloon car riage alone. It is to be hoped this matter will cpme under the notice of the J^mister fflr Works, ^here ^re countries where sucb an epithet addressed to a lady in thp presence; of her. husband would ha^e been answered by 9 pistol-shot, and where pjibiie sympathy would have been on the side of the arenglng husband. New South Walesought never to tolerate such acts of retaliatian ; but if these gentlemanly ruffians become common, and the authorities cannot repress their ruffianism, society itself vrill be sure to find.a remedy. What are the names of those five first-class passengers who so grossly insulted a lady on the railways of 3STew South Wales because her presence might interfere with the game they were pursuing? Very likely they stand high in the social scale, if wealth can give them that position, and the Commissioner for Hailways ean easily find them out, if he likes. Apart from this cowardly insult to-3. woman,-the-'subject of jgambling on the railways demaudfiinvestigation, for there is only fcoo mficb evidence that it is becoming common. - The dispute on the Melbourne and Sandhurst line respecting I tbe £2000 lost by a passenger who was j foolish enough to gamble, and to gamble I with strangers, is but oDe of many cases occurriojg daily, although not for such a large sum. Perhaps these incidents will be accepted as additional reasons for the American system of cars, which enables those in charge of trains to walk from end to end at their leisure and to take proper eognizauce of all that is going oo. Sales To-dat.—Messrs Moody & Furner on Mr Gh Rule's farm; Mr Spinks, household furniture and pictures, at Wallaroo. Assigned Estate.—Mr Liang wili sell the stock &c; in tVie assigned estate of Richard Renfrey, on February 15. Wailaiioo Boabd op Advice. —Tbe meeting of the above Board was held at Kadina on Tuesday, a report of which will appear in our next.* "" The New Jetty,—We are pleased to find that the Engineer's department has decided to remove the rubbish that h as disgraced the new jetty for some time aB an apology for ballast. Unboofed.—Wallaroo was "visited on Sunday last with sundry gusts ia the shape of whirlwinds. Whilst oue was passing over it lifted the roof off Mr Robert Groodier's house in Hughes Street, landing the whole on an open allotment at tbe opposite side of the street. Yoeke's Peninsula Annual Races.—A meeting to inititate proceedings for holding the Yorke's Peninsula Annual Races on Easter Monday and Tuesday, 1882, was held at the Royal Exchange Hotel, Kudins, on Thursday evening last, about 20 gentleman were present who formed themselves into a committee. Mr 3\. Spinks was elected Secretary, and Mr T. Herbert Treasurer. It was intended to hold another meeting on Thursday next Februarys for the purpose of electing stew ards and other officer^ but in consequence of a ratepayers' meeting on the above night it was decided to postpone it till the next night, Friday, February 10. Subscription List foe Ptjbchasikg Seed Wheat Fob Distbessed Fabmebs.—At a Monthly Meeting of the Central Comcnitee of the South Australian Farmers' Mutual Association, held at Gladstone, on Saturday, January 1,1882, it was unanimously resolved, u That in view of the repeated failures of crops for the past three or four years, in m%ny parts of the colony, and the conse quent inability of many farmers to procure seed wheat for the coming season, the public be appealed to on their behalf for the purpose of establishing a fund for the purchase of seed wheat for those actually needing such relief. We have received one of the lists in question and shall be pleased to receive any amounts which generous friends may feel inclined to subscribe. Kadina Institute Bazaab A meeting of ladies convened by the Secretary was held in the Reading room on Monday afternoon to arrange for a Bazaar to aid funds for building the abput fifteen werp present ^pho seemed to take much interest in the cause. And after some discussion it was resolved .that another meeting be held on Wednesday afternpon to appoint officers, and make arrangments in connection with the stalls and the working days should be decided upon. It is proposed to open the Bazaar on 24th May. As per advertisement in* another column all ladies interested are invited lo attend the meeting this afeernoon, Maitlanq Items The weather - last Friday and Saturday was very warm. The want of rain here is felt very much, the water in tbe dams is sinking fast, a constant stream of tanks going and coming all day long from all directions- Another three weeks dry weather I am afraid will see them out. An opening entertainment given at the Wesleyaq Chapel by the "Foung Men's Chris tian Association on Wednesday last, H« Lamshed, Esq-, J.P., in the chair. Several recitations were given by Messrs Symons, Basfcian, Hill, F^ns and several others, and assisted by the Wesleyau choir. The atten dance was good ; the entertainment passed off remarkably well. The weather to-day is much cooler since yesterday, but no signs of rain yet. AjjyoyiKQ Pbactioai Joke.—On Monday night, while Mr Burt was conducting a sale of general mercbandise in Eland's Bonded Store, some one perpetrated a most disgrace ful practical joke by distributing some vile mixture amongst those assembled, creating a stench sufgeient to stifle a nightman. A number of women in the place were complete, ly upset, and eren those of the sterner eex made the shortest possible cut to obtain fiesh air. The result, besides subjecting those present to severe discomfort, was the means of breaking up the sale, which doubtless was i a considerable loss to the auctioneer, Yfe have ljttje sympathy with practical jokes of any kind. Some, however, may have a spice of fun abput them w^icb assists ip passing them off. Nothing qF the kind, however, could be claimed on account of the disagree able trick referred to, and little sympathy -would be felt for the perpetrator should he drop in for the punishment which his conduct deserves, Rah^tav Mishap.—Some inconvenience, was caused on Monday last through an accident which happened to the Snowtown train whilst on its way to Kadina. It had arrive^ near the hill beyond the 19 mile, when it was found neoessary to nee the blow-' off oock. Through some flaw, however, it was discovered that it could not he closed, and the result of course was that the whole of the steam &c.; was exhausted. The damage could not be repaired at the place, and there fore the fireqian was dispatched on a line repairer's, troljy with some men to Kadina, which place they'reached a baa fc eleven o'clock. A meseage was then sent to Wallaroo for the small shunting engine which wa? dispatched. Bat when it.?eached the place it was unequal to the task of taking in the whole train, con sequently, tbe loaded trucks and damaged engine were shunted into the nearest siding and the passenger carriage and break were brought on. Another engine in the mean time arrived from Wakef|eld. This left Kadini with the eetqrq train for Snowtown before 5 o'clock, and yesterday inorniag brought in the tnu&s; and engine. The latter was taken oa to Wakefield for repairs. Great praise is due to thoso in chftrgs of the trail) for the promptitude wliich they displayed in making the beet of a bad job. Balabxava Bible Christian Chcbch.—i The Bible Christians of this town celebrated the anniversary oftheir ebarch on Sunday jast, February 5, when the Bev. T. E. Keen of Moonta preached three excellent and im pressive sermons to large congregations. The public tea took place .oh the following day in ihe church at 5 o'clock p.m. It was largely attended j the good things so abundantly pro Tided and so tastefaly spread were given by the Mesdames XnowleB and Dellow, the tables being resided oyer by an efficient-staff of young ladies. At 7.30 the church was crowded to overflowing, with attentive listeners. The public meeting was under the presidency of John Knowles, Esq., who per formed the duties with mueh ability. The financial report was presented in a lucid manner by the secretary, Mr G. Grey. The spiritual report by the pastor, the "Rev. W. Richards, was well received. The Revs. T. B. Keen, E. C. Yeoman and G. Yarely addressed the meeting. The Choir which is a of high order richly merited what it repeatedly received—great applause. The financial results were considered very satisfactory. Special Coepobation Meeting-.— A special meeting of the Corporation was held on Tuesday evening to consider the reply received from the Commissioner of Public Works relative to the water supply. There were present the Mayor and all but Crs Ciiatfield and Oliphaut. It was unanimously resolved that the balance of water remaining in the two tanks be reserved for the human consumption of the town, and that no one be allowed to cart out of the town after this (Wednesday) evening. Water will be obtainable at the Government stand-pipe afterwards, and as it is not likely that those purchasing will care to use more than they can help at the increased price, the Corpor ation has decided to hslp as far as possible, end have cleaned the old wells on the beach, and opened two others south of the Great Britain mine, in which very good water has been obtained. - These wells will be available to the public free of cost, and doubtless they will prove a great boon to those^who have a large quantity of stock. Dams fob tee Pehutsuxa:—We learn that Mr Strawbridge, from the Surveyor General's office has been on the Peninsula for some days inspecting the most suitable sites for placing dams. A gang of men have been employed in sinking trial pits, and several admirable sites have been found, eo that there is every liklihood of better provision being made. It will be seen also by the District Council reports in another column that at Green's Plaine, Clinton, and Kalpara the local bodies intend to spend a large sum in enlargingand sinking reservoirs. Mr Fowler, of ^aroo, also made an excellent suggestion to the Green's Plains and Clinton Councils, which is to be acted upon,-—viz, to ask the Government to place a well-boring midline capable of testing a depth of 200 feet, under the control of each Council, so that any farmers who may so desire can have the use of the same for proving whether fresh water is procurable on their selections. If the request is responded to it will certainly be a step in the right direction. Extbaordinasy Feat.—Horsemanship is scarcely the correct term te apply to an extra ordinary performance reported by our Hun garian contemporary 3 deermanship would probably be the more appropriate word. The other day, while, a noble stag of ten was being hotly chased by the ElposzUismegyerer hounds—a subscription pack—one Karl Pqriis, a discharged hussar, managed to bring the the terrified animal to. a standstill in some close cover through which it was forcing It. way, and, by an almost superhuman effort of strength and agility, to vault upon his lack. After several desperate but unsuccess ful attemps to dislodge its rider from his seat, the stag, stimulated anew to flight by the cry of the fast approaching hounds, resumed its course,- but it soon broke down under the weight of its unaccustomed burden and gave up the ghost through sl^eer exhaustion and terror. Pflrfig—at least, so the story goes was found hy t£ie huntsman sitting on the 1 unwounded carcase of the stag, which he had literally ridden to death and resolutely! claimed as the just reward of an achievement unprecedented in the annals of the chase.— European Mail. WOBTHLESSiTESS 05 TeSHMOB'IAI.S.—The boss of q railway gang is often a veteran navvy who displays aptitude in the manage inant of men, and is „ot necessarily a person will! much education. Such a man is Cornish Jack, now in the full swing of authority on the Hawthorn and Lillydale railway works. Unto him came the other day two men seeking work. The first presented him with a„ elaborate testimonial of qualifications—filling a page of foolscap, and bearing the stature of more than one I member of Parliament. The overlooker took ' the letter, turned it upside down, got it right, and devoted ten minutes to laboriously spellmg it through to the last word, occasion all, looking at the mn ifc referred to, as if to ma^e 6u?e that be really could possess the qualities attributed to him. He then turned to She other man and enquired, « Have Tqq gofe-a letter, too.?' "I ain'fcgo.t no letter," growled the applicant. "Here, Bill," said the boss, « gire this 'ere ehap a shovel, and put himtowdik." And then, handing back the testimonial to its owner, sj*id " With a character l^ke thatUyow can get a billet anywhere;" but Cornish ~Jack gave him neither shovel nor work, nor, indeed, anything but $ prompt dismissal.— Secret op Fast Running.—'The New York Sportsman publishes a lengthy article under the heading—" Meyers's Secret Dis covered." Most of our readers know that Meyers is the great ruppef of America at present, and only lrst T^ar went over to England and surpassed every one who matched themselves against him. It appears that this wonderful pedestrian pnlikeall others, is very spare, »nd what is most wonderful has very little muscle. It appears, however, that his sole secret of success rests in the fact that in running he scarcely bends his knee, all the action being from the hip. Tims the whole length of the leg igtafeen advantage of and, aHh^gh the etep8 toay not fee so guick, a mach greater space i8 covered. Those who have witnessed the feats o,f trotting horses, will understand Ihe reason ableness of .this theory. The ahowy dasher with arched neck and quick and high action who appears to be "licking creation" ie often left behind by the old stager who goes along with his head straight out in front but whose legs are also thrown straight ont. It would be well for young athletics to study this. It may be tiriDg at SrBt bet common sense says that.,> is th? best way to run where speed is the object. Thb Ek&ubh; Copfeb Mamket. The London Mining Journal of December* 24 reports .—" During the past week there has been considerable steadiness in this market, prices having undergone hardly any change. Business, however, hag been fairly goofl, several transactions haring been recorded at the present advanced rates. As far as cad5 be judged from' the present appearance of'j&e; market, and from the various circumstances in connection with the trade, the market; is now in a far more satisfactory condition than what it has been at any time during the' current year. Prices are higher, and show an advancing tendency, and this not from speculation, but from the execution of a large bona fide business, as is clearly proved by the coatinnance of go«d deliveries. Hence statistics have from time to time shored a re . duced stock, whilsfcit. istliojaght not ueAikely but that the next statistic will agaia show a further reduction in spite of the holidays necessariiy interfering somewhat with the consumption. And this conclusion has not been arrived at without being backed with some important facte, which show the great pro bability of a reduced total visible stock at the eud of the year. Fir«t of all reference need only be made to the hi monthly returns which proye excellent deliveries for the fore part of the month, so that already there has been gocd start, which must bear an important influence upon the total statistics when issued. Again, manufacturers all round are said to be ve^y busy with the orders in hand, and will therefore, have need to continue buying the raw material, which of course will produce a favourable impression upon stocks. There may be two reasons to which prices not having further advanced this week may be ascribed— first and foremost on account of operators not b«ing disposed to* renew purchasing largely before the close of the year; and secondly, owing to some of the late buyers preferring now to sell and take their profits. It i«, however, worthy of note that this latter reason cannot be attributed to most holders. They prefer for the most part to keep to their stocks, as by so doing there appears a greater cbanoe of realizing increased profits later on, for the market is gradually and steadily assuming a much more favour able position, and the permanent establish- i ment of higher rates will doubtless be greatly supported by the present steadiness in prices." How to Gar Visitors out oe "eotjr Office.—Everyone who occupies an office and has anything to do has felt the annoyance of being pestered with individuals who come in merely to " yam," With such characters the ordinary means of giving people the bint to go is altogether inadequet. If you hand the intruder your only chair and stand yourself he merely thanks you, and may express the hope that he is not putting you about. Make the addition of taking out your watch and he will ask the time, and if informed that it is 10 o'clock, says he thought it was later, and forthwith draws out a pipe and asks if you have any " cut-up," and expresses the opinion that you ought to have another chair, but to meet the want invito : you to take a seat on your own office table, j One of the numerous class indicated took 8 j stroll into a business man's office in one ofj our Peninsula towns the other day. Th« j proprietor was busily engaged at accounts, j and as the visitor spoke at the outer door to ; know if there was anyone in, a voice in the distance answered in the affirmative, after which there wbb a low grumbling of discon tent. Notwithstanding this our ta'kative friend was received graciously, and shown to a chair m the only open spot close to the fire place. This was considered advantageous on account of the ventilating properties of chimneys. But in a few minutes our man of business made some bustle and emptied the waste paper basket in the fireplace, and as it had anything but a tidy appearance he set fire to it raising the naturally high temperature of the "visitor's corner" from 110° to about 140 °. The atmosphere was too tropical by far, but the individual who waB " burnt ont'' noticed while departing that " Everett's Philosophy—II Part,—Heat," was lying on the table. He is not clear as to whether Everett or the other party is to be credited \?ith the idea for making such good use of the contents of the waste basket. But he assures us that it is effectual* Bifie Match.—The second competition for the silver cup presented to the "Jfarke'e Peninsula No 1. Company by Dr James of Moonta, took place at the Moonta Range on Saturday February, 4. The weather was iqost unfavourable. During the first part of the afternoon there was a fierce hot wind blowing, and at about 5 o'clock the wind changed to the westward, bringing up clouds of dust which well nigh put an end to the firing. The result shows, however, that the shooting was much belter than that of the first com petition. J. Lord of Moouta was the winner ! on Saturday with the grand score . of. 91, being 16 points higher than the soore made j by the winner at the first competition. It will be seen" that there were six competitors on Saturday who exceeded the 76 made on the first occasion, At the conclusion Capfc Beare 'called for three cheers for Dr James, b The following are the scores :— f Name— 300yds 500 6QQ *00 Til I Priv. J. Lord 21 S3 21 26 91 Priv. Bows 23 17 21 23 83 Priv. Gtepp S3 20 22 15 £0 | Corp, Telfer 21 24 11 22 78 | Briv. Warn 17 24 20 16 77 j Lieut. Carson 20 25 IS 13 76 Priv. Hague 17 2g 14 13 66 Col Ser Bobjohns 16 22 7 Retired Priv. Bennett 14 19 11 Retired , Priv. Beaton 17 17 12 Retired ' Priv. Or. Lord 12 16 Retired Lady G-AHBHERS,—Gambling in grain is now very papular with the ladies of Chicago. Many of them conduct their operations openly ; but considerable trading. is, accord ing to the Chicago Times, stiU done for ladies who would not on any account have their, names known to the world. No.t a few of the brokers have " tickers"- in their houses, and p. coterie of ladies moving in the same circle form a speculative syndicate, meet daily at a house that is blessed with a " ticker's," watch the course of the market, and send their orders to some broker with whom they have established a credit. Others who live at hotels avail themselves in a similar manner of the information that i^ gleaned, from the tape of the hotel " ticker," and operate accordingly. Cfhe patrons of the " bucket shops/' or exchanges for the special benefit of women, are more miscellaneous; and all classes of women speculate at these establish ments; which are five in number. A goodly percentage of these speculators are tho wives, sisters, or relatives of members of the Board of Trade or of men employed about the Board in some capacity. They obtain " points" from their relations and work on them, or else act independently. They are given an allowance of pin-money with the tacit understanding that it is to be devoted to grain gambling. The women grain gamblers are, as a rule, " bullsthey all make money on an advancing market. They sometimes let their profits accumulate to a considerable amount; but the bucket-shop keepers «ay that their fair patrons invariably " dump" their profits and mora, too, o» adw&fjaji; market. „% . • ^ A Vbbi Tht£Bestik& oj3> Lady.—Ac cordmg<||f|»|ltori»lan contemporary, residesat taizif?in lke Impertinent of Sadne.et-Loire. Her ceitiSisatejpf birth proves, it is stud, the feet tkat/by- April 21 next yea* she wfli haro wwh^Lihe a*e of 116, haying been bora in spring of 1766. Tbia extraordinary, long'lliiir, |%)) ia inthe enjoyment of all her E(Oultiei,tii 'sD strong and hearty that the altfjoeVbide fair to last twice the tbiee-seora and-ten span of existence allotted mankind by the Psalmist; in fact, she herself expresses the conviction that' death must have overlook ed her. Her father, a tenant ofthe Marquise d* Argeilly.departed.this life.. in 1787y and, hi* daughter, then JustS3, years of age> being left jus sole heiress, became involved in a lawsuit with the Marquise. She ires married at 18, .pearly a century ago, her husband being l(ilVed by a German soldier during-the invasion of 1814, so that , she has been a widow for 67 years. During the Reign of Terror her family .did not entiroly escape the guillotine, one of her uneleB being beheaded for calling his dog Citoyen, and another meet ing with a similar fate for giving his pig® burley to eat at a moment when there was a scarcity of bread. This venerable matron, Mdrne Georges, is now living with two of her greaUgrand-daughters, £and makes plans for the future, it is said,-as though she were bat 40\. She rises with the dawn, retiring to rest^ soon after ..sunset; eats no animal food, asf^H drinks; nothing but water. When a few month's ago she was suffering from a severs oold some officious neighbour, thinking her end was near, kindly sent the doctor and parish priest to visit her. They were, how ever, quickly dismissed by the vivacious old lady, who expressed a hope that she would outlive.tbem both. Vegetarians and teeto tallers have in the oaBe of this long-liver an excellent opportunity for pointing the moral that their theories on diet and drink are con ductive to long life. The Cojuhssiokjeb of Public Wobks AUD THE "WATEB SUPPLY.—In DDSWer to a telegram sent from the Wallaroo Corporatioa to the Commissioner of Public Works oa Saturday last, Mr Ramsay intimates that arrangements will be made for supplying farmers and others adjacent to Wallaroo with Iwater from the Wallaroo reservoir at the same price as is now charged at Kadina. We give the Government credit for doing all they possibly can to supply water to those in need at the present time, but it seems most inconsistent that those who. undertake to bring water direct from the dam should be charged as much as persons who .have it pumped and oartecL six miles for them. Considering the coat of fitting appli ances &e.; there is little doubt the Govern ment is oat of pocket in sending water to Kudina, but there can be no question that to charge Is per hogsheed to far mere who are prepared to undertake all the labor themselves is an excessive charge. 3£ven at the prioe at present charged by the Corpor ation a farmer who comes from-a distance foe-, a load of waier, considering loss of time and all things cannot get it much under £2* and when this has to be repeated two or perhaps three times a week, it is pretty certain that it cannot last long. .In the. present distressed state of affairs among the farmers there should be . nothing in the way of profit look for from the supply of water so long as the precious article last*. It is too late to ciy over " spilt milk" new„ but it is evident that the wants of the farmen would have - been better served had the Government undertaken to supply water at the Wallaroo reservoir alone, at say, 6d, or, afr the outside 9dper cask. . The farmers would have gladly carted it rather than pay tb» additional amount charged at Xadina. which after ell,- it -is «aid, idoes not pay" the Govene ment. This is no matter of hearsay, for abundant proof has been given from the fact, that eo long as water was obtainable at the Wallaroo tanks there was little or no demand for the water carted to JSadina. It is to be hoped that more satisfactory arrangements will be made. [Since the above was written another ! telegram hasbeen eent to the Commissioner asking for a reduction on behalf of thoBe who, would undertake to cart the water, and poin ting out that unless this was done the Corporation would be compelled to retain the present supply for the human consumption ofthe town, and, further, asking if it was desired that the Corporation should take; charge of delivery. To this message the? following reply has been received. " Bail way authorities will undertake delivery of water at Wallaroo. Cannot reduce price, a» con sumption must be checked to prevent a famine. If water at Wallaroo runs short will supply from Moonta at same price.— J. U". JtAMBXr, p. P. w."j 