LOCAL-NEWS./ One of the principal attractions for visitors 1 tg-night will be the wonderful Ghost Illusions of Prpfessor Pepper at tbe Town hall* 8o far we have had to be satisfied with two illusions only each evening, but to-night the Profe«sor promises fomy and these include Bome of bis most, effective ones. Everyone can now have an ' opportunity 'ofc ' sayia* they have seen ' Pepper's Ghost, '-- that is if they avail them selves of the chance' offered. It is to bs sjbown ' for the last time as the Professor is due im mediately in'Gympie. The' entertainment is to 'be supplemented by 'A walk'through Londpn,' which at oncc recalls our boyhood, and Professor Pepper's 'Grand Oycloramic Olio,' with mechanical effects. Owing to the number of ehost illusions there will be no introductory science lecture. Particulars of the entertain ment arc fully enumerated in the advertise ment. We learn that a Cricket match will be played on the reserve at half -past one o'clock this after noon between the Oxford Club and the ? Shop* i keepers Assistants' Club. Tlie following is a I list of tho players chosen :—r Oxfords C. C. : ] Messrs. G\ B. Buelmell, A. Buslmcll, I. Bush noil, F. I. Bull, A. Finselbach, J. Challands, J. Mongom^ry, W. Maitland, W. Abrams,' J. De laney, and A..- Syver. Emorgcncics : J. Wil liams,-]), Woodrow, and A. Gaynor.' Assistants C. C. r J. feenna- (captain), J. S. Dickson, W* Beid, W.' Hegarty, L. Jarvell, J. Dixon, H. WilliamSj J. Sewell, J. Keith, E. HcfCcron, and C. Hellmuth. Emergencies : G. E. Brooks, H. Gibbsjrpnd M. Redden. We trust tlie game will bo as greatly enjoyed as tho Football contest yesterday. Gbeat interest was manifested in the Foot ball Match' which took place on tho Reserve yesterday afternoon, between a strong-looking team from drympic and a team chosen from tho local Emu Football Club. Crowds of spectators witnessed, the exciting event. Tho kick off was made a little before three o'clock. Just after the start the Gympic men strove vigorously to pass the ball along to their opponents1 goal, but tho ground boing very slippery owing to the recent rains many of the players displayed a peculiar affection for ' mother earth,' and the ball was gradually returned to the Gympic end. South'crden, however, was ' all there' defend- . ing his quarfcCM'bravely and turning the contest to mid-field for a considerable timo. SJiortly afterwards Sanson made eoveral good, runs for the visitors, when tlie sport became moro genoral, there being1 fioink capital up-and-down pSuy^uc ceedcd by excellent runs by Beames and^Ecker slcy for the* home team. Although Repeated pttocks -were mode by bothi teanv jit the re spective fortresses , neither - party , ffucceodod in lowering the onemics' colors. When half-time was palled the. game stood about cgual. After a short interval the ' Leathern sphere' was again set in motion, and all seemed to work with carnost ? determination, when Hobertsonsuccecdcd in ob taining a good mark near the visitors' goal but the attempt to score .proved futile. To coun terbalance this stroke Ranson with another of liis splendid runs landed the ball once more in the Maryborough territory and fortunately Kenna with equal agility camp to the rcscuo and 'iloetly carried ihe ball along. Bunny and Joseph next did good service for the visitors wliilst ^filler and^tnson defendod their goal several timc9 with groat spirit and force. Tho two Mungomcrys were also very useful for tho home team, whilst Goodwin, Groundwater and Pride -also took , t prominent ? parts several times. Amongst the visitors who shone conspicuously might' bo mentioned. Mcssrj. Ranson, Shanahan, Davidson, fBunny, Woodrow and Southcrdcn. ' Altogether the match was a very closely contested one. The visitors shewed considerable skill in long drop kicks and pretty fair staying powers: -To the credit of- 'our boys' be it said that tlioy played -up pluekily tlie greater part Of the timo and just before the close of the game Eckcrslcy had a long shot at the enemy's goal, tho effort however again proving fruitless. Tho gamo was. evidently enjoyed by the onlookers, the frequent scrim mages and 'spills' creating considerable amuso- mcnt. The match ended in a draw, no goal being scored by cither side. Notxceajii.e ! The investigation, wliich is f usual whon tradesmen take stock, causo3 many a business man to say this and that ought to , bayc.bcen sold j and ibo prevent having too much of that to say when tho Ist/August comes round ;R. Jones has already picked out a considerable : lot of dress materials, Jip^^iUinciy &c.;, which1 are priccd with a view to cloar tho same.— [Abvt.] 