last moment. An application was made this morning by Mr O'Korrell, solicitor, to bo al lowed to swear an information for perjury against his Grace Archbishop Gould, and for a summons or warrant ntraiust His Graeo for that offence. Tho allegation was based on cortain ovidonco in roccnt Equity proceeding. Tho application was not granted. As wo wont to press a fire was burning at Colleen Lodge, Prahrau. Kill particulars will be given in our Third Edition. Tho llounds mot yestorday at Brnybroolc about flevon miles from Melbourne. Tho day was beautifully tine, and about thirty hunts' men put inau appenrnnco, including aomoof our beat professionals and amateurs, a very fine looking deor was onlargod who ran cunning, howevor, shaping his course for the first threo miles alongside tho main road giving Ids followers n few good walls and high fences which woro taken without a fall. After about thirtyjoncca had been negotiated and about twelve mites of country traversed tho deor took to tho Saltwater rivor, and declined to gn any furthor. to tho no small chagrin of tho beat mounted, Tho Hport was thus speedily aud unexpectedly brought to a close. Yesterday aftirnoon Senior-constnblo Bergin, of the Sand ridgo Police, succeeded iu arrest- a mnii named Crawford nlias Brown, on a chnrgo of attempting to pass valueless cboquos. Accused has been wanted for some time past. Ho wna taken beforo tho local court tliia morn, ing, and remanded till Monday next, RTho Mibtletoo Hall, which eaiis for India, to- day takes over a hundrod horses, tlie'pick>f Victoria. Tho lot which »b consigned to Lord Hart,' constat of splendid draught marcs some of which came from Tasmania and bred |by Richard -Synnnoiis, Eaij. jSomo of thojaniinula cost L100, so tho shipment is a vnluablo one. Last night Miaa Pomcroy appeared as Hamlet before a crowded house at tho Ballnrat Academy of Music. Tho performance was received with unbounded applause, but the critics in the midst of tbei lavish phrases' 'use such qualifying abatements as "uneven," "inaccurate,1' and also speak of her manner in somo scenes as long drawn nut i«o«, "drawly," Mtas Alico Huorwyn mado a good Ophelia, but was a littlo alfoctod. Mr Hnlloway, os The Ghost, appcarod in the. chamber scone . "in his habit as ho lived," that is, not in armour, but in royal robe?, a very scusiblo innovation. Mr Elliott's Laertes, and Mr Vernon's Horatio, are very woll spoken oF. From the Kyneton Guardian wo learn that for a weok past the wcathor lias boon intensely cold, and on Wednesday night a fall of snow took place, though riot to any consider able ' extont. It lasted long enough on Thursday morning to afford . tho juvomlosl an opportunity of indulging in a game of snowballing, and thoy did not neglect tho opportunity. At Nowhnm aud Woodend tho fall of snow was much heavior and lasted for several days, covoriug tho ground to a depth of several, inchos. Mount Maccdon has not us yet got rid of its white coat. ,j Tho tempcraturo is now considerably milder, ami some pleasant days may be looked for. Mr Hugh M Adams, surgeons' artist aud mechanician, of Lonsdale streot oast, has just completed, for a lady patient of Dr Be.inoy's, an artificial leg of a novel description. Lately it beciimo necessary that tho lady in question should Iiavo bor log amputatod,und Dr Bonitoy snccessfully >ei formed the operation, taking the limb off from immediately, above the knee. The result was that with tho formation ol tho bono and tho flap tho stump proved to be oxnotly tho same length as tho thigh to tho end of tho kneo, when tho patient was in a sitting - posture.. , , This . fact : presented gravo ; difficulties in -tho coustruction' of an) artificial log, whioh .straogo as. it may seem would have been removed had tho amputation takou ptaco two or three inchos higher' up. Mr M'AdamB howovor has managed to overcomo this difficulty, 'and has produced what promises 'to boon effectivo artificial limb by.'means of which tho lady .will bo', ablo to walk ill n most natural manner. By meansVof a deep sockot 'the, with steel joints 'fixed at the propor spot, ' the' artificial kneo is mado at exactly tho right heightb. Springs are arranged at tho knee, and also on the foot, in Bucb an ingenious manner tlmt|tbo motions of the legaro spontaneus and moat natural. The patient will be able to sit down, riso up, walk and evon kneel with- out effort, and to all . appearances as if sho were possCHHod of hor natural limb. Another recommendation is that tho artificial leg weighs in all but four pounds. It is beauti fully .finished, and in spite of its lightness is most substantially constructed. Altogether it is a groat a'dvnnco upon any contrivanco of the sort , hithorto soon in Mel bourne, and is so regarded by DrBoaney and other surgconB who hnvo seen it. His Honor tho Obiof Justice willptoaido in, tho Juries of Twolvo'Oourt ut tho civil alt- tings of tho Supremo Court, which com mence on Tuesday. It has not yet boon arranged which of the judges shall take the Juries of Six cases. William Havy, aged 40 yoara, residing in Bridge Road, Richmond, was admitted to tho Molbourno Hospital to- day suffering from contusions sustained, by falling on a spike whilst walking on somo soaffolding oreotod; at the corner of Brunswick street and Victoria Farado. His Honor Mr Justice Williams will tako Chamber business in tho Supromo Court on . Monday, and ovory day until furthor notice, at half-past ten o'clock. Mr It. Howio'rt borao the Duleo has boon scratched for tho Melbourne Cup. Thelropulntion of Illinoisous for hard drink ing, nppoara to bo spreading. The House of Ileprei-eutntives "burst into a roar of laughtor' when Mr Cox.- pointing bis finger at Towns- hnid, of Illinoi", said "Whoever drinks the whiskey pays the tax, and thegeutloman from Illinois knows it." 