MR. BIXBY'S BATHING SUIT. BY MARY KYLE DALLAS. Mr. Bixby's bathing suit certainly was a very handsome bathing suit, and Mr. Bixby, boing a very handsome man, looked well in it. It sometimes occured to Mrs. Bixby that she would bo quito as well pleased if this, were not so, and if she did not ao often hear of - his fig uring in the crowd of bathers, who played tho mermaid at Splashtown beach, morning and afternoon. Mrs. Bixby was sura he was not so fond of ducking /ier under the waves. On those rare occasions when sho did 'go in,' ho allowed her to bob up and down, clutching at the rope for a while, and then asked her, very curtly, if she ' wasn't tired of it?' Sho generally was to tell the truth. Under such circumstances who would not have been ? Mr Bixby was oneof thosebeauty-menwho gen erally snub their female relatives, and keep their charms for society; but, besides this, he bore his wife a particular grudge : She was tho nieco of seven very old- aunts and uncles, all immensely rich, and all ' very fond of Matilda.' But perhaps they wero not as fond of Matilda's husband, for since their marriage six of them had died, without leav ing her a penny. With each demise Mr. Bixby grew less affectionate. ' He married me for my expectations, no doubt,' poor Matilda thought to herself, as she regarded in the mirror, a countenance that had no particularly fine features; and she, too, thought of the thousands that might have been hers, if she had married some one more agreeable to her family. She sat on the porch alone, this pleasant J uly day, after Mr. Bixby had gone gallantly away seaward, with tho little waterproof satchel in whioh he carried his bathing-suit, and Turkish towels, and thought of many things, and fell into such a deep brown study, that when some one addressed her with : ' Your letters, Mrs. Bixby,' she started, and gave a little cry. ? ' Did I frighten you ?' said the voico of a fellow- boarder. 'I didn't know you were nervous., I am dreadfully, but you are al ways so composed. It is only to give you your letters. I brought them from the office.' ' Thank you,' said Mrs. Bixby. ' I think I musthave been asleep,' and as the other lady passed on, she turned the missives over in her lap. There were five of them ; one, a letter with a black seal, Mrs. Bixby tore it open. It was as she had expected. Her Uncle Jedediali, aged ninety, was dead. That was sad. Mrs. Bixby took out her handkerohief, and read on. ? Her uncle had loft all his money to the Asylum for Attorneys' Orphans. This was sadder still. The handkerchief was wet in an instant, and as her tears foil, Mr. Bix by's voice fell on her oar. '? I've oomo back, Tilly. I promised to wait for some one who is going to the beach. . You have letters?' Mrs. Bixby wiped her eyes, and gave him thoso with his name upon their envelopes. He simply held them, staring at the black edged paper in her hand. 'How you like to torment me, Tillv,' he aaid at last, ' what news have you?' I ' Uncle is dead,' she answered. 'Well?' . ' He has left his money to a charity,' sob bed Mrs. Bixby. Mr. Bixby muttered an oath, and marched away. In the hall of the hotel a lady of fascina ting air, and little pencilled lines under her handsome eyes, met him — probably by acci dent. The two went toward tho beach to gether, talking earnestly. ' Certainly, be married mo for my expec tations,' said Mrs. Bixby, and wont to her room to weep with more freedom. Sho did not ovon go down to dinner that ovoning, and Mr. Bixby did not oomo up* to ask why. About midnight thero was consternation in the hotel. Mrs. Bixby was making inquiries about Mr. Bixby, and tho last Been of him was in the water, Yarioug persons knew of his entering it in his handsome bathing dross. Nobody had seen him como out.. Thero was great excitement with tho coming dawn. Various young ladies reported him as ' swim ming beautifully' at five o'clock. He had tried to teach ono to swim, It was ovident that ho was drowned, Mrs. Bixby was going from one room into another upstairs, and oallinc on her dear, darUnc, lovely Augustus, to forgive hey her coldness. Sympathetic ladies filled tho room, doctors wero cfilled'in, and reporters wqro jotting down paragraphs, ' Meanwhile another letter, with a black seal, addressed to Mrs. Bixby, arrived at tl\e hotel. Wlien sho was ab.lo to read it, alio did so, It was from her lawyers. A later will of her Undo Jedediah's 'had heen discovered. He had taken a dislike tct one of thp trustees of the ' Attorney^' Qrp.hatia,' and had loft all his fortune to his ' dear nieco, Matilda Bix- i by.'. I ' If poor Augustus had but lived to share 1 it,' sobbed the widow. . ? j But, after all, it was a consolation. . i She remained at the hotel all winter, visited i by gravo legal gentlemen, and wearing the deepest weeds. In Spring she bought a cot- i tage near the beach, furnished it luxuriously i and became a regular summer resident. Wealthy, flattered, courted, she became quite handsome. Attentions were showered upon her. Serious offers were made for her hand. At length Jenkins, the reporter, mentioned, in a long-winded paragraph, tho facts of her 'Romantic History;' how her fortune had been loft her when she was plunged in agonie-s of grief, how much her ' residence ' was worth, and what her erapo cost a yard. And ono suitor, morp persistent than the others, wound himself about her heart. She had determined to remain a widow, but she was very lonely. She had vowed to marry no handsome man. This man whom she preferred was not- handsome; ho had ono crossed eye and a club foot ; but Matilda be lieved that she should bo perfectly happy with him. Her mourning faded into lilac silk and vio lets, white tulle and pansics. And one day she walked upon the beach, slowly making up her mind as to tho form in which her accept ance of a written offer, which she had re-, ceived, should bo couched, when, looking out upon tho sea, her eyes met an object which petrified her with amazement. It was simply a swimmer, who, having gained a spot where the water was only up to hiB waist, was advancing toward her; but the surprising point in this otherwise very ordi nary object was that it woro Mr. Bixby's bath ing costume. His wife knew it too well to be mistaken. Had she not embroidered that pattern on tho collar herself? Was not that braid made to order? Were not the buttons some which had descended from the past? Real gold buttonB — too good, Mrs. Bixby had over and over again averred, for a bathing suit. The widow turned faint as she gazed, for not only did she know, the dress, but the handsome head above it. She knew that it was Mr. Bixby's ghost. Her limbs failed her. She sat down on the sand, and hid her face in her trembling hands. But now a splashing sound of feet treading the damp beach roused her. She looked up. The spectre stood beside her, looking very solid, indeed, for a ghost, and it spoke, and said : 'Don't be frightened, Tilly, dear. I am not an apparition. I am your own Augus tus. Look up, love. Look up.' And fell exhausted — or so it seemed to Matil'da — at her side. Matilda shrieked, clasped him iu hor arms, wet as he was ; 'sobbed that the joy of that moment would be too much for her, and never thought for a moment of marvelling how a gentleman who had disappeared in the sea should walk out of it alive and unharmed a year afterward. But Mr. Bixby explained, nevertheless. He lm'tl swam out too far, and been pioked up by a boat attached to a whaling vessel — the Sea Gull, Captain Brown — lie was careful to ex plain ; had been ill and delirious for weeks, and only recovered to find the ship driving before a fearful gale, which wreaked her in mid- ocean. With' seven others he took to a raft, and was cast on a deserted island, where he had since lived tn his bathing suit, subsist ing on shell- fish and berries. And how at last, knowing himself to be a good swimmer, he had resolved to make a bold stroke for lifo. ? ' And here I am,' added Mr. Bixby. Poor Matilda, crediting every Word of his abominable falsehood, again embraced him. . ' ' And what must have been your struggles, my poor wife ?' sighed the the husband. ' Then Matilda astonished him by an ac count of her legacy, and conducted him home, to the amazement of every one who met them — joy in her eyes and in her poor, honest heart. Left alone in liis apartment while the faith ful wife prepared beef tea and other restora tives, for the individual she had recently been in the habit of alluding to as 'her sainted husband,' Mr. Bixby indulged in astonishing fits of silent laughter, and several- times re peated to himself : 'Hang it! was there ever such a fool as Tilly?'' and a tramp who wandered on the shore was at the same time overjoyed by the' discovery of a rather seedy suit of clothes, in the pockets of which, besides several reproach ful pink notes, signed Rosalie, he found a Chicago newspaper in which the enterprising reporter 8 account of Mrs. Bixby's ' romantic history,' her good fortune, and her seaside mansion had been faithfully copied. However, Mrs. Bixby, having a good deal in her power, was not as often snubbed in the future as she had been in tho past. Her hus band no longer flirted in her presence, and- she considers herself an exceedingly happy wo man, and is very fond of repeating the story of Mr. Bixby's adventures, which she has no doubt tho whole world believes as thoroughly as she does. 