A LADY BURIED TWICE AND FINALLY BROUGHT TO LIFE. A woman 111 bnicarto, Mason count', 111., to all appearanco, died. But a fow weeks prov.ious to .this she had givon birth to a child, and was apparently well, with from the effects of which she had m-own quite weak ; so much so that her husband thought it was necessary to call in a physician, but she objected, insisting upon waiting a few days longer, thinking she could manage the .'affection without the aid of a physician. She soon after wards very suddenly sank away, and to all appearances gave up the ghost. Tho body was kept till the noxt day, about two p.m., when it was enclosed in a coffin and taken to the graveyard, followed by a great many mournful friends. In laying her out her arms wore tied to gether above tho elbows with a strip of cloth, so that her hands would retain a natural position across her breast. At (lie grave sonio of her friends wished to view her remains and the coffin was opened that they might do so. O11 removing tho lid over tho glass tlioy could not seo through the moisture 011 it, and it was then seen that one of her hands had been torn loose from tho band and was lying by her side, and her arms were as limber as of 0110 alive. Tlie circumstances bore upon the minds of several present, but still tlioy could not entortain any notion but that she was dead. Hor hands were again placed in position across her breast and re-tied with tho sanio strip of cloth, and she was buried. After returning to their homes several of the partios who had noticed tho singular appearance of tho \- corpso commenced to talk it ovor, and tlioy soon raised a doubt in their minds that she'; was not dead. About five o'clock tlio same evening several wont to jho grave and took tho body up. Oh opening tlio coffin tlioy found fresh moisture 011 tho glass of tlio coffin lid, and hor hands woro again broken from tho strip uf cloth that bound thorn, and tlioy were both lying by her side, and instead of her limbs being in the least rigid, they and her lingers wore flexible. Notwithstanding all this, they could not convince themselves but she was dead, and she was ro-buriod. The matter was generally discussed in. tho neighborhood, and by the following Sun day the uxcitemont had grown so intense that it was decided to l'e-exhuine her tho following day. The next day, Monday, after she had slept beneath tho sod for four days and nights, she was again ro- Bui'reeted and taken to hor home, where she has boon slowly but gradually improv ing. Her friends entortain tho strongest hopes of her recovery, which, if she does, will be a romarkablo occurrence, long to bo remembered by tho people of Sni- carto. The way in which this afliiir' wns managed was, to say tho least, very singular. 