DEATH OF TWO EMINENT , COLONISTS. A Sydney telegram received on Monday announced the decease of the Hon. "William Korster, M L A. , and the Hon. Sir William ; Alaearthur, two eminent colonists and, members "of the Legislature of New South Wales. Mr. Forster was 46 years of age, and his death was very sudden and quite unexpected"; but Sir William, who had nearly attained his 82nd year," had been ailing for some time past, and his demise did not occa sion mucli surprise. The following brief | biographies of the departed gentlemen are j from the "Australian Dictionary of Dates"j '• Hon. Willinm Forstcr was born at Madras ; in 181S, came to Australia when lie was about, eleven years of ago.. Like, many of the publicJ men 'of this colooy, lie was a pupil of 'W. T. ' Cape. At an early age,he entered into squat ting! pursuits. Whilst so occupied lie did not neglect literature. About the time that'Mr. Bobcrtson was acting as the delegate of the squatters, and appealing to the Governor for redress, Mr. Foster wrote a satire having the same end' in view, which ho publishcd.in the Atlas newspaper under the title of XheDevil' and the Governor." In this piece he displayed his power of using stinging words. Mr. Forater also wrote a satire entitled " The Genius and the Ghost"—a dialogue between: the genius of Sydney and the ghost of trans portation. During the Crimean war lie wrote a sonnet in more solemn strain, on national grandeur and decay.' But his genius for satire has been more allied with the logic and elo quence of public orat ions than with the art of versification, m winch ho has shown that ho can Cxccl. Shortly after tlio introduction of j responsible government,Mr. Forsler made him | self known 10 the people of this country as a leader in parliamentary conflicts At different ; times h'e represented hast Sydney, St. Leonards, I the Hastings, Queanbeyan, Iilawarra, and I Murriimbidgce. From the lime of his entering Parliament Sir. Forsicr was a keen critic of the Cowper administration. Agreeing with | that administration in political principles, lie j was ever on the alert to detect inconsistency 1 in their practices. .When the Education ques tion came on, the denominational tendencies of Mr. Cowper a scheme offered an opportunity for attack. That Government was defeated, and Mr. Forster was entrusted with the work of forming a Ministry. Ho associated with himself Mr. John Black (as Minister for Lands), Mr. Saul Samuel (as Treasurer), Mr. G. Eager (as Minister for Work's), Mr. E. Wieo (afterwards Judge of the Supreme Court, as Attorney- General), and Mr. J. F. Hargravc (now Mr. Justice Hargravc, as Solicitor General). This Ministry was defeated on their -Upper House .Electoral Bill, and retired in March, 18G0. .Mr. Forstcr lias not since that time been at the head of an administration, although the opport unity of taking that posi tion was offered to him in May, 1872, when the Martin Ministry was defeated on the Border Duties question- He'was Colonial Secretary in Mr. Martin's first Ministry, and Secretary for Lands in Mr. h'obcrtson's second Ministry. From February 0, 1875, to February 7, 1S7(5, he was Colonial Treasurer in the Bobcrtsou Ministry, and on that dato was appointed A gc»l:Ucncral for the colony of NewSouth Wales resident in London. Mr. Forstcr'a talents hare been chiefly displayed ih! opposition. In the strength and culture of hi* logical powers he was foremost in Parliament, efince his resi dence in England ho has published two or three poetical works, notablyc Tho Weirwolf,'— a tragedy." Mr. Korstor, on being superseded cti the office of Agonl-Gciicral by the Hon. Saul Samuel, who was appointed by the present Government, returned to the colony, and re-entered Parlia ment as member for Gundagai, which constitu ency lie continued to represent up to the time of his death* ■ Hon. Sir William Maearthur, ICnt j M.L.C., \ras bora at Pilrrmnutln in December, 1800* In 1S09 he and his brother James were taken by their father to England for their education. They returned in 1817. Mr. Macaithur was elected to the Legislative Council from 18-19 to 1855, but has principally devoted,himself to agricultural pursuits, and has talccn little part in polities. In 1854 lid wad appointed a Coin missioher to represent the colony at the Pufis Exhibition of the following year. Attlic close of the Exhibition lie received the honour of knighthood and the decoration of the Legion of Honour. Sir William returned to the 'c »lony in'Novcmbcr, 1857. In 1861 ho exerted himself in collecting for the London Exhibition of 3 802, and proceeded to England, but de clined the appointment of Assistant'Commis sioner. He roturnod to the colony in March, I 1864, and was appointed to a seat in the Lcgie-. lative'Council;" ' : I 