RELIGIOUS SERVICES. ST. KILIAX'S CHURCH. At vespers on Sunday evening, the Rev. Father M'Gillicuddy, of Echuca, preached-an excellent sermon on the second coming of Christ. The object of the rev. gentleman's visit to Sand hurst was to appeal to the charitably disposed to enable him to reduce the heavy debt with which the mission in Echuca is burdened. There was a large congregation. The preacher after traver sing the gospel referring to the second coming of Christ, impressed upon his auditory the ,-ne cessity for being in a state of preparedness- on the last day. When that day came the pun would darken and the moon pale, and the siara shed forth no light. The works of ages would crumble away to dust, and the reprobate and the godly would stand before God. TJ e preacjier spoke of the terror which overcame the felon who was placed before a judge for trausgressiou against the laws of the land; tiie eager.glance with which he surveyed the judge's countenance to strike a sympathetic chord. That terror yas nothing to the consternation which would over come the sinner when in the presence of his God, It. was then that the sins which the sinner Jiacl not disclosed in hi3 penitence would appear,- to him as in a mirror, and the good with the bad would be placed in balance, the elect to rqign for eternity with God and his angels, uiul the reprobate to be c;ist into the dungoons of the devil. : The preacher exhorted his con gregation to guard against sin which presented itself both from within and without. Man's duration on earth was the time for him to "re pent for his transgressions against his .Redeemer, When the supplicating sinuer stood beforoihis God on the last day with a plea for mercy, -the Loril.would.pomt out that .while the siuner was on earth the Lord's Vvord wa3 conveyed to i'-m through his rcpresentativeaon earth, the priest hood ; the sinner would be reminded that he permitted the word of God to fall flat on .his ear. Now was the time to show alle gance to the holy word of God. The preacher also referred to want of earnestness in church-goers, those who attended church as a matter of form and not- to listen to the: word of God. The mere attendance in church .did not conform with the religious observances re quired of christians. The preacher concluded an earnest sermon by calling on his congrega tion to accept of the word of God, and to be in a fit state to stand before him on his second coming. ; GOLDEN-SQUARE WESLEYAN SABBATH SCHOOL. The twenty-riintli anniversary of the above school was celebrated on Sunday and Monday. At each service on Sunday there was a largo attendance. The Rev. A. Powell preached in the morning, tlw Rev. J. H. Ingham in the afternoon, and the Rev. R. C. Fioekharfc intho evening. The children of the school Wcro ranged in a gallery at the head of the church, and sang a number of hymns at the thieo services. In the evening the Rev. R. G. F16ek hart preached from the 14Sth Psalm, 12th and 13th verses. " Both young men and maidens, aid men and children; let them praise the namo !>f the Lord; for His name alone is excellent; His glory is above the earth and heaven." The preacher eaicl that joy and gladness were the leading features of religion. All nature, animate and inanimate, illustrate the bounty of God. We feel overawed as we stand and gaze at his mighty works, the mountain streams, the sea, and the ocean, the sun, the moon, and all living creatures, and also feel the force and beauty of the poet's language descriptive of these wonders. But the institutions of the Gospel were beyond the institutions of nature. They bear the imprint of the hand and mind divine, and of all these religions institutions the Sabbath school is one of the foremost. The'risu of the Sabbath schools was at first gradual, but then, like a blast, they grew up and spread over the face. of the civilized world. Never would we be able to estimate the full value of the Sabbath schools until the judgment day, when wo would learn of the millions who had been converted to God's holy religion by tlio influence at- work moulding the purest and noblest of characters, or of parents converted through the agency • of their children. After referring to the British and Foreign Bible Society, and the Religious Tract Society, ho urged upon the children to render praise to the Lord by devoting their useful lives to his cause, and thus grow up into men and women of God. A tea and public meeting was held on Hon [lay evening. About 500 persons sat down to tea, which, was presided over by the ladies. After the tea a public meeting was held in the church. The Rev. Mr. F!ockliar£ being imablo to attend, the Rev. Mr. Ussher presided. The Revs. Messrs. Ingham and Powell were also present. The financial statement was read by Mr. Alderson, and showed a credit balance of a, few pounds. The secretary, Mr. Crump, read the 20th annual report, which\showed that tho year had been very prosperous. He desired to thank Mr. Armstrong for the efficient manner in which he had led the choir, also Mr. Emery for Ilia kindness in erecting and removing platforms on different occasions. The Rev. Mr. Powell then addressed the meeting, and spoke at length to parents about the manner in which they should train tho young. He said that if children arc well tiained wlien they are young, they would adhere to it in future years, and pointed out as an example to the great czie exercised by tho Jews in bringing up their fhildrcn. The Rev. Mr. Ussher then made a few reoiarks, and 3poke of the urgent necessity of an organ for the Sunday school, and he hoped the collection would for that reason be agood one. After the collection, the Rev. Mr. Ingham spoke to the children, ami referred to the Rev. Mr. Powell's remarks. Tho Chairman then called upon Mr. Ralph to thank all who had assisted that evening. He thanked the people present for their patronage, tho preaelicrs who had officiated on Sunday, the organist, Mr. Armstrong, Mr. Emery, and tho ladies, Tho Chairman before the proceedings closed announced that five guineas had been donated towards the organ fund by Mrs. Murlcy, but that this meeting was not quite so successful financially as last year, there being a deficiency of i."4. Mr. Armstrong led tho choir, and Mr. A llingham presided at the organ. \YESLliYANT CHURCH, FOREST-STREET. The Rev. P. R. C. Ussher preauhed on Sunday evening, hut owing to the unpropitious weather the congregation was not so large as usual. Tiie preacher selected as his text Luke; third chapter, lGth verse—"The baptism by fire." The tiro from God does nothing to a person but bless him. Christ the Saviour dispensed this spiritual fire.' If it fell on the heart of a person it would transform his life, and give him the bold ness of Petor, the love of John, and the physical strength of Paul. The people should be like a torch, and keep burning whilst the dangerous work is- being done. To spread this fire, one person should receive tho Holy Ghost or tho firu of Ood, which was syuonomous, and then endeavor to get others to receive the same fire. The fire was nothing else but the powcr,of God, and everyone should pray for that tiro. • God was a consuming fire. There is no refuge but in the Lord Jesus Christ. He will be a protector; and, while protecting them, ho would give them the blessed fire of heaven. The preacher trusted Iiis congregation would pray for that heavenly fire. CONGREGATIONAL CHURCH. The Rev*. T. James, of Melbourne, officiated morning and' evening. In the morning ho chose for his textdl Chronicles, c. xv, v. 17— " Nevertheless the heart of Asa was perfect all his days." After his introductory remarks the rev. gentleman spoke at length of the selfish ness of man and his disobedience to God. Ho said that selfishness transferred itself to tho higher spirit of man, and that the way to guard against this is by bringing ourselves against the power of evil in the world. He then referred to tho striking difference between biography of saints written by men to those written by tho spirit of God, which are to be found in tho Bible. The former was partial and made readers feel that it was impossible for them to live as was represented, but the latter gives a true account of tiie dark as well as tho bright side of their lives and characters. It could not I>e said that any man had no faults, but the way to judge was characteristically and nut incidentally. The word "perfect" in tho text did not mean absolute perfection, but a life long desire to attain the perfect will of God. 