Novelist. MR. MONTFORD'S ROOM. BY WAIF WANDER (W. W.). andhat B ongarra S'taioi wb verin th ary relating it. The'd eiglht9,o dl unie d .wolln wth 'toe toner, Cn?plp?odwevllr bs clound him v jolly agear orbl vidn lyto s'e, world, and .wo arrangoe a?,'onco.tht] he thathould I mayco ipan t y in roord inspci "I 'own to you taieto C1onese fiu y tdo geterid of the plaond, when' id as, durih thao "ftrnoongrra Station 'oan tday'o:t .1tionwo" we ownero Clttionel?Boidwell. I found himt a jol geeablo n: rian of the should accopany, meo ons a oaoit df inspco tin toe prcperty., ` "I h eoUe to ?? thea~l 'oith d ib u glad tod' got"rid of the plaoe,? he idt?o duringrra the 'afternoon of nrthe e ' livdayed theof o jorny, wtdl wore getting tea If YOu ndarra.the "ImLo my vogoto tioll wheon I: titere ist You ace orof i lounmey aotry ito is, angd Ir 'tdo blrop'eriy ly noni onn that it should alerad ter shelter and saosistence during her '. Row atrango l" I observed. ' Oh, ohe'v some o avourito old slorvang I uppose and e a quer old sol, but I XtSger ivund her th? leant trouble." ' "But, awcolyMr. r ontiord might have Orovifed tof the old woman lthoufnd t heking y:'er on tothe este ?" I said, "'Voll,yes,it doEs sem aodd.. edidn't mind, as I hforge sid but it the old reature r e suorea of wito meanule ol ungarra, to muga Sthry ahpnd byhel'ar old somanehow." "Awas onohalnod with Bogarr and all its .broad and megnificent loew el whichmwas affordod from nearly every window olfthe hone; And the unusual swiyle of the said Sopea ormed not the least ol its attrationld e; it ai alo un provided anythig I had con Sain room aLlloitted to. hc during th . TLO building la on the slope of a grand Saondws or blue-ston-and one storyobserved Oh, Already scarcely a eton was visible, Sppa ethick screen o r onglish ly twa I oter fouri nd ar ounds it and up to Oulng onto th staie " I said h ndow "Wi small, , t and wsore odd.f I di-dn'td trldy-hiolo arhs and thl die nehw." as wnoe heailto pillogaredra and alle its daswore heavily pitlorod, tilld even in broaddaylight onlylheld as much light as thatafforded by a thick forest. " Fortunately' the sitting rooms face the part of the house a stranger might set down as the back, or there would be no light at all In the place," the colonel said, as we 'alighted from the vehicle, and introduced me to.the capable- looking man lt'Leod, who was manager of the estate. ",I'Leod will show you over the place, for, to tell 'you the truth, I know very little more of it than my own three rooms and the stables. You will find it an oddly-i planned house." It was an oddly-planned house, yet one built, I could quoto believe, with the one 'view of suiting it to the rquirements of the climate. It was built in the shape of the letter E, with the wihg of the house that corresponded with the bottom of the E lying right against -the hill. In the centre of the squatre formed by the three angles of the building, a fountain, sup. plied, as bI'Leod told me, by the drainage from the hill, scattered its radiating spray refreshingly in the sun, and the stone portico, that completed the letter-resem blance, as it were, was covered with a climbing rose-tree, heavy with blossome. I need not, however, delay my story by any unnecessary desoription of Bnugarra. I Inspected it closely, approved of, and bought the,property. I saw the ld woman anuom branee, and pitied her trembling hand and white, worn face, quite enough to. put any idea of her being in the way out of my head, but that she was quite unaware that the property had changed hands until I went to live en itI discovered within an hour of my arivasl. 'I had taken up my own man, one I had brought from England with me, and as soon aseM'Leod, who had been making some .arrangements with me, had gone oat, Linton told me that the old woman was very anxious to speak to me. "She's in an awful to-do about something, sir," he added. "I think I never saw a woman's face so white in my lie." My permission nshered her into the room 'almost instantly, and as she stood-by the' door, hesitatingly holding it in her hand,'I had an opportunity of noticing heragitation as extrome. She was so thin and Irail-look ing, too, and her deep blaok' dress so eugges live oftrouble and death, that I felt for the poor old creature, and rose to place her a -hair? ?' S" it down, Mrs. Tone. If you have any thing to sy to me, you' can sasy 'it more.at your ease thus." " She sat down and lifted her dim eyes to my-faco as she nervously fingered the corners of her blaok apron. It seemed to me as if -he were anxiousely scanning and, trying to read-my haaracter in my face. " I didn't know that Colonel Ardwell had esod Bangarra nutil to-day, sir," she began, "and I'm anxious about it." " Oh, you may set your mind at rest," I hastened to answer. "I am qnite aware of the lie claim you have on the property, that will be alt right." S- "oBut the closed room, sir ? Did the Colonel tell you about that t" SThe question was so anxiousely put, and suoh a strange one, that I looked hard into the woman's faoe as I returned. "The closed room? what closed room ?" "I'!The room where Mr. Montford. died," -baeh replied, in a low vooes, as her eyes fell to the floor, and her lips trembled. " Oh, I remember now I Colonel Ardwell 'did say something about a room being shut 'up at the back-something about an absurd talk' of it being haunted, wasn't it? But the colonel never visited it, did heo " -"No, sir, no foot has crossed the three hold since the moeter died, and he wouldn't rest in his grave if any foot did." " My good woman,". I eanid, with a firm noes that I -have -no doubt gave her' some- insight inte my determination of character,' "if there is one thing more utterly 'abominable and disgusting- to me than another it is 'superstitions nonsensE of any -sort. I will take care there are no ghostseabout this house while I am its' owner. !Which of those keys is that: of this: haunted. room?"-and -Ilaid the bunch of keys on the table before her. She pointed to one, rusted and discoloured. ' " That is 'it: bhut for God's sake, sir, be warned, for there is-no luck in crossing the-wishes of the dead." "' " When the wishes of the :dead interfere with the comfort of the living, they shall not be considered at Bungarra,,' I replied; "Mr."Moutford's wishes as to yourselfhoe has 'miko, lawful and binding on good parchment, but there, is no mention ,of ai reserved room." "'He had not. tisoe or he would' havo done it,",she murmiurod.' "' No time P" "No? air, I don't tthi?k thiat Colonel Ardwell oever know'how.Mr. Montford died, for he never tried to desecrate the room he cut off from 'the living, by his expressed dying wishes, but as you sir, are determined ,to letlight into:'a. spot' daylight should never penetrate, I tell you that. Mr.iMont ford was murdered in that chamber." SAs she.epoke,.the old woman rose and curtaled to -me, and +then went out of the door with a tottering stop, yet without another word. I -Iwas angry, and- my curiosity. was excited. :I put out my hand, and touched the bell for my man. ,''Linton," I eiia, when he alpenaed,' "there's, a room in this house, that:has beon shut up for years it seems-I want to visit it-do you know in what part of the building itlis P?' ?., "I can Iguess, sir, for I was wendering at the state of a door at the trnd of the hill wing, as Mr. M1'Leod callsait., It does not seem to haveys bhoeiopcnd or' dusted for agos, and the cobwebs are in every corner of it." ', "Here's the keyeof it. I am going! to visit that room." As we passed along the ball that ran right through the building, and round its every wing, I looked,but saw nothing of Mra. Tone. I thought, perhaps, she might wish to look once more into the room that evidently held a deep interest for her-but it was not so, Somehow or other, as I fol lowed Linton along the dim passago that led to the closed room, I felt for the first time in my life some idea of the sensations encountered by the suporstitious when they approach the dread scene of a murder or a tragedy. The door was the very last in the corri dor, and as Linton, with some difficulty, turned the rnsty key in the look and opened the door, nothing was visible but a darkness woederful to exist in the broad light of day, The one window opened into the quadrangle formed by the arms of the building, but it was so overgrown by the interlaced ivy that the few rays it admitted were easily caught by the closed venetian blind inside. Linton at once drew up the blind and opened the window, whilo I eagerly waited to 0so what appearanc was presented by thia chamber of death. It was a tolorably largo room, furnishod with every convonience as the bedchamber of a gentleman accustomed to be sur rounded with the luxuries as well so the comforts of life, The large half- tester bed was hung and draped with a handsome eretonne, the coech at the foot of the bed, and the easy charl by the firoplaoe, were covered with the. same. A. large mirror occupied a prominent place on,the. carved toilet-table, on which yet. remained the combs, brushes, and other toilet requisites, probably as the last owner had leitt them, and directly opposite the bed ,and toilet were the double doors of a large closet, in which still hung many garments that gave out a damp, mildewed smell as the doors were opened. The strangest thing of all was, however, the fact that from one side of the floor, close to the bed, the rich carpet was tossed back, and the boards, whereon were great, dark stains, lay quite exposed. I use the word tossed advisedly, for the carpet was not folded back, but lay,as if it had been thrown back by a strong and hurried hand. My man raised his eyes from contemplating these dark stains, and meeting mine said, seriously : "This must be the room where Mr. Montford was murdered, sir." "Oh, you've heard that story, thenP" I asked. " Yes, sir; the waiter at the hotel where we baited told me, and seemed to wonder that I did not already know." "AhI and ,he doubtless hinted ia lttleo about a ghost, and all that sort of thing, oh p~ "Well, yes, sir; he did say. that this room was said to be haunted." "Exactly -so. Now, Linton, you :have known 'me long enough to believe that I won't have any such nonsensical tales about a place that has become my property. 'I don't believe in ghosts of any, shape or form, and, to settle the matter, I shall take this room as a sleeping-.chamber for myself. Soo that it is put in order; have a good fire made; throw open: the door and window ; have that ivy pruned:that keeps out air and light, and to-night l'lij see what sort of ghosts haunt Bungarra." "All right, sir." I was going away, leaving.the, arrange ment entirely to Linton, whena curiosity' that I' felt growing on me urged me to ask a question "By-the-way, did you 'hear any par. tioulars of this murder, Linton P' "I suspect the : man told me. all he knew himself, elr. It seems Mr. Montford 'was a very odd character, and was ;known to 'keep all his money under his owi hand. One morning when this old woman, Mrs. Tone, came to bring his hdt water as usual, she found him lying' there on 'the floor in his own blood; and so badly wounded that, although he lived for two days, he searcely' spoke, save:to.tho:larwyer that made Ins will. ''Irs. Tone 'and her son were with him when he died, and no one else." "Her son ? where is hes now ?" "I:don't know, sir. ,The old woman must have been very fond of her master, for .they say,she:has. never held up her head since, snd has aged a good twenty years since he -died." I went away to the sitting-room, and seat down to try and puzzle a meaning out of the strange story I had heard in connestion with the old woman's name. That some mystery serrounded both her and the memory of her late master, I was certain, yet I was, some what uneasy as to the efltel my decision to sonupy the room myself migut have upon her, so I determined to communicate it myself, and see if any expression she might let fall would be any guide to me. It weas a lovely afternoon, shoe sun as it drooped to the west falling fully on the play ing waters oflthe fountain in .he. centre of what I may term the court-yard, formed by, the angles ot the building. I went oat, and, standing in the porob, looked toward the roonm w.,e:o my valet was busy, it was onmy right, at the extreme end of tho.wieg of thl house, as I have already stated, and then for the first time I observed, at a little dis. tanoe from the room, and lying right against the' hill, itself, a small tenement with Ia chimney and, a'patch, of flowers in front. It Struck mc that'it was thehabitation of old ,Mrs. Tone. Impulsively I strolled across the yard, and approached the open door of the. small oot tage. .I I had any doublets as to its being the old woman's place of abode, the eight of her eoated inside, with her head' bowed on the table, and her withered hands olasped above it, -wa~ sufficient 'to set them at rest. Thepoor 'creature was apparently in greatpgitation-great sobs shaking her frail beody from head to foot. ' 'I could not' help wondering if this awful grief had anything to do with the opening of the room in which her unnortunate master had'dled, but I do not think -I should have ventured to make myrprelence known:under the biroumetanees. I'had,'however, hardly drawn'baek to'go, when she'lifted herwhite, tear'ntained faoe,atid saw me.' The thoughts df'mv mind eprang to my lips ore I had time to think.' ' I"hope it is not anything connected with the'aloied room that is troubling you' thus," I said. ",You are old enough to know that uench foolish' saperstitious should -not be carried to the edge of the grave." " I do not blame you-you know no beotter, and ii' isthe -will of ' God," she '!replidd, 'shortly, as she wiped her dim eyes. "?""oue.lead too lonely a life, Ink poor woman," I' continued, "you have brooded over the sad lose of a doubtless good master until your braln has boeome weakened. At your age it is not right for you .to live oy yourself. Where is your son, who.was:here at Mr. Montford'e death 7" It I had struck the woman with: a stone -he 'could not have more visibly staggered; she drew back suddenly, as if from a :heavy blow, and stlared at me with a terror that almost commauoniated itsel to me. What had I said or done to cause such an awful exhibition of fear and horror as lay stark iin in that'old woman's face 7 I beogan to think, as the most simple cluoldtsion of all the mystery that seemed to serroaud her, that her .brain was really giving way under her trouble and loneliness. "Yon did not understand me, I fear, Mrs. Tone, I only asked you if you know where your son was. BH would be company for you and, if you thought fit, I have no doubt employment could be foneoud for him on the station. Do you kow where he is ?' "Ha is doadl deall deadr" she tried, wildly, " dead to life, dead to hope, dendl to God, and dead to me I" end tosoing her thin arme above her head, bhe tottered intoIau inner chamber and lollt mo:to go back oven more bewildered than when I had loft the parlour. As I passed the elon window?of the room I had decided on oaoupying. I paused and looked in; Linton had got i'Leod' house. keoper at work with him, the oarpet was lifteod and ehaken, and the hangigs removed from the bed for the purpose of airing and dusting, doubtles. The mattresses and bedding had also disappeared and the floor had been scrubbed. A bright fire blazed on the low hearth, and the most superstitious would have found little of the haunted room in tho appearance pro sented by tbohe renovated chamber. I scid as much to my man while the woman had gone out to bring the carpet off the grar: "Yes, sir, it begins to look more habit. able, bat it is too hurried the day is wearing oo fPat. I have not 'boeen Qblo tq eloan out the closet, which, you know, is full of the dead gentleman's clothes, and I have put the matlrasoese and bedding in there until to-morrow-but that will'not come out," and he polnted to the blood stains on the floor by the bed, which were beginning to creep boldly to view again from the drying moisturoof thesorubbing brush. "Never mind; the carpet will cover it," was my reply, as I went away. Well, night came, and bedtime, when, escorted by my attendant, I went to spend my first night in the mysterious chamber. Nothing could look more comfortable. My own easy-chair and slippers stood 'by the clear fire; all my toilet requisites were spread out on the snowily-draped toilet, the silver tops and stoppers reflecting themselves brightly in the tall, dark mirror behind them. The lamp burned clearly, and the bed, folded down ready for occupation, looked soft and white, and enticing enough to tempt a man less fatigued than I found myself to the soundest of slumbers. "Would it not be as well for me to sleep on this conch to-night, sir, so as to be handy in case you want me?" Linton hesitatingly asked as he was about to retire, and was lowering the light with the evident intention of leaving it burning. "What I"- I almost roared, '!am I to have you turning superstiuotlus onry hands, too LintonP Well, I give you notico, that if I ever see such another symptom of it, you leave my service, if you had been twenty instead of ten years in it. What should I want you for P or if I should, there is a bell close to the bed. Put out that light, and go." Before complying, the man took the bell pull which was the old-fashioned cord and tassel, and twined it lightly round the bed poet, so as to be within reach of my hand, then he blew out the light, aind went out on tip-too, and without another word. It would be false to say that I did not exaperience any unusual sensations as I lay there In the semi-darknese, and in the room where a dread tragedy had been performed, for I did. Not that I was afraid, or had the least anticipations of any spiritual visitation, but I got to picturing that last night of Mr. Montford, and fancying his sensations as he awoke with the murderer's knife at his breast. A struggle for dear life had been enacted .on the very bed I occuplod; ruddy blood had poured so deeply into the boards by my side that the stains yet bore ewitnses against tIh murderer and refused to be ob literated. Who was the murderer? I knew nothing of the affair save what I had g,thered that day,-and I-was ignorant of "a lact that I afterwards discovered,vir., that Mr~ Mintford was supposed to have oseognised the spiller of blood, but sealed his lips as to his identity, that remained to that very day. unknown. :The glow of the red, embers alone gave a faint light saround the hearth, and the .lilence, save by the.ticking. of my patch above my head, -was unbroken. Th uen accustomed air, exercise, and excitement of the day had fatigued me, and gradually, my thoughts began to wander and grow eon fused. I fell asleep, and know no more u tll I was suddenly awakened by a strange eon causion that -I could not comprehend, and which seemed to have shaken the bed as though some heavy body had violently strurk against it, I sat up in bed and listened. For a moment I could have fancied that some one was in the room, and that I heard a door creak, but, feeling angry with myself for being so impressed by what must have been a dream, I took the matches from the night stand, struck one, and lit the ready wax light. As soon as it fairly threw its illumina. tion round the chamnber re&w; lying a'the' toot of the bad tee bedding and mattresses removed by L'ntoa from the belstead I lay; upon. I was very angry, for I felt considerably shaken by the, sadden start I had been awakened with, and I took advantage of my man's arrangement of the bell-rope to pull it lastily. Linton made his appearance eso quickly that itwas evident he had not retired, and he presented himself with a frightened-. looking face that still further aggravated' me. "What is the matter, sir? Oh I" : andhe stared at the bedding on the floor-in -sanh undisgnised astonishment that I could -have struck him. "The matter? You -see it well4 enough. How dare yoen, sir-how dare yeo arrange that bedding so carelessly in the eloset 'that it must come tumbling out in'theedesd of night? ;st my time of life it might be of very serious consequence to me to be' awakeoned by a shook like this." " Ibesgyour pardon, eir; Ipaoked the heap up with my own hands, and it seemed to me an impossibility for it to tumble down." "There's iyour lmponeiblllyIl' I said, pointing to the annoying matter. '" Take it out of this, to the ;psesage, the 'yard, any whero, so that I am ensured from a repetition of this annoyance." " "BUt the closet door is shut, sir. - Have you been up?" .) " No, I had not been up; yet there was. the closet door clossd to a certainty. - " Bah I it has a tendency to close itselfliko many other doors," I remarked. "Getsthat rubbish out and take yourself off, Linton." " The man passed round to take up some of the blankots, oti., forremoval, and, all at once,' I saw him stop and droop the candle he earried in his hand toward the floor. : "You haven't been out of bed, sir," he said, looking at mo with a puoaledand rather frightened expression-" yoen haven't noltied the carpet ?" "The carpet?" I leaned over the bed to see what was the matter with the carpetland was more than astonished, for the floor was bare where the stains, were and the earpettlng back, just as I had observed it to be on my first visit to the room. I know It could not have been so when I had retired, as .I entered the baed from the earpoted spot where Mr. IMonlford'e blood had been spilled. ' "There's some trickery going on hero," I deolared, "and that old woman's in it. Takb out that heap of rubbish, and, when you have done so, I will look the doorobehind you I" I couold perceiove from,Lanton's manner that he was far from being at ease, and east furtive looks toward the closet as he passed it. He did not, however, offer to open or seareh it, but, when he had once more retired, I rose, looked the door, and opened thakof the closet, which had no look, but simply a latah, lilted by means of a brass handlo an the outside. It was not even laothed, nad, though hung round with clothes, could by no means have afforded concealment to a human being. Again I returned to bed, having assuredly latched the door of the closet I had closely examined, and drawn up the blind, against which the moonlit shadows of Ivy leaves were flickering as the soft brerse moved them to and fro. It was come time Ere I slept again. In spite o my reason 1 felt 'somewhat nervous and ill at ease. I forgot to say that Lisnton had re-spread the carpbt over the unholy -tains, and it was the fact of the carpet being removed that puzaled me most. but at last, with the full determlnatiqn of throsw. ing some light on the e1satury by a fiull search on the marrows, dloppcd off asleep It m?ut have been instinect that awoke me net, for, as I esuddenly opened my eyes, not a sound fell upon my eras. With an unacknowledged dislike to turn my back toward the aide from which the carpet had been so mysterlonly removead, I had fellen asleep ,with-my face toward it and toward the window. I saw the shadows of the ivy leaves, sand the moon's rays streaming between them, and, as I more fully aroused myself, I became conscious of a dark object lower down, and between me and the lower part of the window-some being two doubtless in the room twith me ! Lditd not move. I watched it so closely that, even in the darkness below the window, I began to fancy I could trace the outlined shade of a kneeling human form. The bowed head, that alone rose to intervene between me and the brightness of the moon lit window, seemed to oscillate slowly to and fro, and a something bright certainly gleamed in what appeared to be clasped hands over 'whih long voluminous eleeves draped them eelvesdarkly. So near seemed- that figure to me that, reaching out my hand, I could have touched it, ,yet, coward that I was after ai,' I darad not stretch it out. One movement I made. It was to seize th* matches for the purpose of striking a ligh'. As I did eo, and the growing blazi grew, filckered,-and caught the wick of theo wax light, I'eagerlylooked toward the window. There was nothing there-noc the shadow of a shadow, but the carpet was again thrown' back from theastainesof blood. I slept no more that night, and was rejoiced to sue the daylight appear after the longesti houroa'of darkness I had ever ex perienced. While yet in the silence and depth of night I had to own to myself that I experienced a sort of unacoountable awe at the app,,rently unearthly visitations I had experienced; but as the daybeame broke unnaiiy into the weird room I bhegn to fancy I mut have dreamed~ of that kneeling form, or plotured it to myself by the farce of an excited imagination. It required only the sight of the dinarranged carpet .to assure me that some kind of nokuown power had really been at work in she looked room. I rang the bell, roe and unlocked the door to admit Linton, whose very fleet look was one of horror at the agal 'dieturbed carpet '; knowing I should require hie assistance in the thorough euxmination lintedded making, I told him myexperlobces of the night while I was dressing. " We are the subjects of some' triak,ythe object of which in toekeep us out' of this room," I concluded. - "The trick I" am'befiht upon discovering for the purpoeo'of.punieh iug its author. The objeoc; I daresay,l'eill be found out also; but I-am certdainthatold woman has something to do with'both." First I caused every artinle of-attire tobe turned out of the closet, and made a olose search of ft for some surreptitious means of entrance, . but 1 could' fld ..none. Then, while Linton was disposingof the late Mr. Moutford'e garments, over hedges and fences, for the purpoose of being thoroughly alred, I went to old Mrs..Tone's cottage, intetding; plainly to nea?se her of having annoyed me during the night, but I was fated to be' dis appointed at every atep. The cottage was looked up and silent, and the very key had disappeared from the key-hole. " Someone there nuet be residing in the, neighbourhood who is acquainted with the circumstances of Mr. Montford's death," TI said to my man, after breakfast. "I shalli ride over to the township and see it. I can not find out the medical man who attend?. him at his death. "That will be .seless, sir,", Linton re. plied. "I have been inquiring - of Mr.' MI'Leod, the manager, and he says the doctor. hero is a new ~man, come a inoo he did himself, ?hich was only when Colonel. Ardrell bought the property. Dayot tihiLk; sir, *ht it woull--te, non gool to enqelre of theOtholio elarcyme ai Tary sty'bE dead gentleman wee a very.ntrlci Roman Catholl, and so is Mrs. Frd.' - "It oan, at laet, dono harm to :try and got seeme advio in the affair," I satd; !' but you jmay be au:o if -the, clergyman knows anything he has boeo bound to secresy, or more.of the aff.lr .would be knowi in the neighbourhood. aHowevor,, I shat call on the clergymman." And in awh uor I had ridden from Ben garra,leaving Liltona,str!ot orders to keep the mysterlous.hambor elose fastened until my return. - -t d I wa fortunate i finding Father O'omnor at ° home--and an intelligent and friendly nian.of.the.world. He liestenod to my rela tlonoof ?omytroubleoaa nd mysteras with 'a face that grew,more and moreaserlous as I proceeded. - When I related the fact of Mrs.' Fone's dis-appearanuce: he rose.addenlyalid -with someexeitement. "I:must returnato: Bangarra with you, sir,"-he said.' "You are quite right lnanup posing that I know.much of the facts of Mr. Modntord'a murder that are unknowh to the police ;:these faetaos'.weroconfded to .rme under seal ofifoofeoslni-a onal whlch deat h must eoon break If it ,hes not already. done so. .i Emnuse.me while I order.my horse." We returned together to the station, and nearly in. eilenoe, as the o priest seemed anxionusly brooding, and in haste, to resoh our destination.. As soon as we dismouintd' in the coort, he .walked straight to Mrs. Tone'efdoor, and knocked ankalloed ,loudly, SMary I-MaryTone i opn, 1it isto I, Father O'Oonnor,' but ;thereswas neither rnply or onun?d and,-withonut; further: parloey, being a tall, powerfol man, be put his shoulder to the door and brset it open. lThere wan no one in the little room:anid no sign of late habitation.- As the priest v~ia about to enter'the back apartment, he turned to me and said, hurriedly : - " Oblige me by going to Mr. Moutford's room, sir. I will join you there shortly, ,and explain all this," and he disappeared, cloesing the door behind him. , "Theae extraordinary proceedings cer. tainly requiro somoe explanation," I observed, with come nnoyacnoe, to lntin,who woeas etandisg at the door, "bht open the dor and leo us awoait hle -revoeeae 'as he has indicated." - The hannied room being, n0 I bhave boero said, the ltst of the wing against the hill,, it was buhot a few stops from Mrs. Tone's place, yet to gain it we had nto go round by the portico and so along the hall to it. Linton placed the key in the'doer, turnod it in the look, and drew back to allow me to enter, I did until I had passed the threehold, and then, with an exolamation half of fear and half of amazement, I stood still for a moment to realieo the avaol picture before my eyes. On the here floor by the bedside, for the replaced cart?'r had again been drawn back, figure in a long, dark and eoareo garment was lying still and motlonlese. The fiure was .'that of a man, and the portion of tleo counteacoce unhidden by the tangled grey beard wes ghastly white and emsclated to rStrumily. The sunken eyes were open partially, and the thin hands o reasd to the scorcely hearing breast a sloer crutfin. From the position in which the body lay it would eeom as if the man had fallen over from his knees, and it was but too evident that he w0 dyrng--even In that moment of peinill surprlia Ii laeshod upon me that I ans looking upon the cnurderer of Mr. Tiontford i At thin moment, to my greater surprise, a'thor O'Connor octered the room by the door of the eloset, aed, rneeling by the dying man, raised hbihedeonhih knee" Evldently he was recognl'ed, for a sad emile passed over his lipe as he weakly murmured. " 1t is just, Father, I dlo on tho spob where took life," and his head fell opes and restedt a dead choeek on the dark stain of the blood ho had ptlled, I cannot even yet recall withouet pain the' fetllngs I experienced during the nox tofe hours at my new purchase. The clergyman had found Mrs. Tone In a dying state in the cellar that had served as her son's voluntary hiding place from the world inece the murder of her meater. I; wre imposalble and im. politic to atteotpt efarther coonealment, and a maginterial inqoiry held on the bodies brought to light most of the particulars related to me privately by Fother O'Gonnor. "John Tone had "'lways been a wild charatler," he said, "sad she tame life. at Bangarra did not suit him, so ht made up his mind to rob his master of the 'old he Inow was kept in a small vault commnni. eating with Mr. Montford's room by n ewell. ooncealodsepring door in the c!oset. He did not oaloulate on his master's waking and reooguleing himbhowover, sid in hit terror of dtdoovery'and ponialiment stabbed him to the death, as he hoped. He did not imme diately die, however, anid the 'mother's pl?adinge for her son's life aoted so uponu he dying gentleran that he helped to conoeal the crime, entrusting the truth to none but me. 11ll leas responsibility in keeping the secret ae the wrotohed man wue so overcome with ropet!anoo and remorse,asa to be, no willing' to look in the face of day,orand has spent those years in penaneoi land,praeera and faeting that would have worn. oat stronger frame 'than his. It was hi' praoe toi. to pray nightly on the spot he hod spilled blood--bl crime 'was great, -hie asonement was heavy;--may God rest his eout." I have speot many happy days at Bun garra since these eveoat. M .y only and widowedseter has joi?u?d me: rom' home, and her ?hippy ehildreon.make .the. finu old house'gay with ,ivtly. voices. The ovy on t estouewalle-ise green, and clusterlng, the rosesr ,ou eu , porch,; blushing ,and weet. socnted.. Too fountain plays and. eparkles its diamond spray in the sun, iind there are nq ghostshianuting thelong allst, ye?, Imast confese to mhe weakuesa of having ca?ed Mre. Tone's cottage td the grounsd' ad re lolored'Mr. Moetford's room., 