%\t %nwi% |^fc THE HOOSIER SCHOOL BOY. [By -lasrardBEMfistonj in St. Niclwlas.] Chaptee- XVHE— Ghosts. Jack and'Bob had to amnse Columbus with stories,, to : divert his mind from , iHe, notion.. that Pewee and his party meant them, some harm. The Indian burying-ground was not an uncommon place of. resort on. Sundays.-for i loafers and' idlers, -and, now andtheu pjjfciea 1 came;&ojn.as; far asXxreenbank,_to have the pleasure of a ride and the amusement of dig ging up, Indian relics from the cemetery, on. the hilL This hill-top commanded, a view of the -Ohio River for many miles- in-twth direc tibns, and of the Kentucky, Eirec,. which, emptied into the Ohio just' opposite. I do not know whether the people who -can find' amusement in digging up bones aad thro wing them down-lull enjoy scenery or not; but. I, have heard it urged that even some dumb animals,- as . horses, . enjoy a landscape, and I. once knew of a Jaa-ge.dog, in Switzerland, who . would sit. enchanted for, a long time on the brink of a mountain cliff, gazing ioff at the lake below. It is only fair to suppose, there fore, that even these idle diggers in Indian mounds had some pleasure in looking f ronra hill-top; at any rate, they were fond of fre qpentingthis one. Pewee, andHiley, and Ben Berry, and two or three others of the same feather, bad-come down on this Sunday to see the TriATiyn Mound;and to find any 'othersport ? that might lie in their reach. 'When they had dug up and'thrown away down the steep hill side enough bones to satisfy their jackal pro : clivities, they began to cast about them for some more exciting diversion.. As there ? wereno water-melon'patches nor orchards to be robbed at this season of the year, they de cided to have an.£gg=supper,and.theii,to wait far the moon to rise. after midnight' before: ; starting to .row. and.cbrdelle their^two: boats-, up the river again, to Greenhank. The fun; of an egg-'Sunper to. Pewee's. party, consisted not so muck- in. the eggs as. in the-, manner of- getting, them.. fSrery- nest in Jndge Kane?S'Chisken.-liouse was ? rummaged) tUat night,-and-Mrs.: Kane- fnnnH next- day. that all tike nest. eggs, were gpne, and that one of her young-hens-was missing also. About dark) little Allen Mackay, a-roundr bodied, p^ump-faced,. jolly fellow wholived near the place where the, sM&i; were landed,', and who; had: spent, the afternoon --at the T^riifln Mound, came to ?tbe; doar *-f the old log- house; 'I wanted to sajf thai yoa fellows. navei always done 43j& right - thing.;by. me. Y^uVe set me across: oncefe or twice*,, aad' ypu=ve always been * clever* to -me, -and-I don't want to see no hai-m d6ne you. ^Boa'd: better look; out to-night:. They^s-some cliaps fromOrcen— bank down here, and they're inr.f or a frolic; and somebody's hen-roost- '11: suffer, I gues3 ; and they don/t like youboye, and they talked about routing you out-to-night.' ' Thankiyou// said Jack.. ' Let 'cm rout,3' said-Bob. ; But the poor little Pet Owiiwas all in a cold shudder again. About eleven o'clock, King; Pewee!s parly had picked: the- last- bone - of Mra B?aae's chicken. It was yet an. koim and: ai half before the moon would :be up,- and -there- was - time for- some: fan.. Two.- boys- from the . neighborhood, who had- joined- the- party, agreed to furnish dough- faces for. them alL Kothing more ghastly than masks of dough can well be imagined,. and when the boys alL put them- OB;, and had- turned- their: coats . ?wrong-side: out; they were: almost) afraicbo£ \- one another. ' Mow,' said; Biley, .' Pewee will knock at: the door, and- when they eome-with their4an tern or candle; we'll all rush in and: howl like Indians.' 'How do Indians howl C' asked Ben- Berry;. ' Oh, any way— like-a- dog-or-a-wolf ; you know. And: then they'U be seared to death, and we'll just pitch- their- bedsj and- dishes, and everything else out'of the door.and'^how themhovB-toelean-hotisei' Biley didn't know that- Ailen. Macbay and' Jack Dudley, hidden-in- theHbfttshes-heardHthis - speech, nor that Jack as soon as he had heard the plan, crept away- to tell.- Bob- air the house what the enemy proposed to do. As the crowd-neaTed-the- log-house; Riley prudently fell .to ithe rear, and p.uahed Pewee'. to the front. There was just the faintest whitening of the sky from the coming moen; but the large apple-trees in front of the log house made it very dark, and the dough=f ace ; crowd-were ohJiged-abnost fo feel, their way : as they-caine into, the shadow, of these, trees.' 'Jnst as Biley was exhorting Pewee to knock tittering at the prospect of turniup; iJob, .lack, aud Culuuibus olit of bed anil out of doors, tfcoj' all 3toi-i-ed .-ihm-t an-.l hel-.i tli-.-ir breaths. 'Goofr-tuabfoma i* JMfes ©fesart- Sake3 alive!' whispered Biley. 'What — wh — wteanstnuifi*' ~ Kobody ran. All stood as though frozen in* their places. For out from behiafl the cottier of the house came slowly, a skeieton head. '.It was ablaze inside, aad ttiferligit*' shone oat of all the openings;. The; tHttiy I had no feet, no hands, and no bodyt &: i actaally floated through the air,-and ao«rand I tteat joggled and danced a littler It rose and* j Ml,- but still came nearer and nearer- 1Ss- the attacking party of doughfacesjwho fdttbeir part could' not guess that-BoUBLallidaj; had put alighted' candle inter an Indian's) skall; aad tSen tied this ghostfe-lanterii tet^wire* attacfied to thoend of a fishingrod, which he operated from liehindthehouse. Etwee's ? party drew cltfse together, and' Eiley whispered hoarsely^ « ThehonseiflhVnted.? Just then the hidcousr and' fiery death's head madea circuit;, and s^vung grinning into i Hiley's face, who could stand no- more;, but ' brokeihtOa full'run toward ttie river. At ffie some instant' Jack tooted a' dinner horn,. ; Judge Kane's Jjig dog ran barking out of the I Ibgihoase; and' theenemy wer6T-outed like the 1 Midianites before Gideon. Their consterna- ! tion was greatly increased at- finding their' ? boats gone, for Allen Mackay had to wed'them ' into a little creek out of sight, and hidden the oars in an elder thicket. Riley and one of i the-otberswereso much afraid of the ghost ? tliitt-lba«nted' the old house that they set out straightway, for Greenbank, leaving their Moats. Pewee and the others searched every where for their boats, and at last sat down and'waited for daylight. Jifist as day was breaking Bob jHi)lli3ay came-' down to tiie. river with a towel; as though for- a^ morning bath. Very accidentally, of course, he came Upon Pewee said Ms party. all:ttred out, sitting on the-bsmk-in hope' that:- day might throw some light on the fate of their boats. . 'Hello, Pewee! You here? What's the matter?' said Bob, with feigned surprise. ' Some thief took our skiffs. We've been looking foe them all night, and can'-fc find tBem:£F *? That's curious,' said Bob, sitting down and leaning his head-on his haiwU ' Where did-you get supper- last night2' ' Oh ! we brought some with us. ' ?*? Lookjiiere, Pewee, I'll bet I can find your boats.' ?? How?' ? . *' Yongjvem&money; enough amotigyou to pay for the eggs and' the chicken you Had for supper, and I'll find out who hid your boats and where tfie= -jars arej and; itiL'aU! Be square.'* Pewee was now sure that the boat had been : taken as indemnity/f or the chicken and the eggs. He made every one of the party con tribute-something until he had collected what Bob thought sufficient'*© pJ?y for. the ? stolen things, and Bob tookr it and went up and found Judge Kane, who had just risen, and : left, tiie.- money with him; Then he made a circuit to Allen Mackay's, waked him up, ? and- got the oars, which they put into the boats, and pushing these out of their hiding 1 place they rowedUhemahto the river,~deliver ingthem-to' Pewee. and company; who took .them gratefully. Jattk and Columbus had now made their appearance, and' as Pewee : got into Ms boat he thought to repay Bob's 1 kindness witfi a little advifte. ' I say, if I was you fellers, you know, I wouldn't 'stay. in. that old cainfl 'a stugte ?? night.? ' Why? ' asked Jack. 'Because,' said- Pewee, 'I've heard tell that it is halted:' ' Ghosts aren't anything when you get used to-themj' said-Jack. 'We don't mind them at all.' 'Don't you?' said Pewee, who was now rowing against1 the current; 'Ko,' said Bob, ' nor dough-faces ; neither;' ' Even Pewee's dull mind began to guess . that Bob and; Jack were .well acquainted- with ghosts, and might know where they came from. GHAJ'TBBXIX.T-THBjlETCrB.JBHOJI'Ei -. AVMr. If iles's schookternr drew to a close the two boys began to think o£ their future. ' Texpect to work- with- my hands,- Jack,' - said- Bob.; 'I havenikgot. a Jieadi or books, * as yea haVe. ESit Fd liMe to Know a leetle more before If settle' down: I wish I could ? make enough at something to 'be able to go to : school'nextwittter.l' : ''HTonivh^yoiursfaeilga^andisizeyJBob,'. 1 Pd go to ?woifcfdT'somebody/asta farmer: But; ' Ihavemore tian'myself 'to'lookafter; Emust ' help mother after this-term is ont. Umusb 1 get*somefchlng to db',:and;tiien' learning will: Be= slow- business. They talk- about Ben . franklin-studying at night and all that, but if s a little hard on a fellow who hasn't the ? constitution of a Franklin. Still, Tangoing to have an education, by hook oncrook;' At. this, point in the -conversation, Judge Kane came in. As usualr Lie said little, but he got the boys to talk about their own affairs; 'When do you go home,' he asked. * 'MexftFriday evening, whenschool is out,' ? said Jack. ' ' 'AndTrhatoire^ongoing.todDr he^aased of Bob. ? . .... . ' Get -some workrthis summer, ana taien try to get smother winter of schooling next year,' ? was-the-answer. ' What kind x-f work?' 'Gh, I can farm better th'an T can do anything else,' said Bob. 'And I like it; too.' AiuLthen Judge Kane drew from Jack a fall acconnt.of: his affaiis, and'particuiarlj of the debt due from Gray;, and of Ms interview with- Gray. - : 'If yoa*OHld;get»' few hundredi dollav^, 1 so as: to make your-, mother fed/ easyt fou- a \- while, living as she does- in hertowa house, ' you couldigo ^toschoel -n«Et' winter.' 'Yes, and then I could get on after that, somehow, by. myself, I suppose,' said Jack. 'But theiew-tomdred-doUars fa as much out of my reach as-a million- would be, and my father used to say.it was a bad. thing to get , into the way o£ figuring on. things, that, we could never reach.!' ? The judge sat still, ani-looked.at. Jack out. of his' half -closed grey eyes for a- minute in silence. 'Come up to the house -with me/ he said,, rising. Jack followed him tothe house; where -the.- judge opened Ms desk and took out- a- red- baoked memorandum- book, and: dictated while Jack copied in his own handwriting the description «f a, piece of land on a slip of paper* 'If you go over to school to-morrow, an hour earlier than usual,' he said, ' call at the county clerk's, office,, show Mm: your memorandum, and .find out, in whose name that land stands. It:is timber-land five miles - back, and worth five hundred dollars. When you get the name of the owner you will know what to do ; if -not, .you can ask me,-but you'd better not-mention. my- name to anybody in this matter.' Jack thanked Mr. Kane, but left him 1 feeling- puzzled: In- fact; the- farmer-judge seemed to like to puzzle people; or at leastme never -toM anything iinore thaajwaSBecessary. ; The next morningj-the boys'were offiearly \- toPort-.WaUianK Ja^t wowiered-if the-land raight'.beldng'tO'Jiis father; but then he was \- sure-his^fatiiler never-had- any land- in- Ken \- tuclcy* ©r; -vfBS'-iirtlie-.psoBerty o€ same dead ? uncle -oircottsin,' and^was he. to find a-fortune, ike the hero: of a cheap story-? But when he couHtyitferk,- whose^office it- is^o-regist er deeds ' in; that-xjountyj took .ttie: little piece of paper; and-after-scaxmnig-ifc, took-downsoane \- great' deed-books ? and morfcgage-books,- and turned- the- pages- awhile-,:_ and then- wrote ' 'Biancis Gray^ owner, no incambraneei''ou ? the* samcslip' with the-descriptioni Jack' had 1 the key to -Mr. .Kane's puzzle. . ? It-wasnow- ThuTsdayi-foremTOn', and Jack \- was'-eoger on aU^accounts to get home, espe \- ciailyr t«r see- thle- lawjw inr charge of his : fathers claim against M&-. Gray. . So the next -dayat-noou,' asthere-was-nothing-left-butthe ? dosing exercises* the three boys were excused, ? and' bade good-bye- to their- teacher and 1 schoolmates,, and rowed back to their own \- side of tbe: river. They soon- had the skiff 1 loaded; , for all three were eager to see the folksiat Greenbank.- Jack's mother had been ' at home more' than a week; and' he' was- the \- most impatient of- therthree. But they could ' not leave withbuta good-bye to Judge Kane \- and'hiswife; to wMchrgood-byettiey added a 1 profusion of : bashful ? boyish thanks -for kind ness received.- The judge walked to the boat : landing; witSi them. Jaek- began- tor tell him aboutrnie land; 'Don't sayaBything about ifrto me, noirto anybody else but your lawyer/' said Mr. ; Kane, ' and do not mention my name? You may say to your lawyer that the land has just changed hands, and the' matter: must be attended to soon. It' wontstand exposed in ! that way long;' When the, boys were in the boat ready to start Mkv Kane said to Bob— ' You .wouldn't' mind working for me iMs sunamev at the regular price ?' ' Ifd like to,' said Bob. . '' ''Hbwsoon'canyoncoine?' ' Next' Wednesday evening.'' ''I?ll' expect you;;' : said1 the : judge, andjhe : turned' away up the. bank with a ;!s light nod and a curt 'Olood^iyej' wiul6: Bob- said ^'Wliatia curious man. he is.' ' Tes; and: as good: as lie's curious,' 'added ' Jack. 1 It'was awarm'day for rowing1.lkit'thle boys ' wereTSotBalittleEomesicK. Uhdertlie shelter of a-ipeintwhere tiiecuraenfcwasaottoo strong the two rowed, and made fair headway, some ttnresencounternig-aneddywhich gave them a lift. But whenever the current set strongly ' toward'their side of the river, and whenever they found it necessary/ to round a point, oner of them, would lean, onton. the pebbly beaeh and, throwing the Soat-ropeOTer hisshbulder, ?«Bfei^irtmp#--^wajet^a-jate!aa.lTne^ rope, or conlelU—a word that has come down from the first J'rcnch travcllcis and trader.i in tlie gi-cat valley— was tied to the rowlocks. It was necessary for one to stoci- in the stern while tmr Other played tow-horse,, so- that' eafch had liis^tkmat) rest and at Worla After tbi-ee hburs'toil the wliarf-lieafc.of the village was in sightf. aitd'ail^orts of familiar objects glkddenect' their hearts;- They reached the landing, and7 tJien, fladten wito things, they hurriedly, cut across the commons to their hdmes. As soon ~as' Jack's first greetin* with his mother; vbs over, stie told him that she thought sBe'might'affordhintonc more quarter ofi school; 'Noj's£tIdJ&ek;', 'yoH'vepinoHed yourself j long enougti for me; at-* if a time I should' | go to work. If -you try to squeeze out another i quarter of school for me you'll have to-- suffer- I for it. Besides, I don't see how you can-do if- unless Gray coflies- down, and I think- 1 j have now in: my pocket something that will' | make him come down.' And Jack's face brightened' at the thought -j£ the slipof paper ia the pocket7 of his roundabouts, Without observing thelast remaFkr.nor: the evident elation of Jack's feelings.Mrs. Dudley proceeded to- tell him that she had- been offered a hundted'and ttPenty dollars for her claim against? Gray. ' Who'offerCd'it'?' asked Jack. 'Mr. Tinkham,! Gray's agent. May be Gray is buying up Ms- own' debts, feeling ; tired of lioldingTwoperty in1 somebody else'* i name.' | ' A, hundred and' twenty dollars for a- i thousands The i-asealr I- wouldn't take ib,' broke out Jack, impetuously; ' ' Tliat's just the way/ I feel, Jack. Pd rather wait for- ever, if it wasn't for your j education.. L can't afford to have yoar lose that. I'm to give an answer this evening;' 'WfewoHtdoitj' said, Jafek. 'I've got a memorandum Bere;' and' he' took the slip of ]:aper from, his pooket and unfolded it, *' uiat'JT'bring, more money out of him' than that. I'm going to see Mr. Beal at once.' ' Mrs? Btadiey looked at the paper witiiout understanding jjist wflat it was, and, -without giving h'enany.iurthei' explanationj, butonly a- warning to-secrecy, Jack- made, off: to^the lawyer's- office, ' Where.diiyouset'tais?' askedMr. Beal. ' I promised' not to- mention his : name— I mean the name of- thertfne who-gave me'thafc ? liwentfto the clerk's office With the descrip tion, and the clerk wrote the words ' Francis Gray, owner, -no incumbrance;' ' ' I wish E had/ had if sooner,' said, tfce lawyer: 'H' will be best' to have our judg ment recorded:ih-that county tb-inofrow,' he continuedl- ' Gould you go down to Port William?' *'Y«sj.sir,' said Jack, a little reluctant to go back: ' Icould if I must.' ' ' I don't think the mail will do,' added Mr. Beal. ' Tins thing came just in time. We should have sold the claim to-night. This land ought tofetch 500 dollars.' Mr. Tinkham, agent for Francis Gray, was much disappointed that night when Mrs. 'Dudley refused to sell . her claim against ' YW11 never get anything any other way;' he said; 'Perhaps not, but we've concluded to wait,1' said Mia. Dudley.. ' We can't do much' worse-if we get nothing atralL' After a moment's reflectioUj Mr. Tinkham said1 — 'Til do a little better by you, Mrs. Dudley. I'll. give' yoa a liumjred antd-fifty^ That's the verjr best lean do.' 1 'I will not. sell the claim at present^' said; i Mrs. Dudley. - 'It isof no use' to offer.' It would have been better': if' Mrs. Dudley had not spoken so positively. Mr.. Tinkham was set a- thinking. Why wouldn't the widow sell ? Why had she changed her mind since yesterday? Why did Mr. Beal, the lawyer,- not -appear, at the consultation? All these questions the shrewd little Tinkham a&ked; himself, and all these questions he asked'of FrandsiGray that evening; {To be continued.) 