THE O'FARRELI. FAMILY. The Freeman! s Journal in an editorial on the recent outrage by P. A. C. O'Farrell, at Brighton, makes the following remarks:— "The report of the attempted assassination of his Grace the Archbishop of Melbourne, Dr. Goold, is calculated to arouse more than a passing interest, more particularly in the minds of Catholic readers. That venerable prelate is one of the few remaining members of the early Australian hierarchy, and is one of the last types of a class of eccle- siastic that seems to be, in this colony at least, now rapidly passing away. It is reassuring, however, to find that the act in question was the freak of an irresponsible victim of homicidal mania—the act of a member of a family which has been some what prolific in its victims of deep-rooted and dangerous mental disease. The attempt in the present instance has no more signi- ficance than it has in previous cases. A brother of the chief actor in the present affair is now in the Sing Sing penitentiary on a charge of having shot at a priest. And it is only too notorious that an ebullition of a similar phase of lunacy nearly cost the life of the Duke of Edinburgh when on his visit to these shores. On that occasion the unhappy monomaniac paid the penalty of his insanity as the victim of a judicial murder. The cacoethes of loyalty at that time raged higher even than the erratic impulse of the would- be assassin, and his madness was atoned for by the interested, and, we are afraid, somewhat methodical madness of those who put in force a remedy for insanity which we have since seen meet with Press advocacy in this city—they hanged the madman for his mad act. But the evil did not end there. A prolific crop of party feeling, factional bigotry, Orange Lodges, and Kiama Ghosts sprang from this not inappropriate germ, and the results have afflicted the colony ever since. Therefore we do not hesitate to say that we hope the act of the would-be assassin in Melbourne will not be without even its good effect, if it serve to show the small ground there was in a previous in- stance to charge a large section of the people with the irresponsible iniquity of one man. The dangerous phase of insanity seems to be a special faculty of the unfortunate O'Farrell family. Its members appear to be perfectly indifferent as to whom they re- move. A pillar of the Church or the State is immaterial to them. And the fact itself is sufficient evidence that their deeds are wild and irresponsible ones, and that they themselves are fitter objects for & lunatic asylum than for the gallows. 