-i "THS GLBANEB." "A noble oui expands above a little chaff." ^ESTHETIC people go greatly for the "soft and liquid " biz. Well, they have had quite an abundance of it lately-enough to satisfy Oscar Wilde himself. No matter, incrusta tion has set in, and a fellow will soon be able ¡to do his afternoon's crawl without fear of submersion in '' soft and liquid "-we were going to say mud, but then that wouldn't be (esthetic. IT is rumoured that the Davies Park pavilion is about to be removed from its present site. We wonder where they are going to put it-we trust in Paradise, for if we are to be debarred the unbounded felicity of gazing with all our eyes upon its rustic beauty in this world, we don't know how we would get «long in the next without an Ocr casional glimpse of the effulgent structure. The earth still revolves. A MEMBER of the pachydermata persua sion had a high old time to himself on Saturday night. He was hitched to a post in George-street, when suddenly remem bering that he had to see d man, he pulled the post np with his teeth, and started on street everybody ana his neighbour rushed to see the cause of the commotion, fully an ticipating that the resurrection was around, or that a circus bad arrived in town-both great events. SINCE we last made our bow, the noble river hus for the nonce abandoned the even tenor of its way, and now appears as though a surging, boiling cataract. Speculation is rife as to whether any ol the channels in Windsor Keach will be benefitted. We are not going to wager as to the result, until we have a chance of seeing tor ourselves, and then we will give our opinion. We intend to adopt this kind of augury-it pays best in the long run. A TUBTHUMPING fakir-beg pardon nomadic apostle, has been in our midst. He held forth on Windsor Park on Sunday, before a large and admiring crowd. His sentiments were much appreciated, and the principles he has adopted elicited much ap plause from the gratified multitude. We advertised him-he promised to pay us-we haven't seen him since. Serves us right we should have remembered that " religion " often gets us down and worries us. Halle lujah ! WE desire to inform our readers (and they are legion) that the William Forrester alluded to in our last week's police report, and Mr. William Forrester of the Fitzroy, are not identical. How on earth people could think otherwise we are at a loss to understand. THE boys who seek the bubble reputation in the cannon's mouth have been buzzing around this week. They have been under going inspection, and the forest around thc Butts appears as though a whirlwind had passed that way. while the targets laugh in their sleeves. Here's up against vou. SINCE the deluge, everything looks plea sant The surrounding country is as green as-well, as a poor relation's memory. " THE Assyrian came down like a wolf on the fold "-there we go again-we mean he knocked the knowing ones as high as a kite -we may say as high as two kites-with regard to the Melbourne Cup. ON Monduy and Tuesday nights the Ju venile Opera Company gave entertainments in the Windsor School ot Arts. H.M.S. Pinafore was the piece produced. The ( house was packed each night, and the audi ence thoroughly appreciated the efforts of the infantile players. They have been well trained, for they go tbruugh their several parts with the ubility of more mature indi viduals. Their voices are sweetly channin'.:', and iu the concerted pieces they blend with i marvellous accurateness. The elocution is up to the mark. The part of Josephine was i CODJI. his pilgrim! As he cantered along the «ápítaUfjtóoraed. Captain Corcoran and RiUpb wflkatraw wera excellent, Sir 1 Joseph Porter and his sisters, and bis |ouBia»i<«nd his aunts, were highly amusing 1 ud ¿ev er, and their precociousness called i Forth wuch applause. Little Buttercup was firrMlal^W^^Paadeye and the Boat- j swaiiij kept t^e iiudience in a perfect roar- i thef^ two prodigies have an, abundant fund of humour ftt their command. But the troupe is on the whole a1'clever and almost perfect one-and we were sorry to part company with them. The piece itself, a masterly Satire, needs no eulogy from us -it is top well known to require comment. OUR cadets have been shooting them selves into fame down Sydney way. More power.to their elbows. THE effigy biz is still around. But the game's* played out. * Qrj&HBen;, whilst on his road to bis domi cile the other night, : met with a curious adventure. He was proceeding along Baker street, whiffling cheerily, as though be didn't care a red cent, what, eggs Jwerë/à dozen, when suddenly His äolee far niente Mtitaû» aras knocked into smash. - Near-tbe corner of Macquarie-Btteet, he beoame, pain fully aware, of the proximity of a being to all appearance of the supernatural , species. He cast his eyes around, when, iójLhé 'spotteS ;¿" four-story phantom. ., He-. mustered his dauntless .courage, and resolving to squelch the shadowy party, he sailed in. But he soon sailed out again, the vision had left his view, but, upon, turning round Ben saw the toker on the other side of the road. Ben's tair then began to rise at a rate of about four feet an hour, and he suddenly re membered that he wanted to see whát time it wai, and if he didn't leave that locality gracefully, he left > it somewhat hurriedly. He says encounters with ghosts ain't worth talking about. OUR friend Constable Grace, of Rouse Hill,'has left at our office a monster egg, produced by an industrious hen of his. The oviparous wonder' has a-penchant for'this kind of fun, ' but she, has on. this occasion eclipsed all previous achievements. We are lame on the big egg biz., but weean wager an em quad to a terrace of houses that the Rouse Hill hen can tie one leg up and lay eggs against anything this side of Purga tory. Allez houp la ! 