LOCAL NEWS. 1N consequence of Monfay next bemn a holiday, the monthly meeting ef the New c.tle and Stocktdon Shipwrightk' Provident Union will take place next Thuirsday. , TuE Nw-cast1 e Borough'. Council, met last night. T.iere was a full attendance, and a conside'dble amount of blusinesskVas! gone througl. A report of the proceedming is held oveF , ,. ,. -.. . .. ° ,< _A arE1rNG, of the Coal Trimmers' Friendly Accident Society is advertishd to. take plsdept the Temperance Hall, Bullock Island,' nxb Tuesday evening; and a special miting of No. 22 Division of thl' Sons of Tdmt.erance, Wallsend, same night. T.HrE Newrstle Permanent Building and hInveJi endt oeiety are proceeding rapidly tards comleting their handsome new iuildings in BTlton- stroet. Fla"ged pave mient being laid down, and finishinga strucusre8ener are beingput to tlfe SBY reference t& the time-table of the RHR'N.S.N. C'omny, it will be seen thait the Lady Bowen 's.) will malke a trip to, Sydny t?o-morrow (tnday), leaving New ounced to leave tnB A.A. Comi any's Wharf "at noon to day, for Melbourne direct, carryingr passengers. BEEF dowri~ again! An advertisemen" elsewhere gives the nt altogether unex pected news that our kn.ghts of the cleaver have yielded to the pressure of public opinion and reduced the price of meat. The schedule of prices is plbl~shed, anddthe reduction will commence on MIonday next, January 1st, 1SS3. 1 IN our advertising columns tenders are I called for the sinking of a shaft on the New, Laimbton property. Full particulars are obtainable on- application to MIr. James T'homas, anager New Lambton, Colliery. Thll time, it will he seen, has been ex tended one week, up to Saturday next. Gth January. . S?ar seizure of smsgglfed-c;i, s wnas made on Thursday afternoon by the Iide Surveyor. aboard the steamship Meath, ~at Bullock Island. .After a careful rummage, the Chinese lquarteirs of the .vessel were examined, and a very large euantity of wefds discovered. Of course no owner was forthcoming; John having.too much savee to claim them as his property. WE particularly ,ant you to note that the magnificent a.sortmont of fweeds, etc., now showing by AIr. R. Cobley, agent for H. L. Summn rfield, (the peoples' tailor of Sydney) is the grandest ever shown in Australia. Trousers to order from 16s Gd., and suits to measure from 3 guineas. All goods warranted well-shrunk and a perfect fit, guoranteed. Note address, near Criterion Hotel, Hunter street, Newcastle. 085(; YESTETDAY, at the 6blice court, MIr. Mair, P.M1.. with Mr. G. Donald, J.t'., dis posed of the business on the sheets. Thirty ftive offenders wero charged with having neglected to registor their dogs, and were: (wvth three or four exceptions) mulct in the minimum penalty of 10s, with 2s Gd costs. Two drunkards were also disposed of: James Croshie O'Connor, a respectable looking young man, was remanded until Thursday, on a charge of having embezzled monies, the property of Messrs. B.aal and Co., sewing machine anents, of Hunter street. T 'nu'Postmaster.General is arranging t?o increase the existing postal facilities by the intiroduction of a system of. "reply post, :ards." A reply posb cart will in fact con aisb of a double card, one.of:. hich, will' be uied by the sender, and, the other half by the addresses in transuiitting a reply. 2 Thee price of the double card will be 2d, and each half of it will have .a penny postage stamp impressed thereon. Directions for.using will appear on the card;' It is expected that the new arrangementi will come into force early in January next. "RicesrinU" was again performed by Mr. W. E. Sheridan and his talented corn-. lpany at the Victoria Theatre last evening, to a very fair house. The play was gone through in a very faultless manner through out; the performers being -repeatedly applauded. Mr. W. E. .Shcrsdan as lichelie'u, and Miss Louise Davenport as Julie, receiving the greatest portion of approbation. This evening the grand play of " Lduis XI " will be produced, with. all tie original scenic effects, &c..; This bcharac ter..is considered by isany to be Mr. Sheridau's greatest production, and we have no doubt that a crowded house will welcome this really st?rning actor ta-night. Awuows the incre:sing and variouslocal industries it the pesent, time that are siowlv, but surely, extendiig their business connections in Newcastle, the Comet Wash ing and Baking Powder factory on the Lake Road is not the least remarkable. Its success may to a large degree be at tributed to the' thoro6ughly good under standing.existing betiveen employer a~d employees of the establishment; for which no better proof can possibly be adduced than that of the social reunion, whih: took place on Friday last, on 'the occasion of those engaged in the factor4 presenting their manager, Mr. A.D). Manning, Wiith dn artistically worked cigar-case,. smoking cap, and other articles-their own wor-a-nd MIr. J. WV. Swan, the foremanq with a hahd- somnely bound album. YESTERDAY was a field day at the Police' Court amongst owners of.uhrfgisterrd curs. About a score were summored and nearly all convicted.,. One or.1 t~, however, who were evidently not guilli?f breaches of the. A't, came to.grief'and bsd to pay. the in evitable lOs fine, nd' half-crown costs, through sheer ir'ranco, or lack of know ledge of. th 'outine of court procedure. These j,.-'duais appeared to have good Qcp..o shew, but had'nt the ghost of an ,eafato how to "shew" it. Under the new law, we may repeat for public informa. tion, a defendant or prisoner 'is allowed to enter the witness box and be sworn on his: own behalf. It follows, necessarily, that their depositions, to be of value, must be come a matter of record, and be signed by them after having been written down by' the deputy C.P.S. Straneers in nomu generally alurt out their defence before the proper time, trusting to the righteous. ness of their cause to pull them through, instead of listening to what is said, and acting upon instructions. No fewer than three were out in the *old, yesterday from tlhi cause. "Do you wish to give evidence on your own behalf?" was the Bench's query. Instead of promptly answering in the affirmative, and st-pping over into -the witness box, the defendants got " mixed up," and eventually as a matter of form paid fines, which otherwise would doubtless not have beeni'imposed. ' Tics accommodation I;y rail 'and 'bus utterly, failed to meet the requirements of the public going to visit Wallsend races on Boxing Day. About 2000 people arrived at Wallsend by train in the forenoon, most of these, of course; having return tickets, .and yet intthe evening not less than 700 tickets were issued to leave it, showing that the. latter; number must have arrived on foot, or .that those who hlad. returnhtickets by, train had .usurped the 'buses. 'The only chance peiple had bf getting from 'Maitland was by the morning train, and grebt numbolsvwere waitinz? 'about the sta tions; sure t]ilere would be a "special" about 11 o'cldck. Any who ventured down 'by the 1.30 train had to walk from Waratah, not a single 'bs being at the station. It iis to be hoped, for the future, Mr. Hirgs will be in a better position to run trains frequently backwards and forwards be tween Newcastle and *Wallsend, and have, at least, one special train from West Mait-' land, or better stil, from Singleton direct to Wallsend, .eturning from Wballsenid about 6.30 p.m. *A special train starting from, on pissiig, ,W. Maitland at 10".30 would just nrrive in time at TVallsend. But it would be worse than useless to have any trainsfeFence of passengers at VWaratah -the Newcastle train being always full to overflowing;. Extra tickets would have to ;he:made for the occasion, but it would. be a simple matter to get over that difficulty. ; WE have received from Mr. Archibald lHay, of Hunter-street, the "Christmas number of the Australian,, utsicl Mfagazilie. 7Weo elcome this capitally got up musical annual with much pleasuroe. It in. every vay maintains its well- earned reputation, containing as it does.no less than twelve vocal and three instrumental pieces of music. No. 1 is "Little Feet," a song by Stephen rMasser, and is an exceedingly. pretty ballad. " Happy Hours" is a song. by F'ranz 'Abbott, the well-known. corn poser of " When the Swallows Homeward' Fly," in thb ke'y Of D. ,"Empty is theh Crad!e"' is'a song by ICarry Ceonnedy. and" Is all ;the rage in Lond6on- -o. "n -Love buta,T.hee "-is a new, and beautiful songe omposed by A. C. Bobyn, in 0 natural. 'IPostal ard" is a bright and spirited galop, bi..WA. Poihdd jun. "Pass us not y"' is a :vry"pleasing ballad, by Alice Hawthornie,Siind 'is;, followed' by a song, ".MyDear Old Wife," by diollmick . Next wo have the. well-kioewn March from the O?eia of£Bdoccacio, and ' Unfading .Pic "ture," a i?0?t charming song, by Lafort, followed by " There are Kisses Waiting for Me,"' asong. by Maud DePeyster, and a ca4ital schottiEohe, called " The Horseshoe," byi H:T. Adam.' Thencomes the popular kllad, "The Bloom is on the Rye," a song by1Sir H.1 . Bishop, published for thefirs?t ' time in:a cheap form. 'This alone is worth~ theprice of the whole book. "Sin. Again that Dear Old Song," -by Arthur:Grenvifle, is followed by a comic song, "Razors in the 'ir," by Maxwell, and the list is inlshed by, "FicKllo Mollio," a serio-comic -. song by August Mignon. We are certai, that a choaper or niorh varied and excellent essortmene cannot be foun- in the Aua., trelith colonies. -?, - .te .s 