1 the' new Zealand' naitive ?'^//'.'i'^'/'DlFFipULTY:^'/1. ' '''?-???'[ ,, . In:.the,.New:.Zealand,',Hous6i'of repre .sentat^y.es -ajew, evenings ago., inopening1 .the . debate , on , , the , West . Coast; Natiye ? .'.difficulty /Mr., Bryce/ gave the, following, history ,pf.. Native 'affairs -from;; the, year' ]i.86Ql~,fup.to,-..tiie present time. .The ,,war! at ..jWaUara . vwas : commenced , in , , a ; most cruel mannes. ? , . M torn .that time to .this, .a ^period of 2L years, /^troubles on , the: West; 'Opastihad continued, and. the settlers had been. in a'constant state of danger; , Mem ' ?befs;,w;hp, w.ere inclined* to . sympathise /with. the Maoris .should-.bearfthese facts ,in, mind.' He knew/of families that had been; ruinedby- these disturbances. . , , ? It 'Was in ' /cbniiequencefi/of .these troubles' .the;, pro-; clamatiori of J8fi5'; was, issued,! confiscating , a large , tract of , land. , , . A- f e w- loyal natives ! located in the district could not possibly affect/the, reault, of that proclamation. .Moreover, ,they, ,were; warned. , that, if .they ; ,did not,. come, in,5pthin;a specified, .time, ithey .would, have to; bear the , effects: of the :riroclamatipnv-as;;:is8ued. : ^.jlnj 1.868 jWar again, !brpkej,out) ,under the'chiefr'Titoko waru.' ? On Jthat occasion aettlera were threatened to within a distance of ten miles of Wanganui. ? The greatest injury was 'inflicted on the settlers on that oc casion? At that time the forces had in a manner become demoralised. Under Colonel (now Sir G.) Whitmore that state of. things was happily remedied. ? ; The Natives; retreated to the head waters of the' Waikato. Colonel Whitmore was about arranging an expeditoan against them, when he was stopped by a change of Government. That was an unfortunate affair, a.s he believed that if the war had' been followed up as originally intended much trouble would subsequently have been saved. He denied that thero was even yet a set intention on the part of the Government to abandon the confiscated lands. When the Natives first went back to the confiscated land their tone was very humble, but it gradually became more and more deBant. He argued from the fact that the Natives themselves did not imagine the confiscation had been abandoned. He next referred to the times of Te Whiti. He (Te Whiti) was a prophet. The Taranaki Country had always been a re markable place for prophets. He com menced fifteen years ago by holding half yearly meetings. About four years ago tliesb half-yearly meetings wore turned into monthly meetings, and latterly he advised those who came to stay there and plant food for themselves. Whatever the origin of his power, thero could be no doubt that it was hurtful- both to the Natives and to the Colony. The Natives had impoverished themselves in a most extraordinary way to supply food for these . meetings. There was constant danger with such a number of men at hand, to do what he(Te;:Whiti) mi|»ht de sire. :, Actuated partly by hope and partly by fear, ;they expected him to do some extraordinary work. Time after time he promised to raise the dead. . With sur.h power and influence' over .them, was it ex travagant to. imagine that, they were.ready to do anything at his ...bidding? , There, were 2500 ^Natives assembled :/ there .'in November, and- he believed that.up to the last moment they fully .expected :to see Te Whiti .work, some.,,, extraordinary miracle. The circumstances under which Hiroki.was arrested showed that he fully expected to. see, the.Volunteer force fall paralysed/by. -. Te - Whiti's , ? supernatural, agencies. Te Whiti claimed to ,be the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost. That showed the great power he had . ex-: ercised over his followers. They had some grounds for believing that Te. Whiti had, some great power behind him. .While others of the Native race had engaged in battle and been defeated, he (Te Whiti), with no force behind him stopped as it were the tide of civilisation in that direction. Government after Government had been determined to occupy that land and proceed with settlement. The Grey Government when it came into office sent surveyors pn to the Plains. At no time did Te Whiti show the slightest inclina tion to have the country divided amongst his own people and the Europeans. When the Native Minister of the day visited Parihaka to come to some arrangement, he was most unceremoniously dismissed without receiving an audience. Then, again, the Governor invited Te Whiti to a conference, when he made the well-known reply, ' The potato is cooked.' Then, again, subsequent attempts made in the same direction were frustrated. He himself sent a messenger with a letter stating what was about to be done, and the letter was returned unopened. Every possible endeavour made to bring about an amicable arrangement had failed. A few .days after Mr. Shoehan visited Parihaka the surveyors were ordered off the land. For a few months afterwards nothing was done, and this remissness went tp 'strengthen the feeling in the Maori riiind. At the expiry of two months further aggressions took place. The ploughmen were sent out, not to plough' the confiscated land, but the settlers' land. It wss . not till then that, .the Government of the day roused itself to action and increased,, the A.r,med Constabulary, and the. , ploughing was put ,' ah!.. - end to. . He went on to ? comment, on /, , the . non-resistance shown' ? by . the .ploughmen ..when arrestedj ' arid argued it '.was a, further; evidence in the belief iri Te Whiti's/super natural powers. . That. was the 'condition- of affairs when the Hall Government took office,- aridthe question was, Wliat. was to . 'be done? The subject; maturely con-1 side'red by -the' Government, was three- ? vfold-^-(lst)r Justice to the Maoris ;: (2nd) that settlement should be advanced firmly; ; arid (3rd) that thepltice 'should' as soon as' 'possible be populated '?* with' a European ? population. A 'Royal Commission ''was ?appointed to doyise the/ best ''method' -'for ! achieving these purposes; The practical ! result of Jtliat' Commission' was to niake're- ; serves ahio tinting to '23,000'acres:dut 'of a i total of 253,000 acres. That revenue' w&s; sufficient to provide an annual income of £30,PQ0;or £40,000 amongst ^-population ; of .2500 pr; thereabouts., ,,.The.. whole., of ;the Iand',confiscated;in.il8.65,would)not/at that time have been, worth ;Onerhalf , what the reserves proposed; to, be,, made would now, yield,,;;* The fact was vthati the un- ' learned incrementin \ \ in-, this; : - instance ' had been* produced-,, solely ; byuEuropean ' enterprise^ ;,:andr, i;W,h.at; f:',^vas,\'v;more; it was carried as against fihe, ?will! pf. the Natives there. It ywasn'decided.to,; place i these reserves in the hands, of the Public ' Trustee— a further guarantee that the trust would be. faithfully, administered. Subsequently the' House voted/'£50,000 for making road through that district, and he was happy to be ablo to bear testimony to. the fact that the vote -had been well spent. The object of these. roads -was to, promote the settlement of the country and facilitate the, operation of the, Armed Constabulary in preserving the .-, public peace. As regardod settlement, there were now about 1400 Europeans settled in the district. Ho next referred to the Maori fencing operations. He scouted the idea that these men wore actuated by a desire to have their case thrust on. the notice of a court of law. In further, token of that fact lie instanced a circum stance which occurred when To Whiti and Tohu were in prison. Legal assist ance was tendered to them, and upon the legal gentlemen visiting them in prison they wore found purusing the Book of Revelations for the avowed purpose of .ascertaining what next would take place. They would have no legal assistance, but preferred trusting results to the prophetic notion. The ploughmen and fencers were liberatod in the hope that this mild course would induce them to listen to reason. Such was not the case* .They returned ? to their old haunts, and became as defiant as ever. It was at such a. crisis as this that' tlie Government came to the conclusion that the thing would have to be grappled with. It had been said that they had showed a strong predisposition to war. He denied that. He had seoti the effects of Maori war on European settlements, and lie was most adverse to seeing those calamities repeated. He quoted from a speech made by Te Whiti inciting his followers ta armed resistance, and not 16 allow them selyos to be t'akeri'prisoners.. It;was true that as the 5th November* approached, that tone was modified-, but he contended that that was done in view of the firm' stand being taken by the' Government: What was done was' not in the direction of/provoking; a war, but- for the; express purpose of averting one. He 1. argued that this iriuster of ? Volunteers exercised a most salutary effects pn the Maori' mind, arid it showed conclusively that' there was a niost efficierit forco ready .to. assemble at a short notice for the comnibn'ipro tection. Te Whiti was now arraigned on the charge of sedition..'. 'Whether; that charge was prosecuted or ''licit' it would never do to allow him to go back5-' to Parihaka. It was in view- of j, that fact Government had brought down this bill to prevent- him' going back.' ' If- he went back the Maoris would be sure-ito re-assemble,: and 2000 or 3000 could not be assembled there without working some mischief. There was still a larc;e supply of food there, and nothing would prevent the Natives from assembling there in large numbers if Te Whiti returned. He had been blamed for destroying the po tato crop. If he had done his duty he would have destroyed a great deal more. All 'he destroyed was about 45 acres, which had been planted on land illegally fenced in. That was all he did, ? arid, the Natives quite understood that fact.. There was still n, great quantity of .potatoes there, and he had given facilities to the Natives to take them away. If this bill waa not passed the further responsibility would not rest with him, but on those who prevented its passage. The Bbrmagtji Mystery.— By our intercolonial telegrams last issue it would seem some light is likely to -be' thrown upon this mysterious affair, a telegram from Sydney, dated 19th June, stating that clues have at length been' found which lead to the suspicion that there was foul play. As many of our readers may have forgotten the particulars of the Ber magui mystery, or tragedy, as it promises to turn out, a repetition of the facts' will be road with interest at the present junc ture :— In October; 1880, a, party; consist ing of Mr. J. Lamont Young-: of the Government Geologist's Department; Xpw SouHi Wales, and; three others, aturced in a boat from- Bermagui, a place/ on I the coast 247 miles south' of Sydney, for 'the Clyde.' - Two days' afterwards the'-'boat was' discovered on the beach stpv'e'intwo ploca's. Further- investigation ^led! to the discovery of a bullet embedded! in: the stern-sheets and two others1 in the bottom of the boat, although as far as was known the party 'had rip firearms. 'A' strip of shirting and what was supposed !to; be a portion of -human remains were 'after wards found washed up on the beach .'close towhere the boat was found;' From that day to this, although the New -South -Wales Government and the relatives of Mr. Young:sparedno efforts to' discover whlat! had: become/ of the; i missihgi men, their fate had remained a' mystery.1 vm .'-.-;:?; ?- 'The : Supposed ?Bushkanqeks.-i! i— i a Sydney telegram' dated June' 18th;'.says;: -^'_'Ihtelligence has been received! from Girilambone-arinouncing'; the capture 'of 'a manj'kriown -as Tommy 'the;; Amoler, ad escaped Bourke prisoner, who was said to have -been-: 1 organising'; a'-; gangf'6f (bush- rangers.' .The police/after chasing him a distarioe^otVnine ' miles,- accoiriplishe'd his arrest.' 'A' six- chamber revolver, was^found iri/his possession.^ Two others'Pf;the;8urii. posed gang were Bubse'quehtlyarrestecl by 'a'ip'oli'ceman af'Nymageei'n: The ,gahg'are SaM; to have been jcompletely'-brokeniupi' Wild Wright was saids'to^be a'mate ot )Tpmmy!s,' but .there was no.fo.audation :for the statement. 