THE POLICE AND THE TELE PHONES. Wo would auggosfc to the Superin tendent of Police in charge of tho Mol boumo district tho adoption of a more extensive use of tho tolopnone in commo tion with police arrangements. We believe that tho ofucor in question has already taken advantage of tho invention : to connect the principal stations with each other, and that a constable at a suburban station wishing to communloate with headquarters can do so, and receive his answer in a very few minutes. But though this is sufficient to raeot tho inter nal requirements of the force, there ia still room for improvement. A dis turbance frequently takes place at a locality where there happens to be no policeman on duty at the actual time of tho occurrence. It is not tho fault of the police arrangements that this should be so. It is itnposaiblo fora constable to be ubiquitous, and in tho present numori cally weak stato of the Force it is all a man can do to get through his boat satis factorily. But there should cortainly be some means by which the nearest police station could be communicated with, and assistance afforded at once. Only the other day a rathersorious row took place in one of our suburbs, and before a mes senger could reach the nearest station considerable damago had boon done. Tho appearance of the pclico at last soon settled the matter, but had it been pos sible for them to arrive ou tho scene sooner much inconvenicnco might have been saved. In our opinion tho extension of the telephone would remedy this evil. An apparatus might be nut up in certain buildings, respoctable hotels, &c.t; throughout tho city and suburbs, and connected with the different stations, so that the police might (be sum moned without a messenger having to be sent a considerable distanco. We aro sure that the adoption of this plan would be highly convenient, both to the police and tho public, aud wo trust that tlio City Superintendent will see his way clear to recommend it to the Chief Commissioner. As for the other promised reforms in the force, thoy aro, we suppoBO, still In tho embryo. It may bo tho opinion of soma who have given evidence before the Com mission that thero are too many officers, bat thoy are alone in tho possession of the idea. At present tho force is incon veniently undor-oflicerod, and thia uni doubtedly is tbo caase of somo of .the . recent scand&ls; which havo taken place. As was to be expected the Derbyshire eleven have been beaten easily by the Australian cricketers'. On a damp wicket tho colonials made tho fine score of 202, although the last five wickets fell for 34 ruQs. This shows that the bowling and fielding could not have been first- class, at least at the commencement of the innings. Tbo county eleven were only able to make 100 in their first innings, and 77 in the second, and therefore they were beaten in ono innings with 109 runs to spare. There is nomatch on the programme for the 14tbti loth, and lGtb of Juno, bat those days will probably be devoted to a return match with the Oxford University team which the Aus-j trali&ns; previously defeated by nine wickots'. ' In another column will be found a letter from Mr John Conway in reference to tho' Cricket Scandal. It will be Been that he fully: investigated the charges at the time they were , made, and could find no corroborative testi mony. In fact Mr Conway, in commonwith i all who choose to think for a few moments, . does not believe there is the slightest founda l tion for the rumor, ' ; . i The Mayor of Brunswick introduced' a deputation to the honorable tho. Minister of. Lands to-day, to. ask. ..that .the. .road; which it was proposed should be made through the ;grpund ;.at the Mode,' Farm, which was offered for saIq but with: drawn by direction of the Legislative Assembly > should beat once proclaimed. . The. road In' question is to be named Oak Street, and will connect the Flomington road; with the western portion of Brunswick. The Minister said that be thoroughly sympa thised with tho objects sought by the deputa-, tion, but ho would require to make some: further inquiries before causing the proclama tion to bo made. u ) A meeting of the local bodies interested .in the Victoria street bridge is to be held r in tho Town Hall, Richmond, this evening, at eight o'clock. Somo short time since tho Town Clerk of Brunswick (Mr R, Burnell) forwarded a document to the Chief Secretary, pointing out defects In the Legislative Council Act, 1831, in connection with compiling the rolls under its provisions, and also pointing out tho oxtra expense that will be incurred by municipal bodies in obtaining the particulars required. At the meeting of the borough council last evening a communication was received from the Chief Secretary's office forwarding copies of opinions given by tho Attorney-General on the points raised, and stating that, with regard to the question of expenses incurred in complying with the provisions of tbo Act, tho Government will be prepared to givo full consideration to any case where it is shown that the obtaining of the additional particu lars required ha3 neccssa i!y involved the municipal body in oxtra ou .. ay. The probabilities of a general election arc already being discus is mentioned as a likely candidate for Foots- cray and efforts are being m&de; to induco Mr Croker, solicitor to become a candidates for Willi&m8town.; TheMuniripal Councils of Brunswick, Foots cray, Williamstown, Coburg,. Flomington, and Kensington arc invited by the Esaendon Council to join in a doputation to tbo Minister of Railways with a viow of obtaining imme diate connection by rail of tbo Flinders and Spencer streets Railway Stations. 3 be plea of guilty to achargo of murder which was mode yesterday by tho girl Emily Wfito in the Ceutwl Criminal Court, I only tho second instance in the history of the colony iu which a person charged with niurdor Iish pleaded guilty. ' ' v \- The caso of the Pilot -Loiseau, whioh ' camo ,on for hearing bofora his llonoc Judge Quinlan this morning, presented somo peculiar features, being tho first case of the kind that has occurod in the colony. Tho pilot ,, was charged with haviug been drunk whilst in chargo of tho ship Melanopo,' which wout -'ashore in tho South Channel, aud tho Pilot Board held an inquiry in Jauuary last. Tho board decided that tho chargo had beon proved, and cancelled Loi seau's license, and dismissod him from tho service. His solicitor at onco gave untico of appeal, under tho provisions of the Willi scctlou of tho PasseugorH, Harbors, and Navigation Act. Subsequently iufluentially Bignod petitions from tho residents of Quoeus cliff and tho ship uers of Molboumo wero forwarded to . Executive, - bearing testimony of Loisoau's liabilities as a pilot, and expressing surprise at the decision of tho Board. ' Tho Cabinst referred tho matter to Judge Quintan, Sinco tbo previous proceed ings the captain of tho Molanope, who. was the real prosecutor in tho caso, and tbo moBt of his witnesses, bavo left the colony and consequently it is impossible to obtain viva voce testimony. Again, tho Act whioh makes duo provision for the appeal doos not provido any machinery for the subsoquon proceedings, aud consequently tho arrange- , incuts aro loft entirely in tho bauds of thi gentleman who, for tho timo being, reprosont tho Governor-in-Council. Indeed; itisdoubtfu whether, strictly speaking, tho Pilot Board ha any.tnoro locus standi boforo tho, tribunal than a bench of magistrates would when thoir decislo was appoaled against. Judge Quinlan decided that tho sworn depositions takon boforo tho' Board should bo received as ovidcuco, and that tbo Board should bo ' represented by counsel, and this appeared to give general satisfaction, but it is to bo regretted that the acceptance or rejection of ovidonco taken by a practical tribunal, and the right of that tribunal to support.its decisions, should be left an open question, to .be decided from time to time, as occasion may require. The Act which gives tho right of appealshould certainly specify tho mode of procedure, : Nightingale v. Smithies wasjan action heard in the County Court to day, in which Edward Nightingalo, of Fitzroy, fancy box manufac turer, sought to recover L99 19s 9d damages from William J. Smithies and E. J. Arm strong, trading undor the style of Smithies and Armstrong, of Flinders lane, boot manufac turers, for breach of agreement. Mr . Hood, i#tructed by Mr Briggs, appeared for tho plaintiff; Dr Madden, instructed .jiy Messrs Fanner and Darval, on bohalf of. th.q '^defen dants. Tho plaintiff's case was that bo had agreed with the defendants to take > tho upper fiat of thoir. store, in Flinders lanej at a monthly tenancy. Tbo plaintiff took down his machinery, and fixed it on tho premises, the operation occupying three weeks. Whcti everything was ready Smithies told plaintiff tho landlord objected to any hammoringgoiog on in tho building, and ha was afraid that hd could not carry out the. agreement. The morning after this conversation tho 'plaintiff found the doors of tho promises loclrod, and was prevented from getting insido. -.Tlio de fence was. .that, the premises were let to the plaintiff on the distinct understanding that no hammering should go on in the building, . and that the defend ants gave the plaintiff f notice ftbat the validity of the contract entirely doponded on the acquiescence of tho landlord, who, how ever,, ultimately . .objected. .His . Honor; Judge Cope, entered a verdict for the plaintiff, awarding bim one shilling damages, with Li 13s 6d costs, . > r ! The release motion in tho insolvent ostate of HigginB and Wright, ol South Yarra, con tractors, was adjourned to-day at Mr Bra- ham's request to 14th July. > Mr Montague Cohen appliod to his Honor Judge Nool to-day for release in the insolvont estate of. John Solomon of Melbourne, drapery and furniture dealor,. His Honor granted the application - The estate paid Ss in tho pound. The Warden at Ararat reports that thoro is expectation that the wash, will be struck in the Deep Lead in about three weeks' time, and that there is a little work going on in thoothcr alluvial diggings, Otherwiscmining Is dull, . The foremen of water borers report that nt the Volcano Reserve, . Swanwater, No. 2 bore has struck a small supply of water at 57 feel from snrfaco, and No, 3 has also obtained water fit for stock at 64 feet. At Sheep Hills the bore has keen Bunk 57 feot. These ex plorations may be regarded as conclusively proving the existence of an enormous body of water underlying the whole oT the previously comparatively arid St. Arnand and Wimmera districts. The out' lot of this immenso underground sea is gener ally believed to bo the mysterious |Bluo Lake, in the vplcnnic craters of Mount Gambier, the bottom of which has never yet been fatbomedj Tbe Licensed Yictuallors'lball in tho Town Hall on tbe 12th July promises to bo moat enjoyable. Yoar after year theso annual asJ sembltce have grown in public favor, till last year the accommodation afforded by the Athentuum was found to be inadequate to the demands upon it, and a chango of locale to the Town Hall became necessary. Wo under stand that the ball will be elegantly decorated with flags, flowers, shrubs, fountains, &c.;, and that music of tbo highest cIubs will be pro-, vided. 'The thorough knowledge of what viands and liquors, should he that the com mittee necessarily possess Is a sure guarantee that tbe supper, &c.;, will, bb usual, bo most recherche In every respect. ' His Excellency the Governor has accorded his patronage, and' a similar honoris expected from the members of the Ministry, the Mayor, fix,, The profits of the ball go to the fund, for endowing the Licensed Victuallers' almshouses. Tbe Bishop of Melbourne Dr Moorhouso, j performed the rite of Confirmation last night i at St. Judo's Church, Carlton, when .thirty, young people of both sexes from St. John's aud : between fifty and sixty from St. Judo's wore. confirmed, The church was well filled, and the Bishop delivered a very excellent address to tbo young peoplo on theduty which bo had to perform, and they to -.follow. Constable Delop, stationed at North Wil liamstown, reports that a man named M'Donald saved a valuable horse from a watery grave in the Yarra near the punt. Tho animal appeared to have strayed from Sand- rige, and endeavoring to swim across the rivor become exhausted. With difficulty it was taken on shore, and bos now been identified as belonging to a resident of Sadridge. A man named John Dover was this morn ing fined L5, or one month's imprisonment, for neglecting to appear at tho Williamstown Folico Court on a summons, charging him with using indecent language in a public place. Constablo Morgan stated that tho caso bad boen adjournod for ono week to allow of defendant appearing. The presiding magis trates said thoy would not allow such conduct to pass by without punishment, and fined defendant as above. Some amusement was created at the Folico Court Williamstown, this m'orning, by tho eccentric manner of Miss Johanna Noville, who had been summoned for using indooont languago within the hearing of porsons. Whon Constable Delop got into tho witness box defendant called . him a — rogue, and because .Bho did not make him a present, as others did- now and then, he bad a down on her.- The presiding magistrates smiled and after caution ing defendant several times as to her behavior, 1 at laat fined her L2 or fourteen days Imprison meat for contempt ' of court. The original summons for indooont languago was held over for fourteen days. - Dofeudaut wout away laughing aud refused to pay the fine. — According to the Ballarat Courier a claim in Ballarat East is said to be haunted. An apparition, in figure a man, and in antics a mischievous school-boy, has from time to time visited this claim at midnight, variously, during tho past two or three years, and entertained the men on the premises at the time of its visits by means of a brisk bombard- ment with rocks, and its own sudden and mysterious disappearance whenever chased. The men did not at first take much notice of these visits, but the manner in which the visitor eludes discovory or capture has been too much for their equanimity. The wizard bombardier does not, like the perturbed spirit of Hamlet's father, walk the night with regularity and seem inclined to speak, but comes irregularly and heaves stones, and has not yet been encountered by the men who would like to just get their hands on it once. The minors have chased it often, but at the moment they are overtaking it, it suddenly disappears until some of them begin to think that it is the devil himself that is worrying hem so. Their eager pursuit after this will-o'- the-wisp has resulted in their catching the wrong man more than once, only discovering the mistake in time for the captive to escape a belaboring. It is an exhilarating sight to see half a dozen men scampering over the mullock heaps round the claim, yelling, and in wrathful exclamations, wishing the visitor where the wraith of the Prince of Denmark's papa passed his days according to his own most verascious time table for daily and nightly occupation. It must be a joyous time for the Ballarat East ghost, seeing it so far has es- caped any penalty, but if this meets its eye it will do well to take a bit of advice—keep out of the way of the miners as carefully as of yore. If they fairly get the spirit once it will be unrecognisable by its own family circle for some time afterwards— or their magnani- mity will be memorable. Writing in tho American Navy Review, Commander H. Gerringe says:— The immen- sity of our coast line, the proximity of Bermu- da and Halifax, where the British maintain large naval establishments equal to any we possess, the long voyages necessary to effect a reinforcement of our Pacific fleet by a detach- ment from the Atlantic and the inverse, combine, with the foregoing considerations relative to our foreign relations, to demonstrate conclusively that an efficient naval force is essential to the welfare of tho United States. That the vessels now on our navy list are useless for any operations of modern warfare is conclusively proven by an analysis of the report of the Advisory Board, which reveals a condition of the navy far worse than even naval officers themselves had anticipated. Whoever reads the report and accompanying documents, and compares the qualities of our naval vessels with those of other nations, must be impressed with the fact that our naval force concentrated at one point of our coast would be inadequate to defend it against the attack of a fleet of modern war vessels. Louise Pomeroy takes her farewell of Mel- bourne to-night, in the School for Scandal, and the public would like to hear a little speech from her at the end of the screen scene, which winds up the fourth act. The piece is fairly cast, and cannot fail to be enjoyable. It is undoubtedly the best comedy in the English language, and even excels Shakspeare in this line. Dampier reappears to-morrow. Richelieu was repeated last evening at the Bijou Theatre, before a large, and well-pleased audience. Mr Dewhurst's splendid acting as the Cardinal was enthusiastically applauded, and the graceful, sympathetic performance of the role of Jule do Mortemar, by Miss Roland Watts Phillips, elicited the warmest expres- sions of approval. Mr Arthur Elliott, as De Mauprat, played with great spirit and inte gence, and created a most favorable im- pression; and Mr E. B. Russell's Baradas was a careful and effective performance. The rest of the characters in the cast were well sustained. Richelieu will be produced to-night, for the last time, and to-morrow evening The Merchant of Venice and Catherine and Petru- chio will be played. The legal profession give their special patronage to a representation of the Grass- hopper at the Princess's this evening. The Hewetts will continue their entertain- ments at St. George's Hall until further notice, having been so well received. The enter- tainment is well worthy of extensive patron- age. The Mechanics Institute, Williamstown, was packed in all parts last evening— over 800 persons being present— to witness the perfor- mance of the Lynch Family of Bellringers. The third of the series was promised for Thursday next. Messrs Gemmell Tuckett and Co. will sell by auction to-morrow a number of valuable books. Intending nominators are reminded that nominations for the Abbotsford and Melton Coursing Club's St. Leger, with one guinea entrance, close at 9 p.m, to-night, at Cody's Ab otsford Hotel. A friendly shooting match took place at Sampson's Royal Hotel on Thursday, 15th inst. between teams captained by Messrs Stut and Sampson. Stut's team came off victorious by 8 points. A return match will be shot on Tuesday evening, tho 20th inst., at 8 o'clock sharp at Stut's Hotel, Clarendon Street, Emerald Hill. Members are requested to meet for practice on Monday next by order. 