NORTH V.. SOUTH CRICKET MATCH. (B' ELEcTaRq TELEGcHII.) HonAnT, Doo. 26. The North v. South match commenced to day at the upper cricket ground,andat pro lent the game appeare very equal. Play. commenced at 11'20"a.m., and at the conclusion of one innings each the South led by 57 runs. However, in their seconid attempt the anolietrnere have noteahaped so well, six wickets being down for 76 runs. The- wiolcet was very true, but played fast. Mansfield bowled excellently for the North in the first innings, securing six wickets for 71 runs, as did R. Same in the eccond. Maxwell's performance with the ball for the South wasesplendid, taking 7 wickets for 17 runse. . V. Blttler played well for 30 in the firut innings. Harris and Gatehouse also batted really well, Harris not making a single mistake. In the second innings Gatehouse stayed what threatened to be a slaughter of his side, and has 17, not out. For the North, Martin wAS specially unfortunate, being caught at leg, after scoring one; the hit was a magnificent, one, being secured alongside the chaiir ., Arthur played. the snout correct cricket of the day, his hitting being clean and low, making 33 without a ghost of a chance. Mansfield's 24. was also got by good play, and Douglas was lucky in his innings for 24. The fielding of the northerners was greatly admired, contrasting very favourably with their opponents, whose throwing was at times a little erratic, Arthur especially fielding grandly, and was applauded repeatedly throughout the innings for his smartness. The arrangement was made that over the chains should count five, and through four. The attendance was very poor, owing to counter attractions, not more than 250 being. present. His Excellency the Governor arrived at 5 15 p.m., remaining for a short time. Messrs. D. C. COuthbert and H. Evans were umpires, and Mr. NV. C. Eltham was scorer. Mr. E. H. Butler captained the South, and Mr. J. Martin occupied a similar position for the North. Butler elected to bat, sending C. W. Butler and E. Maxwell to the wickets at 11.20 a s , at which the northerners gave tihe cus. toinary choers. R. Sams bowled from the southern wicket to Butler who scored a single off the fourth ball. Mansfield bowled from the opposite wicket, Butler driving the first ball for. two. Butler out Sams for two, then hit the following ball for a similar number. Maxwell broke his egg by hitting Mansfield nicely to log for a single. This batsman had been playing very cautiously, but now hit users freely, driving Sami for two and a single in succession, bringing 10 on the board. Theascoring was now more rapid, Butler bringing up 20 by a hard drive olf Mansfiold. Samse then howled his first maiden, but was badly lot off by Maxwell in the lost ball which should have lecnit a full tess by a lit to log. untler Iluked Sams up in slips for a double. L Same then relieved Masnlield at the northern wicket, Mdawell spoiling hiis maiden by getting n single ofi' R. Sante, The next over Butler brought up the score to 30 by a drive for two. Maxwell put 'L. Sapnis's first ball of his third over tip in slips just out of the fieldemaei's resse,, scoring twos and hrtiughlt up the seitri to 40 next bull by a neat drive. The last ball of It. Same's tilnth over took Max. well's wicket, the board eltowing 1-15 41\. The butenutu had plai'ed ii careful innings of 40 minitos. liarris filled the vacanuy, Manslield again taking the ball from Is. Sams, Butler outting the seooisl ball cloanly for two, treating this next ball similarly. Iharris opened the iii titigs by breaking his hat in scuring a single, Butler gttiig the next ball to' log for is double, luntling the next lluikily to log for i sintilii bringing 60 ip by snickintg Itlaanslfeld e lint for two. L. Sams relleved his brother at the southltct cnd, and shortly after llsrrie playing hiiim fora single'brughlt 110 itv the bosards. Off the frst ball of Manelsil1ls tenth over hl tsokButler'swicketwitl is leatty,working from o iland hangiug. littler plhyod at good innings, being tat iie wiekiuts exactly sn hour, only having given sno eelance a very hot ino, to L. Sanis eil' Mantafield. The board showed 2-311-113 when hloddait went in, coituelnsig at once to score Iutl with LItrrs imide siie start runnink betwoon the wickets, bringing the number up to 70. L. Sams now 1 changed wickets, going on at the northern I end, and Mannsfieldboowling at the southern 1 ond. Boddam gave a dillicuit chance to It. L Same off L. Sams, but being refused two I were scored. The next ball again fluked v up for two, the board registering 80. G. E Arthur, by a splondid piece of lielding, a saved a 4 to Harris, credit being loudly r eccorded. L. Sams's eleventh over was a D muaiden. Boddaon got his first 4 by hitting' full toss from Mansfield through the s chains to leg, bringing up .00. Immoedi- t ately after Boddamn fell.a victim to tie t excellent fielding of G. Arthur, his n wicket being put downi by Martin while c attempting it sharp run. Tel.,3-22-95. r Kirby took the vacated position, r Mansfield sending down a maiden. I Kirby becan scoring by hitting c hard across for a double, but was thln e bowled by Mansfield with a break-back. I Tel., 4-2-07. Gatehouse joined I Harris, who was playing thorough cricket, t bringing 100 up by a double from Sams The century was received in the usual i manner. Gatehiouse opened with af single off Mansfield, and the next ball ine placed in slips for a double. Harris 1 drove Sams well for three, bringing up c 110 by a' couple off M simaildg- Sanms took Harris's bails in his sixteenth I over, the ball working well from off, rising quickly and taking tine bails. I Harris played a splendid innings being at the wickets or. hour and ia quarter without a chance hoing given. Tel: 5-24-113. M'Leod had a short life I after scoring 3, as he spooned Mansfield up towards point ; Archer running in senured'it. Tel., 0-3-11i. Kendall's life was shorter still, Mansfield clean bowling him by hin first ball. Tel ' 7- 1 0-110. Tine teams then retired for luncheon at E. H. Butler and Gatehouse resumed at 2 o'clock,.Butler scoring two off Mans fisld's'second ball, followed by a single, Gatehouse bringing 120 up by:two off: to Mansfield, followed by a neat cut r for three. In Sams's next over Butler hit him to log through the chains, the~board showing 130. L. Same being treated with too much freedom retired in favour of his brother, the score quickly amounting to 110. Shortly after thiso Gatehouse retired, being bowled by an I undeniable one from Mansfield. Tel.,8- 1 14-145. M'Allen faced Mansfield, tak ing tise remainder of the over without scoring. Off Mansfield's-25th over Butler lot out at a tempting one and gave Lucas a chance at long-on, who accepted it, the t telegraph registering 0-19-146. Lovett was the last mac, and M'Allen brought up 150 by a cut for two, narrowly escap ing being run out. Lovett then out Sams for three, .M'Allen driving him for the . same. . Lovett hit -Manfieldi to off, bringing 160 up, getting tlie .next ball to leg for three. Lovett brought the innings to a close by placing one from R. Sams into L. Sams's hands at mid-off. Tel., 10-11."166. The innings closed at 2.45 p, m. After rolling the wicket Martin and Arthur.left the pavilion ntt3 5to repro sent the North, Kendalnlogening from the northern cnd oto, Marlin, who -made a single off tie second ball. Kirby bowled from the. opposite end, and the third ball Martin hit grandly to square leg, being equally well caught by M'Leod at the chains. Mansfield followed, and enicked I Kirby's last ball in slips for three, bring. ing 10 up, Arthur cutting and driving Kendall for twoeaclin'euccession, treating Kirby similarly. Runs came freely. al though Kendall's third over was a maiden, Arthur bringing up 20 by placing Kendall neatly in slips for two. Mansfield drove Kirby's last ball of the next over for two, hitting Kendall nip for a similar number, bringing 30 up. Mansfield out Kirby for two, driving the next ball to the chains, and bringing 40 up. Arthur snicked Kendall for two, and then Mansfield hit him over the chains. Maxwoll then took Kirby's place, and bowled Mansfield first ball. *Tel.,.2-24-48, Mansfield played well, without giving a chance, being bowled , with a beautiful ball. working well from leg. Lawrence went in only to return immediately, being bowled second ball. Tel. 3-0-48, Hobkirk walked to the wicket and back again, bowled first ball. Douglas was the next man, and took the remaining two balls without scoring, being a maiden for three wickets. Arthur drove Kendall for a single, Douglas cutting the next ball for two, bringing 50 up. Arthur con tinued to score and 60 was brought up by him by a nice drive for a single off Ken. dall, treating Maxwell similarly. Runs coming too rapidly, Butler put M'Leod on Kendall's wicket, Arthur driving his second ball for two, tipping the following ball to log for a single, Douglas bringing up70next ballby a singletoleg.Off fifth ball Arthur was caught and bowled after play ing first-class cricket for an hour without giving a chance. Tel., 5-33-71. Archer filled tine breach, taking the re maininig ball of the over, and Maxwell then delivered a maiden to Douglas, who let him off twice to leg. Off M'Leod's first ball Archer scored one, Douglas dr ving the next ball far two, cutting the following ball for the same, and the fourth ball for a single, Archer getting a single off thie last, bringing 80 up on the board. Maxwell's third ball of the sixth over clean bowled Archer's midd!o stump with a shooter. Tel., 6-2-80. Lucas filled the vacancy, and M'Leod having got rid of the dangerous Arthur gave place to Kirby, two singles being scored off his first over, and a leg hit to the chains being got oif Maxwell's next by Douglas, the board alsow. ing 00. Kirby not giving satisfaction gave way to Kendall, Lcucan sending lets fifth hail to the ehaina by a fins forward drine, pssttisng 100 nap. Doeglan continued scoring, cutting Mnnxwell for 2, and driv ing tile snoxt boll for the sanie, bnut Keasdall thuni took his revenge, bowling Lecas cleverly. Tel., 7 -13 -104. U. Sioms toed thoe crease, asnd opened lila shounlders ilnanindietely to Kesidali, send. lag the first ball over tins chaisis, bist Maxwell look his leg stumspi siths tine first ball of hisl eleventh over. Tel., 8-6-1100. R. fians took the wicket vacated by lila brother, bust slid not trouble tine scorer, Maxwell bowling him atthse seceind boll. Cesmnrens waa the sast man, Malixsell boswling his off slssssp at tine flint ball, Douglas tlius carrying Isis hat out fer 24, asid the issnings clesisg at 4*40 psin. 'h'ii pitch sian agaiss roilesi, ansd at fire o'clock 0. lustler sand 81'Allenn went to tine wiekete, the foriser taking .sns over fro lieu nallstild, scorinig a isingle otY tine seoonsd bolli anii It. Siams boivling at tine Isoistheris wihet. huller slogged at the loot bull, whsicin workinig inn sloly took Isis olf stmp Mesaiefile's snecosnl sisi third overs were ,saidenis, bnst eof his nsexi, honeirer, lustier lilthlimi high to osn to tise cinaisis. famine' noeosl bail of hisl feurths over eleoss bonled M'nAllens. Tel., 1-Il-lU. Hhereis tosok Isis place, inlusylg Isis lint hail freomn flsans hsard his elf, inhere it wans well fielded isy -Hlobkirk; the secolli isoli siseenisg susavlr Iboiwled bliss, anei thu thissn sihetinig fnset slehivrere Isis wichel.. 'I'd,, 'J-0-10. lied. Sdews folloised, takisig Sotuse's lest tush Sthis bsisig a nsaidess ever. Thutler Idaceel filansileli islely tes l'g leer twne, hsitiing -the oast bnnil sil tine susse inner basil sis fur a three. RI. Sfines hewls'l sassiser nisileles Snod ltne risngsewrs, isosi censisisg siovi Stine batnssess beisig '.5 senhisates isa jitei r20 russ togeilser, tine' plul h'mlsg sssensu' .tonisus. Ildeuddi lilt '~niatlinsiee tel ly1sig fieold - ii, lust ltelus slier sllsrliing fer it siopeilise ueiiteiteel inwith toking it elm tinhie'hp. hioser theis Sput the sense ilewicr to lih'e'hinseiiiric~ty Iit, bu1t the boll sworkilug a'n55 ?ehrtln elim sueot neccelil the oiitaiuei if sio h eiiiiii biss 'fe Thiebtsese' seeiw inieein thhiIsis eeo .lively, asni lustier restlisnel illis ii' Midusi h old, a 5115n5 onie, hut isiiseiugii ineli tIs-ed >fur lee laileel tei ielel It Iltee unst hsai, ishowever, goiing ini ii a tenpteir Issiint the mimetn bowler iso was etsisinpcd my Merlin. Tel., 3--17-32. T. 1H. Butler took his brother's place, driving the first ball from Mansfield to the chains, but the second ball of I. Same's tenth over clean bowled Boddam. ; Tel., 4-11-3fl. B. Maxwell was the next man, and soon after hit Sams wall to leg for two, bringing up the score to . 40. Gatehouse was the next man, and made a single off Mansfield, Butler driving tie next ball to. off to tihe chains, and some smart run singles brought up 60 on the board. Mansfield then bowledi a maiden to Waterhouse, and Buoler after wards drove Samn through the chains to off, Mansfield's next over being another maiden. Cameron now relieved Sans, and Butlir driving him for a single brought up the score to 60, but was then clean bowled by a yorker, after the pro vious ball shaving his wicket. Tel., 0 14--60. M'Lood followed, and Gate house pat Mansfield to the chains, and then M'Lood commenced by anicking Cameron for 2, and cutting the last bal for a single. Gatehouse again hit Mans; field to the chains, and the board. regis. tored 70. The same batsman hit the last ball of the over over. his shoulder to tits chains. -The stumps were drawn at 6.15 p.m. according to agreement, and the match will be resumed to-morrow. The follow ing are the scores NOnTnenN TASMANIA. First Innings. J. St. Martin, a M'Lood, b.Mirby ... ., 1 0\. H. Arthur, a and b M'Lesd ... 33 J. Mansfield, s laxwell... ... 2 0\. Lawrence, e Mavwel. ... . F. 0. Hsbkirk, a Maxwell .. .. .0 0\. G; Douglas, not out.;. ... .. 24 T. 0. Archer, b Maxwell .., . . 2 E. Lucas, b Kendall ..... ... ... 18 L. Same, b Maxwell . ... 5 R. Suem, b Maxwell . ... 0 0\. Camsron, b Maxwell . 0 Sunde6s ... ... ... ... ... 7 , Total ... ....10 Bolwinig 'Aaalysie.-Kesdall,. 78 balls, 45 sunsi, 1maides;, 1 wicket; Klrbr, 48 balls, 30 runs, 1 maiden, 1 wicket; 3Macwall, 6t halls, 17 ,rase, 4 maidene, 7 wilcets; M'Leod, 12 balle, 10rune; 1w oke s . BOUTHERIN TASMANIA; 0\. W. Butler, b Mansfield 39 b annsfield 17 E. Maxwell, b i. Sams ... 13 b Rt. Same 0 V. Harris,.ls L. Sms .'. 24 b, R. Sama 0 E. 31: Boddam, run out ... 22 b t. Sams 11 Rt. Kirby, b Mansfield ... 14 not out ... 17 L. M'Leod, 5 Archer, b Mansfield . . 3 not out ... 3 T. Kendall, b Mansfield ... 0 E. H. Butler, a Lucas, b. . Mansfeld. .. ... .1 b Cameron 14 C. 3'Alloen;not out ... 0 b R. Sams 3 H. C. Lovett, a L. Sams, b R. Sams ... 11 Sundries ... 8 Sundries 8 \- Total,Owkti Total'... . 161 dews ... 76 Bowling Analysis.-R. Saem-SI balls, 41 runs, 1 maiden, 2 wickets ; Manifeld-162 balls, 7eruns, 3 maidens, 6 wickets; L. Sams 108 balls, 46 runs, 3 maides, 1 wicket. 