ENGLISH SKETCHES. NO. XXIX.-SALVATION ARMY DEVEPLOPMENTS. [From our LONDON Correspondent.] No faithful future historian of English social life in 1882 will omit elaborate reference to the Salvation Army movement. Springing originally from the patient unaided efforts of a single enthusiastic and sincere ????*?, who preceived a crying want in our system of re ligious and social education, and whose heart was moved to strenuous action by the sight of the neglected poor, ttrii Salvation Army hast now expanded to proportions truly enormous, and, gaining vital force as it proceeds, is exertiag an influence quite marvellous. The mass of the degraded and outcast, usually considered unimpressionable and intangible by better things, it has reached; and not simply reached, but also stirred to the very depths. Pursuing aims purely unselfish, and involving the utmost self- sacrifice and self-abasement on the part of its active propagators, it has enlisted the sympathies of the [poor and wretched, and, working by the power of love and devotion, has touched those chords of good and healthy sentiment which exist in even the lowest hearts, but which respond little to the appeals of fear and of cold exhortation. By going in amongst the most debased and compelling them to hear what they have to say ; by sub mitiing with an appearance of gladness to the ' vilestcontumelyofWhitechapelruffianiani; by ' owing converted drunkards &nd; criminals as ' engines of persuasion against their former associates; in a word—by their earnestness, patience, and sincerity, the Salvationists have been, and arc still increasingly, effect ing ends which must in the main command the sympathy of all lovers of broad morality. To accomplish these purposes the Salvationists hive had to employ means quite new ; tii c desperate disease of immorality and ixreligiouaness amongst the lower classes has called for desperate remedies. Consequently the methods which the Army has adopted— its processions, its banners, its hymns set to rollicking tunes of unsavory association, and above all its unrestrained licence of language in familiarising things sacred—have struck strangely and discordantly upon the ear o! the educated persons whose views the ordi nary pulpit and the press represent, and very diverse arc the opinions held respecting the mode in which the campaign of the Salvation Army is conducted. Many persons do not hesitate to loudly condemn the whole move ment as proniotivc of blasphemy ; others, more generous and less biassed by adhesion to constituted forms, admit the vast good which the Array is doing, but fear that the zeal of its adherents will land them eventually iv such extravagances as must make their proceedings, if not harmful, at least of bnt small moral effect. Probably the majority of Englishmen adopt the latter view. Extrava gance is the rock upon which the organiai- I tion is in danger of making shipwreck. In this article I propose to note, chiedy by way J of extracts, reasons for this apprehension, { and in & succeeding article to report a con versation with " General" Booth wherein he expressed to me some opinions as to the Army. At tins time, then, as to the latest develop ment of the Salvation movement. Every oue knows that the disciple frequently runs ahead of the teacher; the Salvation bands unques tionably have gone in advance of the measure of sensationalism with which the General set out; and it would seem—{l here give my per sonal impression and am in no wise repre senting General Booth's words]—that the leaders of the movement are being borne onwards by a tide of subordinate Zealand un restrained enthusiasm which they either can. not check or do not on the whole think it politic to seek to check. Each succeeding issue of the TJW Cry appears to excel its predecessor in the extravagant wildness of its allusions to and descriptions of the results of the Army work, and the contributors drive the conductors more and more rapidly akmg the road of sensationalism, tinged with bhtsphemsi just as a runaway railway engine with constantly accelerating speed draws after Jt, willing or unwilling, the carriages behind. The aim of the Salvationists, who in myriad numl^--; ai.. ?.-.?-?i^ :u fc" throat vifc the country, ar;tar.- to tit- not to eia ploy such a measure o€ scnsatioTirili-n as shall sufficiently arouse attention, bat rather to achieve .the highest] possible height in the competition of BfftSfttionalism, quite irrespective of the actual needs of the case. Here is a specimen ef a placard posted recently at Bristol by the chief of the local "corps:" — "On Monday No. 3 Battery (Bristol) King's Boyals, who are bound for the better land, will bold the Thornbury Fort. Calvary's big gun will be manned by the united forces. Bed-hot shot and shell will be freely supplied from Heaven's ammu nition store. The attack will commence in the barracks at 7 p.m., when Major Sowerbyi will conduct a holiness fusil lade, assisted byJCaptain Nilson and others. At 5 p.m. a teapot parade ; tickets 3d. each. At 7 p.m. songs, solos, sermons. The Saviour will offer salvation to seeking sinners. The war will be continued by the local battery until the Judgment Day." This is unquestionably extravagant; if the authors of it were not men who, like the Puritans of 200 years ago, are "terribly in earnest," and who have sacrificed everything for the move ment in token of their sincerity, we should call it a burlesque. But here is another specimen concerning which a controversy has arisen in the Times. Canon Girdlestone, of Bristol, declares that the words were saen by him in a War Cry, but he destroyed the paper "lest its blasphemy should come into the bandsof his tamvty^ m*i **<Hnw <v?pntlyhff can* not give proof positive on the point. General Bcotii denies that the lines ever appeared in the Wot Cry, y^ challenges their produc- * tion. Ths fact probaWy is, agreeably to what I have suggested that the words were used by the Bristol Salvationists without the direct authorisation of head-quarters. The words are the refrain of a hymn, suns to the tune of "We won't go home till morning," &c; I ask you, with reluctance, to print such lines, but it is necessary that they should appear :— " For H?'s a jolly good Saviour, For He's a jolly good Sarionr, For He's a jolly good Sartonr, ! Which nobody can deny." ' j Upon this point I will give the General's ?? personal explanation in my second article. One more illustration is from the War Cry of November 4. It professes to represent a "Salvation Spectacle" at the "Eagle" in the City-road, onja recent Sundaynight:—"No, L A Mary Magdalene, in appearance similar to the one from whom the Saviour cast out seven devils. She was clothed in rags and tatters* and while pleading and agonising for mercy Jesus of Nazareth passed by and set her tree. No. 2. A respectably-dressed lady was at her side pleading earnestly for mercy. No. 3. A young rough, with hair closely cropped, was screaming for mercy like a Turk. No. 4. A boy of about seven or eight years of age. It was a touching scene to see his little sister come and kneel down by his side, and with her arms round his neck point him to-Jesus. Nos. 5, C, 7, and & A group of deaf and dumb sinners, one of whom having been previously saved, through the alphabetical instruction of his wife, was during the service busily engaged ?with his hands and with earnest face, longing eyes, and quickly- moving fingers, interpre ting to his three deaf and dumb companions. When the invitation was given to the mercy seat he led them all forward, with joy beam ing on his face. He then in their own language pleaded with them, and pointed them to the Saviour, and when Jesus looked in compassion upon them and forgave them their joy was un speakable. They afterwards gave their testi? mony upon their fingers, which was interpre ted to tie congregation, while a HnnfiMiiwg shout of praise went up to heaven for the triumphs witnessed. The remainder of the penitent-fcrm was filled up with all sorts of sinners, and altogether one of the most thrill ing scenes ever witnessed took place." A form of extravagance which is perhaps not in itself specially undesirable, but which yet indicates an orerst?ained tendency,? shown by-a notice .ia the War Cry of November 9. In ancient times we rsadhow when the Roman Republic was hardpros?odialawwaipasscd tomsUiut U>? Might: wear t? tfce mmlttsr prapottiama, t? tne end that the treasury night be re plenished. General Booth has taken the bint; not oary does h? himself live with the utmost economy, and enforce the same rote of self-denial on hw officers, butf now he demands of his supporters the surrender of their ornaments. The War Cry notice says :—" More money urgently wantwi for rapid advances—Many of onr friends hare articles that they could well dispense with, such as ornaments, secular books, and a host of other things they delighted in before they got a full Salvation. Will they kindly look them up, sell them, and hand in the proceeds to head-quarters, London, for present neces sities ?' And here is a specimen of the out spokenness of tick Salvationists. Under the word "Beware," in big type, we read:— "Beware of a man calling himself William WhitfieltS, and bearing a pass front the Cheltenham Corps. On the strength of the pass we received him, and be was taken home by a brother who boarded him for a fortnight, when he decamped without paying his fort night's board, and without settling with others of whom he had borrowed money.— James Mitchell, secretary (Glasgow)." " Regular conferences of the "majors" of the various corps are held, and although the General maint^ina supreme authority in true autocratic s'yle he listens to the suggestions of his active fellow-workers. Becently it has been decided to start a system of Salvation Army auxiliaries. The published notice says:—" The more rapid have been the ad. vances of the Army the more numerous have been the misrepresentations and slanders of our enemies, who have often succeeded only too effectually thereby in preventing the liberality of those who would otherwise have gladly helped us. The object of this league is to link our friends in one united body to defend and assist in supplying &v; increase of funds to carry forward the precious work of saving souls, with which we are determined wholly to occupy ourselves, no 'matter what may be said or done around us. The auxiliaries will help to preserve us in this single-eyed devotion to the great charge com mitted to us by prayer and sympathy, the publication of facts, and by cither col lecting not less than ten shillings per quarter, or subscribing annually one guinea- Those who become members of the league, however, are not necessarily pledged to ap prove all the methods and measures adopted by the Salvation Army, or to endorse all it teaches, but as being in hearty sympathy with the objects of the Army, and convinced of the reality and magnitude of the results of the movement in the salvation of thousands of the people. It is our intention to supply every member of this league wiih a smill monthly leaiict, containing details o£ the Army's latest advances, the acquisition of property, and contradictions and explana tions of the more recent and important mis representations concerning us. We shill furnish the collectors with cards, besting the official authorisation and recognition of hcacT quartcrs, and the subscribers with tickets, indicating their membership of the auxiliary force. We are trusting: that by this scheme we shall raise a permanent and large income for the Army, and above all sccire the earnest and united prayers and co-operation of thousands of our friend*. May we put down your name as one of them?— Yours faithfully, Wili.hm Booth." Theincomeof the Army is already large; for the current year it will probably be i.70,030. Bat so rapidly are the operations of the Army ex tending that new demands incessantly arise. Nor are large donations wanting. Recently a well-wisher gave £2,000, and the army at once began to erect a local hall to cost £4,033. A favorite plan is to appeal to supporters for loans towards building halls "at fair in terest." Perhaps one of the greatest causes of the success of the movement is the admirable energy which is thrown into its financial arrangements by the General. It would be easy to give columns of quota tions in illustration of the tendency towards extravagance on the oue hand and of the vast amount of real good being achieved on the other hand. Perhaps an extract from an address by the Bishop of Lincoln will not be amiss : — " Zict us not be angry with the Salvation movement. Let us admire and imitate its zeal; and let us examine ourselves. The 'Salvation Army.' h& practical rebuke to us aIL We call our selves a Catholic, Apostolic Church. Bnt what is theresult of our work? look at our own diocese. In the year ISSO the numberj confirmed in Nottingham and its suburbs, containing a population of 18S.000 souls, amounted only to 651 persons. In the year ISSI they amounted to 52S persons; in both cases the far greater proportioH were females. A similar tale would be told by other great towns. And the spiritual condition of England and Wales in this respect has been already described. This being the case we need not be surprised that a form of religion like that of the * Salvation Army should have appeared among us, and should nave produced a marvellous impression on our people. What then is to be done '( Arc we to surrender our principles, and to accept a form of religion which preaches Chris tianity without a church, without a ministry, without creeds, without sacraments, without any* definite sense of Holy Scripture—in a word, without the means of grace instituted by Christ, and by which the Holy Spirit has vouchsafed to work for eighteen hundred years? No; this we cannot do. We cannot accept such a religion as sets at naught these principles, and declares that it does not design or desire to gather persons together into the fold of Christ's church, but forgets Christ's prayer that all may be one as He and the Father are one (John xvii. 21); and disobeys those pre cepts which are set down by the Holy Spirit, speaking by the Apostle St. Paul in the fourth chapter of his Epistle to the Ephesians, declaring that unity ia the mystical body of Christ is the aim and end of all true Evangelisation. We cannot accept such a form bf religion as teaches people, especially at its 'holiness meetings,' sometimes it is to be feared, tainted by the licentious sensuality of gnosticism, to think that they can snatch salvation by some spasmodic act of personal self-assurance, and which seem? to substitute religious emotions and paroxysms—produced by sensational music— and rapturous ecstasies aad enthusiastic rhapsodies, intermingled with the holiest names and most sacred words, set to the tune of comic ballads and caught up by children playing in the streets, so as to grieve and provoke the Holy Spirit by irreverence and profaneness, leading to impiety and it may be to blasphemy. We cannot accept such things in the place of sound faith and holy worship, and of patient perseverance in well doing, and of 'steadfast continuance in the AposQes* doctrine and fellow ' ship and breaking of bread and prayers,' according to the primitive pattern received from the Holy Ghost Him??lf (Acts ii. 4). We know that feverish excitement in religion is often followed by langour and exhaustion, and by an ague-fit of indifference, aad by spiritual collapse and prostration; and we cannot ignore the truths declared by the Holy Ghost in Scripture, that the 'Lord adds to the church such as are being saved' (Acts ii. 47), and that He Himself is not to be looked for in the strong wind rending the mountains and tearing in pieces the rocks, nor in the earthquake and the fire (1 Kings six. 11) of tumultuous meetings swayed by the hurricanes and tornadoes of violent pas sions, and exploding in the outbursts and thunderstorms of electrifying ejaculations and enthusiastic acclamations, but in the ?still, small voice' of quiet prayer, breathed forth in reverential awe and humble devotion. But while for reasons sash as these we cannot accept the over tures of the Salvation Army, placing itself on a par with, the church, and some times asking to be admitted to Holy Com munion at her altars (without any evidence of faith, or even admission to church-member ship by baptism), we ought to thank God for awakening us by its means from our spiritual smmber, as by a startling alarum, to a sense of our shortcomings and our duties, and for pro voking as to godly jealousy, and for warning us- against flwiorifring about the church, her >pj—opific, her priesthood, her sacraments, and her creeds, instead of entteaynring to uMMMIIt these holy tilings into living realities aad energising agencies, and to make the church, what she desires to be, the spiritual mother ?f tbe people. Let im emulate the energy and enthusiasm of those in 'the Salvation Army,' whose hearts God has stirred. Let tv pray that they may be joined with us in this holy work." The bishop's remarks aptly illustrate the general feeling in regard to the Salvationist?. People see the good they do, but shrink from the means used. The ultimate test to be ap plied to a religious and social movement is, however, simply this—ls the world better foe it or worse for it? Taking this plain stand, and casting a lenient eye upon surroundings which.ahock the educated and give cau3e for fcturc apprehension, it must be admitted that the objects of the Salvationists are purely unselfish; that the means they employ are certainly effective: that the results which they accomplish in raising the debased and squalid to the level of humanity are such as no previous system of moral and religious teaching has ever approached, much less equalled. It were wiser perhaps to forget defects in the contemplation of undoubted excellencies. 