The Sketcher. Sundays in London. XIII.— CARDINAL MANNING AND ST. CHARLES' DAY. Ned Wright, who was the subject of my last sketch, I suppose I may claim, in a general sense, as being what, in my first ' Sunday in London,' I described myself as being, namely, a Christian unattached. He may or may not belong to a particular denomination ; may or may not be a communicant in some properly organized church j but as a public man he is neither Baptist, Independent, or Wesleyan. The step from the apostle of the New Cut to his Eminence Cardinal Manning is, at least from the Cardinal's point of view, all the difference that stretches between the poles. The most JlA/ifafi in 4* n tvn/vlicn vAntiAAAnta^irpA AC VV1CUU UVbWl W UUU uuglicu A OJJA V Uj JJlAi t -JSm cellence, of the Church which for ages has claimed to hold the keys of St. Peter, and to be founded upon a rock. The two men are labourers in one vineyard, but Wright is the cx- felon, Manning the prince of a historic spiritual empire. On some future occasion I may take the reader of the Sydney Morning Herald to the pro- cathedral at Kensington and to the cathedral at Southwark, both being suprrb specimens of ecclesiastical archi tecture, and the churches where the imposing ritual of Papal Rome is seen iu its most glorious form of English representation. This morning let him accompany me to one of the ordinary Catholic churches of the metropolis. It will be found some where at the back of St George's Hall, Langham-place, where, as we pass onward, Mr. Yoysey is lecturing to bis little band of followers. There is no special service at the Ogle-street church, to which we are bound, but the Cardinal Archbishop is to preach, and there has been no special flourishing of the event beforehand. It is rarely the Cardinal's Sunday movements are advertised in the paperB. The church and congregation are there fore in their ordinary working array, the only difference between this and other Sunday morning services being, perhaps, that there are fewer absentees than usual. The Cardinal is .not reputed, even amongst his own people, an eloquent preacher ; but he is a Cardinal — the highest Roman Catholic in rank to be found in the kingdom — and consequently wherever he goes he carries with him a certain amount of pomp worth looking at Yet, even granting this, I was not prepared to find so little outward honour paid to the occasion. The church was not by any means filled — nothing like so much filled as an English church would have been had it been announced that an archbishop, a bishop, nay, even a colonial bishop, or a canon, was to occupy the pulpit. Perhaps the faithful iu this church are more familiar with the appearance of their hierarch in their midst on everyday occasions than are the faithful of the Anglican offshoot 1 Perhaps the population of working people, gathered from the humbler thoroughfares around, are not educated sufficiently to ruEh after even such a novelty as the presence of a Cardinal Archbishop with his retinue ; or may be the week's cares and troubles have caused them to forget the announcement made in the ordinary course on the previous Sunday morning. I espied an empty seat some distance down one of the aisles, and as no one took the hint while I waited humbly at the end for the attention that is usually paid to a stranger, I walked down and seated myself. The layman who should have taken the hint had evidently been aware of my presence, and had come to the conclusion that I was a heretic, for I had scarcely deposited my hat under the seat when he tapped me on the shoulder, and in a etand-and-deliver tone that sounded strangely out of place in the sacred edifice, where rich and poor meet together, said, ' Sixpence, if you please ?' The Philistine in me always asserts himself at the very notion of money-changing in a place of worship, and I fear me it was in anything but a Christian spirit that I asked him sarcastically, ' How much, then, for a front seat?' I repressed a desire to ask him how much also for a book of the words ; and taking out a handful of coppers counted him out six of them with an unrighteous clank. In sackcloth and ashes I herewith acknowledge my offence; hut I repeat, the old Adam, or Philistine, or what you wiU, had the best of me for a minute or eo. At any rate, I had paid, as the saying goes, en the nail for my accommodation, and so settled down to make the best of it, determined to follow the service with such reverence as might be, with so base-minded a person. The walls of the church, I had leisure to observe, were decorated with a number of representations, in plaster, of the life of the Saviour, or at least such portions as permitted the introduction of the Virgin Mary and the Saints. Had they been modestly coloured, tbev might have answered their presumed primary purpose of assisting medita tion and inciting to devotion. But their coarse colour ings of glaring blue, red, and yellow were false alike to nature and art, and they were more fitting for a travell ing waxwork show than the House of God. The altar appointments were a mixture of dinginess and richness, the elegance and value of some of the articles around and upon the altar bringing out iuto greater contrast the tawdriness of the commoner furniture. Probably these are non-essentials. To me they were an offence, not because of the poverty they might indicate, but because they were intended to appeal through the eye to the higher emotions, and appealed badly. Such things to be done, most assuredly should be done well. By-and-bye the service began. A priest, singing or chanting very finely, gave the opening sentence, and there was a movement amongst the congregation behind. The Cardinal had entered, and was proceeding down the centre aisle, waving his hand right and left as he gave the Aichiepiscopal blessing. His long scarlet train was borne by a handsome bov in handsome vest ments. There were two or three priests, and some other features of display which I had not the oppor tunity of noticing. Before he arrived at the dimity upholstered crimson and gold canopy, known as the throne, I was again tapped on the back. ' Soon again I felt a tapping something harder than before.' The summoner on this occasion was a rubicund matron, in black silk, and with wonderful flowers and fruits in her bonnet — the mistress, and, not unlikely, master too, no doubt, of one of the small shoos of the neigh bourhood. ' I'll trouble you to come out of that,' she said, in a ferocious whisper, at which the nearer worshippers eeemed greatly amused. ' But,' I ven tured in bated breath to remonstrate, ' I've paid for the seat.' Her reply admitted of no further argument, it being at once decisive and convincing. ' So have I ; out wid ye.' Out therefore I came, letting fall my stick in my agitation, and damaging the sleek nap of a very good hat. This interruption was very annoying, since before I could tranquilly bring myself to another anchor the cardinal was surrounded by a number of attendants in surplices and other robements, and was partly undressed. The headgear in which he had entered the church had been removed, revealing what in the world we term a skullcap upon the archiepiscopal head. Under the canopy the cardinal had been putting the things handed him over his head, and tying a cord round his waist ; and when I was able to realize the nature of the proceedings he had appeared in a gorgeously gilt mitre, and a number of vestments, of the names and symbolism of which I am profoundly ignorant, though I have been since informed they must have been cope, stole, amioe, and girdle. Two priests in vestments, bearing much heavy gold cloth on their shoulders, moved the tall, yellow mitre with profound reverence; and the Cardinal taking his high throne, the group upon the altar closed round, and became extremely picturesque. In position and posture every man and boy employed in the celebration was so far perfect. The Archbishop 6wung a censer over them, and the air became perfumed. the_ service meanwhile proceeding, and, I am sorry to say, money obtrusively chinking somewhere in tha . body of the church. A youth approached the throne, knelt humbly, and converted himself into a temporary reading-desk, the large, richly-bound volume which hid his head and shoulders, being open towards tha Cardinal. Another eurpliced lad brought a iightAii candle (it was a sunshiny morning) and stood by quite statuesque. The . Cardinal replaced the yellow mitre with one of white and gold ; and there were in numerable genuflections, not only to the altar, but to the central figure of the group. £ could sec that the Cardinal once or twice instructed some of the persons around him, in asides, as to what they should do at critical turns of the elaborate ritual, for it was of a nature that required much drilling, and not a little prompting as it advanced. Now head pieces had to be removed ; now the priests and acolytes formed in line, and now in column ; the great cross and crosier were passed into different hands, candles were uplifted, and for a considerable while the worship seemed to be offered either in music or silent homage to the Cardinal and his throne. A young priest, who was somewhat of a clerical dandy, gabbling in a haw-haw style, demanded prayers for the dead, and in the long catalogue of announcements he made from the altar . steps, I caught references to indulgences and illnesses. If the information thus published was intended for the guidance of the congregation, they certainly never re- ; ceived it, and the fashionable- priest conveyed the impression that he did not care two stxawb' whether tbey did or not. Cardinal Manning, the mass service heing sb far ended, advanced to the centre of the top altar step) and, leaning on his pastoral staff, addressed the congregation. - The text was the verse in the second epistle to Timothy, ' Thou, therefore, endure hardness as a good soldier of Joeus Christ.' The sermon was characteristic of tha Cardinal, as every one knows him— the sermon of a thoroughly good man, anxious in a humble Christian spirit to benefit the people amongst whom hiB lot is cast. There was a fatherly tone, and a simplicity of language that came like an oasis of reality in a very desert of unintelligible Latin and ornate ceremonial. The splen did robes, the tall mitre, the prominent fingering upon the hand that grasped the glittering crozier, were for- i gotten in the mild voice, pleading gestures, and kindly sentiments of the man. He began by asking what , likeness there could be between the priest and the soldier, the one being a man of peace, the other a man of war f How could there he either likeness or onion between such characters ? Then be pointed out that there is a material warfare of the world which is one of might and power, and a spiritual warfare which is by gTace and the Holy Ghost ; also that there is a likeness between the character required by the two classes of soldiers. Thus the soldier of the worldlv army is ruled by the instincts of loyal duty, strict discipline, and responsibility; is a man under authority; is exposed when called upon to difficulty and danger. And so, at some length, he nrged it was with the priest in his lifelong contest with the world, the flesh, and the devil. This, typical of one side of the preacher's char acter as a Christian, was introductory to the real pur pose of the sermon, which was typical of his character as an ecclesiastic. It was a review of the life of the patron saint of the church, St. Charlee. He said there could not be found amongst the saints of the Roman Catholic Church one in whom the words of the text had been more literally fulfilled. ' Here,*' he explained, ' in the Church of St, Charles, and within the octave of the festival of St Charles, I do not know what I can better take to speak of to you than the life, character, workB, and end of such a man.' I will con tinue his remarks as he made them at this point, and as illustrating the simplicity of style which char acterizes the preacher at all times. ' His character,' he went on, 'what was it? The character of a true soldier. A soldier must be a man of fortitude ; but if a soldier is only hard, he has only half the character of a true soldier. The true soldier ought to he tender of heart also, and will be one ready to spare as well as to smite. In the character of St Charles there were wonderful combinations of these two things. He was strong in all his character; he was tender in all his heart.' For the next quarter of an hour the Cardinal west back to history and told us something about this patron saint, who being born in 1538, at the time whea the good Henry VIII, was beginning to gore and butt at the Catholic power in England (these expressions are mine, be it noted, and not the Car dinal's), would have a fair opportunity of qualifying himself for any persecutions which might have fallen in his way, though, as a matter of fact, he achieved canonization without martyrdom. With all my admiration of Dr. Manning, as a good and a true philosopher, I could not see from the picture now drawn by him that the paint had done anything that pre-eminently qualified him for the niche he occupies amongst the worthies of the Church, nor that a recital of his virtues was calculated to im press the people who heard it. They, if the truth must be told, appeared inclined to yawn while the preacher explained that Saint Charles's mother was related to Pius IV., and that the saint was tonsured while yet a hoy. PerhapB they would have admitted that this act was proof of his sanctity, but were not sure that it was — as the Cardinal said — assurance of his wonderful sense. A man like Cardinal Manning, however, must be judged by hiB whole career. To his history, perhaps, xttore than to his talents, he owes the eminence to which he has been raised. Beholding him there, en throned in fall canonicals, incense floating around him, prieBte bending the knee to kiss his hand, the mitre on Ixis head and the crosier is his hand, who could help cudgelling his memory to connect the fact of the past which led up to the position of the present Out ot one's remembrances came the merchant's son dis tinguished at Harrow; passing on to Balliol, and taking first-class Oxford honours, trCro and fifty years ago; becoming Fellow of Jferton, select preacher^ of Oxford University, vicar of the little Sussex parish, and Archdeacon of Chichester, all within 10 years. Then there intervened 10 years of doubt, known only to his own heart, and perbaps hours of pain ful mental conflict; the passage to Rome, and his appointment as Superior of the Oblates of * St Charles Borromeo, Next came his succession to Cardinal Wiseman as Archbishop of Westminster in 1865, and his more recent assumption of the red hat And now, at the age of 73, there he stood, the picture of an ascetic in the emaciation of his features, but clothed with the pomp of high office. It was suggested to me, moreover, as he discoursed of the patron saint who, in his opinion, answered to Paul's model as given to his young disciple Timothy, that the preacher had modelled hie own life, so far as in him lay, upon that of Count Carlo Borromeo, the splendid ffonflinnl and Archbishop of Milan, who was famous for the magnificence of Iris retinue, but who was, at the tame, a rigid ascetic, and a studious, self- denying, laborious priest. His entrance into the Bayswater congregation ae Superior would favour this supposition. In hie piety, self-denial, and labours, Cardinal Manning may* he said to resemble Borromeo, hut not in 'his luxurious maintenance of ecclesiastical pomp, nor in ability. In the times in which St. Charles lived the Pope's legate would almost be compelled to assume a princely grandeur in the administration of his office. In the Ewgtftud of to-day even a Cardinal Wolsey would he unable to do bo. Cardinal Manning has ability sufficient for the administration entrusted to tii»wt but he has not the political churchmanBhip of Wiseman nor the bright manifold genius of his brother Cardinal, the aged Newman of Birmingham. Manning tmn written no work that will be remembered ; Newman's literary productions are of the highest. ?Mailing Is an obedient churchman, who believes in the infallibility of the Pope, and he was rewarded for his loyalty by being made Cardinal by amiable old Pio Nono ; while Newman, who was proved by a letter which he never to be published to have his own indepen dent notkms on the temporal power, was not held in high regard at the Vatican. The tables are now tamed, lor it is rumoured that the present Pope has a poor opinion of Cardinal Manning, and a very high one of Cardinal Newman. It must he said, in luetics to Dr. Manning, that the universal respect in which he is held amongst all classes of 'RwgHntimcw arises from the consistency of hie life, his efforts in the cause of temperance and various philanthropic movements, and the unobtrusive manner in which he administers the affairs of the Catholic churches under his sway in Great Britain. Had he been placed in the position of Dr. Wiseman in 1850, when the cry of Romidi aggression, was raised, depend upon it his effigy would not have been burned through out the land. Not that he is half-hearted or timid. On one famous occasion, I remember, he presided at a great Catholic meeting in St James's Hall, to support the temporality of the Pope, but his speech was surprisingly tame when compared with those of others, notably that of the Earl of Denbigh, who created a great sensation by declaring that he was a Catholic fitst and an Englishman afterwards. He is essentially a man of peace and quietnesE. who is more at home in the solitude of his oratory, or amongst the poor of St. Giles's on St. Patrick's Day, than in the saloons of the great, or the blaze and fragrance of im posing ceremoniale. Yet he does go into the best of society, and is welcome there, though he is not the kind of man to be chosen by the author of Lothair to play off against the wiles of an Anglican bishop. The brilliant priest who gave Disraeli the character of his Monrignor Catesby (Monsignor 1 Capel) has, since the publication of the novel, passed under a cloud, and soon found that his mild and gentle Archbishop could rule with a firm hand. Cardinal Manning believes that a priest should have no dalliance with the world, but that, having mede himself a soldier of the cross, be should devote himself henceforth to showing the people under his charge an example of sacrifice aud work. Himself, it must be admitted, has set the example. BETA. 