, gifts. F O, C Zapf y. Hi i t'A An x FBTOWXITÈOS CZAR I CROWNED. i ^^S**1. ' (Journal is some;) "~ THE Kremlin, with its high walls of white stone, with battlements cut out in the form of Tartar arrowheads, its eighteen, green. Towers, and its five rose- coloured gates, is quite a town in itself, containing three cathedrals, seven churches, a monastery, a nunnery, and three imperial palaces. \- Let- us speak' first of the three most venerable sanctuaries, the cathedrals of the Assumption, the Annunciation, and the Archangel St. Michael," grouped in a single cluster like a sheaf with golden ears, enclosed by an iron railing that shows upon the white walls its great black net work. ' The Assumption is the Cathedral of Rheims, the "Westminster Abbey of Russia. Here the Emperors are crowned, and here is preserved the ancient throne of the Czars in carved wood, known as the throne of Wladimir-Monomaque. The pillars, arches, and walls of this church, which was built from beginning to end by Italian architects in 1475, are ornamented by large Byzantine images of long- bearded saints, whose heads are shown upon a background of gold. These holy personages in their purple garments look like a procession of Asiatic potentates, silent and stern. The iconostasis of the Assumption is a dazzling wall of jewellery, a fabulous display of gold, of precious stones, of pearls and diamonds. To this wonderful wall are suspended miraculous images of great antiquity virgins with dark eyes and brown skins that belonged to grand dukes and were brought from Nov- good, Pskof, Kiew, and Constantinople. Their halos are consecrated with precious stones that twinkle like little stars and shine like red sparks. Upon their garments and dramatics of gold, topazes, sapphires, emeralds, and rubies display marvellous embroideries that interlace each other like garlands of flowers. The miraculous image of the Virgin of "Wladimir that orthodox piety attributes to St. Luke wears diamond necklace valued at 200,000 roubles. Emeralds as large as nuts are set in the massive golden crown of this Virgin. Close to the iconostasis a canopy covers the chair of the Patriarch, and in front of it a velvet tent marks the place of the Emperor. Lamps of silver and vermilion with flickering lights, and great wax candles with their steady and soft jets, are not sufficient to awaken the obscurity that Sleeps under the sombre vaults of the old cathedral. The ceremonies of the coronation took place in this church with a pomp and splendour that are peculiarly Oriental. Before the Czar arrives the high priests, with the cross, assisted by two deacons carrying holy water in a basin of gold, sprinkle the passage that the Emperor is about to take. Then, arranging themselves upon the steps that sur- round the imperial platform surmounted by a canopy of crimson velvet with tassels and fringes of gold, come the grand dukes and grand duchesses, all the members of the imperial family, the diplomatic corps, the high dignitaries of the empire, senators in red uniforms, ministers bedizened with badges and cordons, marshals in brilliant uniforms, ladies of the court, and young Ladies of honour in the national costume, including the " kakoclinik " (a golden diadem embroidered in gold or pearls), representatives of the merchants of all the cities of the empire, most of them in blue or black gowns fringed in gold, deputa- tions from Asiatic peoples, allied to or subjects of the Emperor, Chinese, Mon- golian, Tartars), Bankers, Kalmuks, Khir gees, Bokharas, Circassians, Georgians, Mingrelians, Laplanders, Esquimaux, Persians, Turcomans-a strange and wild mixture of different races, half clad and armed, some with bows or lances, others with yard- and with silver handles, or swords with wooden huts rudely carved. This dazzling and picturesque procession advances, preceded by a platoon of guards of honour, with caresses of led cloth stain ed with silver, and by two mounted heralds with gold embroidered brocades, red velvet caps, and races. The Imperial arms, borne by high functionaries, are placed at the left of the throne upon a table with a cover of gold. Grouped in front of the church, under the portal draped with velvet, the clergy with crosses and mitres are resplendent in their chasuble and dramatics sparkling with gems. The Metropolitans, led by the Metropolitan of New, holding censers, await the arrival of the Emperor. At last the Czar appears. He descends the red staircase upon which a Persian carpet, flowered with roses, is placed. He wears the uniform of a general of division, with red trousers, and he walks under a large canopy that put over his head a flock of golden eagles in a blue sky. The Metropolitan of Moscow presents him the cross to kiss, while the Metropolitan of Novgorod sprinkles him with holy water. The princes of the church conduct the Czar to the throne. Then the Metropolitan of Moscow approaches his Imperial Majesty and presents him with the orthodox profession of faith, which the Czar reads about, standing, with his hand upon the guard of his sword. After reading he receives the two Metropolitans of Kew, who ascend the steps of the throne and bring him the coronation mantle The Czar takes it from their hands and places it upon his shoulders. Then he bows before the Metropolitan of Moscow, who places his hands over him and recites a prayer. Finally, the Czar arises majestic and superb, dressed in his mantle of brocade lined with ermine, and, taking the imperial crown sparkling with diamonds, he places it with his own hands upon his head. At this moment the Empress advances and kneels before her august spouse, who, taking off his crown, holds it an instant over the forehead of the Czarina in token of her share in his omnipotence. In the courtyard of the Kremlin the cannons thunder. The three hundred churches of Moscow ring their joy-bells, and the vaults of the old cathedral are filled with songs of gladness and of triumph. The mass begins. The silver doors of the iconostasis are opened. The Archbishops of Novgorod and of Kiew approach the Emperor, and inform him that all is ready for the appointment. The Czar descends from his throne. The Empress accompanies him to the door of the sanctuary, the threshold of which no woman can' cross. The Metropolitan of Moscow there dips in the case that contains the holy oil the golden branch that he holds in his hand, and appoints the temples, the eyelids, the nostrils, the lips, the breast, and the hands of the Czar while uttering the words, " Behold the seal of the Holy Ghost." And after each holy unction the Metropolitan of Novgorod wipes away the traces. The ancient Czars for seven days used not to wash the parts of their bodies that had thus been anointed. Conducted to the altar, the Czar partakes of the communion, while the Empress, still kneeling at the door of the iconostasis, receives also the communion from the Metropolitan of Kiew. With the crown upon his head, the now Czar departs through the north portal, passes between a double row of Cossacks armed with lances, and of Grenadiers with gilded helmets, and amid the applause of the populace entered the Cathedral of the Archangel St. Michael, where he kisses the holy images, after which he re-enters the ancient palace by the Red Staircase. TZ-.4*'«, .--: :.-^~ "'The repast of the combination is given in,' the Term. The' Emperor and the Empress, served by the managers"- of the court, Sat alone. The superior officers, headed by the chief marshal and escorted by officers of the guards with drawn swords, bring in the belief that the Metropolitan blesses one after the other. When the Czar wants' to .driukjJhe diplomatic corps retires, walking backward, and singers in gala costume, with swords by their sides, advance and execute, during the rest of the repast, different pieces of the old Russian repertoire. a 