HOUSE OF ASSEMBLY. THURSDAY, AUGUST 10. QUESTIONS. In reply to Mr. HENNING the [?] SIONER OF CROWN LANDS said it was the intention of the Governments to [?] a Bill at an early date to amend the Brand Act.—Tn reply to Mr. lt:r\si:\ ?.?a., tiie CHIEF SECRETARY stated tliv -h.vj. yards had been provided at the ISui-.-usuil-tay station. A report would be oVa:;: ? ! .:?* ;?? slu- necessity of cuttle yard?.- 'n iv ??:?.- -?. Mr. Itr.AS. the COM&IISSIONKit; O!" CKOWX I.ANI>.-> sai.l immigration iioj>>iic amounts were lvtnrnrd in cao'cs when ira-iii grants did nor arrive ?i the o>lu;:y it ?";>.>!: cation was male for repayment, ami it \ra* shown thar ti:e porso".! nominate 1 hz-l h;ca uuabic <jr h.ul drained to avail him--If of the certificate. Xo regulation 3'itlwri-"*! this repayment, hut the practice bad. l>aen in foix* for several years. A fee was charged on returning the deposit; if the person nomi iiiitcd declined to emigrate, a tee ot ut>. <? i. was charged and credited to "line-s, fees, and forfeitures.'' This practice hs<l b.vi ii force by authority of Cabinet for several yeais.—ln reply to Mr. Rrx<, viio :.j'uol whether the Government intended to b;iild a school at Mcnarto on section 4^>> nr sivt:o:i ?JOIN, Gum Gully, and to expend the s.-.m of ttoU already voted, the MINIS er.il 01 KI>rC'ATI?iX said a different ot ?>,: iii.:-. existed as to ivhi'-h of the two ?:;??-: ::-;.ti ! should bo selected. Tiie di<tri.-t jtvi-*.* i was now visiting Monarto. and as soon*.'.-- ;:is report, was received tUc necessary seeps for the erection of the school would he t^ken. — In reply to the same inomltcr, theMIXISTE It of KIH'CATIOX stated that, his attention had beeii called by the Board of Advice To the absence of school appliancezin the Sj>ri.n; cVld school, near Kanmantoo, and arrau^c nunts had been inadefrrthcschoolappliau.-cs to be stnt to Springtield this week. CROWN LANDS BH.L. In Committee.—Clause S. Remission of in terest to certain selectors. Mr. CO LBS moved to strike out this clause in order th-.it he rci^ht ii^rt th*> cue of which he ii?d given notice, making the interest paid part oi t:ie purchase-money. <_>ar positiou now was very different to what it was a few years ajj. Durin? the last two or three yean ?? had resumed, surveyed, and offered for selection land which was totally unfit for agricultural purposes, or with regard to which at least, the rainfall bcin:* very irregular rendered the reaping of crop 3 a very uncertain mi'tor. >Vhcnhehad addressed the Hoase on this BUI about a month a^o he had thought that the distress of the farmers: nine north had been exaggerated, but u>? Jcases had been brought under h;s o-.va per.oml obser?ition he found that t'a? aui.i-.nr ot distress was roaHy itader-esri n k (i. H? argued strongly in favor of tlic cU:t~? >rhk--i he intended to brin^: forwird, saying lb it if the fanners knew that every faribiu- tU?y paid brought them nearer to the purchase of their hind, they would take li?art.-inl manage to cope with l>ad seasons. He wnured to say that the Government would not 10-e £100,000 if hi< clause wore cairi-.d, sj?j::-i? -the Government never expected to rei.-eive all the money overt!tic by fa:-:u?:\\.:, aul ty make this concession would be simply to give up what had never l*en expected. Calces some suth amendment as he had <u^jr"*-?(l was agreed to he was very much afr&id; thai mach of the land no* held by the selectors. would revert to the Crown.—Mr. HARDY moved as a prior amendment to that sug gested by Mr. Coles, to strike oat the word " three" in the twentieth line and insert " one.'* It was unfair to say arbitrarily that the clau:>e should only apply to a mm who had had three successive bad seasons, because the man who had only reaped one wop would very often ta^in an infinitely wc-se position. —Sir. KOU2JSEVELL was about 13 move a similar amendment to that moved by il \ Hardy. Wliilst willing to support The clave brought forward by Mr. Coles he though* it -would be unwise to strike out clause S, whi'.-h was one of the best in this niaisare. 'M : Ward—"Hear, hear," and M>. <:i!b.-r: " No.") As the clause stood at present, ho v cver, the most deserving selectors would find themselves outside the pale of relief. { IK-a:-. hear.)—Mr. PLAYFOKD said it was no u-=e tinkering with the clause. If the Ho.iv.1 agreed to the policy propounded by the Farmers' Association it would be the best course to strike out thisclause and in sert that of whk-h Mr. Coles had given no tice—The Hon. J. CARR said if ths clause were struck ont, and Mi-. Coles'clause were not passed, no further amend meat* could be made in the clause until the rest of the Bill had been passed. (Hear, hear). If it were i.'??d- policy to accept Mr. Coles' clause, it would also be good policy to accept clauseS, which provided for relief to the selector. (Hear, hear). There was no doubt that those selectors who had only been on the land for two years, and had reaped two bad crops, were entitled to consideration. It might lie well to strike out the word "for" preceding the word "three successive season*" and insert the word "during."—Mr. WARD stroDgly objected to the striking out of the clause contending that it was altogether irrespective of the general principle as to whether the interest should be rcjjai-ded as pail of the purehasc-niMncy.— The CHIEF SECRETARY asked that the clause mi^ut. be formally passed, rcmaritini; that it could afterwards be recommitted, whether Mr. Colrs*s new clause was agreed to or not.—Mr. COLES accopttd the su&^s tion. In reply to Mr. Waui>, he said he wished to give the farmers more than tempo rary relief by making them a present of the whole instead of merely a part of the interest en their j.urchasc-ir.oney. The clause if passed a3 it stood would lead to no end of complication. It would be difficult to oi.^iin the required returns, and when they were obtained they would not be reliable. He would, however, withdraw his amendment on the understanding that the clause would be recommitted.—Mr. HARDY withdrew his amendment on the same understanding.—Mr. GILBERT objected to the clause altogether. It was wrong in principle, and would not b? workable. There would be, in the first pht^e, great difficulty in obtaining correct rcturns,and m the second place he considered the clause unfair to Eclectors who had been on the land for many years, who had in many instances paid £10 per acre for their land, and who had bad to contend with preat difficulties ia tin |>ast. Another point was that sonic fann-.-n <iid not biing to bear the same energy and skill in cultivating their land sa others did, and yet this clause made no distinction whatever between slovenly an-1 c&rcfiil; farmers, so that it would simply have the effect of encouraging bad cultivation. The principle of the clause was utterly viciou.. —Mr. BRIGHT admitted that there wo.ilJ Ix a great difficulty in arriving at a conclu sion as to who among applicaut* for relief were entitled to it; nut he hoped that the clasa to whom the relief was to be given would be defined in the Bill before it passed. He would strongly oppose the abolition at one fell swoop of all interest payments.—Mr. FI"RNER considered the principle of re mission emliodied in this clause radically wrong. It would be preferable, be hold, tj rive the farmers extended credit.—Mr. JOHNSON said the more the Bill wa- di-> cuesed the more strongly marked became the fliffwftc* of epiuot. among members on the subject. Xc thought the brat "wwcw out <rf the difficulty wmdd In to Mtafefeh tw??r (twee land courts in the country to deal with every case of distress npon its merits. The court might consist of the Commissioner of Crown Lands and twocx-commissioners. (Laughter.) —Mr. COLES saidthencwclausehcproposed, to moke interest fro towards the purchase money, would permanently settle the land question. Otherwise tlie country would want a new Land Bill every year. —Mr. HEN NINO wished to know what amount tbo Government expected to loss if the clause were passed; how they proposed to check the t!a;ii:u sent in for relief; and whether they proposed to remit the whole of the interest on the whole of the selection: whether the farmer had cultivated 50 or 500 acres. -The < ? tMMISSIONEK of CROWN LANDS saiil the Government estimated the amount that would have to be struck off pro viding the clause was passed at something like lll'iVjUO. As to the means the Governioent would take to check the returns be said that aafar as possible the returns received from the selectors themselves would be checked hy the Government statistics, and he quoted ligurrsto show that, the (government statis tics had proved much more reliable than some members seemed to think. He con sidered it unfair to charge the farmers as a class with sending in false returns. (Mr. Playford—'"'l have received hundreds.") Well, that was not bis experience.—Sir. UAUSTER would prefer that the clause should lie struck out altogether. The prin ciple was a liad one, and he would prefer the adoption of a system of extended credit, as previously suggested. The clause van then formally agreed to, it l>cing understood that, it would t>e recommitted. Clause {I. Amendment of cultivation clause in af recmenta.— Mr. PLAYPORD opposed the clause. The cultivation clauses of our Act vx ere the greatest safeguards we had against <iiiimiii\imu. The tanners had not asked tor this concession excepting those who lived in the s<.t;ih-cast, and it would be injurious to the bi,n:i tide selector, and would open the way to invasions of the Act. The next clause provided for all possible contingencies. The COMMISSIONER of CROWX LANDS raid the Government only said that thefarmcr should not be compelled to cultivate more it-.ua one-tenth or his land, and he thought it was unwise for them to say to men in the far north that they should be compelled to culti vate more than one-fifth of their land. The concession had certainly been asked for. It was asked for by one branch of the Farmer's Association, and would be of great benefit, to the selectors in the south ?a?t — those in hundreds like those of Ua/oota ai< J Tolowie.—Mr. COLKS pointed cr.t that cv.-iy j-:'---iblc ease warj mat ?>y the l.tvt chi'iM.-. w'n:.'i pa-.o the Commissioner jio.'.rr to rt:rit, the cultivation clauses in cer lain ii:star?-PA - Mi. I'.KIGHT intend-d u> move at the proper time that the clause should lie connued to those selectors who had ?crt'< <: t<i per-<nul rcsi&nc;^oi their selec tions.—Tlie Hon. .T. CARR said oureipe niKco r.i-tn; .-t:L'.:.£ways' Ac: was tn;'.t per su?:a! ie^:::ti:ce cf itself w.is not a siitii^icnt |:rctci:i<>r! :ig:i:i:-t. drramyism, ami he "?in-: ;"i.t tlia! !<y reducing the amount of cn! ir.;-.u?.r. they ?nf making dunirayisr:! easy. iHcav. !:? ;ir.) Trie iiesiclause vould provide lor all that was required.— After further dis cussion tJie COMMISSIONER of f'KOWX LANDS said if the House would agree to "iifiux: t];?n-e tL''<-.?vcr::nieat v,o.iiia^r.-f to ciav-r '.* bcii'^ struck out. iVr. Playford —**No.*') Tlio r!insi" was struck out. Clause 10. Commissioner may in certain eases remit cultivation and residence con ditiens.- Mr. STIRLING moved to add after th<\- word "I-.a.-e"' th^ words "heretofore ciade or escctitcil." He wished to make tlie clause r^frosjioetjve. >-r else they noull be offering a premium to selectors to take up land in order that they might get the culti vat:or. t!j;.-,s in..:Ucd.— Mr. I'LA.Vi-% >Ul> snori^yolr-vted to the extreme power placed in the hruc'* of the OomtnissiontT of Crown Laiiii<, and cxi>r< s?.il the opinion that this uut.iil be very dangcrou?, inasmuch as tV.e ?"oii!n;i-"ion'>r -would not always know t!ic exaci c:rcuii>:auv:cs of a case. There v>?u\ i.'ja-v. r. .-. ??.?* i:i which ll ?, if l.i- \wve i. l;:.:i;: ::opor, would like to ci?*uisc the power of remitting tfco culti vati'-ji claims. &\A jierhaps witli the a:ujn<l ?;int suggest*, d the clau=e would not work so ?ia?lly a< it might otherwise do. —The ATTOJ:NEY-?;KNEKAL said the Covern n-ci:t arctpred the aiucndmenr becanse it n^atlc clearer what the clause intcndcJ to iiujiiy. He ."il.cd hon. niemb?rs to thit it vtj-.iM nit '? mite to insist on the culuva tit.-n elausvM l-?-iii^: carrieil out in cases where the Uiiid was v.nf.'. foracni .'.Umiil Oi>eri*.i:->iis. —Mr. BK1<: HT :crerS thst there shouM be a rrniivsion of the eu!t iwtiou clauses of the Act in certain respect*, but he intended to oppose that provision which allouod a rcnj'.s sion of the lesidemv clause^ for six months as that would, in his opinion, lead tod'un myism.—Mr. IIOI'NSEVKLL agreed with the ciauic if the amendment were car ried, and said the country would be to a lai^e extent protected in this matter because a return wotild have to be laid before Par liament during the recess, showing what cases had come under consideration. — Mr. HO WE said duinmyism was no doubt very deplorable, but he remarked that the clause proposed by Mr. Coles would, if pis se i, fiw t!:e .Vath-VTow todnmniyism. H- ur^J that, as in oth?T countries, there ahciid b? a ciassiiicaticn of the Ir.id.- -Mr. l.lNil.S?tiU di<i not think ;iiat i:i :he pas: any givat liir.u h:.d Imvii <;on.'> \<y tl;-.1 cuitivatian clauses. !>.?? f:ut that tii-.i-e ?a. ago jd dual of Un.l in £cn:e hundred^ not suitaWc for agrk-iltnre was aj.jrocintcd l>y many s??!rctors, l?eci::se ii:.-t. r.-i vi U'iiig lii*OL-ked "in they had a good oi::n:ii !'<?:? tt.t :r sto.l:.—Mr. C?.?LKS thought thai if the ic:iii*:-io:] vl the cuhivAtioa clause w:t>agv?x-d 10. power ought also be given to rrr..it the rviileno'1 <-ond:tions. It woulj bo very hard to compel men to plough money i;.io tin l^nd yiai' alter year, and therefore he thoroughly endorsed the principle of giving the Commissioner of Crown Lands power to i-en.it the cultivation dairccs altogether. He supported the clause with the amendment. —Mr. HOWK coutended that so long as the present system obtained t:ie cUiusc should lie nm<le prospective. If farmers were compelled to cultivate land unfit for cultivation they would not plough it properly but simply scratch it.—Mr. JOHN - SON said the lion, member for Stanley cDm pbined that there was no classification of the land. The fact was that the farmers classi fied the la?d themselves. The land was pat tip at "-1K ]Xi acre, &iuiif; the farmer thought it was worih more he could bid a higlii-r vi ice. By This means tlse land was practically dassitied.—The words "or lease " occurring iii the clause were auuck out, and the words *? heretofore made or executed" weroinserted. —Mr. HENNINU proposed to strike out the vortls giving the Commissioner power to remit the condition cr covenant for person -jI residence for any period not exceed ing sis months.—Mi-. PLA.YFORD thought I {lower to remit the residence condition in e^cc-piiunal ca;c3 ought always to be re st rved to the Commissioner of Crown Lands. —The awecdment was withdrawn, and the clause as amended was then passed. c.'Jause IL—Amendment of section o-3 of | Crown Lands Consolidation Act. ? — Mr. I t OLES thought the law with regard to the clearing and cultivation of scrublands should be allowed to stand as at present. He saw no reason why the area of land to be cleared should be increased, and moved that the clause besrntckout.—TheCOMMlSSlONE? < jF CKOWN LANDS said the provisions of the clause had boon asked for by the Farmers" Association, :md they had been intro duced into the Bill in consequence of the improvements that had been made in the machinery used for clearing scrub lands.—Mr. ROUXSEVELL referred to the great reduction in the cost of preparing scrub lards for cultivation consequent on the in troduction of new and improved machinery, and i:r^<-d ?hat the clause was an iraprove nirut of tl;e prcsert lav,-. If our valuable tcir.l> laiUs wtrt to be sold at a very ldv rate sujis certainly should be taken to have a fair pc-rtion ct them cleared ami cultivated within a rc.-isonaljle time after selection. — Mr. HAINES opposed the clause, considering that in many cases it would result in a waste of useful timber, and urging with regard to the ure of mullcnising ploughs and other ira ]>;tuirr.ts for clearing fcrub lands that they did < onvjiiciaJi'r harm to the country, as tke stcrriis wtrc left in the ground, and con sequently as much of the land was rtaily covered by wood the yield per acre was reduced, and the average for the whole colony was brought down.— Mr. ri-AYI-'oitU contended that clause 12 would in<.*i tl-e ca-e, inasmuch as it would give the Commissioner power to otter the land without the cash buyer coming in. The i-lautc ???* struck out on the following division, the iiicstion lieing put that the clause -l.'.v!': 'tan-1 :?.-' printed :—Avbs, II - Attorney-?;r!irral, Ciiirf Secretary. Minister of K'!u--.".-.ioi>, Trca- iirf-r, and Messr.-?. t;iH?ert, H^.-dy, LainUccr, New land, Playford, Bees, Ilm.ji.-evell, hiniih, Towu>';nd, and CommU finner ?-f Ciown Ijnds, teller. NOES, I."?— M<^si-s.Uagster, ltascdow. Bower, Hon. J. * t:r, Vt.-iil. ("ookc, I'rascr, Howe, Haiucs, Kii;f:stcii. JMutlinson, ftlortlock, JVloyle, Ten i:ari*. Ttiml.inson, and Coles, teller. Ay???, M : Nc< s. ]."t: majority for Noes, 1. 1 lie House resumed, and the committee ?,litainf d leave to sit again on Thursday ncxr. KiriTLY—THE ISITWGET SPEECH. In (?ommittcr.—l/egislatnre, £13,236 Is. Mr. TOMIvINSON intended to general remarks upon the Treasurer'^ finan cial i-tateiiiciit, but so far as the Government j,..1i?-y way conceincd be would wait until the Inn her returns promised were laid on the table before expressing any opinion. Long Iteforc he had been a member of that House .successive Treasurers had. trenched on the land fund to meet an ever increasing ordinary expenditure, which ought to have been de frayed from the revenue, and he had assumed that tke House bad decided^ that in future tbereshonhlbc uudistincliou tKtweuu revenue derived fraa texatioa ?ad that aeriNd from land, which latter was the capital oftbecolony. This bad seasMd to him to be a reckless proceeding, bat tbe confidence with which it had been sanctioned in the past, and what seemed to be tbe present dis position of tbe House, deterred one from making a stand with a view of pulling op our headlong career into debt. He illostnted this point by referring to the heavy expen diture recently sanctioned (or military pur poses. The Treasurer appeared within the last nine days to have found ont that it was impof-sible to pay £473,009 interest on onr public loans ont of revenue, and this was a great contrast with bis flightiness when waking bis budget speech. The Treasurer appeared to be {going on too fast, and his successor in 1886 would not have much bcait for a jubilee exhibition. He (Mr. Tomkinson) maintained that an expendi ture of half a million yearly was as much as , we were justified in expending on public works with a population of under 300,000 without interfering witb the labor market and private enterprise. What the House should do was to provide liberally for immigration, for immigration in reality cost the colony nothing in .tbe lons run. In answer to the argument nscd by Mr. Johnson, who said that an increase of the immigration vote was followed by an increase of destitute pcrsOES, he urged that it was only the used-up labor that went to the asylum and that labor must be replaced. He had intended to refer to the wild plunge for popularity made by Mr. Playford on the taxation question, but that hon. member not being in bis place be would take another opportunity of referring to the matter, touching the action of the Treasurer in selling our bonds to tbe Savings Bank, he must express bis entire approval of it, for it was from all points of view the best arrange ment that could be made. He was only sorry that he could not hope to persuade the Trea ; surer not to so on the London market for a loan this year. (Laughter.) He announced his intention, if possible, of reducing the expenditure on judicial and legal establish ments, education, charitable institutions, sad military defences, and be expressed his regret that owing to a mistake made by the House last session, when passing tbe Civil Service Act, so large an amount had to be provided nowforthepaym^ntofrctlringallowancoaand eratcitiestothecivilservanta. (Hear.hear.)— Mr. LAXDSKEII was pleased to find our financial position £o satisfactory, considering the bad season thro'igh which Uic colony hod passed. The Treasurer bad, he thought, hk about the happy medium in regard to the revenue from Customs; but the question whether the convention witb 'Sev South Wales should be continued was one calling for serious consideration. The present con \cm ion wasa hard-and-fast bargain, giving South Australia the right of doing business with New South Wales only by the river, and be thought it strange that we should be called upon to pay £47,500, seeing that if the river was closed we had not the ghost of a chance of trading with the other colony. A condi tion should have been introduced into the agreement providing that upon the river heiu^ c-losrri for two, three, or four months we should be allowed to forward our goods to the Xew yonrh Wale-i border. Queensland met us in a most honorable and straightforward v.ay, although we paid her nothing, and lY'riucd a striking contract in this rcspc-itto Xcw .South Wales. He hoped that tbe Xrea y;Tivr would be able to make a better &ud; Hi ore reasonable arrangement with Xcw South Wales than that at pre scr.t t-xisting. With rejmrd to our railways, he thought we bad much to be rejoiced at; and he considered that great credit was doe to Mr. Pcndleton for the excellent manner in which our railway system was manmyd. (Hear, hear.) The land revenue was a serious l>oint to consider. The land question was far from being settled, and it was impossible to calculate what would be the results of oar legislation in the future. He was afraid that unless the House were very careful the land would slip into the hands of capitalists, and the country would be turned into one large sheep-walk. All that they could do at present was to assist, as the Government proposed to do, those selectors who from no fault of their own had been put in a position of distress; it was simply impossible to grant the extra ordinary concessions asked for by some members. He thought it would be un wise to spend a large amount of money in getting up an International Exhibition in Adelaide. We were not a manufacturing colony, we had but few simple products, and ar. exhibition would do us but little good as 1 compared with the large amount that wuufd ; have to be expended to make it a success. He xvas al?o oppoFcd to the cosstructktn of an overland bine to Melbourne. This railway could not be considered one of development, as the character of the country through which it would pass was almost valueless, and considering that the cost of the line at the most favorable estimate would be £907,872, he thought it would prove any thing but a reproductive work. Indeed, he believed that if worksof thkkind were carried out the land fund would have to be u*ed to a much greater cstctt than had been | the case in the past. He also urged that if a railway were made to Victoria allthe trading advantages arising from it would go to the neighboring colony. Tbe Victorians were a thorough business people, they were com mercially much stronger than we were, and it was certain that if a railway were made connecting us with that large and powerful colony, we should be the sufferers. It would be far better in bis opinion to construct a railway from Adelaide to Wentworth. He argued at some length in favor of this line as a?iiicst that to the Victorian border, and illustrated his argument by referring to the fact that tbe Orient steamers preferred to call at Melbourne and leave ns out in the cold, i Melbourne being the great commercial centre I of the colonies. | At die migpe?tion of Mr. SVMOJf and the Eon. J. COLTON progress was reported, and tl-c committee obtained leave to sit again on Tuesday next. POLIXKG-PLACE AT WILLOWIE EAST. Mr. MEWLAKB, for Mr. TENNANT, I moved that the necessary steps for declaring j Willowie East a polling-place in the District of Flinders should be taken. On the motion of tbe ATTORNEY- GENERAL the debate was adjourned until Tuesday next. Tbe House at 5.51 p.m. adjourned till Tues day next. 