The Y.R.C. Autumn Meeting. [By Telegraph.] [From our Special Correspondent.]' Melbourne, March 1. The autumn meeting of the Victoria Eacing Club, commencing on Saturday, is attracting more than ordinary attention, and promises to be a great success from, a racing point of view. The fields for both the Australian Cup aud Newmarket Han dicap promise to be the largest ever known for these races, both of which at present wear a very open aspect. During my pere grinations at Memington nothing has pleased me better than Wellington and Smvarrow, both of -which have done a thorough prepara tion. The former has shown much of his ?youthful freshness and does his work with relish, and_ under the lenient impost of Sst. 12lbs. he is . certain to run a great horse. Suwarrow also goes remarkably well, aud. must be dangerous on the day. De Mestre, ?who is still located at Williamstown is re garded with danger for both events, but the public are at a loss to choose from, among his string, for either the Cup or Handicap, but according to market indi cations this evening it would appear as if Sweet William is the Simon Pure of the fetable, inasmuch as he has been awarded liberal support for the Cup, his present price being 10 to 1. Kext to him Suwarrow, and then Sauntcrer, who has arrived all M'ell from Sydney, are quoted at 100 to 9 each, 100 to 6 being the best offer against the remainder, of which First Water, Hesperian, and Royal Maid command most patronage. Blue Ribbon has been doing some sensational time gallops at Memington during the week and has received support at 100 to 4, but I doubt his ability to live the distance. Larpent, Surrey, Venture, Ver dure, The Ghost, and Sir Joseph share the nominal favoriteship for the Newmai-ket Handicap at 100 to 5 offered. Larpent is wonderfully well, and as he has before now shown an undoubted turn, of speed, both in public and private, there is nothing I fancy better at the present time. Darebin con tinues to do his work satisfactorily, and there is every prospect of Mr. Dakin again bringing him fit to the post for the Ledger, iu which case he ought -to be M'ell able to repeat the Derby running, notwithstanding the reported improvement in Monmouth, Santa Claus, and Commotion ; 2 to 1 is the best offer against Darebin, and 4 to 1 others. Eed Rover and Hieroglyph is lliefaney. double for theJHurdle and Steeple. Suwarrow did a capital gallop this morning, nothing unusual being done by the rest. Pneumonia still continues prevalent in the Mount Gambier district. Koine of the crops at Mil Lei are turning out v, ell, quite justifying the belief that they will sustain the estimated average of other parts of the Mount Gambier district. The Jionitr Watch says :— Mr. J. C. Howard obtained an average of 18 bushels per acre ; Mr. 1. Orr, 20 bushels per acre ; and Mr. E. G. Brown about 23 bushels. To the north of the town some good crops, in addition to those previously mentioned, were reaped. Mr. James MacArthur obtained an average of over 20 bushels from 40 acres. It was the third successive wheat crop too taken off the same field. Mr. Learmonth had 32 bushels, aud Mi-. C. G. Smith 33. At the Springs most of the crops yielded about 20 ' bushels per acre. 