HOLLYGKOVE HOUSE. A. MYSTESV. — Is FOUE CaATTERS. (All the Year Round,) CnAPTEU III. — (COXTIXCEB.) After dinner we four men held a long consultation, which ended in our resolving to watch this night, and if we saw anything out of the common, uot to be afraid of consequences, but to take straight aim and fire. 'If it's a trick, serve the devils ngut who played it^ ssnvern said sternly. ' We need have uo suorcy on thorn, they deserve none.' Chapter IY. After the ladies bad retired, we men were not long in preparing ourselves for the watch, and as K«nt brought i\\\ the tray of bottles and glasses we came downstairs, each armed with a loaded revolver, and each determined to take a good aim at the tiling if it again appeared. Kent was fidgeting about the hall, evidently desirous of making one of our party, aud Severn good naturedly bade him stay. I remember distinctly, whatever other events of that night may be confused in )ny memory, that a clock was striking twelve as wo settled down to our pipes and brandy-and-sodas. Severn sat opposite to his brotherin law at the loft side of tlie fire. Templer was lounging on a couch just in front of it, and facing the gallery ; I was on Eedfern's side, rather back and leaning my arm on a little table ; Kent was sitting behind his master. There ?was a curious feeling of expectation amongst us, we spoke little and that little in whispers. The storm had gone dovm, and now only the snow fell silently on the roof, aud a low moaning wind went whistling by the dark silent house. We grew even more silent as we sat waiting. I do not know how long we had been sitting thus, when looking up suddenly I saw Kent's face behind his master growing ghastly white, his eyes distended, his mouth open. ' Kent,' I called softly, but ho did not hear me ; and Severn, his attention drawn to the man by my voice, turned round. ' I say, Kent, what's the matter ?' he cried. The man said nothing, but pointed in tne direction or Jvauiicens room. We all looked np at once, but I saw nothing but a shadow of one, of the pillars moving on the wall as the red fire-ligbt blazed up and fell. *' Why, there's nothing there, man,' Severn said impatiently. ' If you're terrified already, why, you'd better go to bed.' Kent made an efl'ort to speak, but just at this moment came the grinding, crashing noise we now heard for the third time, the rush of clammy death cold air, the — faugh ! — the disgusting odour. We leaped to our feet, caught up our pistols, and waited. Great Heavens ! how horrible that moment was. Yes? there came that awful thing gliding along the gallery in the same noiseless stealthy fashion it had done on the previous night. We held our breath. Nono of us cared to be the first to fire ; indeed, my hand felt powerless to pull the trigger. I could only stand and glare at the thing in horror. As it reached the centre of the gallery it paused, turned towards us, aud seemed to grin a grin of devilish malice at us, aud then — there was a crash and a flash as lledfem tired two barrels of his revolver at the hideous object, in quick succession. Ere the walls liad ceased to vibrate to the sharp reports, a yell so awful, so unearthly, that it made our blood run cold, rang through the hall, and a woman's figure rushed from Kathleen's room, be tween the awful thing and us. We saw it ; we all saw it. Itedfern's hand fell ere he fired the third barrel. Severn stood in blank amazement and horror staring at two things — human beings we could not believe them to be ; whilst Templer and I clutched at each other and breathed hard. The female figure had cast her phantom arms around the male one. We saw, at least I did, that she wore a kind of nun's dress and white hood and that she was tall and slender. It was but a second, yet we seemed to have been gazing at the fearful scene for hours, when in a flash the two figures vanished, ere the smoke of the revolver had curled to the roof, or the sound of that awful yell ceased to echo on our ears. We rushed upstairs — that is, Severn, Redfern, and I, just as Cissy flung open, her door, and Etty came flying up the passage from her bedroom. I saw Kathleen's dear face behind her cousin^* and a great load seemed lifted from iny mind. 'What has happened? Who fired ?' These and a host of other questions were showered upon us, but we had no voice to answer, only Severn took his wife into his arms. ' My darling, we cannot stay in this accursed house,' he said. ' Get your things together, for- we cannot, must not remain another night under this roof.' ' Ace you mad, Charlie V cried Etty, disengaging herself and looking into his face. ' Oil, my poor boy, what has happened ?' For her husbahd's face was grey and ghastly, and I am sure she must have seen much the same deathlike pallor on mine and on her brother's. ' Charlie, where is Percy ! Has anything liappened to him ?' shrieked Cissy as she flew past us down the wif'e staircase and into the halL 'Oh, Etty! Charlie! help! help!' we heard her cry, and following her as quickly as we could, we found her kneeling by Templer's side. He had fallen in a fit on the floor. Kent, also insensible, lay across the hearthrug. Poor Kent revived soon, but several 'hours elapsed before Templer recovered consciousness. Indeed, we became so alarmed at his condition, that Bertie Bedfern and I set out through the deep snow to fetch the 'village doctor to him. In the meantime Severn aroused the house, and by the time we returned from our ernuid, lights were flaring in all tile rooms, and a-ftoalsUM°ftrVaatg bustling about in all directions. In the dim grey light of the pale January day we quitted that horrible house, poor Turn pier lyiug almost prostrate from sheer terror on tlie seat of the carriage which conveyed the three girls to tlie station, The doctor accompanied us to Red fern Court. He was a clever, intelli gent man, rather of a sceptical tui-u, and not the least inclined to believe in the supernatural, but even he was forced to confess that what we had seen was not easily explained. Wbeu questioned as to the stories afloat concerning Hollygrove, he only laughed. ' Oh, nobody stays there long,' was all we could make him say. We arrived at Redfern almost in time for breakfast. Lady Augusta was amazed to see us, and still more astonished when we told her the reason of our abrupt departure from her son in-law's house. We were never able to unravel the mystery. Redfnrn went to the laud lord of the place — a London solicitor of fairly good standing — and offered a fancy price for tlie house, but the offer was refused. Then Severn went to him and told him he was determined to fiud out the secrets of the place, aud offered, like his brother-in-law, a good round sum for it, avowing his intention of ripping up every floor, pulling down every wall, taking the house to pieces bit by bit until he wrung from it the horrible secrets it concealed, but the man could not suffer the house to be sold. It was not his, he said; but only held it in trust for a client whose name he would not reveal. Pressed more closely, he turned sharply on Severn : ' Captain Severn,' lie said, in a tone which admitted of no answer, ' there is a dark and tragic story connected with that unfortunate house, a story which involves the honour of two families, two well-known families. I have the honour to serve one of them, and, as one gentleman to another, I must request that you will not ask any more questions concerning that place. Any money you have expended upon it I wil) gladly refund, and let there be an end of the whole affair.' So we never found it out. Poor Tompler was not himself for a long time afterwards, but as he was married in the early summer I conclude ho is all right again. For my own port, when I look at that sweet wife, of mine (1 got extension, of leave, and married her at the cud of February) I think that, ghost and all, I rather enjoyed my three days at Hollygrove House. THE ESD. 