J TJiMS OF NEWS. THE following letter has been received by the secretary of tho Progress Committee from Mr. Loughnan, who uiakcs nocommeut thereon:-"Department of Public Works, Railway Braoch, Sydney, 21sfc August, 1882. Sir,-With reference to your persoual inter view, respecting tho erection of an office for the locomotive inspector at Wagga Wagga, I have the honour to iuforin you that tbc samo has been approved of, and the work will bo carried out as early as possible.-I have tho honour, &c.;, C. A. GOODCIIAP, Commissioner for Railways. G. C. Lougbnau, Esq., M.L.A." SINCE last issue the rain has continued, and up to this morning about 2£in. of rain had fallen. The river rose rapidly, but the riso was caused solely by tho Tumut waters, tho Yaas river being very low. Owners of stock on the frontages were somewhat anxious, but at tho time of our going to press last night the river at Gundagai was 18ft. 3in. and falling, the highest recorded being 19ft. 3in., while here it was 18ft. 9in. and rising slowly. The lagoons are all full, and thero need be little fear of a flood. The weather is now fine, and the rain has, we think, ceased for a time. It is needless to add that tho rain has been general, for all know it. TJIK following members of the Mechanics* Football Club proceed to Sandy Creek on 'Saturday, next:-Coutie, Coombes, Mum ford (2), Malone, Murdoch, Mongan, Kerr, Spring, Pike, Pcrriman, Fleming, Tozcr, Louglilan, Wright, Jasper, and Hogan. A KEPOST has gained currency in Nar andera that Sergeant Harvison had been appointed to that town in the room of Senior constable Rowe. On making inquiry wo find there is not the slightest truth iu tho statement. Narandera would doubtless bene fit by such an experienced officer being sent there, but Wagga Wagga can ill-afford to lose him. WE have been requested to draw attention to the fact that when juvcuile football matches take placo, the youngsters in many instances are allowed to find quarters for themselves. Mr. Treehy, when the Albury youngsters visited here, made satisfactory arrangements for their recoption at one of the hotels ; but some of the parents of the boys residing in Wagga Wagga aro not so satisfied with their reception elsewhere. It is said they are allowed to run about from pillar to post seeking for accommodation. Wo aro certain that if such is tho case, it lias beeu a matter of forgetfulness rather than dis courtesy. Mr. Grosvenor Flood, hotelkeeper, of Narandera, has reported a certain constable there for a dereliction of duty. The latter has beon informed that an inquiry will be made into tbe circumstances of the case, and that probably Captain Battyc, of Albury will be appointed to investigate the charge, due notice of which will be given. A well knows legal firm of this town has beeu re- tained to watch the case for Mr. Flood. MR. P. J. M'Alister has been summoned to attend the court iu Sydney, on the 5th of next month, for a broach of the tramway by laws. He was talking to a friend when the j tram started, and ho waited till tho first car ! passed him, and then stepped intu tho next. Ho was summoned for entering a tram whilst in motion. WE have received with tho following letter a subscription list, and will be glad to re ceive any monies for so good an object: "Athounjum Club, Sydney, August, 1882. Sir,-Wo arc desired by tho Committee of. the 'Kendall Fund' to ask your co- operation in the movement now inaugurated for the relief of the widow and children of the lato Henry Kendall. It is considered that the late poet's productions were so representa tively Australian in character, that the press of Australia must needs feel a peculiar in terest in the success of this fund. May we hope, therefore, that you "will give due pub licity to the matter, and kindly volunteer to receive and forward to tho central committee, at tho above address, any sums which may be subscribed in aid of so worthy an object. -P. J. HOLDSWORTII, T. BUTLEXI, hon. sees." A WELL-KNOWN publican, of Fitzmaurico street, met with a severe loss ono day early in the week. Sorao months back he secured a hogshead of tho very strongest and best of Mr. Heath's ale. This ho stored in liis cellar with the view of tapping it during the show week, and giving to his customers a glass of tho "geuuino stunuing." Imagine his disgust when, on descending to his cellar, ho found the beer bad proven too strong for tho ash, and had blown tbo head out of the cask, the contents floodiug the cellar. Oh 1 what a burst was tlioro, my countrymon. Perhaps, though, this timely burst saved mauy others. There. A SPECIAL meeting of tho Firo Brigade was held at the engine station, Baylis- streot, on Tuesday evening last, Mr. F. B. Bossley (captain) in the chair. The resignation of Mr. Piggott was accepted, and a vote of thanks ordered to be forwarded to him for his past services. A letter was read from Mr. B. Ferry, notifying that he required his premises by Tuesday, 5th of September. It was resolved to ask Mr. Monks, of tho Pastoral Hotel, for tho use of a shed in his yard, pending tho obtaining of a fixed site. It was stated at tho meeting that the portion of tho wharf reserve which was under offer , to the trustees in tho lato Mr. Beutley's | estate had been let to Mr. J. Morellis for livery stable purposes, and that the latter i had already taken possession, and was placing | building materials on the ground. The cap tain of tho brigade, wo uro informed, has 1 written to tho committee of the Mechanics' I Institute, asking that ti pieco of their laud 1 be leased to the Firo Brigade on which to crcot an engine station. The appointment of a secretary was left until the monthly 1 meeting on Tuesday evening next. His Excellency tho Governor, with the ad* j vice of tho Executive Counoil, has boon plcasod to appoint tbo undermentioned teacher to tho position and school set forth- such appoint ment to take effect from tbo dato on which this teacher entered upon her duties :-Miss Minnie Russell, toacher, Public echool/Hu mula. The Melbourne Leader remarks :-rtlThc pauper dummies of a New South Wales squatter are not so certain of ending their days m peace as would bo supposed. It having been discovered that si'quasi selector may devise the land he lias taken up by will, it has become the practice of dummy-mongers across the border to secure to themselves the areas taken up by their dummies both by will and mortgage. This grip of the soil once obtained, it matters nothing to the wealthy monopolist how soon the crcatnres of whom he lias made use die of starvation and neglect. Old and infirm, they can do nothing for themselves, and are together dependent upon him for food, medicine, clothing, and other necessaries. They have no legal claim on him, and the sooner he gets the territory to acquire which he employed ( them the better for him. If they perish of I want, it is nothing to him ; and the less he gives them the less his dummying costs him." What has been termed the Wagonga mys tery may be said to have now been cleared up by the finding, the other day, of the body of Smith, who with David "Wilson and another mau-whonc name is unknown were missed about two months since. Smith's body was much eaten by 'sharks, but the suspicion of foul play is cleared hy the fact of his rings, watch, and money being found in his clothes, most of which were still on Ill's body. He is reported as having been well off, and owner of property, iucluding an hotel in Sydney. A curious instance of presentiment of coming harm is related in his case. Just before starting in the boat with other two men he related a dream, in winch he thought ho was driving a cart when a tram passed over him, causing his death, not by mangling but suffocation. This preyed on his mind, and he refused for some time to go with theni, feeling assured of coming injury, especially as his comrades were not sober. Even when in the bow he was heard to express a wish to bo ashore; that was the last seen of him till he was picked up in the river in the state mentioned. One man is still missing; his name is not known. Mil. Bedford late road ioBpcctor forCoona barabran district has been appointed to suecced Mr. Scougall at Dubbo. Tho Blirjh IFafeft man speaks highly of this gentleman, and let us hope that his reports concerning important works in this district will bo characterised by good scn3c?, and Bound judgment. Our con temporary says:--"Mr. Bedford has been over threo years in this district, and his re ward will create a gap in our midst not easily filled, for ho has, ever since his residonee amongst us, always identified himself with everything of a progressive nature going on in the district, and, of course, thero was a very great difference in our rands at that lime. Howovcr, as Mr. Bedford's removal means promotion to a'largor and more important district, his friends must rejoice in his good fortune. Wo have not heard who his suc cessor will bo." [It ??ill bo remembered that Mr. Bedford was employed in this district some years ago.-IF. IV, A.] Tuts Kyntton Guardian records some of the incidents of a rovival mission of the Rev. John M'Ncill, B.A. In his message last nvoning Mr. M'Neillaaid that he. wassomotimes asked whether it was sinful to attend quadrille assemblies or dancing classes. He was not going to say whether it was wrong or nob, but his text told him that they should be " sealed with the Holy Spirit of promise," and havo /the earnest of their inheritance" within. He would givo a chcquo of £50 if they could produce any one who was filled with the HoJy G host and yet attended dancing assemblies. It a man bad the earnest of the inheritance with him, and was full up of the Holy Ghost, it would tuko a very strong rope and a power ful locomotive (o drag him into a dancing room, where peoplo went spinning round and round like so many idiots, and it would be hell to him until he could get out again. The preacher also indulged in parable, lie repre sented the Lord as having lost some of his flock, and as saying: to the Angel Gabriel, just go down to the world and see if you con hunt them up." Gubricl started on his mis sion, and reported, " Lord, I hear the shuffling of feet in bore," when the Lord replied, «. Oh nouo of my flock could bo found in there ; that is a ballroom." Mr. M'Neil concluded this illustration by expressing tho hopo that the Lord would ncvor send Gabriel to look for him in a ballroom. Tho Fiji Times report the commission of a most savage and brutal murder at Nairai. On Friday, 11th August, tho body of n woman was found upon the beach bearing fearful evidence of a crime, as it is said that 110 less than 40 gashes had been iufiictcd upon her, apparently with a knife. Tho unfortunate victim was a married woman and the mother of two children, but her recent relations with her husband havo not been of a satisfactory character. Jealousy is sup posed to have been the cause of the crime, but whether the woman has met her fate iat: tho hands of hor husband or her reputed lover is not yet known. Both have been arrested and are now in custody awaiting tho preliminary examination. The Right Hon. tho Earl of Shaftesbury, E.G., presided at tho annual meeting of the' Victoria Philosophical Institute of Great Britain, which took place in London on the loth June. Tho honorary secretary, Captain JF. Petrie, read tho report,' which showed tho total number of Homo, Indian, and Colonial mombers to bo 950. Professor Pasteur and many other well-known men of scienco had joined in tho past year to further tho Society's objects - namely, tho investigation of all philosophical and scientific questions, espe cially those said to militate against tho truth of Revelation. An address was delivered by Mr. Trolawney Saunders, the official googropher of thosurroy of Palestine. Ho described the scien tific results of the exploration of Palestine, and their great valuo to tho historian, es pecially as the recent work of the exploration seemed to bring the country before tho student of the present day as it appeared to the in habitants nineteen centuries ago, and con firmed in u most remarkable mannor the accuracy of the Bible record. Among Iho speakers were the Right Hon. A, S. Ayrton. The Bishops of Adelaide and of Nelson, who spako of tho valuo of tho Victoria Philoso phical Institute's Transactions, and their great anxiety for the incrouso of tho number of its members in the colonies, whero its journal, recording the investigationsof learned men into the truth as rogards tho philosophical and scientific questions of tho present day, would bo oven moro welcomo than in Eng land. Dr. Stern, tho celebrated Abyssinian captive; Mr. J. F. Bateman, F.R.S. ; and Mr. 1). Howard, Vioo-Preaidont of tho Insti tuto of Chemistryof England; and others, also epoke. The Albury Banner says :-" Landholders in this district who complain of the inroads of marsupials have very little idea of the extent to which this nuisance sometimes attains. From a lottor rccoived a few days since by a gentleman in this town from a friend in tho Lachlan district, wo learn that on one station alone in that neighbourhood no less than 30.000 kangaroos have been killed since the middle of last December. SUBJECT to Parliamentary approval, tho Cabinet of Queeualand have accepted tho offer of Messrs. Shaw and Blytb, on behalf of the Australian syndicate, to construct a land graut railway from,tho termiual point of tho South-Western railway, 30 miles east of Oharioville to that township, thence dowu tho Uiver Warrego to the Now South Wales bordor. Tho land bouus is 10,000 acres per mile. Tho Government are to lmvo tho option of purchasing tho lino at half its cost within six years. In tho-event of tho Go vernment purchasing the railway, the syndi cate a»ree to take payment in Government debentures at par, having ten years' cur rency, payable in Loudon. Tho land grants have ten mile frontages. The length of tho lino will be 25 miles; It will bo completed in threo years. By tho terms of the agree ment tho Government havo at onco to authorise tho contractors to mako surveys, and tho substance of tho agreement is to bo embodied in a bill to bo laid beforo Parlia- I mcnt without delay. Tho Ministry have I resolved to stand or fall by this bill. It will provoke much opposition, but is expected to I be curricd. I An impudent robbery was committed on tho R.M.S. Rome, at Williarastowu Pier, on Saturday. Somoporson walked aboard, pro ceeded to tho cabin occupied by a passenger named Tolson, and put on a complete suit, leaving his old clothes bobind, Tho thief also appropriated a bag containing jewellery and papers, amongst the latter being a draft on a London bank for £500. Paymout of tho draft has been stopped. Txik hearing of tho ohargo against tho four men-Dockery, Hodsman, Kershaw, and Boyd-of systematic wholesale robbery from tho store of Edward Duckert iroumougor ind importer, was continued, wheu evidence was taken from witnesses who had purchased goods from Dockery. The Beuch committed tho wholo of tho prisoners for trial, allowing bail to each in two euritica of £100 Tho board appointed to inquire into the allegation cOnecrning Mr. Winch, superin tendent of police, of having borrowed £2 from the publican Howe, now awaiting trial on a charge of being implicated in an exten aivo jewellery robbery, sat on Monday. The only witnesses examined were tho detectives who found the account-book in which an entry was contained, and Jlowc and his two daughters. The book also contained an entry of a loan to Mr. Lomer, inspector of police, which that ofGccr acknowledged to be correct. Howe and his daughters stated in regard to tho allegation against Winch, that the name had been wrongly copied into the book by one of the (laughters, from an original list the man to whom he had lent the money being a miner named Lynch, whoso present whereabouts lie did not know. Tho board, therefore, exonerated Mr. Winch. Tjik Bailarat correspondent of the Arfjus states that a curious case eame before the City Police Court on "Friday, in which a young man named Lovitt summoned a woman, "who gave her name as Mrs. Lovitt, for assaulting his wife. Tho defendant, it seems, claimed the complainant as Jicr bus* band, saying that she had been married to him 19 years ago, but ?.s he was only seven years old at that time, the statement was ridiculous. She then claimed Lovitt's uncle as her husband, but that WAS equally absurd. Tho'woman, however, persistently went to plaintilFs house, insulted Miy, Lovitt, senior, and her daughtors, and went so far as to assault one of them. Sub-inspector Kennedy told the Bench that lie had known the de fendant for some eight or nine years in Mel bourne to be a very bad character, and to be iu tho habit of claiming various men as her husband. The Bench sentenced her to two months' imprisonment. On Monday afternoon, at Ultimo, Tasmnn Clinch, aged 21 years, employed in Chine's cordial manufactory, rcceivcd such iujurics by the explosion of a cask containing spirits of wine as resulted iu his death. He was engaged manufacturing some cordial at a hogshead containing about two gallons of spirits of wine when it suddenly exploded. One of tho workmen in the manufactory, hearing the noise, ran to the spot whence it proceeded and saw Clinch lying on tho floor with a largo wound on his forehead, the bottom of tho hogshead being blown out. Drs. Markey, Power, and Sclby were called, but their cirorts to save his life were un availing, and ut 3 o'clock this morning ho expired. We take the following from tho Fiji Times of August 12 :-"The accounts visitors give of the state of affairs at Wallis Island would seem to indicate that the sacerdotal rule there obtaining is by no means overiwlulgenfc in character, or peculiarly satisfactory to the native mind in its working. Every thing is represented as being 'saturated with sectarianism.' Tho priests rule the roost, and rule it with rod of iron, The Queen is said to be a mere puppet in tho hands of the mission. All laws and edicts emanate for that body, and every effort in the way of government has the aggrandise ment of the Church for its object. For every social offence, or mortal peccadillo, tho culprit has to make copra for the mission; the taxes, paid in kind, go the same way; the men are forbidden to leave the island, and officers are placed on board vessels visiting it, to prevent them stowing away. An intense feeliug of dissatisfaction is said to be spreading, and tho natives are so anxious to get away that they aro constantly escaping in canoea, which make Fortuna or somewhere else, or aro never again heard of. If this description, given by a lata visitor, is anywhero near tho truth, Wallis Island can scarcely bo considered a South Sea Para dise." 