Latest by Telegraph The Creswick Mining Accident. from our own correspondent. MELBOURNE, Thursday night. Only five men have been brought up alive out of the 27 imprisoned in the Amsterdam Mine. One of them is not expected to live. The bodies of the other 22 have been recovered. The scene at the mine, when the dead bodies were brought up, was heart rending. The body of Mr. Toon, manager of the Hawthorn Bank, was found in the Yarra this morning. Unlucky speculations are Baid to be tbe coube of bis demented state of mind. The inquest on the body of Mr. Thomas, killed in Hawthorn accident. was continued to-day. The Assam, with the English mails reached Hohson's Bay shortly before throe o'clock this morning. The Australian Eleven are passengers from Adelaide. Lady Gavan Duffy |gavo birth to a son on the 21st October. In tho Assombly tho debate con tinues on tho no-confidenco motion. Major Smith, Mr. Gravos, Mr. Wrixon, and Mr. Barr addressed the House. The division will take place to-night. The Government expect a majority. LONDON, DEO. 13. The approaching birthday of Mr. Gladstone (the 29th. instant,) is being marked by numerous congratu latory addresses from all partB of the United Kingdom. The Bight !Bevd. Harold Brown, Bishop of Manchester, has been offered and has declined the vacant see of Canterbury, The first of the prisonors -charged with the murders at Lough Mask in February last, was tried to day and" found guilty. Sentence deferred. OxficiaIi. — A communication has been. received by Mr. L. Levin, M.P., from the secretary for the Post Office department of. Now Sonth Walee, stating that tbo tender of Mr. John Nolson having been accepted for tbe mail sorvioo between Lowesdale and Mr, F. Beasloy's, of Granvillo (Mlddledale). a post office will be established at Gran villo, to be collod " Hiddledale," qn the 1st proximo, under tho obarge of Miss J. M. Bcasley. The Compensation to Mb. Donald Bbown.— An ottompt has been mado in Rutherglon to get np an indignation moot ing to protest against the action of the Skiro Connell in granting compensation to' Mr Donald Brown, No meeting : has. been convoned, however, nor does there soem to bo any likelihood of one boing hold. It is mare than probable that the matter will be takan up by the ' Government, and we should not ha surprised if tho amonnt wero stopped oat ot tho Govornment subsidy. Footeaoino.— Tho foot raoa, between Slattory, of "Wahgnnyah, and Barr, of Rutherglon, whioh for same timo past has excited considorablo interest, was rnn last Monday afternoon on tho Rutherglon foot ball gronnd, before. a huge attendance of spectators. Both mon had been training hard and wero in gcod form, but, as was gonoraUy anticipated, Slattory proved a rather easy victor. It was arrangod that tho match should bo ran in three heats of 100, 150, and 200 yards. Tho 100 -yards ovont was tho first fixed upon. It waB easily won by Slattory, who came in about live yards ahead of his opponent. Tho time was 101|secs. Tho 200 yards' event wob the noxt to bo ran, and Slattory' again proved viatorious, winning by ahont four yards. Tho timo waa 22J. sees. Tho third ovont was not run. Messrs. Oleorn and Woodward acted as referees, and Mr J. Hiskins as atarter. Resibtino Tiin Polioh.— A man named John Moloney, tho happy possossor of poworful lungs, was arrested at Corowa last Friday night by Constables Emorton and Crawley outside Oeding's Steam Packet Hotol for boing drunk and disorderly. Wishing to givo tho polioo as muoli trouble as possiblo ho refused to walk, and the constables had to carry him.' But the pooo thoy travolled at was not rapid onongh for Moloney, and every now and then lie would stimulate tho officers of tho law to farthor exertions by a vigorous kick, not forgotting.at tho samo timo to call out for holp in q voico so loud that it would havo oxoitedtho onvy of a eahdidato for Parliament. Eventually, bowavor, tho polica managed to got tho intoxicated ono into Crawford and Co's 'bus and then their trouhlo ondod, and Maionoy's commonccd. Ho was brought up boforo Captain Haro P.M. at tho Folico Court tho next day and fined 6s. for resisting tho polico but dis charged for being drank and disorderly. tdavna feom Waiiodnyah Station.— Tllo following goods kaVd boon forwarded froih Wahgtlnyali otatioil ddring tlio wedk onilng yesterday W ool, 18i) bales! Wine, 88 Hilda. . Llvo 'Stock — Cattlo, 218; Horses, 11 ; Shcop, 144. Victobian Government Gazette.— Tho application of Christian Haoffnor, for 132 acres, it Norong, has been approved. The following now liconscs havo beon issned : — John Btlrko, 20a., Carlylo ; Robert Barns, Ida. Or. 24p., Carlylo ; Fritz Burke, 20a., Carlylo ; Honry Sckluo, 12a„ Lillipnt. Fibe Brigade Stobts.— Wo would re mind all interested that tho nominations for tho Corowa handicap, atoopleehaso, fire- men's handicap, and for tho throo ongino praotioo events, in commotion with tho Boxing day's sports at Corowa, aro. to ho in tho hands of the secretary not lator than eight o'olook on Monday. Boxino Days' SronTs.— The right to a publican's booth for tho oporto to bo held in aid of the Corowa Fire Brigada on Boxing day was sold last Monday by! Messrs: ' F. and A. Piggin, at thoir rooms." Mr. Camplln, of tho Terminus Hotol, was' the purchaser, tho price paid boing £18 18s. Tho right to aell fruit . brought £1 10s.. Fibe at Newcastle.— A "groat con flagration has oconrrod in Hunter-street, Newcastle. Tho fire broke out at Messrs. xnomson ana jonna ouvenera aaop, ana extended to four other business places, which wore completely gutted. Tho firo brigades could do but littlo to arrest tho progress of tho flames, as the extinguishing apparatus was vory defootive. The . Salvation Abut,— Canon Girdle- etoh6, at tho Glouoestor Diocesan Confer ence, (says ' the Southern Cross) spoke strongly of soma of tho itrevcronce exist ing in. the Salvation Army, as a reason why they ohonld not, as.memhern of tho Churoh of England, in any way actively combine' with the Salvationists.' One of their hymns, sang to a well-known tone shouted at pablie dinners has this refrain;— For He's a jolly good Saviour, : ... For Ho's a jolly good Saviour, ' For Ho'a a jolly good Saviour, Which nobody can douy Mistaking a Name. — It frequently happens that mistakes are mado by those who aro entrusted with tho duty of making ont tha jury lists, (Bays tho S. V. Telegraph.) At the Qnartor Sessions on Monday, the crior and several policemen yollcd vigo rously for " Mr. Mnrtin," and aftor he had been given up as a bad job, and as ono who was not likoly to put ia an appearance, a gontloman who was in waiting, said with true patriotism, " I think that's moant for mo." Hisnamo wasWartoh,nndthojudgo agreed that ho was as good a man as Mar tin, whoever ho might ho, and consequently ho " passed." The. Comet. — Aftor all tho fuss and bother which has been made among scien tists as to tho origin ot tho comet, it has dovolved upon a resident in tbo Riverton (N.Z.) district to put them all in tho shade. Ho furnishes tho following learned expla nation to tho .Western Star :— " Tho exhala tions of phosphorus from tbo South Island of New Zealand boing attracted magnetic ally in an east-north-east direction for seven millions of - miles, - and then losing that attraotion, formod tho head of tho comot. The tail, bIt, without tho .slightest doubt, is formed by/the phosphorised ghosts of 33 million deceased h'uunles." Meetino at Lowesdalb.— A well at tended meeting waB held at Lowesdale on Tuesday last, having for its object -the erection of a Churoh of ' England. The Rev. H. E. Thomson presided, and tho fol lowing resolutions wore carried : — "That a committee he at once formed to fix upon a site and to make all neoossary arrango- monts for building tho ohuroh, and the fol lowing gentlomon be appointed to aot upon it — Messrs. Elks; Howell, -Leapord, Barns,' Darby; Taylor, Hntohison, Nixon, J.' Gill." "That Mr. Howell should act' as Chairman and Seorotary to the Committee; andiMr. Leapord ns Treasurer." It was announced that a sum of over £50 is. already promised towards tbo building funds, and that an endeavor would bo made to obtain a piece of land oh tho Govern ment Reservo, nearly opposite tho 1PoBt; Ofilco. . -A voto of thanks was givon to the, Rev. H. E". Thomson, and after agreolng to meot aguia on Saturday, 23rd Decomber, Iho mooting terminated. , ; ' Land Sale.— A land sale was hold at tho Corowa Land Offico last Wednesday. : Mr. William Hay purchased two country jots, consisting of 320 aeres oaoh; situated in : tho parish of Nangnnia for £400. The following . were tho' purobaserq for town lots at Touiimnal :— H.' and J, Levin, lr. 24p., £26; F. J. Deakin, lr. 17p., £38 10s.; H. and J. Levin, ' lr, ZOp;,. £10. 6s.; F. J., Deakin, lr. 20p.,. £l6 15s.;. Thomaa tKolly, lr. 20p., £13 2s.';' F. J. Deakin/ lr.' 20p., £16 10s.; N, Loonard, lr. 24p., £21 8s.; H. nnd J. Loyln, lr. I7p., £10; Thomas- Kelly, 32) p., £10 11b.; ditto, lr.' 20p., £20 16s.; Jamos O'Keofo lr. 20p., £20 la. ; Robert Armonr, 2r. £10 8s. ; F. JV Deakin; 2rV.£9 '6a..5 .Mr- LoOnoy, 2r.,'10; F. Jl Deakin, 2r., £i03s.; Townsend and Piggin, 2r., £10;. ditto, 2r., £10 2s. ..This is the first time that, anything -above the. upset prico has been ohtoihod for land at Tooum- wal. Tlio high prioes realised, are to bo' aooountod for by, tho fact that tho oxtonoion of tho lino of railway from Numurkah to Tooumwal, at present proposod, will greatly bonofit tho lattor piaco; As much as £-10 wail realised for a quartor acre blook. Fxabeul Minino Aooideht.— Early on Tuesday morning an accident of a most appalling nature occurred at tha mino of tho Now Australaaian Company, near Creswick. A number of mon were engaged working in tho south drivo of tho No. 2 shaft, whon thoy unexpectedly broke through into sumo old workings, and boforo most of tho men conid escape tho wholo of tho lower workings were flooded. There vrcro 40 minora below, and only 13, suc ceeded in rcaohing tho surface. The fato of tho othor 27 mon woe for somo consider able timo in doubt, and tho utmost oxoita- mont prevailed as to whether or not they would bo rosonod nlivo. Pumping and baling wore at onco vigorously commonccd, tho wntor boing ojcoted at the rato of 60,000 gallons per hour. Pumping opera tions woro continued during tho wholo of Wednesday; and at a lato hour in tho evening, tho wator had been reduced snffl- eiontly to cnablo tlie relief party to onter tho drivo, but owing to tho prosonco of foul air, thoy could not roaoh tho No. 9 riso whora tho mon wore supposed to bo imprisoned. By telegram elsewhere it. will bo Boon only fivo of . the anfortnnatq.'men wororeoovdrod ftlivb, dl— a— i—— |H To Coebespondents.— T.B.— Your eon. B tribution Is hold over. \H Tits EIYeb.— 'Tho Murray, last night, aj B Wahgunyall, waa 5 feot t) indhos ab'otj M snmmor level and falling. H Land Selection.— Tho following conffi. I tional purohaso was mado at tho Coronj Land Office yesterday John Loonoy, ajj acre's, Tocnmwal, Wool CnossiNas:— The ' following at, tho croBzinga sinco our lost isauo : Tore. mia, 37 bales; Lane, 3; Gionambil, 7 TD, 0; HGO, 6; Cockotgcdong, g; Hogarth, 0; Bolloono, 6; No, 25, 0; iiii7' 6; FF ovor F, 0; Dioker, 18. ' Fatal Accident.— A young man named William Hewitt was riding on ono of th« oarth trneks used in tho oons true tion of the Albury to tho Murray railway extension on Tuesday, whon ho fell betweon tho trneks tho wheels of ono passing, ovor his body. He diad from tbo injuries 'xeoolvod: Yanko News;— Fine rains havo falion recently on tho Yanko, and tho road fro® Yanko Statipn to Jcrildorio is flooded in parts. Tho mail-dolivoiy has boon delayed through it. Many of the paddocks are ns green as in early' Bpring. ond tho potatoes aro recovering from the raids of tho gram, hoppors. \- Stock Ceossinos. — Seven' fat cattlo and seydn calves from Corowa, belonging to Ht W. A; Board ; 10 fat bullocks from Corowa, belonging to 'Mr-H. Morris: 20 fat covi from: Long Plata, belonging to Mr j, Camoron ; and 60 fat bullocks from Mcssn, Watt and Thomson, of Cookotgadong all to . bo trucked for Molbonrno. ' gbickbt.— a matoli will bo played oa tho local grouud to-niorirdw,' between Tara. mia and tho: lot olovon of tho Corowa-Wak. gnnyah Cricket Club. Play will commence at 11 o'clock. ' Tho' following players bars been cho3on to ropxicsent tho local team .-- L. Whitehead, H/ Tqhb, T. Ford, H. Bny. lias, jan., A. Baylies, L.' Willis, J. Cares, E. -Baylies; A. Browne, P. Came, and F. -Browne. - Emergencies— W. - Jhonson IV, Hcalcs, and G. Louch. The Caora and the Weatbeb.— Tht Australian olimato is jnstiy regarded as tha most changeable in the world; says the Donald Times. This has boon oxomplifiod by tho season whioh we have just passed through, as it has beon essentially a sur prising ono. Beginning with tho most favourable promiso, tho ensuing harvest promised an abundant yield, but' in a short timo theso hopes woro doomed to disap. pointmont, ns a period of dry hot weather euu iU) uuMuivuii ui WAIIUU yu» Mi uunousiy retard the growth of the lato-eown crops and in many cases to completely destroy the oarly-sown fields. At ono timo, indeed, it seomed imminent that nino-tentho of tho farming population, of this distriob would bo compelled " to lcavo"' thoir holdings through tho prolonged drought; but tho uncertainty of onr climatb was happily shown In thoir favour by an' unexpectedly copious fall of rain, which had tho effect of, wo might say, not' only.resuscitating most of tha crops, but also : replenishing the J various water tanks and wator-catohes in so liberal a manner as to at any rate prevent the recurrence of tho water-trains last snmmer. This providential rninfall was again succeeded by remarkably hot weather, to be again brokon a few days ago by nn- qxpeotodly heavy showers. On tho wholo tho season hob beon a most remarkable one. To Fabiiebs, Daiktmen, and Gbaziebs. J — We are requested by tho InBpcotor of ' Stock for, the Corowa District, - Mr. R. Lowes, to direct tho attention of ail owners of horses, cattle, and- sheep to tlio foot that thoy must mako their returns of all cattle, Ac., owned by them, between the lot and 3lBt Deoember, undor a penalty of £20. It iB not generally nndorsteod, but is a foot, nbvortheless, that all ownora of tho kind of stook described— whether tho numbor ho ono 0; ono thousand are liablo to tho penalty nndor tho conditions of tho Pas tures and; Steak Protection . Act. .; The .return must bo sent or. delivered- to Mr. Lowes,; at his residence, Corowa.'., Wo would further remind owners' of more than 600 aheap that thty are ' required to make a return on or boforo the 1st January next, to tho nearest Clerk of Potty Sessions, of ohoop initheir possession: ; Fqrqis .for. tho nbovo . purposes, may', be- ohtainediiit: the postroffloes ,nt Daysddlo, , Lowesdalb, ; Mnr- '.ray Hut;, at, Mr. ,S.: Barnes' ; Wqolpnok 1 Hotol, Coreen: road, and at.fllb.ipspeotor's office. : Ab, no donbt; a consiorabfo num ber of country people willi/.yislt! .Corowa for. tho pnrposo 1 of .attending tlib Boxing Day Sports, they could kill. two birds with one atone, and ayoidthci risk of tho ppaalty, iby. procnring thoiforma.within.tho noxt few days, and bringing thorn in filled np and signed intho prbpor form-lithohsbming' to town for tho holidays. . ,New ADVBBTiniiiiBNTar— Messrs. F. and A. Piggin .will-' hold a solo to-morrow, 'at thoir yards, Soisling-streot, ooMmonoiifg at olovon o'olook. ,-i A good - gonoral) servant is required ; lapplioatione to bo, - mado, : toctho piiroonago, -Corowa. - Mr. ;L. 1 Lovin, 1 M.P., thanks tho eleotoro of Hnmb I for returning him unopposed. A i qaarterly : . Lioonsing Court for tlio Corowa aistriot will bo held at tho -conrthonso on tho 12 th . January, 1883, at noon. Messrs. Graham Bros., of tho Netherby mills; asnouneo that thoy aro cash buyers of wheat on both sides of tho rivor, and that gristing will -bo' dono at current rates. . -' Mr. Frederick BurrowH . in forms his customers that on and after Mon day; tho 18th instant, tho .prico of .bread will bo 7d.,tho largo loaf. A leoturo will ho dolivereddnthb'Sohoul-of Arte on. Wednes- day :ovoning noxt, ,'hy, ,.,tho Rov. R;. Sellors (chairman of the Qonljiurn Weolbyan dis trict), on ' Palestine." 1 Tho chair. will bo taken at eight o'olook! , A special moating of tlio shareholders .in -tho Corowa. Gold Mining Company will bo held on Thursday, tho 28th Dccombor, at throo p.m., to tako into consideration thQ position of tbo ^com pany and tho dcoirahiiity of winding it up. Mr. Thomas Ford, of the Endeavour hotel, Wahgunyah, notifies that he has re-con sidered his determination to leave the dis trict, and that he will continue to conduct the hotel as heretofore. A Wahgunyah, Wodonga and Corroyong agent is required for a leading fire insurance company. Ap- S Mentions to bo addressed to Box No. ICO, (olbourne gonoral- post, offico. Messrs. Gordon and Gordon, of Albury and Corowa, invito tondors for painting and colouring tho Bank of Now South Wales, Corowa. Tho seorotary of tho Corowa racing blub, notifies that fouls for tho Sireo' Produce otakes- of 1885 must bo doncribod, and balanoe of entry. (10s.) paid on or boforo tho lBt Fobraary, 1883. A notico from tho stock branch, Dopartmont ' of Mines, Syd ney, appears elsowkoro. .A salo of Crown lands will bo hold nt tho Land office. Corowa, on tho 17fch . January, 1883. The programme of the annual regatta to be held at Lake Moodemere on New Years' day appears in our advertising columns, and will, doubtless, be perused with in terest. The right to a booth at the regatta will be sold by auction at Schwenzel's hotel on next Wednesday. Mrs. Keep offers a first-class mangle tor sale. 