THB ALLEGED KO.DBBUV AT THE POST ? . ?'. . ni?fi'inK ' . . ? , : VesrsaDAT. at the Water Police Court, Pierce Joseph Healy, a letter sorter, was .brounbt up' on remaod ua a charge of stealing two £1 notes ft'om a letter ia tbe Post Office,' Detsolive Abbott deposed he was on duty at tbs General PostOifice en Tuesday, the 26tb Inst., by special intti uctioas. He was watching tho nrisoner, wuo- was a dark and letter sorter. When he left the office witness followed him to the closet. On bis getting off tbe soat witness, found tbreo letters ia tbo pan.' Prisoner had not used the closet. One of the letters bad oeou openea . ens qtner iwo were unopeuea. Tlie moment be pushed opra the door he saw p-.isoner croucbiou down on tho soat. In tba sorting room a few minutes previously bail, si'ea prisoner with lot tart in bis uau-t. lie was' 0 iveriug tbooj with bis buadkerchip*. Therr ho put his hand with tbe leltnrs in it into bit pocket Witness from bis place of concoal meut could »ao that bo had some letters in bis uand,aad whs hiding them from view. It was in cousequence of scciae him do tin's tbut be followed iiiin quickly to the cloiot. Tbo letor's were wetted, aud would ia auother moment bava beea washed down tho pipe. On taking tuem out be noticed by reading tha fi'st wonls of tbe ooeued letter that it should bava con tained 12. He, searched tbe closet carefully but foujtl no trace (if tbe money. After leaving the closet p.isoner throat his arm back inline the door, and made some moremsot which induced vitnoBS immediately to go bsck aod re examine the place. On tbe scat tbeo ha found two £.\ nates, which be notv produced. Thoy were dry and crumpled up. A moment before the notes wuro not there. Of this he was quite sure. He took prisoner to Mr, M'SJahon's iuom,and Superintendent Day vas sent for. He said to prisoner ' What Ueuley I are you the thief}' Prisoner replied. '1 have not been doing it all along, sir 1 I have only just com menced it.' Ua was at this time much affec ted — aa pale aa a ghost — and sank back in a chair when confronted with tbe Superintendent, and be oould hardly speak. Witneis did not put any questions to him. By Mr. William son : It might have boon a minute or a minute and a half boforo be cams to prisoner in tbe closet, after leaving tbo pln^o where be was watching him, and he could not liuvo got to him or arrcstod him sooner after bis leaving tbe sorting room. He was quite sober. The stamps on the letters were loosened. Told him be (witness) was a detective officer. Tbe witnesnes necessary to be examined in this case re«ide beyond Newcastle. On tho appli cation of 1 Ua officer, the prisoner was remnn dad until n-~.W Tuesday. Bail himself in-£30O, find ttta mr.iioR of £1GO each, to be approved, was ftllow«£, — Evening News. ? 