Beater's Cablegrams, LONDON. JANE 9. The 'Australians commenced their match against Nottingham County at Nottingham yesterday, with showery weather and a bad nidet The colonials were the first to go in anil made a total of 142; Biackham, not out, 56, being the highest scorer. Paimer made 28\. Murdock 13, Banneiman 12. and Massie 11\. The Notts team had lost two wickete for <1 when time was called. June 10 The home team all oat for 110, the Austra lians all out for 154 ; in the second innings Nottingham got one wicket fur 12. farkes ffit-ed at Veivieres, Bros sells. Oakan the premier, had interviewed him, Mr. Bourie, a <iilway landlord, and a dra goon whp was escorting him, have been shot. Thousands of persons attended Garibaldi's f nneral at Capri yesterday. A SUPREME Court writ was served on the editor of this paper on Saturday, at the suit of Henry Bfiliom Cor libel, Damages are laid at £500. Waiuiill.y Wlke.-Awarded a Prize Medal and Certificate of tn«rit, at the Philideljjbia Oenteonial Exhibition, - 187C; a o nonorable mention at the Paris. Exhibitio of 1S7S, and firstbiiize (luedai) at the Sydney International exhibition. 1879-80.-Irwin Bros. Waralla viue-yard, Ipswich. Thb quantity of loading passing out almost daily to the Wist through Charters Towers has now assumed enormous dimensions. We are informed that there is % greit dearth of teams, and goods are accumulated qi the Junction. We are informed ti^t one ot our tirms here could load up twenty teams at the Junction for Uie West, bat thej arse uotio be C»t~ Here is an opening which is crying u> k: tilled. THE Gem Dramatic Company, now per forming in Townsville to good houses, will make their first appearance IhL re on Sitarday night The company is very strong, number ing sume twelve or* thirteen membwe, and we anticipate a great treat fujbren of the drama. The success of this company in the South has been de^ed^ atK| %rp o^ly lia{( $a good as they are cracked up to tje.tliey'il tnake a big hit on Oiarters Towers. " " .. Mb. bee* * &rtnne; to bnaik'his Jeftthijgh yesterday after noon. He was siding up it the bwk of Kpum^-atiael tp.Mr 'Oupe^'e %»r a horae »o| !?*» to#h®pa$fc^" wfcenfii ' greaVe'e-Btreet liafige, ,hi» han leuim jttiB cider i Mr. J^i fCsfange Hotel,, where Dr. Max ton and Dr. De Ybb attended the BnffereTj and 'ijcti3hfc:ifi5ta®iu(e.:- j Wfiobserve the fiaveoswood Mining Journal: iQ ln .the siaiket. und -ihe* ?oilier d&f; liie Kospocu! Mrowt wis the " most Sensational paper in Queensland. We I pass on the belt to the R&venswood; Journal. Here Sis the latest sensation,-" During the i ea^ly !»*$ ®f the week Mr. W; J. fletchW j fiada hasty spill from his horse whilst coming into Bavenswood from his-e toil on. The horse j fell and rolled over that gentleman near the \ graveyard. He picked himself op, and found that he wtus insensible, caught his horse and I rode ipto Dr. B»owne'e, were it was fonnd | that the injuria sustained were not of a very -\ serious nature," The fellow that -boys Ifaa1 j paper wont require to pick himself up and find hiinseif "insensible", li the Soumal rolls ont; suph brilliant paragraphs m the above its! drculoticn will be shortly doubled. We commented sometime ago on the extra ordinary license granted by the Police Magis trate to some of the attorneys practising in bis Court, be appears to be powerless to pat down the disgraceful exhibitions now habitual. Last week lawyer Milford asserted that lawyer Morgan's case then being heard was a "hyoa" The recriminations of & Kettle and . Pot may be tolerated by the Bench bat what justification lias the Police Magistrate for allowing a solicitor to go outside !»?« case altogether and alter language which if- he dared to use outside the Court house, would be viBited with personal chastisement I Mil ford in a case last week, White v. O'Kaue, was so 'brimming over with passion that he dared mire than Mice to call O'Kans a " per jurer " and the Police Magistrate heard him and made no remark until his attention was called to the language. Does Mr. gellheim understand what is due to his own position? lie knows that Mr.O'Kane is bound over to "his good behaviour " is it fair or manly to allow Milford to usje language calculated to provokfi a breach of the peace there and then,? If ench a breach of the peace occurred wanld not the Police Magistrate be a contributing cause i He has constables at Mb beck and he should use them. It is very certain that if Mr. Dicken were on the bench he would soon pat a stopper on Milford's insolence. Mr. Sellheim appears to be cowed by both Milford and Morgan. Me has no plpck as we under stand British pluck and he shows no true ap preciation ofthe respect due to himself as the representative of British law. lie is insnltedeveiy day in his court with impunity. When Mr. U'fiane appears in a <case in' his jBopti he has a lair claim to the protection of the Bench from the brutai and unprovoked attack of any Milford. Mr. Sellheim haying <J*J£ane Ebonld-at leas* not sit quietly by and see another maiiHBbike him $&ilst; his hands are tied. fntgtisbman would lend MmmifV to cowardice, Nor do ve think! eondnctT Thk arrest of Mr. Thomfea '^dwaids ->lhe - manager tbl the Day Dawn, for thp^tnjujr slaughter jof Elsbniy and Morton, caused, through his -*egl£>ct has cassed considerable Themen -"n» »Hw jlt(swu OU the 4th of" March, the enquiry began on Tuesday the 7^h and WBs clos&doa; the 18th Marc^ wheu " ihe Inspect©)- of Mineswas present. It has taken all the ,time since for the Attorney General to pot the law In motion. liither there was WBebTin April when. ttie was sent .down or there was not j if there was'not; tin ease should have dropped." What has moved the Attorney general after this lapse of time to order a prosecution ? Is there an "under ground " wire at work and does he travel lor news. This eysternof referring such questions to the Attorney General is a farce. The old system of coroner's inquests was based on common -sense, and the sooner -we go back to it the betier. We are governed now from Brisbane, Police- Magistrates take their in structions for prosecutions now from Brisbane No oue is safe under this system. E&WMd; IS. may hie* resuscitated again and the Star Chamber. The tmly protection against "in structions from Brisbane " is to summon a full Bench, and perhaps there is enough spirit left in the lam Ma&strates; to make .a stand against this firiBbans lnfla<9ice called into action by some mysterious agency working at ^ Charters Towers. Lietenast ROSE had a capital house on Satarday night at the School of Arts, and the andience were highly delighted with the en- j tortainiwent. His card and some of his other tricks were performed in a masterly manner, but did not excite much enthusiasm, Hasel mayer having &hpwn; several of them here! before, but bis spiritualistic revelations fairly! caught the house, and caused great surprise. Lieutenant Hose in undertaking to expose humbug is "foiling against the stream," for: the wprld de'ightB in being bamboozled, and sfpoe the tame of Moses" rod swallow all; wonders with open mouths. We have mai y ! " level-headed " men here who firmly believe iu | spiritnalism, and some of tliem present on I Saturday night, saw t)ie '' bottom knocked oat" of some of the delusions in which they believe. The cabinet trick with the bell riugiug and the rest of the foolery gener- j ally credited to spiritualistic ageucy was per formed by Lieutenant Base by natural means. Faces were produced, hands all of the true ghost pattern. Dr. Blade's slate writing was also exposed. The mind reading experiment j wasperhapB the hardest initio crack. Seseiri or eight persons in the hall wrote questions ] on slips of paper. They were folded up, placed on a dish and burnt. After the inter mission Lieutenant Rose repeated all the questions which were found to be correct, j fie explained the principle to be hyperesthesia or an aonormal sensitiveness, which in his case he says was induced, when being taken during : the civil war in America, he was condemned to be hanged as a spy, and stood with the rape round his neck. At supreme ? moment the Federal troops charged in, and be I was saved. The slate of ejeqhation into which hewas then thrown recuts under given conditions, «ad he can then see through stone j walls, and s*cn discover the meaning of some articles in the To»?^ ,CemM, *pi*t UtS theory whe.her it satufius the spirituaista , is opeo to The ghost ^as trotted out on the stage in the proper costume bettt-1 tang ghosts,' while the lieutenant was fast ' tMund iu the cabinet. The ventriloquism was very well dune, and caused considerable amusejneut^ The en?ertauuOent is well worth seeing. Owing to the rain thwe was no j»er forr^ance last night", tiieutenaot Kose, left this qiorning for Townsvilie. lie iuiends to return shoitiy, and we. are sure he wiil get a huarty. reception, as he intends to mesmi few channing yonng ladies to " join in." ?MUT ^V.yjg0jjQaa^Sil£^ lis caBtal&d;()P agriculturist, ?xter, Jn this iclosely printed inforraa ie greatest importance to the pastoralist and agriculhiraljst. ^ The sub ject is treated in a most exhaustive manner and widi tally German scientific comprehen siveness and imriiitanHB of detail. We recom. ninifmif ranbolder to get s copy, the price is 2a.6d. THERE was a taffie held in the Exchange Hotel on (Saturday night, and it went offvery successfully. . The object of theraffie was in .fid of a defence food for a Free Press. It mas got up by men who do not boast of lordly possessions but they have a strong lore foijfree speech andfree discussion. Alec Dearie gave . cow and a. calf for the purpose, and by the <MW«tonnft of -Messrs Parsons and Palon and often carried lite tiling torn very snocessfhi issue, The amount of money obtained may exeitethederisionof fte millionaires of the field, bnt it is not the amount of money given that is the most important thing, it is the spirit displaced. The men who helped in this movement have proved themselves the friends of progress and truth. They are entit'.ed to our best frhanhw, "and whilst we pursue the same conrse we can rely on the support of the sturdy class they represent. * j YESTERDAY afternoon there was a consider able crowd assembled on the Court House verandah before the business of the Court commenced. When. the doors were opened there was .a rash. Tiie . Police Magistrate when be took his Beat opened with a lecture to the " boys," he said their conduct on the verandah was disgraceful,. and if there was a repitition of it he should get the constables to take the names Of the disorderlies down, and he would fine them to the extent the law allowed. Dear me ! how moral and civilized we are getting. With all due respect to the Police Maeisteate, we thinft. his advice should be directed to some of the people inside his Court, who turn it habitually into a bear garden without -a word of remonstrance from Mm. The people on the verandah were doing noth ing oat of the way, there was some pushing to get in, but that shoaldnot rile the dignity of the Bench. Point de tele, too tnuchee, entirely, your Worship. Before you take to lecturing miners begin on the lawyers 