MAN'S WORK. Men's proper business in this world (says John Buskin) falls mainly into three divi sions :— First, to know themselves, and the existing state of the things they have to do with. Secondly, to be happy in themselves and in the existing state of things. Thirdly, to mend themselves, and the existing state of things, as far as either are marred and mendable. These, I say, are the ttree plain divisions of proper human business on this earth. For there three iiit; ivuumug oic usuaujr auusubuwu ouu adopted by human creatures. First, to be totally ignorant of themselves and the exist ing state of things. Secondly, to be miserable in themselves and in the existing state of things. Thirdly, to let themselves and the existing state of things alone (at least, in the way of correction.) The dispositions which induce us to manage thus wisely the affairs of this life seem to be— first, a fear of dis« agreeable facts and conscious shrinking from clearness of light, which keep us from examining ourselves, and increase gradually into a species of instinctive terror at all truth, and love of glosses, veils, and decorative lies of every sore. Secondly; a general readiness to take delight in anything past, future, far off, or somewhere else, rather than in things now, near, and here ; leading us gradually to place our pleasure piincipally in the exercise of the imagination, and. to build all our satis faction on things as they are not. Which power being one not accorded to the lower animals. Where you are ignorant at least be reve rent. — Janus liinton. That man is a bad preacher in the pulpit who is not a good preacher out of it. When men choose to yield, Fate is always imperative. — D. Christie Murray. Live, ami be happy in thyself, and serve This mortal race thy kin so well, that men May bless thee. — Tennyson's De Profiindis, giT Thomas Fuller, one of the most quaint and graphic of the old English writers, strikingly denned 'policy to consist in serving God in such a manner as not to offend the devil.' For the Father's business is everything, and includes ail work that is worth doing. We may say in a full, grand sense, that there is nothiDg but the Father and His business.— Geo. MacDonald, The three reasons which a good woman presented for objecting to a preacher were striking ones. She said that in the first place he read his sermon ; in the second he did not read it well ; and in the third place it was not worth reading. In Scotland, on the ordination of the elders, a grave old doctor delivered the charge : — 'Me brethrin, rule weel, rule weel, but rule sae that nae a mon or bairn i' the kirk will know that they are ruled. Me brethrin, pray God to give ye common sense. It is axe 8 chief grace o' an elder.' At the Derby Church Congress, a striking feature was the appearance of Father Ignatius In the monastic garb, with shaven head, and wearing a crucifix. In the course of his re marks he expressed his conviction that not morcthanoneintwenty of the clergy has really received the Holy Spirit, andsaid he would far rather listen to a Methodist minister who had been in the Holy Ghost's school and possessed the Holy Ghost in his heart, than to all the college dons who had ever yet sought religion and Christianity. Bishop Simpson (U.S.A.), at the laying of the corner stone of a new church, made the following point :— *' Our answer to those who assert that Christianity is dying out is simply this— we build more churches. The line of argument cannot hold against the line of action. Infidelity builds no churches, founds no asylums, endows no universities. Unbelief provides no refuge for the infirm and poor, nor furnishes help nor comfort for those who weep.' The subject of prayer is a deep mystery. To the masculine intellect it is a demonstrable absurdity. For, says logic, how can man's will modify the Will of God, or alter the fixed decree? And if it cannot, wherein lies the use of prayer? Bat there is a something migh'ier than intellect and truer than logic. It is the faith which works by love — the con viction that in this world of mystery, that which cannot be put in words, nor defended by argument, may yet bs true. — F. W. Bdbertson. I believe that any man can make himself an atheist speedily by breaking off his own personal communion with God in Christ; but if he keeps this unimpaired I believe that that no intellectual study, whether of nature or of man, will force him into atheism ; but, on the contrary, the new creations of oar knowledge, so to speak, gather themselves into a fair and harmonious system, ever re volving in their brightness around their proper centre, the throne of God. Prayer and kindly intercourse with the poor are two great safeguards of spiritual life — its more than food and raiment.— Dr. Arnold, of liugby. Canon Girdlestone, at the Gloucester Dio cesan Conference, spoke strongly of some of the irreverence existing in the Salvation Army as a reason why they should not, as members of the Church of England, in any way actively combine with the Salvationists. Ons of their hymns, sung to a well-known tune shouted at public dinners, has thi3 refrain : — ' For He's a jolly {rood Saviour, Van He's a .jolly good Saviour, For He's a jolly good Saviour, W hich nobody can deny.' William Hone, author of 'The Every Day Book,' was during the greater part of his life an avowed infidel, with a most bitter hatred of Christianity. Afterwards his views underwent a change, and he was baptised by the Rev. Thomas Binney, of the Weigh House ChapeL He professed his faith In Christ in the following lines : — ' The proudest heart that ever beat Hath been subdued in me ; The wildest will that ever rose To acorn Thy cause, or aid Thy foes, Is crushed, my God, in me. Thy will, and not my will, be done ; My heart is wholly Thine ; Confessing Thee. the Almighty Word, My Saviour Christ, my God, my Lord, Thy cross shall be my sign.' 