Intercolonial News. New South Wales. SYDNEY, August 5. [FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.] HENRY KENDALL is dead! The first of Australian poets, the sweet but unhappy singer whose lays have won their way to all Australian hearts, has gone to his last account, leaving a rich legacy of song behind him as his monu ment, and a world of sorrow as his shroud. One cannot think of the life and the death of poor Kendall without a pang of sympathetic sorrow. His genius was clouded by misfortune, his spirit crushed by" the cruellest of all adversities—those which spring from the errors and the vices of self. It is somewhat strange that the two brightest ornaments of Australian literature, Dcnichy and Kendall—tho one as unquestionably at the head of prose literature as the other was indisputably the sovereign of native singers—should have lived so unhappily and gone to premature graves after giving the brightest promises of future greatness. But bo it is. The critical faculty was in Denichy a not lesa rich endowment from Nature than was the poetical in Kendall. Yet how did they use their gifts ? But it is ungenerous to ask. We know that Kendall sung more sweetly, more divinely than any other son of these southern climes—that he was to Australia what Burns was to Scotland, and we know also that he suffered—that there was little of sunshine in even the brightest of his days; and that is enough. As far back as ten years ago he thus wrote of himself— He has no need, liko many a bard, To sing imaginary pain, BecauseTho bears, ana finds it hard, Tho punishment of Cain. And now that the poor broken spirit has taken its flight, his songs and his sorrows strike a sym pathetic chord in every breast. Henry Kendall was a man of generous impulses, though all his botter instincts were latterly under a cloud. He was no man's enemy but his own ; and it is no exaggeration to say that a profound feeling of pity has been excited by his premature decease. The immediato cause of his death was consumption, brought on by exposure and neglect and excess. It was hoped that his recent appointment as Inspector of Forests would have been the beginning of a new life; but those who saw his poor wan face, the attenuated frame, and the sunken eye which once beamed so brightly, must have felt satisfied that the end was not far off. Latterly ho was but the ghost of his former self, physically; while intellectually his decline can be distinctly traced from a period of something like half a score of years back. In none of his later productions is there to be found the strength, and beauty, and originality that distinguish his earlier poems—nay, he not unfrequently of late descended to doggerel of the lowest ballad monger type, besides being at times guilty of many (possibly unconscious) conspicuous plagiarisms. It is to the earlier creations of his genius, and not to his recent writings, that we must look in seeking to determine Kendall's worth as a poet. His death has had the natural effect of stimulating into the liveliest activity the homage due to his genius as a singer, but it does not appear to have evoked any considerable tenderness of regard for the man Kendall; for although he died in the very heart of Sydney, and was buried at one of the most easily accessible of metropolitan " God's acres," not twenty persons could be found to follow his poor remains to their last resting place, and of these not half-a-dozen could bo considered as in any sense representatives of literature, while jour nalism was entirely unrepresented, save by one or two newspaper reporters. So much for the poet, and so much for the man. While Poetry has thus sustained so great a bereavement, Art has had to go into mourning soon after for the removal of one of her chil dren. Following close upon the demise of Kendall was the sudden taking off of poor Gus. Wangenheim. Gus. was one of the identities of Sydney life. Not to have known this genial German was to argue yourself unknown. He was a genuine artist, though his range of ac complishments was not by any means restricted to the pencil. Art, however, was his forte. As his thoroughly genial and withal kindly dispo sition invariably led him to look upon the humourous side of everything, his genius naturally affected caricature, and as a cari caturist Wangenheim can scarcely be said to have had a superior. The incomparable Clint, of course (I am speaking only of local celebrities) excels every other in the fidelity of his portraits and the marvellous delicacy of touch that distinguishes all his works; but, as a broad humorist and a rapid delineator, Wan genheim was decidedly superior to Clint and to any other artist in the colony. He was to Clint what a low comedian is to a high comedian. He has been known to set a room full of people in roars by a few dashes of his pencil, or a few strokes with a lump of chalk on a blackboard. When he was hotel-keeping the walls of his hostelry were literally covered with caricatures of politicians, actors, and other celebrities, ana these curious sketches were the ad miration and the delight of the host of fre quenters of his popular " pub." in Castlereagh -Btre t; but the vandals who succeeded Gus. knew not their worth, and remorselessly rubbed them out—onljr awakening to a sense of their value when tho gifted caricaturist himself was rubbed out. Gus. was a competent musical and dramatic critic in addition to his qualities as an artist. Miss Emma Wangenheim, who is, I believe, pretty well known in Queensland, was his daughter, and doubtless inherited such lyrical gifts as nature may have endowed her with from her paternal relative. Perhaps, though, after all, Gus. Wangenheim will be longest remembered for his social qualities—his honiely, easy, unaffected conversational powers being the delight of all his companions. There was just the faintest approach to egotism in Gus. Wangenheim. Egotism, perhaps, is too offen sive a word to use. Gus*s. self-appreciation, as it may be more fitly termed, may be said to have resembled the quality of egotism much in the same way as the mist resembles the rain." Sof ar from its being objectionable it really constituted one of the charms of his conversation, and was thus, in its way, as pardonable and as tolerable as was the egotism of Bousseau. Now that he is gone, all who knew him feel that a void has been created in the social life of Sydney, which at any rate, as far as the present generation is concerned, can never bo filled up. The annual celebration in connection with the Sydney University, held last Saturday, was an unusually brilliant affair. Never before, on any similar occasion, had the great hall of Alma Mater presented such a thronged and animated appearance. Lord Augustus Lof tvs this year attended, and made a speech. Last year his Excellency thought fit to absent himself, and incurred no little censure for declining his patronage, particularly as the Princes were hero at the time, and were kept away from the com memoration, as it was thought, through Go vernment House influence. However, the difference, whatever it was, between the Go vernor and the University authorities, has now been smoothed away, and it is hoped that the first occasion on which royalty was not repre sented at the annual gathering of our principal educational establishment will be the last. The special attraction this year was the new organ, which the senate has had imported, and which was played upon on Saturday last for the first time in public. Considerable difficulties—at one time thought insurmountable—have had to be overcome in connection with this costly instrument, but the builder managed to have it sufficiently ad vanced to allow of some tunes being played upon it. It gave every satisfaction. The tone is rich and powerful, and the instrument promises, when in thorough going order, to be inferior to none in the colony, though that is not, in itself, saying a great deal. Another new feature in the celebration of this year was the appearance of a couple of ladies among the candidates for matriculation. This is the first time that the gentler sex has been thus repre sented in the race for superior education in this colony, and, now that the breach has been entered, it is expected that many others will follow where Miss Mary Elizabeth Brown and Miss Isola Florence Thompson have led. With regard to the business of the day, the worthy professor of classics, Dr. Badham, became the most conspicuous object by the speech he delivered on the policy of the senate in abandoning the compulsory teaching of Greek and Latin in favour of degrees in science. Dr. Badham, who is, as everyone knows, the foremost classical scholar in the country, deplores the determination of the senate not to continue to cram the dead lan guages down the throats of students, nolens volena; and in uttering his final protest against the new departure, the worthy professor some what lost his temper and his balance of mind, and said some rather unclassical as well as irreconcilable things. In one part of his speech he threw out dark hints that great evils were about to dawn upon the University which could throw over Greek and Latin for science, while in another he "looked forward with perfect cheerfulness to the future." The whole speech of Dr. Badham was gloomy in tone, and in striking contrast to the spirited and hopeful address of the chancellor, Sir William Manning, who, looking at the extraordinary increase in the number of matriculants, the highly satisfactory nature of tho "exams.,'' and the financial pros perity of the University, predicted for the University, with some degree of confidence, "the dawn of that bright day for which we have waited and watched for years." With regard to Dr. Badham's complaint, that the study of Greek and Latin are only to be optional in the future, and not compulsory, the senate was in reality forced to take the course it did; it was merely complying with a demand that has been steadily growing for years past, until at length it became irre sistible. Dr. Badham, erudite man though he be, has yet to learn that the laws which govern educational institutions are not of the Medea and Persians order, and must advance with the march of all mundane affairs. Tho Narrabri selections promise to develop into a worthy rival of the Milburn Creek scandal. They have, at any rate, enriched the land law literature of the country with one expressive phrase—to wit, "erysipelas selec tions," and in future the term "erysipelas" will, in connection with the land, be synony mous with dummying. I referred a fortnight ago to the fact of six free selections having been taken up on runs in the Narrabri district by six aged paupers from the erysipelas hos pital at Parramatta. So much public attention was directedto the transaction that the Minister for Lands instituted an inquiry, which has resulted in his declaring void the whole of the selections in question, and confiscating to the Crown all the purchase-money, amounting to nearly a thousand pounds; and further, the Government has decided to prosecute criminally all the parties connected with this equivocal piece of business. This determination on the part of the Government has created quite a commotion among squatters, though it can not be said to have excited much surprise, for the whole transaction was a most glaring one, and seems to have been entered upon without the slightest apprehension of consequences. The truth is that "erysipelas" dummying has become quite an established practice among squatters whose runs are in danger of having their "eyes" picked out by their natural enemies—the selectors. And the thing had really got to be looked on simply in the nature of a trick of trade, though, to be sure, a fraudu lent trick. It was one of the self-protecting devices of the squatter to checkmate the selector, forced on him by the crude and anomalous land law which Sir John Robert son, in his political dotage, is never tired of extolling, and under which the State enters into a bargain with a man one day and vir tually breaks it the next. Our iron horse is making his way towards your border as fast as the Government stroke will enable him. He has now got as far as Uralla. The extension thereto, being an addi tion of 130 miles to the great Northern line, was formally opened this week. The Attorney- General was the only member of the Govern ment who attended, and Mr. Wisdom was true to his political as well as to his legal nstincft (and to his name) by firmly resisting all the blandishments of his hospitable entertainers in the Worth by which they endeavoured to coax from him some intimation of the Minis terial policy for next session. The only infor mation yet vouchsafed an expectant public is that the policy of the Government (particularly in regard to railways) is to be *' liberal." That seems to satisfy the patriotic masses, and they are for the moat part content to wait for the Speech to beput into the mouth of his Excel lency the Governor, in the composition of which it is not improbable Sir Henry Parkes (who is expected back in eight or ten days' time) has been occupying his spare moments on board the John Elder. His Excellency, by the-by, would not appear to be at all popular among the Uralla people, for I am assured that on the mention of Lord Augustus Lof tvs's name at the railway demonstration an unmis takable growl of dissatisfaction arose from the assembled denizens of the North." And all because the old gentleman would not under take a five or six Tiundred mile journey in the depth of winter, to add the eclat of vice-royalty to the red-letter day of the New Englanders. They are keeping John Davies in hot water at the City Council. A foolish hint by the aldermanic C.M.G., that he would in some way or other let the cat out of the bag about every one of his civic brethren, has simply had the effect of adding fuel to their fire, and they dare him and defy Him. There is now pending an ugly charge about Mr. Davies having charged the mayor for a couple of hats which he was supposed to have presented to somebody, but which do not appear to have been received by the parties concerned. At the council meeting, held this week, this "hat trick," as they play fully terra it, was the theme of another energetic onslaught by the irrepressible M'Elhone, but Alderman Davies was not in his place. 'Twas pleaded that he was too ill to attend. Nothing is more certain, however, that he was not too ill to attend. The discussion was deferred, and the hats are still hanging over the head of the unfortunate C.M.G. The little smallpox scare is dying out. Owen. the only patient so far, is recovering, and people are congratulating themselves upon the prospect of immunity from the inconvenience and loss which another outbreak of variola would inflict on the community. 