T H E O A LOVE STORY. By Mas. Frances Hodgson Burnett, Author of " That Lass o' Lowrie's." Chapter II.—The Arrivax,. A great deal of hard work was done during the following week. The remodelling of the outfit was no light labor; but Pamela was steady to her trust, in her usual practical style. She trimmed, and fitted, and cut, until the always- roughened surface of her thin forefinger was rougher than ever. She kept Theo at work at the smaller tasks she chose to trust to her, and watched her sharply, with no shadow of the softened mood she had given the candlc-lighted bedroom a glimpse of. She was as severe upon any dereliction from duty as ever, and the hard ness of her general demeanor was not a whit relaxed. Indeed, sometimes Theo found herself glancing up furtively from her tasks, to look at the thin, sharp face, and won dering if she had not dreamed that her arms had clasped a throbbing, shaken form, when they faced together the ghost of long dead love. But the preparations were completed at last, and the trunks packed; and Lady Throckmorton had written to say that her carriage would meet her young relative's ar rival. So the time came when Theo, in giving her farewell kisses, clung a little closely about Pamela's neck, and when the cab door had been shut, saw her dimly through the smoky glass and the mistiness in her eyes; saw her shabby dress and faded face, and half-longed to go back; remembered sadly how many years had passed since she had left the dingy seaport town to go to London, and meet her fate, and lose it, and grow old before her time in mourning it; saw her, last of all, and so was whirled up the street and out of sight. And in like manner she was whirled through the thronged streets of London, when sne reached that city at night, only that Lady Throckmorton's velvet-lined carriage was less disposed to rattle and jerk over the stones, and more disposed to an aristocratic, easily swung roll than the musty vehicle of the Downport cabman. There was a queer excited thrill in her pulses as she leaned back, watching the gas lights gleaming through the fog, and the people passing to and fro beneath, the gas lights. She was so near her journey's end that she began to feel nervous. What would Lady Throckmorton look like ? How would she receive her ? How would she be dressed ? A hundred such simple, girlish wonders crowded into her mind. She would almost have been glad to go back—not quite, but almost. She had a lingering, inconsistent re collection of the contents of her trunks, and the sapphires, which was, nevertheless, quite natural to a girl so young and so unused to even the most trivial luxuries. She had never possessed a rich or complete costume in her life ; and there was a wondrous novelty in the anticipation of wearing dresses that were not remodelled from Pamela's or her mother's cast- off garments. When the carriage drew up before the door of the solid stone house in the solid looking silent square, she required all her courage. There was a glare of gaslight around the iron grating, and a glare of gas light from the opening door, and then, after a little confusion of entrance she found her self passing up a staircase under the guidance of a servant, and so was ushered into a large handsome room, and formally announced. An elderly lady was sitting before the fire reading, and on hearing Theo's name she rose, and came forward to meet her. Of courseit was Lady Throckmorton, and, having been a beauty in her long past day,, even at sixty- five Lady Throckmorton was quite an imposing old person. Even in her momentary embarrassment Theo could not help noticing her bright, almond-shaped brown eyes,-and the soft, close little curls of fine snow-white hair that clustered about her face under her rich black lace cap. " Theodora North, is it?" she said, offering her a wrinkled, yet strong white hand. "I am glad to see you, Theodora. I was afraid you would be too late for Sir Dugald's dinner, and here you are just in time. I hope you are well, and not tired." Theo replied meekly. She was quite well, and not at all tired, which seemed to satisfy her ladyship, for she nodded her handsome old head approvingly. "Very well, then, my dear," she said. "I •will ring for Splaighton to take you upstairs, and attend to you. Of course, you -will want to change your dress for dinner, and you have not much time. Sir Dugald never waits for anybody, and nothing annoys him more than to have dinner detained." ■ Accordingly, greatly in awe of Sir Dugald, whoever he might be, Theodora was pioneered out of the room again, and up another broad staircase, into an apartment as spacious and luxurious as the one below. There her toilet was performed, and there the grey satin was donned in some trepida tion, as the most suitable dress for the occasion. She stepped before the full-length mirror to look at herself before going down, and as she did so, she was conscious that her waiting woman was looking at her too in sedate approval. The grey satin was very becoming. Its elaborate richness and length of train changed the undeveloped girl, to whom she had given a farewell glance in the small mirror at Downport, to the stateliest of tall young creatures. Her bare arms and neck were as soft and firm as a babys; her riant, un-English face seemed all aglow of color and mellow , eyes. But for the presence of the maid," she would have uttered a little cry of pleasure, she was so new to herself. It was like a dream, the going downstairs in the light and brightness, and listening to the soft sweep of the satin train; but it was singularly undream- like to be startled as she was by the rushing of a huge Spanish mastiff, which bounded down the steps behind her, and bounding upon her dress, nearly knocked her down. The animal came like a rush of wind, and simultaneously a door opened and shut with a bang; and the man who came out to follow the dog called to him in-a voice so rough that it might have been a rush of wind also. " Sabre !" he shouted. " Come back, yon scoundrel!" and then his heavy feet sounded upon the carpet. " The deuce!" he said, in an odd, low mutter, which sounded as though he was speaking half to her, half to himself. "My lady's protegee, is it? The other Pamela! Bather an improvement on Pamela, too. Not so thin." Theo blushed brilliantly—a full-blown rose of a blush, and hesitated, uncertain what etiquette demanded of her under the circum stances. She did not know very much about etiquette, but she had an idea that this was Sir Dugald, whoever Sir Dugald might be. But Sir Dugald set her mind at rest on Hear ing her. _ * . " Good evening, Theodora," he said, uncere moniously. " Of course it is Theodora ?" Theo bowed and blushed more brilliantly still. "All the better," said this very singular individual. "Then I haven't made a mis take;" and reaching, as he spoke, the parlor door at the foot of the staffs, and finding that the mastiff was stretched upon the mat, he favored him with an unceremonious but not unfriendly kick, and then opened the door, the dog preceding them into the room with slow stateliness. "You are a quick dresser, I am glad to see, Theodora," said Lady Throckmorton, who awaited them. " Of course, there is no need of introducing you two to each other. Sir Dugald does not usually wait for cere monies." Sir Dugald looked down at the lovely face at his side 'with a ponderous stare. He might have been admiring it, or he might not; at any rate, he was favoring it with a pretty close inspection, " I believe Sir Dugald has not introduced himself to me," said Theo, in some confusion. "He knew that I was Theodora North; but I " "Oh!" interposed her ladyship, as col lectedly as if she had scarcely expected any thing else, "I see. Sir Dugald Throck morton. Theodora—your uncle." By way of returning Theo's modest little recognition of the presentation, Sir Dugald nodded slightly, and, after giving her another stare, turned to his mastiff, ana laid a large muscular hand upon his head. He was not a very prepossessing individual, Sir Dugald Throckmorton. Lady Throckmorton seemed almost entirely oblivious of her husband's presence; she solaced herself by ignoring him. When they rose from the table together, the authoritative old lady motioned Theo to a seat upon one of the gay footstools near her. " Come and sit down by me," she said. " I want to talk to you, Theodora." Theo obeyed with some slight trepidation, the rich-colored old brown eyes were so keen as they ran over her. But she seemed to be satisfied with her scrutiny. "You are a very pretty girl, Theodora," she said. " How old are you?" " I am sixteen," answered Theo. "Only sixteen," commented my lady. "That means only a baby in Downport, I suppose. Pamela was twenty when she came to London, and I remember—Well, never mind. Suppose you tell me something about your life at home. What have you been doing all these sixteen years '?" "I had always plenty to do," Theo answered. " I helped Pamela with the house work and the clothes-mending. We did not keep any servant, so we were obliged to do everything for ourselves." "You were?" said the old lady, with a side-glance at the girl?s slight, dusky hands. " How did you amuse yourself when your work was done ?" - " We had not much time for amusements,". Theo replied, demurely, in spite of her dig* comfort under the catechism; "but some times, on idle days, I read or walked on the beach with the children, or did Berlin-wool wcrk." "What did you read?"' proceeded the august catcchisl. She liked to hear the girl t-allc. " Love stories," more demurely still, "and poetry, and sometimes history; but not often history—love stories and poetry of tones t." (To be continued J 