^ m m t n m m . THEATRE ROYAL.—The theatre was well filled in every part on Thursday evening, when the Misses De Gay took their benefit. During the time that Mr. Hudson's Surprise Party have been in Adelaide these young ladies have done much to enhance the value of the troupe as a company, and their excellent performances, both on the piano and on the violin, have always been greatly admired. The Walker Family of BeUringers, whose services have been secured for the remaining nights, played a number of selections in good style, and were frequently applauded. Tomorrow night, which will be the last the company will play here, Mr. Hudson will take his benefit, and in view of the great success which has attended his efforts, and the general popularity which he has gained, there will no doubt be a crowded house. CONCERT AT GLENELG.—Notwithstanding the rather unseasonable weather on Thursday evening, the knowledge that the Military Band would give its weekly concert at Glenelg was sufficient to induce a large number of persons to visit that place, thronging both the seawall and jetty. The Band, under Mr. Worsley's conductorship, gave in its usual efficient maimer a number of operatic and other selections, including pieces by Suppe, Verdi, Coote, Offenbach, and Meyerbeer. ST. LAURENCE'S CHURCH.—On Wednesday evening, January 25, an entertainment was held in the Roman Catholic schoolroom, Brompton, in aid of the Bazaar Fund for the St. Laurence's Church, North Adelaide. The building was found to be too small to hold all who attended. A good and varied programme, consisting of vocal and instrumental music, recitations, and clog dances, was exceedingly well carried out. Those who contributed were the Misses O'Brien, Gapper. and Nolan, and Messrs J. Bermingham, Hourigan, J. Rooney, J. Smith, E. Murch, P. Mollov, J. Eain, and F. Evans. Encores and floral offerings were freely bestowed during the evening, and in every case the performers kindly responded to the recall. The National Anthem, in which the audience joined, brought the concert to a close. The attendance was over 200. ACADEMY OF MUSIC.—Mr. Maccaba attracted another large attendance last night within the magic circle of his mirth-provoking influence. The unoccupied seats might have been counted on the fingers of the two hands. His impersonation of "men, women, and ghosts, his astonishing powers of mimicry, and his scarcely less astounding changes of costume delighted his audience so much that the building resounded with repeated shrieks of laughter and applause. BANKS ROWING CLUB.—Another heat in the trial fours of this club was rowed on the Ton-ens Lake on Thursday evening, when the E. S. & A. C. Bank crew beat the Commercial crew. This evening the final heat will be rowed between the E. S. & A. C, and the Bank of Adelaide crews. GEELOLN'G ANNUAL RACES.—This meeting was commenced yesterday, the first and second horses of tue first day's events being as follows:—Trial Stakes—Mr. LMcPherson s Santa Clans; Mr. Branch's Mistake. Handicap Hurdle Race—Mr. M. Loughlin's King 01" TrumiiS; Rhesus. Geelong Gold Cup- Mr. De Mestre's Guinea, 1; Mr. Ll. Phillips's Commotion 2; Mr. Cowell'« ""een, 3. Geelong Sires : Produce Stakes—Mr. E. De Mestre's Navigator; Sir Thomas Elder's Guesswork. Grand Stand Stakes- Sir Thomas Elder's Baron von Mueller. Connewarre Plate—Mr. Whittinghain's My Lord ; ill". J. Morrison's Glad Tidings. PORT RIFLE CLUB.—The third annual meeting of the members of the Port Adelaide Rifle Company (R.V.F.) was held at the Railway Hotel, Port Adelaide, on Wednesday night, January 25. Captain Hall, J.P., presided, and there was a good attendance. The annual report showed the present strength of the company at thirty-three, being five less than last year. The officers consisted of Captain and one Lieutenant (Lieutenant Wilke having resigned), one surgeon, four sergeants, ana three corporals. The company had fired two matches during the year, one with the Mounted Rifles, and the other with D Company, in both of which it was victorious. Ihs two inspections were well attended, and the company worked well, both in company drill when under the inspection of Major Feigusson, and in battalion drill under Colonel Downes The company drill, as a rule, had been badly attended, those members who inarched out evidently considering that they had discharged their debt to the country. A large amount of shooting had been done during the year, and the class- firing, so far as it had gone, had not been unsatisfactory. The members who competed for place in a squad to fire for Lieutenant-Colonel Lovely's prize showed some good shooting at practice, but did not do so well when it came to the final trial. At the annual matches the company were unfortunate, only one member (Sergeant Tolley) carrying off anything to speak of. The 'financial report showed that there was a balance of £14 15s. Sd. in hand. Captain Hall was appointed delegate to represent the company at the annual meeting of delegates; and the prizes won at the matches held on January 14 were distributed. The Captain stated that he had received a circular from the Council, requesting captains of companies to ascertain the feeling of their men on various Matters mentioned in the oircular, the decision of the majority of the members to be given to the Secretary of the Council at the annual meeting of delegates to be held in February. In discussing these subjects the feeling of the members was equally divided as to whether the uniform should be a blouse or a tunic. Tliey were generally unanimous that the colour should remain as at present—blue with red facings—but that if the colour was altered they would be strongly in favour of a grey uniform with red facings. It was thought, however, that if the colour and shape of the uniform were altered the expense incurred in obtaining new uniforms would cause many men to leave the force. It was decided that the conditions required bv rule 49 iu reference to the capitation allowance be left in the hands of the captain, as also was the subject of fixing the times for drill during the ensuing year. Sergeants Legoe, Davies, Servante, Corporal Mason, and Private J. B. Smith were re-elected the committee. OPENING OF A LODGE.—The formal opening and consecration of the Concordia Lodge, S.C., will take place at the Freemasons' Hall this evening. A banquet will afterwards be held in the Albert Hall, Pirie Street. 