ËÙfiOPBÂH^AMfilfàçÀfi BREVITIES, \ (Frmíhe Detroit Edio.) j THEPíesidenthas signed the anti-polygamy bilU "ri, , Jeff Davis is suffering from a serious throat disease. . 0 ; ' . ' «; Sarah Bernhardt is aide at Naples and spit' ting blood. . She is «.large stockholder io thc Suet Canal. ' De Lesseps is in Egypt considering a project f pr widening the Suez Canal. ,Cardipal Manning refuses to drink wine though Ordered to do s'o by his pbysioian. OT Daniel Webster's family, only {two .are' now living, children of his' daughter Julia, ' John, 8..:Gough hu lost ibis voice and cancelled his lecture engagements. A eoattr Florida lake is «aid to contain enough alligators lo build a fence around it fonr feet high. Small-pox ia raging in Hayti. Nearly 5000 deaths have occurred at Port-au- Prince and vicinity. ! Mnnkáesy^lgreat piotare,^" Christ before Pilate," has been bought by the Austrian" Government. The nsw. censos gives Italy a population of about 29,000,000. All the large cities show an inorease except Florence. The flood is subsiding rapidly in Arkansas and' Mississippi, bot is «till at the highest point ever known in Louisiana. Florida mosquitoes carry off live sheep. This story IOOKB much less improbable after yon have once seen a Florida sheep. Queen Victoria gives a part of each day to the consideration of important «Ute of affairs, and signs no paper unread. Tbs mormon immigration fand amounts to $60,000 a year, and the church receives about 2000 members from abroad annually. Mme. De Balzac, widow of the great novelist, has sold her famous house in Paris to one of the Rothschilds for 600.000 francs. -, ' Valley' Mills, Texas, struck by a cyclone, and only one house in the village left stand- ing. Many persons injured, but none fatally. Another old bible; W. R. Cornwell, of Flint, bas one 296 years old. It beats all how some folks do keep their bibles without wear- ing them ont Tho new census gives the United States 92,653 Protestant churches, 71,662 ministers, and 0.003,060 . members , of Protestant churches,'1 " Your people are gods, only they have to eat," was the remark of the Zuni Indian after fais first ride on a locomotive at Washington the other day. The French Government has introduced a bill permitting witnesses to affirm on their bopour and conscience instead of taking the oath.- ' * The Iiondon Times thinks there is no serions dinger-ot"War between Austria and Russia, or of ;,¡tb» outbreak of Slavpnio storm upon Germany. A young cpnpU were baptized together the other day at.Tronsdale, Tenn., and , were immediately afterward married in their drip- ping garments by the same clergyman. The English colony which recently bought 60,000 acres of land near Jamestown, Dakota, will break np 6000 acres this season. They don't take any " Rugby " in theirs. Jennie Qnigley, one of the show Midgets, is said to have received an offer of marriage from an Illinois stock farmer who is Worth $200,000. The offer'wa« declined. The funeral services of the poet Longfellow, at; Boston, were conducted by bia brother. Ia some of the Buffalo churches his poemi were substituted for the sermons. .One Af the most substantial wharves ol Brooklyn, was made by dirt brought fran England, Germany, France, Italy and Npr way. It «as brought over a> ballast. A Toledo man called at a drag store to bu; some whisky for mechanical purposes. Closei questioning revealed the fact that be wai going to make an axe handle. Philadelphia« are preparing to celebrate the 20th anniversary of the landing of Wilban Penn, which occurs about the last of October the exact date being uncertain. . " When I gave up business " said a retirei merobantjtf settled down and found I had comfor^fW fortune. If I had settled up ^^àaaj^^K have had a cent." ^^^^Hcelegraphic system of England, whic ^H^^ated by the Government, is entrüste ^Runost exclusively to women, there being n Pjf less than seven hundred employed in th [The A'cio Fiori- Sun says that daring last yes that city expended about $4,000,000 fortli education of children and about 960,000,00 for drinks. 1 here were 9215 places in the cit where liquor wes sold. Some time ago Mrs. Brown, of Aile County, Ky., gave hirth to twins. Notwitl standing there is but lour minutes different in their ages, onetwas born in 1881 and tl other in 1882. V Guiteau's loquacity bas departed, bat he dot not not appear to he depressed. He «eldo rends the bible, never prays, and is getting (» The warder thinks his insolence and egotis will endure to the last. Gladstone's father o »ed to say his si William would " tain his country sud die ju madhouse." The old baronet left him a I handsome fortune i of $500,000, most of which has 'been lost in disastrous mining investments'^ . .... _jt> I Within the past ISO years there have beon thirty 'dverflowe of the Mississippi; similar to the present, and the records show that they recur at steadily shortening intervals and reach kstÄdily increasing height. ' ' l'x Josephite mormons ure telling a sensations! story/to the effect that Brigham; Young, is not dead but' concealed' by tue leaders' of the church with'« view.to reviving the enthusiasm of the saints one of these days by the miraole of Iiis resurrection. And now comes Prince Buaki with a posi- tive denial of the story that his son, the King of Ashantee, some time ago massacred 200 young girls in order to ase their blood in miling mortar for use in building a palace or temple, ', ' ,' ,. The new " Encyclopedia Brittanies, " makes the remarkable statement that " the belief in the appearance of ghosts is cow more widely spread and more firmly held among the educated 'olaSeses than lt 'has been for oeuturies." 1 A Parisian genius is making a fortune by leasing apartments and playingthe trombone in them daily until die exasperated neighbours take the lease off his 'hands at an advance, when he moves on and begins operations in another neighbourhood.' Since January 1 over 1,000,000 bushels of potatoes have been received in New York from Europe, some of which have .been sold to consumers as far west' as St. 'Louis. This does not speak well fol: the boasted produc- tiveness of .western farms. The: shabbily: dressed sheriff of Dallas county. Iowa, took a well dressed prisoner to the .penitentiary. The convict, coolly .sur- rendered tbs sheriff aa the prisoner, and the puztled warden detained hath nntil, they oould bs identified. Sergeant John A. Mason, who shot at Guiteau, has been sentenced.by court martial to dishpnourable discharge; from the army and eight years' imprisonment. : Mason appeared indifferent. A petition for bis pardon is being extensively circulated and signed. ?,, . ? A lady was singing lately at a , charity concert, and the audience insisted upon hearing her song a second time. - Her daughter, a little child, Waa present, and on being asked after- wards bow ber, mamma had sung, replied " Very badly, for they made her do it all over again." . . ... / t . An Oneida conjoty constable followèd a man on a tiresome nimble through tue woods, and then brought a suit against him for hunting on Sunday. The sportsman proved that he had gone ont with a wooden gun to fool thT official, and nov? he.has had. the constable arrested for perjury. , . ' A Belgian who landed at Castle Garden on Saturday has a pair of horns an' inch long protruding from his forehead. European surgeons who had investigated 'the strange growths decided that they were part bf the skull itself, and oonld not be amputated without endangering his life. A St. Louis paper tells of a panther being driven from its haunt by the water, taking refuge in the cabin, and being found in'a bed where several children were sleeping. It was caged and sent to the St. Louis Board of Trade to be sold for the benefit of the sufferers by the flood. A Grand Rapide girl, with that cunning for which her sax is noted, has caused the report to be oirculoted that she will have (21,600 in cash the moment she becomes of age.. She ie now getting fat on oyster suppers, ice creams, and invigorating influences of buggy rides tendered in profusion by the wealthy dry goods and grocery clerks in that town. 'The l?at> Tort Sun-reports sermons which were delivered in that city on Sunday last in the Spanish, Russian, Polish, Bohemian, French, German, ' Dntch, Hungarian, Italian, Hebrew and Scandinavian languages. It would appear from this Showing that in pro-, portion to their numbers foreigners are better provided with 'churches than the native New Yorkerai The lot in Mount Auburn cemetery in Which Longfellow's remains are interred, is situated ott a ridge path about one-eighth of a mile from the entrance, and on an eminence overlooking the beautiful heights of Arlington and the city of Cambridge. Two large elms, there being no other trees in the vicinity, will serve to guide to the spot the pilgrims who will here- after seek the. burial place of the author of "Evangeline." 