Yankee Gleanings. WE iafco the following foim the Han Fran cisco Ju'inittfl Jiulhthi of Dec. ICtli, 1881, kindly lent, us by a resident A small girl, who had Ijecn pondering upon the question o£ the sunrise and sunset gun, which die heard daily in this city, startled her father recently ?with the inquiiy : " Docs God shoot the sun up in the morning and Rhoot it down nt night ?" " My denr child,1' observed a good deacon to n» urchin who was polishing a cat's back with a blacking-brush on the Lord's Dny, " have you never ntlendcd Sunday school ?" " Naw," responded the gamin, frankly j " I don't go to places of nmuscmcut." An ingenious Baltimore enroll boy got a good kite string for a cent. He went iuto a drug store with his dog, called for a cent's worih of licorice and, when the clerk turned his back to get it, tied the end of the ball of twine on the counter to the dog's tail find gave the animal a kick. Georgia (four years old, nt the tea table) : " Mamma, mny I have sonic sardines ?" Mamma: "Wait till I'm ready, Georgia." Georgie (surprised) : "Why, ma, it's mc as wants "cm." Two Irishmen were poring over a newspa per, and coming to the heading " Latest," nnd then, immediately following it, to the head ing " Veiy Latest," one said lo the o1herf " An* sure, Tim, will yc be after explainm' what this mans ?" " Arrah, bedad," said Tim,41 nn' ICe mcself that can cxplaiu it to ye. Sure the latest is what coracs in time to be printed, nnd the very latest is what comes after the paper is out," Mi'. Marrowfat had boon complaining of nervousness nnd declared that of late lie felt so bad that nny cxcitemeut was most distress ing to him. One dny be asked the family physician what he should take for it " Is it noise that chiefly troubles you ?" 411 think it is," said Mr. Marrowfat. "Very well," resumes the astute and sympathizing Galen, " put a sjwonful of paregoric in your wife's coffee every morning." A countryman upon coming to see the Rights was taken by a town friend to a theatre, when the lights were down and the play had I commenccd he was offered an opera-glass. Examining it ns closely as the darkness of the placc would permit, be placed it to his mouth and turned it upward. Finding that no liquid WAS coming out of it, he handed ft back in despair, saying : " It's empty, John; there's no' a single drop in't" "What did you do with that letter that was on my tnblc ?" atked Gus De Smith of the colored boy who cleans up his room. " I tuck it to the post office, sah, aud put it in dc hole.1' " What did you do that for t Did you not sec there was no address on the envelope ?" " I saw dat dar was no w ritin' on dc 'velope, but I lowed ycr did dat ar on pnrpos^ so I couldn't tell who ycr was a writUT to. I'sc an odicatcd negro, I is."-lexa* Sifting*, There was an amateur theatrical perform ance a few nights ago in a fashionable man sion on Austin avenue. Gus De Rmiih was engaged to play 'he "Ghost" in Hamlet* "Now, Gus," said Ihc Manager, "all in the world you have to do is to come in and say, * I am thy father's ghost,' and you must do it in a deep sonorous voice," Gus said he wanted some hard part, where he might have a chance to spread himself, but finally agreed to do as be was told. When the ghost's turn came, he spoiled the tragic effect of the whole performance by saying : " I am thy father's ghost, and you must do It in a deep, sonorous voice."-Teams Sifting** "Look here, Matilda," said a Gal vert on lady to the colored cook, "you sleep right close to the chicken-house, and you must have heard those thieves stealing the chickens." "Yes, ma'ftm; I heerd dc chickens holler, and hcercd do woiccs ob dc nieu." "Why didn't you go out then F* " Cone, i»ft'am (bursting into tears) case ma'am, I knowed my ole faddcr was out dar, and I wouldn't had him know Fee lost confidcncc in him foah all dc chickens in dc world. If I had gone out dar aud kotched liim, it would hub broke his ole heart, and he would hab made mc lotc dc chickens home foah him besides. He donetolc mc day before dat he's gwinc to pull dem chickens dat night,"-Galveston Notts, "Mr. A. Is one of those people who rob Peter to pay Paul," said Mr. tt. " Baldly, hardly," responded Mr. C. "Our friend A, docs not do that exactly. He always stops after robbing Peter." A clothier 1ms excited public curiosity by having a large apple painted on life sign. When asked for au explanation, lie replied, " If it hadn't l>een for au apple, where would the ready-made clothing stores be to-day ?" u Come," said one of a couple of lawyers, sauntering through the new law courts in Milbournc the other day, "Let's take a look at what is to be in the new Court." " Yes," returned the oilier, *l let's visit the ground where we shall shortly lie." Music teacher-"Oh, yes, Miss Clotilda likes playing tunes well enough, but she shudders at the very mention of the scales." llctii'cd Cheesemonger's wife (loftily):-411 should hope so, indeed 1 You'll bear in mind, sir, that we've notliink to do with the busi ness now/1 \- The moonlight stole through the Venetian blinds and illuminated the brow of the Xair Cincirnatian, as Alfred Delamayuc of Cincin nati stooped nnd pressed his lips upon it, say ing : "Your love for mo will be eternal as the light of the stars ?" "Yes, Al," she impulsively murmured, " I swear to love you as long a? pork fat will grease griddles." A little Ohio girl, making a contribution to the Garfield Monument Fuud, addressed a quaint letter to " Mr. Committee" in which she said : " I am a little girl seven years old, aud I live five miles from Hiram,'our dear President's former home. Now, my Uncle Oscar, living in Cleveland, said I could not spell hippopotamus. He bet mc a dollar. I won the liet. It is the first dollar 1 ever earned, and 1 would like you to please accept this as a token of love to our beloved Prcbi dent Garfield." The little girl's name is Eva Mny Folder, and her hoiuc is in Mantua. Ohio. A little colored boy some eight years old, belonging to one of the frccduicn schools at Ed into, S. C., who had just learned to write, failed to attend school one dny on account of the rain. The next dny he appealed iu his place, and handed the teacher the following written excuse : Edisto, S. C, Dear and Affectionate Tc/ichcr: I sorry I couldn't come to school on Friday, but I couldn't 'cause it ra'ii. That the way it go in the world. If the Lord shut the door, no man can open the door; if the Lord open the door, no man can shut the dooi; ana if the Lord say'it rain, no man can Mop it rain; but the Lord do all things well, and you oughtn't to growl. Yours truly scholar, JUKI: Millie Jenny Liud has been spending the summer 1 nt Great Malvern, tingland. I A sensational mode of attracting donations ' has liccn adopted in England on the occasion l known as "Hospital Snndny," when ladies I take up positions at different places in the ! streets and solicit, as unprofessional beggar?, alms of the passerby. Not fewer iliau 7G0 | ladies volunteered for the service, and on a recent Sundny were to be seen collecting at! street comers from an early hour in the I morning to a late one in the evening, a goodly amount, 1 believe, ljoing realised by this means. That royalty approves of the plan is evident by the fact that collcctors aro permitted to stand at Marlborough House, and also at Clarence House, the homes of the Princess of Wales and her sister-in-law, the Duchess of Edinburgh ; chairs and tables being supplied by cach of the royal house holds. The nxium that " n king's fnee should show gracc " is thus verified.-Lady Corres pondent, 