BY ELECTRIC TELEGRAPH.! I __ Tuesdav Nnrht. Nothing has transpired in the betting I market since my remarks to lead one to sup pose that any outride stable fancies their rhunoe beyond those I have named, exoept Stella's. At TattersnU's last night, after the settling, I and at the same rooms to-day, the principal I subject of gossip has been the winning of Sting on last Saturday, with bar shoes, and Buipriee at theHawkesbury Committee pass ing the matter over. The bookmakers, of course, suffered greatly by it, as they willingly laid fancy prices after the horee'n running nowhere in a small field. The Ring refuse to lay more than three to one against | bim for the Metropolitan, and tho public I accept even that. To my thinking more fools they, as will be seen by tbe tip given presently. The only other nags being backed are Stella, who baa gone from 15 to \ Jat sight to 10 to 1 to-day, and Britisher, who is now at 12 to 1. I do not care for the mire's obsoce, as she doesn't look like a stayer. Britieher, however, ran somewhat in lotting form, and Sam Cracknell rides him again. Thn OffRviftlr tmpIp or . — r-«; »»» quiev uvw, though they supported their home a abort I time since, and he appears fit. j The names of Lord Burghley, Barber, Proctor, Gipsy Cooper, Saunterer, Sweet William, or Gudarz, are never heard in the betting room. Sardonyx, Masquerade, and Comet are occasionally taken on the quiet. Kingsworth, by-the-bye, is quoted at 10 to 1 , but it seems like forcing. lu regard to the Derby, the prioe of Segenhoe is 2 to I on him, end throngh some funk, folks talk about his. not starting, the public ma, reat smthdsd that the hon. Jsmea White s stable does Co hank, punk,, oooaequentl, m, advice is 'fitiok tohiin. ' | And now it ia my dangerous duly to give a . Metropolitan tip the day week before it is ran, whioh places me at a dis ad- Jl«Ting .tbe oonnge of.' m, opinions, as shown in the Masquerade tip for EawksbnTT which no other prophet in Melbourne or .Sydney ventured to give, at onoa I declare that I decline going for the favourite io the SYDNEY METROP. My selection heing Comet ob Masquerade, with Sting second or third. In making this advic I am not guided by prejudice against Mr. Rouse's chesuut, for be is a veritable plum, but the H&wketbury; Handicap winner has never yet won the Raudwick event, and I am quite sure Sting does not deserve the double victory. Moreover, with tbe distance increased half a mile, and both Comet and Masquerade meeting him oo better terms, and to my knowledge in probably better condition, the lighter weights ought to be at him. Comet's performance last week was wonderfully good, if analysed, and he might have been first at the judge's chair had be not bolted. Mean# will be taken to prevent this in the Metropolitan, and possibly : be may raoe in winkers, as The Ghost did at i Caulfleld. Should be go straight, he is in it up to bis neck, and Masquerade cannot be out at gdx stone. The race may not be run to suit Sting so well as the Handicap was, and tbe riders of the above light-weigbte now know lheir capabilities and how to take advantage thereof at the right time iiuftead of too soon. As Comet belongs to tbe Hon. John Eales, one of the most respected turf ites in Australia, tbe sporting publio may rely upon a straight run for their money, as welt as no trouble being spared to keep the horse himself straight on tbe course. The likeliest outrider for a place or a cockboat is BaSjJpa. Rtfljfeotibg the jumps, it is impossible to advise to-day, no market signs having been made, j Sbonld tbsy start, Lotilaib or Akxie XiAuara may either win the Hubslbs, and if Left Bowbb comes over be will win the Steeplkcbasf. If not, our Viotorian Kanaka, with Scobie op, ie worth invest ment. 