LAUNCElSTON . fo EXAMINER. o 'UBLISHED DAILY. ex P.RIDAY. MAlRCHIl 3, L882. IN returning to our review of. the new Mineral Regulations we commence with rO those relating to water-rights, twelve in -number, and as the regulations have been CO published in full in our columns" our at readers will be able to follow our criticism oa more closely. Section 17, authorising the pi granting of water-rights for any term not exceeding 21 years, is-sbnilar, to section 14of tioeoxisting rogulations, but amongst .the schedules in the new regula'ions is at given a form of grant, which did not exist in the old regulations. The- first- para graph of section 18 is entirely now, and ti jI?rvides that before apblying foira' iater- si right either the head of :the ree..or the end of it (where the water is to be stored) a must-be marked by a post and notice, which must be properly mainaiined until ti the aliplication is disposed of. Hitherto i therei,'eas iothing on the ground to show - where a race was intended to bo taken up, n orwhlatwater-rights were applidelforon any stream. The second paragraph of the sec tion is similar to existing regulations, but provides that thio applicationi' describing the water-right required must be lodged within 14 days after marking off. Sec- b tions 19, 20, and 21 are similar to existing b regulations. Sections 22 authorises the Commissioner to decide what widthl of ground will be required oni either side for the prptection of,a dam or race, and this is an improvement on the existing regulation providing a fixed width irrespective of local circumstances, which often, made it desirable that. a greater amount should be allowed, orrendered tihe amount fixed more than was absolutely necessary. Section 23 is also an improve ment, as it forbids the shifting ofthe head or heads of a race " without the aslthority of the Commissioner," whereas I the existing regulation forbids their: being shifted, and allows no discretionary power in the matter. Sections 24, order of priority of rights, and 25, water shall'not nmto-waste, are- similar to the existilig' regulations, and though 26, 'permitting the holder of a- water right to sell 'the water to which he is entitled' to others for mining or domestic purposes is now, yet a precisely similar provision exists in the Goldfields Regulations, and we do'not see that any objections can be raised to it. Section 27 is also new, and deals with a very important matter, as it settles definitely the quantity of water to which any lessee shall be entitled e for mining the claim held by liim, S"whore such water flows in, a natural channel, or is naturally deposited within the area of his claim." The amount is graduated according to the amount of labour and machinery employed on the claim, and is taken from similar, pro visions in the water right regulations of all hoe other colonies. 'Hitherto it has been a nmoot point whether a lessee was or was not entitled to 'the whole of any stream or river. flowing .through his ground, and the wording of the lease was such as to leave it doubtful. Our readers will remember that in a mr objection. raised some time back by tl~seBrisois T. AL Co., to an application rsiads by, the Brothi's' Hqmo No. 1 Co., for a water right from the Cassado River, the objectors claimed that they had a right to the whole ' of the water -in ?the Cascade River, which flowed through their claims, d and the Commissibnorin givinghis decision said this was a point he was not called upon to settle,' and that if the Briseis : Company had such as right they must establish it at law. The now regulation, however, will set all' such doubtful points at rest for the future, and n the leases will be leos vaguely worded )r with regard to rights over streams y and water-courses than heretofore, and an alteration will also be made to meet the last 'sentence in section 27, which gives the Commissioner a discretionary power to further limit, ·i quantity of water to be taken by the lessee in cases V) where it shall be proved the provision made is in excess of actual requirements. Section 28 introduces i' penalty not ex ceeding £29 -for breaches or default 'in ,- minor conditions of the terms on which the water right is granted. The remaining regulations relate to . miscellaneous atters. Section te 29, compensation' for land re sumed, is a formal, affair and already exists.' Section 30 is new, anid introduces a remarkable feature.. Hitherto tail \- races, lrains, reads, etc., have been made upon crown lands without any objection on the part of the Government, but there was no provision for granting authority to for such works, and consequently the k- owners have made them at their own risk, dt and have no power to protect them from damage or malicious injury. This section gives pesrmission to the Minister of Lands to grant such permission and to the Com missioner to revoke such permission should he see fit. This certainly seems a id novelty evon in Tasmanian Legislation. Had the section provided that the Commissioner might grant permission and the Ministerof Landsrevoke it if showni to be injurious, there would have been nothing unusual in it, but to give the d subordinate officera higher authority than his suporior certahily seems a somewhat extraordinary position for botl;' p~arties to occupy. We most decidedly think that the Commissioner, a being the dxecutive rd officor so far as the regulations 'an as crncorned,'would be thb one best able to Sascertain whethler an application of this kind in hIis district should be granted or not, leaving the Minister a power of be remedying any error in judgment he might commit. Section 3L also introduces rs a new feature, but one of which th6u y'ant has been experionced' in minilng op-r a tions, and oven more wths regard; to tail races in gold mining thaln ini tin mining. Thei section provides that the Conimias Ssilonor may authoriseo any' cerson to! use r another's "tail race, drain, road, tram way, or other work,"' upon payment of o, compensation, the' amount of whichlin cases of dispute is to be settled by arbi. Stration. We believe this projision will ,, be found useful, and now that its neces i sity has been recognised no doubt it wjll b he introduced into the next sciof gold oL fieldsregulatimos, whiclh save bo?' iu;ng ' while making their appearanco. Section :e 32 is formal, and section 53 similar td the Sexisting regulation 24;h but more fully 'x pressed. Sectimn s'4, impsingina penalty for permitting sludge, etc., to flow or ac unlulato, so as to cause public annoyance W. or do actual damage, is now but very no. In cessary, and a similar provision has long tot existed in the goldfields regulations. an Sections 35 and 36 are also now mi in tin mining but of long standing upon the goldfields. Section 37 is the only E0 retrospective regulation of the lot, and H makes the penalties for minor breaches of no conditions in mineral leases, water rights "0 and machinery .areas, applicable to all , existing leases. Section 38 is now, and hi provides._ that anlly person or per- pi sons who can prove to the satisfaction of o0 the Minister that mineral land with drxawon from selection on account of being eb supposed to be auriferous, is not auri- al ferous, and thereby cause the revocation tl of the proclamation, shall be entitled to a preforontal right to mineral claims on is such land. We presume this is intended k as ao inducemonit to parties who may have h ascertained such withdrawn land is not b auriferoius but contaiis mineral deposits, i to set. the Governmoent in motion and have it thrown oioen, by offering them a n preferential right. to the .first claims as conmpnsation for the time and labour it mtist cost them to convince the Lands c office it lios been mistaken. Sections 40, I 41 and 42, are similar to existing regula tions, and section 43, delivery of notice, can hardly be called new, because though c this is thre first tune the provision has a boon embodied in a regulation, it will k be found in the 26thsoctionoftheo 3ineral Lands Alt 1877. Soo6ion 44, the last of n the now regulations, provides that they s shall come into force on the 3rd April next, when the oxisting regulations will be rescinded, and before that date arrivoe we shall be glad to learn the opinion of t any of our readers oompotoetont to I judge, upon the practical working of the new features which these regulations will introduce. t Tin publication of the Assessment Rolls made under The Real and Persona 1 Estates Duties Act, 1880, has commenced, I and the last Gazette contains those for the I Sdiatricts of Solby, Portland, and Georgo Town. It is notorious that the valun tions.of country properties have long been very much understated, which has bean unfair to others, and itjurious to the dis tricts thomselvos,, inasmuch as the result ing rates have not been sufliioent to ac complish anything substantial in the way of road making or repairs. There was, therefore, great need for an alteration in i this respect, but it is not desirable to rush to the- other extreme. We r are. informed that in the rolls just l published many of the properties have been assessed at extravagantly high rates. 1 In the George Town district, to which our attention has been specially directed, 9 some properties are put down at a much higher value-in somo cases as much as four times-than the actual rental. Possibly this may have arisen from if ignorance of the character of the proper. ties, extent of area rather than r quality having been taken as the criterion of value. But however the error may have been. brought about it proves that the problem of how to secure an equitable valuation of property has not ybt been solved. In the mean s time all interested in the various rolls t should scrutinise them carefully, and ir where there are just grounds of complaint • appeal should be made to the Courts that Swill soon be held for the purposes of revision. \- MINISTERIAL.-Tho hon. W. R. Giblin, d Attorney-General, who for the past few days has been prosecuting 6n behalf of is the Crown at the Criminal Sittings of the it Supreme Court, left for Hobart by express train yesterday afternoon. Mr Giblin will act as Crown Prosecutor at the Crimi nal Sessions which commence at Hobart d on Tuesday, after which he will visit his d constituents on the Ncrth-West Coast. S CONCERT AT EvANDALL.-A concert, in d which a number of lady and gentlemen amateurs will take part, will be held at It the Council Chambers, Evandale, this ho evening. ReREoloUs.--The anniversary of the Scottsdale Wesleyan Church will take place on Sunday next, when the Rev. W. 'e Dawson will preach. A tea and public on meeting will be held on Monday arening. s, The harvest thanksgiving services to be held in St. Mark's parish, Doloraine, are announced. On Sunday next the Right Rn oev. Dr. Bromby, Bishop of Tasmania, 11 will administer the rite of confirmation at St. Mark's, Doloraine, at 7 p.m. On a Monday evening a tea and public meeting will be held in the Town Hall, Deloraine, in for the purpose of paying off the debt on o- the churoh. y WAx WOrOoK EnHIBIR ON. - A wax works exhibition will open at the Odd Fealows' Hall to-day, and as the show is stated by the press of the neighbouring lI colonies to be a first-class one tlh6 atten n danco of thle public should be large re during the season. The exhibition com prises, amongst other interesting sights, ty figures of tlhe Prince Imperial, Charles 0e Stewart Parnell, Esq., MI.P., the Queen k, and Royal Family, and the various mom m bers of the Kelly gang. IRoss MiUNicIPrAL ELEcION.--Nomina at tions for candidates to fill the place of d James Westbrook, Esq., in the Ross n- MIunicipal Council will close to-day. ao Ca Tcir.-A match will be played on SSaturday next between the Northern eleven and a united fifteen, as a final n. practice match for the eloeven before they he leave for Hobart to try conclusions with ad the Southerners on the 10th and 11th al instunt. Play will commence at 1"30 sn harp, and as this is an important match it is requested that all players will be he punctual. The following are tlhe names an of the players :-Eleven--l. Watson, G. t H. Arthur, J. Martin, W. L. Sidabottom, SL. Sams, W. Martin, E. Sims, W. Ded man, O. G. Douglas, E. Lucas, R. Same. at Fifteuen-T. R. Atkinson, W. Martin, v -W. Oroft, D. Gow, O. Ponnofathor, P. se Boland; J. Craib, II. MI'Konzieo, H. to Woodllibld, WV. Barnes, R. Baylos, J. Bayles, R- Camnoron, WV. Leonard, C. i Still, O. Glenn; emergencies, I1i. Lakin, or C. P'arsono.--A match, Cornwall r. of Perth, will be played on Saturday on the h ground of the former, play commencing at 2 o'clock sharp. The following team :o will represent Cornwall :-E. Sims, L. t Lvory, W. Millard, E. Edwards, A. a- Iarris, 0. R. Lawrence, F. Corpo, W. nil L. Stokes, WV. Carnlo, A. IIagon, T. Hague. The players are requested to be 6 punctual. \- Tu. WeaVkTEna.-Duiring the greater 100 part of yesterday the atmosphore was ,-. sultry tandl oppressive, bot a sudden of change set il about 5 p.mo., when the rain Sbegan to descend in torrents, and lasted ln witlout intermission for several hours. bi- AtI [midnight the rain had abated to a ill steady drizzlo, but there was no sign of ?. le cessation, and farmers lhave already had too nmuch wet in the heavy storms of ill the earlier part of the week, wlhichl were Id- almost unprecedented for that period of g tlhe year. ?MruAt Io'oIoovi.ocrNT A8souIATIoN. A meAeting of moembers of this Association 'e will he held to-night, when readings, retie x- tations, and dlecusesis, wsill.form the ly prograamle. WTmuses's HIDeeuecoN.-The talented Wheeler Tronpo will commonce a short tit season of throoe nights at the Mechanics' be Institute on Monday evening. The cl- to tortainment is said to be an excellentone, ve and the patronage of Launcsstonians will Pr most assuredly be liberal. h1 Tun WVAn.-suris.-Front our southern contemporary we learn that I.M.S. M Emerald, Captain Maxwell, will leave S1 Hobart an Saturday for Sydney, and it is not likely that she will over he seen here th again, as she is to be relieved by H.M.S. of Diamond.daily expected at Sydney, and vY will then proceed home, the period of st her commission-four years-having ex- pi pired. The boats, steam launches, etc., in of the Nelson and Miranda were on Wed- C nosday all out in the river, engaging in w boat exercise, including gun practice. A w special feature of the exercise, and which Is attracted the notice of shore people, was. lc the presence, under steam, of one of the 0: Nelson's torpedo boats. The rapidity ft with which she glides through the water c: is really remarkable, her speed being 18 n knots an hour. Nothing like those boats 1 have over been soon in the Dorwent. She tl shows very little surface for anything to 1 be aimed at her, and has a peculiar whale I like shape. fb CounsI?o.-As our telegrams an- ii nounced, the Englishk Waterloo Cup for t sixty-fout subscribers at 25 oves. each, was won by Snowcflight, a black-and-white c puppy, by Bethal Park, out of Curiosity. r Snowflight divided Plessey Stakes at High Gosforth meeting in December last with Politician. The runnoer-up, Horn- c pipe, belongs to Lord Haddington She is by Bedfellow out of Hornet, Bed of 3 Stone, by Portland out of Imperatrice, I and Is in her third season, and is a well t known performer. I "UNCO' ADn FORn THE Coo."-Much q anxiety was caused in Hobart on Wednos- 1 day (says the Mercurl,), by the non arrival of the mail train from Launcoston, which should have arrived in Hobart at c 74.0 o'clock in the morning, but which I did not arrive till about 2 o'clock in the afternoon. The cause of the delay, was the engine having run over the body of a bullock, on the line near Tin Dish ; the cowcatcher having failed to throw the obstacle from the line, the front wheels of I the engine cut through the body, but the I joerk injured a part of the machinery of the locomotive known as the cradle of the bogie. The engine was so disabled 1 as to be unable to proceed, and news n t having been telegraphed to Hobart at 1 6 o'clock a locomotive was sent down the t line to the assistance of the delayed train, and the line having been cleared, tile o train arrived in the afternoon. TAMA RaoAx-rr.-Another well-at- 1 n tended meeting of the Tamar Regatta committee was held at the City Hotel last evening, when a very satisfactory report of progress was made:-The following sub-committees weroappointed:-Grou nd, dIesars Harvey and Dean ; water, Messrs F. fMartini and Tulloch. It was decided that the clock presented by Mr M. Susman should be given as the trophy for n the Handicap Sailing Raco, and also that e the usual dinner to the visitors should be e given In the evening after the regatta. It was mentioned that Clarke, the well known sculler, late of Neow Norfolk, but 'O now of Meolbourne, was coming over to s. compete in the open to all Sculling Race, ir the Mumm Champagne Cup. The tender of Hughes for laying buoys and beacons was accepted. The entries are expected to h be more numerous than those of last year, h and the committee hope to give prizes 1\. fully equal to those of last year. From n our southern contemporary we learn that -" Mr L. Macquario, boatbuilder, has r* just completed a handsome batswing row .n ing skiff, which he has built of cedar, and to beautifully polished. The skiff Is 33ft e long, Gin deep aft, and Tin forward, and wt weighs about 501b. Site is to be used by Sharland and Stuart at the forthcoming O Tamar Regatta, which takes place on the y 9th inst. Mr Macquarie Is also building a- a cedar wager-skiff, to be used at the same is regatta." PUnLIcATeros RECEIVED.- The cits id maoian Chtholic Staltdard for February at contains the usual donominational intelli at gence from Rome, Ireland, England, etc., of as well as items of local and intercolonial interest. This number of the Standard gives the Lenten Pastoral of the Most Reverend the Bishop of Hobart for .the present year. The Editor explains the w reasons why the present issue has been of delayed In publication. The Church News to of the Diocese of Tasmania for the current ss month gives the concluding paper on in " Common fungoid illusions," an exten. i. slvecorrespondence, English and colonial rt items of religious interest, official notices, in etc., oet. The leaders are on the "Educatioeal system," "OCoffee Palace," in and " Proposed Church Congress at Mel in bourne," with the usual official notices, at etc. The Aucrsalian Churchmen (Feb. is 23), in the variety of its religious intelli gence and its generally controversial tone, e maintains its usual readable qualities. Ce FINE An.s.-Amongst the oil paintings w. which will be submitted for sale by Mr io T. C. Just, at the Exchange Mart to-day, g are five Tasmanian scenes executed by ?, Mr W. Beauchamp, of West Tamar. re They are cabinet size, and of varying dt degrees of merit. The best is a charm , ingly executed view of a valley running at towards the western tiers, having in the )n foreground a rough bush road, down which ag a woman and child are hurrying, while *o, beyond them the eye wanders over several miles of indulating valley, in which glimpses of a rocky mountain stream can ax be obtaised, and the background is filled Id by the towering crests of the tiers, on Is which a storm is evidently gathering. g This sketch is very faithfully worked out, Sand will ropay close inspection. Next in Smerit comes a sketch on the West Tamar, with a bond of Thomson'a Creeok in the Sforeground, a stretch of open park-like 4 country bohind, broken by a cottage and ona winding bush road, and in the distant \- backgrounl can be seen the tops of the eastern ranges. The third picture is a sa- aketchl on theo Penquito estate, near the of Punchbowl, and though the11 pool in the ,a foreground, at which two cows are quenching their thirst, is ratlher better on than the original, yet the surroundings are faithfully delineated, and a capital al view is obtained of Mount Barrow in tihe oy distance over the tops of the trees. The fourth sketch is taken at New Town, near Hobart, and represents an old mill with a dilapidated waterwheel, near the quiet pool from which the motive power was once derived. The fifth is a view on Thomson's Crook, West Tamar, of which a very pleasing picture might have boon , made, but ite treatmlent is very sketchy. id. SUPr?ac COUcT.-Tho criminal seOs !. sions of this Court concluded yesterday Sshortly before oone o'clockl. Thie only case p for investigation was that of IRcyina v. i Thomas O'Koofo, ot a charge of havinct j forged a mining tolegram at Lofroy on tihe C lst Docomber. After a largo amout of n evidence was taken the lion. W. It. ' Giblin, Crown prosecultor, applied thlat a he solle tprosC i be entered, as there was not ng sufficient evidence brought forward to cm identify the lhandwriting of thle prisoner. L. The application was grantPd, and hie A. Court, ou its riaing, adjourned until the Y. Sth cApril. T. Vccl?rlone.-According to nppoilt be moat yesterday morning Dr. Benjaiold, of lobart, arrived by mailtrain, for tihe tor purposeo of vaccicnating those persons who ies mcight dloslru to hIave the operation o , itrfertted witih lymlph tache direct fromt sin the calf. A rootm was engaged for hiint ed in the Oddfollown' IJall, icn whiclh he re, c'cuncnccod operations shlortly ofter nine a o'clock, andbetween that timse and two of in thie aftornoon upwards of fifty ly vaccinations were performed, and tle of doctor left by thle express, intlending to r roleturn in al)out a monthl. We understand of Ithat Dr. Benjafield lus vaccinated in a simcilar way a tlhousantd cases in Hoblart \- nc,? only two or threu of tlact nusbcrlhavo on iiled. oi- Y. M. il. A.-Mr E; P. Moors will loe .l tureo at the Y.M.C.A. rooms tis eyeunlg on "Billy Bray." GOVERNMENT HOLIDAYS. - Thursday, I the day of the Lauiceston Regatta; has been declared a public holiday. in thin town. Friday, the 10th inst., the mani versary of the marriage of H.R.I. the Prince of Wales has been fined as a public holiday throughout the colony. LETTERS DETAINED FOR POSTAOE.- Mr J. Staley, caro Mr Keomp, grocer, 94 Sponcer-st. N. IMelbourno. DISASTERS AT ScA.-Two thousand and tri thirty-nine shipwrecks occurred through- for out the world last year, and the estimated an value of property lost was £280,000,000 sterling, this sum including British TI propoerty owned in the United Kingdom and the colonies valued at £180,000.000. Compared with the provious yqitr, there was an increase of 359 in the nuimhor of wrecks, and an increase of about one Co Ihundred million in the value of property Ft lost. Last year was, however, an exceptional one for gales and storms, and ao for the loss of vessels of largo tonnage with th cargoes of exceptional value. The cc number of British owned vessels lost was F, 1048, of which 191 were steameost . .Off the coasts of - England, Scotland, and Ju ireland 826 ships were actually lost, British-ownod vessels forming three- cc fourths of this total. One hundred of all 1I flags sank through collision. Four thousand one hIundred and thirty-four persons perished, which number is considerably in excess of thoe number reported during the pnrckrls year. Of produce of all kinds nearly 1,000,000 tons were destroyed, no less than 132,450 tons G of coal beinglost. . p CRUELTY TO A CAT.-AS Wonuile named Mary Henry was charged at the Rledfern 0 Police Court with cruelty to an animal- to wit, a cat-by breaking its back c'ith a prop. It appears there hnad been some quarrel between the dofetdant and one of her noighbours, and in A fit of spite or 11 passion the former tooklnp a prop and " went" for the unlucky ct, whose back a was broken and which lIngered for 39 0 hours ore it gave up theo ghost. The ti matter came to the ears of Mr Inspector : Webbor, of the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals Society . mid he appeared to prosecute. Tho case was considered a d very bad one. Defendant was ordered to u piay 60s and costs, or go to prison for three months with hard labour. TncE NEWSPAPERS OF TIHE WotD.-An 17 American publication, Sir H. P. Hub- 6 bard's " Newspaper and Bank Directory of the World,' states that there are pub- ] lishod 34,274 newspapers and periodicals, with a circulation of (in round nmmbers) 116,000,000 copies, the aniDual aggregate circulation reaching 10,502,000,000 copies, or about 6b papers per year to each in habitant oftihe globe. Europe leads with 19,557, and North America follows with 12,400. Asia has 775; South America, 699; Australasia, 661; and Africa, 132. Of these journals, 16,500 are printed in the Englishi language, 7800 in German,u 3850 in French, and over 1600 in Spanish. There are over 4620 daily newspapers, 18,274 tri-weeklies 'and weeklies, and 8408 issued loss frequently. It appears t that while the annual aggregate circulation of publications in the United States is t 2,600,000,000, that of Great Britain and Ireland is 2,260,000,000. c t How Is IT CAUSED ?--Civiisatioll amd 1 banks are supposed to go hand in ihand. It is extraordinary, however, in how many places there are no banks. Take, s for example, the coronios. There is, as e tonisihing as it may seem, no bank at I Gibraltar. There is none at Heligolaid. a St. Helena, Lagos, the Gold Coast, Sierre a Leone, and Gambia are innocent of t banks. Some niuo or toen years ago ana a attempt was nlade to starts Bank of West Africa in Sierra Leonoe, but it failed. I Bermuda is full of merchauts, but it.holas t no bank; neither has Tobago; neither I has British Hlonlim-as. The . Falkland y Islands have no bank. But all our Aus g tralasian colonies have thloul-oven Fiji. o The list of bankless colonies will probably surprise most peoploe and perhaps sot a some of them speculating. TILE UNDEGoROUND TELBOIoAPIlS' OF ,- GERMANY.-At a cost of about a nmillion y and a half sterling the tolegreaph system of the German Empire has been supplied with a complete network of underground J wires, which in peace and hi war are d alike practically safe from meteorological t' inflences, and- from the acts of the I mischievous and the " enemy." With a that determination which is characteristic a of the German mind, when it has become a convinced of the advantage of is change, t the work has been steadily prosecuted n since 1876, and tihe Emnpiro is now " traversed with a network of subterranean I cables, which will probably in the long i run be found more economical than 'our e system of erecting the wires on poles " exposed to the weatib and to the I- vagaries of the mischlevoti The coming i, winter may possibly cause eo nnmuy delays in the transmission df telegrams in i- England, (says an oxclange,) that -.o Post-oflico authorities will be compoloed to adopt tlho safer sawtom of the a Germans ; but, jqdghg from past :r experience, nothing wilJ be done until r, some great breakdown galvanisos our y officials into unwonted acbitity. TLE GERMAN ErPERnol.-It is a well .g remembered fact that one of our kings 1- died of oating lampreys. Germany has g nearly lost her Emperor I'aough an over a dose of lobster, which, we fnd out, was I the cause of his late sicknods. The Kaiser Ic is exceedingly fond of this delicacy, whichl sI is not to be trifled with by a manu of half I hlis age. Nevertheless, when no one is n looking, the Emperor will have his lobster, d and the State secret is now disclosed that in the inability of his Majesty to attend the opening of the noew Parliament was due to t, lobster. It is said in the noighbourhood of 5 tihe Court that this would inot have r, happened if Voni Lauer had been alive. i VYon Lauor was tile EmpoP r's doctor for 10 half a century, at thile end of which time Id the illustrious patient persisted in living, at and the doctor himself succumbod. He 10 was a privileged tyrant in all that res a pectled tlhe Emperor's appetite, and in to particular would not have a lobster in tihe to Palace. His successor, a younger nian re and not accustomed to control majesaty, or yielded on the lobster question. Hence gs the indisposition of the Emperor, whichl al causes a nation to throb withl anut'e iption co of what might follow his death. This is co the story aurrent in Court circles in Ber r lin now. a Vogmont men are religious even under et the most trying circumstances. A deacon as recently asked tihe prayers of the congre n gation " for the low-lived son of a pirate :h who stole his molons." n A good story is told in connection with tile recent earthqiake in New, Zealand, e- which, if true, deserves rolating, A ccr ay tiin gallant sea- captain of ramllher obese so proportions was ascending the steps of v. the Cathedral tower inll company with i7 some friends when Ithe oscillation oom lie monced. One of the party, wa-g, at of once divining" whlat was up," romarked L. to the unsuspecting sailor, "I didn't a know you were so iheaIvy. You arosleshaking ot thle tower asyou go." Qsotl the captain, to innocently, "It's the very eslhallist old cr. steps I ever went up; worse than going he up a mast!" he I nD.vIin CoKERc, of St. John-streot, ias been ipsointed northern agent for Sugdenll's patent manuro. It TeNDEs are invited hy dl loen. thile Minister d, of Lamls and WYorks for works oni thle Dnorln 10 road sand the road from MIolo Creek, near li Chudlelgh, westward thllrough Crown lad to 1the River Mernsey. sWe remind our readers ,tt the great sale of lii works of art, oil deintins, lIlatelcwre. oec., dl etc., tokes Ilaeo at Mir Jnlt's tolchfnlag hMart at lie noon to-day (i'rtlloy). se WIIT io t called ial-assimiaflotan of food proe coeds from tile failure of the oregans to per ari heir proper functions. It is lits condition of ty thi system thlit i sueh a fertile source of Ii le digesetion and dysposla, the twin maladies that to are daily marshalling thousandst to their id graves. Il their inciplioent stages it is easy to cure them, and oven when cthey have beeonmo h~ronic, I,otnlt rmelliee hill reamieve tholn. Oh Sthciles, Udclefll,hc \Vulf'e ehlleod-am Aresalite vC Hoefiiil;s lese Ihcil lueiid tO prove ilciet iceie flltal, Iceecusc it acts directly elpoal the amli mentlciry o;uliii, clcuring It .f Its hailiurlties, IC' riLdine it el its olcsIractlqas.hne:il paving hbq iig wey tfr the proper absorptlio f til fooid." Advet. "' 