T H E O A LOVE STORY. By Mrs. Frances Hodgson Burnett.. Author of "That Lass o' Lowrie's." Chapter VIII.—Tiieo's First Trouble. (Continued.) Theo looked at the woman and turned pale. Slie did not know how or why her mother and Pamela should come down to this place, but she felt sure it was they who were* awaiting her; and for the first time since she had re ceived the telegram a shock of something like misgiving rushed upon her. Suppose, after all, she had not done right. Suppose she had done wrong, and tlicy had heard of it, and came to reproach her, or worse still (poor child, it seemed worse still to her), to take her away—to make her leave her love to strangers. She began to tremble, and as she went out of the room she looked back on the face upon the pillow with a despairing fear that the look might be licr last. She hardly knew how she got down the narrow staircase. She only knew that she went slowly, in a curious sort of hysterical excitement. Then she was standing upon the mat at the parlor door; then she had opened the door itself, and stood upon the threshold, looking in upon two figures just revealed to her in the shadow. One figure—yes, it was Pamela's; the other not her mother's. So, the figure of Priseilla Gower. "Pamela," she cried out. " Oh, Pam, don't .blame me!" She never knew how the sight of her stand ing before them, like a poor little ghost, with lier white appealing eyes, touched one of these two women to the heart. There was something pathetic in her very figure—somethingindesciibably so in her half humble, half-fearing voice. Pamela rose from the horsehair sofa, and went to her. . Each of the three faces was pale enough ; but Pamela had the trouble of these two as well as her own anxiousness in her eyes. " Theo," she said to her, "what have you done ? Don't you understand what a mad act you have been guilty of ?" But her voice was not as sharp as usual, and it even softened before she finished speak ing. She made Theo sit down, and gave her a glass of water to steady her nervousness. Sho could not be angry even at such indiscretion as this—in the face of the tremulous hands and pleading eyes, "Where was Lady Throckmorton?" she said. " What was she doing to let you come alone ?" "She was away," put in Theo faintly. " And the telegram said he was dying, Pam, and—I didn't come alone quite. I brought Splaigliton with me." "You had no right to come at all," said Pam, trying to speak with asperity, and fail ing miserably. " Mr. Ogelthorplie is nothing to you. They should have sent for Miss Gower at once." But the fact was, the little doctor had . searched in vain for the exact address of the lady whose letters he found in his patient's portmanteau, when examining his papers to find some clue as to the whereabouts of his friends, and it was by the merest chance that he had discovered it in the end from Theo's own lips, and so had secretly written to Broome-street in his great respect and ad miration for this pretty young nurse, who was at once so youthful and indescribably inno cent. In her trouble and anxious excitement, Theo had not once thought of doing so her self, until during the last two days, and now there was no necessity for the action. "And Mr. Oglethorpe," interposed Miss Gower. "Heis upstairs," Theo answered. "The doctor thinks that perhaps he may be saved by careful nursing. I did what I could," and she stopped with a curious click in her throat. The simple sight of Priseilla Gower, with her calm, handsome face, and calm, handsome presence, set her so far away from him, and she had seemed so near to him during the few last days—she felt so poor and weak through the contrast. And Pamela was right. She was nothing to him—he was nothing to her. This was liis wife who had come to him now, and she—what was she ? She led them upstairs to the sick-room, silently, and there left them. It had actually never occurred to her to ask herself how it was that the two were together. She was thinking only about Denis. She went to her own little bedroom at the top of the house such a poor, little bare place as it was, as poor and bare as only a bedroom in a miserable little French roadside inn can be—only the low, white bed in it, a chair or two, and a barren toilet-table standing near the deep window. This deep, square window was the only part of the room holding any attraction for Theo. From it she could look out along the road, where the lumbering stages made their daily appearance, and could see miles of fields behind the hedges, and watch the peasant women in their wooden sabots jour neying on to the market towns. She flung herself down on the bare floor, in the recess formed by the window, and folded her arms upon its broad ledge. . She looked out for a minute at the road, and the fields, and the hedges, and then gave vent to a single, sudden, desperate sob. Nobody knew her pain—nobody would ever know it. Perhaps everything would end, and pass, and die away for ever, and it would be her own pain to the end of her life. Even Denis himself would not know it. He had never asked her to tell him that she loved him, and if he died, he'would die without having heard a word of love from her lips. What would they do with her now—Priseilla and Pamela? Make her go back to Pains, and leave him to them: and if he got well they might never meet again, and, perhaps, he would never learn who ha.d watched by his bedside when no one else cn earth was near to try and save him. She chopped her face upon her folded arms, sobbing in a great, uncontrollable burst of rebellion against her fate. "No one cares for us, my darling, my angel, my love!" she cried. " They would take me from you, if they could; but they shall not, my own. If it was wrong, how can I help it? And oil! what does it matter, if all the world should be lost to me, if only you could be left ? If I could only see your dear face once every day, and hear your voice, even if it was ever so far away, and you were not speaking to me at all." She was so wearied with her watching and excitement, that her grief wore itself away into silence and exhausted quiet. She did not raise her head, but let it rest upon her arms as she knelt, and before many minutes had passed, her eyes closed with utter weari ness. She awoke with a start half an hour later. Some one was standing near her. It had been twilight when she fell asleep, and now the room was so grey that she could barely dis tinguish who it was. A soft thick&hawl; had been dropped over her, evidently by the per son in question. When Theo's eyes became accustomed to the shadows she recognised the erect slender figure and handsome head. It was Priseilla Gower, and Priseilla Gower was leaning against the window, and looking down at her fixedly. "You were cold when I found you," were here first words, " and so I threw my shawl around you. You ought not to have gone to sleep there." "I fell asleep before I knew that I was tired," said Theo. '' Thank you, Miss Gower." There was a pause for a moment before she summoned courage to speak again. " I have not had time yet," she hesitated, at last, " to ask you how Miss Elizabeth is. I hope she is well ?" "Iam sorry to say she is not," Priseilla replied. "If she had been well she would have accompanied me here. She has been very weak of late. It was on that account that I applied to your sister when the doctor's letter told me I was needed." "I have been expecting Lady Throck morton for so long that I am afraid some thing has gone wrong," said Theo. To this remark Priseilla made no reply. She was never prone to be communicative regarding Lady Throckmorton. But she had come here to say something to Theodora North, and at last she said it. "You have been here—how long?" she asked suddenly. " Nearly a week," said Theo. " Is Mr. Oglethorpe better, 01* worse, than when you saw him first ?" " I do not know exactly," answered the low, humble voice. " Sometimes better—though I do not think he is ever much worse." Another pause, and then— "You were very brave to come so far alone." The beautiful, dark, inconsistently, un English face was lifted all at once, but the next moment it chopped with a sob of actual anguish. " Oh, Miss Gower!" the girl cried. " Don't blame me; please don't blame-.me. There was no one else, and the telegram said he was dying." "Hush," said Priseilla Gower, with an inexplicable softness in her tone. " I don't blame you; I should have done the same thing in your place." : • • "But yon " began Theo, faintly. Priseilla stopped lier before she had time to finish her sentence; stopped her with a cold, clear, steady voice. " No," she said. " You are making a mis take." What this brief speech meant, she did not explain; but she evidently had understood what Theodora was going to say, and had not wished to hear it. (To be continued.) 