Light and Shade. BY ENDYMION. I LIKE thoroughness. There was a good deal of that characteristic displayed at Monday's dredge meeting. The chairman and the senior member for Enoggera were not thorough, both being professed free-traders in the shockingly bad company of loud-voiced protectionists. How they managed to square the circle to their own satisfaction it is not for me to discover. Messni. Beattie, Rutledge, and Brookes were consistent in regarding the movement as a pro tectionist one, and in supporting it as such. But the demonstration was got up on behalf of the Liberal party, which is, I believe, composed largely of free-traders. So I fail to see that the politicians' net gain from the meeting waa appreciable, their only real bond of union being antagonism to the Government, in which the audience, however, were not by any means unanimous. The working man who insisted that all Government work should be executed in the colony "regardless of cost" evidently gave the key-note of tho only tune to which the bone and sinew of tho meeting could have been induced to play. But that, if there wore a practical outcome of the movement, would not at all suit the platform of Messrs. Hockings and Dickson. I suppose public men must stretch their consciences pretty much occasion ally in theso days of caoutchouc and blarney stone. Yotjß occasional correspondent upon immi gration topics—l mean Mr. William Allen, of Rockhampton — gets into hot water rather oftencr than is good for his moral constitution. Mr. Allen has the praiseworthy habit of looking at only one side of a subject, but he can see through a brick wall, nevertheless, quite as well as any other man can. After reading this gen tleman's last letter to the Covrier I came to the Hibernian conclusion that for every immigrant who arrived in the colony at least two went straightway to New South Wales. But Mr. Allen has now found another sensation. In his aldcrmanic capacity he complained the other day that the Rockharapton Hospital doctor had sent a diseased patient to bathe in the lagoon whence the town supply of water was obtained, and that when the patient came from this bath his body had leeches enough upon it to take out of it all the bad blood. Tho picture thus pour trayed was " nasty "—the hospital doctor says it was the result of Mr. Allen's diseased imagi nation—thatthepatient,bcingconvalesccnt, was sent to a lagoon, but not to the one which sup plied the town, to try and get some leeches for the use of the hospital. He went in to knee-depth, but came out without a single leech. Tho doctor is not satisfied with making this explanation—he is suing Alderman Allen for damages. Mr. Allen is too terribly in earnest, and lets his imagination run riot in a manner exceedingly inconvenient to many of his fellow-colonists. I, for one, Hhall take his facts in future with some grains of salt at least. Hamilton, not the chosen of Gympio, hut the eminent, steel-railer, in not satisfied yet. He has been proved to hnve more than once asseverated the thing which in not, and has been dismissed the public service. Now he seeks further notoriety by addressing a long letter to the Eurl of Kimberlcy, the original of which having boon delivered to the noble Earl, and forthwith consigned to the waste* paper basket, Mr. Hamilton goes to the ox pense of printing copies and addressing them to persons of influence in the colony. Most Quecnßlanders, however, have had enough of "Thomas Hamilton," who was improperly appointed to the Agent-General's office in the first place, and who was very properly dismissed from it in the second. His charges, or rather their investigation, must havo already cost the colony many thousands of pounds, and, what is more serious, they have shockingly damaged the pretlige of the leader of Her Majesty's Opposition in the colony. Nobody in Queens land, so far as I hear, wishes to hear anything more of "Thomas Hamilton" or his charges. His wisest course would be to ti'y and earn an honest living in some humble situation which Providence has fitted him to occupy without discredit. An incident that occurred at Southport during the Easter holidays shows that the " noble savage" can form a pretty fair estimate of human nature as it exists amongst Euro- peans, and of the way in which some of their white brethren carry out their so-called " Good Templar" principles. A well-known darkie and his gin were pestering a boat's crew for some grog, and were at length assured that there was no liquor of an intoxicating nature on board, as the crew were teetotallers. " Well, then," said Sambo, " You give 'em glass wine." One of the most remarkable things said at tho meeting hold in tho Town Hall this week was a complaint by a speaker that artisans coming out here could sometimes not find work at their trades, and had to "go into the bush and suffer hardship." I hope I have sufficient respect for my political master —tho manual labourer. I am willing to give him credit for all the virtues he claims for himself. I accept meekly his assertion that it is an axiom of political morality that ho Bhould only work eight hours for the day's wage, while I have often to work sixteen. In short, I submit to if I do not accept the "working man platform," with few exceptions. But among the exceptions is the implied claim that employment at his trade is to be fur nished to otery man who comes here—lest ho should have to go to tho bush and "suffer hardships." We, the unhappy people who have not tho advantage of being "working men," in the strictly limited sense given to the term in the Town Hall speeches, have had to do this, and were never encouraged to suppose that Government would intervene on our behalf. I have known an M.D. to be engaged as a gardener, a college tutor as a stockman, and a civil engineer as a shepherd. One of the wealthiest of our Queensland station owners was a stable help for a while wh'cn young, not being able to find work at his " trade," and he never seemed to think that tho fact reflected on the Government. In truth, it seems to me that the most successful men in the colonies arc those who have not found work at their trades, and being roughly flung out of the grooves in which they had been vegetating, discovered a spirit of self-help which led them to fortunes. These Town Hall orators want to have the grooves all ready for the men to drop into when they come out here. According to them a cobbler should always stick to his lost, and never have the chance of seeing whether he has the mettle in him to become something better. Are all the workmen in Queensland such mollycoddles; and, if not, why do they let their spokesmen make people believe they are? Oh, for the days when I waß young, and could do as, say Jones, did the other night! Jones is a fine fellow, genial, and full of the sort of fun which sailors on shore and bush men in town display. Amongst his friends is an exalted personage, holding an office of great responsibility under the local representative of our most gracious Sovereign. The E. P., who is also an exceedingly good fellow, had dined with Jones, and had dined well, and the brace were on their way in a cab to a distant suburb. I think I may go so far as to say that Jones and the E. P. were in the condition when the fountains of mirth and sorrow are both un locked. Their route lay past a cemetery where many of our once best and best loved arc lying, and the fact turned on, if I may be allowed the expression, the tap of sorrowful regret. A visit to the spot suggested itself to both—a sort of midnight pilgrimage to the tomb of deceased friends. No sooner said than done. The cab was stopped, and the friends stumbled over the gravestones and through tho long grass and mingled their tears over the spot they had determined to visit. Then came the reaction from tears to laughter. •' Won't it l)c a lark to make cabby sec a ghost," suggested Jones. The K. P. remonstrated gently and poetically, but in vain. Jones effected some rapid changes in his atth-e, and with his shirt over his coat, "made up" as a very creditable ghost. His friend joined, at first reluctantly, but afterwards with zest, in the scheme. Tho two crept cautiously through the wet grass to the cemetery fence, close to where the cab was standing. Jones emitted some hollow groans to prepare his victim, and then with infinite pains reared himsch a white and awful figure above tho boundary. The E. P. sprang up to join him aud see tho fun. He saw the cabby throw up his hands and fall shrieking from his seat. No! they saw him drop his reins and heard him emit a deep and resounding snore. The crestfallen Jones had nothing Tor it but to tuck in his shirt, wake the slumbering driver, and tell him they were ready to go on. AN alligator atory of sufficient length, strength, and horror is to the newspaper editor man in those dull times aw dew upon the mown grass, or ns a bip: watermelon in a dry spell. The fact that both the Count r " spt«H:il« " have returned in safety from the Northern rivers is rather discouraging to enterprising v'"oprietors on the outlook for a really startling sensation, and willing to sacrifice one or two of their spare reporters for the sake of getting •orae thing "fresh;" but I have been able to gather from one of them tho pith of a tale which ought not to be without passing interest for gentlemen intending to invest in Northern sugar lands, and to other students in natural history. A few days ago I read an account of the plan adopted by some scientific experimenters to determine the strength of an alligator's jaw by means of rope and dynamometer, having first securely lashed tho graceful saurian to a heavy tablo; but from all I can hear, the people of Northern Queensland are so fully satisfied of the power exercised by the alligator in this most necessary part of his economy that they always take the matter for granted, and have hitherto declined all tho insinuating advances made by the alligator himself with a view to having it properly tested in an experiment con ducted by him. Now to our story, which, if it has any moral at all, seems to bear out this theory of tho backwardness of settlers in meeting the advances of the gentle alligator. It was a quiet evening some tirao ago, and the sun was setting in tho west (as usual), when a party, of raftsmen on a saltwater inlet "up north" were making their tedious passage to the sea, with a boat towing behind the raft. Suddenly a huge black mass was seen to rise from the water in front of the raft, and presently it be came apparent that an alligator had taken charge. Looking cautiously round, he began his march to the farther end of the raft; but all hands declined any closer communication with him, and scrambled incontinently into the boat. The alligator came on, and having walked tho entire length of the raft without meeting anyone, quietly slid into the water again, to tho great relief of the spectators, who mutely wondered where they would have got to had his lordship chosen to climb upon the end nearest to the boat. 