.LAUNCI$';.,N 1.'i [PUBLISHED DAILY.] ,.' .TUESDAY, JrEBl UA lY 7, 1882. Tnr railway accunts, for' the -year- "I etiding 31st December, 1881, have been completed, and l'wo are thus enabled''tbi form an idea of the result. Oomonunnc!ing. with the HMain Line ,Railway (which in o lJuno next will hitve been opo?ned six I years),.wa find that the .number of pas eongeis was-179,000, and goods :23;558 r tons, being'an increase of 15,652 passon- v gers, but a decrease of 1792 tons over Itho a preceding year. The gross earnings of r the line amounted to £54,793 Gi 5d, and thie worlkinog xpnries to £54,815 19s 4d, lqaving a .deofiionsy of £122 12s lid t This is not, a very flattering picture for shareholders in tho' oinpanya, tlioisih we dare say it' has been prepared with an eye to the iubsidy, the full armoaint a of which.l can a bo, clainsed. only t when the working expanses are in excess of revenue.'On one occasion,' whon the object wag to show what the colony t wouild gain by purchasing the line, the E quarter's account was marid, to show a considerable profit ; but lheou a demand a s lmadofor the full amount of subsidy as usual, the., Treasur, remenombered the I credit balance and deducited it. Since thenwoe do not recollect that the lino hass ever shown a profit I Tho.revonuo from i passeongers amounted to £32,502.:17e, ; giving an't avoerago fare of about Gs 09 each,; from goodas the rovenue, received I was £13,090 7s 5d, being an aveoage of lie 7d1 per ton. The reveliue per mile ipcii'wai about £411, and the expendi-' tu?o £412. On the .Launceston and Western lino, which has now been opena eleven yeard, the receipts for 1881 were £24,074 Os 1d, and the working expenses £17,711,Us 3d, slhowing a surplus of £6362 19s 10d. The Treasurer's original estimate was £22,050; but',lator "on, when the season became moro promising, this amount was in-. creased to: £23,700;' the actual- result," however, hits exceeded both estimates. The number of passengers was 102,495, avoraging .,two shillings each,' giving £10,300 Js 10d; goods, 21,043 tons at bs 9d per ton, £7104,19s 3d.. The re coipts per mile open'amounted to'£583, tand tho. working expenses' to £330-a striking contrast to the Main Linoe Rail way, and showing the greater coonbmmy, for ordinary trafic, of a moderately wide gauge over a narrow ' one. Thi! pullic- are now amply' reaping tb'e benefits of the raihway, for in additii' to the increased facilities it affords for travelling,,and for the transmission' of mails and ordinary agricultural 'produce, it has developed resources that were pro .viously- woitthless, and has. ,enabled holders-of land to. turn into cash'much that before was a nuisance. Perhaps it will hardly,1be believed that bricks are now being brought into Launceston froi Westbury aud Deloraiue. . Tim closing scene in the Howick Island tragedy has beeoon enacted. Six hnlidredcitizens of Cooktown on the 30th January followed the remains of. the heroic Mrs Watson and her infant to their last resting place. Queensland has added another to the list of colonial heroines. What a pathetic story of ' hIpeful ondur ance and'ready resource, terminating alas with a untimely . fate, does not the tragedy just litely enacted 'reveal. The defence of her homestead and child'by this plucky woman, the escape in an old iron tank across the dreary, miles of tropical sea, her.only compalnion save her. child, a wounded Chinaman helpless 'as the infant' and wouided. by the black fellows' spears : the landingi on Howick ITland, and the d'iscovery that she had only escaped one danger to meetaworse a more lingering death from thirst. Five days without water oa ao barren rock in tile northern -seas, tceping sup hei courage to tlie nand as witness the last entry in iher diary :." I thinlkbaby is a little better to-dity." Baby and' mother werc better yory shortly after the hand of the latter pencilled the note.. It was'at any rate a melancholy sattsfaction.to her'countrymen that they were enabled to pay the last tribute of respect to lher inortal remains It is also to their credit that all distinctions of race were forgotten on.theo'ccasion, aind' that at the conclusaion of, the ceremony the same band of citizens of Cooktoivn re turned to the townihall, and escorted the remains of tho Chiniman Alh Sam, who was buried by his own coun'trymen in ac cordande with the rites and ceremonies of the land of his birth. Tui ]ong drought which has 'been afflicting the flocks and herds and the tem]pers of the .Queensland sqiuatters is at length to be broken up by a remarkably novel invention. .Professor Popper, ,of ghostly fame, is abiout to initiate an attempt to draw rain from the clouds by means of an enormoat .lite. "The clouds," sayysltho Professor, in an article contributed to thie Queenslander, "come and go in Australia,butrarelyfallas rain." To remedy this neglect of duty on their pare, .the Professor is coming out' shlortly as a species of .rival Jupiter, a colonial clnid-colnilellor. It is ,to be hoped lid will be able to raise the rain as easily as he can raise hi's ghosts. Still, the Professor' has been long cinoaghl in the world to kinow that kiteo-flying is at best a dangerous experiment; more especially in the preseent instance, where tihe lite-flyiig in to be scpplemented by bomnbardi,," the cloud with a shelll.;J It nimust be c'ecerful for Queensanmdors to knowi that the chanlces are exaictly 1000 to 1 against falling pieces of sholl hitting any pastoral citizoi of tlhe colony. It ie certainly all right for tile lucky 090 L but eas regards the odd one, well the clhances are hlie would not be likely to snfliciently appreciate tile nicetioes of tihe Professor's calculations. Tile averageo Queensnland squatter or anger planter is hardly likely to comeforward voluntarily to pose as a mnartyr to science. Pending the 'kite experimant, an united prayer meeting for rain is to be lheld at Brisbane ; hence it would seem that the chlurch 'o's not i countenance this sncrilegious lite-flying on the part of the learned Professor. TuE EeouiesU MAiL.-Theo RIM.S. Rtosetta arrived some hours earlier than we were led to believe from the telegrams to hand. She anchored in Ilobson'se Bay at 2 p.m. yesterday, and transhipped I e Tasmanian portion of the. English mait I ainto the s.. Flinders, whlich sailed immnediately tof Launceston. The Flinderse is thus a day before ber announced timne, and will probably arrive here about two p.m. today. NonrT.uieR DIOCESAN SOCIETY.-The Northern Finance Committeoo of this d society inot at 3 p.mi. yesterday. Preacut-ievr. A. Bark way (in the clhair); 1 hlors Chambers and Evans, Messrs. Turner, Belsteod, and Shaw. The 1 treasurer laid a statement'of accounts for i 1881 on the table, explainiug they were t rot finally closed pondinmt the receipt of. o remittanoes from home of the parochial f assiibotiioti. The approximate credit balanco was £360. IMessrs. W. m.Bares I said Turner were appointed auiitors. The treasurer was instructed.to apply to thli GeneraL Coninmitteb whden hlanding overthse balnce for. a .grantinsaid efor 1882- of £150. The . treasurer 'was authorised'. to py -the stipends for 1 Janoary. - . TsELEG.o:tAi, INTEimnu'rUtN.'-Notifies. tion was received in' town,.yesiterdaythat' the North-Weat, CnastlitiN~ t teolegraph1 had beoh interriipted": bvosnd Deloraino. It had not been repairod. up toi alte hour 'last night, RIFLE SIooTING.-Wo e understand that I the: Rev. J.,A..: Fawns has ,intimated i'is intention of presenting the Northern Tas nm'aniin'Itiflo Associatishivitli 'a handisoine 1 lip for competition amongstilWl mo'ibors. Licut.-Colonel Hoiho'mhhs also prosonted a spldridid gold medal, which the associa tldn supplements :with 500! rounde of 3 Iartiii-Henri inimunitioni. Thim modal will bo'proesuted to the highest aggregate a scorer in five competitions at the Queen's f ranges, and.the nmmunition jvill be di. tributed to,thie higihest aggregate scorers .at each range; making in all five prizes. The above prizes should ot as as i.stimulus to the northern marksmen, and we hope they will appreciato the kindness of the donors, and show,it by largo entries for the, various matches. LAUNcESTON RAEcs.-Owners. are re t minded that acceptances for theoLaunces ton Cup and Steeplechase close this after noon at four o'cloock. The acceptance fee Sfor the Cup i~"i three sovereigns and for the a Steooplechase two sovereigns. Nomina r tions for tho Maiden 'plate, Two-year-old a Stakies, Nowo Chum Handicap, Selling and tlhowbray Hurdles, All-aged Handicap, and Ladies' Purse close at the same time. The Two-year.old raco of ,75, soun., New r Chum Hanidicap of'50 sors., and Ladies' a Purse of ip soys. aroe confined:toihorses tlhai thave been located in the colony four months prior to dpy of race. OCnor?ie.-By o'r 'telegraphic columns I it will be noticed that the I1..0.,,, team, who are to mnoet' an eleven of Northorn Tasriiania:o lFriday aniid Saturday. noxt loft by tlo Flinders yesterday. ,.;The fol lowing ,have, been chosen to reproesnt .Northerni Tisemania :-H. Watson,,G. H. o Artliiir, W. Sidebottomii . W\ :.Rock? E. Lucas, R. Sams, L. Sams, O. G. Douglas, WVm:, .Iartin E.. Siiis, W. Dedman; emorgonces,.'W: ,' Croft, J. Bayles, D. Gow;i . 'Ar . . drtin is?l upabloito play, andhis loss willbe greatly felt by: the team, as hlie i their only wic?etkenper, boesirls :beig one of.the best, and surest bats in the northl.-A match, .Coriuwall'n. o Entally, will be played to-morrow, 8th 1; inst., on the ground of the former, coni-' 0 mencing at lialf-past 10. The following. will represent Cornwall :-W: H i West brook, G;B. ,. Lawrence, E.. Sims, "D. Gow, L., Lovy, f. Smith; W. Millard, J. Heaps, E,. flagon, T. Hagueo W..Bassett. Count or REQOEsrTs.--Thefirst session of, thiis Court for,the preient' yar'?will open at' the Court ''lHuse this morning before his Honoir J. ',Whitefoord,;-Esq., Commissioner. There were upwards of 1, 140 causes set down for.hearing,ibut the .,majority. have buein withdrawn or are uri dofeiided. , , ". ."." \- A SAD AFIR.-iJames ;Smith, who last week was severely injured whilst on-, y gaged at Sidobottodin's bark mill, through' ,a piece, of wood striking: him in the abdo O men; dlied at: his 'residenc 'on Simday from the effects of the accident., The de-, o ceased, whob was an eceptionally steady sr and hard-working man,o leaves a widow' if and nine children, three of 'whom are ap preaching manhood. :. Members of ithe Star'Tent, I.O.R:,'of vwhich the'deceased .was a member,.aro requested 'to meet at d the District Chiambers,. York-street, at 3' :h p.m. to-day, to attend tlihe funral of their it lato brother. I . CeoUnT or RE?vsoe.-A Courb of Revi ' nion for the purpose of revising the eleo toral roll of the district of Glamorgan, will be hold at the Court-house, Swanson, to k day, commencing at 11:a.m. ' X ThE InRIS NATIONAL LAND LEAGUE. h -A publio meetifg-"for the phrpose of c expressing sympathy with the Irish ir people will be held at St. Patrick's school d room, Miargaret-street, ' on' Thursday 5 vening next, when Mr J. W. Walshe, r- representative of the' Irish Natibroal is Land Leagnie, 'ill address those present. o , LtuxoestsR RCEs.--Th'o Governor-in o Council- has' declared Wednesday 'the y 22nd, and Thursday, ' 23rd inst., the d dates uppon which'the Launceston Races if are to be held, as public holidays. ir. TIIe VICTORIAw RACING CL?ENDAR - is VWe have received the firstinumber of the Victorian' Racing C,.aleodar,' a quarto k journal of sixteen pages which, is to be d published monthly. This is in accordance \- with 'a resolution passedd at thel special e meeting of thie V.I.C. last' October: 0 The greater part of its space is taken up 'r with' advertisements of race mcetinigs: It Any horse 'running at it m?oting not ai advertised in the.calendar is disqualified ir from starting, at FElomington unless the e ecmmitteeo of the V.,.0.. see just and e suflicient' reason to removee, the dis y qoalification. The calenidar'also contains y the results of all :races" in Victoria since f the "'st January, a list of horses anud o owhers in the forfeited :list, a list of re e gisterod trainers and jockeys, the register it of disqualificatioti, and a list of registered colours. It ?'tAPERS AND Br[NDii..--These labour savitig mclncs are coming into nuseo more o and more overy day in Tasmania, and the \- Wod's reaper and binder seems to be tile f most pipular one with 'farmers., Mr J. '\V. Boton, the energetic reprcseonta tive of Messrs Janies M'Ewan aud Co., of n M'olbourne, agents forE Messrs W.. A. SWobd and Co., has had another success t fn ul season in'Tisnmania, and he now an noduncds that ho is makling a .tour of the SLotrobhldistrict, wbohdrs there oughto be n .a good field open to him. REoEIVED.--Wo have received from , lessrs Hudson and Hopd'ood vohlime Sviii. if the Fouamifj Ierald supplements, Scomprising fhi period from July to No venrqbeir, 1881. It contains the usual r number of eighteen short tales and nove it lettes by well-known authors, and the a styles are so nvaried that the little volume e contains somethling to suit all tastes. The ,A Age annual for 1882 (boing the eighth , ycmi of issue) is one of those handbooks . for which publis, writers and all who it study public affirs in the sistlr colony e look with expectancy. The preseont . issue isain imprpvement on its predeces sers, as tihe compilors have been able.to 0 bring'up alJ arrears of Parliamonitary pro -n ceodiigs, in.whlcl tlhecy include sutmmaries 0 of population and dwellings in every city, town, ianid borugh in Victoria, and give a copy'of the 'f Reform of tile Constitu it tidn Act,"' without,shorteningthe otler Swell-klown details: given ii previousi y issues: 'Thd'staltistics not only.of Vic to ria, ,hut of the several Australasian d coloniesare rendered all the more useful Sand reliable, as thIey hare:cerrectod to the latest dates. ' The annual is not only well :e got:up, but is of very great value s as a r book of reference. it : R1ev. J. A. FAwns.--We understand it that this gentleman has disposed of his g handiomo residence, St. Leonards HIouse, at St. Leonards, withfurniture, reern houses, etc., as it stands, to Mr WV. C. . Grubb, and intqnds to return to England n and reside there pormoncntly. His s liberal donations for religious and been-. y volout pqrposes, to our volunteers, and in Sother miatters, will not casily be for i gotten, and neany of our readers will feel I regret at MIr Fawna' determination to s leave the colony. Mr Fawns loaves for M, lulborne by theo Mangaia to-day, and o will proceed to England via New Zealand and the San Francisco mail route. TIrE "FIRe. QuEEN."-A correspon dent writes from Cormiston with refer once to some particulars recently given by us of a trial of a fire extinguisher, the 'Fire Qubon," at the Waverley Woollen Mills, and asks for particulars as' to cost, where obtainable, etc. As we are unable to answer the queries, perhaps some of t1 our readers will supply the desired in- tr formation. : V Lrcmssau COerT.--The firat quarterly a licensing meeting was held at the Court Hosoe yesterday, when there wore present-his Honoor J. Whitefoord, Esq. n (Chairman), HI. T. A. Murray, Esq., 6 Police Magistrate, Dr.-W; Mason, Messrs I F. W. Von Steiglitz, J. It ChbTfey, 0. B. Grubb W. Turnmr, H. Bennett, and A. M. Milligan, J's P. There were only 8 Stwo. applications for transfers for consld- I dratio?, 'the first" beingi the Albion Inn, t ciritor'if Georgeo and York streets from Mary Ann Waldron to Christopher Sher- c lock, aid the second the Ellesmero Hotel, Sct.tadale, froin George William Budson I to John Eugene Gill. As the police offered no objections both applications were granted. The Court then ad journed. 1 THI Minister of Lands and Works invites r tenders for the construction of a bridge on the Meander River near Exton, for-works on the South (Forest) road, Circular Head : for works 1 on the road from Ulverstone to West Castra, I and for repairs to various country schoolbuild ings, tihe names of which are mentioned else where. t iENJoY LIFE.-But few, in fact not any, really enjoy life; thosonearest to enjoying it are the f most discontented, the anticipation of pleasure being the only thing enjoyed, yet many tbou sands discouraged, disheartened people may not wish for death, or commit suicide, as they do, woresit not for the most bitter of all cups the miserable and discouraging effects of Dyspepsia t and Liver Complaint, expecting every nay to be I earried offby Paralysis, Apoalrrxy, Heart Di, ease, Consumption .and many other symptoms of Dyspepsia and Indigestion. Now, if you thave no faith in. Patent IlMedicines, and hare lot hope in your phlyacian, I sould oek yon In good faith tlht yoe try only one bottle of Green's August Flower, it can do you no harm; if one bottle does not give you astonishing relief, don't use any more. All chemists sell it. 1 S:ample bottle to try, Gd. Largo bottle, 3s Gd. Sol agents frr Tasmania, L. Farthorno and on. Ohemilets, Lauireston.--lAdvtl. 