fie Skeicker. About Monaro. By F. M. II. Upon the more western road, leading through places of many strange names, the downs are quickly left, the country rises and darkens, the forests shut in the track, and a colder blast proclaims the nearer approach of snow. Soon white feathers fiy through the tree tops and settle upon the broader limbs, while the black leaves quiver and glimmer above, soon the weird white garment cloaks everything that is still, and the yellow leaves and the fallen boughs and the dank dead timber are hidden from sight while you move with noiseless footfalls upon the pure and glistening carpet. In a little while it hardens and 'balls' your horse's feet. You have to dismount and clean them, which opera tion, with the quicksilver right down in the ball and the 6un upon the horizon, is annoying ana chilling, ana provo cative of strong language and a desire of strong water. You doubt the nobility of the noble brute before many miles are passed, and allow him to be a veiy poor concern indeed, when presently something shoots past yon like a Dutchman with two steam legs. It is a man upon snow shoes ; for they use enow shoes in Kiandra, not feeble imitations of Indian I mocassins, but original and substantial articles, manufactured of spars Split from mountain ash, bowed upward at the toes, sloping out long and broad in the { rear. They glide upon the snow as steel runners upon ice, and the lads of the mountains are experts in their use. A year ago they tell me a mob of warrigals stayed too long in the upper regions. The drifts and banks formed beneath, and they were held in the gorges. It was determined to capture tjiflji. A patcl^ ?f ground vr ag cleaned, a yai^bqilt and winged, and a party of sn0w-shoo(6fti went out is pursuit. Poor warrigals ! There were' some ?aaong then who had baffled the fleetest stockmen in the summer time. Their merry days were all ended now. The fleet-footed demons gathered about them, and skimmed upon the surface as sea hawks upon the billows, while they floundered helplessly in the huge drifts and loosely filled chasms. Still it was fierce, hard work; for a warrigal bent on breaking never easily held. 'He will go through h— , flying/* says the old stockman, ' and leap purgatory at a bound.' It was wild work, grand sport, indeed — sport in which gods of tbe old world might have found de light. Why do they not tell' of these things in the history of the land? We hear of tobagoming n Canada— here is sport such aa tobagoming never was. We read of mocassins, snow shoes, as articles used by the most remote nations of the earth. We beat Sioux and Delaware hollow within two days' journey of Sydney, and yet the very name of snow seems farther away than BlackaH - and Skuthorpe's bag of bones. But Kiandra is not Monaro. We shall never travel thither via Cooma when all the net work of railways is completed. It is part of another system^ and will be reached by Gundagai and Adelong. It will bo reached by many sightseers upon some fahtreday.whea Lob's Hole has become as widely known as -the Sighs, and Kosciusco as the Matterhorn, and the caves of Yartangv billie as the world-old cave of Fingal. They display equal beauty in all respects save one. Nature has given us- in our mountains ? the fai^_blue mist, and the purple shadow, and the pure peart haze,' and above all vftriety and grandeur of form the-. crown of the lordly snow, but in all our hills no* 'single, torrent of leaping water. Dancing cataracts, singing waterfalls in plenty, but no Niagara, no ' Schafhaueen, no storm ot motion, mas» of light, and thunder of sound. GJietening, gleaming trunks and rustling banners of bark strive hard to- make amends, but their light and their sound' are eerie and weird. , Even the railway, omnipotent in most other matters, will not supply that need. We must gather up the beauty that remains without the water, and assuredly there is enough to satisfy any mortal mind. The people of these mountains seem strengthened and inspired by the influences about them. I have spoken of their town as sleepy— Bleepy it is, but the dwellers in the forests and the mid uplands- are strong of heart and sound of body and mind. One cannot fail to notice the striking dissimilarity between them and . their neighbours of the downs. Though labouring con stantly and fighting with giant obstacles, they are in telligent and bright. They read; in their meanest huts you find papers and books- . They sand their children to school even when it seems hard for little feet to toddle long miles through the snow. They know the world and the voice of the world, and they are with the progress of the world in their labour; while the lounger below has never seen beyond the bounds of hiB own. travel, nor heard, even in imagination, a louder shout than that which greets his hcrse, 'First past the post, by-ghost.' I believe it to be the veiy necessity of labour- which- keeps these people's minds bright as their bodies hard,, and the gieat bcon Monaro will receive from the accomplished railroad will be the certain influx of many steady workers. Those workers are wanted in Monaro. There is much work to be done which the old inhabitants will never perform. They have displaced the blackfellows, but really there is very much of the blackfellow about themselves. Note the fashion of their enjoyment as they lounge beneath the verandahs of the hotels. They talk and blow, and dcinft and get drunk, and quarrel and tight and ride home, filled full with the account of a good battle that has in reality been as a quarrel of cats. And at home at thoir labour their efforts are spasmodic. They display nothing of sustained enengy. A tree will not bloB&om; and bear ftuit in a single year, and thus the tree is never planted. They must change or die when once the full tide of new blood surges in upon them. They say to each oilier 'We shall grow rich when the railway comeB to us.' They may, if they choose* The iron horse is a marvellous alchemist. Certain is it), though richeB may linger, civilisation must ensue. The men will become more manly, the women more womanly,, and the children Christian infants. They are but shrewd young savages now. Poor children ! they have a bad time in the outlying districts of Australia. 'They are so useful,' the 'parents say. A lad of 8 or a little girl of 10 can tend a flock of sheep upon the hills. So the hills and the sheep become their teachers. But the parables of the hills ? await the interpretation of wise men ere they be intelli gible to infant minds. Only the evil spirits of the wilderness speak plainly, and children left to. themselves in the solitude ot the bush invariably grow up callous and cruel and bard. It is an accursed thing, this early using of little children. Were they given to you as tools or treasures, oh fathers and fathers, thoughtless rather than unkind ? Did you ever consider the problem, What shall your profit be though the sheep and the wool be marvel lously increased, if the little human souls -be utterly and wholly lost? You will do well to look into it, for it is a matter which can be considered and amended without the aid of a railway. A railway ! a railway ! I never knew bow badly they wanted one until at half- past 12 of tha clock upon a bitter night I crept into a wretched littla buggy, and with the coachman for sole companion, set sail for Sydney. All the stars were shining, and all the frost from the south pole seemed biting1, and a wind that 'was colder than ice-cream found its way beneath every create of overcoat and rugs, and only three miles from the crown of the hills we got ' bushed ' upon the plains ; yes, positively and hopelessly bushed. It was not a matter of surprise, for there are a dozen tracks, leading to all points ot the compass, and all the breadths between are dull brown turf, or cold gfjay rock. Two weary hours we wandered thus, hitheraod. thither, up and down, till north seemed south and east seqmed west, and we could either of us have squared a circle more readily than have pointed in the direction of Sydney, or Melbourne, or Cooma, or Queanbeyan. At length, however, a most beneficent planet beamed right upon the driver's eyes, and he swore he knew it, not as any one of the solar system, but as the one that should eet behind Tony's.hnt on the river. Wo followed right on and made the right track. Thence onward with many a joltand tumble to one other feature of the Cooma road, meriting special mention and unmeasured, reprobation — the bridge upon the Umaralla River. Ths river itself would seem a worthier subject. In the summer sunshine pellucid and pure, and everything else in the way of pretty qualification that can be coupled with a fair, deep flowing iiver, but upon a frosty night in June dark ana disnal and unutterably cold, especially as seen through tha swaying side rails of that abominable bridge. The bridge is simply rotten, that is the one and only complaint. You can drive a pick to the head in any of tne creaking timbers. I cannot in this case obey the old proverb, and must posi tively decline to speak well of tne bridge that bore ma safely over. It is a snare, a delusion, a man-trap upon the Queen's highway. Some members of Parliament, heavy with all the [iniquities of the session will go down there headlong upon some future day. Then a new bridge will be builaed and the country will mourn, and there will be another election. Nothing else of importance upon the journey, unless wo may mention 6uch trifles as icicles upon eyebrows, and feet hard frozen, until the mountains put off their mourning cloaks, and the red light leapt along the world aB we jolted into Michelago. Nothing there worth recording, not even breakfast, for the hotel people are not up, and will not dis turb themselveB to supply the wants of a single passenger. The name of that township last mentioned has been a puzzle to many travellers. A story goes that there was a desire to honour two Michaels in its baptism! Angclo and Hagan. A compromise made it Ago— Michelago. But Hagan grew stronger in the after I life. Hagan with Hagatty and Murphy and Clancy et Jtoc, &c.;, is everywhere now; Angelo nowhere. He would rather be nowhere, rather be nothing than a coach passenger beneath that verandah upoi£a winter's morning. At least X imagined so then; but hunger and cold are sadly depressing influences. Noon of that day brought Queanbeyan. You know all about Queanbeyan. * Midnight — Gunning and tha railway. How precious it seemed, fresh from the memory of that dismal night in the old spider upon the plains. Warmth, and comfort, and ease, ana 19 miles .an hour all the way to Sydney. FaBt enough to travel to Elysium. Agitate your hardest, good people of Manaro ; and by the grace of Heaven and the will- of Sir Heniy_ that same luxurious accommodation will some time within tha Qdxt moej ftfsuredly be yoi^s, 