TH E SIMPLETON. . .To CoBREeeaiaroee vsw r -s . "w .G.Bl"-I cannot give you the pedigree of a home Togpan is' presumably the prodction of FTinl smith. Do not iinderstand the meaning of halfl the names applied to raceloeees." ;' - . - " Student"-I shouldrefer you to some Greek scholar. The revision occupied about twelve years I understand. I am not qulte certain of the tiriue. " Thomas G--"-You did wisely to go irith 'the Y.M.C.A:.- Great ity yous 'were sick. 'Always-ihl future carry a bottle of magnesia. ' ' ...: ' Sportsman"-As. I have already explained, I do not profess to bhea tipster.. 3Shall- tell you something concerolgthe Champlos later onl..i. - ,3 " Domustlc"-Oatmeal poriridg"e it aolut the flnes diet yo can dispense to the youngsters, with a view. to reducing the doctor's visits, -.;' ..- .- .. T.B." " AýT.F.." "Wi d'l" "'4 Sirpstaketi'r - Your grateful ackowledgementst or complaints. as the case may-bo, duly to haond. Thanks for both. . - Well, sir, we had a nasty sloppy Cup Day. this year, did we not'! Those, who by the appearance oE the morning, were allured into dust coats Iad "other summer fixings, hiaLd a rare treat surely. I beg:your pardon ? How did I. get on ? 'Oh, thank you,' I was all right '. Being a mere Simpleton, of coeirse I could know"' nothing about prospective weather. I appealed to science for direction, and' observing that the glass'ias falling, left home equipped with 'a great coat and unm. brella., These enabled me to note from a fairly comfortable stand-point that there wero people about who possess a faith in Victorian weather, quite charming in its simplicity, but rather unpleasantt tinieisin its results. Let me see, sir. Last year I gave a description of the'Cnp Meeting, did I not? Yes, 'm sure I did. ,Will spare my readers this time though; the dailies have fairly exhausted the topic,' they leaver nothing for a Satirday's paper. Othrwise,.I should.. have been delighted to describe the peolple the dresses, the horses, the raii, .the mhd, the; ice-cream cart,.which, was not wanted, and the police van; which was.. Well,- Ihipe my readers enjoyed their holiday, albeit it was a wet one ; take us as a community, we are generally very good humoured undner such circumstances, we make the best we can of things, and remain jolly. The public .pot has undergone the' nsnal operation, the boil-over this year being just as great, and just as satisfactory to the bookmakers as ever. Let mte hope none of my readers are hard hit.; I made some un complimentary remarks, a week or two ago with 'respect to professieoal - tipsters,' and really, whatever'.may.have.been the general opinion then,' it must certainly now' be.con ceded thar'my remarks wore justifiable.: The tipsters; seem .to get badly, astray in dealing. with foreigners;\ Both'the African andIthe AsiStic have proved too much for them, since, Zulu and Assyrian 'have confounded', them altogether. We could afford to. miss'these. tipster, sir;' seo,if they would do n. i'the kindiiess to crawl: into corners aiid -die, we mighthbe disposed to forgive their:.past atrocities At least we wonld charitably say, as wre sawihenim sink .nnder, theirrshame, " Poor,' mischevious, - misguided,' and mis giidinog mezin we. may despise you truly, buti, nevertneless, now'tliat you 'are going to another, and perchancie, a warmer world, we are content to say RLP." - I have' received soine itaitling 'cominuni-. cations since lastTuesday, sir.'' Clearly there. must be something wrong with' certainof nmy correspondents, or-- um, yes, the thing is possible there may. be something wrong with me. Now, here is a comfortable epistle: -"The Simpleton,-Old 'IMutl -I. backed yor tips andlost'L7 10os.: Confound you.' What's your private address? I long to ventilate yosn. to pierce you with bullets..: Mleet me by moonlight alone. Oh, do! Yours,'Remorseless. . Hum '! this is clearly a case of insanity. - He "longs to ientilate" me. The deuce. he does l. Wantsme to meet him.; Ha 1 .Imast respectfully," but firmly decline.' Now the following is a little better:- ` SDear Old Simpleton-Am very grateful foryonr " tips." Puted aool soen hundred. Enclosed you will find "token," crossed, as you desiredL-Yours, Oum," . . This' evidently .'comesa from a .very worthy inan., lMr.Gniu, I hope you'll.stick to me. I like your letter all through, but niorep arti-: 'cularly that. .part which refers to the en closure. 'Mr Guni deserve's 'enconragement,' and I'is the mtn 'to give it.' Unfortunately. thloigh, I have another bad letter; it is evi dently frain a spieculaticrensct, it says : "Alo asI Simpleton. Your vile tips have ruined me I am eudone'e.I s'eek solace in death. When this reshes 3you, thl'irild waters will flow orer my body. Adieu' l My splrit will haunt you-l-ollow. ' I don't like this one at all. Certainly I've seni no ghost yet; but on'e never knoirws when there things may come meandearing 'veund. I trniit Mr Hollow will be content -to stay quiet under the "wild waters." But, sir, is ituot strange that people vieos things so;differently.' Now, 'if you turn. tip last Saturday's paper you will find that I dis winner could be nothing else nour guessWork, but, mark you, sir,,just .as distinctly I named Navigator, and' named Iim' first. What more.could bel'wished ? Now, with regard.t. he Cip,'yoiu will-notice I have in stanced"a riiumier- of horses who would not win, aind said:that thehwinner could be easily selected frofi anong the othiers. That state ment.need.notnbt cessarily coonmit me to any on ihorse, bhlt still'it.ii now my simple duty to 6 iht 'out' ho'o it really did indicate the winner.' As a' matter of fact, when it is in tended .to select' one name from. a number. the first step necessary is to prepare a list of names, and according to all rules, when no distinction or partiality is to be shown, a list of names is prepared alphabetically. Had such a course been folloiwed, the list. would, have begun with Anglesea, Assyrian coming: next. The easiest horse' to select is 'surely the first on the list, andAnglesea would there fore be picked, bintfors' most obvious olijec- tion. The veriest noviceii horseflesh know', that to win a race a horse nmust see straight, and no one would think of placing money on a creature that' could only , at an angle-se' (Anglesey). This would strike anybody; and the next horse, that is Assyrian,trinmphanutly commends himself, aind as iwe hare seen, just as triumphantly.- wins. I' doi 'wolner.tlhat this "tip" was not more generally. psrceivel.; Our mutual friend Smytherton did ,not go' to Flemington on Tlesday,' sir. Oh dear no Under the infinuence of Mrs. S. lie lhas lately developed some. veiy virtuous: ideas with respect to the vanity of horse raving and all 'pertlaiding to it, so he absented him-elf this : year from.the scene of his former speculations and losses-the. latter I suppose being the almost necessary consequence of the former. Now,: as you know, sir, .old Smytherton is' .not stingy, so he detei-ineed to speuind some -of his savings from the bookmakers in. giving his better hilf a good outing on the. holiday. . With this in view, he hired a nice roomy trap-for the' Smytherton.pair waint plenty of space, sir-end took the good lady Sout for adrive:'!Yes's,"aid'the ould fellow as he told me .all about t loin the next even-l. Sing, "I did intend to give the missus a good tare-out; and in poiditof fact, Mr. Simpleton,. she 'got it, but jot jnst as either of us expected," and under the bandage and sticking plaster which almost entirely con-' coaled the Smytherton- conntenance, I dis tinctly observed the old rascal grinning. " How did it happen !" renquired sympathis ingly. "Happen!" cried behlecoming a'ud denly exasperated at the thonght of his own ainiuries, ' happen ? that's-janst what I don't. know. "Of course you were driving," 1' said. "Humplh!" he grunted, "that was just the mischief of it. I never drove a ho se in my life beiore, and ynn may stake your simplicity I'm'a pledged abstainer from such practices in the future. It all conea of over. :confidence, sir. I'd got a power of experience in donkey riding in the old countrF, but this didn't seem to apply to steering a confounded four-wheeler. -However I went slow, and all appeared to be right till we were well out on the Doncaster-road. Jnst as we were bowling along beautifully, and the old lady was beginning to doze, suddenly there loomed up quite close to my spectacles, a complete forest of firewood piled sky-high. Almost simultaneously came a crash like thunder, and then things got mixed up. I give you my word, sir, I saw the transit of Venus in advance, together with the comet, and four and a quarter millions of assorted stars-Smytherton is always particular in his facts-with this, sir, I was conscious of a reeling, singing sensation, which made me fancy I'd been changed into a merry-go round with a musical accompaniment, then -thump--every bone seemed to undergo an individual fracture, and all was darkness." "Good gracious!" I ejwaulate , "how dreadful!" "Yes, sir," cnitiinedl S'nythtr ton, " pretty rough, T assure yon--that is, so far. I don't mind all that so much as what followed. When I came to, and, excluding the stars, began to view the things of earth, I felt bad, sir, real bad. Stretched at my side lay the old woman, screaming for help in a style which convinced me that at least her lungs were still in theirnornial condition. I found she was a good deal bruiied, but not ill hurt. What really appealed to my ,.feelings, Mr. Simpleton, was the condition of that oncevehicle. I can't describe the ruins. Such a disjointed, smashed about turn nout .was never be'ore exhibited in a country free from -volcanoes and frightful earthquakes. .The destruction of that confounded roller, together with the damage done to the horse, whose! owner has valued him at a most fabulous sum, will stand me in not less than fiftyinotes. Now if I'd ha' speculated that in doubles, demme, sir, tnt I would have covered Navigatorand Assyrian." "Doubt e:es," I thought it right to remark, "but you .-bhaven't told me yet how you came by the \- ishap, "Good Heavens, mans alive, .roared Sinktherto: "" can't you grasp aifact 'whei it's given'you . I went for a drive and ran into a wood cart,' that's all," and with this thecold'; gentleman seized his ~crutches and lhobbled off, using language which made the air smell of biiimstone for anrhoarafter \wards. r;a . ' 