THE CLOSES G SCENE. [The following is pronounced by the Westminster ifft£«r to be unquestionably tne finest American poem ever written.] Within foe sober realms of leafless trees, The russet year inhaled the dreamy air ; Like some tanned reaper in his hour of ease, When all the fields are lying, brown and ' bare. The gray barns looking from their hazy hills, O'er the dun waters widening in the vales, Sent down the air a greeting to the mills, On' the dull thunder of alternate flails. All sights were mellowed, and all sounds j^. subdued, ~t%3te h'Hs seemed farther and the streams '^^ sang low, As in a dream the distant woodman hewed His winter log, with many a muffled blow. The embattled forests, erewhile armed with gold, Their banners bright -with every martial hue, 2sbw stood like some sad, beaten host of old, Withdrawn afar in Time's remotest blue. On sombre wings the vulture tried his flight ; The dove scarce heard his sighing mate's complaint; And, like a star slow drowning in the light, The village church vane seemed to pale and .; faint. The sentinel cock upon the hillside crew — Crew thrice — and all was stiller than : before. Silent, till some replying warder blew His alien horn, and then was heard no more. Where erst the jay within the elm's tall crest, Made garruloustrouble i-oundher unfledged ? young; And ?where the oriole hung her swaying nest, By every light wind like a censer swung ; Where sang the noisy martins of the caves, _ The busy swallows circling ever near, Foreboding, as the rustic mind believes, An early harvest and a plenteous year? Where every bird that walked the vernal feast Shook the sweet slumber from its wings at morn ; To warn the reaper of the rosy east : All now was sunless, empty and forlorn. Alone, from out the stubble, piped the quail, Arid croaked the crow through all the dreary gloom ; Alone, the pheasant drumming in the vale, Blade echo in the distant cottage loom. There was no bud, no bloom upon the bowers ; The spiders wove their thin shrouds night by night, The thistle-down, the only ghost of flowers, Sailed slowly by— passed noiseless out of sight. Amid all this — in this most dreary air. And where the woodbine shed upon the porch Its crimson leaves, as if the year stood there, Firing the floor with its inverted torch ; Amid all this— the centre of the scene, The white-haired matron 'with monotonous tread, Plied the swift wheel, and with her joyless ? mien, Sat like a fate, and watched the flying . thread. She had known sorrow—he had walked with her, Oft supped, and broke with her the ashen ? crust, And in. the dead leaves still she heard the star Of his thick mantle trailing in the dust. While yet-her cheek was bright with summer _. bloom, Her country sunitftfjnfed, aad she gave h*r ? s^i .'- And twice war bowed to her Ids sable plume — Re-gave the sword, to rust .-upon- t'he walL He-gave the sword, but not the hand that drew And struck for liberty the dying blow ; Kor him who, to his sire and country true, Fell mid the ranks of the invading foe. Long, but not loud, the dropping wheel went on, Like the low murmur of a hive at noon ; Long, but not loud, the memory of the gone — Breathed through her lips a sad and tremu lous tune. At last the thread was snapped—her headwas bowed, Life dropped the distaff through her hands ? serene, And loving neighbors smoothed her careful shroud, While death and winter closed the autumn scene. T. BrcHAyAK Bead. 