ESSAY ON HOOKS, THEIR HISTORY ANDINFLUENCE. " (B IL'C.-Mriil L'rnrAlA';L FrrznoY . PPi.ic Li npKt~iy. (Continued from our last.) Business prospered amazingly with the brothers, and their publishing promises in High-street was one of tile sights of IEdin bgh. .'In this establishment nearly 200 hands were employed. In 1849, Willianm bought an estate in Peblcsalire, andl in' 1ti9 presented to hit native town of Peubla., a building known as the Chambirs' Institute, containing a library, a reading room. a lectt re lmal, amnsum,ad a galler of art. The library contained 10,000 vo unies. William wrote several popular works, buot Robert was the nmot voluoinous in authiorship all his books having a great cir cnlation. His second last work was "The Book of Days," beginning in 1800 and com- i pleted in 1807. This is a miscellany of popular antiquities in connection with the a cilendar, iinouding' anecdotes, biographies, curiosities of literature, and oddities of human life and character. The work was a success, but the labor andt study inolved I in it seero so great tmat he overtaxed his strength, and spoke of it afterwardas ha isi death blow. hilc: engaged in the work I also l e lost his wife an daughter. After this he retired to his country house in sliat tered and enfeebled health. iohert Cham hers only lived to write one more book, "The life ofSinollt." In 1868 the honorary degree of L.LD. was conferrem upon him by the University of St. Andrew's, and in 1871 ie died at the.ge of D. Williain Chambers still lives, and hias reoeived greait honor fronm Ils fellow men, thuts i 18G5. mid 1869 he was elected Lornl 1ovost-of Edinburgh, ranks similar in position to Lord Mayor of London, and in 1872 the Edinburgh Uni versity conferred upon him its iororary I degrccof LL.D. During the present year 1882) ihe issued a small memorial volume giving a history of his long and useful life, embracing within twenty yearsn of a century. Tile ocasion of this was tihe jubilee of Chlialbrs' Edinburgh Journal, which hadl been in existence for fifty years on" 4th of i February, 1882. Alexander Dumas, born 1803 in the north of France. His father was a Republican General, and his grandmother a Negress, tius making him partly- of African origin although a Frenchnmn by birth. His father died wmen ho was quitoe a child, and he thus I obtained a very imperfect education. At a the ago of 20, he came to Paris for the pur pose of seeking his fortune. He oa a veory prolific author having written 80 dramas and 40 novels, and besides this he employed a nunmbr of poor autlors and literary hacks. whose circumstances or position prevented timi from demanding a legitimate price for their labor. To these persons Dumas would give a brief outline of a novel or drama, and on its composition pay them a wretched pittance for tie work,.wlich tlien appeared as the production of his marvelous pen. Thlus it happened that Dumas issued more books in a year from his novel mnuufactory than it was possible for any man to write in the same period of time; many of these repre sent a low state of morals, rather repulsive to English ideas, and are not to be recom mended forgeneral realing. Dumas received extravagant prices for lils works, having been known to charge as nmuch as a fran (10d) per line, many of the lines consisting of only a single wor, such as Yes No! Ah ! Oh ! This author's, work had an im mense circulation, both in France and Eng land, the most popular being "The Count of Monte Christo," and "The Three Mus keteers, and it was estimated tlhat up to 1868 he hald received over £750,000 from tilhe begmin g of his literary career till then. Nothing of this immense sum however re mained, because of the reckless expenditure of the man, who squandered the money as fast as he received it in dissipation, pleasure and vanity. He died in 1870, aged 67. Alfred Tennyson, the greatest of living poets, born 1810 at Somersby, Lincolnshire, is the third son of the late Rev. Gee. Clay ton Tennyson, L.LD. His father was aman of great energy of, character, besides being remarkable for both strength and stature. Tennyson was educatedl by his father, and afterwards entered Trinity College, Cam bridge, where his education was completed. Here, when an under-graduate, lie received the goll medal given by the Clmncllor of the Universityin 1829 for the best English poem, the subject lbing g." Timbactob." It is stated that inl1830 and 133 he issued two small volumes of poetical efusions. Ibut they did not succeed with the English public, and were coldly receiv~d by critics. We have no information regarding the circulation of these: Nine years passed, and then, in 1842, the poems referraled to were published with many others of remarkable beauty in two volumes, when the victory was won and he became fanous. The circulation was large, the 17th edition being issued in 1863. In 1847 " The Princess " was first publisheld, the I3th edition being printal in 180(. "In membrium," Ist edition 1830, 17th edition 1865\. "Idylls of the King," first puplished at London, July Ist, 139. Sale in six weeks about 10,000 copies. At BoIton also, this'was published during the siatn year, andt thile lth thlousand ithin a imonth. The "Holy Grail," first published December 1809, 40,000 copies being onlered in advance, and other editions issued since. An edition of Tenmyion'a Poems was published at Paris 187, in five volumes, at 10 francs (or Ss. 4d. English money) and sold at the rate of 6000 volumes, or 1,200 copies, per mllontl. Bc sides tilhe poem named. Tennyson wrote several others, and in 8I6 a conconranco of iis completo works up to that time was issued. In 1846 the English Government, in recognition of Tennyson's merits conferred a p rnsion upon him, and in 1850 when Woirdsworth died lie succeeded him as Poet Laureate, wldch position he has held since. Early in 1869 IMenrs. Stralan & Co., the London publisher," purcliased the copyrights of Tenniyson's ?orks from the author, the tears being £4000 per yea r fortwenty years, and they ar to publis any neow book lie may prodce durin, that time. All this shows Tennyson to iave been a very success ful author,. takig into consideration the fact that lie has written nothing but poetry, which is generally reckonedl to be a ,very dull class of literature, atn on an average Iamongst the poorest paid of any in the world as we find it now. W. M. Thackeray, born at Calcutta 1811. His father was descendle from a Yorkshire family, and held aninmppo t position dilcer the East India' Company. This gentlcuian died in 1816 aged 30, when Iis little sonwas but 5 years old. In 117 Thnacker?y was seut home to England, and during the voy age the ship visited St. Helena, where the great French Emperor Napoleon was kept in exile, after tihe battle of Waterloo and his defeat by the British. In one of Thackc ray's later works, he thus refers to this inai dent. "Our ship touched at an island oI the way home, where my black servant took me a walk onvr rocks andlhills till we passed a garden, where we saw a mn walking. Tlhat is BomLprtet, said the black ; he eats three sheep every day, and all the children llu cal lay hIis haiids on." We can imnagine the terror produced upon the youthful mind of the boy by such a statement. before he could reason unon its eredibility, and feel sure that- hle ould not be atase till tie the ocean was placed beti:een him and such anmonster. Tuhi black servant however was Sno worse than :mny guardians of ehilldren r now, who frighten themi into subnissionm by tellin" talcs about giants, drgoa, mnid otlier Sdreaul creatures. Thackeray oa rschking * ollgd was idlucated at Cliarterhiodse School, andl afterwards studied at Trinity College. Camb.idgc, up to i1830. In 1832, o attainiing hia mIajority," he meI into pOa Ssssion of £20,000 left by his father, bat tlia ias soon dissipated by plaj ing at cards Swith friends and oticrs, whlo flecilt u n, andsengaging in some foolisli newspaper 0., * tcrprizc whincl resulted in lposs ti all cot. eenicd. Thlac-kery pi truth \'as too goui a hearted .ail somple to he torusted with. Ianol. inmoey t otfe tOune a, no e thsl becmce the pnrey f uniny s? clevst rague, who founs hint willing victim to their desians. His friends originally intended him to Tecome a lawyer, but eieasowed an aversion to this, by pre fetringdrawing and painting, which he enci tirnted for- some yani-nat.the Fin. Arts Galleries of Weimar, Rome. and Paris. Finding, however, that'he 'suceeded better as a writer Thackeray afterwanrds devoted himself to authorshlip-s as profoseion. In 1832, when aged 21, ho wrote a short sketch entitled "Elizabeth Brownrieggc"forFraser's Magazine, but it is not till -1837 that -we find him comin more prominently forward, when" The History of Sanmuel Titnmarsh" and "The great Hoggarty Diamond' oap. eared inthe snme periodical. Thackc?y's iterary career may be prectically: said to have commenced at this period, as howea-a constant writer and contributer to Fraser's Magazine, London Punlch (first established in 1843), and the Conhlill :Iagazine (pub lisied at Is. and establislha! ii; 180) of which be was appointed editdr, riid o hcupied that position till April, 186 The success of the Cornhill Magazine was- secured from the beginning, as when No. 1 was p lishlied the large ntlber 'of 110,000 copies were sold, anod on No. fully 100.000 eopies ; a etrcirullation which was steadily kept up, and since then it has eontinuedl to he one of the most popular nmaaga.ines' publshed.l Tiacheray received an ernormous voolpnoa tion while connected withll the Conthill Magazine; indeed, it is stated that whoe writing two tales in eao.i l rnte - during . 10 months lie w-as paid £.31 for every monthl of the time. lil -principal novels are "Vamnit Fair," firit publiahled 18, "Pee dennis,' in 1S0t . " The Newcomes," ini I&7, "EEsmond,'in 1851., and "The'' Vir ginians," in 1859.i These frHn the lirst wore extremely popular and havboe been 'sice pub lishnd in great.ovariety. f ofeditiilc.h lie also dellverel lecture on "Th?e Filrlislh Hlnmorists," and "The Four Georeos," which were receiverlwitli great favor when published in bobk:'fonrm - TlC- cEnlislh Humorists is divided into iti lectures eal itog with Swift, Con"reve, Addiison, Steele, Preor, Gay, Pope. If Hogarth, Smollett; Field ing, Sterne and Goldsminth. - As a merciless exiposer ofvauity md slhamis aid lun acute observer of nlen'amid wonlen as tlhey are, Tlhaehray has never heei snrpassed. To 'ive an idea of- bis style, ire lhere- inclulde two seleetions from his leetures on the "Foor Georges." The last years and eid of George UI:-" All the worll knows the story of his nmalady; all history presents n0o sadder figure than that of the old man; blind, m?n deprived of reason, wanldering throulgh tihe rooms of his upalace, adcdressing imaginary parlianente, reviesring facicdnl troops, and holding- ghostly conurts. r have seen his picture as it was laken' at this time. The poor old fatlher is represente in a purple cown, his snowy beanrd falling over lhis breast, the star of his anmiso olrder still' idly shining on it. He was Inot onlysight leIns ; lie became-utterly deaf.- All light all reason, all asotnd of human voices, all the jdeasures of this world were taken from him. Some aslight lueid; moments lie liead; ii one of whleh, the Queen, desirinng to see Ihini, on tered the room, and foondl hiei si1nging- a hynn, and aomlpnysing himself 'on the harpiischonrl, Whelie he d finislhed, lie hnelt dowsn and prayNed aloud for her, mid then for his famnily, ntold tlhen for the nation, concluding witlh a'prayer for himself;, tlat it iliigit please God to avert is lheavy cal?nlt' froin him, Iut if not, to Siere resi. nation to submit. Iie thonu lurst ito tears. nnd his reason again led. Wlfat preacher need moralize on this sto?y; what nonl.., save the simplestare r?liisite to tell it? It is too terrible for teats. The thought of sucb a misery smites 1no down in submission before the ruler of kings and nmen, the mon areh supreme over empiresand republics, the inscrotable dispenser of life, death, l.appi usnone, victory. Low he lies to wlnmln the proudest ussl to kneel once, ald who was cast lower thani the poorest, lead, for whonm nmillions prayed in vain. Driven of" Ihis throne, buffeted by rude hiams; withll, his clhilhlren in n~volt, the darling of his age killed before hinl ultimatelyo our 'Lear hlangs over lher hreatiless lips and cries, "Corlelia, Cordeliha,stay a little i" "Vex not his.ghost; Oh let hlilt pass;-lie S [hates hien Tlhat would upon thee rack of this fou,,t wordh Stretch linm out longer " uash strlfe aid. -narrel, over the solemn: grave! Sonnd tr1iilpts a mnOunlfIl march, Fall dark curtain, npon lhis pageat, Ihis pride, his grief, his awful tragedy. ' (Tobe ontinued), 