LOCAIi NEWS. Mu.E. F. Hughes, Surgeon Dantist, will visit Maryborough in a few days, and may be consulted at C, H. Hughes, chemist, Adelaide street, on all matters appertaining to his pro fession, — [Advt.] We arc requested to mention that a state went in our local contemporary's last issue, that Mr. H. M. Hall, Inspector of Polynesians, had obtained six months leave of absence, is incorrcct, tl at gentleman having notyet applied for leave. The following gentlemen are gazetted Jus tices of the Teace, viz., J;\bcz F. Davis, Buuda* berg i A.J. Goldsmith, Maryborough ; Arthur Johnston, Gin Gin; A. M. Masterton, Mul grarc ; Edward Mullett, Monduran ; Richard Ruddle, Bundaberg ; G. Skyriug, Bundaberg. The following tenders were opened on Friday afternoon at the office of the Commissioner for Railways For a concrete culvert, Kent street, Maryborough, IT. ChalJands, £990.) Hanseu and Stcpbenscn, £885 ; E. H. M'Arthur £1015 5«. The foregoing were all received by telegram. Complaints are made of the ravages com mitted in the neighborhood of Pallas street by a gang of pigs, the animals being of so heavy a breed as to be more destructive than the com mon domestic porker. Swine arc not desirable citizens, aud the inspector might take steds to abate the nuisance. The monthly meeting of the Maryborough Chamber of Commerce will be held in the i Council Chamber on Thursday next, when all members of the Chamber arc invitel to attend and discuss the business on the paper. Appli cations for the office of paid Secretary will then be opened and considered. ^ At the extensive sales of thoroughbred horses at Sydney last week, Messrs. Rutherford Bros., of Rockharapton, purchased a chestuut colt, by New Holland— Meditation, and the grey colt Ante, Amongst other sales we note tbat of Saunterer to Mr. J. Abrahams for £157 10s. ; be Somerset to Mr, M.Fcnnely for 310. Mr, Sachs made a few purchases for Queensland. At the great sales of yearlings there were no Queensland buyers. Ma. Thomas Hutcbins writes : — Through your issue of to-morrow will ' yon call the attention of the Inspector to an allotment of land near my office in Bazaar-street, on which stands a notice ' Rubbish can be deposited here.' This being in the heart of our valuable town, Imay ask what authority have thcowucrs of the land lo fill up with rubbish and choke the natural drainage iu a manner detrimental to the health of the surrounding neighbors. The entertainment given in the Town Hall lost night by Lieut. Manfred Rose attracted a fair audience We were not present, but learn from several who were, that ihc performance was a long way above their expectations, nnd much more amusing than many entertainments which have drawn crowdcd bouses. The enter tainer has come here unheralded by a flourish -of trumpets, but it is evident he is none the less a really clever performer. To-night, a second programme will be given, for particu lars of which we refer our readers to Lieut'. Rose's advertisement. Mant oT our citizens of an enquiring turn of mind have been pleased to cvincc »n interest in a gas engine, which for ihc last three months has ably driven the printing machine in the Chronicle office This is the first gas engine imported to Maryborough, nnd being, there fore, somewhat a novelty, a few more; people would perhaps like locorucand see it. jVVccan testify lo the great advantage these engines possess over steam machinery, and have no donbtnow that the motive power — coal gas — can be ohlained in the town ut a low price, gas engines will l-e employed by every business man who uses machinery requiring something more than manpower. ; A Meeting of tho Committee of tiie Bowing Club will be held at :ihe Mclbourne HStel this evening at 7.30 .o'clock for/important business. A cricket MATOH-yas^ay®^^a^rday! 'between the Young Queensland Club and the Grammar School eleven, the former winning by 8 wickets. O'Mara with 19 runs was top-scorer, Goodwill 'made 11. and Roberts one big hit for C.1 * For the Grammar School, Hill and W. Cameron were the only double-figure scorers, A scratch match was played ^on the reserve instead 'of the 'eleven against fifteen as bn nounced. C. Powers played a 'fine inniugs for 40 runsi '''By-thc-way, 'we notice ^that ^*the Stanley cricketers, in publishing an account of their recent tiip, speak very highly of the ex cellent bowling of Mr. M. Stringer, of Tiaro, Mr, M. C. Mason, of Headington Hill, a gentleman who deservedly holds a high posi-; tion i»i the estimation of the people of the Dar ling Downs, and is probably the premier agri culturist of the colony, is now on a visit to Maryborough, and wc are glad. to hear his visit is likely to 'be ''productive of'local benefit. Mr« Mason, whbse flocks are of the purest descrip tion, has promised to send up to our show, some valuable exhihfts of Lincoln and Merino sheep, Prince Albert pigs, etc. 'over 100 head in all, and every one pure- bred. A few more such exhibits from the well-stocked couuty on toe other,, side of the coast .range would give our annual show something more than a district reputation, - ; ? The Circuit sittings of the Supreme Court will commence ;it the Maryborough Court House oh Thursday next, 27th inst, beforehis Honor Jastice Harding, who may be expected to arrive by the Lady Bowenfrom Rockhampton. Thecriminai cases, which will be taken first, are as follows : — Jimmy (Polynesian) from Bundaberg, for murder $ W. F. Eglington, Bundaberg, arson ; j Divid Hamilton, Bundaberg, larceny; W. ! Knudscn, Tiaro, larceny ;W. Boardman, Mary* borough, larceny, (twocharges.) The Attorney General (Hon. Pope Cooper) will prosecute* Tbe Civil sittings will probably not, commence before Monday. The following causes are down for trial , viz., Woodyatt v Keith, libel ; Booker » Dart, slander ; Dowzer c Scougall, libel. The re-appearance, after an absence of many years, of the Hon. W. H, Walsh in the streets of his once beloved Maryborough is an event not to be lightly passed over. The 41 knight of the rueful countenance11 seemed altogether at sea while doing the block iu a well- appointed cab, and probably doubted the accuracy of bis visual organs as huge chimney-stacks, llanng red omnibusscs, Grammar Schools, railway trains, and other evidences of the march of civilisation greeted his optics. We hear tbat the great changes wrought by recent pros perity upset him, and he refused to be com forted until, weary of the evcrchanging kaleidoscope of fresh faces and new buildings, he chanced upon the 'oldest inhabitant' aud burying his serried visage iu the well-starched shirt-front of the O.L aforesaid, found relief in weeps of the most broken-hearted description. It is stated that our original William Heniy is not the man he once was. A few old identities recognised him,notably.Paddy.Hickey, M'lvemy the bell-man, R. Evans, Esq., and others whose power in old election limes was potent indeed ; but the honorable gentleman knew them but as ghosts of bygone substantialities, and un heeding the proffered hand, passed on to the Burrum. From au unpretentious blacksmitbyin Rich : mond-strect, near the Commercial Bank, Mr. W. Atkinson, the proprietor, has recently evolved the ' Globe Carriage Works,1' an establishment so estensive and complete as really to rauk with the important manufactur ing industries of the town. With a staff of over. 30 skilled hands, who, howevei, are too few for the increasing demands of tbe public, Mr. Atkinson carries on the business of wbcel wrighting, blacksmithing, horse- shoeing, and coach-building. Ihe lastnamcd is a trade ?which in this country of travel is considered almost one of tbe fine arts, and., it is in this line that tbe 'Globe works' are evidently destined to create a high reputation. Whether it be that Mr. Atkinson is exceptionally talented himself or fortunate in obtaining highly skilled workmen and the best of timber we know not, bat certainly Ihe vehicles, wagons, dragons; drays, bread-carts, and baggies now visible 'in course of building or completion, show ? unusual excellence and f.rtistislic finish io both design and fitiiiv. We know from experience the importance of good and true wheels accurately tired, and can 6afely assert that in this most important department of coach-building, Mr. Atkinson is preeminent amongst colonial builders. A large ani handsome sociable now being built for Mr. Neil Blue, and a light elegant buggy with con nected springs on a new American principle, will probably represent Mr. Atkinson's estab lishment at the ensuing show, ;and wili not fail to command admiration. The ' Globe Car riage Works' occupy a lar^e&rea; of ground, a Vrnntom. & klTfXS »nA A depth of Over 100 feet gives a good space for workshops, but though the main building is two. storied, there is barely room for tbe large staff of workers. Taken all round, the establish ment is a credit to Maryborough, The chief steward of the steamer Dcrwent was arrested at Rocknampton on a charge of smuggling jewelry ^caught in the act at 11p.m. Coal has been found at a depth of three feet below the bed of the Burrum River, whilst the contractors were sinking for tbe trial piles for carrying the bridge. The secretary of the Queensland National Association is now prepared to receive .the names of persons requiring Creole sugarcane for planning, grown on St. Helena, and is claimed to be the most profitable plant yet in troduced to the colony, The Bund ah. rg Mail says : — The absence of the Inspector has del-tycd the disembarkation of the Stanley's Polynesians for several days. This has caused loss of time and annoyance to all interested. Two important labor districts arc more than one inspector can be expected to look after. 