PARLIAMENTARY ELECTIONS, Ms. W. TURNER ON HIS LATE PARLIAMENTARY CAREElI. As announced by advertisement, Mr* William Turner, ox-mombor for Northumn-' borland, addressed his former constituents from the balcony of Roon's Hotel, Platts burg, on Wednesday evening. The audionco was one of tho largest that had assembled in the district for some years, arid completely bloolcoed the street for a considerable distaneoo on either side of the hotel. Mr. Rushton, Mayor of Wallsend, explained that through a sudden and unex pected call to New England, Mr. J. IFlotcher, junr., Mayor of Plattsburg, was unable to preside as announced, and moved that the chair be taken by Alderman Richardson. The CTar?nMAN briefly opened the meeoot-. ing, and bespoke a fair and quiet hearing for their late member. Mr. Tu'ernn on coming forward was mot with loud cheering. He remarked that a few evenings ago he had the pleasure of sitting on that balcony listening to the speech of his late colleague, Mr. Melville. Previous to his entering on the balcony he said to his friend, "If you are not too long, Melville, I shall take the opportunity of addressing a few words." "All right," said he. But as his speech proved very long, and thelr disposition was to retire at its conclusion, he lot the oocasion pass. IHe would not have done so lhad he not uiado up his mindto address themlater on. (Hear, hear.) Thoro was an impression in the minds of many electors in Wallsend and Plattsburg that because ho had resigned his position as their representative in Par niont that they weore not going to hear his voice again, and , that 'beyond his recent valedictory address in the 4e'w vriteto fMorning Horald, they would hear nothing more of William Tur-' nor He told somene' of his friends in' reply to interrogatories as to what his in tentions wore, that he "should moot the eleotors after the holidays, and. endeavour to lay before them as fully and as concisely an he could, the .action he had taken with rogard to measut os submitted to Parliament during his tenure of ofilco. (Boar, hear). Those who know him would not attilbuto to him the fault of ingratitudo, and he could only say that had ho refrained from meeooting the electors n publico mooting and allowed his printed address to act as his last words to theom, he would have boon justly 'entitled to tho chargo of ingratitude. About niub years ago he came into their midst from the colony of Victoria, and fioin' the first to the ;last-all things consldorqd-had receolved geonorous and manly ' treatment from l?io eloetor's' of 'Plattsbunrg and :.:Wall 'snd, as also from the electorateogoner. ally. He had had the, honour of; bolng twico olected by very liargo iiid r dolsiyq majorities, and any man occupying It pool. tion like himself, vii., that. of a working inan, must be under ta lsting obligation to ,those who placed' him in snob a high and honourable positin,. ;To'Eitoodbofore tho?nm o' giveo an accouit of his stowardship. Ieh had pledged himself that woroho esparod to seo the conclusion of twelve months, ho should presont himself before theio, and, doeplto his resignation, did not consider hlimsnlf rolenasd from the obligation so to ;d,. Hiaving boon mharged withi ah':igh com .mission, he felt hnlmoli'bomund, an Ia man of hutbnr,'to do hise'boa in disohdli'?6,df the daities, It? had ib `b'doih' witholit cosildot". ablo dlildonoo tliat, he iiesumso'd thh Poaltioi' of on'ub 'of tlbhie? tp;v uitutlb dsti :;aud' 9.uld' 'iastireib',tlimiI that ,,afliot?, a i ialn, wars tsak6n froii i piiv'hatd lifo i'laeroi'l he ad 'not had mny opportfºlitlea of taginc, ung'cignowladgo of his follow.mi1 , or iriy furthern aequintaiico .wltli the inciples f..leogislatlen thaln ]ho ;litdal tcqirod by r'adindg and Rtli(ud that lie 'dtainly, did :ol, otsone iiilsgivir gs when iaklisng'is'la uldon',dveothito lthi first assombiago of thoe lnnd,,.ad va't called upon to' moob and argueo' ith meno of the very ihast water of abillity, deep in nowledo, and, whose experience was tponed by the inestimable bonollits of higli.olnass Coly oducation, (Hlear, huear,) Ito felt that they hld indeeood placed upon him a strong imd oiprossivo responsibilityl and had hlo not bloon assured that the prlntliplos to whioh ]th conunitted himsolf, wore true, correobt, and for the bonollt of thlo'nbiiiof Northlul. hclrland and the coloniy itl'largo, lie should have experienced a deogree of difldenco wlhloh would have detracted considerably from h11 influtooo ne as a meiabr. During the firast session he did' not saymuch. He felt that it would be to his advantage-and certainly not to the' disadvantage of the electorate-that his first session should be spent in estimating and mentally weigh ing his compeers, and gaining an amount of Parliamentary experience. He sat, there fore, with a watchful eye, and was happy to say that when he "did speak he. was con gra-tulated upon his remarks. (Hear, hear). Next dessionrhe certainly settled-down more comfortably to the work; and, doubtless, had not circumstances forced him out of his position, that he would have acquired still .. greater confidence, and to a much greater extent have represented their interests, and 'conducted himself creditably and efficiently in his place in Parliament. (Applause). As itwas, he was no longer there; and though he looked back with regret to the fact, might.ex press a hope that although out of Parliament it was no absolute sequence that he was to remain out of it all his life." (Hear, hear). He waa a young man, and possibly, if for-. tune favoured him, might yet be there again. (Hear, hear). But, to refer to his actions. When- Parliament assembled Mr. Buchanan- undertook :to 'criticize' the Governor's speech, and having put himself forward as the. champion of protection, lie took the opportunity of bringing that question forward. Now he (Mr. Turner) held that there was a. fit and proper time at which to advo cate. all movements. (Hear, hear.) A man, no matter how great his abilities, if he endeavoured to push forward a question at an inopportune time, did more harm than if he had left it alone. (Applause). Mr. Buchanan conceived it his duty to introduce the question of protection, although he ought to know well that in New South Wales, at the present time at least, there was no chance of protection being enter tained by the Government of our colony. After his colleague (Mr. Melville) had ad dressed himself to the- question, he (Mr. Turner) followed in a short and concise speech, and was content to leave it there without repeating. The result was that Mr. Buchanan felt how utterly hopeless it was to expect to enlist the support of any lembers on his division, and the matter was negatived. The House regretted Mr. Buchanan's interruption on that oceasiun as altogether inopportune, and would have taken the opportunity of showing their opinion of his arrogance by refusing to vote for him (applause), so that he (MIr. Buchanan) saved them from an unpleasant defeat. One of the next matters introduced by iMr. Buchanan was with respect to prison labour in 1Mudgee Gaol, arguing that the products of prison labour there should be sold in that district only. There was much contlicting opinion on that point, and the motion was, after debate, negatived by a large majority. He felt it his duty to vote for it, holding that prisoners should bhe forced to work for their living like free men. It was, however, diflicultto focus the political economy of this question. Government ought to dispose of its prison labour in a general way, to distributo it over the whole colony, rather thtan centralize it in any town in which a gaol might be situated. (Hear, hear). At the last election he entered somowhat lengthily into the advisability of utilizing the large fisheries of our colony, and quoted statistics to show that this industry, if properly directed and taken care of by the Govoenment, would return a handsome revenue, and was glad to say that Govern ment took up the question promptly. A Bill was drafted and submitted to the House, dealing with this very question, the result being that the Bill, in all its con stituent features was pasaed by considerable majorities, and was n.,w the law of the land. Sir H. Parkes stated in introducing it that they could only regard it as a trial Bill. H3owever, few appeared to have any definite ideas as to what should be the details of such a Bill, and they had, to a largeextent, to work in the dark, although hon. members wore actuated by a desire to preserve t?o industry, and give it a placo in their midst. If it operated in the way intended, a con siderable industry would be nurtured and fostered, giving employmeont to hundreds and thousands of persons. If not, Govern ment could amond it, and a fooling existed in Parliament to do so, if found necessary. (Hear, hoar.) During the first session Mr. Buchanan introduced a very important Bill, the justice of the principles of which must have commended them to every well meaning rman in Now South Wales and the civilised community generally, viz., the Matrimonial Causes 11111, having for its object to confer the same power upon women as on men. (Laughter and cheers.) Under the old law of England a man could obtain a divorce if able to prove that his wife coniinitted adultery, while on the other hand the woman had no redress against her husband-a regular onoe-sided law, made expressly for man, and a gross injusftice tq woman, (Hoear, heoar.) Boe lioving that a woman should occupy an equal position with man in civilized society, he voted for and supported that Dhillstronu ously(applause), and failed to see how any m.n who laid claium to respeootability could refuse woman the same rights that ho on joyed in soiety., (Hear, hear). A refusal showed that hie regarded woman a sufll olently inferior being to be placed in the snmo ranks as himself, that a tinge of tho barbaric oloment yet remained, and ?tht we wore still in a somiolvilized condition. Ho contended that this revulsion of sentiment would continue, and that, soonoer or laor women would have the' frauohiso extendod to. them, (Hearc har.) ,. That would. be one of the greatest educational stops in the world's history 1 it would tond to masoulino the female mind, without injuring It, and would vsweep away very speeoodily many of the grossly unjust lawsv th't' s6"long had 'beboon n'oxistenoo amongstbEngllishnmen. (Hear, hoear,) Mr.' Cameron' submitted another very important monasiro, and i*s a' moinbor who had oven takon the groatoes ntorst' in labour, It contained throo resolutions to the oeffoot that in all onsoe; whrro practi cabloh thoe ,hours: of. work on, ouir 'ailways" shpuld be limited to bight hours per day. A. third olause provided that in all'contraets this system should be recognised, and made ' r15is,. ,(Applauso,) Tliis'was a question ,thll~t hIn l'rough0t'b6utl eoiy"bd ld rlif true sentiments oflany':nomlbors of Par. liamont,., o,.' general; oloeltonq woreo not loig'pait; aiid lto' uction' was 'feirleslyo pressod as to hoi fcar tho" could ggtonyi'rds' ndrldug it the law '6f tihb landi jlii thle di?oussionu that oensud on the motion thov sornmed to tbo',,,,no. getting, awayfroim the faot, thahi?,ing pr.miscd 1thu eloet??s 'ofith,y vrious eoiititun(ious'tlit th? fli o inifavour of the 8 'hour synstom they o ould nothbut vto,ofor the seaoud.elaueso. ltu't very hlago majority took oxeoplition ,to, phird, providting for the', systom. being l ip c nllodlto all alway contaoits, aot il, f Mr, utnloron had bhoon, so,,mupplitio as ,,o ' stil; tlhe whole of;ilis. lauhoses, theo rorolittion 'wduld hieve :b;cilosnt, . Io hadl the sagacity to have tho rclolnctious put ,t?oratium,,iand, aPfor tliora'niit;tr ,ald boon., ably airg ?id upom, pnrl iulntly.'.by MR', lot hr, M?[ Me6vill,; aindl othiers; the\ bill pnaseqd, ?ndu tmo system with all its bolnofits was now in force on bthe ralways of Now South Wales, (Applau?.)' 'Goveraloent thought that there should be ao aorresponding reoduction in 'wages, hut it was proved on the ropresOn tations orf Th honourablo gouetlemon'he had namedol that qutito as muh work wan! pOer formed in the shiortor as in thioe longor hours, and CGovonmontb afteor invoetigation lhaving.lucertadned the truth of this, con. ceded thlh point, and on on f the lion, nmoum bors for NewcatUle, Mr, ,hilotehor, had only recently been hanquotteod and ipreson'od at Maitland with i htinrdolne roounmtion of the fact. (Hear, hear.) Ho wished to draw attention to"? thobrparticular "liena?i? t' f having working men .representatives in the 'olony, s: exemplified in this concession. I 'Englid railway' employees were work ing'18 oiUt bf the '24' hdours-(o plduei') e and in. many instances the working classes had to'work 15.or ieven 20 hours..a day.in.. order to earn a scanty pittance. This lesson would not be without its influence on private firms, and ore long, he prognosti cated, eight hours woiuld be the standard recognised time for a day's labour in.Noew. South Wales. (Cheers). Referring tb th Milburn Creek vote and inquiry, he was in the House when that. question was being discussed, and learning from inquiry that it would not matter whether he voted for or against it, as the Government would cer tainly carry the vote, he went home: and went,to bed like a sensible man, and lefthis colleague, MIr. Melville, to wrangle it out till4 o'clock in the morning. (Voice: " You" shoted no sense in going to bed.") The first session was closed by a debate' on the financial statement; amd the proposal to ex pend eight and-a-half million pounds on the proposed loan for construction of rail ways. Believing that its expenditure was in the interests of the labouring classes lihe voted for it. (Voice: "Yes; for the Illa warra Railway, too.) Yes; he certainly did. (Voice: "-- swindle," and inter ruption.) Certainly lie had spoken against its construction at first, but that was when the proposition was to construct it,' not in connection with other railways, but by itself;, and he held that only the main trunk lines were needed first of all. A vast amount of "back scratching" existed in Parliament, and to gain support in one particular direction it was necessary to promise to vote for the expenditure of sums of money in other parts. (Laughter, and interruption.) It was put to hinm thuo: "We are prepared to vote for the cobstrue tion of ia railway to Newcastle if you will vote for the construction of one to Illawarra," and he conceived it to be his duty to vote for its construction. [Voice: "Don't come that trick about Parkes. Ho's off wakthing that ghost." Laughter.] Members, under the circum stances, could not vote for the construction of railways in other parts without voting, for this one, [Voice: "It's an infernal swindle for all that."] He did not think so. Many persons said that the rail way to Newcastle was a swindle; but he failed to see it, as it would be the means of opening up a source of labour for years to come. Expenditure of public money meant a demand for labour, and consequently a rise in price. (Hear, hear.) Honce lie deprecated cheese-par ing economy. [Vorca,: "It only means opening a railway with public money to open a colliery in the south to compete with us." "Rubbish," and " Shut up."i The speaker next referred to iummigration,. and related the efforts made to introduce the vote for immigration purposes. Thanks to the never-ceasing efforts of Mr. Melville and Mr. Fletcher, the passing of the vote was held in abeyance until the amount was brought forward ,on the Estimates. Sir Henry Parkes felt conscious thatthorewas a, strong anti-immigration olement in the As sembly which would be. able to make a great show in the'o discussion ensuing; and hence found it advisable to cut the proposed vote down considerably. The state of the country was so evident that even the most rabid advocates of immigration could not put for ward the plea that labour was so much wanted that it was necessary to import it from England. He, in conjunction with Meossrs. Melvillo and Fletcher, made adead set against the item, with a result that they all fairly well know, viz,, that the Premier consented to reduce the item to ;40,000. (Hear, hear.) They weore in n hopeless minority, but so firm a front did they piut on, and so good a case did they make out, that this smaller amount was consented to. (Hear, hear,) No portion of N.S. Wales had discussed the Local Govermnent Bill more than Northumberland, and it has boon discussed from acomprehensive standpoint. Ono of the great complaints laid against political institutions in N.S. Wales was that members had to spend so much of their time running about to the various Government offllces squabbling for grants for roads, bridges, etc., a system thoroughly in vogue, but a complete disgrace to the colony. nevertheless. The Bill was put back and back, owing to the voluminous nature of its details, lin. members soeeking to postpone it by reasol of the worli that would necessarily be entailed. In nll probability, it' would be brought forward angnin next sesaion. One rf the greatost dr.awbaoks of parliamontary life in Now South Waloe was that a member was expoeted to be con tiunally travelling round from one ofioo to another looling for monoy grants for his constituenoioy, while ho ought to be consider-. ing more how and where hlie could 'be ablo. to make the broad and butter roquisito to supply himself and his family. (Applause.) The speaker proccedod to discouss the Ohineso itostrlotlon Bill, and remindod his heiarors that lie had boon a staunoh supporter of the Liceonsing Bill in all its stages. (hoear, hoer,) Sovornl. matttrs lhe had boon looking for ward to weoro thoso reforred to by Mr, .Flotoheor, wion tat hou. Iniaulmeor itubled his sorlos of motions rlattvoe to niinufacturo of railway linos from native oresH, and tlhe ])rosont system of granting nilning lasos;-theo lItter boing one of 'the grossest abuses in this colony. (Loud ippl)iausI). He pointed how, unfortuniatoly, throulgh sroessuro of btlor 'business thes , mltters had boon unnavoidably postponed for considoration, and proooeeded to dwvll " briufly upon the Birds and Animals Protee- ; tion Bill, and other measures dlsoussed. IRospooting theb Milburn Croolk ataia, 'he' justifloed his aotiou in having voted in 'do-.' foncei ofMr, Garrott' pointing out .virlou' i faets in theo ovdonuo tending to'show tlihat;. Mr.: Garrott had boon unlustly imtspetolacd.,, in conneotion wlth thlo.natteor;. osootlng Ilia roeason for resignilg when solloIted 'by',' many. friounds' to come forward' and offer hiuisodelf again:]lb roftisilod' on tho' groundtl: that lihe could' not exactly soo'low I(hviglnig', it go to Sydduy 'iud spond'tho's of roE.'his thn oin Paitualiunont hocoiild bo dohd jUiatl'o'" to !linasolf and fiaitily .. .Tlho mantlor w ",is'. oiti to him thus' ,"You a,vo, livin'l in'' obsourlty, and ifiuolurned.toeuIParliaimnonf you may bo nblloin!Sydnoy'.to got some hA!ug to do, or tnrC saone businoss by:whioh you con mniro.ouo .ntlction,to .tJo t lttlo yoh o makning hero." - Ho thloughC thatf tlho moot h]lolp'ol,yiow, .to, tiko; of, tho cau. Whionr'ho oanm'o bol'forod thori to' sook tholi annul'gos, ho ktiLowtlhaib h]o'dould nitlro, intil( vnnaimnldng, f liviig wlioaro o io wnsa;muilthld olhinoa?a woro' that hlo odihil' iid would maltao,' eomothling,n addltionitn'i Sydtibo, esiuli',i~ai wquld, omnh bld .ollin tb '?doqluat6Olyfull i'h~i;' arl'lHnimontnry dhitoa Ho told Mr.illtuh','. ton and.olihoras htltoo.haonuld not.hopol,'oi?.a. ilinvy. HII niovbr naoed.fo, ono, nnd nevor enid mhat ho oxpootod ono,. -~HIa aon wna, ttr 'ilho tlnOiuin 'tho llo uthoh'rialg trado,i nnd:lho - imnginod,.thath:bvy gotng inLoi thou.~uano ho could do woll,:u tL I 'iso'6Of noavrly :iiOipFon' oont?. In tho piloo 'of' mot durlngi ':a;rfn i woolai' annd ia Buluoriouob "oontinuai1 imol led .t0 o oIoBH, .whlohlio stood' o ian loij' ti' IosRiblo I.li'fnao till lb 'Wiru Jmlpoaulblo for , hia poolso'to' ktand IIltniy. lon'goar, Iocourao hid thon to bb anmdo'ato otlhoi minoa, anfl hb't would'onthdidly confoua t;hat Ihd 'ib nolib?ootn' for tho gonoroun nanlatanoo of, friond thou, on tha voran'dah (Mr, Iolotohor) ho would hrivo boon' ootipollod to roalp' longf'nago. Mr.l, Flotoablr :. iow ble nltuntlonu . mnd rattiultounly told him thtli Io would holp lilm to oontlnto to ihold hli postilon, ' (Ap. plauno.) Soino poraonna ind blnamd hih f?t uoott:luft. a (ovortnaont poalllon,-("No, no")j but ho boliovod thliy would havo, blamed him verymuoh more if he had not done so. (Loud :cherinigand vond- ices : "You did right, Bill; quite right;") Had he aCceprted such' as thei resultof blindly; nerving Government,.f and comproinising bis own principles to servo another's in torests., then would.- he have/ been justly blamerdble, aidAl fairly one to be marked with their wilthering scorn-and political damniatiorif No:. 'He voted on the Milburn .Creelk affair against the Goveoment w?hen it was admitted to be a'que?tion on which, the Ministry would abidd a fall. (hlar, hear.) More than that, he never asked anyone to give him a billet, and was proud to think that he wais so much thought of in Parliament as to be offered one. Hole ould have presented hini self and told thorn of his intention to re sign, but the officeo offered him had been offered 'so suddonly and altogether unex pectedly, at the Inst moment, that it was gazetted almost before he could turn round. (Hear,-hear.) Referring to a recent letter in the Ecening A4rew, lie pointed out the writer was vastly mistaken when stating that the minors had made a pledge to sup. port him pecuniarily after his return. Such a statement lihe distinctly repudiated. Heo never was promised money support when lie went in and never eopected it. (Applause.) He had ondeavoured to do his duty in every .sense, and in resigning his trust felt that lie could still live amongst them, without one person giving him the cold go.by, because of circumstances having forced him to re sign. (Cheers, and voice: "You can live well enough amongst us, Will.; I'm a long way worse than you, yet I can live amongst :them, Will." Laughter.) Mr. Turner, .after a few concluding remouarks, and having ;answered several questions satisfactorily, retired amid loud and continued cheering. The CisnaerAN, before calling on some .one to propose a vote of thanks for Mr. Turner's past services, remarked that he observed Mr. Fletcher, M.L.A., on the ,verandah, and would, with their permission, take upon himself to aski that gentleman to make a few remarks. (Applause.) Mir. FLEr'aCIIEIt, in response to calls, cane forward and moved a vote of confidence for ?Mr. Turncr's past services, amid great ,cheering. In the course of his address, he expressed his sincere regret that circumstances should have arisen necessita 'ting his riltiremient from Parliamentasy life. ?le 'brioely, and in forcible terms, testified to the manly and consistent nmanner in which Mr. Turner's duties had "been carried out over since he, first under. took the responsible and arduous duties devolving upon him as a iomember for Northumberland. The motion was seconded in several places, and carried unanimously amid loud cheers; the' proceedings (after several fuather ,questions had been put and answered) closing with votes of thanks to the chairman, and to the representative of the N''easntle Mltornwin He''raul. 