THE NEW PROTESTANT-HALL. On Saturday afternoon the foundation stone of a new Protestant-hall, to be built in Exhibition street, was laid. An archi i tectural description of the building which is to be erected appeared in The Argus of Tuesday last. The ceremony was performed by the Rev. Dr. Gilchrist, in the presence of a large number of persons, among whom were Major Smith, Messrs L. L Smith, W. M. Clark, Laurens, and Barr, MlA'i, and clergymen of all Protestant denominations. AU the Orange lodges of the city and suburbs in their regalia, and the members of the Protestant Alliance ABSociation, were present A hymn having been sung, the Rev, Dr. James Waugh, offered np prayer, after which the Rev. Henry F. Scott, of Footscray, read a portion oí Scripture. The Rev. Dr. GiLcmusT announced that apologies had been received from the follow- ing members of Parliament for their non attendance owing to othor engagements - The Hon. Robt bimson, M.L C . and Messrs Berry, Patterson (with a subscription of five guineas). Pearson, Fraser, M'Coll, A Young, Quick,Wrixon, Langridge, and Zox, M.L A.'a. He also read similar apologies from the Very Rev. the Dean of Melbourne, and other clergymen, and from Mr. N J. Mackenzie, grand treasurer of the Loyal Orange Lodge of New South WaleB, who forwarded a sub- scription of two guineas. Mr. A. G RAJIHAY, POM, in presenting a silver trowel to Dr Gilchrist, read the fol- lowing parchment record, which was to be laid under the stone - " Tbe memorial Btone of the restored Pro testant-hall, Melbourne, was laid on the 4th February, A D. 1882, by the Rev. Archibald Gilchrist, M A., LL D" Right Worahipful Grand Master of the Loyal Orange InStita tion of Victoria. The original building erected AD 1817, became too limited for requirements, and the present building was the joint effort of the Protestants of all deno minatiouB to secure a place of meeting which would be a rallying point for all lovers of the sacred principle contained in the Holy Scriptures, and whose principles are ' Honour all men, fear God, love the brotherhood, and be loyal to the Sovereign,' Truateea-William Hinds, John Branscombe Crews, James Munro, Rev. Archibald Gilchrist, M A., LL D., James Page, William Houghton, John Wesley M'Comas, Alex Ramsay, and William Strong Grand Executive-Rev Archibald Gilchrist, Right Worahipful Grand Master, T. W. Courtney, G.M , William Irvine, D.G.M., A. C Ramsay, I)GM" Rev. J. T. Kearns, Grand Chapla.n, Rev. W. Bradley, Deputy Grand Chaplain, Rev. -? Moore, Deputy Grand Chaplain, John Waugh. Grand Secretary ; William Hinds, Grand Treasurer. Grand Committee - William M'Knight, W Strong, W Mortimer, Jacob Graham, H. B. M'Clure, John W. M'Comas, W. Houghton, and Luke Devine. Architect -W. H Ellerker. Builders-John Ayres and Wm Packer. God Bave the Queen." The ceremony of laying; the stone was th<"< peiformed by Dr Gilchrist, who, «.. _ , -. fn_ .- ? ».vuoonclud . ihe Rev, Dr. GiLcmiisl than delivered a Bomewnatlengthyaddrees. He firstexplained the rise and progress citht Blovemeat to erect a new Protestant-h,,!'), and afterwards went on tospeokof ti,e principles, aimB, and objeots of those *"o whose special use the bmlJmg was, io be devoted Such an event as that of that day betokened a greater eimestness and vigour in the Protestant organisation Among the resalta of that organisation was that a keener watch was being kept on the movements of e\ ents both in the religious and political world, with a view to the taking of such notion aB might secure the free play of liberal Protestant principles in the conduct of public affairs, as well as the prevention of sectarian partiality in the appointment of public officers (Cheers ) Ho referred to the magnitude and lnlluonco of the Orange asso- ciations of the old world, and Bald that in Eng land many even of those who found thetn selves unable to approve and adopt the histori cal politics of Orangeism were constrained to admit the necessity for some association of kindred aima and objects to check the aggresBive action of the Roman hierarchy, and to counteract the disturbing influence cf that Bhuttlecock of British politics-the Catholic vote. (Applause ) He maintained that it waa necessary to preserve an attitude of antagonism to the Church of Home, inas- much as although BIIO had not moved with the advancing intelligence of the ages, she Btill claimed an infallible authority over the conscience in all things, and the right to depose kings, to absolve peoples from alle- giance to their princes, to persecute those holding doctrines opposed to her own, and to have a controlling voice in the state arrangements for the education of youth The march of progress which had taken place in England since the time of Qoeen Eliza beth would never have been permitted if the re\olution of 1CS8 had not weakened Romish influence , and another instance of the effec on the prosperity of a country of a return to Protestantism was observable lu the case of Italy, which, united under a Liberal Government, was gradually rising into power and influence amongst the nations of Europe (Cheers.) In this fair colony of Victoria they must remember tho lessons which the history of older lands afforded them. With out importing into their public life unneces sary feuds and conflicts, they must be careful not to barter any of their principles for the sake of a false and dishonourable peace, or surrender any of their advantages and privi- leges for the sake of allaying the clamour of a cunning and aggressive priesthood But while living in the utmost harmony with their Roman Catholic fellow citizens, and acknow- ledging the claims of charity, they must maintain a firm protest against their principles and practice, and adhere to truth and righteousness. (Cheers ) In conclusion he would express the hope that the noble ball which was to be reared on that spot would long lift ita bead as a monument of the Protestant sentiment of the community, and that it would prove a centre of great and ever-increasing usefulness both in matters civil and religious. He trusted that the Pro- testants would contribute liberally to wards the cost of its erection, and gathor around it as around their Btandard Let them determine to brace themselves up to the work, and carry it to a successful issue, so that it might be seen, by the manner of their prosecution of their task, that they feared no failure. (CheerB ) The Rev H B MACABTNBT, as representa tive of the Church of England, next addressed the meeting. He laid he had to express the profound regret of his father that he was un- avoidably absent They might be sure his father would have been present if he could have been, but ho waa with them m spirit if not in flesh. He (the Rev H. B. Macartney) thanked the members of the institution for having done bim tbe honour of selecting him to address them as the repre sentative of the Church of Englaud, that grand old church that three comunes ago stepped out from the Church of Rome, and that earned m her bosom the founda tiona of the other Protestant sects of this day. The event they were now performing was a, public recognition of the presence of the Church of Rome Her power was not known It spread itself around, under the ground, and there would be a mighty growth of Romanism in a generation or two In other countries the Church of Rome had kept her children uneducated Here she had to educate them, but at the samo time she was infusing into them the poison of a system that might not hurt any of her opponents for some time, but that waB ready at a single moment to break out into the flame of bigotry and wild fanaticism. At any moment the fire might break out here, and set this colony in a blaze Rome kept on to her system, and Pro teBtantsmuBt therefore educate their children, or some of them might in the future be nuns or prieets in the church of Rome In order to effectually counteract the designs of the Romish church, Protestants ought to be Christians. They muBt not only stop Rome, bat must carry the battle to her gates They must decrease her power by decreasing the number of Roman Catholics, and that was to be done by bringing to boar on them the light of truth and the spirit of the Holy Ghost He would be ten times as proud of that hall if it was to be need as a mission centre for converting Roman Catholics, and he would like to hear controversial Bormons preached in it They muBt study not to have any antipathy to the Roman Catholic men, women, and children who wore their fellow-colonists, bnt must endeavour to take their religion by the throat, and, if they could, place it under their feet The Rev. A. M'VEAN (Presbyterian) de livered a short speech on the principles of an Orançeman, during which he said that thoBe principles were not intended to injure nny Roman Catholic, but only to oppose his roll gton. The Orange institution was the only in- stitution m which the Protestant sects were united in this colony. The Rev. W BEAM-EÍ-, as representing the CongregationaliBts, said the new ball would be a place in which all Protestants could gather togethor to devise means to reach their Roman Catholic brethren and contort them. Ihe Rev. Dr. GILCHMBT stated that the Rev, W. P. Wells was to bave spoken for the Wesleyan Church, bat was not preset-1 He | had asked tbe Rev Dr Waugh to supply Mr Wella' place, bnt Dr. Waugh thought they might as well consider that Mr. Wells' epeoch had been delivered (Laughter). | The National Anthem was sung, and tho ceremony closed with the benediction, pro- nounced by the Itev. W. H. Walton. Three cheers were given for the Grand Master, and the assemblage then dispersed. 