WHEN -THE SHIP COM?ES HOME,. BY BESANT AND DICE, . '?R~C'Oi Ii '(commUTEn). ' : TnE?nR was nothing ulusual ill my appear ance on deck at night. The air was hot and oppressive below; on deck it was cool. I had often stretched myself on such nights on the tarpaulins, and slept as soundly upon themeas in my cabin; no one among the conspirators would think it strange to find me thus. Presently I pulled myself together abit, and made up my mind, things being'as they were, to go straight to the officer of the watch. He was walking up and down, a boatswain's whistle hanging round his neck. When he saw me he held it in readiness. ' Murder on board, sir," I reported, as calmly as I could. "Ay, ay," he replied. "Very like; go aft and see the bo's'n." It Wvas a strange reply, but I understood, later:on, that it had been resolved to accept my services, and to trust me with firearms. So when I went aft, the boatswain pulled out a revolver,'a knife, and some ammu nition, which he had ready for me. ."There," he said, " do your duty by the ship; young fellow; we shall want you to morrow night belike, or maybe sooner. But go below and turn in." .This I would not do. I waited for the officer, and begged him to listen to me again, while I told him my story. "I take it, sir," said the boatswain, that they may try it on to-night. It isn't a bad dodge, you see, to get the day altered a bit, in case of treachery, and if you'll allow me, sir, I'll tell off the passenger for the young lady." ' Six pistols against twenty-five men," said' the bofficer. "I think we can fight it out without waking the young lady." But the boatswain urged that he had got everything ready for her; and that she would be frightened down below, and might come up on deck in the thick of the fight, and get harmed; so that it was finally resolved to awaken her and bring her up on deck.. " Now, mister," said the boatswain to me, "you look like a man who'se gdt his eyes open, and his head set on right end up; you: listen to me. When the young lady comes on deck I shall put her in this boat." Theie was a gig hanging to the stern davits; thesherweie turned round in readiness for the lidoadt'tb:e lowered. "If things go wrong, as they will sometimes go wrong in this woild' geair, lower away" (he showed me the rope), " uand sling yourself in after her; then, if no one else comes, out her adrift, because'we shall be dead. When I whistle, or the chief officer whistles, don't wait, not even for; ii parting shot, but lower yourself away itl?'her and take your chance." The prospect of a fight steadied my nerves, and, after a careful examination of the rope, on which all might depend, and looking to my revolver, which was fully loaded and capped, I began to feel excited. All this took time; the third officer was giving orders to tile men on watch, which prevented them noticing me talk at the wheel; and it struck six bells, which was three o'clock in the morning, when I saw the young lady dressed and standing on the deck. " What is it ? " she asked; "tell me what is wrong, Mr. Croil." "Be brave, young lady," he said; "nothing is wrong, I hope, but plenty may be.= ,Here's the :captain." SI noticed the captain's stern face as he came slowly aft, and I thought that, if the attack was made that night, some lives mightbe sent to'a sudden reckoning. He was as steady as a rock. .'Miss Elwobod,;" he said, "we expect a litt!e. mutiny, and are quite ready for it; but we have asked you on. deck to keep you as safe as possible. They:have got no fire aims, but we may have an ugly tussle. I?et me help you into the boat-so. There are rugs and wraps, and you must make yourself as cosy as possible. To-morrow mibriing, if we get safely throughout the nig~li/t, we will have them in irons; but if the,? try it on to-night, we must fight them." The young lady obeyed with a shudder, buit said no word. 'Thieu the captain looked round. The chief officer, with the third .officer, was forward; with himself was the second mate, and' behind him was the boatewain, steering the ship? .' . ' . " ' hlier h:lied, .bo's'n ?". " Nor'-west by west, sir." " And the trade straight as a'line'; the shilp may navigate herself for half-an- hour. Whalia:tl at for'aid?" he asked; pointing. "Mtiniers" saitd the boatswain, quietly. .":,'"S dy all," said the captain. "You, sir "--he.turned to me-'! remember your pgh '! , '- " ?nI the dim- twiligh of .the starlit night, for the moon was down, I saw creeping up the cori;iidon' for'ard, one, two, three, half- a-dozen black forms. With the others I w;atcohed and waited, my pulse beating quicker, but my nerves, I think, steady. Then :there was a shout and a rush. We heard the crack, crack of the pistols of the tfi officers forward, and we saw them retreating before the twenty desperadoes, who, armed with knives stuck on sticks, maiirline - spikes, and hatchets, .pressed onwards, with a roar, like so many escaped dievils. The boatswains pushed me back as I'iiade a movement with the captain. lTo' your place, sir," he said, "end reaelmber the whistle;" but I fired my pistol. once-for in the darkness I saw a figure creeping under the shade of the taffrail towirds the helm. Perhaps it might be the, leider, Boston Tom; but I could not see. I 'fird aiiad he dropped; a moment after I liisrd'the whistle of the boatswain. In an instant I let go the rope, and the boat dropped swiftly into the water. .In all my life I shall never forget that scene on the deck which I caught as I sprang over the side and lowered myself, hand over hand, into the boat. Tile pistol-shots were silent now, and it seemed as if, with ia mighty stamping and mad shouting, there were a dozen figures fighting one, while the battle raged over the agonised forms of the dying and the dead. Like a photograph the image was painted on my brain, and has remained there over since. Sometimes still, after all these years, I awaken at night to hear the cries and oaths of the sailors, the crack of the caplain's pistols, and to reproach myself for not having done more to save the ship. But I did my duty. The young lady was erouchedl trembling,' in the stern 'of the boat. I reassured.her with a word-there was no time for miore, for almost as soon as I reached the boat h~otlhor form came hand over hand down the rope, and I sprang up, pistdl in' hliand, to meet him. But it was the boatswain; he had a knife, as he descended, between his teeth, and he held the rope for a moment in his hand. Half-a-dozen faces appeared in the blackness peering over the tiaffrail at him. The night air was heavy with oaths, shrieks, and groans. "Villains, murderers, cut-throats I " lie cried, " you shall be hanged, every mother's son. I know your names-I've got your record in.my pocket." He severed the rope with a dexterous sweep of his knife; instantly the great ship seemed half-a- mile ahead of us, as she slipped through the water before the strogg trade wind. The boatswain shook his fist at ber,.as if the men on board could see airud: hear. "There goes the Lucy Derrick," he said, " as sweet a clipper as ever sailed the seas, lost through a crewof mutineering, cut-throat villains. They shall hang, every one- thlat's settled-they shall all hang if I hunt them round the world." " Where are the officers ? " Iasked.. "Brained, all of them- knocked on the head and murdered. There, my pretty there, don't cry-don't take on. If the' captain's gone hlie died in the defence of his ship-gone to heaven the' captain is, with his three officers. In heaven this minute. They've no call to be ashamed or afraid. Done their duty like men. No call; else what good expecting.of a man to do his duty? And as for us, we've got' atight little craft, in thle track of the clipper ships, or near it, with a supply of provisions and water, and plenty of room on this broad ocean in case bad weather comes on. Now, mister-what's your name, sir? " , " My name is Warneford."' " Good, sir. You'll allow me to command this craft, if you please, through my beiing bred to the trade-not ia gentleman, like you." , "Yes; but perbhas I am not a gentleman,"' I replied. "Then you are a brave man I " cried the girl. "I watched you from 'the' boat. 'I saw you shoot that man creeping along on the deck like a snake. And I owe my life to you and to Mr. Croil; .But, O it seems a poor and selfish thing to thank God for our lives, with all 'tihoise good meni murdered." " Look ! " cried Ben-I shall call 'him Ben for thlie future-" they're 'bout 'ship; the lubbers I Who'll teach them to navigate the vessel? Well, they can't sail over us, that's one comfort." It was too dark for me to see more than the shape of the ship herself, standing out a black mass, with black masts and black sails, against the sky; but Ben's practised eye discovered that they were endeavouring to alter her course for some reason of 'their own. We were tossing like a cockleshell on the water, lwhichl was smooth, save for a long, deep swell. We wereo all thiree very silent; and presently I heard a noise. "They are cruising in search of us," said Ben; "see, they've reefedall. Well, it i~' too dark for them to see us before dieybreak, and if they cruise about till then-Mlr. Warneford, you have your pistol " There was but one chamber discharged 'in mine; Ben looked to his own.. . We shall be able to speak a boat," he said after awhile, "at far-off quarters or close;:and speak her we will to a pretty tune;' but; on such a night as this, they might as well look for King Pharaoh's chariot as for the captain's gig. Heart up, my pretty I We'll stand by you; and in the morning we'll be offon another tack. Heart up I " Then a curious thing happened-un luckily as it seemed then. I have learned since, for my dear girl lias taught me, to look on it as a special grace of Providence. Suddenly-having been before in a black darkness-we became as it were the centre of a great light; all around the boat there burst from the darkened bosom of the water lurid flashes of fire. The short, crisp waves, as they rose to a head, brokle, niot in white sea foam, but in liquid fire; tihe swell of the ocean was like an upheaval of dull red lava; the sea was crossed and seamed with long lines of fire-like lightning, but that they remained or seemed to remain constant. As the boat rocked on the heaving deep, the flames, red and blue, shot from her sides; the skies, which were niow overcast, reflected the light; the wind had dropped, and nearer and nearer still we could hear the dropping of the oars from the boat in search of us. It was the phosphorescent light of the Indian Ocean. "Seems as if the Lord meant to have another life or two out of them murdering mutineers," said Ben. ".Kind of beautiful, too, ain't it, miss ? Lord, I've seen it off Peru, when there was no pirates or muti neers in chase, as bright as this I That was on :bbard the Conqueror, hundred and twenty giin man-o'-war; and the chaplain preached next day on the Lord's handiwork. Here they come, Mr. WVarneford. Steady, and aim at the bow-oar i I take the stroke; fire when I give the word, and get the skulls ready in case of a miss." They were about a quarter of. a -mile astersi of us, pulling up hand over Ihand;, because use never attempte4-beiug in such bright light-to escape by rowing: .,,: 'I sat in the 'bows, pistol ini: hland-;Ben was in the stern, 'and' tlie youig 'ady imid ships.' They all hailed us to stop rowilgs. .'.,e, were not pulling at"all,'s so' thast no 'n swer wsts'icecessary.. "A hundred yasds, as I jludgesil. ulls out, and plistol"eady to ihand, ;Mi. a??i:ie ford. Don't let them' rusi jusedi'down :Nowe give lier headwviiy; o' wliii' ' say "Pt,' pull:with your left 'as lid$ a: s :l yo hoii eyl, ship the sculls, and let tle s -bo o ar have it. Sit down, my pretty, 'shut both: eyes ia::nd say your prayers for me aind Mr''Variiefordi 'cos both dn us needs theim bldly this vei'j molont."? , "Boat ahoy!" It was :the voico :.of Boston Tom. " You, Warneford I You, George Warueford, convict andw forger,:. 'vast rowlng, and give us up the bo's'n' and the girl, thenu you shall go free; if you doi't ' we will murder you as well as hihm. ,:' We made ino answer .. The' boist came near. It was rowed by four oars, and--as I supposed-BostolnTo?n' was in the stbern. "Run them down I " cried one. of ithe crew with. an oath. All the time I was pulliug quietly, so as to keep a steay ?,way upon her. "Port I " said Ben, suddeuly.: I obeyed orders, anid pulled.hy left 1 ,In stauntly the gig swung round,'aud the:heavy ship's boat shot past our' stern; and,i as she passed, Ben's pistol fired once, iaiind a yell of auguish told that the shot had taken effect. As for myself, I could not recover in time; but one of the four bars was disabled. " Surrender I " shonted Boston Tom. "Easy, boiv; pull, two; we'll run them down. Surrender, you convict Warneford I If you :won't 'take tholse terms, I'll give you better. Come on board with me and I'll show you who really done it, and put you ashore safe and sound. I'll give you your revenge; Ill establish your innocence; I'll-" This time, as.they were turning, I lot fly without orders, aiming at the bow oar;. and I hit him somewhere, because lthere wa's another yell. . They were within'three.oars' length, but lying broadside'on. : : "Puill back to your: ship,"' saitd Ben, "pirates and murderers, lest we take moroe lives I' ?We've :shot enough here for all your crew. ~ Leave us,' and wait for the time when I hang you all I" SIn their haste they had forgotten to bring thoe officers' pistols with them. Perhaps they could not find the powder and shot. Asnyhow, there was not a sign or sound from the other boat but the groaning and cries of the wounded men; and after a pause we saw thu' tw'd who were left row back in 'silence towards the ship. The fight was over, at any rate. They passed away from the'cirele of phosphorescent light in which welay, and so into utter darkness. : Then we were silent for the space of an hour o'i more. The phosphorescence died avway, 'and the stars came out again. Presently in the east appeared the first faint streak of dawn, and Ben Croil broke the silence. "What was them words as Boston Tom addressed to you, Mr. Warneford ?" "He called me convict and thief; and he said- No!" Here a sudden rush of thoughts filled my brain as I comprehended for the first time all the force of what: he did say, and I could speak no mose. "Convict I Thief! " Ben cried. "And you as steady as the best man of us all I Done your duty like a man'l Well-after that--theer -" SMiss Elwood raised her head, and looked round in the grey of the dawn. She saw my shameful head bowed between my hands. Convict and thief I I felt her gentle hand in mine as she murmured, " the night is far spent and the day is at hand; let us thank God for our lives, and for His great gifts to men of courage and fidelity. Let us pray to Him never to let us forget this night, to forgive us all our trespasses, and to help us to forgive all them that trespass against us." So in the lone waters of the Southern Indian Ocean, when the sun climbed up the rosy waves, the light fell upon a group of three in a little boat, ktneeling together, and glorifying God through the mouth 'of that innocent girl; and of the three there was one at least whose heart was humbled and softened. "Amoen I " cried Ben Croil, cleaiing his throat. "And now, we will look..about us." We looked about us;: The day was upon us, and the suri, jusot risen, wass alresdy hliot in our faces. The sea was cali, :.with s light breeze blowing from the tradei quartedr The ship had disappeared. ' No sail in sight, nor any shore," said Ben Croil, looking at a pocket 'compass. "Heart up, pretty." That was what he always said. "' There's water on Ioard, also provisions, though not what wemight wish for the likes of you. I thought it might come to this, and I victualled her. There's land on the weather bow, if the Lord let us reach it. Land-an island. St. Peter's Islanud, where well be picked up when we get there. MIr. Warneford, sir, help me hoist the osail." We carnied amast and one small sail. Ben managed the ropes, while I steered under his orders. But first we rigged up by means of the spare oar some rough kind of covering to protect our passenger; and then we sailed on in silence, wrapped in our thoughts, while the boat danced upon the waves, leaving its little track of white boam behind it. A peaceful, quiet, and happy day. Helon tells me that she was not afraid all that time, nor was I. We were in a little open boat on the open sea; we were dependent for our safety on the continuance of calm weather; we were dependent for landing anywhere on old Ben's knowledge df tie seas and recollection of the chart.' Ho knew the latitude and longitude of the boat, making allowance in dead reckoning for the time when'we left' the ship, an'd:'lhe knew the latitude and longitude of the nearest land. I drew a rough chart from his information on the back of a letter which Helen had in her plooket. In had'two places marked on it -thb'positioin of thir ship Lucy Derrick at noon; September 15th, 1851, and the island ofSbt Potec. :Itf w!as, a rough - and - ready .way of reckloning, hut .I .managed to place the position;of the' slip'as ne'ar. as possible where' we left her, and Bel began to study 'thkobhart. "".N ''whetli 'to pjut her head nor' ,'. ' ·::',- l:, . :a ,:? ,'. l'e ' - ,? , • .. . . . west-by-nor or -?ve her an extra point a northerly direction, beats me quite. And thliese?' coY e utwhvhioh in these little fair weathler craft we ain't able to guard against, aiid tIe :vind? :vlich beats her on and off like. Bu'tiSti 'ter' s lies over there. Heart up, pretty. ,'We'll fetch land to-morrow, syitl the blessing of the Lord." It; was Ben who served out the rations and the water-of which we lhad a keg besides a bottle of rum and two or three bottles of wine, which lhad found their way 'iamong Ben's stores. The sun went over our heads, and began to roll down into the west; but there was no life upon the waters 'except ourselves; no birds, no great or little fish, nothing to break the solitude. At a little after seven o'clock the sun went quite down, and in half-an-hour we were in dark ness. The breaee freshened, but Ben kept siP' the sail till I told him that I was drop ping t;o sleep from sheer weariness. Like a tlslon'htles and ii'gratoful wretch as I was, I threw myself into thle bottom of the boat, and would hiave been.asleep in five minutes but for our passengor, Wvho called the crew to prayers. She was our chaplain,' as well as our guardian angel; her sweet voice went up to heaven.for us all as she sang the evouening hymn. :.The came over me-the first time for five years-that old feeling wlhich is always new, that whether I lived or whether I died, all" would somehow be well; and with the fJelinig upon me, I laid my tired head upon the boards, and was aslooep ina moment. It was far advanced in the night when I awoke to relieve Ben. He had stripped himself of his coat and laid it over the shoulders of the sleeping girl, and was sitting in his shirt-sleeves. As I stepped lightly over her form to take the strings from his hand, he whispered me "Mate, was that true-them words as Boston Tom spoke in the boat ? " "I'hieve been a convict," I replied. "How did hle know that ? " "I cannot tell you; I wish to heaven I could." " What did he mean by saying he would tell you who really done it ? Done what ? " " Done the forgery for which I was con demned. I am innocent, Ben Croil. Before God, I am innocent." He was silent awhile. "I can't see my way plain. One thing's got to be said. We may toss aboutin these seas till our water's gone; we may get cast away; we may be wrecked. I ain't so old' but I can make a fight for life yet; and I ain't so young but what I may look to be called first. You may be innocent of that there forgery, or you may be guilty, No concern of mine. Innocent or guilty don't matter now; and whichever way it were, Mr. Warneford, tihe guilt of putting another man's name to afbit 'of paper.is like the guilt of a baby erying, at the wrong time compared to the 'guilt of ill-treating the sweet young lady." "I pray God," I returned: that he will deal with me in His wrath if I shall deal with her unworthily-that He will punish 'me afresh for the deed I never committed if I prove myself unworthy of this charge." " That will:dq," said Ben; "and now we understand neachl.other; I thlink I'll turn in. Keep herh$scad so. Steady." I let him sleep till the day was high. When the first cold breeze of the morning touched our lady's face she opened her eyes and presently sat up beside me, and we talked-that is to say, she talked. She told me about herself, how her mother was dead in England, and her father had taken her out to Australia five or six years ago. -:He was a barrister by profession, but hle had no practice and very little money. So he went to Melbourne, boiught a little piece of land with a log-house on it, and tried to practice there; only no clients came to him, or very few, and it was an uphill battle lie had to fight. Then came the gold fever, and, like the rest of the world, he,.3ypuld bezoff to the diggings to make his fortune, while his child was sent off home out of the way. All this history took a length of time to tell, and before it was done old Ben woke up with a start. He looked round the sea, as if' toDmake quite sure that we had not goiee to the bottom in his sleep, and then, nodding cheerfully to hIis charge and to me, began to scan the horizon to the north and north-west.' "Landl " cried he, pointing to what seemed a':littloebank of cloud, as big as a manrs hand, rising out of the circle of which we' ivere the centra. "Land ahead of us. Land thirty milesoff. Heartup, mypretty, and a double ration for breakfast. Now, Mr. Warneford, the breeze is light, butwe'll up sail and make what running we can. Maybe by noon we must get the sculls out." Our captivity in the heboat had been too short for'us to feel any of the sufferings or disappointed hopes which malke the story of a shipwreck so often tragic. We had suffered nothing beyond exposure on a summer sea for four-and-twerity hours. But the certainty of a speedy deliverance paled my cheek, and brought the tears to Miss Elwood's eyes. "Let us have' morning prayers," she said, " and thank God for this deliverance." Ben Croil nodded. At the same time he cut an inch or so of tobacco for a fresh fill ing,' and winked at me, as much as to say that we were not out of thewood yet. We were not, indeed. The laud,'air we drew nearer, seemed a long and low islet, without any hlills, and covered with some sort of low-lying vege tation. It was less than thirty miles from us, because, while it was seven in the morn ing whou it became visible, by ten we were within a mile, beating about for the best place of landing " The island of St. Peter ?" said Miss Elwood. "I never heard of that island; tell me:about it, Mr. Croil." "No one never heard about it," said Ben, "except them as made the charts, because no one never goes there. But they pass by, do the ships, and they will pick us up. It may be to-morrow; it may be in a-year's time; it may be in ten years' time. The whalers have been known to touch there, so there must be water; and whore there's watei there's birds, and where there's water there's fish; and so what I says again is, heartup, my pretty. Litff, Mr. Warnoford." There was a little creek, up which Ben steered the boat; it opened into a round bay or harbour capable of holding half the ships in the world. On either side was the land, not in cliffs or hills, but in a low table-land. In one place a little cascade, ten or twenty feet high, fell into the blue water, with a rainbow hanging over it, and in another we saw the remains of a rude log-house, built out of boat-planks. To this spot we steered, and landed on a point of grey sand, up which we two men pulled the boat high and dry above the tide. There we disem barked our young lady. The first thing to do was to visit the log- house. The door had fallen from its rude hinges, which had been of leather; there had been a rough kind of window-shutter, which now lay on thie ground; and the roof, which could never have been weather-tight was built up with planks, of which half a dozen had been blown off. We looked inside. On the floor lay a skeleton. Dressed in roiigh sailor's clothes, the hands in gloves, the feet in greiat boots-a skeleton. He lay e9ith his head upon his arm, as if he had given up the ghost painlessly. Beside him were a chair, a rude sort of table;, and a bed. Slhelves had been rigged up in the walls of tile house, and on these stood stores. There were bottles still fullof rum, tins of provisions, eases of biscuit, cases of candles-all sorts of things. We stood loolking in horror at this spec taele of death, which greeted us on our. landing as if it were a bad omen. S"Dead,'' said Ben Croil. ":Dead this many a day; and no ships toutched here all the time. Well, lhe's left his house to us, Mir. Warneford: we must bury him some-. how." '" And are we to live here-heore-in the same house 2" cried Helen. "O, it will be like living in a charnel-house." So it would; but what were we to do ? Finally we hit on a compromise. We would take down the framework, When we had buried the skeleton, and rebuild the house farther off. We looked in the dead man's pockets-thero was not a scrap of paper to identify him by, not any morseleof writing anywhere to show who he was and what had been his history. Ben Oroil took the boots, the overcoat, and the gloves, as well as a watch and a purse containing some English money. Then we dug, with the aid of a two-inch board, a grave in the sand, and laid the poor bones to rest until the last day. When we came back from our dreary job we found that Miss Elwood had beeoon weoping-at least, the. tears stood in her eyes; but she brushed them away and made herself help ful, runnitigbaeckwards and forwards to the boat and bringing up everything that she could carry. Our house was not finished for several days i but we made a tent for her, and slept in front of it ourselves,'so that no hasm might come to her except over our own bodies. In the daytime we wore busy build ing. We found a bag of tools, part of the bequest of our poor Robinson Crusoe, which came in handy, as you may believe; and on the fourth day we had as neat a house, twelve feet high, and in the inside fifteen by ten, as you could expect to find. There was but one room; bue weo made two at night, by a curtain made out of tlhe boat's sail. And when the house was finished we sat down, and asked ourselves, what next ? (2'o be continued.) 