CHAPTER V. At the foot of the Mount we seated ourselves on a fallen tree, close to the mouth of the Bushranger's Cave. We were both silent, myself in particular being lost in the admiration of the scenery, and my thoughts were wandering, when at length Heywood startled me by abruptly asking— "Do you believe in ghosts, Wylie 5" " What nonsense!" I answered. " Here am I ardently admiring the beautiful scene around us, when you must break in with such an absurd question. Ghosts are all firige—fiddlesticks, fit only for the nursery, ■when told by some old and respected granny, and then, of course must be believed; but such a question is quite out of place when uttered by a man of your size and age." " The reason I asked you is because I could swear Z beard a groan in the direction of the calve, where, you know, it is said the scoun drel Starlight murdered numberless victims. But it is wonderful how these yarns get exag gerated. First- a newspaper gets hold of thein, and another copies it, adding a little to make it read as if it were original; and tbns it is that small beginnings have large ends —that is, large lies. But as for believing in ghosts, I never had a tendency in that direction, not even in my juvenile days, and was always a scoffer at the goblin stones we were told round the Christmas fire in the old country — blood-curdling yarns—but they failed to frighten me very much." "Let us change the unsavoury subject," said I, "or you will be making me quite nervous. Now, what a scene is this for a painter! They may talk of their beautiful Italian nights, but I don't think this could be beaten easily. But what is the matter?" I asked, suddenly breaking off in my theme, for my companion had started to his feet, and was standing in a listening attitude. " Hush !" said he; "I am sure I heard the groan again—very low, but distinct enough. Ah ! there it is again. It apparently comes from the inside of the cave, and here goes to investigate it." And he made for the cave at a quick pace, and as we reached the entrance several groans smote out- ears. "There is some one here, sure enough, and evidently in pain," said Hey wood. We haul now entered the cavern, but it was so dark that we could not see a" foot ahead. " Hallo, there !" cried Heywood. " Where abouts are you?" But no answer was received, only the low moans continued to show that the cave was inhabited, though evidently by some one suffering intense agony. " We must have a fight before we can do anything. Let us go outside and gather up some dry leaves, and we'll quickly have a blaze," suggested! Heywood. i bis idea was no sooner said than acted upon, and in a short space of time the vast cavern was lit up by a flickering glare. We bad now little difficulty in finding that the object ef our search was a human being almost buried beneath a huge rock. He was lying face downwards, and the rock was right across his back. To remove this obstacle we were compelled to use extreme care, as the shifting of it would give fresh pain; but we were possessed of some strength, and succeeded in lifting it bodily from the prostrate man. By the tune we had him freed the fire had burned out, so we were unable to see his features. Hey wood was on his knees, and had the man's head raised, for he had apparently fainted; and I, in groping about in the dai k, struck my foot against some object, which, on closer ex amination, proved to be a lantern—the very thing we required. I quickly lighted it, and on looking at the form my friend was sup porting a burst of astonishment escaped ine. "By Jove! it is the swagmau we met on the roadj and who scouted the idea .of the gold being planted here. But what is he doing here? Seems as if he was after the gold, eh ?" But Heywood stopped me. " Hurry, and get some water from the creek," cried lie, ex citedly. " Fetch it in your hat, or anything ; but for heaven's sake be quick." I soon returned with the water, and on its being applied to the man he somewhat re cover'ed. Who are you?" he feebly enquired. ' What brings you here ?" " We are friends who are willing to help you. Don't yon remember meeting us on the road ? I am the manager of the station," replied my friend. I kept in the background out of the sight of my "first client." " Who are you ?" he again asked. " My name is James Heywood, if that is what you want to know." " Yes, yes; I know, for that is the name you put on the note you gave me. But I want to know where you originally came from. Were you born out here?" he gasped quickly. "I came from England, from the same town as you said you came from," replied Heywood, whom I could (with my hand on his shoulder) feel trembling, waiting for what was to follow. " I lived in that town, and had a son who would he about your age now. Ob, God! can this be true ?" he cried. " Am I at length permitted to see my son once more, my son ' whom I disgraced by my love of gold. You are my boy. I felt it when I saw your name ! signed to the note; and you were so excited when I mentioned the town of Melton. Come, ray son, and say you forgive. Perhaps ! for the first and last time, say you forgive me; for I think this accident will prove fatal. I am much hurt, and likely to be done with this world- a world that has not dealt kindly with me. Say just once that you pardon me." pleaded the man. "I do forgive you, father," sobbed the young man. "1 do forgive you, and I am sure my mother and sister will do so also. We thought you were dead." And the poor fellow utterly broke down. "Ah! where are my wife and daughter? What! on this station? Oh, heaven! how thaokful shall I be to see them once again. But 1 am getting faint. I pray to God that I might live just a little longer now that I have found my loved ones—live to make repara tion to them." He appeared to be getting faint, but a draught or water revived him a bit. "Listen to me, my son, he went on. My object here is in search of the gold. I ob tained the secret from the bushranger's mate in prison. Don't start. It was only my in tention to obtain the reward, with which I was going to have, in order to take me home to England to have one look at my family. There is now no need to do so, but I must tell you more quickly. The motives I was actuated by in asserting at the Travellers' Rest that tne gold was not hidden here was to disarm suspicion, for I had heard that the people about here had become so firmly con vinced of its existence that they were, suspicious of every stranger, and my appear ance in the neighbourhood might be put down to being in search of the * billy-can,' so I resorted to that ruse. I waited until the night had pretty well advanced, and then made my way here, and according to my in structions came prepared for shifting a large rock that covered the hiding place. The plant was in the side of the cave, just there," in dicating the place with his finger, " but I Srized tbe rock too far, and just then the intern went out, and in stooping to recover it the rock fell on me. The gold is in the opening where the rock fell from. I could just see it; perhaps the sight of it caused me to loEe my senses and shift the rock off its balance. But I am getting weaker, and" He said no more, but fell into unconscious ness again. I thought that lie was dead, but my friend could feel his pulse beating. " Quick," lie cried, " iet us return for the doctor. But wait; you stay here—I will go," and bounding through the mouth of the cave he was gone. Left alone by myself I took np the lantern and examined the place where the rock had fallen from. Beaching my arm into the open ing I felt a metal object, and drawing it out I found it to be the veritable "Billycaa of Gold" which had caused all the excitement in the neighbourhood. The vessel was full of nuggets, and it took all my strength to lift it down, but no sooner had 1 raised it than the bottom fell out, being completely rusted away. The valuable nuggets fell to the floor and were scattered everywhere about, and wherever I put my foot down it was on the top of a lump of gold. It was something novel to ine to be kicking such precious metal about, and I think I rather liked the sensa tion. To gather the nuggets up was a work of some time, and before I had got half through I heard Heywood and my uncle (who was used to be called from bed at all hours, and long practice had reduced quick dressing to i science with him) approaching. Going 'to the mouth of the cave I found that the morning was breaking—Christmas morning— and a memorable Christmas it had proved. My uncle, for an old gentleman, showed con siderable agility in keeping up to young Hey wood, for I saw them both coming along at a rapid pace. Hey wood's first words were an enquiry if his new-found father had shown any signs of returning consciousness: but the doctor at once proceeded, as well as he was able in the dim light, to examine the extent of the man's injuries, and he was eagerly watched by both Heywood and myself. After a Bhort examination, he 1 said— ! " We must have him removed to the station at once. It is impossible at present to form a correct estimate of the man's injuries, but should he have received any internal hurt it is not very likely that he will recover. But you two young fellows hurry to the station, and bring a stretcher back with yon." We both sped to the homestead and lost no time in obtaining a stretcher, without dis turbing any one about the place. On our return we were forced to go a little slower. " I know I ought to feel glad," said Hey wood, "for recovering a father whom I had thought dead. But what if I have only found him to lose him again so soon ? Your uncle, the doctor, knows what relation his patient stands to me; but I want it kept my mother's sake, the reason of which I will explain. If the doctor after he has made his examination says that there is hope, then she will know that the prison authorities made a mistake, and that my father still lives. But, on the other hand, if there is no chance of his recovery I want it to be kept secret, for my poor mother has suffered enough alieady without the wound being opened afreBh. God forbid that he should die just as we have found him, for if he should live I would endeavour to lighten the load of sorrow he has placed upon his and all our liveB." Tears were in his honest eyes as he spoke, and his voice faltered with emotion. Poor fellow 1 He had been brought face to face with his father, whom he had never expected to meet thiB side of the grave under sad cir cumstances. Though he had sinned greatly, and brought disgrace upon their name, he had long since been forgiven by his wife and chil dren. I could not trust myself to speak to Heywood, for I was afraid of betraying my weakness. It was quite light when we had reached the cave, and the doctor, who was anxiously awaiting us, was by the side of the still un conscious man. With great tenderness we placed him on the stretcher, and carefully proceeded with our burden to the homestead, leaving behind us, scattered about the cave, the gold which had been so long and eagerly sought for, but now not considered worth waiting to gather. But, of course, it was of the utmost importance that we should have the sufferer properly cared for as soon as pos sible. When we reached the homestead, the unconscious man was placed upon his son's bed, and the doctor, who always carried everything with him, set to work at once. My ideas were more sordid, and I broached the subject of the treasure left in the cave, but Heywood refused to leave his father, and, consequently, I proceeded by myself, fetching back a bag with me in which to put the gold. It did not take very long to secure the nuggets, and on my return I was met by Heywood, who informed me that the doctor had ascertained that the accident was not as serious as at first expected, and he was confi dent that his father would soon recover, though, probably, he would be a cripple for the remainder of his life. The n \- news had to be broken to his mother, and this the doctor had decided on doing himself, for it was a matter that required great delicacy and tact. We were shortly afterwards invited into breakfast by the young ladies, who were all snarkling and gay, and were almost teasing the life out of the poor unfortunate reverend gentleman who was placed at their tender mercies. Heywood kept silent, for thev were quite unaware of the drama that had been enacted so close to them, and they received one or_ two reproving frowns from him for their hilarity. As for myself, I maintained a rigid exterior, overwhelmed with the weight of the secret I was holding. The doctor was as pleasant as ever, and kept a running con versation, chaffing the reverend gentleman and paying compliments to the yonng ladies ; but once or twice I caught him looking anxiously in the direction of Mrs. Heywood, andl guessed what was passing in his mind. Whilst the young ladies went off to dtess for Church—for we were to drive into Booligaliah to our young clerical friend's place of begged conversation witb the lady. There is no need to describe the particulars of that interview, but sufficient to say the doctor got through his task successfully, breaking the news in a delicate manner. The lady bore the shock bravely, but when she learned that her husband was beneath the same root as herself she could not be con trolled, but implored to he instantly led to his side. No vulgar eyes witnessed the re union between the husband and wife, for it was too sacred to be seen. The doctor then hastened to inform the daughter, and soon the husband, mother, son, and daughter were united after many years. Mrs. Heywood, m her calm manner, bade us participate in our Christinas fun, as if , nothing had happened, and she alone would remain at home Dy the side of her husband. If the early part of my first Christmas in Australia was marred by anv sad feelings, it was soon more than repaid by the hearty manner iti which we entered into enjoyment on the remainder of the day. After we re turned from Church we had an immense picnic at the foot of the Mount, in which croquet, cricket, &c.;, uas indulged in, des pite the fact that the sun was over 10T in the shade, which means something pretty waiin to a new chum. There were numbers of other picnickers about the Mount, who spent their time between feasting and hunt ing for that "billycan of gold." It is need lees to say that they never found it, though old Soleleather, who was the most enthu siastic searcher, found a nugget of goll in the cave, which had been overlooked by me' when gathering them np. This caused great excitement through the ranks of the pic nickers, who -envied Soleleatber in his good fortune, and only addfd as an incentive to the other searchers. But no other was found, much to the discomfort of these in dividuals. But it is needlesB to prolong the.story. The good people of Booligallan were sur prised to learn, through the medium of the newspapers, "that the billycan of gold"" which had been robbed from a gold escort by the notorious Starlight and his gang, had been discovered by Mr. James Heywood,. Manager of Mount Aropiles Station, hidden in the cave at the foot of the mountain, and that he had been awarded by the Govern ment the reward of £1,000 offered for its recovery. Many Christmases have come and gone since then, but before another one had passed after the incidents just recorded there was a triple wedding at Booligallah, when James Heywood, jun., led my sister to the altar, and 1 my cousin Dora, whilst the Rev. Mr. Leslie followed our example with Miss Heywood,. And we are all happy now for life. But the greatest pleasure of the elder Mr. Heywood, or my "first client," as I still call him. is to relate the story of The BilEycan of Gold. 