SYDNEY NOTES'. [By tiii: ' Vagabond.'] I EXIT l'ARKEB. The Christmas holidays lmvo couic and gone, and iu a fow days our Premier will be gone also. But the feeling of indiges- j tion will bo left. President Parties has not agreed with somo of us any more than tho plum pudding, the fetish to which we yearly sacrifice our livers. He goes away with a flourish of trumpets, after being banquettcd and ovatcd. But he bas not taken with him that purse of sovereigns. £3000 was to he raised by public sub scriptions, but unfortunately, tbc money 'did not come iu quick enough. I am told that only £600 was raised in the city of Sydney, and tbero was little chance of a larger sum being obtained from the country districts. It is said that one in dividual offered to subscribe £500 if the j Committee would accept the Premier's dishonored bills to that amount. So Parkes wroto a fooling letter declining to accept any monetary testimonial. Then Mr. M'Culloch, lawyer and M.L.A., one of tho poodle dogs of the Ministry, brought in a motion that £5000 should be voted to defray tho Premier's expenses on his home trip. When it is remembered that the Victorian Embassy, consisting of Messrs. Berry, Pearson, and Haydon only cost £5000, I suppose it was considered too much, for the motion was withdrawn, and another that £3000 should be erranted was substituted. Piesident Parkes at first stated that be was going away merely for his health, but afterwards announced that he should look after tbe interests of the colony by endeavoring to persuade the American Government to abolish the im port dutieson wool, &c.;, and by investigating the working of the Immigration Depart ment in London. As during his trip he still enjoys his salary of £2000 a year, the latter is about the very least lie could do, but the American scheme is absurd and uo one knows it as well as Parkes himself. But he wishes to humbug tbe world with the idea that he had a sort of diplomatic i mission, and it would give a motive for the vote of £3000. So he wrote to all the other Colonial Governments asking them to endow him with powers to treat with the United States on their behalf for the reduction of the wool tariff. Parkes, as the ambassador of the whole of Aus tralia, would boa big man indeed. I don't know what the other colonics have done, but Victoria, which claims to be tbe pre mier, crushed the project as far as she was concerned. Victorians do not believe in the persuasive powers of Parkes, they know that what be might say would have no effect in Washington, where he will only be laughed at for his misuse of the letter H., and they refused to countenance the humbug of another embassy. When the motion for the £3000 vote was made Parkes let tho mover make a lot of ful some remarks and then suddenly jumped up and declined to receive any money even if it should bo voted. Why allow the motion to be brought forward ? The Sydney Mail last week gives its readers the ' tip By-the-byc, our weekly journals aro improving, the Mail iu its Christmas number has a splendid story, by my friend Ernest Favcuc, although it is not equal to the Town and Country of that date, and neither journals cau ever be equal to tho Australasian. But both tho Mail and the Echo arc full of smartly written paragraphs, and in one of these tbc eluci dation of Parkes' conduct is written. HISTORICAL 1'AllALLELS. Shakespeare wroto for all time. Turn to Act I. Scodo II of 'Julius Cassar.' The crown was offered three times. 'It was mere fooling.' ' Ho put it by thrice.' But, to all that to my thinking he would fain have hud it. ' lie was very loth to lay his fingers off it.' ' Those that understood him smiled at one another and shook their heads.' As it was with Cajsar, so it was with Parkes, cxcept that the latter never had his hands on it. But be saw that there was such sirong opposition, that even if it was carried on a division the victory, consider ing the starring tour which he proposes to himself, would have been as bad as a defeat. Sir Patrick Jennings bad moved tho adjournment of the House, and asked for an explanation from tbe Pre mier, as to what he proposed to do in his self-constituted mission, ridiculing the idea of a Wool Treaty with America. This was the key-note to the opposition to the vote and Parkes was furious. His low nature broke out then. He con tinually interrupted Sir Patrick in the mo3t abusive manner, taunted the loyal Irish gentleman with being a Fenian, and was called to order by the Speaker as being ' most disorderly.' Sir Patrick is a distinguished colonist, a man of culture and refinement, of whom we are all proud. He is renowned forliis pronounccd loyalty, so the taunt fell harmless. That is the reasori Parkes missed the £3000, and 1 beg to point out to the influential country journal which last week devpted a libellous article to what it called my ' libels on the Premier,' that in. this case if I do not take my cue I follow the text of Messrs. John Fairfax and Sons. I give hard knocks myself and can stand a buffet, but as we have no guide -as to what course we should pursue after being smote on the oilier cheek, another such ? article aud a writ will-be issued. M.H, FOItSTIiU, I have heard a great deal about this gentleman, but I have never seen nor heard him. He is renowned as a master of cutting satire, and but that the Premier is a true pachyderm, he would squirm on the treasury bench at the stinging irony of the leader of the Opposition. And Mr. Forster cannot only speak, but ho can write well. At the Parliamentary banquet given to Parkes last week, the Premier made a speech full of bombastic insolence, and with the worst possible taste referred to the fact of Mr. Forster'e absence. Iu the 8. M. Herald of De cember 23, the leader of tho Opposition publishes a long letter in which, after chaffing Sir 'Euery ou the good taste, delicacy and generosity ' exhibited in his spccch,' lie explains ' any social inter course I was ever honored with by Sir Ilenry Patkcs dates years back to .a period wben it was severed in' conse quence of tho discovery ..that; our views ? upon .questions . of pecuniary . obligation were, unhappily, irreconcilable.' This is the most charming letter I have read for long time. . jddge aonniE. The Lord hath delivered the Chief Judicial Commissioner ot tho Western j Pacifio into my hands, t have been honored by the notice.of Sir Arthur Gor don ami admiral - Wilson with reference to my writing . on, the . subjeot ;of ' South Sea Massacres,' ' my pamphlet respect ing which was refused admission into Fiji. I am sure Admiral Wilson regret's having used tho language he did respect ing me, after my publicly stating that I never . charged the naval authorities with anv lack of encrcrv. or wit.li IinlifTVirnnnn in the fate of the white men murderod in the Pacific. I increly re echoed the com plaints I hare heard made by many naval officers of his powerlessness to act, arid quoted the reply given by tho Admiral to Mr. Cowlishaw, of Sydney, when that gen tleman lodged a complaint of -the burning a trading station and the massacre ot a white trader at Maroa. ' I can do nothing; evorything which relates to the islands is in the hands of the High Com missioner, bir Arthur Gordon.' Now Judge Gorrie comcs into the field in the form of a letter, a column long, sent to' the High Commissioner, by him to the Home Secretary, thance back to tho Governor, and then presented to Parlia ment. I shall deal with this in extenso in another place, but I wish to point out to you how foolish it is for public men to make assertions . -with, regard to facts. Judge Gorrio's abuse of myself I can for give ; it passes over lightly. Have I not struck him and his master, Sir Arthur, in the front of their purplo pride ? Can I not ' counter' ? But whero the judge states that when I lectured in Levuka ' the re spectable portion of the audience rose and left the hall, even the local journal, most hostile to the Government, shrank from reproducing a report of tho proceedings — he was shunned by most of them who had taken him by the hand when he first came,' ho writes a series of lies without a circumstance. He gives himself away completely. Fiji is near enough to obtain proof from thence. My reply is, that not j a soul left the hall, that I was cheered most enthusiastically, that I received the most flattering notices in the Press, that I was paid £5 for my manuscript notes which took up five columns of the Mji Times, that I boast the friendship of every ' white man' in Fiji, I think it will be seen that Judge Gorrie has made a mis take. -j. Perhaps be does not allow that the Rev. Jlr.Floyd and the Rev. Lorimer Fison are ' respectable.' I 'will prefer to leave my character in the hands of those gentleman than in those of Judge Gorrie. IN DURANCE VILE. This time last week I was iu a prison cell intending to spend my Christmas in I Darliughurst. I had been before Mr. Penfold, mulcted £2 0s. lOd. for an ' assault' on a cabman, the said assault consisting in just pushing liini outside the gate of my residence, because he was making a noise respecting the fare of a gentleman who had called to see [ me. The joke is, that to stop any dis turbance, it being Sunday and. my land lord religious, I paid the fare myself. At the Water Police Court I contended I had a right to expel the man when he was uoisy, but I hadn't a show. The Magistrate, aMr. Penfold, a tobacconist , (how I regret the money I spent iu his shopj, would not grant an adjournment to produce witnesses ; a Poiice Court lawyer, Coonau, prosecuted, and the result was that, burning with indigna tion, I refused to pay the fine, and was locked up for four hours, when I was lurried out, the fine having been paid by a Fijian friend, a true man. As far as Sydney society is concerned, I expect I might rot, in gaol before any one would bail me out. Fate brings strange changes; the last time I wasatthe police cell was in the endeavor (which proved succcssful), to obtain the release of the brother-in-law of a J.P. and M.L.A. He would have had three months but for me, aud I got little thauks from his friends aud relatives for what I did. justice's justice. I admit I was very much annoyed. ' Any great excitement will be fatal,' and I don't know if the prophecy of my late doctor in Japan was not nearly being realised. £2 Gs. lOd. for pushing a cabman. I'll take care and do more for the money next tirno. The follow ing day at the same police court a rough was charged with striking one of the competitors in a foot race so violently that he was rendered insensible, and had to be carried into the pavilion of the cricket ground. This assault was com mitted to stop the race in the interests of certain members of the betting ring. The fine imposed was exactly the same as that on me, £2 Cs. lOd. But then this rough had never criticised the pro ceedings of tho Licensing Magistrates as I have. I might take a revanche in describing the Bench and the police court attorney, Cooiian, but Lord, he is too small aud mean to notice. I only strike big people; foomen worthy of my steel. AMUSEMENTS. A kind of rus in urle' is perceptible cvorywliero. ? Wo aro all enjoying our selves. There is a liberal supply of cakes and ale. The latter Burrows and Glee son's or Pcridergast's and ginger (imported by John Chinaman) is hot i' the mouth. The theatres are all doing well; the managers' hearts rejoice, and tho ghost walks once more. ' The Black Flrig' at the Gaiety has run for three weeks and is as popular as ever. Miss Lily Dampicr has made a great sncccss as Ned, a waif and stray of London streets. ' The Green Leaves of England' which is said to be a mucn bettor piocc, will follow. But tho circus is the big show ; thousands throng there to watch Her Schumann witch them with noble horsemanship; to see tho tumbl ing; the youngGerman Adolphe, the finest model of a youth I have seen for many a long day- on the trapeze; Adele, most during,' graceful of child riders; Victoria Cooke, tbp priJe of Paris and London, and the lions crowning wonder of tho arona. . I shall miss those lions wonder fully. T get quite a sensation from watching, them. . Ill-natured people say I go every night so that I may be on hand to write the obituary notice of the daring young Gorman Edward Djorling. But that is not so, and I hope will bev.or be nocessary. But a circiis is a good moral show, which I love, and Wilson's is the bost I have ever seen! The beauty of the horses cannot be surpassed, and iu this country of good' riders, but bad horsemen, everyone may take a lesson from, the grace and elegance exhibited in the saddle by Mrs. Wilson and Herr Schumann. Sydney, Dec. 27. 