THEATRICAL GOSSIP. The American stage (says a London paper) is in imminent danger of losing two of its best known and most widely admired artists in the persons of Mr. and Mrs. W. J; Florence, who are equally popular in this country. The genial actor, in the course of many years j of travel throughout the world, has become i interested in the study of diplomacy, and is seriously contemplating retirement from the dramatic profession, and an entrance npon ' the held of diplomatic labour. It is known ' that the President is npt unfriendly to him, and what Mr. Florence, who has acquired an < independency, airiiB at is the position of Charge d'Anaires, or Ckmsui-Geaeral, in Switzerland, Denmark, or Sweden. AmpngtHeimprovemepts which have lately been effected at the, Lyceum may be . men tioned the following'" The general scheme of decoratioh adbpted in the entrance Hall, vestibule, and grand staircase's'. ib based chiefly on Eastern designs ondtmtkThe general tone of colour is rich red , khd gold, relieved by greenish blue, deep gold being used in the ornamentation of the former ana green gold in that of: the latter. ■ The designs for the fretwork aiid stencilling are > chiefly Arab.and Persian. The ggand staircase, now nearly 20 feet wide, opens between two mas sive gold candelabra, which stand upoh high plinthBof majolica. The Stairs ate CoVered with a magnificent velvet-pile Axniinstter carpet of ruby colour, with a wide border of amber and black. At the top of the stair case, where it enters the vestibule, , is a splendid silk. plush porliire, old gold colour, stamped with a broad band, and hanging in curiously rich folds; The balustrade which runs round the balcony in the vestibule is of malachite, wdth pillars of rich, gold, behind which rises a wall of greenery—graceful palms and foliage plants of all kinds. In the walls the deep semi circular niches are of gold, and on them rise graceful palms. The doors leading from the vestibule to the circle are of silk plush, to match the portiere of the grand stair, and studded with gold nails in an Eastern pat ton!. The vestibule is lighted by. specially designed Moorish candelabra, gasaliers, and swinging oil lanterns, all of which have ruby glasses, while the passages and stairs are lighted by these swinging lamps, in addition to the usual gas appliances. The general effect, it.is needless to say, is rich in a genial warmth of splendour, correct in its art aspects, and pleasant to contemplate. Drurv-lane had a magnificent bill of fare in " Robinson Crusoe." Mr. E. L. Blanchard, as usual, supplied the " opening," and whilst the familiar adventures of Robinson Crusoe were illustrated with all the customary am plitude, room was made for incidents m his career not hitherto made known. Besides an elaborate panorama of the Thames, about fourteen scenes showed the progress of Crusoe through a series of extraordinary risks by land and sea. till he is received with due honours, on his return from the. desolate island, by a grand civic procession, repre senting the City Companies, manifesting the distinguished characteristics of all the London trades. Scenery of the most picturesque description was painted by other dis tinguished artists, specially engaged.; •At Cpvenf Garden the: pantomime was entitled " Little Bo Peep, Little :Boy . Blue, and the Little Old. Woman that Lived In. a Shoe,''the three nursery Stories beingblended together by Mr.- 'William - Younger who, besides beingthe author of the work; is i manager, audi is . likewise his own stage inaaager., Thescenery, decorations, and cos tumes were in some Respects superior even to tHfe best 'ofrtibdetn pantomimetherepertory of- the musicffiallB wab rejected in' favour of music of a: higher class, and the children's scenes were capital. The Village of Content wee said t^ be one of the! most admirably arranged things of the .sort that the metro politan stage has seen.'" The farm was stocked with real- geese,' teal cocks and hens, ducks, and so forth; the child farm labourers, in the; most business-like manner, set about the work of the day*. while real carta drawn by jvepl donkeya anu. .varrying real hay, marched across the .stage, .A. series of .choruses for1 bhild peasants,.soldiers, sailors, blacksmiths, huntsmen, 'and swells wOre admirably sung by the-children.' rSpeciaTpraiseis!accordedi | tneiGirardfamily, to -Misses'Gbu-a Thompson | APd.N^Glatemont.jwho-played little Boy" Blue mid his sweetheart, BoPeep.,. , Edwin Booth's. company left New York recently;for ,Waterhury', \yith' the;intention of playing "Ritfoelieu in the evening, but lost their ^baggage,1 Comprising their wardrobe andproperties;ion tht way; WhWwas to be done?:At7.3Q the theatreLwaacrowded.' Punctually to time the curtain was raised,; disclosing to .the astonished Audience Mr. Boothand the' entire company, in their ordi- j nary travelling dress;' Mr. Booth appealed, j to the Audience apologetiodlly, stated" briefly the situation, iaiid offered, instead'of-*' Riche lieu," to cet through.the first .three acts of; " Hamlet , if they, would overlook the1 "trifling" inaccuracies df costume., The ] applause with'which this* little* speech was received testified to the good-temper of the audience, and its ft few minutes the play , began. . Horatio -appeared .in- thefirst-soene ip ;au monkey jachet jand round felt hat' while Hamlet, in a cutaway ©oat, apostro phising his father's-ghost, who was clad in: light'tweed:trousers:and stand- up. collar,, with a bold^ - face, was. something to remember. Miss' Bella Pateman, as Ophelia, appeared in a dark-brown travel ling dress, embellished at the last moment with1 a cloud of white lace purchased in a neighbouring store} Laertes wore a blue pilot suit, and looked like the captain of a rive^ steamer; while Polonius looked eminently clerical in a black frock coat, and, for lack en the necessary requisites, appeared without his traditional beard.' There was no possi bility of " making up" for the parts, and the King of Denmark, with a dark moustache, , and clad in a forty-dollar sporting suit, looked,] like Bob Sackett, more on the spree than ever. The evening's entertainment con cluded with "The Quiet Family," in which the Royal Court of Denmark again appeared under other names, but in the same costumes. From the applause with which the entertain1 ment was received it was evident that the audience did not share the distress of thfe actors placed so unexpectedly in a position both embarrassing and novel; Very few com paratively asked for the return of their money, and the company left the town richet by a thousand dollars, netted by a perfor mance which, for originality, has perhaps not been equalled in this generation. j The following good story is told of Emmett; the comedian, who was here some years ago 5 —"Mr. Emniett, being interviewed, was asked to how large an audience he had ever performed. ' Well, 1 don't know,' he replied. ' There were nearly 1,500 persons ia the Grand Opera House mat evening. Of course, as it was a first night, some of it was paper. But my share of trie receipts was more than $800—that is sixty per cent, of thd gross receipts at the box- office. I think I played to over 2,000 people in London oncei The smallest audience I ever had was in Columbus, Ohio. The Manager had been trying to introduce mMbiies, but with not much success. Joe Jefferson, Denman Thompson, and some of the big stars had fone through the. mill, and the audiences had een so 6mall that they 'had shied, aud re fused to take the gate. The money had been returned at the box-office, and the disap pointed ticket1 buyers ha-i departed, deter mined never: again to' patronise a matiMe in Columbus. The afternoon business was at its lowest ebb when I struck the town. After two or three performances the. posters an nounced a matvnie. I wept to the Theatre at two o'clock that afternoon and found my company Skylarking behind the curtain, in their every-day shits. • I looked out in the auditorium. There- was just one man in the Theatre. He sat clear hack in the parquet: It was as much as I could do to outline him in the darkness. I went out to the box-office: ' Did that man pay for his ticket V I asked. 'Yes, fifty cents,' the Treasurer replied. ' The Manager tola me to return his money and close the Theatre.' 'No, you won't,' I said. ' I have never disappointed an. au dience when I'm sober, and I don't propose to do so now. We'll play for hiin. I went into the parquet, introaubed myself to the man, andfthanked him for his attendance. I told him that, as he had thought enough of me to come and see me, and pay fifty cents for the privilege, he should have as g6od'a performance ias though the house was packed.. I then, went behind the curtain and requested the company to dress: 'Great Caesar, Joe.' said one of them,.'you ain'i VTiCatl VidKUjUWe OtblU UUC U1 vutui) . jyu in't a-going to play to that one man, aire y6u?' 'Yes, I am, I replied. 'He paid his money, and he shall nave his money's worth." 'Oh, the devil,' broke in another member of the company. _ ' I'll payhis fifty ila. them that cents, and you let him go.' Itoli the performance must go on as usual, and I warned each one that any attempt to guy the audience, or any failure to play a part iu full would be the signal for a discharge. Welly the orchestra played an overture and the curtain arose," Fritz continued. " I walked down to the footlights. I invited the au dience to come forward and take a front seat J where he could see and be seen. He thanked me and settled in the front row. I suggested that a little generous applause thrown in,: where he thought the actors deserved it, would serve to inspirit them and warm them to tbeir work. He seemed to appreciate the situation and agreed to give us all the encou ragement that He thought we deserved. The performance began. I don't think I ever played ■ better. I threw myself heart and soul into the character, and sang the ' Lul laby' so tenderly that the eptire audience was in tears. He called for an encore. I told him that we rarely gave an encore, but as this was an extraordinary occasion he should have one. He applauded liberally at times where no applause was deserved, and again failed to applaud when, applause was. deserved. At such times I called his attention to. the omission, and ,asked whether on reflection he did hot really think that he had made a mistake. A bint was/sufficient. He would clap his hands & though perfectly enchanted and shouted; ' Bravo 1 like an Italian oyer Salvini. The company paid no attention to him, but went on with tne performance as regular as clock work. Between , the acts, however, one or two of them evinced a disposition to'go out into tiie auditorium and mingle with the audience. . I set my. face against it and they refrained. At the close of the second act the Manager entered the Theatre. He had been oat for a wa *3lHe seemed dumbfounded at seeing tbe house brilliantly lighted, and the orchestra playing soberly to one man. But he was more astonished when the curtain arose and the performance was resumed with as much unconcern as though there were a thousand dollars in the house. But he had an eye to business. He sent word to the newspaper reporters, and half-a-dozen of them arrived in time for the last act. No actor ever received better newspaper criti cism. Some of them were over a column long. It turned out that the audience was the owner of a copper mine in Michigan, and very wealthy. On the following night he gave the whole company a banquet at a lead ing hotel; He entertained Us as handsomely as we had entertained him, and we parted with mutual regrets. Justa year afterwards I~ announced- another, matinde at Columbus. It was well advertised, and the house was packed tosuffocation. I took in over $1,200. My sense of dutV tothatpneman, who had -invested the'Small Bum-of half a dollar, had returned me a golden harvest." -■ ■ ■ Our London Gorrespondentwrites:— The ;*pturnf!of. Mr; and. Mrs. (Bancroft to their own theatre has beenmgnaliged by the revival, after ah. interval of something like twenty years, of the late Tom/Taylor's romantic drama1 balled *' Plot and Passion," •aipiece founded' upon the notoriously unscrupulous machinations of. Fouch4, the first jNapqleon's i Minister, of- Police., The adoption of this play, admissahle as it is of its klndi by the Bancroft company, is a virtual acknowledgment that the predictions of " croakers" have proved only too true, and | that the heat conversational comedies which drew fashionable audiences night after night to Tottenham1 Cou^trgad ;haye ,not been successfully^acplimatized pri the boards of the hew Haymarket. "Plot and Passion" was originally fomoosih connection 'with the ] superb. acting ef - Robsoh, who elevated the rdie -of Desmarets, the dwarfish Secretary of . Foudtri, ; into: a great tragic part. This perfidious little buffoon is supposed to be in ' love with Marie de Fontanges, a beautiful young widow, whose .propensity to gamble has reduced her to the condition of a police spy and abject tool of her paymaster. Fouch^, who compels her to lay ab infamous trap for the true lover of the piece, which results in her forming an honest attachment to that personage, and undergoing terrible pangs of conscience before the amorous Desmarets unwittingly supplies her with the means of at once securing the young man's safety and dis gracing the Minister of Police. The Bancroft company is not used to playing pieces_ of so robust a character as this, and the acting on the whole is therefore less natural than it would be say at the Princess's or Adelphi ; hut L never having seen Bohson in "Plot and Passion." take leave to consider Mr. Arthur Cecil's performance of the character of Desmarets a fine piece of tragi-comedy. Mrs. Bancroft does not take part just now in the large piece at herown theatre, but has adopted tne leading role of a very amusing one-act comedy called " A Lesson, by Mr. Burnand, wherein the passion of fashionable ladies for amateur theatricals is good-naturedly satirized. A certain young and pretty Lady Duncan iB ambitious of playing conspicuous parts in some1 charity performance, chiefly, as the sequel shows, for the sake of closer associa tion with Mr. Wentworth( a handsome society man. who is to sustain the most in teresting male characters. She has secured the services as ■' coach" of Miss Kate Reeve (Mrs. Bancroft), of the Theatre Royal, whom she has seen play "The Invisible Prince," &c.;, with high perfection, and so easily that she doubts not the secret -of such success can he readily communicated. ;Slie has an idea that actresses should be received and treated during a visit quite differently from people in general, and byway of making Miss Kate Reeve feel quite at home during i the first, lesson .- has ordered champagne { to.be uncorked in readiness, and has pro-' vided a dainty box of cigarettes. She is fairly nonplussed when tlie- com&dienne; quietly declines bdth luxuries, hut adds that she does not mind the smell in a room if; Lady Duncan is used to smoke about that-time of day.- Then the- lesson in burlesque and comedy acting proceeds, with some side hits at the complacent stupidity of amateurs, and a few well-pointed jokes at the expense of professional mannerisms. The shrewd mistress of the mimic art gathers, by the-way, that Lady Duncan has an admirer for, as wellas to, ;whonr she proposes to act,. who: is. not kSir- William! while, the pupil's sympathy^is excised .by learning that her teacher is privately niamed to a poor man of fashion; whose name'must > for the present remain-a secret.1 Thus'mutual confidence go side by side;, and the scholar is all dopility and the mistress all pains taking energy,..when to the agreeable duet comes suddenly .Mr. Wentworth, to he confronted with his suppressed wife in the person of Mifes Kate Reeve: whose cynical amusement at the discovery of a married coquette in her pupil is. now changed -into the neiy indignation of a jealous wife. Lastly.. Sir William Duncan, an elderly Scotch banker, returns from the City, ana, thanks to Miss Reeve's complete presence of mind, finds his prejudices against plays and -actresses ebbing away in the presence of so " superior a person" just as the three others part thoroughly disenchanted with their Bcheme. Time and space forbid more than brief mention of an incident which has excited great'interest in fashionable no less than in artistic circles, namely, the entrance of a lady who, for some naif-dozen years, has been ad mired and criticised as a society beauty, into the ranks of professional dramatic life. A performance of Goldsmith's comedy, " She Stoops to Conquer," was given yesterday afternoon at the Haymarket Theatre, for the benefit of a charity; hut the real object of the undertaking was to afford " The Jersey Lily" an opportunity of testing her histrionic powers, not among amateurs, hut side by side with bona-fide actors of first-class ability and position. " All the town," as the phrase goes, was there to Bee, including the Prince and Princess of Wales with a full suite. The part chosen was not an easy one, being that of Miss Hardcastle, who has to steer very cleverly be weentamenessand vulgarity, yetthe debutante bravely held her own, and both in those genuine comedy scenes where the daughter of the house assumes the manners .of a rustic barmaid to allure her bashful lover- and in those more germane to the habits of .a lady of modern society gave abundant■ evidencc of. her power to' identify herself with, and/ lose herself in, the character to .be sustained, .which , is the first secret of success. Her coBtuinea were _ admirably chosen, neither adhering too rigidly to the old-fashioned directions nor affecting a purist's choice of colour find blending quite out of keeping with .the time of action. The audience -was most enthusiastic throughout the perfor mance; and one cannot But regard it as-a cheering - sign to, see a laay who thus; courageously sets about earning a living1 supported m this way by those who have known her' as an ornament of circles having little in. common with the hard facts of existence in this crowded country. { 