PARLIAMENTARY REPRESENTATION FOR THE NORTHERN TERRITORY. TO THE EDITOK. air— J? rom a copy of W. J. Sowden's book, The Northern ^Territory as it is,' on the fly-leaf of which is written :' To — -, with the compliments of the Minister of Educa tion and the JNoithern Territory, South Aus tralia,' which incription should guarantee authenticity, I make the following extract from the speech of the Hon. J. L. Parsons at the European banquet at Palmerston :~'With regard to the question of Parliamention representation for the Territory, provisary would be made in the new Electoral Bill for that representation, and it should be given them without being tacked on to another district with which . they could have no identical interest.' (Cheers.) Said Mr. Bagster on the same occasion — ' Local repre sentation for the Territory he was strongly in favour of.' (Chee1's.) Said 8dr. Bright at the Chinese banquet at Palmerston— 'If a proposition were made for representation of the Territory he would not oppose it.' Mr. Furner fol lowed, saying, 'As to the influence it (his visit) would have upou his Parlia mentary action, he would be most happy to do simple justice to Jihe Northern Territory in the matter of local representation. The interests of this portion of the colony were too greattoallow of its being simply tacked on to another district, and he thought it should have independent representation.' (Cheers.) Believing these utterances of real live legis lators, having had, alas! no experience of the wiles of persons of that ilk, the people of the Northern Territory went 39 far as to secure a candidate to their liking, but in vain, for the Government Bill is totally at variance with the promises made and the hopes held out to them. The emphatic utterances of the four members whose words I have quoted, that they could notendure the idea of 'tacking on to another district' so important a place aa the Territory, though post-prandial, must have been the reverse of in vino veritas deliverances, for the Territory is left where it was, tacked on to the District of Flinders, and with as much chance of in fluencing an election asit has of making pro cress nnder the misgoveinment it endures. Mr. Furner's idea of ' simple justice,' seeing his support of the Electoral BUl.thenis,' Oh, certainly, yes. you shall have polling-places; they are provided for in the Bill; bat as fora tnembei^— hem.' Sing hay to yon, Good-day to you.— tide Bunthorne. otherwise — 'Don't vou wish yon. may get him f ' Now, Sir, what is sport to the Legis lature of South Atntralia is death to the prospects-of- the-Norihern Territory.- The provisions of the Bill do rot give the electors of the Territory the ghost of a chance of returning their man. At present they can poll -about twoscore votes, but if they could get the franchise further extended suf ficientTy to influence an election for the Flin ders District they wcild still have to deny themselves the pleasure of seeing their can didate, &c.; Now that they are to be taxed more heavily than any other people on the face of the earth (pnbatum, at), is it not more than ever necessary' that they should be represented if they are to have the simple justice' that * Mr. Furaer was eloquent about when face to face with them ? Mr. Parsons desires to be considered a smart man.' 'Let him strive honestly' to keep his promises ; it will be more to his credit to be considered, truthful. Giving heed ? to hia engagements in the Territory, let him unite with Messrs. Bright, Bagster. and Furner in a strenuous effort to obtain justice for the people who so heartily entertained them. Why, Sir, if this quartet of members who have visited the Territory were to set their shoulders together and stand firm to their pledges they could secure us the benefits they spoke so glibly of. They could plead that their honour was engaged. They could read their speeches to the people and say Gentlemen, we said it ; we must do it ; our words must not return unto us void. We promised independent representation ; we are in honour bound to grant it.' If, Sir, these gentlemen will take up this position we 8hallget representation ; but, if not, than next to the Father of lies will be ranked Par liamentary visitors by Yours, &c;, ? DISGUSTED TERRITORIAL 