TURF TOPICS AND ANTICIPATIONS. EVAsmodebs. Tho note of preparation significant, of the advent of anotbor racing season, anil whose warning cry -was first heard at distant Hawkeshury, thchco- dircctcd to Kandwick, has at last been rcvorhora- ted across tho Murray, and to-day the Victoria Amateur Tnrf Clnb will undortake theresponsi. bility of opening what may be fairly designa ted the logitimato Victorian campaign of J882-83. Past experience of Caulfield and its popular associations portend that the flourish ing ."Amateurs", will rise becomingly to tho importance of tho occasion, and there is little donbt but that this afternoon's pro ceedings will bo conducted with characteristic tchlt. TheAmatcur Club is fast rising to a posi tion of prominence, nay, aflluouce, and as the re union now on the tapis takes precedence ns tho premier effort of Mr. N. It. D. Bond and his enter prising coadjutors, tho disposal of tho two days' .programmo is fraught with moro than ordinary concern. No pains have been spared to cater liberally for the tastes of both horse owners and the raec.going public at large, and as a matter of fact tho oxccutive of tho V.A.T.O. can rest sa tisfied that their efforts to popularise the national sport at Caulfield will bo as warmly supported as heretofore. Tho one ossontial requisite to ensure a crowning triumph is tbo favorablo countcnanco .of tho weather clerk, whose clemency on the im pending occasion is to bo devoutly bescechod. From a racing point of view tho bill of faro is resplendent in its richness and choice of subjects, and nono but tho most insatiable of turf gour mands dare complain of Iho quality, quan tity or variety of the numerous items which decorato the programme. But if tho forthcoming gathering of the clans on Caulfiold hoath possesses ono salient feature moro prominent than another, it is this, namely, tho influonco which will bo brought to bear on the annual carnival to follow in its immediate wake on the banks of tbo Salt water Itiver, at Flemington. The result of tho Great Foal Stakes, Caulfield Guineas and Cup will exerciso most weight in this direction ; neither will tho several handicaps and minor events contained in tho programme bo without their separate influence. Having said so much by way of prelude it now behoves me to attempt to make a forecast of to day's racing, which is to bo introduced by the Selling Itaco of four fulongs. Without offering any unnecessary pros and cons as to the why or tho wherefore, I am of opinion that tbeissuo is already reduced to a match between Kanaka and the best of Mr. Haines's pair, cithorTho Ghost or Breeze, who ran second to Doiusion last Saturday. Possibly Mr. Haines may not care to risk parting ownership with his horses, in which caso I shall go for KANAKA, who is a very slippery customer for half-a-mile when in tho humor, albeit ho may experience some dilfioulty in Blinking off King'B Head. From a numerous field which may be ex pected to disputo tho premiership of the first Handicap Hurdlo Racp 1 ontcrtain most rcspoct for Rhesus, Sportsman, P, G. and Blue Bell, but as other attractions loom in tho. distanco, in tho form of a second Handicap Hurdlo Race on tho concluding day of tho meet ing, it is no easy matter to select from those horses who will bo placed "on tho job," and others whoso ownera are content' to pationtly abide the issuo of future events. Striking a lino through Gambler, however, who scored a win lost Saturday at Flomington, I shall prefor to nail my colors to BLUEBELL, who is bound to prove her worth over tho small stioks sooner or later. Rhesus, and P. G. aro likely to prove the little mare's most dangerous opponents. The absence of Duenna and Delusion is a for. tunato circumstanoe for tho3o two-year-olds who intend to have a cut in for tho honors of tbo Great Foal Stakes, and as tho list contains nuraorous candidates who havo yet to maketheirdrfftdt I can scarcely hope to bo fortunate enough to repeat my Doiusion coup .of Saturday last. Nevertheless, I feel persuaded that KING OF THE FOREST will render a crodltable account of himself, and next to him I profcr tho chances of Bis-Bis, Quality and St. Lawronco in tho order indicated. Wo now arrive at tho ovent par excellence of this afternoon's racing, to Wit the Caulfiold Guineas, for which I append a list of tho ! PROBABLE STARTERS AND JOCKEYS Horse and Colors. Wght Jockey. Frying-pan (black, white band, black st. lb. " cap)'.. . '8 5' Power' Ironmaster (black, gold seams) 8 6 Cracknel! Guesswork (tartan, yellow eleeveB -SB . and cap) Rawllngs . Mistaken (white) 8 B llooro Transferred (scarlet, bluccap) .: 8 S Williams Calms (black, white sleeves, scarlet \- cap) 8- fi O'Brien Granvlllo (blue, white cap) ........ 8 6 Hoywood : Alde-dc-Camp (black, red sasb aud \- can) - 8 fi Ycomans Boolka (crimson, crimson and.wliitc ' cap) v.'. ...I. ...... 8 6 Carrol Hecla (blue, white sleeves, blue cap): 8 0 Murphy Norfolk (black, mauve alcoves, black cap) ..... 8 fi Boyd Fryingpan is without doubt ono of tho mo3t im proved colts of tho year, both in appearance and stylo of galloping. Although still on tho small side, ha has thickoncd wonderfully and is cast in a very powerful mould, compact and' symme trical. Liko tho majority of tho Bethnal Greens, lie is possessed of un undcniablo turn of speed, but it yet remains to be provod whothcr or not ' ho : is a stayer. Although his two-year-old per formances certainly favor a contrary bcliof his idaily doings at Flemington, where ho has -quite captivated tho entire army of touts, . pro fessional and amateur, havo beon of a most re assuring character, and ho has repeatedly covered tho Derby distanco in such excellent -time and form as to suggest a thorough mastery over tho Guineas course. It is to these circumstances, rather than any manifest superiority as a two- year-old, ; that Fryingpan owes tho prominent position which his namo occupies in the hotting. Whilo fully impressed with iho conviction that Fryingpan is capable of siloncing tho claims of tho Flomington trained candidates, which in- olado Ironmaster, Hokart and Omelette, I cannot help thinking that'ho will lie asked a morosoVcro question in his attempt to rovcrso his two-ycar- old running with Guesswork, who proved, his suporior last season both in public and private. The last named by bis sensational timo perform ance in tho Sonth Australian Derby indicates that he too has made considorablo improvomcnt in his thrcc-year-old preparation. He has, however, on moro than one-occasion shown a disinclination > to persevere wkenover thcro has been anything approaching a fiold of horses, and as he is, more over, posscssod of a will of his own, it is quito possible that ho may again turn turtlo if ham pered by a big fiold and a hot pace. For theso reasons I am disposed to countenance moro favor ably tbo chances of Hecla, whoso spring por- formanccB in tbo sistor colony have been of a brilliant, as well as consistent character. It was not until after winning two races at Hawkosbury and. two at Randwick, tbat sho bad to striko ber colors before Navigator in tho Mares' Produce Stakes, and for this defeat there was amplo ox- " cttse on the score of stateness consequent on bcr previous exertions, wbilo Navigator, on the con trary, found himself greatly benefited by bis Derby gallop, and was a decidedly bettor horso than when ho clipped Segcnhoo's wings. Hccla has sinco picked up her crumbs wonderfully fast, and promises to strip as lithsome as afresh water trout this afternoon. Besides I am informed on tho host authority that sho executed a rare " go" against tho watoh prior to her departure from Randwick. It would bo.an unpardonable devia tion from tho custom of past years woro the St. Albans stablo not to bring forward at tho eleventh hour a moro than ordinarily prctontious three-year-old with which to inaugurato the season. Whether tho astnto Wilson has another Briscis, First King, Savanaka or a Progress in picklo remains to bo Beon. The choice on this occasion rcBts between Littlo Jack and Mistaken, the firstnamcd of which has made a promising dibill in tho Winter Handicap at Geeiong, when he carried 6 st. 21b., and donkey boat Larpent, 9 st. 2 lb.; Don Quixote, 8 st. 5 lb., and six .others, over a milo and a quarter of ground. Although tho distanco was 2 furlongs shorter, iarpent's victory last Saturday, with 2 lb. moro on bis back, somowbat enhances Little Jack's prospect. As yot tbo stablo has made no sign in favor of eithor representative, still I should take Littlo. Jack to bo suporior to Mistakon, who behavod very moderately as. a two-year-bid, though there is every reason to an- \- ticipate an improvement in form on tho occasion of his re-appearance. The Caulfiold division will furnish an imposing detachment from among Transferred, Calma, Granville, Norfolk and Aido- dc- Camp. Calma has not yet mado his bow to the public, but judging of the opinion formodof him by the stablo, who aro provided with reliable' trying tackle in Nappcr . Tandy, Sir Joseph and Waterloo, ho is evidently a colt of somo promise. The anxioty exhibited to' support Transferred in clines to tho opinion that.his claims are held in high esteem by. a stable and apariy whoso judgo- mcnt is not frequently at fault, added to which tbo son of MarihyrnongandLndy Elizabeth wound up his two-year-old career in a manner significant of Btifl hotter achievements with ago and rest. His last and best performance was in tho Nursery Handicap - at the May Mooting of -the Adolaido Racing Clnb, whon he provedi victorious under 8 st. 7 lb. in the un-' commonly good timo of I min. 10J see. for 0 furlongs ; Footstep, 8 et. .10 lb. , being second; and Bassonio, 9 st. lib,, third. Transferred is ' therefore no dunce on the strength of this credit- ablo achievement Tho remaining Caulfield trained candidates I hold to bo deficient in class, and am consequently not apprchensivo of a sur- priso omanating from that direction. The un favorable intelligenco received from Craigioburn is prejudicial toBoolka's prospects, otherwise hod this colt's temper not overcomo him ho would havo commanded rospoct Tom Brown may pos sibly eloct to strip Saionara for the fray, but with n heavier standard of weights ho can barely bopo to rovcrso the running in tho Spring Maiden Stakes at Randwick, when ho had to play second fiddlo to tho speedy Hecla. And now to bring my rcconnoissanco of tho Gnincos to an ond, it will'ho inferred from tbo foregoing digest that either my prejudices or my judgment havo led mq into believing that tho situations aro likoly to bo filled by Hccla, Fryingpan, Guesswork, and tbo best of Wilson's. As a final plump I must declare myself in favor of HECLA,; who is undoubtedly a great filly over a mile. For place distinctions I shall bo fully prepared to soo a rare ding-dong eot-to between tbo forcnauicd quartette, of which Fryingpan and Guesswork will probably bo tbo hardest nuts to crack. Erin and Cbanak appear to possess prior claims to tbo Amateur Challenge Cup, value 100 guineas, and as ERIN is in every way qaalificd to shino in snch com pany, ho will only need tbo services of an efficient horseman to roaliso tho expectations formed of him. By way of n. finale to what promises to be a most interesting afcomoon's sport, tho Toorak Handi cap should not fail to attract a good field of horses, larpent, by virtue of his ' recent performance at Flemington, looks liko having another decided look in, and nicely handicapped though Scandal, Prometheus, - Verdure, and The Hobrqw may ap- pear on paper, I fail to see how cither can hope to reverse lost Saturday's jiat. There is a host of fresh blood contained in tho list, howovor ; still I incliuo to \- LARPENT, who is a porfcct screamer over a milo. ' Possibly Stbckdale or Sir Joseph maybe capable of stretch ing tbo big fellow's neck. ' Although tho attendonco was disappointing to tho promoters of thoMclbourno Hunt Club Meeting on Saturday last, .very littlo fault could bo found with tho sport, and while sympathised with oh their lack of patrenaeo, tho oxccutlvo are to be complimented on tho successful jssuo to which they brought their programme. Surprises were quite tho order of the day,' and judging of tho unceremonious fashion in which tho favorites got boiled over ono aftor anothor'tbo wieldors of tho motallio poncii enjoyed a high timo of it. Gam- blor, who left tho paddock unbackod by oitbef bis stablo or anybody clso, ; initiated, "tbo chapter of surprises . by 1 upsetting a very 'warm cud of - coffco,' in Rod .Rover; then ' tho ovbn monoy supporters of Elector again , camp, to grief in second jumping contest, and Storling, another warm favourite' for tho Selling Raco, also failed tp pull backers out of the mire; and it was not until Doiusion, -my selected ono of tho two-year-olds, cams homo inadvanco of a big fiohl for tbo Flying Stakes that somo amends were mado for previous disappointments on tho part of tho favorites. Tho remaining dofeats of Hector, Erin and Vorduro, however, loft a substantial balanco in favor of tbo books. To hark back to tho racing, tho Handicap Hurdles furnished an interesting sot-to between Red Rover and 'Gambler, tho fiat being half :a head. King made rather too much uso of tho favorite, otherwiso ho would havo reversed the verdict. Dundreary was completely off color, and was ovidently suffering from tho effects of his dead heat gruelling with Sportsman at Ballarat. It looked the proverbial guinea to a gooseberry on Eloctor landing tho oven money laid on him for tho Amateur Hurdlo Raco until ho bolted with Master Cox, who had very slight control over tho erratic little chestnut. Kanaka dis played a rare dash of foot in tho Sclliug Race, for which the stablo fairly supported him, and thus got back a portion of tho money dropped .over Red Rover. Undoubtedly tho feature of tho afternoon was tho Hunt Club Cup Stceplcchaso. Tho display of jumping was aliko a credit to tho Mclbourno Hunt aud tho amateur ridors of Victoria, who mustorcd in good forco. For proof of this it has only to bo mentioned tbat tbo raco was devoid of a single fall, and seldom has a prettier sight been witnessed in connection with any stceplocbaso at Flemington than when tbo entire field cleared tbo last fence and camo racing up tho straight en masse . Alhambra, tbo winner, waa admirably ridden by a junior member of tho famous "Watson family. Hector, tho favorite, persistently balked with Mr. Inglis, othorwischis extra pace wouldhave carriod him prominently to tho foro at tho finish. Nothing.bnt Delusion andHonora would go down with tho public for.tho.Flying Stakes, and from tho closo proximity in which tho pair finished tho . selection proved to bo-well made. Erin qnickly relieved thoso who had supported him at a short -figure for tbo Opon Steeplechase by parting com pany with Fred. Hill at tho very first fonco, whereupon tho issuo resolved itself into a caso of standing up on tho part olAbdallab, who fenced beautifully, and has evidently regained somo of his lost form. After considerable finessing a strong. Btablo demonstration indicated Verdure to bo dcemod a good thing for tho Handicap Flat Race, albeit, tha jam did notoose ant of the tin until after tho public had brought the mare's associate, Scandal, to the short price of 2 to 1. Instantly the stablo commissioners wore at work, however, tho odds changed round with tho volocity of a shuttlecock, and Ver dure left the paddock "hot goods, werry," Tho pot waa doomed to ho overthrown, nevertheless, as after looking extremely dan gorons to within the distance tho grey collapsed . in favor. of Larpent, who camo ahead full of run? .ningand somewhat compensated tho followers of tho Bacchus Marsh stablo tho disappointment experienced with Honora in tho Flying Stakes. Thus ended a very entertaining af tcrnoon'B sport, Each succeeding week odds to tho interest contorcd in tho morning rehearsals at Fleming- ton,. and daring the p&3t few days tho doings of thoso candidates engaged in tho principal- events of tho Caulfiold meeting havo fallen in for es pecial attention. Monday omoned unfavorably for both trainers and touts, and with the ex ception of a rattling gallop on tha part of Tro- vallyn, who performed in a drenching shower of rain, tho morning was devoid of incident. Tues day brought with it a welcome chaugo, both in tho condition of tho weather and the character of tho work done on tho tracks, trainers ovidently being desirons of making up for lost time. Mr. F. F. Dakin, who has recently regaled tho watchers to, their hearts' content with Darobin and Fryingpan, again gavo tbo timoists a treat by sending the Guineas colt a slashing milo and a half, tbo round being accomplished in a sbado under 2 miu. 33 sec., which takes preecdenco as the fastest go of tbo soason. Darebin afterwards compassed tbo sarno ground in threo seconds slower timo. Mr, Savillo also created a flutter of oxcitcmcnt by sending Savanaka a mile and a half at bis top, tbo old grey doing tbo round in 2 miu. 81 sec. Tho Assyrian followed him at a distance. Savanaka, although on tho big sido, is wonderfully fresh just now, and it would not surprise mo to sea him gain a winning bracket this sido of Christ mas.. Tom Brown sent Cunnamulla, Saionara and tho good looking Stcckdalc a morry flutter of one mile, all three shaping well. Brown's horses aro looking tho-picture of health and condition. Robert tho Devil tried his hand 'at a milo, finishing slovenly in tho moderate time of 1 min. 60J sec. I am afraid. Robert is not bo good as ho looks, or else he needs timo to develop his galloping powers. - Ironmaster regained somo of his formor admirers by the stylo in which ho Tan once found- tho outer circle, still he rolled a hit at tho finish, and I am doubtful of him being a etayor although possessed of heaps of pace. Flemington . presented a scene of consider able animation :on Thursdny morning, when especial interest was centred in. tho doings of the Guineas candidates. Mr. G. F. Dakin led - the way with Fryingpan, who ran the mile in a tick under 1 min. CO sec, Ho scarcely finished with his accustomed leisure, and the performance certainly suffered by - com parison with his previous timo cracking exploits over tho sama ground. Hecla executed a similar performance, and sho too was thought to go a little abroad at tho finish. In fact tbo profes sional watchers won't buvo her at any prico, and I am almost alono in'my alloiganco to tho beauti ful sister to Woodlands. > Aftor Ironmaster hud tried his band ovor the1 Guineas distanco without making any fresh captures, Mr. W. E. Dakin camo down later in tho morning and gavo tho "gaposecd'.' -another treat with Gueswork, who had Baron vori Muoller for a companion during a flying survey of the mile course.' Tho colt had his aide de 'camp' in distress at;half tho jour, noy, and camo homo several .lengths in advance in 1 min. 52 sec. i The. timo'. was so unsatisfactory that ' Mr, ' ' Dakin "ordered" tho' 1 chestnut to ' have another turn oil his ' own account, and with scarcoly any (breathing tiine ho again broke away from tho milo poB, accomplishing the distance in threo seconds faster timo than before, and .finish/ ing well in hand. This was a pretty good doina all at onco.; still Guesswork took his gruel kindly# and walked off tho courso apparently nond th« worso for tho couple of severe questions asked bin? Divided though opinions may havo been witfrf respect to tho separate efforts of Fryingpap/' Hccla -and Guesswork, no such difference prat vailed -anent Promothcus, who ran a milo jpt 1 min. 47 acq. Hitherto Mr, Savillo has ken this colt's capabilities in tho dork, and ho only, requires to sond him a few moro spins liko of Thursday to bring his namo prominent/ forward in tha Derby quotations a la Frying .pan. Friday is invariably a quiot day at Flcmingtoii and tho only occurrence to reliovo a long and. dreary morning's touting was a milo spin on thq part of Fryingpan, who got homo in 1 min. 47 ' see,, the gallop being a decided improvement oii his performance of tho previous morning. Guess- work ran 5 furlongs in-1 min. 5 see., going well within himself all the way. The press of tho neighboring colonics will bo well represented at tho onsuing Caulfield meet1 ing, for among the latest arrivals are included " Nomo," of tho Sydney Mail, "Martindalo,''; of the Sydney Town and Country, a nd "Trnmi pator" of tho Adelaide Observer. j Thoso who havo taken liberties with Canary for tho Caulfield Cup receivod a bitter pill oil! Thursday, when it became known tbat tho pen! had been drawn through bis name. It appears, tbat a certain clover division of tbo ring bad beefs? busily engaged for somo days in backing thai horse, and naturally feeling aggrioved at being' forestalled Mr. Jacobs withdrew kirn. Tbo forcv stalling business wa3 evidently done in anticipa- ! tion of Canary's advance in tbo market and then ' to seize the opportunity to lay off, but as tho pell ; was brought into play a trifle too soon theso do- ' signs were frustrated. As things, havo resulted tho biters havo been bitten, and tho public savetf j thoir money. Mr. Jacobs's prompt action in tho' .matter is to ho commended. Tho stupendous muzzle worn by Lord Burghleyf"' is suggestive of the fact that his lordship haij turned "man cater." Possibly, it may only ijcf .another Masquerade ruse. Anyhow, pcoplo naturally shy of anything and everything cmanat'v ing from Ivory's stable. , 1 Tho officials of tho Victoria Racing Club wlR be tolerably well engaged on Thursday next ia receiving tho general ontrie3 for tho approach- ing spring meeting. Tho occasion is ono whlrik will engross the attention of horso owners aU(\ trainers throughout tho several colonies. way of a reminder I cannot do better thfiif enumerate tho various ovents claiming notice.' They are as follow, together with tho amount! to bo transmitted : — FIKSI Day. Melbourno Stakes £2 0 0 Hotkam Handicap 2 0 0 Esscndon Stakes 2 0 0 Coburg Stakes 2 0 0 Second Day. Maiden Plate 5 0 0. Railway Stakes 2 0 -0 Kensington Stakes 0 0 :0; Tho Darling Stakes 2 0 0' Tho Yan Yean Stakes .1 0 O H Third Day. Hurdle Raco 5 0 0 The Royal Park Stakes....... 8 0 0 Tho Flying Stakes 2 0 0 . Spring Handicap 3 10 0 Tho Veteran Stakes ; 2 0 0 Fourth Day. Tho Flemington Stakes. ..2 0 0 Tho V.R.C. Handicap 3 0 0 Steoplcchase 5 0 0 Canterbury Plato 5 0 0 Frco Handicap 2 0 0; Judging of tho largo number of horses that aril in training at Flemington and elsewhere, th| entry is likely to compare favorably with formes official sheets issued at the V.R.C. office. Those interested are reminded thatoll entries require tc bo in the bands of tbo secretary of tbo Y.RC.j Australian Jockey Clnb or tbo South Australia Jockey Club before four o'clock on Thursday nekt J tho 12th inst. ; ; Mr. Miller, master of tho Findou Harriets Hunt, has been, very happy in classifying tho 6 (J hunters who havo put forward claimB for tho gbld voso to be run for at Caulfield next Saturday.' Ajax occupies tho post of honor with tho stcadiea? of 13 st. 3 lb., aud as ha meets those liorscs who finished in front of him at Flemington last week? on considerably better terms his chance is not all to bo despised. Neither can Clansman bo conn sidcred ovor-wcighted at 13 st. 21b., for ho is uij-, donbtedlyof a superior class to the majority .q£ tho candidates. Brownlock, list. 71b., Chanoil? 12 St., and Alhambra, 12 st. 41b., are, in .my opinion, tbo best treated of tha othera. Tho annual general meeting of tho Victoria Amateur Turf Club passed off pleasantly tjil Monday last. Tho report showed that daring tho year tho club had progressed satisfac-" torily, there being at tho end of Augnst 148 members on tho list. Tho six moetiuga held during tho ten months onding 31st Augnit turned in a net profit of £1553 3s, 9d. In atakosf £3785 6s. had been paid away, and tho dobt had been reduced by £57C As. 5d., whilst £1252 3d. bad been spent in improvements. The chairi man(Mr. IV. Foarson)statedtkat the snccessof th? club was mainly duo to the energy of tho secret tary, Mr. N. R. D. Bond, whoso salary they. had? increased from £150 to £300. The ballot for tha olection of mcmbors of the committee resulted aa follows : — Messrs. C. D. O'Halloran, Hurthjl Fishor, T..N. Fitzgerald and A, R, Blackwood. , Another blacksmiths' striko occurred at Flem« ington on Saturday last. The brawny wicldera of tho slcdgohammer put up their backs against paying for admission to the paddock, and sovoral horso owners were inconvenienced in conseJ qnencc. For my own part I fail to sea why hlacl£ mail should bo leviod npon blacksmiths mora than upon jockeys or trainers. The presence of one is as essential as that -of tho other in all saddling ; paddocks, , and I am at a loss to know why ono division should bo moro privileged thaqi another. It is said that farriers visit tha Flomington enclosure for tho solo purpose of camjj ing an honest copper, and on this account thap aro called upon to pay for admission. Gfantod but do, not jockeys enter tlio gates on a preciaoip similar1 mission, and why, therefore, thq ilistinoi tion?. I am informed thatoftimcs a blacksmith t . ........ " has foiled ti). earn enough topiy forhis admis sion into the paddock' daring a raco day, and with snch rtoks. to rnni ljfc seems really hard lines that, tho poor smithioa should be compelled to pay. Why not placo- thorn .on tho same footing as trainers and. jockeys,' namely, by extending the privilege of a nominal rogrintratioa feo ? . Mr. 'W. B. Dakin hhd no sooner shaken off hi3 sea logs than. hd-camqdown like a thunderclap on tho ccjtwsccitii of tho Flemington training track lost 'Wednesday -morning.' 'His brother's previous exhibitions, with Fryingpan have been suf&oiontly; entertaining, but their effect has fcgen as nothing, compared with the electrifying shock which, tho newly arrived Guesswork imparted on ' the' occasion referred to. ' His sensational performance) orcr the Guineas dis- tanco has created o furore sueh as has not been witnessed at head-quarters for eomo timo past. Co make a long story, short, Mr. Dakin commis- nioned the' colt to jump away from tho milo post, and -pat' on high . pressure for tho wbolo of tho distance. Theso ordors wore carried out, with a result' that knocked all previous time smashing 'performances all of a heap, tho t'olock" showing, a shade over 1-40 for tho mile — a wonderfully "godd go considering tho ground galloped over,.nud tho fact ' that Guesswork had his ordinary shoes on. Tho Jast half-milo occu pied 52 sod.' exactly, and tho last soven furlongs 1-82, which is tho fastest over known to have been accomplished on the same .track. Under the circumstances, it was not surprising to Gnd Bir Thomaa! JMc'r'a colt a firmly cetablishcd favorite for the Guineas later in tho day. At a meeting .of 'the V.It.C. committeo, held en Tuesday, the disqualification of F. .Long for. six mouths by the M.H.O. for disorderly conduct, also, tho disqualification of F. Sanderson .for joining in a face - after rnnning insido . a post at tho last Caulfield race meotiug, were endorsed. At a mooting of tho committee of tho Vic toria Amateer Turf Club hold on Wednesday, Mctsers. p. S. Wallace, W. Pearson, J. L. Pnrvcs,- M. O'Slianassy and Hurtle Fisher wore elected stewards for the onsuing year. Tho committee endorsod the decision of the Melbourne Hunt Olub in the case of the disqualification of F. Lcng, the trainer. \-- Those members of the nowly established Sports man's Club who invested on Abdullah in the iotalisator, received tho liberal odds of 12 to 1. His price in the ring at Flomington was 4 to 1.' The same instrumont indicated that there were no: investors- on: Gambler for tho Hurdlo Race, consequently all the money was roturnod, less the usual percentage. Mr. Fruncks's machines are now in full awing in connection with tho several ovents to bo decided at tho ap- proaching'Caulfie'ld meeting. . The principal victim of. tho Scandal cum Verdure fincsso in the Flomington paddock last Saturday.. is.. a, gentleman well known for ills determined opposition to tho Totalisator Bill in the Lower House, who became unwittingly stung to the tune of £200. Moral, Never back a horso until yon ore sure tho etablo money is on —particularly- when - the said stablo has moro ban ono horeo engaged in the same raco. 0.. Wyemanj o! " South Australia, arrived at Flomington at the beginning of the week, ac companied by the, two-year-old filly Bis Bis, by -Countryman from Mies Hcslop. . Bis Bis is en gaged in the Greitt. Foal Stoko3 and Maribyr- ' Hong 'Plate.- F. Leog, .the' well known Caulfield trainer, was called before the stewards' of the Hunt Olub on Saturday for gross" misconduct in the paddock at Flemington; arid .was disqualifid for a period of sir months. '. Among other misdemaneors he scratched .Von Tramp for tho Amateur Hurdlo Bace without-authority, and tboso who bad tho temerity to lay even money on Bloctor fell some what uneasy whontheyobserved VanTrorap's num ber up eomo considerable t'uno aftor the official announcement of his withdrawal. Crcswiek's name has up to tho piesont been quito a dead letter in' connection with the big handicap ' event of Saturday next, but if the Sydney -papers are to bo reliod on ho is not without friends on the other side of tho border, tt is recorded that last week an oven 1000 was laid on him beating Tho Assyrian for tho Caul- field Cup, and 1000 to 750 accepted that Darebiii does -not beat Creswick in tho same raco, both wagors being 1, 2,"3. ' . The hurdlo racers Gambler and Tho Stag have been , matched to run two miles over hurdles for 200 sovb. a' side, tho race to tako place within two 'months. Tho owner of each horse has depositod 10 eom, which will bo forfeited in case of default. " Mr. W. 'E; 'Dakin arriyod in ohargo of Sir Thomas Elder's team on Monday last aftor a some what boisterous passage. A couple of the two-year- bids lost the use of their' legs during tho voyage, but otherwise tho team escaped injury, Ghosb- work, Bassanio and Baron von Mnellor in par ticular proving themselves excellent sailors. ' The wliolo of the string visited Flomington on Tuesday for an introductory airing. Among other notablo arrivals at head quarters are Ivory's horaeB, Lord Bnrghley, Master Avonal and Co., who. visited Flemington on Tuesday morning for tho firet time. Lord Bargbloy got knocked about a good deal en route, and looks much lighter than at Randwick. Masqnerado anil Surrey aro conspicious by their absence. \- Although tho noble army of tonts who now \- daily hostage the tracks at Flemington were captivated en masse by tho brilliancy of Frying- pan's gallop on Tuesday morning, tho owner of Transferred, who was prcsont, did not lose heart at the performance, and accepted 1200 to £00 on tho .apot about his colt for the Caul- field Guineas. 'Although tho gallop insido tho course proper at Flemington has been ploughed for some days tho -earth is so lumpy and hard that trainers are unable to.- work their teams thereon pending -.a fall.of rain'; " Mr. Stead, .the well known How Zealand stud master, notifies that ho has sold tho mares Nos. 1 to 20 in the catalogue in one lotto tho Auckland "Stud Company. The young stock and homes in training, &o.;,:will; however, bo offered by auction bn'lltlNovember as originally arranged. Mr. Stood, whilst regretting that tho publiohavo not Jiadan opporlunityof competing forthomaros, did not feci justified in refusing a reasonable offer Nor thern inone lot, as although the prioo agreed en is considerably botowthoir-ooatahd valuo; \ho offer' waa a fair one for so large a transaction. , . Ficklo, Vanguard, Dandy, 'Blue Bonnet, Tom' Thumb, Dundaa and Erratic., are npt eligible to contest tho Findon Harriora Gold Vaao, and their, names do not consequently appear in tho handi cap published olscwhero. ; Edith, and Crusader are likewiso absenteos, botli having been' with drawn before tho appearance of, tho weights. Mr. S. G. Cook has had tho misfortnno to loso his promising two-year-old colt George Rignold, by King Colo from Gonfalon, who became so seriously injured whilst rnnning. in .tho Flying Stakes last Saturday as to necessitate his . de stroys!. Tho vanguard of Mr. E.- DeMeetre's .team, comprising Navigator, Sweet William, 'Qudarz and thrco two-year-olds, arrived at Flemington on Wednesday afternoon, ail well. . . . \- Navigator, who visited Flemington for a pre liminary airing on Thursday morning, looks the picture of health, and is wonderfully improved in appearance sinco I last saw him: at Bandwick a month ago. I am moro than ovor wedded to tho conviction that tho Y.R.C. Dorby is puroly a matter of health for the " little black follow," as -be 1b called. Tho remainder of Mr. Do Mestro's team, including William Frederick, Sylvanus, Paul, Lobongriu, Solitudo, tho Nightllght colt, and Navigator's sister, tho two-ycor- old'Cocoannt filly, arrived later. in the week. Tho entire string is located at Mitchell's Baceconrsc Hotel. .Mr. Do Mestro's stay at Flomington is only of tem porary duration, as I ata given to understand that ho takes his departure to-day (Saturday) for his old quarters on the Williamstown race course. ' . . ' Aspon, twicowinner of the Newmarket Handi cap, ran away with her boy at Flemington yester day morning, and compassod about soven miles bofero being pulled up. Sho was unfortunate enough to injuro tho muscles of hor shoulder and during the day Mr. Crooke found it necessary to call in a veterinary surgeon. The mare was showing symptoms of improvement last, evening. Yesterday tho ranks of tho Flomington trainers were further strengthened -by tho arrival of J. Monaghan, from Sydney, who brought with him Tho Drummer, Sardonyx, Vau'duse, Bandmaster, and Privateer. He also bronght ovor tho jumpor Basilisk, who is consigned to. Mr. S, G. Cook's stablo. H. Raynor is expected to -arrive to-day in obarge of Creswick and Halifax. Bainos leaves Sydney on Monday, accompanied by Gipsy Cooper and the rest of Mr. Forrester's horses. Messrs. Lamondand Alsopp aro also oxpectcd to reach Flemington oarly next week. Yesterday afternoon I Baw Transferred Bpirt half a mile at Caulfield in 53 see. . As yet he is a good doal on tho log, besides which ho exhibits signs of possessing a bit .of a ' temper. Hccla, looking blooming, visited the ground for walking exercise, and among other visitors I noticed Tho Czar and Allander, both of whom aro ongagod: in tho Tootak Handicap.' .- Lar- pent, Fryingpan and Guesswork do not leave for the scono of to-day's races until tho morning. ' ' Mr. Selman bos discharged .the -lad London- dolly, who recently attended' tho Ballsrai . races in queBt of mounts without permission. Mr. A. P. Sullivan has been appointed ohair- man of the Victorian Betting Rooms, vice Mr. W. Pearson resigned, whose place oil" the com mitteo hasbeen filled by Mr. C. D. O'Halloran. I beg to remind those interested that nil horses not acratohedfor tho Caulfield Cup on Thursday next, the 12th inet., at thrco p.m., will bo consi dered accoptors, and nominators will bo held liablo for the sweepstakes, 10 sovs. cacb. Mr. lies (Ghinslor antL Co.), of Collins- street, has been appointed catoror to tho Victoria Amatonr Turf Club for tho ensuing season. Mr. J. O. Inglis'B horses Buzza and Yerio havo joined the ranks of tho Flomington trained divi sion. 