THE MEANNESS OF INFIDELITY. BEING THE FOURTH REPLY TO THE AMERICAN ATHEIST. A DISCOURSE BY THE REV. DR. T. DE WITT TALMAGE " When Jehudi had read three or four leaves, he cut it with the penknife."—Jer. xxxvi. 23. On a former occasion I employed this text for a different purpose from that for which I shall employ it this morning. There sits Jehoiakim in the winter house, his feet to the fire,which is blazing and crackling on the hearth. His private secretary, Jehudi, is reading to him from a scroll containing God's words to Jeremiah. Jehoiakim is displeased at the message, gets very red in the face, jumps up, and snatches the scroll from the hand of his private secretary, takes out his penknife, and cuts and slashes it all to pieces. Jehoiakim was under the impression that if he destroyed the scroll he would destroy the prophecy. Ah! no. Jeremiah immediately takes another scroll and .the prophecy is redictated. The fact is that all the penknives ever made at Sheffield and in all the cutleries of the world cannot successfully destroy the Scriptures. We have a Jehoiakim in our day, the representative of the infidelity of the hour, who proposes, with his penknife, to hack the Word of God to pieces. With that penknife he tries to stab Moses, and to stab Joshua, and to stab all the prophets, and apostles, and evangelists, and to stab Christ, and to stab the God of the Bible; but while he is cutting to pieces his own copy of the Bible—for I suppose he has only one copy of this dangerons book in his house, and that carefully guarded and locked up so that none of his friends may be poisoned by it—there are innumerable copies of the Bible being distributed. No book, secular or religious, ever multiplied with such speed and into such vastness as the Word of God. Disraeli's " Endymion," Macaulay's " History of England," Shakespeare's tragedies, having very small and limited reading, and very small and limited sale and distribution as compared with this Book; which, after for centuries being bombarded by thousand of Ingersolls, to-day has abroad over three hundred millions of copies. When one Bible dies, ten thousand Bibles are born. Cut away, then, with your Infidel penknives. This unbelieving man presumptuously proposes— and when I mention him I only do so as the representative of thousand of people; of course we could not spend an hour or five minutes in the discussion of what one man says, but he is the exponent of thousands of people antagonistic to the Scriptures, and therefore I call him by name—this man with his knife-blade proposes to cut the Bible to pieces in ridicule. Now I like fun, innocent pleasantry; no man was ever built with a keener appreciation of it. There is health in laughter instead of harm—physical health, mental health, moral health, spiritual health—provided you laugh at the right thing. The morning is jocund. The Indian baptises the Cataract with its own mist and calls it Minnehaha or laughing water. Yon have not kept your eyes open, or your ears alert, if you have not seen the sea smile, or heard the forest clap their hands, or the orchards in blossom-week aglee with redolence. But there is a laughter which is dreadful, there is a laughter which has the rebound of despair. It is not healthy to giggle about God, or chuckle about eternity, or smirk about the things of the immortal sou!. In my reply to the champion of infidelity, I have shown you in other discourses the untruth of infidelity, the blasphemy of it, the unfairness of it, the outrage of it. This morning I show yon the meanness of it, a subject upon which no one has yet dwelt—the meanness of infidelity. I. The leading American infidel in many of his lectures satirises his early home. He demonstrates the meanness of infidelity by satirising his early home, and leaving the people of this country under the impression that his father at least was a bigot, and a tyrant and a fool. Now, can you imagine anything meaner than the assailing of a parent's reputation after he is dead and gone ? I had a Christian ancestry of elevated type but suppose my father or mother had been hypecritica and tyrannical, and bigoted, and bad, would it not have been debasing in me to have hooked up the horses to the ploughshare of contempt, and turned up the mound of their graves ? It is a demonstration of the unutterable—the unnatural meanness of infidelity that assails a parent's reputation. We have two accounts of the infidel high-priest's parentage. One is, that he was a minister of the Presbyterian Church, a good man, on one ocoaslon preaching a sermon under which over a hundred souls were converted to God, liberal in fraternisation with all other denominations of Christians, indulgent to a fault with his children. But I received during this last week a letter from one of the places of hiB residence which gives just the opposite account. It says of his father:—"He was abstemious to a fault, and the family suffered accordingly. The children were commanded to eat, drink, and dress sparingly. He never spoke a kind word to his wife, who was anoble Christian woman, neither to his children, within the knowledge of persons now living here who were familiar with the family. At last the mother died. She was cared for by friends in her sickness, and on the day ot interment gentle hands carried her form, and rested it for a time on the catafalque. The blasphemer's father, to the astonishment of all present, deliberately removed his cravat and gloves, stepped on the rostrum, and delivered a eulogy over the body. He attempted to extol her virtues and panegyrise her conduct. It was the first time he had ever been known publicly to speak well of her." I know not which account is accurate. I prefer the former, because I prefer to think well of any man, living or dead. But that is not the question. It seems to me most mean, most insufferably mean, that a man. should assail a parent gone. Far better the conduct of Shem and Japhet, who, at their father's inebriation, took a mantle and walked backward and with averted eyes threw it over him to hide the shame. While the demagogic atheist leads his audiences to believe that his father was a tyrant and a bigot, why does he not say something about his mother? All the accounts agree in saying she was a grandly good Chris- tian woman. Why does he not tell us the source of her goodness? Where is the Bible she used to read ? Is it still in the family ? Why does he not extol her Christian graces ? Has his father's frigidity made more im~ )ression upon him than his mother's tenderness ? SVhere has she gone to ? Has she gone to the same place with his dead father P He does not like the Westminster Assemblv Catechism, or the Shorter Catechism. Perhaps he will answer a few questions of Talmage's catechism. How did religion seem to agree with her ? Did the Christian religion make her cress and sour, and queer, and crabbed, or did it make her kind, and genial, and loving, and patient? Did it give her comfort in the days of trouble ? Was she deluded with it to the last In her dying hour was it a pest or an encouragement ? He has left us to believe that his father was a tyrant and a bigot. Why does he not say something about his mother, his Christian mother, his sainted mother, at whose side, I warrant you, he used to kneel and say his evening prayers? Amid all the flowers of rhetoric can he not twist one garland for her memory ? He is said to be a very brave man. I dare him to do one thing. I dare him to take his mother's Bible, and some Sunday afternoon go into his room, and, locking his door, kneel down, and while kneeling read the fourteenth chapter of St John. Nothing there about Jonah and the whale; nothing there about the sun and moon stopping. Nothing there about the manner in which Eve was made. Certainly a man so brave that he defies the God of the Universe, and scoffs at the army of martyrs, and apostles, and prophets, and bullies perdition—certainly, man as brave as that ought to be brave enough on a Sabbath afternoon to go into his room and kneel down, if the door is locked, and read the fourteenth chapter of John. 0 ! it is insufferably mean, it is accursedly mean, that a man should throw a cloud of obloquy on his early home, when there was at least one parent who loved God, kept His commandments, and lived a grandly beautiful and useful life. 1 stand at the door of the sepulchre of that Christian mother and I cry out for justice from the infidel lecturer. O ! ungrateful man, you are nothing to the bosom that nursed you, and the arm that encircled you, and the lips that prayed for you, and the hands that were blistered for you, and the shoulders that stooped to carry your burdens. You do not believe in the Bible, you do not believe in the God of the Bible. Do you believe in your mother? I do not implead you by John Calvin's God, for you you say He is a fiend; I do not implead you by John Wesley's God, for yon say he is a fanatic; I do not implead you by the God of the Westminster Catechism I do not implead you by your father's God; but I implead you by your mother's God. By the birthpang that launched you, by the Christian cradle that rocked you, by the solemn hoar in which you were held up in the old country meeting-house, while the minister of religion said, " Robert, I baptise thee in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost"— by that God I implead yea to reconsider, and turn and live. I hold before you that bombardment of the early home, and that maligning of the Christian consecration and devotion—I hold all that before you as specimens of the meanness of infidelity. I know nothing to equal it in all the day, I do not snow another man on the American Continent who would do it, who would stoop to do it. II. Our blatant iconoclast also shows the meanness of infidelity—demonstrates the meanness of infidelity —by trying to substitute for the chief consolation of the world absolutely nothing. You have only to hear him at the edge of the grave, or at the edge of the coffin, discoursing, to find out there is no comfort in infidelity. There is more good cheer in the hooting of an owl at midnight than in his discourses at the verge of the grave. You might as well ask the spirit of eternal darkness to discourse on the brightness of everlasting day. You know there are millions of people who get their chief consolation from this Holy Book. Now, our infidel critic proposes to take away that consolation. What do yon think of it P What would you think of a crusade of this sort? Suppose a man should resolve that he would organise a conspiracy to destroy all the medicines from all the apothecaries and from all the hospitals of the earth. The work is done. The medicines are taken, and they are thrown into the river, or the lake, or the sea. A patient wakes up at midnight in a paroxysm of distress and wants an anodyne. " Oh," says the nurse, " the anodynes are alL destroyed; we have no drops to give you, but instead of that I'll read you a lecture on the absurdities of morphine, and on the absurdities of all remedies." But the man continues to writhe in pain, and the nurse says, «I'U continue to read you some discourses on anodynes, tbe cruelties of anodynes, the indecencies of anodynes, the absurdities of anodyneB. For yonr groan, I'll give you a laugh." Here in the hospital is a patient having a gangrened limb amputated. He says, "0! for ether. 01 for chloroform." The doctors say, "Why, they are all destroyed; we don't have any more chloroform, or ether; but I have got something a great deal better. I'll read you a lecture on the mistakes of James Y. Simpson, the discoverer of chloroform as an anaesthetic, and upon the mistakes of Doctors Agnew and Hamilton, and Hosack, and Mott, and Harvey, and Abernethy." But," says the man, "I must have some anaesthetics." " No," says the doctors, " they are all destroyed; bnt we have got something a great deal better." What is that?" "Fun." Fun about medicines! Lie down, all ye patients in Bellevue Hospital and stop your groaning—all ye broken-hearted of all the cities, and quit your crying; we have the catholicon at last I Here is a dose of wit, here is a strengthening plaister of sarcasm, here is a bottle of ribaldry that you are to keep well shaken np and take a spoonful of after each meal, and if that does not cure you, here is a solution of blasphemy in which you may bathe, and here is a tincture of derision. Tickle the skeleton of death with a repartee! Make the King of Terrors crackle! For all the agonies of all the ages, a joke. Millions of people willing with uplifted hand toward heaven to affirm that the Gospel of Jesus Cbrist is full of consolation for them, and yet Mr. Ingersoll proposes to take it away, giring nothing, absolutely nothing, except fun. Is there any greater height, or depth, or length, or breadth, or intensity of meanness in all God's universe. IIT. This demonstrative rationalist still further demonstrates the meanness of infidelity by trying to substitute for the Bible explanation of the future world a religion of "don't know." Is there a God? Don't know! Is the soul immortal? Don't know! If we shonld meet each other in the future world will we recognise each other ? Don't know j This man proposes to substitute the religion of "don't know" for the religion of "I know." "I know in whom I hare believed." "I know that my Redeemer liveth." Infidelity proposes to substitute a religion of awful negatives for our religion of glorious positives, showing right before us a world of reunion and ecstacy, ana high companionship, and glorious worship, and stupendous victory; the mightiest joy of earth not high enough to reach to the base of the Himalaya of uplifted splendour awaiting ail those who on the wings of Christian faith will soar toward it. Walter Scott's " Old Mortality," chisel in hand, went through the land to cut out into plainer letters the halfobliterated inscriptions on the tombstones, and it was a beautiful mission. But Mr. Ingersoll is spending his life, and the men who are like him are spending their lives, with hammer and chisel, trying to cut out from the tombstones of your dead all the story of resurrection and heaven. He is the iconoclast of every village graveyard, and of every city cemetery, and of Westminster Abbey. Instead of Christian consolation for the dying, a freezing sneer. Instead of prayer, a grimace. Instead of Jf aul's triumphant defiance of death, a going out you know not where, to stop you know not when, to do you know not what. That is infidelity. To show that Infidelity can provide no substitute for what it proposes to destroy, I ask you to mention the names of the merciful and the educational institutions which Infidelity founded and is supporting, and has supported all the way through—institutions pronounced against God and the Christian religion, and yet pronounced in behalf of suffering humanity. What are the names of tbem? Certainly not the United States Christian Commission, or the Sanitary Commission; for Christian George H. Stewart was the president of the one, and Christian Henry W. Bellows was the president of the other. Where are the asylums and merciful institutions founded by Infidelity and supported by Infidelity, pronounced against God and the Bible, and yet doing work for the alleviation of suffering ? Infidelity is so very loud in its braggadocio it must have some to mention. Certainly if you come to speak of educational institutions it is not Yale, it is not Harvard, it is not Princeton, it is not Middletown, it is not Cambridge or Oxford, it is not any institution from which a diploma would not be a disgrace. Do you point to the German universities as exceptions? I have to tell yon that all the German universities to-day are under positive Christian influences, except the University of Heidelberg, where the ruffianly students cut and maul and mangle each other as a matter of pride instead of infamy. The duello is the chief characteristic of that institution. There stands Christianity. There stands infidelity. Compare what they have done. Compare their resources. There Is Christianity, a prayer on her lip ; a benediction on her brow; both hands fall of help for all who want help; the mother of. thousands of colleges ; the mother of thousands of asylums for the oppressed, the blind, the sick, the lame, the imbecile; the mother of missions for the bringing back of the outcast; the mother of thousands of reformatory institutions for the saving of the lost; the mother of innumerable Sabbath-schools bringing millions of children under a drill to prepare them for respectability and usefulness, to say nothing of the great future. That is Christianity. _ Here is infidelity; no prayer on her lips, no benediction «n her brow, both hands clenched—what for ? To fight Christianity? This is the entire business, the complete mission of infidelity—to fight Christianity. Where are her schools, her colleges, her asylums of mercy ? Suppose you count on one finger the name of any institution founded by Infidelity, supported entirely by Infidelity, pronounced against God and the Christian religion, yet toiling to make the world better. Not one t Not one! Is infidelity so poor, so starveling, so mean, so useless ? Get out, you miserable pauper of the universe ! Crawl into some rat-hole of everlasting nothingness. Infidelity standing to-day amid the suffering, • groaning, dying nations, and yet doing absolutely nothing save trying to impede those who are toiling until they fall exhausted into their graves in trying to make the world better. Gather up all the work, all the merciful work, that Infidelity has ever done, add it all together, and there is not so much nobility in it as in the smallest bead of that sister of charity who last night went up the dark alley of the town, put a jar of jelly for an invalid appetite on a broken stand, and then knelt on the bare floor, praying the mercy of Christ upon the dying soul. Infidelity scrapes no lint for the wounded, bakes no bread for the hungry, shakes np no pillow for the sick, rouses no comfort for the bereit, gilds no grave for the dead. While Christ, our Christ, our wounded Christ, our risen Christ, the Christ of this old-fashioned Bible —blessed be His glorious name for ever!—our Cbrist stands this morning pointing to the hospital, or to the asylum, saying " I was sick and ye gave me a couch, I was lame and ye gave me a crutch, I was blind and ye physicianed my eyesight, I was orphaned and ye mothered my soul, I was lost on the mountains and ye brought me home ; inasmuch as ye did it to one of the least of these, ye did it to me." [Mr. Talmage requests that all people who read this sermon every Sunday morning, somewhere between eight and ten o'clock, will pray for the blessing of God upon his work.] 