THE TRAVELLER. PICTURES OF TRAVEL. BY J.S. IN AND AROUND ROME. Jnst outside of Rome, on the elope of the Janiculue, where the ancient kings erected their c&etle;, stands the monastery of St. Onofrio, founded about four centuries ago, in honour of an Egyptian hermit named Honophrios. You reach it, seated as it is npon a lofty knoll, commanding a fine view of the city looking northward, by a long flight of Bteps, from a Btreet called the Via della Longara, which connects the region of the Vatican with the Trastevere, a quarter of of the city inhabited chiefly by the poorer classes, who are proud of their descent from the old Romans, and look upon the princely houses as composed of mere parveaus. Not many persons visit this out-of-the-way monas tery, and when you ring the bell the echoes it awakens inside have a ghostly sound, and are suggestive of a silent void. Entering a little cloister, with grass growing in the interstices of the stoneB in the quadrangle, yon ask for the tomb of Tasso, wbo died and was buried here. The janitor points to a door in one corner, and goes back to his unfinished mid day meal. You are rather thankful for this mark of his confidence in your honesty and general propriety of conduct, and passing through a little sacristy lined with venerable oaken presses and drawers, you cross the threshold of another door, and enter one of the quietest and quaintest little churches you can possibly imagine. There is a faded altar* piece by Annibale Caracci, and a St. Anna teaching the Madonna to read, by Pentu ricchio, and some frescoes by Peruzzi: and the. whole place wears an old-world look, as if nobody ever came to worship there, and aa if it was juBt possible that, at midnight, the ghosts of bygone priests and monks might revisit the pale glimpses of the moon, and celebrate masses in low whispers for the repose of the' | dead. The stillness of the chnrch is quite profound, and the mere rustle of a curtain would be a violent disturbance of it Cardinal Mezzofanti, the marvellous lin guist, lies buried here, and the pave ment iB inlaid with monumental slabs of great antiquity. But what consecrates the quiet little fane in the estimation of every lover of Italian literature is that the ashes of Torquato Tasso rest in one comer of the building. You have seen his birthplace at Sorrento and his prison at Ferarra; and standing here npon the stone which records his death, npon the 25th of April, 1595, and covers all that was mortal of him, yon recall the plowing tribute of your own countrymen to his illostriouB memory. " Ob, victor, unsurpassed in modern song 1 Etch year brings forth its millions; but how long Tbe tide ot generations shall roll on And not the whole combined and countless throng Compose a mind like thine? though all in one Condensed their scattered rays, they would not form a tun." A portrait of the poet, on a medallion sur rounded by a wreath of laurel, carved in marble, surmounts the original tablet erected to hiB memory; but in a beautiful little chapel close by, erected, or rather restored and de corated, by the munificence of the late Pope, is a monument mote worthy of the genius of the ill-starred lover of Leonora d'Eate. It < consists of a foil-length statue of the poet, who is represented as looking heavenward for inspiration, with a pen in one hand and in the other an open book, on the leaf of which is written in letters of gold his invocation to the Hnee, beginning "O. Musa,achidicadu chi allori" &c.; ana in another book below ate tbe opening words of " La Qierusalemme Liberata. Upon a shield the motto Pro fide. The figure occupies a large recess, framed by an arch enriched with beautiful arabesques. Below la a bas-relief containing nearly 40 figures, composing the funeral pro* cessiou of the poet. On the opposite wall Is a large tablet oommemorating tine generous act of Pope Pius the Ninth, and above It a fresoo depicting the administration ot ex treme unction to Tasso. Quitting the church by the sacristy, fend retracing your steps along thecloister,yoa enter the monastery, ascend a flight of stairs, at the head of which la a fresoo orLeooardo da Vinci badly restored, and ao gain-the room in which th« poet died. When the d»oc figure of Taiso, "in his habitat M with bisnead turned towards yon/and look ing a* ifyou had disturbed him in one of his «odthe*tii*hai hi ion Ithe A . .,r heightened theillusion 1» tba fnteaifpion of a tUgbt shadow. A the still, sequestered church. " after life's fitful fever, be sleeps well." There is something very touching in the story of the last years of Tasso's life. In* prisoned for upwards of seven yean by the were arbitrary will of Alfonso the Second, end released at the argent solicitations of the Popeandof th e Duke of Mantua, one of the drat things the poet did waB to visit the surviving members of his family, who were settled at Bergamo, whence he set out on foot and penniless for Bologna. He continued hie journey to Loreto, and proceeded thence to Home. Here he met with nothing but con tumely and contempt; and he soon after wards turned his feet towards Naples, " to live or to die," as he expressed it. He wm but little more fortunate there, and presently returned to Rome, where an invitation reached him from Ferdinand de Medici to visit Florence. While there he heard °l «.the. J64111 x £fu PoP® "Se*taw, and of the election of Urban the Seventh as his successor, and resolved upon presenting him, self once more to the Papal Court. But in the meantime the new Pope had succumbed to an attack of fever, and Gregory the Four teenth reigned in his stead, and Tasso »g»i« became a wanderer from city to city. At thi« juncture the Cardinals Aldobrandi prevailed upon the Pope to decree the poet's coronation in the capitol. Taseo was so indifferent to the honour that it was only the persuasions of hia friends which induced him to accept it. On his reaching the gates of Rome he was met by the Pope, the College of Cardinals, and a great concourse of people. Buttho hand of death was already upon him, and he asked and obtained permission to rest himself for a few dayB in the of St. Onofrio before the ceremony took place. Seeing his end approaching, the prior ^^ ho had nothing to beqae&tb.; the poet answered with a sad smile this he had had very little during life, and could only leave hie tablets to his friend and fellow poet Afanso, and his crucifix to the monas lery*. the 25411 of April. 1595, Tasso received his message of release. He knew that he wm dying, and as the words " In manus tuas, Domitie," fell feebly from hia wasted lips, and his eyea wandered for a moment to the purple heaven sprinkled with stars visible through the open cusp, ment, at the hour of midnight his Bpirit passed away ; and, by his own request, his grave was for some time marked only by a plain slab of stone, on which were engraved the words "Hiciaeet Torguatus Taesus." It is not far from the monastery of St. Onofrio to the church of St. Pietro in Mon torio, behind which, almost on the summit of Mount Jamculus, and near the old Via and Porta Aurelia, surrounded by a beautiful garden, Btanda the Acqua Paola, a fountain decorated with columns from the Temple of Minerva in the Forum of Trajan. From the table at which I am sitting at this moment I look across the city to the hill beyond, a dis tance of three miles, and see the whole l&sade; of this conspicuous fountain, with five volummouB streams of water ponrinz Irom as many arches into an enormous basin, from whence the pure element, brought Irom Lake Bracciano, upwards of 30 miles away, is distributed over many Quarters of the city below. Probably there is no city in the world in which the water-supply is so pure in quality and so abundant in quantity asm Home. There ib scarcely a piazza without its fountain, and in many instances with one or two. lhat of Trevi, with its colossal figures of Neptune, Health, and Fertility. ib one of the sights of the city. The aqueduct which supplies it, as it does aleo tbe three foumaina m the Piazza Navona and those in the Piazza di Spagna and the Piazza Farneee ^rippa, who brought the water irom the Campaigna. a diBt&nca; nff 14.mil*, for the eupply daily discharge is upwards of 13 million cubic feet. Besides tbe sources already enumerated, there are those of the Acqua Feliw, 13 miles away; of tbe Acqua Uarcia, 56 mileB distant; and of the Acqua Claudia! 59 miles oft. The water, as a general rule! is largely impregnated with lime, and this probabiy has something to do with the fact that the physical development of the Romans is generally good; and that, although not tall, their frames are large and ample. To which it must be added, I think, th«t the number of dentats, relatively to the popula faon.issmaller than in most other European "«Fheire ** not.a Palazzo nor an hotel and scarcely a mansion, unprovided with its foun tarn or fountains; and the first object that meets your eye as you look up the Arched passage leading into the court-yard is the never-ceasing jet of pure cold water.ro" mounted by a statue, and surrounded by ivy or other creepers, intermingled with ferns and flowers. Some oftheee court-yards, even in tK16 *** ?Pac*oaa dimen sions, and the quadrangle is carpeted with ?ree^eBt- ^ thT^men 3 the streets, tn the newer portions of the city, : small _ spaces have been reserved by the municipality as gardens and shrub beries, and are kept in beautiful order, also, attached to the palasd of the wealthy "M.te jaswas: Bponding depth, and that on the summit of it ** enclosing lofty trees . and shrubs, shady walks under tnUised vines and marble terraces,from wSch^idrSS spects can be obtained both of the city and monnamu, bottom,. 5""T" 'rantk? .ommitol bt Peters that which is attainable from the open spaoe in front oftfeeytfiurch of San Pietro in Montario is exten* 8l^i" j 0x9 majestic dons of the cathedral rising over a wooded hiH the wefttt wd sweeping round to tlte fiwhiif* side of the hortaSnit taSeftnttoTSKS CorsinLFiraeauu, Falconieri, FaraeeeTQui* rinale, CaffareUi, and Colonn* the^nes note than a dozen of the largest churches the Basilica of C^slSS^tte^2«SS JkjtojW «*.»#» inountains, with the towns jot Prior*, FrasoatLQsoMa dll^na,Mamob and Osstal ' ing^hiidtrin fte sun j_th* ecua mounts, ~~ ~ " nesaa, Bassano, and Mario, i b^ its comparative isolation, have Buffeted martyrdom. It contains Borne very good pictures and altar- pieces; and when a monk asks if you would like to see the place of Peter's martyrdom, you say nothing to him concerning the absence of any his torical proof that Peter ever was in Rome, and promptly acquiesce. He conducts you to a really exquisite little temple, constructed from Bramante's designs, supported on 16 Doric columns, and containing a statue of the saint; and then he strikes a light and leads you down a flight of steps into a second chapel nnderneath, in the iioor of which is an aperture, denoting the precise spot in which the cross was fixed. He tells yon with the utmost seriousness that it trans formed the sand into which it was thrust into gold-from whence it was named Mont orio-and he says it without winking and without bo much as a quiver of the muscles round his mouth; and in proof of the miracle, he sends down something reeembling a beer dipper and brings up a small quantity of the yellowish sand, which he folds carefully in a piece of paper and presents to you. This means twopence; but the monk is so plea Bant, and ha« such a wonderful command over his features, that you give him half a fwn^ and the low bow with which be " im peticoses the gratility," and the fervour he infuses into the Milk grade, are really cheap at the price. ? drive along the Appian way is full of interest, because it leads you through an svenne of tombs and colufnbariat erected from motives of affection or of ostentation to tiie memory of the dead by the inhabitants of old Rome; and over catacombs of in credible extent, in which, it is estimated, there are six millions of sepulchres. These subterranean quarries are excavated in tbe soft puzzolana-a mixture of tufa and sand which forms the Bubsoil for many miles round Borne; and if you were to place them in a continuous line, the guide- book tells you, thw total length would be about 545 English miles. There are upwards of 60 of them, covering an estimated area of 615 acres. They axe cold, damp, uncomfortable places, and may be advantageusly left to be explored by archaeologists. The Appian Way, the Regina viarum, lined as it is with picturesque ruins, is much plpwflnpfrT to the eye. Leaving Rome by the Porta San Sebaatiano, and passing the Circus of Haxentius, with tbe remains of a circular temple which he erected in memory of hia son, you presently reach the tomb of Cecilia so graphically described by Byron that any other picture of it would be poor and incomplete « Share is a atom round tower of other days, firm as . fortress with its fence of stone, flm* as M> tray's baffled strength delays, fctanding with ball tta battlements alone, AT* wilb two thousand years ol ivy grown, The garland at eternity, where wave The green leaves orer all by time o'erthrown. What waatUa tower of strength ? Within its care Wbat treafore lay so locked and hid ? A. woman's grave. A tablet facing the road informs you that the ashes which lie within are those of the daughter of Metellns Creticus, wife of the Triumvir Crassus. In the middle ages, one of Gaetani converted the tower into a fortress, and connected it with a castle now in ruins. Across the road beyond once flowed a lava stream which descended from the volcano of Mont Albanns ; and the narrow way, of which the original pavement is visible in many placee, is fringed with ruined tombs, and all along your course the green tnrf ia sprinkled with dilapidated minBinai broken capitals, fragments of Wow, headless statues, shattered tablets with old inscriptions on them, and each like Klics of the past. To the right and left the broad plain of the Campagna stretches away, with hods of oxen peacefully grazing on itd succulent pastures, and die blue sky is filled with the music of multitudinous larks. In the middle distance, looking towards the mountains, the broken arches ot the Acqua and beyond it the long line of the Acqua Claudia, picturesquely break the level of the plain over whose ver dant expanse are sprinkled square and round towers, and farm- houses, and conical stacks that look like Hottentot kraals. The meadows are starred with daisies and butter ops, the air ia soft and balmy, and the whole scene is aB peaceful and idyllic as if no Roman legionB had ever marched with thunderous tread over this military road; bs if no wretched captives, with bleeding feet and lacerated hearts, had been dragged along these stones, to swell the triumph of a vic torious pMfi, and to leave their muti lated bodies in the arena of the Flavian ampitheatre, and as if the dark and tor terns passages of the catacombs, which { honeycomb the soft beneath, had never echoed with the groans or beet stained with thefrlood of Christian martyrs. Jo the evening of such a day as this one can ""fp- the wise and good Noma Pompiliua to the grotto of Kgeria, and here ia the (seen lane which will lead us to that hallowed spot, bidden from view by a softly Ml, with the "sacred urn" hard by. When jonfluit the vicolo for a meadow path, ini'twunfly cross a bridge/that has been wsliiiilwl owit a email walled watercourse ensfeyedin artificial irrigation, yon wind sMtoditlift loot of the hill by Jtaaft and plashy tnufc hot, little frequented, ,to the grotto in wiUcfe,; ?denuding . to * tradition it wold be a sm to discredit, Egeria net her mortal lover and gave him those sage fPfPfil* by ffripg upon which he made his teign beneficent. The author of Ohilde Harold most have visited the spot at tbia |twin oi the year; for his description of it fftyMiBt realisticin its .ccurapy ; .iAUHMiBt t^yfrnMnstmara sprfnUed tbtae EJejUnwatex dropa; the f*oe t. e. i: \- AfenMlatauMe;babbling (ran Hwb«M l ot lha <ii lr »t«tfi*, *lUi agworte^p - . fH#*ill*a»S»W, *»d round ten, towea, and iry lessly stripped; and nature, as if retaining a grateful sense of the homage once paid to her bounty in this sequestered spot, has beautified decay, and made ruin attractive by clothing the relics of antiquity in garments of verdure, the freshness and brightness of which are annually renewed. Endless excursions might be made in the mountains around Rome, and I believe it would take years to explore them thoroughly and to exhaust their beauties. Of the hun dreds of picturesquely-situated towns aud villages, each with its local history aud each with its special charm, Tivoli is the mo3t accessible. It lies upon one of the spurs of i Monte Sterpara, and is the Tibur of antiquity, ; where both Augustus aud Meceu&s; erected i villas, and where Brutus and Cassius, Horace i and Lucullus, are also said to have had their ; country houses. These are still pointed oat, but their authenticity is somewhat donbtfuL ? Here, however, are the imposing remains of Hadrian's villa and gardens, which covered an area of several equare miles, and were stripped of untold treasures of art that are sow the most precious contents of innumer- . able musetunB and galleries. Tivoli is 17 miles from Borne, and is reached by a steam tramway running along j one Bide of the old highway. After crossing a stream of hot sulphurous water at the Poate da Solfatara, the train enters and winds along a green lane bordered by trelliaed vines; then rattles over the rapid swirling stream of the Teverone, which is fringed and canopied by some lovely trees with luxuriant foliage; then passes the maseive tower which ser?ed as a sepulchre for the family of the Plautii; and then begins to ascend the foot of the mountain by many a curve with steep gradients, winding through groves of olive trees, some of which are 200 years old. At length the town is reached-an old-fashioned place with the letters S. P. Q. T. (Senatus populusque Tivoli) above its gates; with narrow streets, an irregular piazza, many manufactories driven by water power, a citadel "built on the ruins of an amphitheatre, and houses erected on rocky platforms at different elevations. An omui bus tabes you to the Hotel of the Sibyl, where you can lunch or dine upon a narrow terrace under the shadow of an exquisite little circular temple, with 10 of its IS Corinthian columns still standing, and over looking a grand gorge, about 300ft. in depth, into which one of the many cataracts of Tivoli descends with a force that dissi pates much of the water in cloudB of smoke like spray, and with a roar like thunder. All round this gorge, the outline of which may be compared roughly to that of two horse-shoes laid side by eide, runs an ex cellent carriage road, bordered by the moun tains on your right and by a valley of in describable beauty on your left. Every hundred yards or so the point of view changes and a fresh prospect is disclosed. From at least a dozen caverns in the rocky ledge upon which Tivoli is built burst forth as many cascades, differing in volume, but alike in velocity. Some of them take a slow leap into the bottom of the gorge; others fall npon a green platform, and thence make another swift descent into the depths below, only " To mount in spny the skies, and thence again Heinrn in an unceasing thoirer, which rotmd, j With its unemptied cloud ot gentle rain, Is an eternal April to the ground, I Making it all ooe emerald : -bow profound Tbe golf ! and how the giant element From rock to rock leaps with delirious bound. Crashing the cliffs, which, downward worn and rest. With his fierce footsteps, yield in a fearful vent To the broad column which rolls On aud shows More like the fountain of aii infant sea. Torn from the womb of mountains by the throes Of a new world, than only thus to be Parent of rivers, wbcb flaw gushingly With many windings through the vale." The largest of the cataracts is arched by a splendid rainbow during the middle of the day, and its unwavering Berenity and stead fast loveliness of colour are in striking con trast with the mad impetuosity of the flash ing mass of the foam-white waters. The sides of the gorge are matted with vegeta tion, which the moisture of the atmosphere,~ maintained by showers of silvery spray, preserves in never-ending verdure. Above this wonderful combination of grandeur and beauty, of roaring cataract and tzanquil leaf and spray, rises the Temple of the Sibyl, as the crowning glory of the scene; and look ing westward, where the ravine opens and permits the outfall of the rushing waters of the Tevereno, or Anio, to the plain, an immense breadth of country is dia closed to view, with Borne in the distance, and the majestic dome of St. Peter's distinctly visible, while every other edifice of eminence in the city fails to assume any prominence what ever. The gigantic creation of Bramante and Buonarotti stands oat in Bolitary grandeur, sole and supreme. Yon can descend by a Beries of zig-zag paths, cat in the sides of the gorge by a French general, through groves of trees, and banks of ivy,' and beds of flowers, to the Grotto of Neptune, a congeries of caverns immediately under a' portion of the town, where you see an enormous mass of sock that baa fallen from the overhanging roof above. Into another potto, that of the Sibyl, a cataract plunges with a deafening boom and witli a power of motion that causae the earth to vibrate with its shock. The huge volume of water disappears in the twilight of a cavern to reappear upon the other aide of the hill, where it springs into the depths of the ravine in a very frenzy of violence. .Everywhere ; yon hear the roar of waters, and see them flash and glitter, and feel the moisture, the coolness, and the freshness which they dif fuse. Everywhere the ground is carpeted with a rich undergrowth of vegetation, with bine and white irises of unuaaal size, with the bart's-tongoe fern, with velvety mosses, and luxuriant creepers. The melagginc, brought, it is *aSd» by the Emperor Hadrian from Egypt, the flowers of which somewhat resemble the orange bloBaom in shape, oolour, and fragrance, abounds in the neigh bour boodof Tivoli* and tbe indigenous trees and shrubs lnxnriate in the humid atmo sphere of this romantic region. It was one of the favourite resorts <*>f Claude and iniainjand hnhdredsof artistsliavpbeen wi loveliness of this ? spoL .... sketched the Temple/ m. Sibyl, irhfle ftdmiring the exgui tor the beautiful which prompted .n&d; it where he did. days and even weeks >ot Sam «o*ge into which the Amo discharge » mile.away [M>' # loment, of view, "of .. the Thepe >£F:SS iw^toin»ir<p toteo *o - y<» Wi aeleep, and that had been the first aooad which sainted your eat when yon awoke in the morning. To the poor artist, Tivoli possesses the additional recommendati >n that he can procure board and lodging at a respectable hotel for five-and-twenty a hillings a week. 