IRoveliet GRIT. x. A Story offbePa&t; and Present; ofOrdl ,iff{ na*y men and Ordinary things, in Ordl . nary language, * . BY DONALD CAMERON. },': ;': AtFIHOE OF ' IN THE FOLDS OF THE EBBPEKT,' . ;'' . ' ECLVEBWATEB BEND, ETC.' ' . ' Be sure thy sin will find thee out.' It is a beautiful belief: That ever round our head Are hovering on angel wings, The spirits of ilis dead. CHAPTEB XIX— (oootdiotd). Many in the crowd could read Obadiah like a book, arid thoroughly understood that he was a hypocrite, but their feelings were so worked up that even the most irreverent amongst -them jeould not refrain joining an prayer. It was therefore a strange picture, this multitude on their knees, And .the sun rising in the east, gilding die machinery and changing the colunis of smoke -into wreaths of snow. Bat hardly had Obadiah lifted his voice when Spojb^.who had been online -watch all -the time Jinade a dart, and seizing the apostle by. roi⋚, made' him spring a few spaces mto ih£ air with a cry as if the evil one had seized mm, whereupon the impromptu congregation 'started iip, indihecf to ihink \- something serious had happened; but the , moment they, saw the state of affairs, a universal bursttof laughter took place. Oba ? diah's face changed from whitetd scarlet, and turning round'tie dealt poor. Spot so hearty a kick' that hMi^Teachedliini, he -would have gone down- the fihafta. dvinc-doH. _V.*Thfl crowd seeing this, at ©nee rushed to rescue '?' Spot, Scrying out, 'That's the poor boy's dog,' and Obadiah had to sneak away like a whipped cur. ? Hardly had this excitement -passed over when a startling cry was heard, and -a beauti ful girl, with her dress disarranged, her bnir flying in wild disorder, about her shoulders, rushed through the crowd. . .Every soul knew at once that this was Bertha, the rich man's daughter, ahdas the story of her love for Jack was pretty, well known,' thanks io-ihe gossip ing proclivities of Gritty -Juuy, they at once understood -the cause of her distress, and gave way witS the respect lhat misfortune always generates. 'Is he dead? Is he dead?' she cried, turning to several miners she knew. ' We do not know, Miss 'White,' said- one of the men respectfully, 'but we hope not. ? t Jt is quite possible he may be alive.' iftf At that moment Obadiah Sweetcomfort's long hypocritical face appeared in the front rank. His eyes gleamed with a sort of de moniacal light, as he gazed upon the girl with an expression of desire and revenge. 'He is dead,' said. Obadiah, in his most sepulchral tones; *'no man could have lived . the sight through in that mine excluded from air. The fool air has killed 'Him long ago.' ? Bertha uttered a desolate wan, and sunk npon a pile of untrhnmed slabs near the mouth, of the cruel shaft which had destroyed her loved one. Was he dead? Would she never see his bright face again? Would he never clasp her to his heart and impress those pleasant passionate kisses on her lips ? O! God, to think that down in the horrid depths *as her lover's corpse disfigured be yond recognition; to tfiinV of the slow and terrible death that might have been his 1 Was he dead ? Could lie be dead ? She could not, would not realise the terrible fact. Her mind failed to grasp the stern reality; and it was a mercy. - Several of the women who were present, women who had known the horror of stand ? ing on the brink of a shaft in an agony of . apprehension for. a beloved, .one, after casting reproachful glances at Ohadiah, came forward, and, sitting beside Bertha, began. to comfort her, telling the girl . many things wjue^tiiey thought would give her hope. ;rV ,,,;' Obadiah Sweetcomfori stood ijiere and gazed upon this lovely creature with ih&feel-; '? ' ings. of a disappointed demon. How bgauti -. ? : :--r ful 6he was 1 What torture to gaze on all ? . ;i |j this loveliness, on this woman whom Jfee, so \ :' - ?'?';' -.. passionately loved, and think thathehaanot, ? X. \ could hot have part or parcel in her 1 ?' 44 'When will you know the worst?' asked v ? V Bertha. ' \- ' By mid-day,' answered the woman. She looked up at the sky and saw that the sun was only rising. ? How many weary hours 'she would have to wait, and then — '..,.'. :. In this hour of affliction all were cquaL Bertha felt this as lier heart went forth to the ? ;. dear kind creatures who strove .to lessen her '$j, .- ; grieL At other times these women were i ?'. -, accustomed to gaze npon herfrom afar off as )-. ?-_?, ;??? ;: of being of another sphere; but .now : the '-.-?, _?.'?: commonbondof humanity drew them together, y* Yi. ??-'? and- earthly distinctions and barriers were %l^rriii forgotten. ? ? $$;?%$.:. -^ very short time had, however, elapsed V'??y6*r when a murmur at the outer edge of the . crowd- announced some new event. ' Mr. White's carriage drew up close to the engine house, the horses reeking and quivering, an d Bertha's father stepped out. His. face iex pressed;anger and determination. Striding to where the poor girl was, he seized her hand, and in no gentle tones commanded her to ... :.. come with him. She lifted her weeping eyes :/:JfrP-r:fiip to his stern face and shuddered. '??'?'/^- .''?? 'O! father,' said the, girl, 'let me stay ^'i-'-^K' itmtil I have seen his— his— ' she could not ,^f K^vifisay corpse; ' let me stay till then, and I will 5?-?^f ; :'liv,;go anywhere with you, to Sydney or else ^'^-^VitvS where, so long as I am away from this terrible 70^0^^, place. O! father, do.' , f _ ? ?|pf.:;f '*??'-* How eloquently, she pleaded with those Ww- -ity beautiful eyes 1 . * ?iiZyy??';* Bat there was no change in her father's -' '-? - ''?''?* * face, it was as inflexible as ever. - ' What good can it do ?' he said, harshly, ?.'.*; the boy -is.. deadT Iieaye this place, where iiiere can be nothing but painful memories, ~ and seek p&er; scenes whete you will forget ? .all.' ' :- ' -: ?'?'-:. -.'- ' '.' ; ? ? ,X 'V *; -.-'? ' I cannot foiget, I cannot forget,' said the ?,/..'- i^Jjopr&d.;,. .? ? -??'?:-.?: . : '__'._ . .' ? : '? 11 But you must,' said the harsh-atnan, grasping her hand firmly and dragging her to the carriage. The crowd dared not- interfere. The only protest entered, was a low growl from Spot, who had recognised Bertha, and found comfort in her presence, although the sagacious creature easily detected her grief, and began in his simple mind to think that there was something wrong. Bertha was rudely forced, 'weeping, into the carriage.- The horses were at once lashed into a gallop, 'and the vehicle disappeared in a clond of- dust. .' There was just time to catch the train, for Giit-'had a railway now, and poor Bertha was placed in a. carriage, and ihe engine shrieked and- whistled and departed for Melbourne, conveying thither a iiortored soul, weeping and wailing over the lost dream of yonth. GEAPTjESXX. While these scenes were taking place at the Hesperus Extended, events of a very different -character were transpiring in Grit. After the great meeting, Hector, Bunakiim, and some of his principal supporters repaired to the dingy office of &e; Gritty Gully Trumpet, where, assembled, in the den known as the editor's room, they began to discuss the affairs of the night. ' The- Trumpet ef next day would be one 6i the best numbers ever issued. There was * the great meeting, the terrible accident at the Hesperus Extended mine, and, of course, there would T)e a splendid leader from the pen o£ Grit's mightiest journalist, Hector Macinnis, wherein the opposite parly would be annihilated, and the course of the electors made clear. Grit had now- a .gas company; of course there had been gas there in the early days, -but not such as conld be utilised for light. The Trumpet office absolutely flared with it. There was gas everywhere, which was a com lort, as there was nothing else to speak of.' The exterior of the building was not very prepossessing. Once, indeed, the facade had been thought the very acme of architecture. It -was of red brick— as if the dust of Grit were not red enough — and the mason nad by an ingenious arrangement fixed certain o£ the bricks to , form the words Gritty Gully Trumpet. The red dust of years had settled upon the building until it now looked, like an ogly lobster drowned in dirty anchovy paste.5 Upon window, coign, and door the. insidious dust had fallen until there was not the sem blance of the original design left. To add to the discomfort of visitors a night of well worn steps led to the sanctum, and, as there was no light outside, accidents were the rule ; and he was a lucky man who escaped scathless when he visited the Lyceum of Grit. - liy the side of the huilding ran a narrow lane, fit for deeds of darkness, and iramediately at the back was the stage door of the theatre, whence at night seedy supers, issued to fetch in the pewter pots of beer from the hotel at the corner for the stars. Gritty people would tell you with, pride that they had seen G.T.Brooke borne- in there from a cab when in one of his drinking moods ; and to this day the hotel hoasts that Julia Matthews was a boarder when she was a trollopy girl in short clothes. Altogether it was a classic locality. But the Inside of tike Trumpet office was to the outside -world amystery, and the general public could ?tell nothing about' it, except that Hector Macinnis made the paper there. In the inno cence o£ their souls they believed that he wrote, set— up, printed, and delivered the Trumpet:' Hector Macinnis found the office in a state of ' pi,' to use. a professional term. The compositors had been out -of *opy for hours, the overseer was fretting and filming and consuming beer; the apprentices, were larking, and the sub-editor was in despair. Up to this time the editor and reporters had not pat in an appearance. Eeprint -would not do,: so the whole establishment had to be idle, consoling themselves with the reflection -that -they would not get home until' the. sun had risen next morning. But they knew they had no remedy, although Hector Macinnis was a benevolent'champion of liberty, and a warm advocate of the eight hours system. He never allowed his lofty soul to consider his own office. That was out of the pale. So 'he kept his reporters, his writers, his composi tors and his printers 'waiting f pr him at his : pleasure, without in the slightest degree con sidering, that they were men just like the miners and carpenters for whom he expended so much breath. But then consider: the miners and carpenters could send him into Parliament, and the poor printers couldn't, being only a drop in the ocean- of Gritty numanity. 0, true proverb !— ' A saint abroad, a devil at home.' . In a few minutes, however, the Gritty Gtitty Trumpet office was the scene of the greatest activity. The reporters who, after the meet . ing, had. hastened to '-? the Hesperus Extended to ascertain the particulars of the accident, rushed in and at once began transcribing notes, as if all the electricity in the office had concentrated in them, and their pens flew over the paper Uke steam-engines. The overseer stood over them, however, like a ghoul, devouring their slips, which1 he cut up in pieces, and handed to his expectant compositors, who rushed to their frames and set with a rapidity that must have thrown the reporters into despair, if they had had tune to look round. . All thin time the great -mover himself sat in the editor's sanctum, drinking wine with Bunakum and his * friends, and totally heedless of the agonised face of .'fee overseer, whotjiow -and-then-rushed past ^hs open-door hi the vain hope of arousing his .sympathy. The sub-eoitor hopped about-i-fdr he was- lame — and strove to keep up . a jolly appearance, when he felt all the pangs of- the damned. Nor did Bunakum and the rest heed this m'the slightest. Why should the 1 champions of liberty, of the horny handed, of the eight hour system, pay attention to -the wants of these poor creatures? Why, in deed? But as Dr.' Bouse was moved by the spirit of loo to adjourn, the party at last broke up. ' I will be round at the Patriot, presently,' said Hector, as he saw his -friends safely down the steps. The, overseer now hopedthat there would be some chance of finishing before daybreak*. But Hector coolly passed him by, and, sitting in his chair, began to go through the piles of newspapers that lay before him. The over seer rushed out, and swore by himself in the passage, then adjourned to seek the solace of the pewter. After a while Hector Macinnis did think that he ought to begin his leader, inasmuch as it was time for him to join the company at loo, and casting ' away the last paper, he dipped his' pen in ink— and was about to write when: — ?. ? ? What face was this that rose before him in the hour of victory? What accusing, eyes gazed upon him out of the dusty bookshelf ? What form arose from out the shadows of the lamp? Pshaw 1 There was nothing there. The leader must be written. But it is not easy to put down the ghosts that arise in mock us, if they have then: origin -in our own guilty souls. . ' With an impatient exclamation Hector Macinnis fixed Vii« eyes upon the paper, and, .taking his pen in hand,' began to write the leader which was to electrify Grit next day. He had thoroughly digested the matter, and 'throwing it off' was to him an easy task. Soon the page was' covered with his peculiar, but regular handwriting, and, striking ' the bell, Hie overseer appeared. A smile of in tense satisfaction spread over that worthy's face as he glanced at the 'sheet, and he clutched it with inexpressible delight. ' It was immediately but up into little pieces, and .the compositors put to work on it, setting the matter tip so quickly that ere Hector had ?finished the last slip the first proof was in his hand. He soon hurried through it, and then began looking over the files. He became tired of these, 'however, and, throwing the papers to one side, put on his coat and hat, and strode away amidst the blessings of his employes, who were trembUngthat he would write a second leader. It did not take him long to. reach the Patriot, which was still full of .light, the politicians not having departed. They ''were arguing in the bar — at least, as many -of them as were able to argue. But Hector passed by, and went on to the room where the select men, including Dr. Bouse, were indulging' in a little relaxation in the shape of a game of loo, which -was now the popular amusement of the higher class of Grit, varied by an occasional tussle at poker. Hector Ma/-iTiTii«. cared little for -cards, but when trouble or, anxiety came upon him he often indulged in a game. As he did not care to sleep that night, having to be up early, he resolved to drive away all apprehensions of the morrow hi what he called a ' tit-up.' As he was passing lie noticed Maggie, who was serving, the men in the bar. Her face, \- usually so bright, -was far from cheerful, and the redness of her eyes showed that she 'had been weeping. A shade came over Hector's face as he noticed this. He knew why she was so gloomy. But it was not a cause of sorrow, to him, . ^ And £he night passed on, Hector playing with great care and winning. Indeed this was no wonder, for the others were so far advanced, that they could- hardly distinguish a king from a jack. He accepted this as a sign that he would be successful. The dawn began. to find its way into the close room and to pale the gaslight, before the players thought of separating. Then, after a hearty wash and some slight refreshment, they held a meeting, when final arrangements were made for the great contest. . The pariby, too, had the satisfaction of reading Hector's leader, which was pronounced a masterpiece. After, that, how could Mr. Mip.11 and V»i« friends stand a show? , ^_ , CHAPTER XXI. While these scenes were passing at the Patriot, two wretchea creatures were lying in the casualty ward of the hospital of Grit. Bridget O'Began and her husband had never rallied after then- brutal treatment. They ?were so nearly dead- when the attack was made that life was easily driven out of their wretched bodies. The husband died very soon after- he was admitted, and Bridget seemed likely to end her troubles ere the morning broke. But, as she had always had a strong mind of her own and was -naturally contrary, she disappointed the. doctors. . As the first beams of the morning sun lit up the beds of the patients she opened her eyes, just ' as the doctors expected her to close them for ever.' She was too weak to speak -much, however, and was commanded by the warders to be quiet. . 'Hush,' said the head warder, 'he's dead.' ...... The woman lay back with a sigh... ...It seemed as if she had collected all her strength' for this effort, and, now. that it had appeared vain, she sank again into a sullen lethargy. How earnestly and unceasingly the men worked at the Hesperus Extended ! How the crowd cheered the shifts as they came up and went down ! In spite of the counter attrac- . tions of the election, which began to be at its hottest about twelve o'clock, the crowd still gathered, 'until -thousands of persons were collected around the claim. Electors slipped away now and then to record their votes, and returned immediately. In all directions cabs were flying, bearing posters, ' Vote for Miall,' ' Vote for the champion of the people, Hector Macinnis,' and these oGcasionagy thinned the' crowd- considerably, but fresh accessions kept up its dimensions. Messengers were running backwards and forwards, eagerly giving information of the state of the- polL This was soon displayed on a blackboard, on which were chalked the names of the candi dates, the numbers being continually erased, and fresh figures substituted, all of which proved that Hector Macinnis was forging ahead. At four o'clock the blackboard showed : — Hector Macinnis .. .. 1605 William H. Miall .. .. 1502 A great cheer burst from the assembly as these figures were chalked up, varied by a little hooting from Mr. Mall's supporters. Suddenly a tremendous cheer was heard from those assembled close to the shaft. It was so different from the other, so full of human rejoicing' and sympathy, that its meaning was at once conveyed to even those dullest of apprehension. The- explanation was soon given. Jack appeared on the brace. Then the enthusiasm of the multitude broke forth, and cheer . after cheer rang through the air, until the very hills reverberated. The miners whom Jack's timely warning had saved, rushed forward, and one after another grasped his hand in the wildest enthusiasm. There was only one face in in the huge host that became gloomy. Obadiah Sweetcomfort be stowed one glance of hate, ferocity, and fear upon Jack, and then, muttering to himself, sprang into the nearest cab. This action was not unnoticed. Obadiah had only just come np to communicate the state of the poll. :He had been, too busy all day, rounding up Hector's supporters, to -think of Jack. \ . . Jack's heart rose as he saw the thousands of faces around him, all beaming with satis faction at his escape. Hunger and weariness were forgotten, and, waving his hand, he ad dressed them: — 'Men of Grit, I will never forget this occasion. The terrible danger I have under gone, death, and all its terrors are compen sated by this ready .and earnest sympathy. It is on such- occasions that we forget the petty jealousies and meanness of life, and -become brothers in reality. Let me thank my fellow miners for the noble manner in which they exerted1 themselves to save me, sparing nothing — not even then: lives. And what they have done for me, I, yes, and everyone here, would do for them !' Amidst cheer after cheer Jack was placed upon the shoulders of four men, and a pro cession formed. HaUam, the bandmaster of Grit, was present. He had been all day play ing with his men for Hector Macinnis at the Patriot; but the moment he found that Jack had been saved, he sent a cabman post haste for his band. Just as the procession neared the hospital, which lay in its route, the band met them. 'HaHnm at once set himself at its head, and soon the air rang with the stirring'' strains of ?' See the Conquering Hero Comes.' It was a stirring spectacle ; the moving crowd of enthusiastic, cheering people; the gay uniforms of the band, and the rescued miner, placed on high 'above his fellows, his eyes gleaming with the light of pleasure. Just as they came to the hospital gates the head doctor rushed out, and made his way to Jack. All respected the man, and. the pro cession at once halted. The doctor shook Jack's hand warmly, and- congratulated him. on his escape. 'A poor woman, who was illused hist night by the crowd at the Patriot, and who is dying,' ' jsaid the doctor, ' has been asking for you all the morning. We thought she was dead. When & warder rushed in with the news that you were saved, and then the woman roused herself, and passionately entreated that you would come to her. Her name is Bridget O'Began.' Jack's face changed. Memories of . that awful scene in the large room of the Patriot, where he knocked down Dr. Roftse, came into his mind. Glancing towards the valley, he could see the spot where his unfortunate mother lay. Could this woman know any thing about this terrible mystery -which en shrouded his parent's, death? He distinctly remembered the hesitation with which she gave her evidence 'at the inquest. He ?would go in and see her. , ? The crowd made no objection. The band stopped . playing, and Jack walked into the hospital with the doctor. It did not take them long to reach the room in which Bridget lay dying. Her eyes -were fixed earnestly upon the door as they entered. Her face lit up with a wild joy when she saw Jack. He came up to her bed, and took her hand. What a change had come over this woman since he knew her first 1 He recollected her when she was a' fine, buxom woman, the happiest and gayest of the wives of Grit. And now? Well, well, how the demon, Drink, had changed her. He remembered his own motherj and the tears came into his eyes. ..-, ? She looked at him; she saw the tears, and from her own orbs, fast clouding hi the night of death, the drops of human feeling came. ' I wish to spake to him alone,' she feebly murmured; and the doctors and the attendants went. out, leaving Jack and this poor creature alone, save the other patients, who turned round their weary heads to look at Jack, who was known to most of them. What passed between Jack and the dying woman no one knew. A few minutes after the warders left the room Jack came out. His face was flushed, his eyes glistened, and a wild excitement appeared to pervade his frame. ' Ton can go in now,' he said, ' She is ?dead.' CHAPTER XXTT. \- A great crowd had gathered before the court house of Grit. It was a strange building that; formed, of couiee, of dingy red bricks. It would have puzzled the most learned archi tect to understand its order, unless lie charac terised it as the brickdusty disorder. The leading residents were gathered on the bal cony, anxiously waiting for Dr. Rouse, who was to declare the state of the poll. In the distance, but every moment coming nearer, the strains of the band sounded. To Hector ? and his friends it seemed a triumphal march. ' The band was just turning thecorner of the narrow street that led up to the court house, or town hall — for it served both purposes — when a great cheer announced the appearance of the principal actors. Dr. Rouse came for ward, followed by Hector Macinnis, Mr. MiaU, Bunakum, and the rest. The assemblage were somewhat puzzled to . hear the crowd further down the street cheering in a different strain, while the band struck np ' Jack's the Lad.' ' Gentlemen,' said Dr. Rouse, amidst the noise, ' it is my duty now to declare the state of the poll. It is — Hector Macinnis .. .. 2051 William Miall .. .. 1675.' Here his voice was drowned in a tre mendous roar of voices, the feeble efforts of the opposition to 'groan being rendered in effective. It was Uke the growling of a bassoon amidst the din of an orchestra .when iihecUmax-is reached. -; -..?.- ? ' :.'-. 'I therefore declare Hector Macinnis duly elected.' ~ .- . With a bright eye and a smiling face, Hector Macinnis stepped forward, his appear ance in front being greeted with cheer upon cheer. Bunakum waved bis hand for silence, and Hector was on the point of addressing the assemblage, when the stillness was broken ?by a shout, so tremendous that it fairly shook the building, and a thousand voices were raised at the same moment, crying — ' Jack is saved I' Hector Macinnis looked straight before him, and the triumph died out of T»« eyes, the color out of his ' cheeks, as he saw Jack mounted on th£ shoulders of the miners. A sort of film seemed to .gather before him, the building appeared to totter, the figures on the poll board were blotted out, and in their place appeared a terrible, distorted face that seemed to mock Tiinij and to burn into his soul. He staggered back into the arms of Obadiah Sweetcomfort. . CHAPTER XXTTT Fading dream of love, Fatal dream of gold, Hocking shades that bring Grief and pain untold ; Gilded baubles bright, Sun-touched mists deceiving, Vanishing in air, Disappointment leaving ! Sprung Uke a vision of night, Out of the swamp near the river, Prosperous, sunny, and bright, Growing for ever and ever ! Two years have gone since Hector Macinnis started back at the town hn.H of Grit, when he beheld the vision of the resuscitated, when his dreams of grandeur and peace were thrust aside, and the reality of another struggle with the shadow of his life was photographed upon his brain. The scene is not in Grit. ? The roar of the steam engines, and the clatter of the stampers have passed away, and we are in the street of Bourke, in the city of Melbourne. Night has fallen, and myriads of lights have sprung up on every side until an artificial day is created, unhealthy and glaring. Streams, of people pass up and down the .glittering thorougfare as restlessly as the 'spectres in the Hall of Eblis. : ' ' ? Three gay young men, faultlessly dressed, were passing up the street towards the great unfinished building which fOarmg to be the seat of Government. J Among these was the hero of our story, Jack. ' He was very dif ferent in appearance, however, to the young shepherd and miner of our acquaintance. Dressed in a well-fitting suit, he looked a fine, tall gentleman. TTis well-turned limbs, grace ful carriage, and handsome face would have earned him the approbation of even the most fastidious. He had filled out and rounded so well that he was a most unexceptionable per son now, one made to love and to be loved. His face was full and fairly bearded, and his eyes sparkled with their old happy light. No one would have dreamed that he had been a shep herd and a miner, except, indeed, if they looked at his hands, which showed that he had worked. But in a democratic country that was nothing. The party had just arrived in the city from Grit. Jack had never seen Melbourne, or any great city. However, he tried to look as if he had lived in town all his life. This, though, was very difficult, for every step he took a new wonder appeared. He thought Grit a great place, but it was nothing to this city. And so he sauntered on amidst the bewildering crowd, sticking pretty closely, however, to his companions, who had been to town before. And yet he had a steady-purpose in view. He had been suceessf ul, and now thought that he could finally aspire to Bertha's hand. Bertha lived with her father in the city, and he had i not seen her since that eventful day when he bade farewell to her in the park at Grit. But there was another object that caused him to visit Melbourne. 'Where are the Parliament Houses?' he asked, as they passed the Theatre Royal, and his companions made a stand. . ' Oh, a long way up the street,' replied Bill Mynn, a gay broker. ' Who's going to bother themeelves about that humdrum place to-night. Why, here's ilykp the Flibertin going on at. the Royal ; lots of legs, sparse attire, and any quantity of dancing and music.' ' Who's going up there,' said Joe Jolliboy, with a laugh, 'to listen to prosy old buffers, when there's so much life to be seen. Why, we haven't visited any place yet1; there's the Megatherium, the Gay Mabille, and lots of others.' ? ' I'm going to the Houses of Parliament;' said Jack, quietly. ' Don't you know that the great event of the year takes place to-night. There is the discussion on the vote of confid ence in the M'Calvin ministry.' . ; 'Ah ! yes,' said Joe, ' so there is. ? There'll be - some fun, no doubt. Hector Macinnis speaks for the opposition to-night, and he'll make it hot for old M'Calvin.' * 'Anyhow, I don't see much difference,' said Bill ; ' it seems to me that the country's bound to be governed by the Macs or the O's. However, I'll go with you, and to-morrow night we'll do the town.' ' What if they telegraph for us ?' said Joe. ' I don't know,', was the reply of Jack. ' I don't feel inclined to return to Grit for a fort night.' ' What'll Maggie say ?'. A dark shade passed over Jack's face. .' You'd better leave that alone,' said Bill ; ' Jack doesn't care about it.' Without speaking any more, the three young men moved up Bourke-street until they reached the front of the Parliament buildings. Jack gazed with curiosity on the strange black pile, from the narrow windows of which gleamed the gaslight, contrasting with the deep gloom of the surrounding gar dens. Out of the roar and rush of Bourke street they passed into the comparative quietude of the Parliament reserve. A knot of rather seedy-looking persons were gathered around the unfinished front of the dismal, gaol-like building. Two or three policemen kept guard over these patriots. ' There's no show of getting in,' said Bill, ' money's refused at the doors.' ' I don't know about that,', said Joe. ' If I can get hold of old Mumbles, I'll bet five to one we get in. He daren't refuse such influ ential electors. Old Mumbles was Hector's colleague, and he was kept in frig place out of pity for the old ,man, who in his time had been useful. He lived now only to please his constituents, doing exactly what they bid him, thinking as they thought, and receiving from them suf ficient money in a number of ways. Joe judged rightly that he would not dare to refuse them admittance. ' Can't get-in, gentlemen,' said the door keeper, a stalwart son of the Green Isle. 'We want to see Mr. Mumbles,' said Jack, coolly. ' I don't know if he's in the house,' was the reply, although the doorkeeper had just caught a glimpse of Mr. Mumble's, unkempt hair when he was ushering in an influential elector. ' Give him these cards if he is,' said Joe. The doorkeeper looked daggers at the party, but took the cards, and put them into a sort of lift, shouting _ through a tube to the to the messenger above. In a few minutes a stentorian voice was heard. ' Gentlemen who sent to Mr. Mumbles come nP-' . The doorkeeper's demeanor at once changed, and^ with assiduous politeness, he showed the party up stairs, much to the chagrin of the assembled .crowd of .less influential indi -viduals;--wiid would have almost perilled their souls to have heard the debate. A place for the party was found by one of the attendants with great difficulty, at the solicitation of Mr. Mumbles, who had him self come forth to do the honors. When Jack had squeezed himself between two apoplectic patriots, he had time to look around and take in the scene. There is a strange, inexplicable feeling when a man first enters into a place which he has read of, and looked upon as being too great and grand for him ever to see. It was, therefore, with awe that Jack glanced at the assembled wisdom of the colony. There they sat — row upon row — intently listening to the utterance of a distinguished lawyer, who was laying down the points in controversy. But the assemblage disappointed Jack. They had their hats on, just as if they were at a restaurant; a portion were stretched at full length on the seats, some had their legs cocked up over the cushions, and others were engaged in a somewhat disrespectful conver sation. On the whole he was disenchanted. He could not help smiling at the ' old woman ' ' who sat in the chair, a most amiable looking person. Jack thought he would have to be amiable, considering the vapid talk he had to listen to throughout the session. Jack, too, glanced at the gallery where the reporters were husy taking down the words that flowed from the lips of the great Hicklebother. That gentleman sat down amidst applause. ' Now U's to come,' said the fat gentleman on Jack's right. . ' Macinnis is going to close up the debate, and then, after M'Calvin has replied, the vote will be taken.' The blood rushed to Jack's face, his frame trembled, and his clenched hands grasped the back of the form in front, his gaze concentrated upon the man he hated so intensely. With a haughty and confident air, Hector Macinnis .rose, and after going to the table and- taking a drink of trater, he glanced over his notes. He had greatiy changed. Not only 'was his dress superior to what it used to be, but he had improved in every way; indeed he could almost be called a handsome man. His face had become interesting and intellec tual, and as he did not toil at night, the wearied owl-like expression of countenance so peculiar to him in the old times,' was'no more. In every lineament of his face were stamped power, confidence and hope. He was a new man.. ' Jack looked' at him, and shut his mouth, as if he were restraining himself. -. Even invoice, the man had improved. His speech was tolerably free from that harshness which had militated in the past so much against his success as a- public speaker. Practice in debate had enabled him to con dense his matter, and it was a pleasure to listen to the cool, quiet manner in which he met every argument brought forward by the M'Calvin side, the more solid matter being enlivened by graceful, cutting sarcasm. As he spoke, the faces of that party became very elongated, while those of hia-own men shone with delight. Argument after argu ment was disposed of by him with perfect ease, interspersed with telling sarcasm, and after he had refuted everything that had been brought forward in favor of the expiring Ministry, he began to heap up charge after charge against them, until old M'Calvin fairly felt himself sinking into his boots. . ' Sir,' said Hector as he prepared to con clude his speech, 'if, after what I have advanced against these gentlemen, who have held power in this country under false pre tences, this House continues them in their offices to trifle with the rights and liberties of the people — ' He had first glanced at the speaker, then at the Ministerial benches, and now he directed his gaze to the corner, where his eye met full that of Jack, who was staring at him in a sort of wild stupor. Instantly Hector Macinnis stammered, his face became suffused, his head swam, and he staggered. Afteria, few seconds of hesitation, he turned to the':table and took up a glass of water. His hand trembled, his frame shivered, and the glass fell from hjs hand, and was broken into a thousand pieces. There was a stem joy in Jack's face, as he noted the effect his presence had upon his enemy. He was glad that he had been able to be present, to dash a drop of bitterness into the cup of his gladness. This, too, was con firmation strong of the thoughts that had been in his mind ever since that day when he had conversed with the dying woman in the hospital, of Grit. His face grew darker and darker as he gazed upon the statesman of the future. The House wondered at Hector's conduct. The old gentleman in the chair gave a feeble sort of start— he. had been sleeping with his eyes open for some time. M'Oalvin stared. Hector's party looked astounded, and one or two started up as if to assist him. The reporters were glad of the'few minutes' cessa tion, as it enabled them to put a finishing ?touch to their notes. (To becontin&ed.;) 