Bush Oddities. HAVE you, during your life-time, ever seen one who kept himself surrounded with mystery? And have you ever felt a desire to unravel that mystery! Most people have had a mysterious neighbour, who rejected all advances to become acquainted, no matter in what form the advances were made. Each one of us has within a sort of "Holy of holies," in which he keeps safely hidden from all observation, a skeleton, which he guards with much greater care than he would the great moun- tain of light, the "Kohinoor," were he its for- tunate possessor. But then, this skeleton has grown with him, and is known only to himself, and is so safely stowed away that he rarely thinks of it. This is not the sort of mystery to which I allude. There are some foolish people who affect a mysterious manner on purpose to attract atten- tion. Of such silly clowns I have nothing to say. And others are mysterious because they have something preying upon their minds, some- thing of which they are ashamed and of which they are continually thinking. They always seem to be on their guard, lest a slip of the tongue betray them, and lay their secret bare. Each one, car- rying this burden on his mind, seems, as he journeys through life, to have some Foul misdeeds of former times, Wring with remorse his guilty breast; And ghosts of unforgiven crimes Murder his rest. Amongst the latter I class Crooked Riley, the subject of the present paper. When I first made his acquaintance he was a tall, lean, gaunt, old man, with a dark complexion 'and sharp features. He stood six feet high, in his sinuous form, but I am sure if all the curves could have been taken out of his body and bones, he would have measured six feet five or six. I do not believe there is a figure in geometry but a corresponding one could have been found in Riley. His hair was closely cut, with the exception of two "lone locks," which he wore in front of each ear. His beard was always a stubble; I never saw him clean-shaved, and am rather inclined to believe that, if he did shave, it was after the fashion of the aborigines, viz., with the end of a firestick. Crooked Riley had, when I first knew him, no known place of abode, but picked up his living on the stations in our neighbourhood. He worked for no master; always had a pound in his pocket; rode a good style hack, always had a dirty, blue, well-worn blanket in front of him; sometimes one end of it would be trailing on the ground, and if his horse happened to tread on it, Riley would draw it up and fasten the loose end to the crupper. The age at which Riley had arrived would have led one to believe that he had given up having anything to do with young horses, es- pecially as all the angles he had about him were the result of bad usage he had had from colts. Still the did man loved young horses, and was mostly mounted on one. He took great care of his horses and, when saddling, would keep up a continual chat, just as a mother would to her baby. I have often, when camped out, seen him cover his horse with his own blanket and sleep by the fire without any covering for himself, and this, too, on cold frosty nights. He would never allow any one to see him mount a colt, but would lead him away from the station into the bush, or down the steep bank of a creek or gully, and the next time you saw Riley would be when he was mounted and talking away to his horse. Having noticed this, I determined to watch and see him mount, and only on one occasion was I successful. I had stayed at the station all night, and was going away in the morning, when I saw him up to his waist in water in the river getting on a very restive colt. But then he could not always find sufficient depth of water to impede the actions of his horse; and how he did then will, I suppose, always remain a mystery to me. Riley had one companion to whom he, I think, used to unburden his mind, but that friend was dumb, and so not likely to tell what he heard again. With every one else the old man was distant and reserved. If you questioned him about his past he would suddenly become silent, and ever after keep you at a safe distance, just as a man would a snake that he was afraid to kill. The companion to whom I allude above was a yellow dog that he called "Smoker." Smoker was something like his master—he did not like to be too intimate; he would not even wag his tail when you called him by name in a caressing voice; if you offered him a piece of beef he would not eat it—possibly he thought it might be poi- sonous. If Riley gave him a piece he would eat it, but would not acknowledge the bounty. It must have been a very wise dog, for his head was always hanging down, as if in deep medita- tion. I have many times seen the old man send his dog to bring him his horse, which was feeding near with the bridle trailing on the ground. Smoker would quietly take the bridle in his mouth and try to lead the horse, which would possibly resist (if he did not know Smoker) and pull back. The dog would let the bridle go, then make for the horse's heels and give him a smart nip, after which he would catch the bridle again. I have seen him thus engaged for over half-an- hour, teaching the horse to lead, and never knew him to fail. When hunting horses, if Riley lost the track, he would turn back to where he had started them, and send Smoker on the trail. The way that dog would travel on the scent, while on good, open, level ground, was astonish- ing, but immediately the ground became broken and mountainous he would slacken his pace to a trot and keep looking back to see if his master were following. This was Riley's constant com- panion, and a more faithful one could not be found anywhere; he could tell no tales—so the old man seemed to love him the more. In spite of all Riley's strange ways, few were made more welcome than he on the stations about.. He knew more of the horses on the different runs than all the stockmen put together. If you had lost a horse, see Riley, and if he were not stolen Riley could tell you where he was to be found. If he knew you well, and had a good opinion of you, he would sometimes spend a day or two with you and assist to get your horses. His assistance was well worth having, and many a wrinkle some of us young ones learned from him. After we had been acquainted about three years, Riley made an offer to assist me to get some horses of mine that had gone astray, and were running with the wild ones. We agreed to meet at an old sheep station on Bora Creek, a tribu- tary of the Manilla River. The hut was built on the slope of a stony ridge facing a large black-soil flat. An old yard, that stood on the flat, had been kept in repair by chance visitors, for their own convenience. Close by the hut ran Bora Creek; it had always a good supply of water, but was in no part very deep, excepting at the Rocky Water hole, where the stream flowed over a rock and fell about 26 feet into a basin it had worn at the bottom. The water in this basin was very clear and cool, being shaded by the high mountains. It was 10 or 12 feet deep, and in summer time was a very pleasant bath. The banks of the creek about here are covered with green wattles, which grow to a great size, and throw a large, deep shade, under which horses and cattle camp during the day. It was a beautiful, clear summer evening when I rode down to the old station to meet Riley. The sun had set in the valley, but was still lingering on the tops of the mountains around for half-an- hour after their shadows had fallen on the hut and its solitary inhabitants. With the shades of evening came silence over the valley, and no- thing, as I rode down to the hut, gave token of life. Old Bora Ben Bernand, the shepherd there (he delighted in calling himself three B's), had his sheep in the fold and was having a quiet smoke in the but when I rode down. He informed me that he had had not seen Riley for five or six weeks. "But," said Ben, "if he promised to meet you, he will turn up to-night, sometime, as I know he thinks a great deal of you." I took the saddle off my horse, add hoppled him out, after having secured my coacher horses that I had brought with me, as decoys for the wild ones, in the yard. We had just sat down to tea when Riley put in an appearance. "So, uncle," said he, "I see you are here be- fore me." After tea, we discussed some "Old Tom" that I had brought, knowing that it was Riley's par- ticular tipple. We then chatted until the small hours of morning stole on us, when Old Ben brought in some dried sheepskins with the wool on, which Riley and I divided. Next morning, at daylight, we were all up and after our saddle horses, which we soon found. Old Ben had boiled the billy, so we had breakfast and started for our day's hunting, promising to be back at night. I let the horses out of the yard, and Riley rode in the lead to pilot the way to where the lost horses were to be found. After we had gone about five miles Riley made a signal to me to stop. So we returned for our coachers, which we drove close to the wild ones, and then let them feed quietly up. As soon as the wild ones saw them, they came up to see what the strangers were like, when we showed ourselves. The two lots of horses being boxed, there was a little con- fusion for a short time; then the wild horses made a start for off, but, whichever way they started they found one of us in their way to turn them back. They fretted and fumed for a long time, but finally settled down, and, as evening was closing in, we determined to start for Bora, which we reached just before dark, when we se- cured the horses in the old yard. We had a very successful day's hunt, and had got besides three brumbies (unbranded horses), which are considered the property of anyone who can catch them. This method of catching wild horses I have always found best, preferable to running them to a yard, as, in the latter method, you knock your saddle-horse about, and stand a fair chance of crippling him; besides, when you come to the yard, you sometimes have great trouble in getting the wild horses in, and often lose them after a very long chase. The night at the hut passed much the same as the previous one; and Riley and I promised to have another day out on the morning. Next day, while hunting round for what we could find, Riley left me, saying he would be back in a short time. After being absent about an hour, he returned with a bottle of square-faced gin, which he had planted in a tree about five months previously. After indulging in two or three nips from the bottle, we were more inclined to talk than work. And we followed the bent of our inclinations. To- wards evening Riley told me to make for the hut and he would join me on the way. I started at once and reached the old hut and put my horses in the yard. But I saw no more of Riley for three months. Next morning I took my horses home and commenced to break in my three brum- bies, two of which turned out well, and became good stock horses. The last time I saw Riley he called at my place to swop a black horse he had for a chestnut I had running in Bora. The swop was made, and I let Riley have the black horse to ride away on his, promising to return it in a few days. However, I never saw him or the horse again, as he sud- denly disappeared from amongst us; as his com- ing had been so was his going. When he came, no one knew where he came from; what or who he was remains a mystery. It was rumoured that he came from Adelaide, and had a wife and family there. When it became known that he had gone away it was said an old gentleman in South Australia, who had lost horses, of which Riley knew some- thing, had died. He had cast the shadow on Riley'a life, and as Riley felt no further fear, he had gone home to .bis wife, after an absence of 25 years. This is the manner in which they accounted, in our neighbourhood, for Riley's reticence about the past. I never (and I knew Crooked Riley as well as any man in the district) heard a word of this from him, and am, therefore, inclined to think it was all mere conjecture, and that no one was ever taken into Riley's confidence. Old Bora Ben, who was most intimate with Riley, often told me he did not know what to think; he could not sum him up at all. So Riley went from amongst us, no one know- ing the time of his going or coming, or aught else about him; and he kept his secret to himself to the end as far as we were concerned. 