The Advertiser TUESDAY, MAY 23, 1882. MB. RITCHIE and Mr. Staveley Hill, the leading advocates of what is called "Fair Trade" in England, have not been suc-<*> cessful in their attempt to induce the House of Commons to sanction even so email a measure as an enquiry into the conn-arath-c merits of their ideas, and those so ably expounded by Cobdeo and Dright and other economists of the old school. Air. Ritchie with somewhat more of zeal than discretion moved formally on March 22, "That a select committee of the House of Com mons should be appointed to enquire into the effects which the tariffs in force in foreign countries have upon the principal 1 unnches of British trade juid commerce, ?nd into the possibility of removing by lejjislaiidnorotherwise anyiui|iedhnent to the fuller development ?f the in:uiufactur iiigand commercial industry of the United Kingdtim." Tlie main ;u-gumeiit of Mr. Kitchie and his su]>p.>rters was that free trade as a principle liad signally failed ; that Knglish goods were excluded by pro hibitive duties front foreign markets, while foreign ?<hhU could be sold more cheaply in EtigLuid than tJi.ise of British manufacture, the English ]>ro duct-r Wing thus placed at an immense disadvantage. Tliey grew quite pathetic as tliey si>oke of England as a ountry which l>y in?t protecting itself w:is gradually losing its trade and mining its uiamifacturersi. They lamentingly be wuiled tiie fact that England as a free trading country could never *'put the scivw on " other natimis when any trade depi-ession rendeivd such an operation a teiuj>ora.rv remedy, while isolated almost among tuitions by her tiscal policy she was bound under such circumstances to accept any commer cial conditions her protecting neighbors chose to impose. Mr. Staveley Hill mournfully quoted Sir John Macdonald, the Canadian premier, with the view of inducing the House to believe that if a duty were but levied in England on all grain coming from other countries than British colonies, Australia and Canada might enjoy the monopoly of the grain market in England. To add enchantment to the view he intimated that if such duties were imposed Canada, at any rate, would be willing to take ofl' certain imposts now levied in that colony on English goods. Mr. Ritchie quoted columns of figures in ordt-r to prove that fz?e trade Imd injuriously affected England. Pau perism had, he maintained, increased in undue projMtrtion to the popu lation, and so also had emigration, esj>eeially from Ireland. He even dragged in an assumed decrease in the con sumption of tea, tobacco, and spirits, na a sign tliat Britain was retro giadiug in prosperity on account of its fiscal policy. Hut like' all advocates of fair trade, Mr. Ritchie repudiated any idea of desiring the adoption of a policy of protection. He expressed a belief that protection was not only impossible but inconsistent with the position he assumed impossible because he did not believe tha a single large industry would benefit by it and inconsistent because he was satisfied tiiat it was upon foreign trade the pro aperity of the country cliietly depended He further added tltat neither manufac turers nor the working-classes wanted protection. Mr. Ritchie, in fact, protested too much to suit his own cause. Of course, in his opinion, there is a difference be tween retaliatory duties and protective imposts ; but he admitted that neither the largest producers or the greatest consumers in Great Britain had auy desire to return to protection, and thereby he cut the ground from under his feet. The reply was fittingly entrusted to Mr. Cltawberlain aud Mr. Gladstone. The president of the Board of Trade is a firm disciple of the old Birmingham political school, and he quite as effectively, if lws eloquently fchanMr. Gladstone, demolished the arguments of Mr. Ritchie and his supporters. He affirmed the utter usc lessness of such an enquiry as the member for the Tower Hamlets sought, urging with much force that enquiries into 'the state of trade always had the initial diffi culty that the witnesses who were for the most part forthcoming were discontented men who only had themselves to blame for the non-success of their commercial speculations. He ruthlessly stript off the veil with which Mr. Hill and Mr. Ritchie had covered theiridea, and made it standout clearly in its true character as noticing more nor less tlian the reanimated ghost of protection. H e showed that the United States, which had adopted the views of the advocates of fail- trade were commercially in a much worse position than England. The hitter, he pointed out, despite free trade, exported cotton goods to the value of £70,000,000 annually, of which £3,000,000 went to the United States, notwithstanding the restrictive tariff of that country; while America herself only exported cotton goods to the value of £2,000,000. Turning to shipping, he stated that statistics proved a marked decrease in the building of ships in America, the fall between 1850 and 1880 in that country having been no less than 115,000 tons, while in England during the same period the tonnage of vessels con structed had more than doubled. Mr. Chamberlain admitted that no doubt it would have been better for England, in some respects, had every country in the world followed her example and adopted free trade, but maintained that even as matters stood what the faiiiraders were pleased to term a one-sided system of trade was really the best for England, and that were other countries to adopt her policy, the practical effect might be a temporary depression of British commerce. Mr, Gladstone com pleted the demolition which Mr. Cham berlain had begun. He protested against Mr. Ritchie's resolution as an attempt to place in the hands of all the countries of the world an argument for protection which could only tend to the paralysation of international commerce, and an even tual fighting over again of the great struggle which agitated Europe thirty years ago. The Prime Minister waxed justly satirical as to the varying views of the advocates of the fairtrade dogma—how one desired a retaliatory duty on wines, another an iii>jx>st on foreign manufac tures and articles of food, and yet another one on raw material only. Towards the closing of his speech the House re echoed with laughter as he happily suggested that were Mr. Ritchie's motion for a committee of enqniry carried, a room within the tower of Babel would be a more appropriate site for their meet ings than anyplace within the precincts of the House of Commons. Hut the majority of the House, amra; which were to be reckoned ? go.xlly number of Conservatives, not only laughed with Btr. Gladstone but declined to follow their leader, Sir Stafford Northcote, into the division lobby with Mr. Ritchie. Conservatism and protection are no longer synonymous, and there is little doubt but that the majority of forty-nine against the motion of the member for the Tower Hamlets would have been yet more augmented from die ranks of the Opposi tion, but for the loyalty to patty which characterises its members. Ko one would attempt to deny that pauperism and emi gration have increased of late years in England, although it might be disputed whether the increase has, as Mr. Ritchie maintained, been out of due proportion to the increase of population. If such is the case, however, it is simply a gratuitous assumption to assign free trade as the cause. Statistics are, in fact, strongly against such a view. Waves of depression must sweep over every country sooner or later, and that such a wave is the cause of the augmented pau perism and- emigration in the United Kingdom is not difficult of demon stration. It would, however, be as ridi culous to argue from such a basis that the whole iiscal policy of the country must be changed in order to meet what is a mere temiiorary condition of atiairs as it would Ik? to assume because some winter flood lias broken tlirough a dyke it is useless to it-lMiir the rampart. There lias been a temporary increase of pauperism, but even the increased rate a is vastly below the pro- I>ortii>n to the population in the days of pit ?tection. There is abundant and incon trovertible evidence that the policy of free trade lias contributed immensely to the prosperity of Great Britain, and the acceptance by the House of Commons uf Mr. Richie's resolution would hare been useless in the face of that over v helming body of testimony. When the trade of Great Britain is calmly viewed in relation to that of other coun tries there is not the slightest cause for alarm. The vast increase of late years iu the clearings and entrances of shipping from British ports is a sure index of com mercial prosperity independently of the returns of imports and exports. Even Evenhad this not been the so, and were the gloomy views of Mr. Ritchie and his sup porters supi>orted by facts, and even if the recent agricultural depression were not decreasing as it is, England is to be congratulated on the result of the division. Ko causa even for enquiry was shown, and certainly none to justify the reversal of a policy which has stood the test of thirty years' experience, and under which the country has materially prospered. The plague of revolution still afflicts J-^ypt, whose condition is again desperate, and betrays the existence of a malcontent feeling alike deep-seated and chronic- Aflairs have again been going from bad to worse, and each successive day brings in telligence of a more and more disquieting character. The crisis is now at a perilous height. The situation is indeed one of grave complexity, demanding the utmost tact and prudenceon the part of those chiefly concerned in seeing matters set right in that most distracted country. Moral suasion tinctured by insistent diplomacy lias apparently failed to restore tranquil lity to the stricken land of the Pharoahs, The valley of the Nile continues to re. sound with the shouts of an insubordinate soldiery and the voiceful threats of a disaffected populace. It may be true that the native inhabitants generally are opposed to the latest acts of the National party, and are rallying round the Khedive, whose deposition is clamored for by the extreme .Nationalists. This is in a measure gratifying, yet after all it is poor consolation. The Khedive and his faithful subjects are manifestly uuable to cope with the military force and its adherents unless supported from without. The fgyptiaus caiuiot be left to dght it out amongst themselves, nor can they be pelmitted to molest fuieiguers who peace fully dwell in their midst. The disraiasaf of leading European officials has simply stimulated the Nationalists to demand the expulsion of all foreigners connected with the Government, and this desire is whetted by the incessant complaints of tlie native papers against foreign func tionaries. Of late indeed the joint control has been confined to a position of simple observation and the reporting of all events to the Government This piacticalabstentionfrotuactiveinterference haa evidently encouraged the hostile party to improve the occasion to the disad vantage of the obnoxious aliens. That this lias been done to some purpose is demonstrated by the alarm which has seized upon foreign residents, who hare fled in great numbers from the country* leaving others behind in a state of con siderable panic. For alt this Arabe Bey is to be held responsible to the Western Powers, the representatives of England and France having informed the Minister of War that to him they will look for the safety of the Europeans who remain in Egypt, sb wall as the security of Cha property of those who have left the country affrighted by the anti-European demonstrations. It is, moreover, a con tingent part of the programme of joint action agreed to by England and Fiance that if necessary Arabe?ey shall be seized. The ordering of the British and French fleets to Alexandria, where they are now anchored, indicates that a decisive step ha? been resolved upon by the two Powecs. It would clearly be highly impolitic to dally or palter any longer with a question which becomes more and more perplexing and aggravating. One way or another a settle mentofatoolong- protracted difficulty must be effected. All attempts to solve the problem by diplomacy have been con founded. England has had no inclination to embroil herself further than she has already done in Egyptian afiairs, but it has become impossible for her to play any longer the waiting and watch ing' game which has hitherto sufficed to protect her interests in a region of great importance to her imperial connec tions. The Bepublique Francois recently said that England's interests in Egypt were purely Asiatic, while the interests of France were distinctly Mediterranean. But if this distinction is to be accepted it simply proves that France has no interests whatever in Egypt, for whereas Egypt is England's road to India it is in no sense the road of France to the Mediterranean. The hesitating, vacillating, and shuffling policy of the Gladstone Government no doubt was calculated to embolden the French Government to take the whole business pretty much out of England's hands. It was stated only the other day that owing to the Khedive's action an agreement had been come to between ths Powers to substitute fialim Pasha for Tewfik, and to abandon tks principle of a Turkish. occupa tion. In such a case it was sig nificantly intimated that the initiative would be taken by France, who would send a force. Later news, however, dii. not confirm this. Speaking in the French Senate on May 10 M. de Freycinet saidthafc France and rang!and would ?wp"ihun the independence of Egypt, and that the Go vernments of the two countries were con sulting with the other European Power* as to the steps to be followed in the event of a rising taking place. Viewed in con nection with what has transpired in re ference to the Identical Note sent to the Porte on February 21 this is suggestive of a revival of the European concert in re spect to the afiairs of Egypt. The Iden tical Note was in reply to the answer given by the Porte to the Anglo-French declaration to the Khedive. It was an nounced that Austria, Germany, Italy, and Russia would strongly assert the prin ciple that no Power or Powers has or hare a right to interfere in Egyptian afiairs without "the concurrence of the great nations of Europe. It will be instructive to learn what actual bearing the recently established understanding between Ger many and Turkey has on this question. Meanwhile the British and French Go vernments could hardly waive their as serted right to address the Egyptian Government directly, though frankly acknowledging the Sultan's suzerainty in Egypt, and their concert was shown by the expedition of the combined fleets. Yet it is this the Porte resents and pro tests against. In denying that there is any necessity for a naval demonstration it may be presumed that the Porte is not co-operating with England and France; nay, as much may be concluded seeing that the Porte has addressed circulars to the Powers protesting against the demonstration. It is not easy, however, to disentangle the threads of this involved business; for in contradistinction to the facts just 6tated it is affirmed on the authority of the Times that in the event of force being applied it is the intention of the Western Powers to act with the Pultan and to land Turkish gendarmes at Alexandria, These apparently conflicting policies may somehow be reconciled, but the probability is that Turkey is not in unison with England and France on this occasion, but preferred to join them in their coercive proceedings to being ignored altogether. The circumstances which have directly led to the present crisis are pretty well known. Broadly stated the exacerbated difference between the Khedive and his bellicose Ministers is simply a fresh turn of the wheel in the Na tionalist revolutionary policy. ?" Egypt for the Egyptians" is the cry, with Tevfik as Khedive if possible, but with Arabe Bey in his stead if need be. jArabe bears a high character for strict integrity, yet it would be the ex treme of political unwisdom to allow him to become absolute master of the Egyptian situation. The attempt on his hie has been clearly traced to the instigation of Ismail Pasha, the ex-Khedive, whose partisans have been intriguing for his restoration. From Ismail's return the Sultan could expect little, for while Khedive he practically ignored the Porte. The substitution of Arabe Bey would avail as little. Ismail's deposition placed Egypt virtually in the hands of England and France, Retrenchment, never very popular anywhere, provoked discontent which the Sultan strove to turn to Turkish account. The army especially was ag grieved, and made its power felt by insist ing on the dismissal of the Riaz Ministry. This incident was quickly succeeded by the threatened intervention of .the Powers, by Tewfiik's submission to the Sultan, and by the latter expressing satisfaction with the status quo. The Sultan, however, had relied much on the Nationalists, yet numbers of them soon began to show their independence of Constantinople. As against foreign control the Nationalists, are agreed, but they fire divided as to whether they should acknowledge tha Sultan as against England and France, or whether they should aim entirely at autonomy. The success of either alterna tive ?would be disastrous to Egypt. The beneficial reforms already effected would never hare been carried out without foreign intervention, and nothing would be so apt to impede their further develop meat as the relegation of the task to Egyptians who are either incapable or cor rupt, or both. The legitimate rights of the National party are not only respected bat hare been or are being practically recog nised. Martial intimidation cannot hasten the accomplishment of what yet remains to be dune. The improved condition of Egypt is not to be bettered by the dominance of a military caste. Nevertheless, it will l>e matter for serious regret if aflkirs cannot lie again set right without the employ ment of armed force. Invkntiohb are following one another with marvellous rapidity at the present day, and this is especially the case with regard to contrivances for the preser vation of perishable articles of food. Large companies for the export of frozen meat, butter, fruit, and other cumesfibles have hardly begun to get their aflairs into working order before a new inventor busts on the world with a dis covery which bids fair to outrival, in point of cheapness, excellence, and infallibility, all the methods now in vogue for pre aerviiig meat on long journeys aud for a considerable space of time. The latest in this line is the well-known Professor Barff, and his discovery is a combination of chemicals to which he has giren the name of boro-glyceride. The professor claims to hare established its valuable properties by means of actual experiment. The compound is apparently simple in its manufacture. It consists inerely of boracic acid added to glycerine ia "certain proportions" which are not disclosed, when these ingredients are mingled at a high temperature tile result is a substance not unlike ordinary fat. Wheu it has arrived at tliis stage all that is necessary to make it ready for apjilication to the meat or other substance which is to be kept sweet and otherwise in good condition, is the addition of water in the proportion of about 50 times the weight of the com.- IKHiiid. It is said to have no taste, and not iii any way to affect that of the sub stance in which it ia placed. An experi ment was made some time ago to test tha truth of thia. Milk which was sold to about 300 persons .near London was treated with the new compound, and it not only aerved t$ keep the milk sweet, but the presence of the boro-glyceride ?was not detected. The professor when addrvssing a meeting recently at the chamber of the Society of Arts, proceeded to demonstrate the efficacy of bis invention by producing '* samples of meat which had been preserved by it for upwxuds of three months. These iu their raw state appeared all right, aud they ?also answered satisfactorily the more im portant test of taste. After the lecture the -various comestibles were cooked and found excellent They included beef stakes, lobsters, sausages, and oysters, which had been purchased nearly four months before. Jxone of these luscious morsels liad in the least lost their aroma or flavor. The next consideration that naturally arises is whether the process would be suitable for meat when carried on long sea-voyages. This has been satisfactorily proved also. Mutton which was sent to the Falkland Islands, and thence back to England; turtles, oysters, pigeons, and fresh fish, which were sent to t'.ie United Kingdom froni Jamaica, have all turned out to be in splendid condition. The cost of this mode of preserving meat, it would ap pear, is trifling. It is stated that the boro-glyceride can be manufactured and sold at the rate of one shilling per gallon. It fc not of course to be supposed that this new discovery will have the effect of supplanting all other means of food-'-reserving, but it is evident that the cr>rn]M>uiid is an extremely valuable one, and limy in time to come be largely used in tlit. export and import of food to and from these colonies. We do not know whether it has been received in this colony, Irat it has been spoken of in Queensland, and iu all probability will l*eft>2 e long be subjected to a trial there. The intelligence that the men arrested on j Loan! the steamship Kgypt were ordinary J stowaways, and not the murderers of j Lord Cavendish and Mr. Burke, though j it would not surprise any one, is exceed- I iiiglv disappointing. It indicates that I whatever information the police may have received it is not of such a character as to Itreveiit t?itm from being put upon a false scent, and the cliances of the ruffians ? iieing a)>le to elude detection are thus j iiierea>etl The only safisfactiou to be j derived from late news is that the police [ are on the alert. The erection of a inonu- ! ment to the murdered men is a very ! proper tiring; but it is not difficult to ! imagine the undiscovered murderers grimly ! rejoicing at the success of their plot, j wLicb hae thrown the nation into mourn- j ing and spread terror throughout the ; land, Trbile they look on in safety and see ' the fi uit of their conspiracy. Meanwhile ? the Irish question is again assuming a jierty a&pect; in Parliament, and there are ijjdiearioJH! that tlie effect of the first tidings <A the Phoenix Park murders in \ uniting xhe great parties of the House of Commctis iii common action is already ; beginning to pass away. The Irish Re- ! [>ression Bill was (jossed, as our telegrams intimated yesterday, only by a majority of 45\. Thie, considering the thrill of horror ' producer by the murders, and the almost universal demand made for effective and utunedtate dealing with the disturb ances in Ireland, must be regarded as- a very small majority. Together with other significant facts it suggests that the House of Commons has no great faith in the ability of Mi-. Gladstone's Ministry to grapple with the difficulty. The Bill provides for the substitution of a commis sion of judges instead of trial by jury, in distvuLed districts, domiciliary visits where suspicious persons or arms are believed to be harbored, the expulsion from the country of suspected foreigners, summary conviction of night prowlers, and the suppression of secret societies and inflam matory papers. It is not likely that tUea* measures are too stringent for the taste of the Conservatives, and yet tlie Go veijnaent only secured a majority of 45 in carrying them. The proposal to apply the surplus of the Irish Church Fund to the payment of arrears of rent is vigorously opposed by the Conservatives. Meanwhile the "no rent" agitation increases in violence aud determination in Ireland, and at the same "time combination among the landlords is liecoming more general, and evictions are the older of the day. Hie turning out of fanus and homes of hundreds of families, ? nnd exposing them to hunger and destitu tion, is a policy little likely to tend to the ' I?acincation o f the people and the restora- ! tion of order. Among the Irish party ? also there is dissatisfaction and dissension and late events have induced them to dis- . credit Mr. Parnell as not being extreme enough m lus demands, and to talk of ? superseding him in the leadership of tlie ' party by Mr. Dillon. The change if effected will not augur well for thecause of peace. Parnell is in all conscience bad enough, bat Dillon is worse. Look where ?ne will the prospect in regard to Irish affairs is gloomy in the extreme. The Government have decided not to an nomt at present, a successor to the late Mr. W.T.Sbeppard,dieAaditor-GetieraL They intend to await a further report from the finance commission. It is stated that it is probable a rearrangement of the Audit De- Vmtumai, may be recommended, as well as ti>e appointment, of commissioners instead of anAnditfir-GeoeraL The Government have under consideration the advisableness of enabling such of the public as may choose to do so to visit Farina without expense so Car as railway fares are concerned. It is possible that a special train may be run some time during next week. _ An English telegram, published this morn ing, announces the death of the Duke of Graf ton, at the age of 03. As the deceased nobleman died without issue, he will be succeeded by his brother, the Hon. Augustus Charles IjennoK Fitzroy, C.8., the father of Mr. Henry James Fitzroy, lately one of the judge's associates, in connection with the Supreme Court of this colony who is now heir presumptive to the estates and title. We learn that lieutenant Jervois will shortly resign the position of aid-de-camp to His Excellency the Governor, in order to return to England to rejoin his regiment. He will be succeeded by Major Bccles, of the Rifle Brigade (Prince Consort's Own), who is expected to arrive in the Peshawur next Saturday. Major Bccles has served with bis regiment for nearly twenty years, ! and is an experienced and excellent officer, and very popular in the regi | ment. When offered hie present appoint ment Major Ecclea was serving with the Lit Battalion Rifle Brigade at Poonah, and im mediately left for England to prepsre to take up his dutiesand obtain the sanction of ELR. H. ibe Field-Marshal Commanding-in-Chief to his doing so. Major Socles is a first-rate all-round cricketer and famous slow bolder. Returns have been received by the hon. secretary of the Bible in State Schools Society from about 250 schools. The majority of the ; parents in favor of daily Bible reading and teaching is upwards of V to 1 at present. An executive meeting of St. Patrick's Society was held on Monday evening. May 22, to consider who were the candidates for the Legislative Council worthy of support and interest. The meeting was adjourned till Wednesday. One by one the links connecting the present with the past are disappearing. It has been decided to discontinue the bring of the 12 o'clock gun. This primitive mode of announc ing^ the time has long since lost its utdity, and now the report at noon-day, which at one time was such a fam Oar sound, will be a thing of the past. A public meeting was held at the Dublin Hotel on Friday evening, May 19, to ducius the desirability of forming ? public reading room and library in the township. It was successful, and several gentlemen offered their services to forward the movement, which if carried out will be a great boon, as there is nothing of the sort in the district. A meeting of the friends and supporters of Mr. A. Harvey was held at the Royal Oak Hotel, O'ConneH-street, North Adelaide, on Monday evening. May 22. Mr. J. Mackenzie in the chair. Mr. Baldwhuon said he had known Mr. Harvey for fourteen years, and proposed him as a fit and proper person to represent them in the .Legislative Council, The motion was seconded by Mr. Robert I Walker, supported by Messrs. Tfaumton. Smith, Liatforth, G. Bickle. and several 1 others, and carried unanimously. Messrs. Elder, Smith, ft Co. have received a London telegram announcing sales of the following Sooth Australian wools, viz.:— Gum Creek at llgd., crossbred at 9id.; Oulnina at Bsd.; Hughes's Paddocks at lOfd.; DC over Tongala at la. OW.; PMWatls.: ECSatUjd.; JBoverTeriinjt??tUJ4.; JB lin diamond over Gara at 11 Jd.; PM over ! Kappawanta at lid.; AM over E at Sid.; do. over Boyal at lOli; PM over Bramtfeld at lOd.; Hiltruby at 9dL; YJ over 800l coomatta at 8.W.; Artemar at 91<L per Ib.: and?elianast'Sd. We have received the sample of the wheat Mr. E. Hiemann in his letter which appeared in Monday's Advert uer spoke about as having been supplied by the Farmers' Association to distressed selectors for seed. It is all our correspondent described it, unfit for milling even. It is full of English oata. wild otits, barley, drake, and smut; in fact, it is only fit for fowls or pigs. How such stuff came to be distributed as wheat purchased with money i collected for the seed wheat relief fund u a mystery that should be fully enquired into. t There has been great bungling or fraud some- I where, I The Full Court sat on Monday at the Supreme Courthouse. In the matter of Harvey v. the Adelaide and Hindmarsh [ Tramway Company and others, in which judgment had been reserved as to the question of costs. His Honor Mr. Justice Boucaut delivered judgment, awarding the plaintiff one-half of the taxed costs of his surfc The case of Dobbie v. Martin, an action with reference to an alleged infringement of the plaintiff's patent rights to manufacture and -sell a seed-sower in the colony, was then pro ceeded with. When this case was brought before the Chief Justice some weeks ago a nonsuit was entered on one point, but leave was given to the plaintiff to move the Full Court upon it. Counsel having finished their arguments somewhat late in the afternoon, the court adjourned until Thursday next. Mr. Ernest D. Stocks, the Victorian artist, who last year m <*nahled to dispose of a number of his excellent pictures by art union in South Australia, has again arrived in Adelaide with some twenty-nine water-color gems that he intends submitting to public favor by the same process. They are hnng in Flinders-street, m Mr. A. S. Moltoirt gallery, and will well bear inspection. The pictures are supplemented by a large number of photographs of colonial scenery, so that each subscriber obtains a prize. Many of the pictures are of local interest, and all bear the impress of truth to nature and great artistic skill in working out the details. They include views of—The Splitter** Falls, OapeOtway; Bogong Ranges, Victoria; On the Moorabool, Victoria; Cono?ay, Gee long; Govetfs Leap (the two falls), E.&.W.; Mount Tarra, Gippsland; Buchan Bocks, Gippsland: Kangaroo Island and Backstairs Passage; Campaspe River, Victoria; Mount Abrupt; Blue Lake, Mount Gambier; The Valley Lakes, Mount Gambier; Victor Har bor, from Rosette Head; Victor Harbor (looking seaward); Mount WilUam, Gram pians; Towards Hindmarsh, from North Adelaide; Reservoir, BaUarat: Lake Coo rtrog (moonlight); Lake Tyera; Scar MagflL Before a Storm: Eric the Bed; Gum Tree, near Mitcham: Port Jackson. N.8.W.; Towards Broken Bay, M.8.W.; Manly Beach, Pacific Ocean ; Hawkesbury River, K.S.W.; Careening Point, Port Jackson; From Kortli Harbor; Van River, S.S.W. The Wellington (K.Z.) correspondent of tha Soutfdand Time* telegraphed on the 2&h; April:—" The police intend laying an infor mation against Captain Orr, of the English barque Peru, which sailed for London a day or two ago, charging him with having taken a prisoner from the custody of a detective. The circumstances connected with the case are of a peculiar nature. Detective Chryatai pro ceeded on board the barque just as she was about to sail for London, armed with a war rant for the arrest of the cook, who, it was clothes. The detective went in search of bis man, and was successful in finding him, with the articles said to have been stolen. On re gaining the deck, however, he was surprised to find that the Peru was under way, and steering for the Heads, and that the boat in which he bad gone off to the barque was nowhere to be seen. -After the vessel had cleared the Heads Chrystal remonstrated with the captain, who replied that he in tended *?H"fr him to England. To this the detective objected, and intimated that unless the captain put him ashore he would jump overboard and attempt to swim to land. Seeing that he was in earnest Captain Orr agreea to put him ashore, but would not allow him to take the cook with him. The detective landed about six miles from town. This action of the captain has led to the information being laid, and it will be served on him should he again visit the colony. The authorities intend to bring the matter under the notice of the owners ofthe barque Peru." On Monday evening- Msy 22, a banquet was given to Mr. J. M. Wendt, who is about to leave for Europe, at Beach's restaurant. Hindiey-street, by a number of his personal friends and employes. There were about forty gentlemen present, and Mr. S. Solomon occupied the chair, being supported oa the right by the guest of the evening (Mr. J. M. Wendtf, and on the left by Mr. EL r! Wendt. The vice-chair was occupied by Mr. J. Schomburgh, who was supported on the right by Mr. C. Fahlbuscfa, and on the left by Mr. Jerger. After an excellent repast, provided in Mr. Beach's well known style, had been disposed of, the chairman proposed the usual loyal toasts. The rfiai?^ in pro . MrTWendt and his family would greatly enjoy their trip to England, and that they would return in good health to South Australia. Mr. Wendt bad been in the colony a great many years, and he thought that he now deserved a rest. He then hnnriftii Mr. Wendt a handsomely framed address in book form on behalf of the employes of the establishment. The toast was drunk in bumpers, and with musical honors. Mr. Wendt, in responding, said he thanked the employes for their address, and honed the same pleasant relations would continue to exist between them. Most of them had been connected with the establishment for periods ranging from ten to twenty years, and daring the whole of that time nothing but goodwill had existed. The Rev. Mr. Homier pro posed—''Mr, Wendt and family and Miss Koeppen," and Mr. H. B. Wendt Desponded. Mr.X. Lrechen proposed "He Employes," and Mr. S. Kiesding responded. Several othtjr toasts followed, inrlmHfg the V South 'Australian Quartz IWiniwpr Company at Temora," of the directorate of which Mr. Wendt is chairman. During the evening several vocal and instrumental selections were rendered and added greatly to the enjoy ment of the evening. A meeting of the Fountain Head Gold Mining Company is to be held at Mr. A. F. Soammell's office, Pine-street, this afternoon. The half-yearly meeting of the Kangaroo Reef Gold Mining Company is to take place at the company's office this afternoon. Bona fide shareholders of the Port Augusta Land Company, being original allottees ofthe company, are requested by advertisement to attend a meeting at the Commercial Hotel, Port Adelaide, this evening, to consider matters relating to the promoters of the company. There was a good attendance at the Cirran on Monday evening, when the programme which gave so much satisfaction on Saturday evening was repeated. The recent reduction of the prices of admission has evidently met with the approbation of the public who now flock nightly to witness the performances in Mr. Wilson's pavilion. A literary entertainment in connection with the Caledonian Society is to be given in the society's halL Bundle-street, this evening. Mr. B. Dixson, H.P., is to deliver a lecture on '* American Humorists," and readings and recitations will be given by members and friends. The chief, Mr. A. Hay, J.P., is to preside. The Academy of Music was again filled on Monday evening by a pleased audience, Messrs. Bachelder and Beat's amusing min strel entertainment being thoroughly enjoyed by those present. The musical portion of the programme was ably carried out, and the funny element was largely introduced, with the result that the performance as a whole was most successful. The amateur performance of Wallace's opera " Maritana," which was recently attended with so much suooess, is to be repeated at Garner's Theatre this evening. The proceeds are to be given in aid of St. Luke's Church. The opera will also be produced on Wednesday, Thursday, and Friday evenings in aid ot various objects. Practice was held on Monday, May 22, at the Henley Beach rifle range, for the prize meeting to take place next mouth in connec tion with the South Australian Rifle Associa tion. At 200, 500, and €00 yards Mr. J. H. Robertson, of CbowiUa, made 100 points out of a possible 105. At 1,000 yards he also made 69 points out of a possible 75. At 500 and COO yards Mr. R. Robertson tcored 68 points out of a possible 70. Match rifles were used, the former using a Webley Wyicy and the tatter a Rigby. Both rifle men fired in the back position. The first competition for a handsome chest of drawers, valued at £7 75.. presented by Mr. Tfaos. Danes, J.P., to the best marksman in the Torke's Peninsula 8.V.F., No. 1 Company, was finished on Saturday, May SJ, at the Wallaroo range. It will be seen from the scores below that Private Gepp succeeded with a grand score of 97 in carrying off the prize in this event. There is, however, to be another competition, as the article has to be won twioe before it becomes the absolute property of the winner.—The following are the scores:—Lieut. Carson (W.), 67; burgeon Gosse (W.|, 65; Private Gepp (W.), 97; Private Opie (W.), S7; Private Lftwrenoe <M->. 72; Private Lord (M->. 75: Sergeant Robjohns (M.), 70; Corporal Chatfield {W.J, 67 ; Private Hood (W.), 80; Private Wearae (M.). 7a The letters W. and M. indicate Wallaroo and Moonta respectively. At the conclusion of the first contest the second competition was commenced, but owing to the want of light could not be finished. The 3UO. 500,600 yards ranges however were com pleted, as also three shots at the last (7UJJ range, the result so far showing Private Opie leading, with 75 points, with Lawrence it, and Gcpp and Wearae following with 73 each. A vocal and instrumental concert, under the i?tronagc of His Excellency the Gover nor, His Worship the Mayor of Adelaide, Colonel Downes, Colonel Matfaewa, and Mr. C. Toad, C.M.G., was given on Monday evening. May 22, in the Town HalL The concert was arranged in aid of the charitable institutions of the city, but we regret to say that there was a very poor attendance ; the counter-attractions of the Theatre. Academy, and Circus, coupled with the high prices charged tor admission, having act?little to do with this unfortunate result. It is to be re gretted that the charities win not benefit by the entertainment, and it is discouraging to gentlemen like Mr. Wandey, who baa for some time past done his utmost to make the affair a great success. His Worship the Mayor (Mr. E. T. Smith. M.P.J was present with Mrs. Smith and party, bat HuExceUency was unavoidably prevented from attending. Respecting the programme that was per formed it was an attractive one, and con tained many choice selections. The inspirit ing march, "Knights of the round table" (dedicated to Colonel Downes), composed by Mr. F. Basse of this city, was the first num ber, and this was performed with eclat by the Military Band. We hate already spoken favorably of this composition as a solo, and as arranged for and performed by the band on Monday it sounded to great advantage, and was received with loud applause. Mr, Basse deserves special mention for this com position, as it is one of the best of the kind we have beard in Adelaide. The vocalists were Messrs. H. G. Kash and J. C. M. Stone, and Misses Vandepeer and Kanlrin, while Messrs, Worsley, H. J. Lemmon, and Shros bree undertook the instrumental solos. The selections performed were popular ones, and were much appreciated by the ?ti<^?yy. t the best numbers being Mr. Kasha songs. Mr. J. C. M. Stone's song, "Come into the garden, Maud," and Miss Vandeiicer's solo "London Bridge." Mr. Worsley s playing in his trombone solos was also much appreciated. The ooaoert con cluded with the national air "Hands all round" (Tennyson), arranged by Mr. Worsley. This new national tune ia hardly to be com pared with the generality of national airs, as it is somewhat common|ilacc, and fall* con siderably short of our exjiectations. As a cong it may be more pleasing. The band wa* a little too loud for the half and those who occupied back seats had the best of it daring the performance of their pieces. On the whole the concert i>aased off successfully, and was enjoyed by those present, the applaud at times being hearty and prolonged. The St. George's Entertainment and Sing ing Association, at Gawler, gave one of their cntcrtaisments on Friday night, May l'.i, in the institute-hall, before a large audience. The i?erform?nce commenced by a duet on tbe piano, very well played by MUscs. Burton and Kott. This was followed by a very prettf. tableau, representing the "Queen of Flowers" and attendant fairies, and was succeeded by Colvillc'a cantata, *? The dawn of spring," well sung throughout with the exception ola slight unstcadine*< on tbe pert of the male voices in one or two of the choruses. The children sang with re markable steadiness and kept excellent time, : nd their fresh jcung voices, more especially in the but chorus, "We hail thec, glad springtime," rang out with telling effect. Mr. Parkes sang with his accustomed taste and in good voice the bass recitative ?*Tis past;" and the duet " Tbe bud is on the bough," by Miss M. Warren and Mr. Parkes, was very pleasingly given. Miss A. Jones sang with finished excellence " Hail, th'ou time of life's restoring." The only other soloist was Miss A. Hammond, who sang " Welcome, welcome, gentle spring-'ome" in a manner that delighted theaudience. This young lady bids fair to have a fine voice, and her singing shows evidence of careful and correct training. After an in terval "The Lottery Ticket" was performed, the following being the cast -.—Mr. C. Kiquet, Lawyer Capias; Mr. A. G. Wells, Worm wood, the hunchbacked lawyer's cleric; Mr. Cramp, Charles, the maid-of-all-work's cousin and lover; Miss Monyhan, Mrs. Cor set; and Miss M. Smith, the maid-of- all work. The piece was well put on the stage, and the make-up in each instance was good. AU tbe parts had been well allotted and care fully studied, so that no hitch occurred. Mr C. Kiquet, as Lawyer Capias, was very good, and made some telling bite, and Mr. Crump made the most of his part. Thia gentleman has a good figure and voice. The ladies acted their parts con amort, and contributed much to the success. Mr. A. G. Wells, as Worm wood, was, however, the life of the whole. His acting was so perfect and realistic that he carried the audience with him, and long and repeated bursts of applause followed hu various points. During the interval Mr. W. R. Lewis came before the curtain and thanked the large audience for their kind patronage on that aii well an on previous occasions. He was glad to see that the patronage was ex tended by all denominations, and he hoped that when other denominations gave enter tuii mints the Church of fingfand' people wovld reciprocate. He then ?inn?nin?l that the performance would be repeated on Mon day night at million prices, for the benefit of the widow and family of the late Mr. J. Cbigwidden, and hoped there would be an equally fcood house. 