The Sussex Match. After their victory at Oxford the Australians re turned to London, where they stayed for the night, and on Thursday morning left for Brighton, where they met a strong team of Sussex players. Great preparations had been made for the match, and as ' visitors were beginning to arrive for the season at the fashionable watering place, a large attendance was anticipated. On taeir arrival the Australians took quarters at the lioyal, one of the best appointed hotels in Brighton. It occupies a commanding position on the Esplanade and is quite close to the sea, so that the Australians were enabled to get a " sniff of the briny" by simply opening their windows. On my arrival in Brighton I strolled along the pro menade, and was pleased to notice the Australian flag flying at the Kayal, I suppose, however, the majority of those who saw it did not know what the colors were. Brighton is a favorite place with the cricketers, and tucy would gladly have prolonged their stay if possible. Several Australian gentle men took a ran down from London to see their countrymen, and amongst them X noticed Mr. Caleb Peacock. Shortly after IX o'clock the Australians drove to the ground, where a large gatheringawaited their arrival. Previous to the match commencing the colonists indulged in some tall hitting, just to loosen their joints a bit, and won "golden opinions from all sorts of men" by the manner in which they handled the willow. Sussex lias long been a noted cricketing county, and when a " foreign" team plays there they may reckon on being criticised pretty severely, asalmosteverybody knows something of the game. The Australians, therefore, may congratulate themselves upon producing such a favorable impres sion upon the Sussex cricketing community. The line weather which prevailed during the Oxford match still held up, and on Thursday, when the Australians took the field, the sun was shining brightly, Iris rays being tempered by a cool breeze—weather net unlike that in Sep tember in Adelaide. The team was the same as that which played at Oxford, with the exception that Ho ran was. substituted for Boyle. Sussex having won tile toss decided to go in, anil Murdoch's countenance darkened a little as he looked at the perfect wicket and thonght what he had lost. He was not long, however, in getting his men in the field, and Eiu.s and Greenfield, the first representa tives of Sussex, took their positions at the wickets to the bowling of Palmer and Spofforth. Both commenced " quilting" the bowlers, and the crowd smiled as 10 and then 20 went up. It certainly did seem as if they meant business when they hit soins of the best balls through the chains. "They'll make about two hundred," said a gentleman in the pavilion, and his estimate was supposed to be rather under than over the mark. As the bowlers warmed to their work, however, a change began to come over the spirit of the scene, and Blackbam soon snapped Ellis off Pahner. Whitfield stepped into the "imminent, deadly breach," and after making a few runs saw Greenfield well taken by Giffen off Spofforth. Two good wickets gone for 40, and Sussex not quite happy. The Australians were rapidly getting into form, and tlieir bowling and fielding were magnificent. Palmer got on the spot, and kept on it, and although he was hit, so well was he backed up by the field that it was almost impossible to get runs off him.' Spofforth also was ably seconding Palmer's efforts, though the wicket did not suit him.' Three wickets fell for 40, and the score was then raised to 01, Whitfield and Bettesworth being the agents. The latter put a ball from Spofforth into IXoran's hands at slip, and "Tommy" held it. Whitfield got his quietus with the first ball of Palmer's next over—5 for 03 and Blackman, a man said to possess a strong defence, took the vacant wicket. He must have forgotten his defence oh this occasion, as he got the "death- rattle" from Palmer's first. Six for 03. Lucas followed, and shared a similar fate. Seven for 63. One of the "gods" suggested sending in two men at oucc, so as to save time. The remaining batsmen brought the total up to 95, Humphrey's scoring 18, and the veteran Lilly white 5, not out. For the Sussex eleven to have gone out for 95 on a bats man's wicket seems incredible, and this is the best testimony of the excellence of the bowling. In fielding one or two mistakes were made. Massie and Jones both missing easy catches. Giflin was quite himself in the long-field, and was frequently ap plauded for his smartness. Altogether he is shaping as well as any man in the team, and I anticipate his returning to south Australia with " blushing honors thick upon him." The clock showed twenty minutes past 3 when the last .Sussex wicket fell, anil ut twenty-five miirates to 4 the Australians began their innings, Bamierman and Massio being the lirst representatives, the former taking strike and sending the first, ball through the chains for 4. Both batsmen seemed to understand the bowling from the first, and scored off neariy every over. Massie began in his usual vigorous style, and treated the spectators to some grand hitting. The score of the Sussex team was just headed when Mnssie skied one from Blackmail, and Betlc-sworth being about effected a good catch. Or.o for DO. The scoie of the retiring batsman, 45, was compiled in forty minutes. Previous to the fall of the wicket Murdoch went into the field, and ob jected to Blackman's bowling, but the umpire would not entertain the objection. To me it looked remarkably like a throw, and many on the ground maintained its unfairness. Murdoch took Massie's place, and at once proceeded to business, repeatedly sending the ball throngh the chains. When the score had been raised to 127, Bannerman, who had been getting his runs rapidly, was splendidly taken by Trevor at mid-on. The veteran Iloran next ap pealed, and broke his " duck" the first over, and almost immediately after got one under the ropes for 4. Murdoch was now thoroughly sot, and played everything like a book. He was well backed up by Horan, who, however, conld get hardly any bowling to operate upon. At 25 minutes to G 200 went up, and Sussex's.spirits went down. The boivlihg was frequently changed, but nothing could stop runs from being made. When time was called the score stood at 274, Murdoch 109 not out, and Horan 41 not out. The batsmen received quite an ovation on retir imr. On play beingresumed on Friday at noon a large attendance congregated. The news of the wonder ful performance of the Australians spread rapidly, and the evening papers must have amassed a small fortune. The batsmen commenced operations in a business-like manner by "pasting" the howling considerably. After a patient well-hit innings Horan was taken in the slips, the telegraph showing three for 291. McDonnell joined the captain, and soon after 300 appeared amidst cheering from a small knot of Australians present. The bowling of the Sussex team was very weak, and when Hum phreys went on with underhand a general laugh was indulged in. He, however, seemed to bother the batsmen somewhat, and eventually scattered McDonnell's stumpF. Mac only made 11 and did not seem in anything like his usual form. He made one sensational nit, sending the ball clean over the chains. The "prince of wicket-keepers" emerged from the pavilion, and with Murdoch made a desperate stand. The Sussex captain was at his wit's end to! know what to do to effect a separation. At one period of tke game Humphreys was bowling lobs and Trevor "grubbers." It was pitiful. At 388 Blackbam was given out l.b. w., and an adjourn ment was made for lunch, Murdoch bei.ig 172 not out. It was now 2 o'clock, and I overheard a person remark, "1 don't believe they'll get them wretches out to-day." It didn't look like it. On resuming at a quarter to 3, Ciiffen became Murdoch's partner, and sent the first ball he got away to the tune of 4. At lOpast 3 the fourth century was reached, andpeople begantospeculateoiil.OOObeingobtained. Both bats men were punishing the bowling fearfully, Giffen in particular being busy. He drove Lilly white three times for 4 in one over. His batting was admired on all hands, and many considered his cricket the soundest of the day. He was particularly good on the leg side, and frequently "brought down the house" by the manner in which he got the fast bowling away. At 4 o'clock Murduch reached his second hundred, and I began to think be would top i is Sydney score of 320. The applause had scarcely ■ ied away when 500 was hoisted. The Sussex fowlers were mameuvred and the field changed, ' ut all to no purpose. However, such a state of things could not last, and Giffen was taken by Blackman off his own bowling, the board reading —74—507. Giffen's score was put together in a masterly manner, without the ghost of a chance. On bis return he was warmly welcomed. Jones ieak the vacant position.bnt <15(7 not remain in it Jong, only making 5. Garrett was clean bowled by Humphreys after ho had made 9, and Palmer joining Murdoch another stand was made, 600 going up at twenty minutes past 5. "There's no tail to the team," said an elderly gentleman : " I never saw anything like it." "When Palmer fell a victim to Blackman the total was 630, the Victorian premier bowler contributing 28 of them. The "Demon" stalked across the ground, and at once began hitting in a reckless manner. After being missed by Ellis he gave a chance to Humphreys,'who accepted it, and "them wretches" were all out. Thus ended one of the most remarkable innings that has ever been played on an English ground. Murdoch gave two difficult chances during his long in nings, but nevertheless his performance was a splendid one, and adds another to his already long ' list of tall scores. The first innings of the Aus tralians terminated at a quarter to C, and after half-an hour's rest Ellis and Greenfield went in to uphold the honor of the old cricketing county. "When stumps were drawn for the day 31 runs had been made, and no wickets down. On Saturday, in fine weather, and with but a meagre attendance, the match was continued. It seemed as if the Sussex men were following the example set them by the'colonials, for they commenced hitting in cn ap palling manner. At last tho "phantom" got Greenfield off his pad, and one for 44 was posted. Whitfield followed, and a long stand was made. Garrett and Giffen were both tried as bowlers, but so true did the wicket play that they were unsuc cessful. Sussex supporters were quite cheerful, though of course they did not expect to reach the tall score of the Australians. When 121 was reached Palmer caught and bowled Ellis, and then a panic set in. An old gen'Ieman left his seat to get a drink when the board showed 1—31—120, and when he retnrned a few minntes later he was sur prised to see 5—0—130 posted. The fact was. Palmer had changed ends, and with the wind in his favor had played havoc with the Sussex wickets. An adjournment was made for lunch at 2 o'clock, and at 3 o'clock play was resumed. The Aus tralians, who had been fielding well before lunch, now seemed to get lazy, and were not nearly so smart as they should have been. Blaekham at the wickets, however, was almost perfect. Lucas made 15 in a Huky manner, and Hum phreys got 13 by patient play. The other Ijatsmen did little, and the innings closed shortly after 4 o'cIock for 193, Whitfield oeing not out 64, leaving the Australians winners in oneinnings and 355 runs to spare. It will be noticed that the Sussex team throughout the match only made two more runs than Murdoch's score. Notwith standing the fact that the Sussex bowling was any thing lmt first-class, there is no denying the fact that 613 is a splenuld score against any bowling. The fielding of the county team was plncky and good, considering the length of time they were out. The play of the Australians showed a marked im provement on their Oxford form, and in a week or two they will be at their best. Subjoined are the scores SUSSEX. Captain, Mr. Lucas; umpire, Mr. Payne. First Innings. Second Innings. Ellis,st.Blaekham,b.Palmer 10 b. Garrett ..52 Greenfield, c. Gifi'en, b. Spof forth .. .. ..23 b. Spofforth _. 31 Whitfield, b. Palmer ..13 notont ..51 Trevor, b. Palmer .. ..2 b. Palmer .. 5 Bettesworth, c. Horan, b. ■ Spofforth .. ..10 b. Palmer .. 0' Charlwoood,c.Bannermau,b. c. Murdoch, b. Palmer .. .. .. 5 Palmer .. 0 Blackman, b. Palmer „ 0 b. Garrett .. 3 Lucas, b. Palmer .. ..0 e.andb.Palmer 15 Humphrey's, st. Blaekham, c. Jones, b. b. Palmer .. .. 18 Garrett .. 13 Payne, b. Palmer .. .. 5 st. Blaekham, b. Palmer .. 1 Pillywhite, not out.. .. b b. Palmer .. 4 Byes 2, leg-byes .. ..4 Byes9,leg-byes 1, wide 1 ... 15 Total .. ..95 Total 193 Bowling Analysis. First Innings. Balls. Buns. Mdns. Wfcts. Palmer .. .. 143 48 34 8 Spofforth .. .. 140 43 15 2 Second Innings. Palmer .. .. 192 62 25 C Spofforth .. .. 100 37 20 1 Garrett .. .. 164 07 13 3 Giffen .. .. 10 22 1 0 Giffen bowled one wide. AUSTRALIANS. Captain, W. L. Mnrdoch ; umpire, Mr. Titchmarsh. Massie, e. Bettesworth, b. Blackman .. .. 45 Bannerman, e. Trevor, b. Lillywhite .. .. 60 Murdoch, not ont .. .. 286 Horan, c. Humphreys, h. Blackman .. v. 51 McDonnell, e. Humphreys .. „ .. ... li Giffen, c. and b. Blackman ... 74 Jones, c. Humphreys, b. Greenfield .. .. 5 Garrett, b. Humphreys „ .. .. ..9 Palmer, b. Blackman .28 Spofforth, e. Humphreys, b. Greenfield .. .. 8 Byes, 17 ; leg-byes, 22 .. ... „ 39 Total .. .. ... „ ... _ 643 Balls. Buns. Mdns. Wkts. Lillywhite .. .. 236 128 21 2 Blackman .. .. 324 159 24 : 4 Humphreys .. .. 160 122 o a Bettesworth.. .. 100 74. 6 0 Greenfield .. .. 93' 60 5 1 Trevor 40 18 • 4 ' 0 Lucas — .. ..68 36 4 1 Ellis „ .. .. 20 7 • 1 0' 