SHORT SKETCHES OF VICTORIAN PREACHERS. BEV. D. JONES HAMEB (MELBOURNE). Melbourne scarcely affords a finer site for ecclesiastical purposes than the one which is occupied by the Independent Church in Collins-street—within pistolshot of Burke and Wills's monument. The position is central, and eminent enongh to command a view of nearly the whole city. The church, and the adjoining hall in Russell-street, are both very fine buildings in the Italian style of architecture ; and we know but few church properties in Australia which, for attractiveness and completeness can compare with this. A mural tablet, chaste in design and yet humble enough in its dimensions, gives, in a few well-chosen words, the origin of these structures—" This house of prayer and the adjoining hall were built during the pastorate of the Reverend Anketell Matthew Henderson, whose wise, loving, and spiritual teaching and preaching gathered around him a numerous and attached congregation. He was born in Ireland in 1820, arrived in Victoria in 1865, and in April, 18GG, accepted the oversight of this church, which, together with the office of the President of the Congregational College, he held until his death at Toronto, in Canada, June 23, 1876. His last message to his charge was 'Follow God fully.'" It was felt, when the death of Mr. Henderson became known, that a " standard bearer " had fallen ; and no small difficulty was experienced by the congregation when the question was started " Where Bhall we find his successor ? " After a while there came the Rev. T. Jones, perhaps the most popular minister who has labored in Melbourne—but only for three years, longing, it is said, all through that time, to get back to his native hills—a loyal Welshman to the last. Then came Mr. Hebditch, who occupied the pulpit, with great acceptance for one year, and returned to England. And now the pulpit of this handsome church is supplied by the Rev. D. Jones Hamer, in whose hands Independency is not likely to suffer. The first impression made upon us by Mr, Hamer is that he is a man. Not a priest, not an ascetic—but a man. Even the robe which was worn by his predecessors in the sacred desk is laid aside by him. Spirituality of mind has not etherealised his physique, and it would not do to gauge his sanctity, like a ministerial friend whom we once knew, by the transparency of his hand when held before the candle! Full-bearded and somewhat massive in his manhood, he strikes one as a creature of flesh and blood—a man of like passions as ourselves. Vigorous health—a sound mind in a sound body—seems to be one qualification for the important position which he fills; and this is well. In mental caste, and type, and calibre, Mr. Hamer is no ordinary man. The tout ensemble suggests the idea of mental power, and the moment he begins to speak the impression is j ustified. The diction is exceedingly choice. Word-picking is always a sign of keenness of intellect, and the language of Mr. Hamer is exceedingly fresh and forceful. The old phrases from which the life and power have gone, like seeds which have dropped from pods opened by the sun, are never used by him. .Living words leap from his lips, and fall upon the brain like sparks of fire. The lesson was well read; the prayer was thoughtful, suggestive, and devotional; and the Bermon best of all—la creme de la creme. The occasion suggested the subject; it was a baptismal service, and the preacher spoke upon the Divine mission of children.— Text: Jer. i. 6, 7. The central idea of the sermon was that incompleteness in the messenger should not be allowed to mar the message with which God had charged him. Why should we teach our children that to-day is nothing, and to-morrow everything? Why should the living present be lost in the uncertain future ? Why should not the bud with its tinted petals bursting forth be admired for its own beauty, altogether apart from its relation to the perfected flower? Through each God-sent messenger some lessons come more powerfully home to our hearts than through any other; therefore let us receive them, Our children teach us what that faith is which we are to repose in Christ in order to be saved; that undue anxiety about the events of the future is unwise; and that we should not stake our real happiness upon trifles of life. There was no monotony in the delivery—a great point. Eyes and face, voice and manner, were adapted to the thoughts expressed and the images which illuminated them; and this is all the more remarkable inasmuch as Mr. Hamer may be said to have read his sermon. Not slavishly, looking as often as not at his congregation, and yet page after page was turned over, and, to the practised eye, the preacher was evidently depending for assistance upon his manuscript. Mr. Hamer does his best when he looks away from his manuscript, and it will be a good thing when he casts it away altogether. It was our good fortune also to hear Mr. Hamer preach the special sermon before the half- yearly meeting of the Congregational Union. There was a good congregation. Text Matt. iii. 11—"Ke shall baptise you with the Holy Ghost and with fire." John the Baptist was a solitary figure in history; he could not be classified with the Prophets of the Old Testament or the Apostles of the New. So singular indeed was his position, that he almost divested himself of personality, saying, " I atu a voice crying in the wilderness." Our times needed the fulfilment of the promises of the text; it was a time for the manifestation of the Sons of God. There were some points of identity in all outpourings of the Spirit, and he would mention threepassion, purity, and power. All had felt the fervor of their first consecration to God. Perhaps that fervor was gone. Like the snow-flakes falling on the benighted traveller until his warm and beating life was stilled, the touches of the world had chilled the affections until all was cold and formal and dead. Other passages of great beauty occurred in the sermon, but our space does not permit us to give them. Altogether, Mr. Hamer is the most gifted preacher it was our privilege to hear in Victoria, and we strongly recommend our readers to embrace the first opportunity they have to hear him for themselves. 