AUSTRALIAN POETRY^ -SMJiFYOICE 33T-THE WILB OAK. [Bs -HWry Kendall.] Jf 'Twei veyesrs^ago, when I could feee ' High heaven's -dome with differehtCyes— tSrifidays fuH-floweral'witlt hours of grace, Wild nights not sad with sighs— ? 5T wrote a song in which I strove 4To shadow forth thy strain of woe, ^Stifle widowed sister of the grove— \- Twelve- wasted years ago. ?;33ut yoiith was'"then too'youHgtofind ThoBe high authentic •syllables 1-Whose voice is like the wintering wirid > -.By euhless mountain fells ; -Nor had I sinned and-suffered then -To that superlative" degree -That I would rather seek than men •Wild fellowship with thee. iUukhe whoheare this autumn day Thy more than deep autumnal rhyme, -Is one whose hair was shot with gray By Grief instead of Time. "He haB no need, like many a bard, To sing imaginary pain, f Because he bears, and finds it hard, The punishment of Cain. No more he sees the affluence Which makes the heart of Nature glad; " For he ,has lost the fine first sense ' Of Beauty that he had. The old delight God's happy breeze Was wont to give, to grief has grown; Arid therefore, Niobe of trees, His song is like thine own. \- But I who am th5t perished soul Have wasted so these powers of mine ' That I can-never write that whole' Pure, perfect speech of thine. \- Some lord of words august, supreme, The grave, grand melody demands; The dark translation of thy theme I leave to other hands. -Yet here, where plovers nightly call Across dim melancholy leas— Where comes by whistling fen and fall The moan of far off seas— \- A grey old fancy often sits Beneath thy shade with tired wings, . And fills thy strong, strange rhyme by fits With awfiil utteringB. ' Then times there are when all the words Are like the sentences of one \- Shut in by fete from wind and birds And light of stars and sun! No dazzling diyad, but a dark Bream-haunted spirit, doomed to be Imprisoned, crampt in bands of bark, For all eternity. Yea, like the speech of one aghast At Immortality in chains, What time the lordly storm rides past With flames and arrowy rains ! • Some wan Tithonus of the wood White with immeasurable years— \- An awful ghost in solitude With moaning moors and meres! -Arid when high' thunder smites the hill, And hunts the wild dog in his den, '-Thy cries, like maledictions, shrill And shriek from glen to glen! -As if a frightful memojy whipt Thy soul for some infernal crime '-'That left it blasted, blind, and stript— A dread of Death and Time! \- And when the fair-haired August dies And Bowers wax strong and beautiful, Thy songs are stately harmonies By wood lights green and cool. Bvlost like the voice of one who shows Through sufferings fierce, in fine relief, -A nobieptftience and repose— A dignity in grief. SB ut ah! conceptions fade away, And still the life that lives in thee— 'The soul of thy majestic lay— ■Remains a mystery!. -And he must speak the speech divine— The language of the high-throned lords, "Wlio'd give that grand old-theme^of thine Its sense in faultless words. By hollow lands and sea-tracts harsh With ruin of the fourfold gale, Where sighs the sedge aud sobs the marsh, Still wail thy lonely waiL -And, year by year, one step will break The sleep of far hill-folded streams j -And seek, if only for thy sake, Tlie home of many dreams. 