AScENsION DAY AT VENIoE.-The travel ling correspondent of the Melbourne' Argus writes as follows in reference to one of the festivities incidental to the celebrationi of Ascension Day at Venice :-Two nights afterwards the Grand Canal was enlivened with one of those serenades which are organised at certain, or uncertain, intervals, by the hotelkoeepers when the city is full of visitors. Two or three barges are lashed together, and covered with a platform, upon which is erected the skeleton of a pavilion, hung with numerous and many-coloured lamps. A band of music, raost of the members of which are also vocalists, ocou pies this platform, and as the vessel proceeds slowly from the Riva doi Shiavoni to the bridge of the Rialto, the musicians alter nately sing and play airs and compositions which possess a more or loss local character and colour. The floating orchestra is accompanied and followed by a fleet of barks, and boats, and gondolas ; the balconies and fondamonta on either side of the water are full of spectators, and as blue and red lights are burned upon the way, and rockets are disoharged, and fire-balls are sent up into the air, the effect is remarkably picturesque, for the palaces look as if they were con structed of lucent porphyry or oflapis-lazuli, or of alabaster, as the gleam and glow of the artificial fires fall upon their arcaded fronts, and upon the delicate details of their orna mentation, while the long lines of tremulous light which lie upon the surface of the water resemble so many streams of rubies, emeralds, and sapphires. Altogether, the scene is essentially Venotian and remarkably picturesque; and offers, perhaps, a faint reflection, as it is certainly an interesting survival, of those pageants for which the city was so renowned in the period of its prosperity, when it was no uncommon thing for a musical *fete upon the water to be attended by upwards of 8000 gondolas, filled with pleasure-seekers, habited in cloth of gold and silver, and attended by valets and domestics, whoso liveries were as brilliant in colour as the costumes of their masters and mistresses ; while there was No window or balcony but adorned With hangings of rich texture, not a roof But covered with beholders, and the air Vocal with joy. PAPER BAnLSne FOR PETROLEUMI.-A whole cargo of petroleum was lately shipped in New York in paper casks. These casks are made by a company which has three works for the purpose-at Hartford, at Cleveland, and at Toledo. Some 8000 are delivered daily. They are painted blue, and have iron hoops, and they are $1.85 a piece (a price which could be reduced in case of a large produc tion). The advantages of theose compressed paper barrels consist chiefly in the ab seonoo of joints and loss loss on that aoount through leakage, great elasticity and less liability to fracture than where wood is used; lastly, loss dilation, and diminution of expenses thereby inourred. - Boston Journal of Commerce. Tis RAmrIT PesT.--Some curious facts, says the Ago, have been discovered by the inspector of bailiffs, Mr. Black, during his supervision of the operations undertaken by the Victorian government to exterminate the rabbits. VWhen phosphorisod oats and wheat were first employed, the rabbits took the poisoned grain with great avidity, but in the second year of its use the rabbits would not takeo a bait, indicating pretty clearly that traditions had boon handed down from one season to the other by the rabbit croation as to the fatal effects of the food so temptingly spread about for their use during the dry weather. The exterminators then resorted to the use of bran and chaff improg nated with arsenic. During last season this mode of poisoning did great execution. But it may be necessary to change the form of food next season. The offoots of the two poisons are very different, The arsonio kills at once ; the phosphorous brings about *a slow and painful death, the rabbits somo times dragging thenmelvos about for throe or four days after taking the poison. In the winter weather the rabbits are killed in their warrens by the use of bi- sulphate of carbon. All the holes are stopped up, and cotton waste saturated with the poison is ignited and placed in one of the burrows. The fumes kill the rabbits so confined in a few minutes. Rabbit-trappers obtain 2/8 a dozen not for skins at the present time, the government pay 3d. and the shire coun cil 8d. per dozen. The bonus on skins is paid in Melbourne, on sale notes attested on oath, so that the risk of the government paying twice for the same skin is remote. The trappers make from £1 10/- to £8 a week. JuMBo, THE GREAT ELEazANT. - "At Southport recently," the Globe says, " Mr. Barnum, the American showman, who has just arrived in England, delivered an address concerning Jumbo. Had he known, he said, that there was such a deep.rooted desire for the animal to remain in England he would not have bought it, but he only became aware of the fact when too late, and when fifty millions of people in America were looking for his arrival. Jumbo however was as happy across the Atlantic as he was in Regent's-park. No attempt had been made to train him for the ring. He marched at the head of the procession, and showve no signs of viciousness, but was, on the;, contrary, as docile as a lamb. As to the assertion that Jumbo had taken to whisky, it 'was utterly untrue, not a drop having been given him since lihe landed. The purchase of the animal had proved a big financial success, and he hoped to make arrangements to bring him to England in his menagerie next winter." DANGER OF COLOURED CRAYONS. - A correspondent writes as follows to a London trade journal:-" On Saturday last I was serving on a coroner's inquest occasioned by the death of a child of three years from eating a piece of coloured crayon picked out of one of the cheap boxes so familiar to the trade. The public analyst stated that the box he analysed contained seven sticks about three inches long, all different colours, and that the whole of them contained poison. The first one he picked out of the box was the pink crayon. He found that half of it was composed of white load, enough to poison a man, and that a small piece of three-quarters of an inch bit off and swallowed by a child would result in death. The larger and more expensive crayons which he had analysed were virulent poisons." A NEW DISTRAOTON.-Tho summer season this year, says the San Francisco News Letter, is to be distinguished by a novel " distraction," as our French cousins would term it. Among the creme do la crene, lawn tennis having fallen into disfavour at the East, and been voted tiresome even in England, where thly adhere to old customs with such tenacity, is losing its charm, Croquet has long been a thing of the past, so society may well thank the inventors of the new pastime, which can be played equally well in a drawing-room or on the lawn, or even on the sea-beach. All that is required is a gay crowd of pleasure. seekers, a silken rope, and a skilful arm. One man chosen by lot is placed in the centre, and lot also declares which one of the dames shall take the silken rope in hand, and, forming it into a loop, throw it over the head of the homnbrc in the style of a lasso. Three attempts are allowed her; if she fail she leaves the circle, and the next girl takes her chance, having the privilege of choosing a fresh cavalier if she wishes. Anxious chaperones and mothers of un married daughters look with great favour on this game, as it is fondly hoped the catches made in it may result in the noose matrimonial in many cases. ELECTRIC LIGHTING AND FIRES.-Those who are never weary of predicting that the introduction of electric lighting will enor mously increase our liabiltiy . to fires (observes a London paper) will not find much to encourage them in the last report of the Now York Fire Department. Of 1785 fires which occunrred in that city in 1881, there were only four fires caused by electri city, against 88 occasioned by gas. Much more dangerous than either gas or electricity was the- common kerosene lamp,-the destructive agent which laid Chicago in ashoes. One hundred and twenty-seven fires wore attributable to this cause in Now York last year. Of course, both kerosene and gas are in much more general use than electricity, but, on the other hand, the protecting of the electric light is only beginning to be regarded as a necessity, and when it is universally enforced the dangers of conflagration from that source will be reduced to a minimum. An illustration of the use of the telephone in submarine work is afforded in the opor ations connected with the raising of the vessel La Provence, which sank in the Bos phorus. A tolophone was added to the divor's dross, one of the glasses of the hel met being roplaced by a copper plate, in which a telephone was inserted, so that the diver had only to turn his head slightly in order to receive his instructions-and report what he saw. In excavating the clay on Lord Nor manby's estate, near Crowlands,. the work men have exposed about throo miles of a subterranean forest, ten foot below thie sa face. Bomo of the trees are in an adm>.. able state of presooorvation; one gigantic oa_ measures eighteeoon yards in length. The trees are in such a state of preservation that the oak can be distinguished from the elm, whilo a kind of fir-treeoo soeems to be most abundant, the wood of which is so hard that the trees can be drawn out of the clay in their entirety of root and branoh. The surrounding clay contains quantities of the remains of flags, grasses, and types of lower vogotable lifo. The spot has beeoon visited by crowds of peoplo, inoluding the local scientific societies. Mr. Henry Edmunds, of Charlotto, Va, had a largo rod hound named Bone that one day caught a rabbit in a field whore they woro cutting wheat, and swallowed it with out biting it. It killed the dog. The rab bit scratched out. The two lossons'inoul cated by this narration are: First, that greed is likely to be followed by disaster: and, secondly, that truth, of some kinds, is stranger than fiction. The good die young. The had have to lio abonut theo weathor, and aro spoken of as the oldest inhabitants. " How shall I have my bonnet trimmed ?" aslod Maria, " so that it shall agree with my comploexion ? " "If you Want it to match your.face, have it plan," replied Hattie, ' FLrmna-MAounsIE.-.Germany and Russia are both, the Pall Mall Gazette states, pushing forward experiments in flying machines for use in war or otherwise. It appears that the direction in which these are working is the only one likely to be successful. It ignores the ridiculous in flated gas-bag, which is enormous in size, difficult and costly to fill in war, and floats -a gigantic derelict-at the mercy of every current of air, a lhugo mark for the first gunner who can hit and bring it to the ground. BaUnngartoe in Germany and Baronovski in liussia adopt the principle of the inclined plano pressed against the air, and thus capable of makling some, attempt at last to regulate its own course. In the kite the force that presses the incline plane is the hand of the boy acting through the string. In the sail of the boat the resistance of the water to sidelong motion keeps the sail pressed against the wind. In flying machines the pressure is given by an engine carried by the machine and acting by means of fans of one sort or the other. The difficulty at present is the weight of engine and fuel; but with the development of blootrical plactical knowledge we may fairly expect to see accumulators which will supply the maximum of power with the minimum of weight. Then the problem of flying in 'still air will be solved. RODsANoG O A SULTAN'S SISTER.--The death of the Sultan's young sister recently at Constantinople has caused a great son sation, especially as it is believed that the young sultana died of a malady which prob hably oftener kills them than course-minded people suppose. The Princess Naibo is said to have fallen in love at first sight with Sadyk Boy, a young Turk she met at Sweet Waters', the usual promenade of Ottoman ladies. On his side, Sadyk fell also des desperately in love with the Princess. oeven months ago the Sultan gave his sister in marriage to Meohemo d Boy, and the girl had not the courage to tell her brother how deeply her affections were engaged. Had she done so it might not have been a fatal passion, for the Sultan loved his sister ten derly, and Sadyk was a gentleman. When the despairing lover heard of the marriage he resolved to end his days. But before killing himself he wrote a letter to the Princess, who fell ill, and in a few weeks died. ELEVATED lAILWAYB.-The outcry against the elevated railways in Now York has gradu ally subsided in the face of the public support given to them. During the last half-year that is, the last three 'months of 1881 and thel first three of 1.882-the Manhattan rail 'way carried nearly forty-throoe million pay ing passengers, besides many thousand with free passes ; and the now Yorkers are agitat ing for a reduction in the fare, on the plea that a lower tariff would increase the num ber of travellers. The railway company, however, find much the same difficulty as is experienced here ; for the trains are crowded in the morning and the evening with travel lors going to and returning from work, while in the middle of the day they run compara tively empty. The uniform fare is now ten cents, and at certain hours during the day the. capacities of the line are fully taxed; and if they are to reduce the fare to 5 cents, the company pertinently urges that it should apply only to those hours when seats can be found. The elevated railways have boon so great a success, that it is probable a system of underground lines will be made, for there se.ms no limit to the " riding " propensity of the average Now Yorkor.-European Mail. jITEAlnA on HonsEs ron TnanrwAvs.-The Paris Tramway Company wished to give steam a thorough trial, and as they have had five years' experience of it, and have tried every system they could find-the number was no less than 21-they have every reason to consider that their acquaint amioewith the merits and defects of steam po'er is pretty exhaustive. The end has been that they have totally abandoned steam and reverted to the old system of employing horses. The result of the pro longed trials has boon to show that steam isl'dbarer than horse-power. The engine requires a driver and stoker, whose pay is greater thain two of the old drivers or coanoh oniei Then the fuel and maintenance of the 'engines in order wore costly, while the original outlay in capital is about the same as that required to keeoop up the requisite stud ofhiorses. Moreover, hardly a week, often not ' day in the wooeek, passed without some a6dlidnt on the steam line, which proved very costly to the company, and led to com plaints being addressed from various quarters to the authorities. Henco the authorities at last issued a prohibition against the further employment of steam, and in this the company acquiesced with perfect readiness.-European Mail. 4 western paper announces that upon the occasion of a boiler explosion in the noigh boitrliod " betweeoon throo and four men wj i~o qllod." A singular revolver story comes from Youngstown, Ohio. A timorousyounug man, Henry Waters by name, used to sleeoop with a laiaod, revolver for his protection at the head of his bed. Some of his friends sooereobly drew out the bullets, leaving the powdorundisturbed. ' When thIe young man wont to bed, one of the jokers throw a sheeoot over .his. hoead and entered the room. Waters fir6d every barrel at the ghost, who apparently fluing back the bullets at him. The victim of thIe joke is now a maniac, and hi' ~o a5 is: pronouneood hopoless. The longest span of wire in the world is usodifor a telegraph in India, over the river Kistnah, between Bozorah and Sectanagrtm. It is..more than 6000 feeoot long, and is stretched between two hills, oach of which is 1200 foot high. Lifo in Texas must be very exciting. It is told of a couple in that state who not long ago stood up to be married that when the..clorgyman saw the handle of a pistol protruding from the bridegroom's pocket, and suggested that it be for thIe moment laid aside, the bride demurely drew a bowio-knife from the folds of her robe and tossed it beside the other weapon. Int6 sportsman: "'onfound it, you've shqt the dog I I thought you told me you oould liold a gun." hat: " Suro, and so I can, your honor. It's the shot, aorr, I couldn't howld." "My dear Polly, I am surprised at your taste in wearing another woman's hair on your'head," said Mr. Smith to his wife. " My dearest Joe, I am equally astonished thalt you persist in wearing another shoop's wool art your back." 