THEATRE ROYAL. We do not knowwhyMr. Dampier reserved for liis benefit night and his last appearance in Adelaide for the present a character iu which he might well have "starred" for a week or a fortnight had he put " Louis XI." on the boards at an earlierperiodof the season. We .have had opportunities of knowing and seeing Mr. Dampier in his leading parts for a number of years past, and the conclusion we had arrived at previous to Friday night was that he had gained a great deal of stage experience at the sacrifice of the force and originality that at one time distinguished his acting. Any man who may play the same round of characters from year's end to year's end, will by and bye go through the business of the night in a somewhat perfunctory man ner, and mauy of the leading parts in the modern sensational drama are actually not worthy of the serious study of an actor who is capable of better things. Skakesperian pieces are not popular, because the star" on.ordinary occasions meets with very poor support; hence a "legitimate" actor of Mr. Dampier's calibre may insensibly drift out of the groove for which he is best fitted, or may fail to " continue on the lead" (to use a gold- . fields expression) that would carry him on to fortune and win liim lasting fame. Some such reflection as this must have roused Mr. Dampier himself to make a thorough study of a part that was the masterpiece of , Charles Kean, and in which other cele brities have made their mark, one of the most recent being Mr. Irving at the Lyceum Of Lean's impersonation of Louis at the Princess's we have a lively recollection, and there were those present at the theatre on Friday who, having witnessed Irving's rendi tion of the same character, gave the most cordial praise .to Mr. Dampier. For our selves we can say that it was a masterly and clever performance throughout ; not an imitation cf Kean or of Irving, , or Montgomery. Mr Dampier having fitted the part to himself, embodied it, and carried it through on his own lines—occa sionally missing a good point made by others, but presenting the Eleventh Louis according to his own lights—les3 senile, and more mas culine than the Louis of the artists we have named, Mr. Dampier. it must be remem bered, lias naturally a full sonorous voice, Charles Kean had, in his latter day3 especi ally, a cracked "piping treble" that lent a lachrymose sound to Louis canting changes of humor, and aided him wonderfully in, the later episodes of the play. Instead of the feeble slipshod monarch that shuffles across the scene in the. last stages of decrepi tude Mr. Dampier's Louis is a man who has strength of purpose, and strength of will to .almost control the feebleness of his body, calling occasionally for aid from his atten dants to bear him up against the pains that rack and torture him, and it is only in the last act that he presents the picture of sense less stupefaction, and rapid decay that ends in dissolution; and thisjit can,fairly be imagined is brought about by the shock that he receives 111 the assault of Lemours, where he loses his reason and supposes that he has been assailed by the ghost of the murdered Duke. We never witnessed more natural acting than the off-hand cunning of Louis' manner in the earlier scenes—his fits of rage, his implacable cruelty, his remorseless hypocrisy, were all brought out in bold relief to the suavity and pretended friendliness that were assumed to his physician and others about him upon whom he was for the time being dependent. Hia cunning was, however, not so insidious or subtle as Lean's, nor were bis fits of re ligious fervor so pronounced; but he gave on the whole a consistent and scholarly concep tion of the character, and deservedly won the best opinions of all who were present. His make-up was excellent, the appear ance. of age in his features being given with hollow checks, overhanging eyebrows, sunken eyes, and long grey locks that hung dishevelled about his shoulders, 0 were enclosed in a tight-fitting skull-cap. As we have previously stated we regret that Mr. Dampier did not appear as Louis earlier .in the season, because he achieved a genuine success in the part, and afforded an enjoyable performance to a crowded and well- pleased audience. Miss Lily Dampier also appeared to great advantage as the Dauphin, and shared in the honors of the evening. Mr. Carey did ample justice to the role of the Duke deLemours. and Miss Amie Adere was a pleasing Marie! Miss Maggie Oliver as Martha; Mr. Elemming as Francois de Paule ; Mr. Douglas as Tristan ; Mr. dEmmett as Cortier; and Mr. Poole as Marcel, contributed to the success of the piece ;.but owing to the various dramas that have been produced during the week, there W_as an occasional evidence of want of re hearsal that might have been rectified by some of the company. The performance concluded with the rehearsal and play scenes from Sliakspeare's "Midsummer Light's Dream." This evening at the Theatre Royal Mr. W. Gr. Carey will accept a complimentary benefit, tendered by Messrs. Allison and Dampier in recognition of his services during the past dramatic season. We have had few actors on the local stage who have better deserved such a recognition by the management of their conscientious efforts to please. Mr. Carey as leading man to the company at the Royal has proved his ability and his effectiveness in many and varied lines of character, and the popularity that he has gained was shown on Friday when he shared with the star in all the calls before the curtain. A special, and : what should he at least a novel bill has bean - provided for'this evening, in which "The Life of an Actress" and "Rob Roy" are the ■ leading features, and some local amateurs have tendered their services for the occasion in addition to the general company and Mr. Dampier and Miss Amy Adere. This, is tthe last night of the dramatic season. The friends of Mr. Carey are re quested in the advertisement to " roll up," and we echo the sentiment and would advise them to "roll up and be in time," as the heneficiarc is deserving of a bumper house. We are informed that the tickets for'the •opera season are going off rapidly, and are re quested to state that the subscription-li3t closes on Monday next. It will be seen that some old favorites as well as new candidates for popular favor will appear in - the cast of "Lucia di Lammermoor" on Monday evening, viz:—Edgardo, Signor Leandro Coy; Enrico, Signor P. Luisetti - (liis first.appearance); Raimonde, Mr. J. L. E. Kitts ;, Arturo, Mr.. R. Fitagerald; Mor mano, Mr. Bellam; Alba, Miss Alice Stanley; and Lucia. Miss MartinaSimonsen. 