INFORMATION of a most startling cha- racter continues to be supplied to us of the mismanagement of the Railway Department, and of the sectarian influ- ences which regulate the appoint- ments and promotions in it; but we do not know that anything could more clearly show the gross neg- lience that prevails in that branch of the State than the fact which we are about to relate. A book is issued by traffic branch containing the traffic regulations as drawn up by the Board of Land and Works some years ago; and all the arrangements with regard to the traffic are supposed to be carried out upon the basis laid down in this production. Those portions of this book which do not relate to the acci- dent which happened at Hawthorn line last Saturday week, we pass over just now, as the space at our disposal will not allow us to refer to them at present. But those por- tions which do refer to that accident, we shall give in their entirety, because they throw a flood of light upon the sad occurrence which the whole colony is now deploring. They show, indeed, that the primary cause of the Haw- thorn disaster was the complete ignor- ing by the officials of the rules laid down to prevent such collisions, for had these rules only been observed no such disaster could possibly have happened. The rules are as follow, and the fear of these facts coming out has no doubt much to do with the efforts which the Government is making to burke that thorough in- vestigation which on all sides is being so earnesly demanded:— 88\. When slips or obstructions occur, or if from any cause it becomes necessary to work both the up and down traffic over one and the same line of rails, between certain stations or "through crossings," the follow- rules must be observed. 89\. After providing for the immediate safety to all traffic approaching the point of danger, according to the general regulations, intimation must be sent to the Engineer-in- Chief's office, nearest engineer, or to the Inspector of Permanent Way, and to the office of the Traffic Superintendent at Mel- bourne, and to all other officers who can render assistance. 90\. The officer in charge of the nearest station to the point of obstruction shall assume the chief authority until the arrival of the Inspector of Permanent Way, when, so soon as he can transfer the duty to that officer, he most do so. 91\. The signal points at each end of the single line over which the whole traffic is to be conveyed, must be placed in charge of ex- perienced men. The distant signals must be kept constantly turned on DANGER, or a man with a DANGER signal must be stationed at a distance of 800 yards from the single line, to top any engine or train, and prevent its approach unless accompanied by the pilot- man. 92\. A careful steady man must be ap- pointed to act as pilotman, whose duty it will be to proceed on every engine passing over the single line. Should the pilotman, on arriving at either end of the single line, find that more trains than one are waiting to be piloted, he may despatch all the trains at intervals from five to ten minutes, accord- ing to circumstances, going himself in- variably on the engine of the last train. 93\. The pilotman must accompany the first train in each direction after the double line has been opened. 94\. After the pilotman has left, all the en- gines approaching the single line must be stopped till his return. 95\. The pilotman shall be distinguished by a red cap; but, until this is obtained, his distinguishing mark shall be a piece of red cloth, or part of a red signal-flag, tied round his ordinary cap — care being taken to transfer his brand or cap to any man appointed to relieve him. 96\. When one pilotman has been relieved by another, he must not ride on any engine till he takes duty again. 97\. Till these arrangements are matured, no trains must be allowed to pass in the wrong direction on the single line, and the driver of the first train in each direction most be cautioned not to proceed faster than four miles an hour, so that all parties may become familiar with the arrangements without risk of accident. 98\. After all danger has been removed, the line of rails which was closed must not again be re- opened for traffic till intimation in writing from the person in authority has been sent to the pointsman each end. Now it is an absolute fact that not one of these regulations was observed on the day the Hawthorn accident oc- curred. There was no pilotman em- ployed; one of the trains instead of travelling at the rate of only four miles an hour was running at the rate of over twenty; and, in short, everything was done contrary to the spirit, and in scornful defiance, of the above instruc- tions. The trains were allowed to run as though both the up and sown lines were in use, or as though there were no departmental regulations to meet such a case as one of the lines being temporarily closed against traffic. Gross, therefore, as the negligence was standing along, it is immensely intensified by what we print above, for by those extracts it will be seen that certain well-defined rules had been laid down to prevent a col- lision, in the event of one of a double line of rails being closed, and had those rules been respected there would have been no disaster. But these rules were completely ignored; and hence the terrible event, with all its distress- ing, and all its costly, surround- ings. Who is to blame for those rules being violated it is not hard to define. It is certainly some of the heads of the department who are to blame, for it was their business to give the order that these regulations should be observed, the moment the second line was closed against traffic. They neglected, however, to do this, and thus the accident occurred; and, in view of what we have described, it would have been a marvel, indeed if it had not happened. The scorn of the rules as presented above shows the gross mismanagement which charac- terises the department as it is ruled; and it also shows the necessity of a sweeping change in the administration of this branch of the State in a manner which there is no possibility of dis- puting or gainsaying. To this pass things have now come, and a drastic reform will alone minimise the risk and remedy the grievance. ON Friday last we called attention to the circumstances that a Mr REDMOND, M.P., had left England for Victoria by the P. and O. steamer Indus, to arouse interest in the Australian colonies in the new national oranisa- tion which had been started in Ireland, and that on his arrival in Hobson's Bay a steamer is to be chartered by his effusive admirers to bring him on to Melbourne. Since then we have looked into the English and Irish papers to ascertain what Mr REDMOND'S object is in coming here, and a great deal of useful information has re- warded our exertions. Mr REDMOND it seems, has tabled a bill in the House of Commons to amend the GLADSTONE Land Bill; and he has taken this step as one of the mouthpieces of the new organisation that was launched Dublin on the 17th of October last, to take the place of the Land League, which came, a short time previously, to a very unceremonious ending. It seems the American-Irish subscribed £75,000 towards the support of the Land League; but some of them at last wanted to know what had become of the money. The heads of the League declined to give any answer to this demand; where- upon the American subscribers de- nounced the League in very strong and fervid terms, and declined to give it another shilling. The Irish World, which is published in America, and which had a great deal to do with the raising of the £75,000, was equally indignant; and after castigating the League in very trenchant and impolite language, it concluded with the follow- ing remark — "Whatever others may do, the Irish World will go no more begging for the Irish people. The result of all this was that the Land League collapsed, for as the supplies fell off from America it could not con- tinue that guzzling and gorging, and a variety of other little games, which mainly constituted its vocation. The League could not continue, because the better class of the Irish people had closed their pockets some time before, as they found that Mr GLADSTONE'S Land Act and arrears Act had done them consider- able good; and they did not, therefore, see any advantage in depleting their resources by keeping the Land League in existence. They found that the Land Act had reduced the income of the landlords by £4,000,000 a year, and that the Arrears Act had got them (the tenants) out of a lot of difficulties, that work paid better than agitation so they set to work, and the result is that they gathered in a bountiful harvest, that the Lord Commissioners were carrying out the new laws with a warm regard to their in- terests, that Mr GLADSTONE had un- dertaken to amend both the Land Act and the Arrears Act so that they would be still further benefited, and that the condition of the laborer would be greatly ameliorated by these amend- ing measures. The better class of the Irish people could see no reason why they should deplete their pockets to keep the League in existence in the face of these advantages, and there- fore, they withdrew their subscrip- tions and they were fortified in taking this step by the evident want of sincerity on the part of the League, as shown by the disgust its leaders evinced at Mr GLADSTONE'S efforts hav- ing been so successful as to deprive them of a good cry by casting the lines of the Irish people in rather pleasant places. On the other hand the turbulent spirits found themselves in an iron grip by the Coersion Act, and the bulk of them, regarding dis- cretion as the better part of valor, gave the League a wide berth, and sought out some other means, than agrarian and other outrages, to obtain a living. All these circumstances combined, put the Land League in considerable diffi- culty, and the result was, as we have said, that it collapsed, gave up the ghost, with the contempt of its former friends, and amid howls of execration from the other side of the Atlantic. But the unquiet spirits, who had fed and guzzled on the cheap so long, did not take kindly to being snuffed altogether out; so they decided to start a new game, or organi- sation, and they christened this new effort "The Irish National League." They issued a programme at a meeting held in Dublin on the 17th October, and amongst other things on this programme is repeal of the union, under the guise of "national self-government," or, as one paper puts it, only one step short of "a formal separation from England with the institution of an Irish Re- public." Well, Mr REDMOND is coming out here to stir up an interest in Australia in this new League, and the reason why may be easily gathered from the foregoing. The first reason is, that America is closed against the League, and therefore no interest in the new move can be expected there; the second reason is, that the great bulk of the Irish people prefer Mr GLADSTONE'S sincerity to the dubious proceedings of their own would-be leaders, and, therefore, "The Irish National League" evokes very little sympathy on its native soil; and the third reason is, that money is required to keep the game afloat, and as both America and Ireland; de- cline to subscribe Australia must be sapped for cash, or the new movement will collapse as incontinently as its pre- decessor has done — sink promptly into oblivion. The collapse would mean, no more money to spend in feeds and junketings, no more agitation, no more annoyance to the hated Sassenach; and derivations of this kind to some Irishmen would be almost equal to per- dition. Any such collapse as this must be stopped at all risks, so we have Mr REDMOND sent out to us to talk a lot of stuff, to describe grievances which have no real basis for their support, and to pave the way for that depletion of Irish pockets out here which is usually found to be so easy and facile, so long as the necesary amount of blarney is em- ployed in the process. This is the in- formation which we have gathered from the English and Irish papers which we have read since last Friday and if the Irish out here are not a pack of fools they will not fail to bear it in mind when their visitor arrives by "the special steamer that is to be chartered to land him in Melbourne." They will intimate the example set to them by their ??? in Ireland, re- member the good which Mr GLADSTONE has done for their connections in the old land, and bear in mind the still further good he has promised to do, and decline to subscribe a single penny to the new League, or have anything to do with a movement which has not a ??? of justification for its basis, and which has on its programme items which are essentially disloyal and rebellious. By doing this they will best secure the in- terests of their connections at home, who are sick of the men who have so long used them as tools, and who sigh for relief from all further irritation and disturbance of this nature. They want, ia short, to be let severely alone, depen- dant only upon Mr GLADSTONE'S kindly designs and, in view of all that is loyal and rational, let their wishes be sympa- thised with and respected. This is the proper course for the Irish out here to adopt; and if, therefore, they are not destitute of all sense, they will treat Mr REDMOND with that courtesy due to all visitors, but have nothing to do with his hjome associates or very quarrelsome surroundings. The Railway Department has at last woke up and apparently commenced to bestir ??? matters of detail which were treated with contempt a few months since. Some time since we drew attention to the fact that Mr Sewell, inspecting superintendent of en- gines at the Phœnix Foundry, was called upon to also fill the position of locomotive superintendent at the Western railway station —double duties which he has performed to the satisfaction of all parties, although possibly at great personal inconvenience, occupied about sixteen hours each day. We now learn that Mr C. Hormwood has been sent up from Melbourne to assist Mr Sewell in his dual capacity, so that the work of the latter will be lighter in future. The detectives have succeeded in tracing out the two boys who were suspected of having placed the obstruction on the railway line near Creswick last week, with a view of throwing the train off the line. One of the two has made a partial confession of his guilt in the affair. It appears that the the two went out to Crestwick, on the way to Allendale, by train, in response to the advertisement for runners for the new Allendale newspaper. They did not suit the proprietor, so, having no money, they started to walk into Ballarat alongside the railway line. On their way they picked up an old fish plate bolt, and used it in the manner already detailed. Their vicious use of the piece of iron is explained by some per- sons as a mere boyish freak. An attempt was made late on Saturday night to break into the engine-house of one of the claims on the Indicator line in Bal- larat East, but owing to the vigilance of the watchman the burglars were disturbed in their nefarious operations. They had suc- ceeded in wrenching the lock from the door when the watchman surprised them, and they made off before he has time to effect a capture. Complaints are made that the pro- tectors of the peace are rarely seen outside the main thoroughfares after dark. An old man named David Monro, who says he comes from Sebastopol, was arrested last evening by Constables Nelms and Smith, on a charge of stealing a bag containing clothing and other articles. It appears that the owner of the bag went into a Main street hotel for a drink, and placed the bag on a form. It disappeared, and information being given to the police, Munro was found in Main street with the property in his possession. He will appear before the Town Police Court to-day. It is stated that an elderly man, the father of several notorious Ballarat East characters, broke his arm last night in a scuffle or night at or near a Main road hotel, bearing not the best of reputes. He was taken to his home where the injury was treated. A very serious loss was sustained by Messrs Tankard Brothers, farmers, whose property is at Kangaroo Hills, near Kingston, on Friday last. At about six a. m. on that day a fire occurred, by which an open weather- board shed valued at £150, and containing a threshing machine and engine, a chaff-cutter and other material valued in all at £1,000 was destroyed. The property is insured, but in what company, and for what amount, we could not learn. It is confidently believed that the fire was caused by an incediary, and enquiries are on foot to discover the criminal. A peculiar case was reported to the police yesterday evening by a keeper of a livery stable in Ballarat. The complainant stated that someone had hired a horse and buggy from him the day before on the understand- ing that it was to be returned that evening. The hirer did not re- appear that day nor yesterday, and a charge of "illegally using" was entered against him. In the evening, however, the livery stable-keeper found his property in the stable adjoining a hotel near his own premises, and he withdrew the charge. The three women, Lizette Finch, Mar- garet Butler, and Annie Drummond, arrested on warrant on Saturday night, on a charge of vagrancy, were brought before the Town Police Court yesterday morning. Mr Gaunt, barrister, said he had been requested by the the (sic) friends of the two former to say a few words for them. He had no intention of justifying their conduct, but he rather up- held the action of the police. One of the girls (Butler) had a father and mother in the country, who were ready to receive her if she was willing to go back. The other one, Finch, had an uncle who was also will- ing to receive her. Of course, Mr Gaunt said, if they returned to their former course of life they must expect to be dealt with very severely. As the bench was no doubt aware, the effect of sending the unfortunates to gaol would be to make them ten times worse. Sergeant McPar- land pointed out a few of the cir- cumstances under which they were arrested, and informed the bench that on the previ- ous day a lot of larrikins had called on the girls, some of them saying they were going to marry them, and all sorts of things. In re- ference to Mr Gaunt's suggestion he would ask why did not the relatives come to court and claim them? The chairman of the bench, Mr Anderson, J. P., suggested that Finch and Butler should be remanded for a week, by Sergeant McParland, applied for them, then the magistrates would order their dis- charge. This was agreed on, and they were accordingly remanded. Annie Drummond pleaded not guilty, and wished for a remand to produce a gentleman who was residing with her. The evidence of Constables Thompson, Barrett, and Stallard was taken, and she was sent to gaol for three months. At the close of the court a respectable look- ing young man appeared in court, and said he was Margaret Butler's brother, and was willing to take her to her parents. The young man's earnest appeal was sufficient, and Margaret Butler left the court in com- pany with her brother. A young man later on called on an officer of the court, and, in a guiless manner, said he was willing to take the woman Finch home, and he thought he could get her to stop with him. His offer, however, was refused. A meeting of the grocery and produce trade picnic committee was held last evening, at the Back's Head hotel. There was an ex- cellent attendance. Mr P. B. Ivey occupied the chair. The place for holding the picnic was changed from Dowling Forest to Bo-peep Creek, which is about three miles this side of Lake Burrembeet, and is said to be one of the best camping grounds for a picnic. It was agreed that a band should be engaged to supply the necessary music for the day. The price of tickets was fixed at 4s 6d. Mr I. Coulter was elected a member of the commit- tee. Mr P. B. Ivey was appointed perma- nent chairman and general manager. Mr H. Mudie was appointed treasurer. It was resolved that the next meeting take place next Monday evening. A vote of thanks to the chair terminated the proceedings. The City Council employés, or some of the smokers among them, have not yet become quite accustomed to the routine of business, since the regulation has been framed providing that none of them shall, within working hours, puff the fragrant weed. One of them yester- day, at about the previous "smoke oh" time, was observed to pull a plug out of his pocket, cut his tobacco, stick the pipe in his mouth, and feel for a lucifer. While searching for the lighting power, however, a thought seemed to strike him, a change came over his counternance, and with a stealthy look round, he took the "dhudeen" from between his teeth, stuck it sadly in his pocket, and wearily continued picking the grass from the crevices in the gutter. The R. M. S. Assam was of Cape Borda at forty minutes past one yesterday afternoon passing inwards. A miser residing at Allendale has had a valuable setter dog, said to be worth £10, poisoned. He suspects a neighbor of having maliciously poisoned his dog. It has been reported that a mild case of scarlet fever has occurred in Junction street, Ballarat West. The health officer has taken steps to prevent the spread of the disease. Mr Gibbings' shop was again lighted up last night by the Edison Victorian Electric Company, Limited, and was as great a suc- cess as before, and crowds attended to wit- ness it. Those who have not yet seen this grand display should do so at once, as the company will only light up for a night or so longer. The Industrial Exhibition at the Alfred Hall in connection with St. Paul's Mutual Improvement Association was as popular as ever last evening. Besides the usual attrac- tions there was singing by several ladies and gentlemen. To-night is announced as the last one, and as there are special arrange- ments made for an evening's enjoyment, there should be a very good attendance. The special prizes will be distributed, there will be a select programme of recitations, and it is expected that a large number of the mem- bers of kindred societies will be present. Further particulars will be found in our advertiser columns. A lad named John Hayes, employed at Mr McGavin's establishment, Main road, had the top of one of his fingers cut off yesterday while working with a cutting machine. He went to the Hospital, and after his finger had received surgical treatment he went home. We understand that Messrs Fitzgerald Brothers, drapers, of Ballarat East and Mel- bourne, have taken from Mr Gibbings, for a number of years, those large and central premises at the corner of Doveton and Sturt streets, now lit by the electric light. They intend to open the premises as a branch at an early date with a choice and large stock of new goods, bought by Mr J. Fitzgerald when in Europe from the manufacturers, At the meeting of the Ballaratshire Council, held yesterday, a rate of 1s in the pound was struck on all the ratable pro- perty within the shire. At the Learmouth (sic) Police Court on Mon- day there was only one case set down for hearing, Roche v Nicholson, for assault. Complainant did not appear, and the case was struck out with 5s costs to defendant. The magistrates in attendance were Messrs J. Baird, F. Edwards, T. Bath, and W. H. Uren. Special services in aid of the Methodist Free Church missions were conducted in the South street church on Sunday last. Three excellent sermons were preached, by Mr M. Hosking, town missionary, and the Revs. A. R. Edgar and E. Turner. The congregations were as large as the building could conveniently accommodate on each occasion, and the col- lections good. The services will be continued this evening by a tea meeting, when Coun- cillor Hickman will preside, and addresses will be delivered by the Revs. Richardson, Dean, Thomas, and Turner, and Mr M. Hosking. These will also be a choice selec- tion of sacred songs and choruses. Still another large perch fished out of the lake. Yesterday Mr Watts, a vety ardent angler, succeeded in booking a splendid fish weighing about 4 lb. There was yesterday, as on Saturday, a blank charge-sheet at the City Police Court. The rainfall for the month of October, as registered by Mr Bath, at Ceres, Learmonth, was 3.38 inches, and for the month of November 2.35 inches, for making a total for the year of 22.57 inches. Preparations are being made at the Bal- larat Orphan Asylum for the usual Christmas tree, and donations from the benevolent will be thankfully received by the secretary or superintendent. Responses to this appeal will be specially gratifying, for liberality is immeasurably pleasing when its effect is to give happiness and delight to the orphaned. The following is the notice- paper for the monthly meeting of the Hospital committee on Wednesday evening:— To receive report of house committee; to authorize the house committee to call for tenders for the cus- tomary supplies; to pay the monthly ac- counts to appoint a sub-committee to draw up annual report; to appoint two members of house committee in place of Messrs A. Hunter and R. Lewis, who retire by rotation, but are eligible for re-election. Christmas it approaching, and All Saints' parish invites the co-operation of all friends at a festival at the Western Oval on Friday, 15th, as advertised. The programme con- tains a great variety of sports and amuseme- ments with with bicycling, races, spring-guns, &c.;, strawberries and cream, and refresh- ments of every kind for the inner man; cot- tage flower show, and a variety of entertain- ments too numerous to mention. The even- ing will close with a concert at All Saints' schoolroom, which promises to be a great success, as some of our best musicians have promised to assist. If a church can relieve itself from difficulties by the kind patronage of others — for the mayor of the city, de- bating societies, and adjoining parishes are all taking an interest — it does well to com- bine harmless amusement with higher in- terests. We would draw attention to the lecture to be delivered this evening at the Mechanics' Institute by the Rev. Isidore Myers, B.A., on the " Talmud." and which cannot fail to be particularly interesting. The rev. gentle- man is the accredited representative of the Victorian branches of the Victorian Jewish Association, in furtherance of the Mansion House Fund mission, and his ability as a lecturer has received the highest encomiums from the press, as well as by the heads of the several Christian denominations throughout the colonies. His worship the mayor of the city will preside, and the lecture will com- mence at eight o'clock. A trial of the incandescent electric light for illuminating the wires and the circles of astronomical instruments, was made (says the Argus) at the Observatory on Wednesday night last, resulting in complete success. The Austalian Electric Company having imported some of Swan's very small lamps, the engineer, Mr Joseph, at Mt Ellery's re- quest, fitted one to the 8-inchg equatorial, the electric current being supplied by quite a small bichromate battery. The illumina- tion was complete and exceedingly satis- factory, the amount of illumination being quite under control by the creator or less immersion of the battery plates in the bi- chromate fund, and ranged from a far greater brilliancy that was required to the dimmest light necessary in the case of observing very faint celestial objects. The Government astronomer is so pleased with the success of this experiment that he intends adopting this form of electric light for all the astromonical instruments. The operation of lithotomy (says the Cres- wick Advertiser) performed on Sunday by Dr Tremearns on Mr Chisholm, a share- broker, of Ballarat, who had been a great sufferer, for many months. An enormous stone was taken from the bladder by cutting into that organ from the abdomen, the cal- culus measuring 7¼ inches in circumference, and weighing 3 oz. bring too large to be ex- tracted by the usual operation. This is the largest stone we have heard of being re- moved whole, its great size and hardness rendering crushing impossible. The patient is so far progressing favourably. Several smaller stones were also removed by the operation. Fourteen additional notices of claims for compensation have been sent in to the Rail- way Department (says the World) in con- nection with the recent collision at Hawthorn. Under the heading of "Another Social Scandal," cthe Bendigo Independent writes:— "We understand that legal proceedings are about to be commenced by a young lady who for some years has resided in the city, against a commercial traveller — a married man well known in cricketing and football circles — to compel him to contribute towards the support of his illegitimate child. It is understood (says the Argus) that the Education Department is prepared to meet the views of the Education Commission in reference to Mr Parnell's case. It is con- ceded that the censure of Mr Parnell for having stated that he is disregarded one of the regulations might be interpreted as contrary to the 49th section of the Statute of Evi- dence, which provides that no evidence given before a commission shall "be made the ground of any prosecution, action or suit" against the witness. For this reason it is probable that the department will con- sent to an order in Council being passed giv- ing the protection the ??? desires. Until it is passed the commission will be ??? to examine any witnesses who are attached to the department. Captain John Mason, J. P., actuary of the Belfast Savings Bank, who was arrested on Saturday by Detective Malony on warrant on a charge of embezzling the sum of £??8 14s 7d, the money of the bank appeared at the City Police Court yesterday morning and on the application of the police was re- manded to Belfast for this day week. Bail (??? the Herald) was accepted in sureties of £590. A footrace (says the Maryborough Adver- tiser) was recently arranged between T. Har- tigan, of Timor, and Smith, of Ballarat, dis- tance a quarter of a mile, money £25 aside. The night before the stakes were to be give to the stake-holder, Hartigan, who had about £12 in his pocket, placed the money under his pillow and went to bed. The next morning it was gone. In consequence of this there is every probability or the matter falling through. The Hon. James Watson (says the Argus) in his speech at Woolongong on Friday night, stated that he had that day obtained in- formation from Sydney, showing that the revenue for the year up to the 7th December amounted to £7,317,000, being an increase for the eleven months of the present year of £660,000 over the corresponding period of 1881\. The Customs and Railway Depart- ments showed an increas of £106,000 and £322,000 respectively. The horse and buggy belonging to the Rev. Duncan Faser, which were stolen from the front of the town hall, Swanston street, on Friday evening, were recovered (says the Telegraph) by the Emerald Hill police on Sunday in the possession of two boys, named Keely and Underwood, who were arrested for illegally using them. There is at the present time (says the Kyneton Observer) a great demand for labor in this district, end farmers are almost at their wits' ends for want of assistance. Queen street, Brisbane (says the Age), was lighted by electricity on Saturday night very successfully, although it was a wet night. The street was thronged, and everyone was convinced of its superiority over gas. The following amusing incident is reported in the Bendigo Independent:— "The simple and indisputable maxim that two and two make four is sometimes very inconvenient. His Honor Judge Quinlan happened to be aware of this maxim, and, by its application convicted a witness, at the County Court on Thursday, of falsifications of his books and wilful perjury at one and the same time. It was in the case of Houghton v Davis, and the plaintiff, having stated that he recol- lected seeing an entry of £1 due to himself, the wages book of the defendant was pro- duced. On examination it was found that there had been a figure 1 in the pounds column, but it had been used in the first stroke of the letter N, and converted into the word nil. At first the witness, who was in the wit- ness box, maintained that this was how he first write it, but upon the absurdity of the entry, 'Charles Houghton, nil." being pointed out to him he changed his ground, and said that he wrote one at first in mistake, and, discovering it, instantly altered it to nil, which according to his belief, was the 'Latin for nothing.' His Honor at once added up the figures, and found that it required this questionable one pound to make the total correct. He at once turned to the witness, and said sternly, 'You have over-reached yourself, sir; the case was evenly balanced before, but this has turned the beam. People must be taught that it is no light matter to falsify the books when a cause is to be tried, and then perjure themselves about it in the' witness-box. A man who has justice on his does not need to tell lies, and I shall accord- ingly give a verdict against you for the full amount, and order the book to be im- pounded. Messrs Hepburn and Rowe will sell by auction, at Craig's hotel, next Saturday, at two o'clock, the various booths for the Cale- donian games to take place on the Western Oval on New Year's Day. Old pupils of Granville College favorable to holding the annual dinner are requested to meet at Lester's hotel this evening, at eight o'clock. A meeting of the committee of the Har- dies's Hill &c.;, Agricultural and Pastoral Society will be held in the society's rooms, Grenvilte, next Monday afternoon, at three o'clock, to pay the prices won at the late show. All prize-winners are requested to attend. We again remind intending patrons of St. John's excursion to Queenscliff that tickets can be obtained of Mr Owen, tobacconist, Bridge street; Mr Willis, Sturt street; and at the school, this and to-morrow evenings. from seven to eight o'clock. The fares will be, children 2s 6d, adults 6s 6d. At a special teachers' meeting of the Lydiard street Wesleyan Sunday school held last night it was decided to hold the annual picnic on New Year's Day. Mr W. H. Marsh requests us to direct the attention of cyclists and intending cyclists to an advertisement of his which appeals in another column. The fortnightly meeting of the Ballarat Lodge of Free Gardeners is summoned for his evening, at eight o'clock, at the lodge- room, Buck's Head hotel. 