GHOST STORIES. [From the London Spectator of October 28.] The Pall Mall Gazette deprecates the en- <*> quiry into the authenticity of ghost stories promised by the "Psychical Research" Society, for fear It should encourage sensible to Dcueve in gnosw. .a. clerical car respondent of that journal has improved on this scepticism by "-a small syllogism," which disposes onoe for all of the possibility of any scientific man believing in the existence of ghosts. Here is the syllogism :—" No really scientific observer willever be lei tobelieve in ghosts. Mr. ABC believes in ghosts; therefore, &c;—<?. E. I>." This is a kind of scepticism which is more closely allied to pig headedness than to science. It is prover bially difficult to prove a negative; but it is not only difficult, it is impossible, to dis prove the existence of ghosts, or their occa sional apparition to mortal eyes. Even if it ?were possible (which it is not) to prove that no ghost has ever appeared on earth, science, whether physical or metaphysical, supplies no calulus for the disproof Of ghostly appari tions in the future We may even go farther and say that the progress of physical science has made belief in ghosts easier instead of liarder. The most advanced conclusions in regard to the laws of tight and sound go to show the possibility of innumerable sights and sounds about us which may'be in visible and inaudible simply because we -have nor organs sufficiently delicate to apprehend them. It is certain that some of the lower animals far surpass as in this respect; so far indeed, in some cases, that their superiority, did we not know it as a fact, would seem quite as incredible as ghosts. The microscope has discovered a world of organised existence close to os-ofwhich the naked eye knows nothing. Recent discoveries in the sphere of sound are not less startling. To put an arbitrary limit to these discoveries, and declare dogmatically that science has reached the end of its tetter in such matters, is not the mark of a scientific, but rather of an arrogantly prejudiced mind. What has Edence to say against the existence of beings so ethereal as to be in capable Of apprehension by human senses save only under abnormal conditions —either by temporary exaltation of the human faculties, or by stub a modifioativn of the normal laws of spkitaal substances as shall bring them temporarily within the cognisance of human senses? Absolutely nothing. What physical science has detnoa ?trat?d is the possibility of each beings— assuming their existfcnce-^-moving close to us without our being aware of it. It ha? also been shown to be possible for one person to see sights and hear sounds of which another person, standing, by his bide, may be unaware. Professor Tyndall tells a story of himself and a friend riding overs Bwiss pus on a sultry day. Professor Tyndall complained of the ceaseless noise of the grasshoppers. This was inaudible to his companion; but he was irritated by the monotonous thud of the males' hoofs on the turf, which, on the other band, wafs inandf Ifte to Professor TyndaH. The ear of one was sensitive to the slow movements of the atmospheric waves, the other to the rand movements. May not this be the explanation of the two apparently contradictory state ments made by the author of the Act and St. Paul concerning the miracle of his. conver sion? —first that his travelling companions heard not the voice that spake to him on the way to Damascus; secondly, that they did bear it but saw no man. They heard the Etmod, perhaps, tmt filled to?atcn its articu late utterance. A similar incident is related in St. John's Gospel, where Jesus gives thanks to His Father for words which sounded to the nuutjdade like the inarticu late rumble of a clap of thunder. We are not arguing in favor of a belief in ' ghosts, or in the manifestations of so-called j Spiritualism. We arc arguing against the ! unscientific habit of mind which would forbid, oa a priori grounds, any- kind of rational in vestigation. No doubt, the vast majority of ghost stories are myths, and we have never seen any exhibition of "spiritualism* which could not be explained by sleight of hand. But the widespread belief in such phenomena is surely a reason for enquiry rather than for a dogmatic tabooing of the whole subject. Superstition and error have never been put down by anathema; but they have fre quently vanished before the light of im partial investigation. No believer in ghosts will be shaken in his faith by a syllogism ?which violates the Taws of logic, by begging the very point in dispute. But make the matter, as indeed it is, a question of evidence pure and simple, and we believe that but few ghost stories will stand the test, the in stances are probably very few indeed in which a natural explanation will not account for the apparition. The nerves of the ghostaeer mre seldom in condition favorable to calm -and impartial scrutiny; and there are, in addi tion, disorders of the brain which project images on the retina of the eye that are entirely subjective. Certain forms of malarious fever have this effect. "We know of two instances—one, that of a nay who, on the recurrence of the {ever, nsed to see, with unfailing regularity, a terrace with a peacock walking on it; the other, that of a nobleman who, tinder similar orcumsbraes, invariably saw _a Sister of y^yi^'-v in nis beurooD?, My a wwiflrni^Kf coin* ddence, a sister of mercy aid attend him in ids last illness. When she entered the room, be eTThumfri, "The nun again!" and died. There is, however, a residnnm of stories of a euperoatoraL or at least preternatural character, which cannot _be so easily ex plained away* Take, xor instance, the W^n yard ghost story. Two brother-officer* who were also intimate friends, by name Sir John Cope Sherbroke and Lieutenant George Wynyard, were with their regiment, the 33rd, in Canada, towards the end ox the last century. As they were sitting one after noon in Wynyard's room, in broad daylight, both of them saw a tall and extremely emaciated youth ?standing for- afew moments in the doorway, and then passing slowly -tnrOQgh the room into an adjomsngDedroom, out orwhioh then was no tgrao^except back through the sitting-room. " Great God, my brother!" exclaimed Wynyard, and both followed the apparition into Hie bedroom, but saw no more of it. They took ? notice of the day and hoar, which happened, as the event proved, to have been the day sad hour of the death of a younger brother of Lieu tenant Wynyard, to whom he was fondly attached. Sir John Sberbwke, however, was an unbeliever- in ghosts, aad persisted 4a hoping that some natgral rrrianntifm'of ' yhidii.y^WtTfor a moment to justify on scepticism. AffcseAis return to EnglanoVhe ~WB~SBjsj9p^"%|Pnog Jfm Piccadilly with ,'lybfnrH?tf J ":wnen 'his-attention was suddenly arrested by a man on the opposite pavement wiiu wbs~vkg nscsimiift of "43ie srjf?txsxDss apparition in Canada, except that he did not look so emaciated. Delighted atthu-oppor tanity of verifying his ?eepttcisnvhe -crossed the road, and, accosting-the siamgecf iold the story of the Canadian jwmaririoiL "*** auifrffj for an ?7T't?q??H>^i," never' been in Canada, 7'TepUedtt^v^Mffirl ?pdk I am aot^smpriaed^^jawyla^Wb^" yard, whose Rb^£m£giir*mhmfiwmpT€c) I yourself and his Jtaofta^g^fe jwK? Bte übf? rCUB' TOT*' t^**P^*4T*t(t*^Tj^ {^eHvSXb9B&/Qe£l'D£ storjis that fiir John; ffliuilfciki?'Bever^Mr the Wynyard whose he-had ?feen in Canada; The story ?fe wj&3aiojro,TMid the present writer once knew an ola Penin sular officer who bend the story from Sir John £9terbroke'a own month. A story of a different kmd, bnTKSt Tees rema?nfoe in , its way, was related io "the witter of this within the last few weeks. Major -—, an officer now in the Guards, and well known in London society, was some jean ago with his regiment in Canada. One day he received a letter from a brother-officer, then on leave at home in Scotland, recommending to his good offices a young friend then on his way to Canada, Accordingly, Mr. S-—, the young gentleman in question, was received hospitably by Major , and became a frequent guest at tfae mess of the regiment. He appeared at breakfast one morrjingwith a loofcot extreme dejection, and explained, in answer to enquiries, that he had seen in his sleep that night' his bwn tombstone, with bis name and the date of his death, namely, June 17, 1867. "They have not given jrou a long time to prepare," re marked Major , " seing this is ApriL" This was said for the purpose of raDyingMr. S—— out of his fit of low spirits, Major being then, as be is now, an unbeliever in ghostly visitations. Mr. S gradually re covcjMi y^iw scutes* ftud m. qquibc ox t^**i? started for the United States. On taking leave of him. Major jocularly observed; "Look out, old boy, for the 17th of Jane." Some weeks afterwards, Major chanced to read, in a newspaper an acconnt of his young friend's death. He had landed, to gether with other passengers, from a river steamer at a place which was infwriMfl by Indians. An armed sentry was placed on the bank, to prevent a surprise by ike Indians. Young Mr. g had letnmed after dark, neglected to answer the challenge of the sentry, and was shot dead. Major , remembering the dream, was so struck with the coincidence i that he made specialenquiry into the circum atances, and ascertained that the date of Mr.S— ~'s death was the date on the tomb stone cf his dream, Jane 17. Now, assuming the veracity of Major S— —, which is, of \- cocrse, unquestionable, how is ibis dream to be explained away? Amlisitn9tjrner,?ad more in accordance with true mvftupm, to f xamine tne evidence for every ouch story on its merits than to dismiss the whole subject with rapercUioM disdain? We fcave not left ourselves much space to criticise the small volume, "Ghostly Visi tors," Allen, London, which has suggested these observations. The contents of the j "book is described t>y the -author as " a series | of authentic narratives;" and the introduc ! tory note, by "M. A., 0x0n.," declares that "they are authentic records of ac'aial fact; and I have in my possession," he adds, " the key to the various stories, with the full names of the persons who figure in them under initials, or with some disguise." The anonymous author can hardly expect a sceptical public to accept this anonymous sponsorship as a sufficient authentication of his stories. And there is, besides, an sir of unreality thrown over the stories by the avowedly fictitious framework in which they are set. They are related to each other by a party of Oxford undergraduates, sitting over their wine—an association of ideas which does not suggest cool heads and critical judgment. We should advise the author, in the event of a second edition being called for, to recast the form of the narratives, and give, in some instances at least, particulars which may be verified. Most of the stories are new to us; bat we recognise a few of them as old acquaintances. Glamis Castle, with its many legends, figures under the thin veil Of " Castle Caledonia," and we can assnre tifc author that some of the stories related of that ancient and most picturesque mansion are by no means "authentic" One of these stories, though not in the list of our author, obtained such currency in London society last season -that it may be well to state the plain facts. 'Glamis Castle, as everybody knows, is said to contain a secret chamber, which, together with its mysterious contents, is never known to more than three persons, namely, the Peer in possession, the factor of the estate, and the heir (if he chooses), when he comes of age. The rumor is that the mystery was solved about a year ago by the death of the occupant of the secret chamber, a half-human 'monster, at the age of ninety-seven years. The story is absurd, on the face of it, for tin legend of the Glamis mystery- chamber is far older than the repute! age of its fictitious occupant The simple truth is that the supposed solution of the mystery was dreirat by the wife of a British ambassador resident at a foreign court. She told it to Kn^limi visitors as a dream, and the dream gradually developed into an historic fact—an excellent illustration of the genesis of a myth, and pro bably also of not a few ghost stories. 