AUSTRALIAN POETRY. IPEOJI THE WBECK (ADMELEA). 0&t-5Sj;>£k Lindsay Gobdon.] ' ~*** Turn out boys "—" Wbat's up witlrour super, to-night ? The man's mad—Two' hours to daybreak I'd i sw£ar— ' >- "Start mad—=why, there isn't a glimmer of light." "Take"B6Iingbroke Alec, give Jact the young ; mare; -Tjoo'fc sharp. A large vessel lies jamm'd on the reef, ' And many on "board still, and some' wash'd' on shore. Hide straight with the new6—they may send some j relief From the township; and we—we can do little ] more. Ton, Alec, you know the near cats; you can cross The 'Sugarloaf' ford with a scramble, I think; Don't spare the blood filly, nor yet the black horse; Should the wind rise, God help them ! the ship will soon sink. 'Old Peter's away down the paddock, to drive The nags to the stockyard as fast as he can— -> A life and death matter ; so, lads, look alive," Half-dress'd, in the dark to the stockyard we J There was bridling with hurry, and saddling with j haste, Confusion and cursing for lack of a moon; ' " Be quick with these buckles, we've no time to waste " Mind the mare, she can use her hind legs to some tune." ' "Make sure of the crossing-place ; strike the old j track, They've fenced off the new one ; look out for | the holes Ur~ On the wombat hills." " Down with the slip rails; stand back." "And ride boys, the pair of you, ride for your j souls." * In the low branches heavily laden with dew, In thelong grasses spoiling with deadwood that day, Where the blackwood, the box, and the bastard oak grew, Between the tall gumtrees we gallop'd away— "We crash'd through a brush fence, we splash'd through a swamp— " We steered for the north near "the Eaglehawk's Nest"— 'We bore to the left, just beyond the Bed Camp, And round the black tea-tree belt wheel'd to the west— We cross'd a low range sickly scented with musk From wattle-tree blossom—we skirted amarsli— Then the dawn faintly dappled with orange the | dusk. And pea I'd overhead the jay's laughter noteharsh, And shot, the'first, snnstreak behind us, and soon The dim dewy uplands were dreamy with light, And full on our left flashed 'the reedy lagoon,' And sharply 'the Sugarloaf' rear'd on our right. A smother'd curse broke through the bushman's brown beard, He turn'd in his saddle, his brick-color'd cheek Flush'd feebly with sundawn,-said, "Just what I fear'd ; Last fortnight'slate rainfall has flooded the creek." Black Bolingbroke snorted, and stood on the brink One instant, then deep in the dark sluggish swirl Plunged headlong. I saw the horse suddenly sink, Till round the man's armpits the wave seem'd to curl. We follow'd—one coid shock, and deeper we sank Than they did, and twice tried the landing in vain. The third struggle won it, straight up the steep bank We stagger'd, then out on the skirts of the plain. The stockrider, Alec, at starting had got The lead, and had kept it throughout; 'twas his boast That through thickest of scrub he could steer like ] a shot, And the black horse was counted the best on the coast, The mare had been awkward enough in the dark, She was eager and headstrong, and barely half broke; She had had me too close to a big stringybarb, And had made a near thing of a crooked sheoak; But now on the open, lit up by the morn, She flungtlie white foam-flakes from nostril to neck And chased him—I batl ess, with shirtsleeves alltorn ; (For he may ride ragged who rides from a wreck) - And faster and faster across the wide heath We rode till we raced. Then I gave her her head, And she, stretching out with the hit inher teeth, She caught him, outpaced him, and passed him, and led. ! We neared the new fence; we were wide of the 1 track; I look'd right and left—she had never been tried At a stiff leap. 'Twas little he cared on the black. " You're more than a mile from the gateway," he eried. Ihungtoherhead, touched her flank withthe spurs (In the red streak of rail not the ghost of a gap); r She shortened her long stroke, she pricked her . sharp ears, She flung it behind heT with hardly a rap— I saw the post quiver where Bolingbroke struck, And guessed that the pace we had come the last ' mile Had blown him a hit (he could jump like a buck). We galloped more steadily then for a while. The heatli was soon passed, in the dim distance lay The mountain. The sun was just clearing the tips i Of the ranges to eastward. The mare—could she stay ? She was bred very nearly as clean as Eclipse ; She led, and as oft as he came to her side, She took the bit free and untiring as yet, Her neck was arched double, her nostrils were wide, And the tips of her 'tapering cars •nearly met— "You're lighter than I am," said Alec at last, "The horse is dead'beat. and the mare isn't blown. She must be a good one—ride on and ride fast, You know vour way now." So I rode on alone. Still galloping forward we passed the two flocks At MTntyre's hut and McAllister's hill— She was galloping strong at the Warrigal Rocks— On the Wallaby Bange slie was galloping still— And over the wasteland and underthe wood, By down and by dale, and by fell and by flat, She gallop'd, and here in the stirrups I stood To ease her, and there in the saddle I sat To steer her. We suddenly struck the red loam Of the track near the troughs—then she reeled on the rise— From her crest to her croup covered over with foam, And blood-red hernostrils and bloodshother eyes, A dip in the dell where the wattle fire bloomed— A bend round a bank that had shut out - the view— Large framed in the mild light the mountain had loom'd, With a tall, purple peak bursting out from the blue. I pull'd her together, I press'd her, and she ! Shot down the decline to the Company's yard, And on by the paddocks, yet under my knee I could feel her heart thumping the saddle-flaps hard. ' j " Tet a mile and another, and now we were near The goal, and the fields and the farms flitted past . And 'twixt the two fences I turo'd with a cheer, For a green grass-fed mare 'twas a far thing and fast; -"And labourers, roused by ber galloping boofs, Saw bare-beaded rider and foam-sbeeted steed ; And shone the white walls and the slate-coloured roofs " Of the township. I steadied her then—I had need— Where stood the old chapel (where stands the new church— Since chapels to churches have changed in that town) A short, sidelong stagger, a long forward lurch, A slight choking sob, and the mare had gone down. 1 slipp'd off the bridle, I slackened the girth, I ran on and left her and told them my news ; I saw her Boon afterwards. What was she worth? How much for her hide ? She had never worn shoes. 