THEATRICAL GOSSIP. Mr. Henry Irving has entered into an en gagcment with Mr. Henry £. Abbey to make a professional tour of the United States and Canada, commencing in New York, October 29t 1883. Mr. Irving will be accompanied by Miss Ellen Terry ana the Lyceum Company. Under the terms of the will of Signor Pas qnale Favaie, who died at Naples on March 7\. a strange bequest passes to the Queen of England. The testator has bequeathed to Her Majesty his moBt cherished production, called " Alzira," a tragic opera in three acts, " trusting that Her Majesty will order the same to be represented in her imperial and royal theatre for the benefit of the poor of the great city of London." The old-fashioned rural melodrama, with its wicked squire, village beauty, murderous tramp, and motley crowd of sturdy farm labourers and their rosy sweethearts, has well-nigh ]>assed out of living memory. illy While still in its prime it was occasionally made the subject or stage travestie. Mr. H. J. Byron has now disinterred it from the grave of forgotten things to make fun of itB ghost rather than itself. In a "bucolic pastoral" named "The Vil lainous Squire and the Village Rose," he has brought once more upon the boards the personages who, though the laughing stocks of the present, were the idols of a former generation. So true is it that the wisdom of one age is sometimes the folly of another. The piece written withallitsauthor's accustomed vivacity, abounds in ridiculous adventure; and has the ad vantage of excellent acting, it affords the audience such whimscial entertaiment as is to be derived from the fantastic philosophy inlerdum imanire. In his pink coat, white "cords," smart "tops," and steeple hat, with a whip in his hand which he vainly endeavours to "crack," Mr. J. L. Toole looks comical enough in all conscience. He acts with abundant fun, and is warmly applauded for his singing of various absurd songs. Xhe viuage Kose, imper sonated by Miss E. Thome, is described as "a tender, but full-grown plant," and is clearly entitled to the latter epithet, if not so manifestly to the former. Mr. G. Shelton, an actor who has a strong sense of comic character, and always makes-up well, is highly effective as the oldest inhabitant Mr. W. Garden, as an itinerant blackguard of the true Bill Sykes type, and Mr. Wesland, as a simpering swain, do good service. The scenery of the play is appropriately prepos terous. The past represensations of " The Colonel" already number iive-and-twenty scores. Yet that age, patriarchal as it is, has not ex hausted the vitality of the pleasaut little play, which on June B took a new departure, ana was acted for the 50lBt time,at the Prince of Wales's Theatre, According to a leading London journal it still looked fresh and bright, and seemed to afford as much enjoyment as ever to the andience. Of the value of stage satire as a corrector of manners we have in this comedy a remarkable proof. Mr. F. C. Buraand may take credit for having laughed out of existence a nauseous and unmanly affectation. The " msthetes," with their tumbled hair, absurd clothes, and lackadaisical looks, have, to our great relief, vanished from real life. Like flies in amber, they now survive only in the caustic ridicule of the writer, to whom first occurred the happy thought of giving lb them dramatic impersonation. The wit with which he abundantly seasoned his sarcasm retains its flavour even after the simpletons against whom it was directed have disappeared. Well acted as it is all round, there seems no reason why the piece should not continue to be performed at Mr. E. Bruce's theatre until the close of the Beason. 