A FASHIONABLE BRIDE. The time appointed for the maniage ceremony in the church was three o'clock in the afternoon. Borealia Brown, the bridegroom, and Aurora White, the bride, were in a close carriage ten blocks away, at six minutes before three. We shall get there .right on time,' said he, looking at his watch. Now, it is dreadfully unfashionable to get to the church promptly, and Aurora would have felt just like dropping through the floor, don't you know, if she had walked np to the aisle on time. "Don't yon think, my dear, it wonld be better to be ten minutes late," said she, leaning against him in a kind of harmless hug. ' "No: I pride myself on punctuality." " Five minutes, then?" m "Now, my darling, donTcoax." " Just as you say.' . She put her hand carelessly on his shoulder, and then let it drop slowly along down over his coat to a emall- poeket set in at the waist seam, where it lingered for a few seconds. "-Yon have the ring where yon can find it readily?" she remarked, lying placidly back in her s8at. " There is nothing so awkward as to fumble for the ring at the altar, you know." . _ " Oh, I've made sure on that point, as I told you," he said confidently. " I slipped the ring right into this- handy little pocket, where I—good Lord in heavens:"' " What, Borealis, what?" "The ring is lost" He thrust his fingers into the pocket madly, again and again; but the ring surely was not there. He made wild conjectures, felt in aU bis other pockets, and concluded he must have left it at Aurora's residence. He ordered the coachman to turn about When they had gone bade almost to the house, a the bottom of tbe carriage. The ring lay glittering in £ "=mer. . "I must have dropped it, said Borealis, picking it up, " but I swear I looked in that very spot two minutes ago.", , , He bad looked there, as a matter of fact, just before Aurora threw the ring down. WeU, he remarked, looking at his watch again, "you will have your way aftpr all. We can't get to chnrch "before ten minutes late, anyhow." "To be sure." . " Acute presenoe of mmd is characteristic ot brides. They may blush, but they know what they are about Their eyes may lie dim with tears, but they can see a misplaced thread in their dress. Two blocks from the church Aurora expressed a fear that she was as pale as a ghost "Say as-fair as alabaster, Handsome sng- Now, my dear," she retorted, "this is no time for compliments. Is there the least bit of color in my face ?" " Well, no, but " "I most look ghastly." . " Would you like to blush as yi» gomT He threw his arms around her, drew her to his breast with, the grip of a wrestler, an*, kissed her loud and long. He was through with it just as the carriage door was opened by an usher, and she walked into church with a satisfactory amount of pink on her cheeks.— Clara Belle. 