[?] FAIR TRADE AN P FREE TRADE. Ils. Rttchxe and Mr. Staveley Hill, the leading advocates of what is called 'Fair Trade' in England, have not been suc cessful in their attempt to induce the House of Commons to sanction even so small a measure as an enquiry into the comparative merits of their ideas, and those so ably ^expounded oy v^oDaen and Bright and other economists of the old school. Mr. Bitchie with somewhat more of zeal than discretion moved formally on March 22, 'That a select committee of the House of Com mons should lie appointed to enquire into tJie effects which the tariffs in. force in foreign countries have upon the principal branches of British trade and commerce, and into the possibility of removing by legislation or otherwise any impediment to the fuller development of the manufactur ing and commercial industry of the United Kingdom.' The main argument of Mr. Bitchie and his supporters was that free trade as a principle had signally failed ; that English goods were excluded by pro Jiibitive duties from foreign markets, While teaman -rr»nr?s r.Ollld be Sold more cheaply in England than those of British manufacture, the English pro- - ducer being thus placed at an immense disadvantage. They grew quite pathetic as they spoke of England as a country which by not protecting itself was gradually losing its trade and ruining its mamifaeturers. ' They lamentingly be 1 Wailed the fact that England as a free '-trading country could never ' put ?' tie- Ecrew on ' other nations when any t 7 trade, depression rendered such an operation a temporary remedy, while : isolated almost among nations by her \- ifflpalTpolicy she was bound under such circumstances to accept any cominer -' «aal i»nditions her protecting neighbors ?....?jclB&Sfc;'to impose. Mr. Staveley Hill lEournfufly quoted Sir John Macdonald, the Canadian premier, with the view of inducing the- House to believe that if a duty were but levied in England on all grain coming from other countries than British colonies, Australia and Canada might enjoy the monopoly of the grain market in England. To add enchantment to the view he intimated that if such duties were imposed Canada, at any Tate, ?would be willing to tate off certain ...imposts now levied in -that colony on English goods. Mr. JRitclue quoted columns of figures in order to prove- that free trade Jiad injuriously affected England. Pau-. pcrism had, he maintained, increased in undue proportion to the popu lation, and so also had emigration, especially from Ireland. He even dragged in an assumed decrease in the con sumption of tea, tobacco, and spirits, - as a sign that Britain was retro grading in prosperity - on account of Its fiscal policy. But like all advocates of fair trade, Mr. Ritchie repudiated any idea of de'siring the adoption of a policy of protection. He expressed a belief that protection was not only impossible but ^inconsistent with the position he assumed, impossible because he did not believe that a. single large industry would benefit by it, and inconsistent because he was satisfied that it was upon foreign trade the pro sperity of the country chiefly depended. Hie further added that neither manufac turers nor the working-classes wanted protection. Mr. Bitchie, in fact, protested ? too much, to suit his own cause. Of course, in his opinion, there is a difference be tween retaliatory duties and protective imposts ; but he admitted that neither the largest producers or the greatest consumers in Great Britain had any desire to return to protection, and thereby he cut the ground from under his feet. The reply was fittingly entrusted to Mr. Chamberlain and Mr. Gladstone. The president of 'the Board of Trade is a firm. . -?'dfec^le of the bid Birmingham political '.^isdiepi, and he quite as effectively, if lesa L : : ielpqiioiitly thanMr. Gladstone, demolished . ---.^ife%.Tguments of Mr. Ritchie and his 'supporters. He affirmed the utter use lessness of such an enquiry as the member for the Tower Hamlets sought, urging with much force that enquiries into the state of trade always had the initial diffi culty that -the witnesses who were for the most part forthcoming were discontented men who only had themselves to blame for the non-success of -their commercial speculations. He ruthlessly stript off the veil with which Mr. Hill and Mr. Ritchie liad covered theiridea, andmadeitstandout clearly in its true character as nothing more nor less than the reanimated ghost of protection. Hie showed that the United States j which had adopted the views of the advocates of fair trade were commercially in a niueh worse position than England. The latter, he pointed out, despite free trade, exported cotton goods to the value of £70,000,000 annually, of which £3,000,000 went to the United States, notwithstanding the restrictive tariff of ? that country ; while America herself only exported cotton- goods to the value of £2,000,000. Turning to shipping, he etated that statistics proved a marked decrease in the building ? of ships in America, the fall between 1850 and 1880 in that country having been no less than 115,000 tons, while in England during the same period the tonnage of vessels con structed had more than doubled. Mr. Chamberlain admitted that lio doubt it would ihave been better for England, in come respects, had every country in the world followed, her example and adopted free trade, but maintained that even as matters . stood what the fairtrader3 were pleased to term a one-sided system of trade was really the best for England, and that were other countries to adopt her policy, the practical effect might .; Jie a temporary depression of Briiasli/^ommerce. Mr. Gladstone com pleted 'the demolition which Mr. Cham _ berlain had begun. He protested against 1^7* J&. Ritchie's resolution as an attempt to ^ -place in the hands of all the countries of the world an argument for protection p- ? . which could only tend to the paralysation -1 ?-.,. of international commerce, and an even tual fighting over again of the great struggle which agitated Europe thirty years ago. The Prime Minister waxed justly satirical as to the varying views of the advocates of the f airtrade dogma — 3iow one desired a retaliatory duty on wines, another an impost on foreign manufac tures and articles of food, and yet another one on raw material only. Towards the closing of his speech the Hou3e re echoed with laughter as he happily suggested that were Mr. Ritchie's motion for a committee of enquiry carried, a room within the tower of Babal would be a more appropriate site for their meet ings than anyplace within the precincts of the House of Commons. But the majority- of the House, among which were to be reckoned a goodly number of Conservatives, not only laughed with Mr. Gladstone but declined to follow their leader, Sir Stafford Northcote, into the division lobby with Mr. Ritchie. Conservatism and protection are no longer synonymous, and there is little doubt but that the majority of forty-nine against the motion of the member for the Tower Hamlets would have been yet more augmented from the ranks of the Opposi tion, but for the loyalty to party which characterises its members. No one would attempt to deny that pauperism and emi gration have increased of late years in England, although it might bs disputed ?whether the increase has, as Mr. Ritchie maintained, been out of due proportion to the increase of population. If such is the case, however, it is simply a gratuitous assumption -to assign free trade a-s the cause. Statistics are, in fact, strongly . against such a view. Waves of depression must sweep over every country sooner or later, and that' such a wave ? is -the cause of _the augmented- pau- perism and emigration in the JDnited Kingdom is not difficult of .. demon stration. It would, however, be as ridi culous to argue from .such a basis that the , whole fiscal policy of the .country must be changed in order to meet what is a mere temporary condition of affairs as it would be to assume because some winter flood has broken 'through a dyke it is useless to repair the rampart. There has been a temporary increase of pauperism, but even the increased rate is vastly below the pro portion to the population in the days of protection. There is abundant and incon trovertible evidence that the policy of free trade has contributed immensely to the prosperity of Great Britain, and the acceptance by the House of Commons of Mr. Ritchie's resolution would have been useless in the face of that over whelming body of testimony. When the trade -of Great Britain is calmly viewed in relation to that of other coun tries there is not the slightest cause for alarm. The vast increase of late years in the clearings and entrances of shipping from British ports is a sure index of com mercial prosperity independently of the returns of imports and exports. Even had this not been so, and were the gloomy views of Mr. Ritchie and his sup porters supported by facts, and even if the recent agricultural depression were not decreasing as it is, England is to be congratulated on the result of the division. No cause even for enquiry was shown, and certainly none to justify the reversal of a policy which has stood the test of thirty years' experience, and under which the country has materially prospered. 