HENRY KENDALL WHEN Shelley, in that superlative, rhapsody '|sS?*:iv;o:£:Words — ' Alastor' — pictured the -penalties S;|p^iyof the poetio gift, ho used tho inspired lan ;l:%*K;K'-guago'of tho poet, to utter the wisdom of the /fi'w'f® ' philosopher. Alastor, the reader will remo^n fei'?tS:?:vber,- is -a dreamer and singer, who, having 0y$y-. .;1:V almost exhausted tho fonntains of beauty, ib :'w!-;'-vi;?'fe'BtiU insatiate. He recognises a vastness and K-i'Vf'fi'J' love in his nature, which lack their satisfying '?? --V ?'-?? -'^ r-niintflron.rf;'irt thaworld : and. to find' whether 'Sj;!;.':'^' that counterpart exists, is the object of his -:;;:?: V;pdetio aim. He seeks in vain, utterly in vain ; |: .?.:;, and, baffled and blasted by keen disappoint ?''??' 'i''.' merit, finds an early grave. :;; .:.':?..:. If it were'ever the lot of the poet to test this ?:;'.? ?'.'.. .-Bort of theory, the nineteenth century certanly J!1.!'. offers an excellent field. In this age, tho sin ??;?? ..ger, except in isolated cases, personally proves ?;;;/? the truth of Hamlet's aphorism, that 'the ^?:;''.*-...;'..irorldiBOUt-of joint;' nor has he the good ????''?'.??':?:'.' luck, to be able to say with the Danish prince, .;; '(hat lie 'was born to set it right.' Society, in point of fact, seems to have been 'born' to sut the bard right — or wrong, which amounts to tho same thing. For it cannot be denied, , in spito of illustrious examples to tho con trary, that the gift of song is often as fatal r tho possessor's peace, as the Greoian horse vas to the doomed Trojans. Whether tho fault boon the side of the singer, or the world, I am not called upon to determine. I simply affirm, that, amid the hoarse roar of this utili tarian age, tho poet is heard merely by suf ferance : and sorrow, in some shape or other, Beems to bo his portion. He pipes to a gene ration that will not dance, or, it it dance, waits till ho is dead. Upon tho fiareer of Henry Kendall the stamp of sorrow has been set. With a noble hearted wife and beautiful children, he pos sessed. at least one 'of tho main elements of social happinoss. But an overwhelming gloom dominated him perpetually. His songs aro steeped in an olemont of the sorrowful. Had ho preceded, in placo of following, Edgar Poe, ono would have seon in him tho ombodi ment of that 'unhappy master' of whom this first of American goniusos writes so mournfully and so melodiously : — 'Whom unmorciful Ahastav Followed fast, and followed faster, till his songs ono burdon boro i Till tlio dirges of his hopo the molnncholy bunion l)oro Of noror — novermoro.' Nor was that gloom produced, in the main, by tho failing which a portion of tho press has so unnecessarily accentuated. Thoso who knew tho inner lifo of Henry Kendall as well as. tho present writer did, can certify that family troubles formed' a reason sufficiently valid to account for most of his sorrow. In his domestic relations, he had every blessing that a devoted wife and children can give. But, outside that — and tho veil need be lifted no further — ho incurred perplexities which weighed heavily upon his soul. The simple features in connection with tho poet's lifo have been often mentioned, and may be briefly summarised. Born in tho Ulladalla district, in 1842, his earliest recol lections were saturated with tho beauty of one of the most favored spots in the colony. Passing over minor matters related to his youth, undoubtedly the first fact of import ance connected with his mental developo ment, is that of being associated with the author of ' John Cumberland' — James Lionel Michael— a name almost forgotten by tho present generation of readers. Michael was a solicitor by professon, but cherished an affection for the Muses, which thoso ladies did not altogether reciprocate. Ho was also attached to literature generally. Important indeed, was Michael's influence over the risiug poet, who had, even then, begun to 'sip Castalian dews.' And until Michael's lamen ted and mysterious death, the warmest feeling subsisted between them. Among Australian authors, however, Harpur was Kendall's earliest favorite. To the last, he retained the highest admiration for Harpur — although, of course, less for what Harpur did than for what he might and could have done. For Charles Harpur had many of the potent ialities of greatness ; but his was ' unfulfilled renown.' Not boing enamoured of a profession which, as, Junius says, ' lives by the indiscriminate defence of right and wrong,' Kendall jilted tho law, and not long after entered tho Survey Office, and subsequently the Colonial Secre tary's Department. Becoming dissatisfied — not an uncommon experience for intellect cooped up in the Government service — he went to Melbourne, thus resigning official lifo. He was led to visit the southern colony owing to the fact of having won a poetical prize offered by a Victorian journal ; and he fondly imagined that there was an opening for him as a literary man there. Here he stayed for a time, experiencing vicissitudes known only to himself and those who were his friends indeed. Eventually, in this darker period of his life, he visited Sydney again ; and subsequently went to Gosford, where Charles Fagan, J.P., housed and befriended him with a warmth which Kendall never forgot. After a variety of experiences, he visited Camdon Haven as clerk to the Messrs. Fagan, who have an extensive business in that lovely, but wild, locality. Here he stayed until he received the position, ten dered by a genius-rewarding Government, of Inspector of . Forest Heserves. In this position he had to encounter many physical hardships for which he was ill-fitted, and, a little over two months and a half ago, he re turned to Sydney, utterly debilitated. From that time he sank, and, in the house of the Messrs. Fagan Bros., Sydney, he died on' the 1st August. These noble-hearted men, whose names deserve to be remembered while Kendall remains a_ poetic power in the land, ministered to his dying wants, and his devoted wife incessantly watched beside him. He was buried by a handful of mourners at the Waverley Cemetery, near the sea ; and not far from the resting-place of Samuel Bennett, who was long attached to him. In a brief sketch, wliero the limitations of space are inexorable, a finished appraise ment of Kendall's poetry is hardly to bo ex pected. Nevertheless, a few remarks aro necessary. The first volume published by the poet contained much that was immature, and little that he wished remembered. But his own judgment of it was far too harsh. It contained songs which possessed the true ring and swing and vigor of a genuine Austra lian lyric. In suoh songs tho power^whioh is, after all, the mint-mark of genius — was unmistakeable. The melody, too, was most undeniable; and, in a tardy way, the local press, which sees 'no good in Nazareth,' acknowledged him. This was about 1802. Seven years after was issued the volume 'Leaves From Australian Forests,' which, among some ' stray echoes from the the elder sons of song' (as the jjoet modestly puts it) contains some splendid poetic tri umphs, which the ' world will not willingly lot die.' What, as a masterly piece of vivid word painting, could be finer than ' Tho Hut by the Black Swamp ?' Pictured by the genius of the chronicler, it stands out in unsurpassed realism. Within the circuit of those gloomy slabs, Murder has held saturnalia, and the place is thrice accursed by tho terrible ban of blood. There is not a weak stanza in the poem— :crisp, sharp, and passionately incisive, the poet can write nil ultra across his work. Here are three stanzas, and those unquoted are no better and no worse : — Across this hut tho nottlo runs, And livid adders mnko their lair In corners dank from lack of suns ;. And out of fotid furrows stare ' Tho growths that scare. Here Summer's grasp of iiro is laid' ? .. ? ' On bark and Blabs, that rot and breed ?: Squat ugly things of donclly shade— ... ' . Tho scorpion and tho spiteful seed Of centipede. . ? . :' : : Unhallowed thundors, harsh and dry, , ?' :\ .'.* And flaming noontides mute with beat . . Beneath tho breathless brnzon sky .; \ : Upon these rifted raftors beat -. : With torrid foot. , '' , Entirely in another style is ' September in Australia,' whioh is a veritable poem of greet ing to the season when— , ; Groy Winter hath gone like a wearisome guest, And, bohold, for repayment September comes in with tho wind of tho west. And the Spring in her raiment. Most of those who peruse this will remem ber ' Ghost Glen,' a poem of weird and eerie energy. It is in this volume. Hero, too, are to be found some of those poems of his which are pure songs. ' The Warrigal,' ' On a Cattle Track,' ' The Cattle Hunters,' and others, are exquisite for affluence of color and delicacy of touoh. They have the breezy melody and rushing sweep of the true ringing lyrio, and aro closely related to that beautiful poem in the first volume, commenc ing: - ? ? . . 'From tho hills of the Narran, white- dotted , withsheop.' ? ' Euroclydon ' is as erratic in treatment as it is in metre. Tako this verse for example : ' And tho wilted thyme And tho patches past Of tho nettles cast . In tho drift of the rift; and tho broken vino, Aro tumbled and Mown To every zono With tho famished gledo and tho plovcra . thinned . ? . By this [fourfold wind, ;.: This wind sublime' . ; What could be more singular or successful in its way than the hymn to this 'Pom-fold wind, This wind sublimo ?' In this volume, too, are those sweet bits of Keatsian word-painting, 'Araluen,' 'Ilia Creel:,' ' Moss on a 'Wall,' 'In the Volley,'. ' Mountain Moss,' - and that most musical study, commencing : ' By channels of coolness tho echoes aro calling.' Nor must I omit to mention at least three other poems. 'The Voyage of Telegonus,' and ' Ogyges ' are splendid rehabilitations of beautiful Greek myths. The stylo is lofty and classic, the diction wonderfully sustained. Kendall's intellect, although he knew nothing of Greek as a language, was singulary Hel lonio in tono and tendency. And those poems aro filled and vital with tho majestic solem nity of tho subjeots. Each is tho sublime monody of a human fate or woo; Destiny hangs over eaoh liko a funeral pall, and sor row and hopelessness are tho burdens of tho songs. Of ' King Saul at Gilboa,' I shall simply say that it is one of the most porfeot Sonp tural paraphrasos in tho .language, and brief and rapid -as tho study is, I do not hesitate to express this as my deliberate judgment. I have little time now, to refer to tho third volume ; but it may bo briefly handled. It is remarkable then, mainly for a now do parturo in subject. In 'Black Lizzie,' and ' Black Kate,' and especially in such skits, as ' Bill tho Bullook-drivor,' and ' Jem tho Split ter,' Kondall has taken a wider flight, and has alighted in a largor fiold than formerly. He assumes here tho r&lo; of an Australian Bret Harte— and though he has not tho hu mour of Bret, ho has a far finer command of all the armoury of poetry. ' Bill the Bullock driver,' for oxamplo, is conceived in a spirit of singular power. It is an absoluto study of a phase of Australian forest lifo. It is a vir tual word-photograph, drawn by a genuine, son of Apollo. It is characterised by both genius and truth, and had not Kendall died shortly after ho discovered his adaptability for this style of composition, we should doubtless have had somo superlative studies of a pecu liarly Australian typo. As it is, wo must re cognise, without stint, tho authentic mission of this poet to pourtray phenomenal phases of bush lifo. The rest is our loss. But certain of tho serious productions in this volume aro singularly powerful. They aro among Kendall's very best. It is tho fashion among somo critics to affect to believe that Kendall's carlior wore his best poems. Tho idea is absurd. Kondall showed, in rhetorical structure and woof, a distinctive advance to tlfo very end. What can bo more beautiful in its way than tho Melbourne Exhibition Cantata ? Fluent, and of astonish ing beauty metrically, it is a lyrical gem. Listen to the ring of this — Pressed is tho beautiful City— tho spires of it Burn in the fh-mamont, stately and still ; Forest has vanished— tho wood and tho lyres of it, Lutes of tho sea-wind, and harps of tho hill. This is tho region — and horo is tho hay by it — Collins, tho deathless, beheld in a dream, Flinders and Fawkner, our forefathers gray by it Paused in tho hush of a season supvomo. Horo, on tho waters of majesty near to us, Lingered tho leaders by towers of flamo — Elders who turn from tho lordly old years to us, . Crowned with the- light of inoffablo famo. Two other poems, most remarkable for beauty, are 'Narrara Creek' and 'Beyond Kerguclen.' I do not hesitate to say that, for melody and chime, some verses of tho former and tho whole of the latter are not excelled in the wide range o£ English poetry. Listen to the opening notes of ' Narrara Creek ' — From tho rainy hill-heads whoro, in starts and in spasms, Leaps wild tho whito torrent from chasms to chasms; . ? From tho homo of hold echoes, whoso voices of wonder Fly out of blind cavoms struck black by high thunder; Through gorges august, in whoso nether rccosses Is heard tho far psalm of unseen wildornesses— Liko r. dominant spirit— a strong-handed sharer Of spoil with tho toinpest— iomes down tho Narrara. Yea, whoro tho great sword of tho hurricane clcavoth The forested foils that tho -lnrk' novcr lenvoth ; By fierce-featured crags, in whoso ovil abysses Tho clammy snake coils, and tho flat adder hisses ; Past lordly rock temples, whoro siloneo is rivon By tho nnthems snpromo of tho four winds of heaven : It Bpeeds with tho cry of tho streams of the It chained to its side,'and dragged down from tho mountains. For descriptive majesty these verses can hardly be excelled ; and for complete mastery over a measure that taxes rhythmio capabi lities, take ono stanza of ' Beyond Kerguqljn.' The rest are equally powerful. Storm from tho Polo is the singer that sings to it — Hymns of the land at tho planet's groy vergo — Thunder discloses dark wonderful things to it, Thunder and rain and tho dolorous surge Hills with no hope of a wing or a leaf on them, Scarred with the chronicles written by flnme, Stare through the gloom of inscrutable grief on them, Down on tho horns of tho gulf without nanio. Clifiis with tho record of fierce flying fires on them Loom over perilous pits. of eclipso ; Alps, with anathemas stamped in tho spireB on thorn; . ' Out by the wave, witli a curse on its lips I Modelled in precisely the same measure, and possessed of the same powerful characteristics, is' Tho Curse of Mother Flood.' In these phases of poeticdelineation, the graphic power of Kendall is unrivalled. His remarkable com mand of metre and the resources of poetry — the singular mastery of words which enables him to emphasise his meaning by an aggre gation of epithet, are marked distinctly in these and many others of his poems. I think I need say no more to vindicate the extraordinary merit of many poems in this third volume. And, besides those mentioned are many of no less merit. There is a touch ing pathos in such' poems as ' Araluen,' and 'Mary Eivers;' a fine descriptiveness in 'Pytheas;' a tender softness in 'Hy-Brosil.' Whoso runs may read all this. It was, I think, 'Orion' Home who, in describing Deniehy's sensuous appreciation of musical diction, affirmed that his ' mouth watered at words,' just as a gourmand's at a pulpy peach. Far more than to Doniehy, this remark applies to Kendall. There is little in our poet's verse of tho grand Wordsworthian meditative faculty — there is little of ' that 'sugar-coated pill' philosophy in metre. Kendall was essen tially a descriptive poet — an interpreter of Nature's myriad phases. Ho cared little for the . pourtrayal of human passions ; but no contemporaneous poet ever wrought more successfully, to evoke the strong melody that lies in honey-syllabled combinations of words, than Henry Kendall. He speaks, in one of his ' sugared sonnets ' (as Meres would have called them) of the ' sumptuous comfort loft in drowsy eyes,' by the 'haunting songs' of Alfred Tennyson. And this with all naturalness; for, of all English poets, living or dead, Tennyson is simply the most impeccable as an artist. He is tho most consummate artificer in dexterous poetic workmanship that England has ever seen ; and by the sheer force of natural sympathy and intellectual tendency Kendall has, with out imitating, learnt much of tho elder bard's full-bodied style. That his opinion and admiration of Tennyson were strong to a most remarkable degree, I know ; for, many a time, in conversation with me, Kendall would put Tennyson at the head of all English poetry, past or present — Shakspere and tho Elizabethans, as ho would emphatically say, included. In close accord with the most successful modorn poetry, then, Kendall's verse is essen tially rhetorical in structure and woof — as much so as Tennyson's or Swinburne's. For, although these living leaders of the poetic worldihave little in common, they are alike in the marvellously facile play' of their rhetoric. Their styles aro, of course, antipodal, For, while Swinburne, with a lyrio impetuosity and wealth of wprds absolutely Pindaric, hymns his ' Songs' to revolutionists and 'advanced thinkers' — Tennyson, with sublime artistic tranquility, pens rosthetio products, fit at times for his own dreamy passionless lotos eaters. Besides descriptive power, Kendall had a tender vein of pathos and melancholy ; a kind of placid sadness, half a sentiment — half an emotion. And, had he lived to cultivate the comio and satiric faculties he .developed, we should have soon possessed spirited sketches of forest eccentricities, compared with which ' Wollombi Jim,' and ' Bill the Bullockdri ver,' are but ' pallid adumbrations.' Enough has I think been said for the pre sent. Tho poet is dead ; but his works, vital ized by genius, are undying. He reposes at Waverley Cemetery, within sound and sight of the illimitablo sea, lulled — if lulling be needed . after a'lifo's unrest — by tho voice of tho many sounding surge. ' Give me a drink from the sea,' he said, in ono of those half-delirious moments that preceded death. And, pursuant to his last request, ho sloops by tho sea. Not far romoved from him, is the gravo of Samuel Bennett, who was over a voritablo friend to tho vanished singer. For tho rost what shall I say ? ' After life's fitful fever, ho sleeps well.' And with tho Homan's ' Ave atqxte vale' on my lips, I stretch my hands out into the dark, and mur mur tho poot's own lines on Lionol Michael : ? ' Bo bis rest the roat ho' sought, Calm and (loop, ? Lot no hittor speech or;thought Vox his slcop.' P. J. Holbbwortii. ? -i« ? 