GREAT BRITAIN. ME. P. H. O'DONNELL, M.P., AND MR. BRIGHT. A CRUSHING BEPLY TO THE EUtMUfGHAM OOBEOIOOT8T. Mr. O'Donnell, M.P., haB addressed the following instructive letter to the Times:— SIB,—The position of Mr. Bright in .the Government and the Liberal party, and especially the closeness of bis connection with the agrarian movement in Ireland during: a long period of time, make his utterances on the present condition of Irish affairs noteworthy and . Interesting in no ordinary degree. His recent speeches to his constituents might have been expected to convey some .suggestions or some recommendations which Irishmen, as well as Englishmen, wonld welcome as a useful contribution to the appreciation of the existing situa tion. It is with deep regret that we Lave found little in those voluminous orations that was not calculated to increase the perplexity with which all classes of Irishmen, without distinction of party, witness the proceedings of her Mfljesfcy's present advisers. In the first place, I would venture to ask what can have been the purport of the extraordinary reference to the representation of Ireland in the Imperial Parliament wbich formed so striking a feature of Mr. Bright's lecturings on the ingratitude of the Irish race to their British benefactors P I am aware that there is this special attraction about many of Mr. Bright's retrospects and narratives of past events—that they present entirely original views on the most hackneyed subjects, and attach the charm of perfect novelty to the best known occurrences of history. The Chancellor of the Duchy has, however, almost excelled even himself when he asks '' how it would be possible to treat a portion of the United Kingdom with greater freedom and generosity than, with regard to representation, Ireland is treated by the Union." Mr. Bright illustrates this marvellous contention by a comparison between Ireland and three selected districts of Great Britain, in which an exceptional increase of population enables him to draw triumphant conclusions against the misgoverned country which the worst of laws have steadily depleted of the flower and vigour of ita people from decade to decade. But I will not dwell upon a device as unworthy as it is futile. I say nothing of the fact, ignored by the right hon. gentleman, that at this moment two men in three who would possess the franchise in England are disfranchised in the boroughs of Ireland. I take the treatment of Ireland "as regards representation " since the Union, and I tell the Chancellor of the Duchy that, instead of fairness, not to speak of "generosity," Ireland received nothing from the Union but the most shameless ishonesty and the most conspicuous oul play. Mr. Bright has seized, apparently with satisfaction, upon the miserable revelations of the census of last year, which show that at length Ireland has been brought under imperial administration to yield the data necessary for his argument against our present numbers in the Imperial Parliament. Why did Mr. Bright forget lo add that the census of 1881 alone supplies such data ? Why did he forget to add that every former census showed in Btronger and stronger colours the monstrous under-representation which had been imposed upon Ireland by the fraudulent conditions of the Act of Union ? The experience of six months has satisfied him that Ireland possesses too large a representation in the Imperial Parliament. The experience of eighty years, during wbich Ireland was defrauded of her rightful representation, could not evoke a single protest against Buch injustice from his universal and well advertised philanthropy and benevolence. What are the facts P At the census of 1801 we were nearly five millions and a half to the ten millions and a half of the population of Great Britain. Did we possess our rightful share of representation as more than a third of the population of the United Kingdom? Had we some 220 or 230 members in the Imperial Parliament ? We bad only 105. Not the half of our rightful share. At the census of 1811 we were six millions to the 12 millions in the " sister" country. Though a full third of the total population, had we been placed in possession of the third of the representation P We were still defrauded by British "generosity" of more than half of our rightful share. We were Btill 105 .members when we ought to have been more than 220. At the census of 1821 we were nearly seven millions to the 14 millions of our "sister"nation. Had our "sister" yet learnt to do justice and grant us redress P No. At the census of 1831 we were nearly eight millions to our sister's 16 millions. After thirty years of the most- conspicuous inequality and. wrong-doing— Mr. Bright calls it " generosity" — were we any nearer to the grant of our rightful share in the common representation P No; we were still 105 Irish members, while the additional 100 or 120 seats which ought to be ours were monopolised as greedily as ever by our " generous" and " united" sister. At the census of 1841 we were more than eight millions, and the population of - Great Britain was more than J8 millions. Still almost the third of the total population of the United Kingdom, we were, still restricted to less than' the sixth part of the united representation. At the census of 1851 the famine had come, and with it the famine polloy of England, We hadaunk toslxmilllons and ^ half, while Great Britain had risen to 21 pillions. But we were .atill en titled to something like 160 represents' tives, and still we were put off with the cheat of 105. At the census of 18G1, 700,000 more of our people had passed away from our hills and valleys to the chill coasts of death or to exile in the stranger's land. The population of Great Britain had still continued to rise to 23,000,000, but famine and the crowbar brigade had still left us a right to some 140 representatives, instead of 105. Mr. Bright was in the House of Commons. Why was the voice of his " generosity" dumb ? Even in 1871 our rightful share of representation, as Colonel Nolan pointed out in the debates in the House of Commons, was 112 members. Mr. Bright had increased his weight and popularity in his country, but still there was not the ghost of a demonstration of the " generosity" of the Birmingham friend of Ireland and mankind. It is not until ten years later, after another decade of our sister England's rule, that the right hon. gentleman springs to his feet at the glad tidings that the population of Ireland is at least a full quarter of a million less than it was in the last year of the Irish Parliament, and magnanimously declares that even his " generosity" cannot endure the spectacle of the scandalous over representation of Ireland in the Imperial House of Commons. The tender susceptibilities of the Chancellor of the Duchy evidently are not disposed to wait for a possible return of Irish prosperity and population with the patience with which he noted and prepared to utilise the decrease of the Irish people. Sir, I have only two words more to speak upon the allegations of the Chancellor of the Duchy. I observe that be has referred to an observation of the member for Wexford in the course of a discussion last year upon the existing " ordinary law" of land tenure and landlord rights in Ireland. Mr. Healy, the Chancellor of the Duchy complains, boasted that the Land League had '' knocked the ordinary law into a cocked hat." Now, I am not going to dispute with Mr. Bright about the academic elegance of this mysterious metaphor. Mr. Bright is an arbiter of oratorical tastes, as he exemplified last night when he explained the appearance of a " foolish" article in the Times by the tasteful suggestion that "he supposed that the writer in the Times was a little bit confused at the moment. One does not know how soon it was after dinner, and what he had for dinner." But I must protest most emphatically against Mr. Bright's assertion that Mr. Healy's remark is a justification for the suspension of constitutional law in Ireland by a liberal administration. If Mr. Healy rejoiced at the nullity to which the "ordinary law'' as it then existed had been reduced, Mr. Healy's sentiments were destined to be adopted by the Government of which Mr. Bright is such a distinguished member. '' Healy's Clause,'' accepted by Mr. Gladstone, incorporated in Mr. Gladstone's Land Act, applied by Mr. Gladstone's Land Commissioners, is at this moment "knocking into cocked hat" the whole ordinary law of Ireland on the subject of landed property, and is compelling Irish landlords by the score and the hundred to disgorge a large, sometimes a crushing, proportion of their ordinary incomes. Now, if we turn to the words of Mr. Bright's colleague in the Cabinet and in the representation of Birmingham, spoken on the same platform from which Mr. Bright ventured to denounce Mr. Healy, can I find any essential difference between Mr. Chamberlain's and Mr. Healy's appreciations of the " ordinary Jaw" which the Land League assailed. Mr. Chamberlain calls that law one by which the landlords exercised " the right of exacting excessive and extortionate rents from their unfortunate tenants." Mr. Chamberlain spoke of rents as being proved to be " unbearable," and, added emphatically that " for upwards of sixty years tenants and - their predecessors had been robbed of their improvements, clinching his observation with the declaration, which ' would certainly of Trade a somewhat inferior class of board and lodging at her Majesty expense if uttered in Ireland, that "'these cases are sufficient to account for the outrages which we deplore." Or must I ask if, indeed, that in the Liberal is but a choleric Word which in the Land Leaguer is flat blasphemy J In conclusion, I would say that there was one matter of the first importance to which Mr. Bright might with adjutage have given his attention, and which it is deeply to be regretted that he entirely overlooked. I refer to the celebrated declaration of the Chancellor of the Duohy on the "prairie value" which in the generality of cases represented, acoording to him, all that was morally the due of the Irish landlords. "If all that had been done by the tenants in Ireland' was gone,''said the right hon. gentleman, amid the applause of the Treasury Bench, "and all that the owers have dorie left. it would finish the debate in ten minutes. Over nine-tenths of Ireland the land would be as V, t in prehistoric times of barns, f en •» cultivation. It would have been 17b as an American prairie where the I now roams and where the foot of t? white man has not trodden." The ri u hon. gentleman will doubtless rememC fetf Mr Parnell has been Kilmamham gaol for repeating thy® 66ntim6nt8* Perhaps, also, at the same time it would have been interesting, thoarit personally inconvenient, if Mr. Brieht had chosen to give an authorised com-, mentary on his inspiriting panegyric on the American connections of the Iri»V people delivered in Dublin Rotnndo at no distant date. "I do not wonder" said the future member of a Coercion Cabinet, " that the people here are look, ing more to America than to England. I think there is a good deal in that. "Wh^ we consider how many Irishmen have found a refuge in America, I do not know how we can wonder at that statement. You will recollect that when theancient Hebrew prophet prayed in his captivity he prayed with his window open towards Jerusalem. You know that the followers of Mahomet, when they pray, turn their faces towards Mecca. When the Irish peasant ash for food, and freedom, and blessing, eye follows the setting sun; the aspirations of his heart reach beyond the Atlantic, and in spirit he grasps hand? with the great Republic of the West." Surely, sir, these apparent incitements to "public rapine" and "foreign conspiracy" might have reoeived some erplanation calculated to reconcile recent incongruities and to remove the painful perplexities of former listeners and disciples of the right hon. gentleman in Ireland. I have the honour, sir, to remain your obedient servant, FRANK HUGH O'DONNELL. Irish Parliamentary OfEcee, 6th Jan. 