CHAPTER XLIX. One night, cold, hungry, aud miserable. Jack sat on the liiii i» the park that faced the principal street of Grit. It was Saturday night. Beneath, in the sliadows, walked lovcra, 'coiiversinc in low tones, planning the future winch was to be so pleasant; enjoying their fleeting hour of happi ness, regardless of the terrible future of pain that was in store. In the street, the glare of gas lit up a crowd that was only the phantom of the vast army that a few months before moved and liad their being there. The Busy Bee was the ghost of itself, surrounded by a few spectral figures, broken down brokers, insolvent speculators, and money less loafers. Was it all a dream ? In the back ground was outer darkness, save the red light of an engine fire gleamed ; and in the distance the mighty monster man had called into being to help him in the search for gold — that search which was almost fruitless now — groaned, and puffed and snorted. Gazing on the scene, the tears came into Jack's eyes, as the memories of the past came crowding into his soul, filling it with agony. Phantoms of the past they were to him now: days that had passed away — faces cold in death, or lost to him for ever ; eyes tliat met his love — hands that clasped his in friendship — gone ; all gone — and he was alone ! That day he liad gone as a last resource to the Hesperus Extended, where once he was lord supreme, and asked for work. While he was talking to Sniggle Snickers, Obadiah Sweetcomfort came up. Snickers had kept up a sort of sneering conversation with Jack. The moment Obadiah saw him, a demoniacal smile overspread his face ; he could not conceal his glee. He was not afraid of Jack now, for the poor fellow was too wan and thin to give him a blow as he had done in the old times. What a difference there was in the two men now. Jack was a mere scarecrow, while Obadiah liad absolutely filled out, and looked comfortable and wealthy. As he stood there he handled bis massive watchguard, pulled out Ids heavy chron ometer to look at the time, and twirled Ids fingers so that the valuable diamonds might scintillate in the face of his old enemy. Obadiah was now a great man. He had ceased to dwell in Grit, and had betaken himself to Melbourne, where he lived in state, having become a laud-owner there ; and he bade well to become a bank director and share holder in permanent companies, and a great man in the laud. He generally deigned to visit Grit, however, once a fortnight, and then its impecunious inhabitants waited upon him as a lord, and begged, but in vain, for loans. Obadiah did not care for the security they could give ; he could invest his money to a greater advantage in the metropolis. But he had still a few shares in the mines, and took a very active interest in the welfare of Grit, attending every political demonstration most religiously ; for he had an eye on the constituency, and thought that he would attain the desire of his soul at the 'nest election, and oust Hector Macinnis. Only this was wanted to make him the happiest man in the world. Obadiah, however, said nothing to Jack that could be construed into insolence or cruelty, but he acted in such a way that the unfortunate man felt as if he would sooner have been thrust into the furnace and slowly incinerated. When Sniggle Snickers told him there was no prospect of work, he tottered away ; but Obadiah followed him, and, in his slimy way, held out a sovereign. ' You may want something, Jack, just for the present,' he said. Had death stared Jack in the face, he would not have taken this giftjso insultingly offered. His old spirit returned, and he felt as if he could have killed this heartless, relentless man. As he walked away, he heard the low chuckle of the two wretches who stood watching him. Jack had never eeen Maggie since the day he met her at the station, being resolved to give no more cause of offence to Bertha. Now, however, it seemed to him that she was the last support he could lay hold of ; so he made his way to the house where she had lived. He was surprised to see strange ladies sitting under tho verandah sewing. When he rang the bell, a servant came out, and looking at him with all that superciliousness which these persons assume towards the poor, asked him what he wilted. Jack inquired whether Maggie was in, upon which the servant flew into a righteous rage, and asked him how dare he inquire about ' sich people.' Jack humbly replied that the lady had lived there once, and he had not known she had shifted. ' Well,' said the servant, with that glcefulness widen characterises people when im parting bad news, 'that lady, as you call her, sold this 'ere house to my master, and cleared out to Melbourne,' and with a laugh, she slammed the door in his face, stating ' she wasn't going to stand there talking to rubbage all day.' This was a terrible blow to Jack. He wandered aimlessly about the gullies, where, in the old times lie and Spot, poor Spot — dead years ago — tended sheep together, happy as the day was long. And, when the night came*, he sought the Park, and sat there watching the panorama of life below. Was it to be wondered at, that under such cir cumstances, Jack began to ponder whether it were not better to quit this sphere of ein and suffering, and seek refuge in a world that could not be by any means worse ? He had contemplated suicide often since bis downfall. At night time, and during dark days, the idea was ever present, at times assuming the form of a shadowy being standing at his side, and tempting him to rid Itimsplf of his troubled life. But, although Jack was not religious, although he liad been brought up in darkness, his matorer years had been too busy to permit of self -education in religious matters, he combated the Phantom successfully, not on religious, butou manly grounds. After all he argued that the taking of one's life was a cowardly act, and that the suicide would deserve aud receive a coward's fate, if there was such a thing as another world. Besides, the hope ever clung to him that after all fate had a better life in store for him ; that he would yet be happy with Bertha. That strange vision which had three times visited him, seemed to give him fresh heart every time he thought of it. But this night the Phantom 'was more powerful than ever. When he passed a shaft on bis road down to the town, the Phantom seemed to drag him to the brink, and then when looking into the depths it whispered to him, what a happy release it would be to fling himself down, aud end all Ids miseries. Who, said the Phantom, spoke of another world? They were fools; there was no other world, and eternal punishment was a silly bugbear, only fit to frighten children. He that would be free, should strike the blow himaplf. When he went by the glistening miniature lake in the park, whose mimic waves washed its slippery sides, the same dreadful Presence was near, and suggested a refuge in its sullen bosom. But the vision of the bright Spirit that had promised 1dm the Shining Reef, seemed to hover over the water, and to point to happier days; so he passed on. Now, however, when sitting Jiere alone, cold and wretched, the baleful demon returned with twofold power, and crowded into his vision the past until lie was stung to desperation. How, whispered the fiend, could he ever attain to the wealth and position that had been his ? Only in the course of very many years, aud if they ever returned to him, it would be when he was a hideous old man, with all his power of enjoyment gone. 'Was this worth the pain and misery tliat must be bis — hard work, disappointment, perhaps deatb. No, no ; it would be better to cut the knot, and at once solve the great mystery. Jack rose from his seat. His mind was at last made up. He glanced at the great street which had seen Ids rise and fall, and bade it farewell for ever. The pliaiitom of destruction was before him; it gaily guided Idm on in the direction of a partially iilled sliaft that was in the Park. Jack followed it quickly, clenching his hands firmly, and shutting his teeth, as if to nerve liimself up to the terrible deed. He paused at the brink. An army of dancing demons seemed to flit about in the gloom of the shaft, beckoning out of the dark water where a star or two were reflected. He drew in his breath, took one glance at the shining firmament he would see uo more, and— ' Hollo, there ! ' cried a strong, manly voice, and a hand was laid upon bis arm; 'what do you mean? Why, another moment and you'd have been down there l-eyond tlie art of a doctor.' Jack put his hand over his eyes. It was William Brown who spoke. 'Good God!' said William, recognising Ids wretched friend. ' Have I saved you, poor Jack ! I was coming borne from work, when I saw a man standing suspiciously near this old sliaft, and laid hold just in time to save you.' 'I am mad,' said Jack. 'No doubt, no doubt,' said William, kindly; ' aud yon have suffered enough to drive a Samson mad. Why didn't you come to me? Here I've lwen sending and searching for you, but you've become such an owl, and I have so little time, tliat I never dropped across you. Come, Jack, you must come home with me, and you shall have half of what I liave,- even if its my last sixpence. Emily will soon put you to rights. Poor fellow! poor Jack ! But don't think I will interfere with your independence. A few others, aud I have found wliat we think a Good show on the lull, close to where I live, aud we are thinking of starting some one to prnspwt it. You' shall have a share. Jack, aud you'll work it, while the others and I will pay in ; and if we get a golden reef, the old times will come back again. Eh ? Jack, old man — dear old man.' ' God bless you, William,' said Jack, the tears gushing from his eyes. 'You are still the same.' ' Still tbesamo; forever the same,' said William. ' Could I forget what you have been to me, dear Jack ? Ceme along.' 