.TALES & SKETCHES. SAVED FEOM! THE "WRECK. U 8ns JoHjt.EBSBTODOCK, of Cliudlcigh Park, was one of ray fallior's oldest friends. When, j.j" howovor, lio succeeded to tho baronetcy and ' family ostates, and liad no further need to .... struggle for fame or fortune, tbeir intimacy ; grow loss familiar, although it never entirely ceased. A year or so after my father's death .1 received an invitation from Sir John to visit him for a week or two, if X could spare tho 'i'i time.'.' ,Sis letter, which was couched in the inmost frank and gonial terms, conveyed also the .^. enticing information that a magnificent trout \- stream ran through his estate. That tempta was beyond .my resistance. I If ft tho ^'■"'narrow limits of-my dingy office, with its 3v' 'I miniature pyramids of briefs, and ponderous 'p 'array o£ legal folios, and, looking out my ! .cjioicesfc fishing tackle, posted off to answer in * "'person my esteemed host's proffered invitation. r'! * ' Night had fallen before I arrived at Chud leigh Park ; but, as the post-chaiee rolled up f to the front entrance, the portly figure of Sir <•' _ Johnj with his good-humoured face beaming '• ^'Snth smiles, and his voico ringing with ahearty ilcomo, met me at the door. Ho had never ,.t -iitelcL—, - . . . . — — ' - seen me, nor I him, sinco I was a chubbv -oheoT " * ... eked boy ; and, as we passed into tho fuller j light of the dining-room, and he welcomed mo ,J again-witli a strong, earnest grasp, I could . detect tlio ghost of old times gliding through &rhiB; memory.- Some expression of my faco, or ir- tone of my .roice; might have called it up.; • something,-'doubtless, that reminded him. of •st*\ the friend who had stood by his side in the dawn *•->- of a struggling manhood, when each of them. ?««: had 'a name and a reputation to make,- before if -v the remote contingency of an unexpected death ~ had'placed him aloof from the strife and con* tention of life's battle-field. Do man looked 4 !': the character of an English country gentleman better than Sir John, and few men have ever played it half so well. It became bim, was a d- part of his nature; and it fell from him as un iv.i consciously as light from a star, or beauty from -.i a flower. V - After a light supper, wo sat togetber for an mid-hour or more orer the fruit and wine. He i rf Yr'jpoko of my father with that true and touching v:: respect that worth claims from worth, and i '■ lingered otot the faded past as though some thing was set in its midstwhicli the long-drawn -p . shadows of years could never darken from his ; memory. : 'Mark Bradgato, my hoy,' ho said, as he n i j quaffed his third gloss of port, and ran his :>i ffingers through his white hair,' I dire say you r.v; think I am a garrulous old blockhead in v ■■ ruminating so much upon bygone years; but ; - there are secret springs in the human heart i which a touch, a look, a tono, will sometimes f; t 'call into rigorous action. HoweTor, wo have \- - had enough of the past for one night, especially fft aa'it is your first night undor my roof—so now wia we will epeak of the future. You are not my only guest.' li.-v A ' X am delighted to hear it,' I replied, i* - ■■■•■;' Well, you eee, boy, I know that youth pre \- bii- fen youth; it ie but natural. I therefore sent a nephew of mino; he has only just re turned from doing the cl grandtour." You will :!,j -not find anything very formidable about him, except a plentiful sprinkling of artificial tricks ; and fopperies, but those you can laugh nt or admire, as best suits your taste. You will meet ; "-'• him at the breakfast table in the morning, and ^ **ope you will like him.1 Sic John's tone indicated a doubt upon that * [ point. Our conversation gradually drew to a * close; and as I. felt sensibly fatigued by my journey, his hint about retiring for tlie night <).- was most gladly welcomed by me ' ^ The first streaks of the early morning sun* • light wero pouring through the window of my > ^ bedroom when I awoke. I arose at once, and *■■■■* having dressed myself, descended tho wide oak staircase, crossed the hall, and took my way -into the park. The pure breeze, scented witn -the odour of flower#, tho curling wreaths of mist creeping over the wnvy grass, the dense 1 fob ago of grovo and glade, the swelling song of \- tho birds, the eloping hills belted with ridgos * of .undulating green, and abovo all the palo bluo sky, radiant, with tho sunshine, sent my , blood coursing through my veins with joyous . thrills. Witn a fearlcs* bound I crossed the \- park, sprang ovor the low fcnco, and was quickly sut of sight, buried between hedgerow :> - hanks or lost in tho obscurity of some woodland f'. gl*L : - Aftor an absence of two hours T returned to ■ find the house astir. Tho front door was open 5, groat stands of fuchsias, and roses, and gcr amums stood just within tho shadow of tho . hall. I passed on to tho drawing-room; thorc ' . was little that was grand or stately about it, if ; I oxeopt the portrait of; an* ancestor; in the ' courtly costume of the second Charles.' > Thero was an atmosphere of elogance/ of refinement V.: and of substantial comfort, prevadingthonpa't-' . inont. Ono side of it opened through h pair of largo gloss folding doors into tlio conservatory, adorned with every variety of plant/and flowor, nnd creeper.: Clusters^ of arching vines hung from tho dome-shaped roof, and tlie golden \- - petals of tropical fiowors shed their iuconso around. / > ■•-•■•; '■•As I entered tho roscato arcado tlio sound of voioes met my cars, Pausing and looking * through tho overhanging branches, my oye fell y on tho figuro of Sir John. ' Onl>" a moment it t- * rested there. Standing by his side, with a face . of beaming loveliness uplifted iii a smile, was I tho graceful, sylph liko form of a young girl/ Hor features were shown to me at first in tloU • cnto profile; hut, as my glance caught their fuller contour, with musses of raven ringlets shifting and falling hi'rich, shades over check and shoulders, a light seemed to gleaui on iny_" aouV with the warmth of a sunbeam. How striking the contrast between tlio two! Sir John, with his snowy hair and russet com plexion, with scarcely a visible wrinkle 011 his happy face, and his bright bluo oyqs looking clear and smiling; the uiaidon, wiLh her ebon curls, black as midnight, hor lustrous eyes of piercing brilliancy, and the soft olive tinge that shaded the ripe bloom on her youthful features, I felt epoll-bound by her extraordinary beauty and grace. Who could she be ? Not a daugh ter of Sir John's, for ho had never married. A niece perhaps, or. . Before I could solve these questions, or re cover from my surpriso, my' presonco was detected. • ' Who tho deuce is that playihgbopeep there ?' cried Sir John, in a merry voice. 1 Ah! Mark, my hoy, is that you ? Come forward and let me introduce you to Clemency. This is Mr. Mark Bradgute, tho son of my old friend. My daughter, Clemency Penruddock. And I hopo ; you will never esteom each other loss than you do at this moment.' Tho young girl was his daughter, then, and ho had been married. I tried in vain to recon-j oilo these two facts with all that I had ever j heard or known of Sir John's previous history. | My father had frequently spoken of a* bitter disappointment which the baronet had ex perienced in his youth, and told how faithfully ho had kept his resolution never to marry, yet hero I found him tho father of a lovely girl. Infinite as was my pleasure at falling so unex pectedly into tho compaionehip of such a wealth of beauty, I could not help conjecturing that possibly there might he a small army of brothers and sisters in reserve. The thread of my modulation was suddenly snapped by tho sweet voice of Clemency Pen ruddock. ' . 4 Do you.like tho country, Mr. Bradgate ?' she asked. Yes,' I replied, •1 and envy those who livo in it.* - ; .' Pooh, nonsense, Mark,' broke in Sir John; 1 there is littlo to envy in a country life. It ia .calm andphicid enough, I grant you; so is a duck-pond.. Man requires excitement—emula tion ; something to grapple with worthy his prowess; something that gives a force and power to his intelligence. Who over heard; of a cabinet minister envying a churchwarden ?' •' To an active mind, doubtless, Sir John, tho stirring, bustling world is the most befitting arena,'I replied; 'but there are hundreds of men fighting and scrambling there, who would have been ornaments in obscurity.1 i 'Of course/ laughed Sir John ; :every country attorney cannot be a lord chancellor. But here eomes my nephew Horace; wo will hear what ho has to say upon the subject.' I looked round, and saw loitering through the , shrubbery the slight, effeminate figure of Horace i Wellbrooke. He was dressed in a style of fault less neatness, witb a trifling affectation towards dandyism. His features were small but regular, his skin delicately fair, his eyes a deep j blue, and his hair a ricli chestnut brown. I There wa» a winning expression in the smile I that played round his small full mouth as he passed through the formality of his first intro duction to me. But his patronising, familiar tone to Clemency raised mypulso to fever heat, and sensibly diminished the respect which, the moment beforo. I had entertained towards him "Pon my word, cousin/ ho said, with a foppish, listless air, 'you ought to live in a greenhouse. Your - complexion harmonises amazingly well with the tints of those blushing ro6es. Don't you think so, uuclc ?' 4 Do I thiak you a consummate puppy ?' was Sir John's brusque retort. 'Praise my girl as much as you. like, but do it in sensible English. Come along, Clemency, and give these fellows their breaklast.' Sir John drew tho fair girl's arm through j his own, and, without further ceremony, led i tho way from the conservatory. 4 What an insufferablo old boor 1' ejaculated Horace, half aloud, as he walked by my side. (She is a douced nico girl, though, don|t you think so, Bedgatc ?' In apito of my annoyance I could not repress a Hugh as I replied, 'My name, Mr. Horace Wellbrooie, is Mark Bradgatc.* 4 I beg pardon, 'pon my word,'he exclaimed; ' I knew it was something with a gate * but we woro speaking, of my cousin. It is tho most absurd affair in.the world. Do you.know my undo hns sent for mo hero to make a choice ?' •'4 Achoicb?'\v : v:' 'Yes/ said ho; 'a choico betwceii a wife and a commission ia the Guards. Now which would you select?' 1" ; 41 am really at a loss to say,'I replied. ~ 'Well, so am I at present,' said- Iloraco •.' I have a fancy for both. But, hush!—not a word about it to Sir John.' ..... At this point wo had rcachod tho breakfast room, and found the baronet diligently dis secting a chicken. . . ' Now, Mark, boy,* said Sir John, as I took a seat beside Clemency, 'after breakfast I will show you tbo way to my. trout stream. . It is well preserved,, and yomwill find plenty of. sport. 4Thanh-you/ I replied; 4 but I -have found tho way tlicro already.'- -1 4 Tho deuce you have I When?' was his astonished question. * ' This mornieg I was up and out at sunrise,*. I replied. • <-. • . ; 'Not muddling your brains-with, a lot of legal:quirks; and quibbles, I hope??-said Sir John. -• v : ' 4 No,' I laughed; ' I was brushing tho dew from tho green turf, startling the. deer in the park, and frightening the poor timid hares ns I scampered over the hills.'. . . ' You are beginning with a quick pace, hoy,* ho oxduimcd* 'I hope it will last* 'Douce take it. u«clc,' chimed in Horace, 'you don't suppose thai a youug fellow liko our ; friend here is—; \ ^ - V I ' To bo compared with an old cob liko me/ ' chl. Horaco ? '.interrupted tho baronot. 4 When were you up at sunrise, I should liko to know ?' ' I canuot fix the prociso dato/ roplicd Horace, ■ offectedly twisting his hair; ' but, ns near as 11 can guess, it was on , my roturn from Lady I Hamloigh's ball.' J . . * Now, don't be grimacing at Clemency liko a ; monkey before a Imrrehorgan,* laughed ilio j bjironefc. . 4Sh'e has no hisf-o for tho dissipation I or routs, and soirees, and operas; Have you, I CIcmmy ? * . 1 /'Ob, yes, papa, I doat upon;the opera,' replied Clemoncy, archly. - /You should go to Naples, cousin, if you "want to hear an opora,' said Horace, ' The Italians ——1 • ' Pooh! Foreign rubbish! I don't believe in it V oricd Sir John, in a lusty tone. 'There is as good music in England as there is .out of it.' Sir John seemed to have an, idea that hit orthodox opinions about English music wero in imminent danger; so ho. cut the matter; short by retiring from the table, and seeking refuge behind a newspaper. Horace, Clomeney, and myself took advan tage of the movement to slip quietly away and joia in a walk through the grounds. Before wc had proceeded far, Horace uncere* moniously seated himself beneath a tree and lit a cigar. I was now alone with Olemency—alone in dangerous companionship with one for whom tho iirst germ of a passion had already possessed my heart. I feared to acknowledge to myself the realities of the risk I was incurring. Sir John might have other views, other wishes for his daughter, and should I, his invited guest, the sharer of his hospitality, presumo to cross those views or blight those wishes ? I felt my manhood quail at the question. Still, as wc walked on through the labyrinth of overhanging boughs with the summer air laden with the breath of summer flowers arounds us, Clemency's voice eloquent with the music that awakens the dreaming spirit of a first pure love in the soul, my hope3 grew into roseate fulness, and tho phantom of fear became more and more impalpable. Yet through that bright, eunny hour, not a look was dared, not a whisper breathed which the sternest formality of a newly-formed friendship mightnothave claimed as a rightful homage. And while lip spoke to lip the transient thoughts called from the fleeting littlenesses of the passing time, the first silent conflict began its stern work within—a conflict which the maturity of time might portion to one a wrecked peace, to the other an unblessed life. We had made the tour of the grounds, and were returning indoors by tho shrubbery walk, when we suddenly encountered Sir John. 'Why,Mark, hoy,' he cried, with a cheerful laugh,41 thought you were up to your knees in tho trout stream by this time; and here I flad yon, like a lovelorn knight, dallying by the side of his lady love. Well, Clemency, how do you like him? Does he improve upon acquaint ance ?' « ' Oh yes, papa, Mr. Bradgate is a dolightfnj companion/was her artless reply. 'Is he?' said Sir John, in a dry, caustic tono, at the same time fixing upon me *a keen, penetrating look. 4 Ho has been telling you bow clevorly he won some breach of promise case, I suppose, and so reaped the eternal gratitude of the deluded damsel who brought the action.' ' Oh.no, papa, Mark—I mean Mr. Bradgate,' she stammered out in artless confusion,4 has been reciting to me tome of Longfellow's and Tennyson's poems.' ' Ah,' sneered the baronet, good-humonredly, as ho alternated his sharp gaze between Clemency and myself, ' these are the flies you bait with, cb ? But what have yon done with Horace ?' 'Ho retired from our company to the more social enjoyment of a cigar,' I ventured to reply. 'Yes/ continued Clemencyj 'we left him under one of tho trees in the beech walk.' 1 Well, go and put on your riding-habit, Cle mency,' said Sir John. ' I have ordered the horses out Mark and I will go in search of your couein. He must accompany lis.' A laugh of girlish glee told tho fair girl's joy, as with a light, swift step she bounded from our presence. 'Nothing artificial there, Mark/ said Sir. John, as he followed her retreating figure with a proud, fond look j (apiece of Nature's rarest handiwork; not in the mere outside beauty of form and face either that her priceless value lies. No, Mark, if you knew how pure, and bright, and warm is the little heart that swells beneath, you would own But there,' he broke out with an abrupt laugh, ' confound it, you will think mo in my dotage to talk in that strain -to a phlegmatic, thin- blooded lawyer. Coine along, and lot us hunt up my puppy of a nephew.' — - \- Ho linked his arm in mice, and we directed our steps to" the beccli walk. There, under the ahady canopy of a tree, stretched full-length upon the grass, with his head resting on one of the gnarled roots, lay Horace, wrapped in a profound slumber. The baronet rubbed his eyes bofore ho looked at him a second time, and' then, in a stato of hazy bewilderment, cried, 'By Jovp! the fellow; must have faintod, Mark.' . A snore sufficiently! loud to startle* the rooks overhead qui Skly dispelled that illusion 1 Eh 1* exclaimed Sir John, timidly venturing on a closer survey of the inanimate figure, ' why, I declare the puppy's asleep i" " "p, Sir John,. * ' Taking a dip, Sir John, , ia •'soro labour's I hath,"! I smiled. . - . I 11 wish I had .a "watering-can or a wasp's nest at hand,' was tho baronet's grim rejoinder. ' Stay: my.snuff*box will rouso him.1 " Fir John deliberately took a hugo pinch of j snuff from his box, und adroitly plumped, it! in the shape of a miniature molehill under ' Horaco's nostrils There was a brief, silent pause, and tbon au oxplosivo sound, which sent Ihu startled sleeper to bis feet in a state of intermittent sneeze. ; ' Why, Horaeo,' roared tho baronet, 'what tho douce ails you ? Don't make those raon keyiied grimaces at mo. but speak out at ouco.' i Tho ludicrous coutortions of Horace, as he pcrsevoriugly endeavoured to speak, elicited | accompanying peals of laughter from Sir Johu/ and produced remote symptoms of apoplexy in his humorous visage. ' • At length there wasaslight lull in .the storm, and Horace succeeded in jerking out his syllables in a disloeatory style. ' It is—very absurd,—the most-absurd thing—in tho world.' Having reached the end of that sago observation, his olfactory nerves resumed their normal state, and ho added, ' Sleeping on the damp grass has given me a violent cold.' ' In your nose ?* shouted Sir John. .'Yes, and eyes, too,* replied Horace, as he wiped the trickling tears from his cheeks., 4 Well, wo must tell tho housekeeper to make you a treacle posset, and ynu had better keep your room for a day or two/ laughed Kir John, Bs he winked one of his merry eyes at me. Horace made a dismal effort to join in the laugh, but tho failure was so manifest that I good naturedly came to his assistance.. ' Mr. Wellbrooke is better now/ I said, 'a canter across the country would be more bene* ficial than a treacle posset.' - ; 4 Oh, Sir John was only jesting there/ said Horace, smiling. ' My uncle is very fond of a joke, especially if it is a grim one. : What on earth made mo fall asleep ? It must have been the cigar/ Sir John garo a feeble grunt, and muttered something about(lazy puppy' as he turned to retrace his steps. When we reached the hall-door we found the horses saddled, waiting our return^ Clemency was already mounted on a chestnut mare, a superb, spirited animal, but the compact and graceful firmness with which she kept her seat proved her to bo a skilful rider. Whether Horace had resolved within himself to maYe the amende for his previous remissness to Olemency I know not. Throughout the ride, however, he kept closely by her side.; The roads we traversed were for the moat part so narrow that there was barely room for two horses abreast to pass. I tried by every artful stratagem I could devise to force my way to the front, but aftci a series of defeats I was compelled to accept with equanimity my some* what equivocal position. ' The coxcomb can manage a horse/ smiled Sir John, who I fancied rather enjoyed my humiliation. ' Confound him, 1 can't help loving him in spite of his nonsensical fripperies. He is my only sister's only s >n, and her very image when she was young like him. I should wish htm to marry Clemency, but he has the Wellbrooke pride of pedigree in him, and I fear that would prove a fatal stumbling-block.' t'ir John's words woro incomprehensible to me 'The Wellbrooke pride of pedigree did not interfere with your sister's marriage, or mar her subsequent happiness, I presume,' was my reply. ' Ay, but that was another affair, Mark/ said Sir John as he turned his head aside from my fixed gaze. 'Clemency is. a gently nurtured, tenderly trained girl, and ' ' Should not be exposed to the danger of giving a real love for a worthless one/ I ven tured to add. ' ' I very much doubt the danger as far as Horace. is concerned,' said Sir John. 'Ithink he lacks that manliness of character, that energy of mind and will which most women admire, and which Clemency would exact before she gave him more than a passing thought.* \- 1 You are, perhaps, the best judge/1 replied, 'hut assuming otherwise ?' 'I don't know. I'll think about it,' said Sir John, and he pushed his horse into a canter as if to avoid further colloquy. (To be concluded in our next.) : 