8Hie 33r-o;t (Sasrifc. Publisiied on Wednesday and Saturday Fides et Jmtitia. WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 20, 1882. Ciieewhaxo Tee, an early Chinese Emperor, ordered oil ■writings to-Be destroyed thnt everything might begin anew as from his reign. The Mussul man conquerors of Hindostan destroy ed the chief part of the ancient writ ings of the East. In the year 391 the Christians burned tho Alexandrian Li 'brary, and the Saracens returned the compliment in the year 640; and in 850 the Iksilican Library suffered an .equal loss. By these repented acts of fiavnge vandalism, much has been lost to the world; but, thanks to the plod ding Antiquarian, something like p eonnefctod .table of events lias been ga thered from the ruins, and now does dutj for the world's history, Wo live in an age which would not consider itst-lf complimented were the spirit which dictated the destruction of the ancient historical records referred to, applied to it; yet, daily experience proves that at least some history is obnoxious to men of a certain class, which class, thanks to the educational systems which nro being established throughout Christendom, is slowly but surely passing away; and were the power equal to the will, swift destruc tion would overtake it. The history of the past, read in the light of the present, makes up the sum total of our I responsibility for the history of the J future, and men of small mind may wincc and squirm when their pet corn is trod upon, but patient submission to the inevitable must be their policy. The wars of the Scientist just now are not so much directed against existing organisations as against ignorance, which is tiie foster-parent of bigotry and intolerance. "Moody in Paris!" exclaims the Christian Intdligcnecr,—"the Paris of Clovis, and Louis Quatorze, and Na poleon III; of Abelard, and Voltaire, and Eugene Sue, of Mirabeau, and j Philip Eg-ilite, and the Commune; of Richelieu, and. Coligny. and M'All; of the Bastile, and barricades, and the Bois de Boulogne." This is the first j chapter of a new history for France. And England too is writing a new history in the light of the past, which the prophetic genius of Macaulay fore shadowed , but whose graphic pen could not then delineate its characteristics. Here is a chapter of living history set in a border of flowers of paradise:— Thirty clergymen, High, Low, and Broad, of the Church of England, ex changing* Christian greetings at the Congregational Union Meetings held i in Bristol in October last. AVlio dare say that the world is not growing wiser and more liberal ? Are not the angu- ; larities and scruples of the religious life of the ■ nations being rounded off ? and have not the faiths of the peoples in all ages, given tone and substance I "to their civilisation? and just as the dawning of the Christian revelation j was foreshadowed in the closing scene in the life of the martyred Socrates, when he said, in effect. "Philosophy has failed to find out God—He must reveal himself," so now, we are living in the twilight of intolerance, and lib erty of thought and action. The Rev J. M. Wilson, a Broad Churchman, and one of the deputation referred to, j illustrates the position thus:—"There j had been an insensible change of rela- ] tions among them; the hand of the clock had moved on. Three centuries ago it pointed to persecution, two cen turies ago to unjust and tyrannical Acts of Parliament, one, century ago it pointed to a grudged and imperfect toleration. Now during the last hun dred years the clock had advanced, and it now pointed to a complete reli gious equality. Such had been the effect of their patience and piety and learning, and of the progress of the same Christian qualities in their own Established Church. Aud the clock was still moving; and the question is Where are we now ? What was the significance of that deputation from more than half the incumbents of Bris tol, and from more than half theciergy? What might this mean? It behoved them to consider where the clock was pointing. It pointed now to co-oper ation. To express it mathematical^' the next term in the series after perse cution was toleration, and after that was equality, and after that co-oper ation." The Rev. E. A Fuller, a High Churchman, and a member of the dep utation, next spoke, and said that "It had been agreed that some one who felt what he might call 'the pinch of Dissent' should say a word. His pur pose was to accentuate existing differ ences as well as to further unity. The fact could not be disguised that they must keep apart, for their concep- i tions of the Christiau Church were 'radically different,' and must there fore colour their teaching; and if their worship wore a true worship, must ex press itself in their worship." The Dean of Bristol, who headed the deputation, said that "During his long ministerial life no duty had affor ded him more sincere satisfaction The address which he read was kindly, Christian, and dignified. While.the signatories. 58 in number, were attach e 1 to the Church of England, yet they willingly recognised the work of the Congregationalist6, and acknowledged with gratitude, the pietj and zeal, the learning and eloquence of their min istry." Great satisfaction was felt on both sides at the satisfactory interview, and the feeling culminated when Canon Girdlestone suggested they should join iu singing a hymn. This was done in great heartiness,, and then Dr. Mac fadyen pronounced the benediction. There may be those amongst us whose interest in the change of thought going on in the world is of the slight est, and whose views of existing and time- honoured beliefs are fossilised; we would remind such that "the clock is still moving," and thought cannot be fettered. New South Wales has awakened from her nightmare. The horror hns vanished. Our frozen blood once more circulates and bounds with generous impulses. For five yenrs narrow-souled bigotry and sec -j tarian hatred have clogged the veins and' arteries of tho body politic. Class has been set against class, hate against hate, . in order that a few scurvy demagogues might hold place and power, and rake in tho loaves and fishes, or, what to (hem is their equivalent. The cards have been cut and shuffled by political magsmen, and the public have been egged -on by political buttsners. Now, we shake off our shackles. The Inst Parliament was elentod mainly on tho Education question. The Educa-, tion question clearly involved the religious element, and the moral Pecksniffs saw their chance and took it.. Sir Henry Purkes, an old strategist, manipulated the House. It was a House, specially adapted to bring forth a monstrosity on any subject.involving a mock porality or a pseiido-saintliuoss. Sir Henry Parkes evolved the Licensing Act, and tho House, I triumphantly shrieking with the moral spasm it had oyokodfromthe community, pae->od it with little consideration. Then the eves of the country became opened. Freedom became a by-word. In the name of morality, the most monstrous wrongs wen; mado feasible. Honest men went under, while humbugs and hypocrites mounted the duughill of temporary fame and adulation. The country writhed with shame and remorso under the very nose 1 of the Government, who, blinded with prosperity, and inflated with arrogance, did not see the reaction that was at work beneath them. Parkes secure with his servile follow ing, heeded not the signs of the times. Ho went to the electors with a blind in fatuation, and his dream ltas been broken. The elections indicate tbnt the country has made up its rr.ind to sweep out all the foul cobwebs of sectarian bigotry. Dog matic differences are done away with. Theological squabbling is to have nothing to do with politics. Sectarianism is to be batiisl e 1 from the Legislative arena. All who traded on sectarian organisations have been dumped into oblivion by the electors. The country won't stand credal straggles from either Roman Catholics or Protestants. Old-world quarrels have no locus standi here. We only want our Parliament to legislate for New South Wales. Australia has nothing to do with hereditary bit ternesses of the old country. We want no firebrand delegate like Mr. Redmond M.P. to excite any latent prejudices wo may have inherited. While we sympathise, for instance, with any lawful agitation the Irish Land League may carry on, we don't care to allow their grie\ances to provoke disunion amongst the people of New South Wales. Religion has been divorced from politics in this colony and must remain so. Any future move cf retrogression — no matter from what quarter it comes—will be fatally repulsed. The sentiment of the people of this counT try is in the direction of purely secular politics.—Bulletin. I A School of Arts Election is to take | place next inonth. Score of cricket match, Panbula v. Candelo, 011 Saturday. At noon yesterday the thormorncter re gistered 92 deg. and was still rising. Tue Ballarat papers were published every hour (daily) during the catastrophe at Creswick. Christmas. — With uext issue our readers will have a Christmas supplement. No time to " blow" to-day. Agricultural Society.—Yesterday's meeting; 12 present; postponed to Sa turday 30th. j Bridge. —The tonder of J. Bvrno has been accepted for the erection of a bridge I over Goward's Creek, on the road from Wolumla to Candelo and Wyndham. J | 3 P.M.—Tuesday and Friday.—Uutold gold -will not turn an advertisement into type after " our office" clock points its stern long hand at 12 and its shorter at 3. We do not care the smallest thing—say a Wharfedale, or a brass farthing,—what other fellows do. In Cooma, a seller takes a load of hay to a public scale, where dray and contents are weighed. The vendor then delivers the hay, and goes back to the scale to have his dray weight noted. From the total weight of dray and hay deduct the weight of the dray, and the buyer knows how much hay he has to pay for. The Cooma Express says:—" One unprincipled dealer was caught in the act of throwing ' about 3 cwt. of stones off his dray, last j week, after the hay was supposed to have i been weighed. Such tricks as these de- ! serve exposure." I Hat* aro.—Says the Manaro Mercury: —The election for Manaro has not beon | decided on the question that arose out of | the dissolution, and three out of the four ! papers on Manaro advocated the interest of the Opposition. Next election, there will be at least three local candidates.— Hardly a ghost of a cheer could be raised in Cooma on Thursday; the electioneer ing agents did not influence the popular vote a bit. In fact, Mr. Badgery could well have dispensed with the half-dozen buttonholders who tapped the drum for him; they did him more harm than good. —To Manaro, belongs the distinguished honor of returning two Government can didates without asking the reason why. Entertainment.— Croft'* Star Com bination Company will play at the School of Arte on Saturday,. 23rd instant, and i following nights. The public may expect a good entertainment, and the prices are not beyond a fair scale. The Glebe paper thus speaks of Mr. Croft.—"He is well known in Sydney as a clever ventriloquist, vocalist, and pianist * * * . As a ven triloquist, Mr. Croft soars very far above Yal Vose, Davis, or Bosco, and we firmly believe he has few equals in the world in tliis particular line. The manner in which he sustains six different voices in a his trionic dialogue between Terence O'Reilly, J Sarah Walker, Tommy Snooks, etc., is astounding, and the'delusion'perfect." We have often seen in Sydney and subur ban papers favorable criticisms of Mr. Croft's clever doings, and we hope to see good *' houses" reward the efforts of Croft and Co. in Boga. Incorporation.—Wo have information that the petition for incorporating Bega was taken .round for signature by Mr. David Kiss. Next, that names enough were signed to make impossible any at tempt at frustrating the desires of those who wish to have a municipality. Thirdly that Mr. Kiss handed the petition, duly signed, to Mr Thomas Bawlmson, solicitor of this town. Wo now ask why nothing further has been heard of the business P People are talking, and our duty is to publish what wo know, in order that another stop may bo taken. If the mem orial has been mislaid, and cannot be found, wo think Mr. Hawlinson might as well say so, in oi'der that another may be prepared, and forwarded say within' the next four weeks. Everything is at a stand-still. A Progress Committee would have been formed long since, but, in view of tho movement to incorporate, .the Progress Committee was thought un necessary. If matters are begun and ^jeft half-way, Boga will be a laughing stock to every village. Schools.—Tho Boga Public School broke up on Friday, for the Christmas holidays, and Mr. Wilson, the head teacher, went to Sydney by Saturday's steamer. The other schools do not begin holidays till Saturday; the Befja schoolroom was wanted for an ex amination of teachers now being held under Mr. Kevin's superintendence, and attended by several teachers of both sexes from various parts of this district, and from Monaro, Ceioket.—A match will be played, Bega v. Cooma, on the 26th and 27th December, on the Bega ground, and on tlie 23rd the U picked to play against the Cooma will trv their skill against IS outsiders. The 11 will bo chosen from the following:—Freeman, Payten, Eijgins, Baddeley, Manning, H. E. Wren, W. W. Wren. A. Richards, F. ' M'Donald, A. J. Cook, E. Kiehards, T. ' Champnev, and P. H. M'Guinness. The 15 i fromM. WilkinB, M'Phee, P. Langan, C. ' Meaker, J, Meaker, Dr. Hanson, T. Chidgev, ' D. Wren, A. Wren, W. Scott, J. Puroeii, E. Parsons, Wilson, W. Abbott, J. Lee, J. O'Ncil, Mulligan, Goddard.. , I Police Coukt.—Something more in the nature of an inquiry than a judicial proceeding occupied the time of the P. M. and Mr. P. H. Wood, at the Court yes terday. Mr. Enos Parsons lost ten pocket knives, on or about October 4, and complained to the Police. Investigation brought to light that numbers of -knives of unusual quality for a boy to be posses sed of were in the'hands of various young sters, and several of these lads were brought up for examination. Comments reserved till Saturday. In the case Free man v. Clarke, plaintiff had order renew ed for a year, to receive 10s. per week, every four weeks, through Sergeant Church; first payment to be made on January 16. In the Small Debts the case Rixon v. Manby was postponed for a fortnight Billiard licenses were granted to Messrs. Hutton, E. Brown, Pitfield, Cochrane, and Moars,, and to Martha Jones, Emma Henwood, and Amelia1 Hardy. The way ite has.—Some people won der why the Gazette lashes the Standard. Hero is a sample. Tho pious proprietor of the machine wrote a paragraph headed " Pinal," nnd told his readers he would not in future take any notice of the Gazette and " Mr. W. H. Braine" (yet ho complains of personalities); and that he would not, if! future, send the Standard in exchange for the Gazette. Wo cannot exist without a look at our brick office. .[Mr. W. H. Braine has written so many columns for the Standard; (including the report of the Bega Catholic Church opening and Rev. Father Hayes' eloquent sermon on that occasion), that his inter est in that paper is deep and abiding; he is now forced to borrow the paper from a neighbor.] In Saturday's Standard is an invitation to the Meringlo people to come in and have a memorial about mail mat ters drawn, [Mr. W. H. Braine will be happy to " draw" tho memorial without ehargc.~\ Then comes the "side wind." " AVe are told," says the Standard, " that the Kameruka office must be re- opened, but it is'nt." (Tho apostrophe is in the wrong place " isn't" is how the white man contracts " is not.") These words about Kameruka appeared in the Gazette four months ago, and the Standard now knowingly quotes them. This is his little way of " not noticing" tho Gazette! The Kameruka paragraph was a mistake (the Gazette, is never ashamed to acknowledge an error) but, since that was written, the mail service with Candelo has been in creased, and most of those who formerly received their mails at Kameruka now go to Candelo. As for Meringlo, if it wants, and can arrange for, a receiving office, a memorial signed by from 12 to 20 residents will probably induce the P. M. General to grant that accommodation. The Libel Dieect.—The Cooma Ex press of December 12, has tho following remarks:—,-Bega Annual Races.—Below will bo found the Bega weights. The Cooma horses have caught it very hot; the handicappers have arrested Arestes" with a good load; ho has a nice show when within 31bs of Rosinante. Tho old cripple Discount has top weight, 10st., in tho Hurdle Race, which he could not win with 2st. less. We have, however, won the "double" three times, and it seems the adjusters of the present weights are determined it shall not come off again. We believe that no Monaro horses will win."—Now, whoever has inspired these comments goes one false step too far by insinuating that the Bega Handicappers are capable of what is thus charged to them. Tho writer may not have intended to accuse our weight-fixers of foul play, but what other meaning can his words possibly convey? In unblushing terms the Express 6ays that the Bega Handi cappers have given the Cooma horses heavy weights on purpose to prevent Cooma horses from winning. . A ranker libel never was penned. The Bega public has always rejoiced to see Cooma, or Moruya, or Bombala, win the big money, and we are quite sure the handicappers for this meeting—Messis. Rixon, Wren, and Dow,—have adjusted the weights with an honest desiro to do justice to all competitors, whether local or from a dis tance. We certainly look to Cooma racing men for a disavowal of tho serious impu tation given by the Express. 