Ifttessto. SHABDON BELLS. By WILLIAM BLACK. ALlIiOR. OF 'JlACLEOD OF DARK,' &C;, &C.; S'iiulJiheUty special arrangements with theautlior. AH rfgiits reserved.] CHAPTER XIV.— TWO LETTERS. ' To My Trusty and Well-Beloved Coalin, Tiiesc :— It is quite true, my dear Willie, that ii»y jeiters to yen have been very snort lately ; l;«it. you have no idea how I have been { otbered and -worried in coming to terms about ibat other tour in the south, and then I have had to try and pacify papa. He has 4ate n it into his head that he ought to know reeve about you, and our 'prospects,' Isn't ibat a horrid word ? It is like ' matrimony,' or ' nuptial settlements,' or something in a lawyer's office. I tell Mm that we are not £oing to do anything rash. ; that I for one asi quite content to be as I am; and Tsrhea he writes long letters about the importance of being settled in life and the posibility of his not being long in the world, what cati I do Lut gently remind him that I have earned my own living for a good many years, and have bo great fear of being unable to do so ! Poor -icar papa, he is wry kind, but he worries ?dreadfully. And reaily I don't know what to s-sytohiro. If you -were still the sub-editor oi'tliat poor defunct magazine, that would be sc us cihing definite. Shall I tell him you are private secretary to a^great lady 'i Of course, 1 too v,ish jou bad something more settled; 5jut do not imagine, dear Willie, that I am gi-umbliEg ; for after all are we not just an well oS in every respect as we were before we over saw each other, and why should we not bo quite content with things as they are ? 1 uate writing lite this. It n like drawing out «. marriage contract. If yoa were here jii3t f cr two Kinates — I can imagine your coming in at the door over there, and looking round ?to see that Miss Patience was not in the room — vie should understand each other at onca. And if you were at the open door now, do you think I would be long at this table? t)onrt -jou think I might meet you halfway, wen if the ink bottle wereto be sent spinning across the floor? And you to talk of the coldness of my letters ! ' Resides all that worry I have been hard *.t -wroik -with Professor ? ; and fancy tho ?difficulty of doing that by correspondence! He sets me the most terrible tasks; and as it is all science and no sound, it is not very lively. But really wheu you lech at sorae of tlie songs that are most popular now in drawing-rooms — the air some -.cniiEon phrase, or perhaps borrowed, and of course changing to minor in the second I 'art, and the accompaniment a few simple -0;ord?, only fit for children's practising— it ? ccnis possible fer one to do something a little hetter. And then shouldn't I like to bs able 10 £-;t one of your soBg-s to music— I mean ?on:«bir.g like proper music; I think I t-ifculd £-:t grumble over studying the coun uixoiEt oi~ thai accompaniment. Do you -5..jck I would charge my Coulin a heavy ic;.aUy for singing that song? There, now; v.jsy con;t you geiitlemen ci the press set to wtikacd tiusli that royultj system? It is aiiOSit mischievous ; and the very best singers aicgivirsg in to it now, and of course the ^reauT .stupid the coraposer is the most eager ?s he to make the royalty on the sales big. Then the public are stupid, and don't re mcmbc'i- iLat a good singer ca.-i moJke even Ike iAt^iiiQ of scales pathetic ;^and faoyj kind of topg Eoiinds as i£ it were line if a ycod singc-r takes troable v,ith it. But yen are not interested. I can see you ^ie very nearly throwing my poor letter in Ihe fire. But supposing that I. pat it ILis way, that A {this sounds like the pro fefsor, h\i% lin not going to teach you har jnonj), v^ho can sing a little, marries B, who is \cry fond of singing and music generally. 'Then ihey grow older ; or A's voice give3 out — is there to be no more niusic ? On the con iraiy, A having been a good little girl, aud l-aviEg devoted a fearful amount of time to ihc study of jeusjo and_ to practising, caa still 5-3ay S to sleey after dinner. More than that, if: tiiev j-et into trouble, can she not give music Jrsf ons ! I believe this ia a clear case of -i'.E. D— is it not, Ma-ter Willie? ' But everything in this letter i? pure non sctse, and not to be heeded, except the tie luendoua fact that in ten days 1 shall be in Cork auain! Think of it?— the very same re cms, t/jo ; and the same old piano, and the tame little iron gate outside, which used to £-vc stK-h a queer rusty growl and squeak as a tort of friendly good- Eight to Master Willie nvd a hint to come early tho next morning, if there wore any blue-bells and campioa3 .to tu looked for out in the woods. Alas! there will l^e no blue-bells or anything elss rcw— mud, I suppose ; and I shall sit at the r«iny window, and not stir out until it is time to go away down into the smoky town, nhere will be nobody there now to make all the place wild and romantic ; and to stuff people's head full of dreams ; and to make a poor girl think she never saw anything so levcly «3 a street in Cork when, it was pouring wei — and the rain from the umbrella all the time rusniog down her left shoulder and arm, Ijecause l;er companion was so careless. And there went be anybody -o say aice things . atocut her in the Cork Vhrottich ; or to walk home with her up the steep hill ; or to stop and talk just for a minute or a haif-nour or so at the little gate. And what is luiaheeu like rcw?—j suppose ihe sea dashing all over the t- bore ; the villas shut up ; the town a, puddle. Sure 'ti3 not to luisheen that I'ra going ! The only comfort would fce vhat the ghosts and i-ixics of the neighborhood would uavegono. What do the fairies do when it is wet? It raiist be most uncomfortable up in that glen, with all the branches dripping, and no leaves en i he trccs-, and everything -Hmp, and cold, f.nd miserable. I never heard of fairies ia v, inter. *'Bufc about Inisuesn, dear Willie, K-JiGusly. i wibh you would let me know a litiic- n:o;e clearly about that promise you ri:iid« mo oivc yen. I bavc heard that in Scotland, if two people only say before other yecple tr-at they are man and wife, that is enough, and they are married ! I have never been in Scotland, and I don't kaow; but I should thick people might be too quick and then repent. I want to know ii the promise we made that nieht (wasn't it a beautiful night too !) is anything more thana {?remise ? I have been wondering whether it might be the way youDg people used to get married when their parents were against it, or the prieste peril sp!», Situated S3 we are, sometimes I think it was scarcely wise to bind ourselves like that— aad then again I say 'Bother theso doubts and troubles; it's all because Professor ? 's conundrums are too difficult' And I am not going to bother you with them, dear Willie ; for you must bavc enough to think of ; and I meant this to be- ihc longest and kindest letter ever ?written, after what you said about my not caring. I do care. You had no right to say that I don't— and if you were liere I would prcve «?, even-to your satisfaction. There now, So den't say another word about not caring ; fcut write me a long, nice, pleasant letter, professing yourself quite contented with everything that Providence and I have done for you, and telling me of all the news of what you are doing, and how you occupy your time, and whether you ever think of poor banished me. Ycu are very ungrateful ; you have net the slightest notion of howgood I am to ycu — to be sitting up writing to you like this, when every sensible creature in Bel fast is in bed. The fire hag gone out ; and the room is dreadfully cold ; yet here I am writing away with still fingers, and the difficulty is to know how to stop. For I do want you to heXiece that I did not mean my letters lo be cold ; I think it was the weather that got into them ; and if you wait till a ?lhaw comes, and read them over again, you will find them quite different. This is all at present from ' Your loving Kixir.' 'P.S. Miss Patience is very kind to me ji'iSt row. She wrote a letter, which she ihewed me, to the BTcrihsm V. ' ig here the other day, about the number of beggars in the streets ;_ and as sura as ever was, the very ttext morning there was an. article in the newspaper beginning ' From the number of letters which we receive complaining of the mendicity in this town,' &c; Oh, my ! At lirst she was so lofty she would scarcely speak to me, for she considers me a frivolous kind of creature, but afterwards she grew more gracious, and has hetsn quite compassionately kind to me ever since. Last sight she made me wear her gloves on the way home, for I had forgotten mine, and it was cold. She even said that your verses in Chambers's Journal, which I showed her, were written with much taste, though she added that sb.8 thought this ?was scarcely a time for writing poetry, con sidering the serious stats of public affairs. Never mind, Willie ; there i3 one person at least who knows better than that; and you need not be afraid that she does not appre ciate jour poetry^ as the world will some day. ' Good-night, good-night !— K.' Many and many a time did Master Willie read over this letter, wondering to which to attach the more importance— the obvious out ward eheerfubiess or the curious ball- sug- gested little admissions of trouble and doubt. He was so anxious that Kitty should not be anxious ? And it was hard on Kitty to be away in those towns, practically alone— for that fool of a creature who was supposed to be her companion, apparently lived only for the pestering of editors — and not hearing very definite new3 of her lover's success. The sX-ace that separated them seemed great enough. But it was the thought of the time that might separate them that he was afraid would vreigh on Kitty's spirits. And so, ia answering her, he resolved to lake no notice cf these involuntary backslidinga of hers ; but to assume that she still had the hope aud high courage that possessed her when be and she- parted at Inisheen. ' My darling Kitty,' he wrote — 'You are all wrong about Iniskecn. It ia far more beautiful now than in summer ; this is the time it is worth, living in— not when idle and fashionable young ladies come down to the little villas and show off their finery along the sands, reglecticg thfcir music, and bccGH-irjg impertinent to their companions. You should see the real Inisheen when the frosty san shines red through the thin fog ; and you get a touch of the red en the shallow wateis of the harbor, and the heavy eraffc are 1 jing bigh and dry on the yellow inud. Just bow, my dear Kitty, you would find the son setting behind the sea, not away up behind the land, snd the cliffs looking splendid. Then at night — think of the moon on the frost-hardened moor, with the_ ice-ponds quite silvery here and there ; that is the time for the duck, I can tell you. You think the people are depressed now? Why, this is the sociable time of the year; when you como home stiff with cold to a blazing fire with a warm room, and then you get yoar dinner ever, and people come in, and you have whisky put on the table (that's for you, Miss Kitty, cot for me) and the kettle steaming en the- fire, and then the jokes and stories begin. Then ycu want to know where the fairies go to in the winter? I can tell you all about that. Mind you, the glen you speak of is quite lovely jnst now, with red berries and dark green bramble-stems and lota of color ycu don't find at all iu the monotonous £ummer-green ; but that does not matter ; for I confess that the fairies at this time do spend the most of their feasting and singing and dencing in the great halls within the moun tains, though they hare scouts sent out from time to time to see what is going en. There was a great banquet given by*I-on Fierna on the night of Tuesday last in the hall that comes nearest to the bill-side above the well that you knew. It was a very splendid affair ; the vast cavern was all lit up by millions cf g-iosnrorms placed along the rocks; but besides that there were innumerable will-o'-the-wisps nsovijjg through the air, so that you could eee the colors of the various costumes quite well, although most of the light fell on the Jong banquet board, and that again lit up the t milicg faces of the ladies and their knights. At the head of the long table Don Fierna sat in state ; a terrible, huge person, nearly two feet in height, with a prodigious black moustache and heavy eyebrows ; he wore a Spanish iiat of black velvet, a ssarlet cloak, f.nd en Ms breast hung his thick goldchaia of office, all glittering with precious stones. On his right sat the boy-king of the fairies (who is his heir-apparent), but he was a very beautiful little king, with large blue eyes and golden hair, and he wore a cloak of purple velvet clasped at the neck with gold, and also a crown of pure gold starred with sapphires. Opposite him — that is gu Don Fierna's lelt — sat the boy- king's bride; she was laore like a fairy than any of them, she was so slight and fair and deli cate, and she wore a cloak of cream white velvet, which had a scarier, flower where that was clasped, and her crown was not of gold, but of pure silver, with, scarlet berries set into it. The other knights and ladies were in all sorts of different costumes aDd colors ; and so were the servitors, who were hurrying this way and that with the materials of the feast. Oh, did I tell you that in the distance you could hear nightin ga'ca? For this is where the nightingales letire to in the winter; but they would be too noisy ; so they are shut up in an adjoin irg cave, and you can only hear their singing like a sort of continuous waterfall. Well, ycu know, Kitty, I need not tell you all the things they had at the banquet ; for the menu was rather long; only this, that the wine they drank was made of the honey that you get in the beads of pink clover, and that vhereas the lords and ladies drank out of accrn-cups, Don Fierna's flagon consisted of the shell of a plover's egg set in a handle of ? bog-cak. Well, when they had got down to thu end cf the Iiat, Don Fierna rose ; and the moment they saw him rise, each lord and lady struck a small silver gong in front of them, so that instantly there was a sort of soft tingling music rising from the whole fable and filling the cave; and this imme diately hushed the servitors to silence. '''Yonr Majesties, my noble lorJs and gracious ladies,' said Don Fierna, ' before \vs proceed to the dance, I have a question to ask. What is the name of the mortal wao was last at the Well of Vow?' ' All the eyes of the assemblage were now turned to the lower end of the cavern, where, ijCETtbe immense gate, and half- hidden in the dusk, was a lather tall soldier-looking fairy, dressed entirely in blue, with a blue feather in his cap, and a long silver sword by his side. ''Catherine, roy liege,' he said. (It's a curious fact, Kitty, but the fairies always call mortals by their Christian names. I don't know why it is ; perhaps it is in imifca f ien of the church ; or perhaps they found that human beings were always changing tbeir surname). ' * Say, where is this Catherine ?' Don Fierna continued— and you could hear his voice through the whole place, though he did EOt speak so loudly either. But everybody W3S listening intently, '*In the north, my liege. It is under stood she is coming to jour Highness's city of Coik. *' *She fcas been observed?' '\ ' Assuredly, my Ik-ge.' '! ' Sho remains faithful to her vow ?' ' At this all the ladies lowered their eye3, aud looked at each other wondering. ' ' She does, wy liege.' 'The words were pronounced wltaemph3'3is ; aud ro fconer were they heard tijaa the whole a^scmblsge once more struck the Hfctle silver £oi?gs, iii:d it was as if the hollows of the cavtiii overhead were all filled with the sirgirc of birds. ''Your Majesties, njy lords and ladies,' said Don Ficrna, * wo may despatch this piece of busjcess before the revels begin. This j faithful one must be rewarded. When she ] ccmca to cur rojal city of Cork, you will j a««re to hrr sweet sleep, sweet dreams. You j will instruct your attendants. You will banish from her idle tears ; you will guard her frcrn the phantoms of the night ; the dark and siecp shali be as sv?cet to her aa the day.' ' With that ail down tbe table there wai a continuous * Y«-s,' ' Yes,' * Ye3,' so tiiat the sound was just like the wind iu summer stir ring through the beech-trees. Don Fiorna then gave his hand to the younor queen iu white velvet; and the knig, her sweetheart, turned i;o the ncble dame who was nest him ; and so the whole company went away twoand two dowu the great hall (but leaving enough space between the couples for the ladies' trains to be fairly seen). Aud then, when the lord and ladies had disappeared into the ballroom, the servitors, in their green jackets and grey hose, forthwith jumped into the chairs of their masters and mistresses; and there was such a noise of laughing and feasting that the very nightingales could no longer make themselves heard. 'And so you see, my dear Kitty, that so far from having anything to fear from Don Fierna and the fairies and the elves of InisJieeii, they really have you under their protection : and it is not the least use your vorrying about what you promised at the weii, ana imagining dark things, for indeed, premise or no promise, the result will be the tame. Only, it seems to me, it would be base ingratitude on our part for ail the kindness of the invisible world of Don Ficrna if we were not to make that pilgrimage. And only once in seven years too ! Dear Kitty, think what a trip that will be. Of course, in mar ried life, if what eveiy one says is true, and if we should prove to be only like other peoplp, one's views of things must naturally {ret changed ; and no doubt the romance of love may get a little tempered down by familiarity and custom; and you can uot have such a lot of things to talk over as two people who only meet from time to time and have ail their future to settle. Sut just think what a reopening of the past that will be to us two ; how we shall seem to see ourselves again standing there as we were seven years before ; and if we have had our quarrels or mis understandings sarely that will be the place to make everything up. My darling, dou't look on your promise of that night as some thing terrible, something to haunt you, but rather as a bit of romance added to the fasts of your life — something that you can recall in after days with a kind o£ smile, perhaps, but yet with a tender smile, and something that will remind you through possibly more prosaic years of what you and I were thinking once. Is that not sensible, sweet eyes? 'About your father: you mu3t lot hisn understand, my darliag, that I am as aasioui as he can be that I should have something definite and settled; but Rome was not bails in a day ; and if you and I are content to wait for a while, I suppose that is our own business. Do you know, Kitty, that yoa are very profuse in your assurances that you are content witb. things as they are. I arn not ; not atalL I try to imagine what our lif o will be when we are together; and of course that makes me very impatient when I find another stumblicg block ia my way. How ever, there is no reason for grumbling. Plenty of people have como to London to try to earn a- living, and been worse served than I have been. £ have one hundred pounds a year certain; I have nearly all my time my own ; and I am writing so much and offering it in so many quarters that I must in time find out what the newspapers and magazines would wi&h; to have, or what it is they object to. Mind you, I have my own ideals ; and when the cbance serves, I work at them ; bu.t in this absolute fight for life, I have goi; to make just such bricks as the builder will buy. Someday, Kitty, when you and I can plan, together— after the fight is over, and we have won the fortress — then I shall be able to work in my own way, careless iof everybody, who knows but that one might then 'strike for honest fame?' I shall look ia your eyes ; the old days at Inisheen will come back ; that will be inspiration enough. 'In the meantime, dear Kitty, if I can't tell you of anything definite and settled as regards my literary work, this at least will please you. I have been thinking over a series of papers describing the nonsense that is talked about politics and political men in tavern parlors and the like — some of it being exquisitely absurd; and I wrote one paper and sent it to the Syde Park Journal. To my astonishment (and a bit of delight) it ap pears in this evening's edition ; and I seud you a copy, though it won't interest you much. Jfow the Hyde Paris is a very good paper ; and if they will only continue the scries, it will fce an excellent thing for me, for the varieties of human folly, especially public-house poli tics folly, are endless. So you see things are not so bad ; and ycu are a good girl to be ?working so hard — so good that I am not going to talk any more to you about wretched news papers and my scribbling, and hope3 and dis appointments. Don't forget that I love you. 1 sball be glad to hear of you being in Cork, for then Don Fierna will have his little scouts looking after you and protecting you. Do not forget that I love you.' (To be continued. } 