A COOKY TOWN. A SHOET time since there appeared in the Argus a paper under the heading of "A doggy Town," by which name the author considered that Hawthorn should in future be known. We are not going to dispute with the Argus the claim of Hawthorn to be ranked as the most densely populated dog district in all creation. It may be, and it probably is so. We are not an observer of dogs, though we are of cocks, and on behalf of the inhabitants of Emerald Hill, of which model municipality we are a ratepayer, we throw down our gauntlet to the world at large, and challenge it to produce any other place of the size that will run as many roosters to the acre. The existence of cocks is only made disagreeably apparent at one period of the day. Except at early morn, cocks may do their worst without our paying the slightest attention to them. They are not of course silent at other periods of the day. " The cock croweth at mid-day as at midnight, yet who hearkeueth to his voice save at sun rise ?" wrote one of the profoundest of philosophers ; and although the prO" position is putforward as & question instead of an assertion, there is no gainsaying its truth, But who, that is awake at sunrise, can refuse " to hearken to the voice of the cock ?"' Certainly no one on Emerald Hill, unless he be deaf. As the nightingale pours forth all night her amorous descant, so the cock chooses the first two or three hours of daylight for the concert of crowing, in which his soul delights. Who shall decide as to whether there is such a thing in the world as absolute beauty of sound ; of noises made either instrumentally or vocally, by either machine or animal's larynx, that will be pleasing to the ear of every animal that hears them ? Poets and people of that class have got into the habit of speaking highly of the voice of the nightingale and skylark, while they turn up their noses iti disgust at the bray of the ass, and the crow of the cock. Now we are not going to say a word in favour of either, though we certainly must raise our voices against the verdict of the poets. We can understand the nightingale or skylark thinking the song of her lord the loveliest thing that it is possible to conceive; but what would be the verdict of the female of the ordinary barn-door fowl— the wife in fact of the lordly cock—on the same performance ? *' Call that musical ?" she would probably say as the nightinglale or skylark thrilled forth something more complicated than usual. " 1 call it rubbish. Give me the high, bold, martial note of my dear old man, as he mounts upon the fence, and pours forth his whole soul in a note of defiance to his brother cocks next door I I hate your namby pamby canary and linnet notes from a male bird, [Drat that wretched nightingale, I wish he'd let me go to sleep. Pope writes, "All discord's harmony not understood," and the converse is equally true that " All harmony is discord to those who don't understand it." We confess that we don't understand the harmonies of cock crowing, and that, therefore, when we awake about four o'clock in the morning and hear a concert of ten thousand cocks gaily Binging to welcome the coming of the sun, we wish with Nero, that all the cocks in the world had but one neck, and that we had our hand tightly grasped round it. They may be discoursing most excellent music to their wives or to each other, there may be bursts of cocky eloquence in those crowings that, if interpreted into human language, would rise to the height of a Mirams; or there may he love chants, sweeter and more affecting than any poured forth on the stage by the most powerful roarer in the best Italian opera company that ever appeared before the footlights. But in ignorance of the thoughts that animate them, we can only judge by the effect that the sounds produce upon our nerves, and, as far as we are personally concerned, that effect is not a pleasant one. We will even go farther, and say that it is unpleasant. At the first dawn of day in the fated town the crowing commences. One cock muBt, of course, crow first, but before the laBt sound of the final "doo" has passed away the challenge is taken up by ten thousand roosters in the neighbourhood, and the morning air is made musical by wild bursts of the national air of the gallinaceous fowl that would drown the Russian brass band in force and volume. From the first crow the noise does not cease till the traffic in the Btreets drowns it. There is a strength in ten thousand cocks all crowing in a limited area that it takes a large amount of traffic to drown, so it is not till the sun is high up in the heavens that the wearied ear becomes dulled to the shrieks of the roosters. They are there still, but the carts and horses, the cries of butcher, baker, and milkman, the tramp, the hum and the hurry of man and beast gradually subdue them. From breakfast time till daylight on the next morning they cease, and the cocks of Emerald Hill seem to flyaway like the ghosts. It were well for the disturbed sleeper that their existence were as imaginary, and their crowings no louder than the rattling of the ghosts'chains J 