CRICKET NOTES. Bt Cover- J»ori- ] The great topic of conversation last weet was the return intercolonial match between Vktoriaand Kew Sooth Wales. To say that the intercolonial match has created a sensation would be to say too little. It -was generally expected that the Victorians would find they had all their work cnt oat for them, and there were many who predicted that the tables -woulii be reversed, and that Sydney would win easily. No one, however, antici pated that the Cornstalks would run no such a tremendous score as 775, or that Murdoch would perform such a wonderful feat aa to score 321 runs — a eat unequalled in the colonies. Itisimpos svl-le to speak too highly of bis performance. He simply did what he liked wita the bowling, and scored in a most brilliant manner that won the encomiums of friends and opponents alike. The wager lie is reported to have made, I should say, was a piece of fudge, as there is the mark of improbability on the face of it. Then Garrett made atto a wonderful score, and Jones topped the century. The wickets must have l^-fteca perfect in this innings or such great scoring would have been impossible against . Hie Victorian bowling. I believe this total of 775 is Hie. greatest ever recorded in a match of any pretensions. The East Melbournes some two ' rearsago made 742 against aii eleven from Tasmania, and Horan was credited with 250, not out, made without civingacbance. Horan's feat was surpassed by bis clnb companion, Gaggin, who made 251 in a second-rate match in Melbourne. Probably the largest score ever made in the colonies was that recorded in a third-rate game in Sydney. No less than 1,200 were put on, the game occupying six Saturdays. On July 13, 1881, in a match at Oain toridee. Mr. W. N. Boe scored 415, not out, the total for four wickets being 709. On the same day a match was played between Mr. Fellowes eleven and Huntingdonshire, when667runs were registered, 404 of wWchhad been scoredbetorea wicket fell. Mi. W. F. Forbes got 331, and Viscount Hornby 123. ahe leviathan batsman of England has had some large innings to account for. His highest scores have been 400 {not out) against twenty-two of. Grimsby, 341 asainst Kent, and 318 (not out) against York shire. Mr. Tvlecote is credited in the annals of English cricket with a score of 404 (not out). There have been other large scores chronicled, but those 1 hare mentioned will be sufficient to enable my readers to institute comparisons with the intercolo nial game. It is a wonder the Victorians did not altogether lose hiart. but they worked together very l-luckily, and It is satisfactory to know that the fielding of some of the men lias been spoken of in most complimentary terms. No less than ten bowlers tried, and I,5a2 balls were delivered during the iuniiigsof the NewSouth Welshmen. With Spoffortll against them;— the Ueiuou for some reason or other playing after all— the Victorians were thought not to have the ghost of a chance. Thanks to Palmer McDonnell, Bonnor, and Slight they made a, eallane stand, scoring 315 runs, la the second innings Horan, who in his first essay went out for a duck . made 10? in splendid style, without a chanced Sl&ckhaxagpt;$ti by careful play, and a ball from Garrett, which rolled gently from his pad on to his wicket, put a stop to f uither offensive operations «n bis part. Baker ran up it wlifle Horan was adding two twos and a single, bat Garrett disposed ol him and Slight in one over, the latter not scoring. - Turner, who was not out for 41, gave four chances, one to Spoffortli at long-slip, one to Garrett off his own bowling, and two difficult ones to Haidocb at the wickets. The fielding of the New Sooth Wales team greatly improved in the secoud innings, and the bowling of Jones, Gaxrett, Evans, and Spofforth was the feature of the day. The wickec was broken up by continuous play, aud nothing but patient batting could have nut up such scores as 315 and 324. ' Horan received a hit from tlie ball over the region of tile heart and felt the effects for some time after, although keeping at the -wicket. Fresh wickets were provided each innings, Ijut on account oi tiie dry weather and the small ? -? ? ? amount of ground available for good pitches (a portion of the ground having been reserved for the combined match) only five or six feet separated them. The Victorians were defeated in one inning j by 138 runs, end thus ended a match which w2l long be remembered. The match between members of the Post and Telegraph offices and the press, or properly speajdng the Register office, would nave been ren dered more interesting had the team put forward on behalf of the fourth estate been more represen tative. The Register cricketers, however, following in the wake of the three tailora of Tooley-street, who fondly believed they were possessed of all the wisdom of the world, evidently imagined that they in themselves were sufficientlyrepreaentatire of the press of the colony to need much help from other offices, and as a result, with the exception of Den ness and McK.ee, the whole of the pres3 eleven bailed from the Register office. X am informed that the Advertiser players held aloof because they considered the claims of their office had been somewhat alighted. A team was chosen by a member of the Register literary staff before they were consulted in the matter, and the eleven consisted of eight Register and three Advertiser men, two of the latter being by no means the best cricketers the establishment could produce. As this was evidently not the intention 01 Mr. C. Todd, C.M.G., when he proposed the match, and the personnel of the team was not further altered than to place Sane on the emergency list, it was considered better that the Advertiser players should drop out of the match, and this was accordingly donfc If the match, as has been stated, was intended as a compliment to Giffen, our representative in the Australian Eleven could not not have been much flattered when be saw what a meagre attendance there was on the Oval. He may, however, be ttssured that -when he plays here on the return of the Eleven after a victorious career in the- old country and with a big average to show, he will be welcomed with all possible heartiness. I may men tion that Giffen left for Sydney on Monday. The match between the All- England Eleven and the Australians will be played at Sydney on March 3, i, 6, and 7. 1 am informed that Jesse Hide has had an invita tion from the Surrey club, which must be highly gratifying to him as a recognition of his abilities as a cricketer. He has been asked to go home this season to play for Surrey, a very liberal offer having teen made him. He would be enabled to get back in plenty of time for the opening of the cricket season here. He has not yet decided whether to apply to our association for the necessary leave or not, but I am sure if he goes all cricketers will be glad to see him revisiting the old country for a little while, and will wish him every possible luck in the matches he plays there. The only difficulty would be in the matter of looking after the ground, but Hide would be able to return to Adelaide in time to get the wickets in good enough condition for our cricket season. The Hindmarsh team hare decided to play Green and Tolley for the rest of the season in place of Hill and Tidy. At the beginning of the season I expressed some surprise that Green should hare been left out of the first eleven, and I am glad to find that he is coining back to the OvaL Tolley has been doing well for the second eleven, his batting average so far being something like 26, while he has been a successful bowler. Hill has not borne out the hopes that were expressed when be first made his appearance on the OvaL Tidy camefrom the second eleven withabigaverage, buthe has done little or nothing in the batting line for the fitstteam. Last season he showed himself a capital field, but he has not been so smart this year, and Carew Chittteborough has left him a long way behind. I suppose there would be few cricketers who would not have been glad to have learnt that Jarvia bad been picked to go home with the Australian Eleven as well as Giffen. That his claims wero con sidered by the promoters of the eleven I have good reason to know, but various considerations nave prevented bis being selected. Every fresh match on the Oval finds Jarvis improving in form, and he would have represented the colony most creditably in England. Taking the season right through be has had a run of bad hick, or probably we should have had two representatives in the third Austra lian Eleven. It was surprising to see how few people there were on the Oval on Saturday week. Tune was when a snatch between the North Adelaide and Hindmarsh Clubs would have called together an extremely large gathering of spectators. Surely the partisans of the Hindmarsh have not lost faith in their club 1 The principal features of the afternoon were the batting of Stow, W. Slight, and Jarvis. Stow has not been making large scores for his club this season, but on Saturday he was in rare fettle. He hit freely to all parts ol the field, mostly for threes, and his 51 was a most serviceable contribution. The North Adelaide skipper after giving an easy chance to jSorman settled (town to very careful play, bis innings affording a splendid example of what pati ence can accomplish. Jarvis was fast becoming ?fixed for a long swore, and -was bitting with great freedom and dash, when to the annoyance of the spectators he was run out by Noel. The long han dicap was too much for tiie Hindmarsh, and on Thursday when the match was played out their last wicket fell when the total was 122 behind that of tneKorth Adelaides. Cnittleborongb.iTent cheaply, and Arthur, who batted freely, did not add many to his previous score. King was in a long while for his TOES, but bis innings was very tiresome to witness. The Norwoods soon finished their match with the Cents and South Adelaides — indeed no one could nave dreamed of any other result. 'Waiting and Millwood got into doHble figures, but the general exhibition was, to use the expression of a spectator, 'sick.' The intercolonial match between Victoria and South Australia will in all probability be com menced in Adelaide on Maxell 10. The local asso ciation are now waiting a reply from Mr. Chuck, secretary of the Victorian Association, on this point. Tbe.visrtingteam is not likely to be very strong, as the leading players will be wanted in the Australian Eleven, but I daresay a pretty fairly represen tative lot wiQ be sent over. The sooner the date of the match is definitely fixed, so that the South Australian eleven can be chosen, the better it will be. At last the colors of Shaw's victorious team have been lowered. Up to within a, few days ago they bad not lost one match, and it has remained for a combined eleven to give them their first defeat. The present season bus been productive of so many curiosities |in cricket- that it would not have been altogether surprising to find the Englishmen at the present time still holding their own, although in my opinion, and without wishing to underrate Shaw's team, the Combined fileven was the better of the two, and the match was won strictly on its merits. Had the. Combined Eleven been defeated we should have had people saying that it was no use for the Australian' Eleven to go borne, but thlsftf course would have been absurd. However, as the ^afigiidimign bare i-een beaten, and . beaten in an unmistakable way, it is not im probable that those colonists who are still English to the backbone may be pleased to admit that the third Australian Eleven goes home under very favorable auspices. Turning to the Sydney match we find that the All-England Eleven were unable, even on a good wicket, owing to the excellence of the bowling of Palmer and Evans, to total more than JS3 runs in their first innings. Barlow, who played as usual eery carefully, got 31 of these, Scotton fol lowing close on his heels with a well got 30, and Ufyetf being the third highest scorer with 26, earned in his usual rapid manner, but spoiledbyone chance. This looked a very quiet thing for the Combined Team, and when Massie began sending the ball to all parts of the field with his accustomed ease, the hopes of the colonials were in the ascendant. So fast did the scoring go on that when stamps were drawn on the first day there was only one wicket down Ifor 86 runs, and the Combined Team, -were thus 47 behind their opponents score. The nest day there was a change, and the wickets went down far too quickly to suit the majority of the spectators. Jones, however, played a magnificent innings. He was at the wickets for three hours, during which be showed good defence and some fine hitting, while he only gave one chance. Palmer was in for over an hour for his 16, and Coulthard stayed at the wickets for a similar period of time, although he only made 6 runs. Ulyett came out with the most successful bowling average, taking' two wickets for 11 runs ; but Bates's performance was the most remarkable. He trundled 288 balls at a cost of 52 runs, and secured four wickets. Being 64 runs behind, the Englishmen started their second Innings, and at the close of the second day had totalled 8 without losing a wicket. On Monday Clyett and Barlow completely collared the bowling. A splendid stand was made by them, and when the adjournment for lunch took place 112 runs had been recorded: Shortly after resuming play Ulyett was got Lb.w. after a vigorous innings of 67, during which be gave three chances. The two next wickets went rather cheaply, and then Barlow, who had not given a chance during his long stay, was caught by Boyle afteY scoring 62. Shrewsbury, Shaw, and \- Scottou matte a stand, but tie rest did little, and the innings closed for 232. This left the Combined Team 169 to get to win. Massie was again to the fore with a quickly-made contribution of 82. Blaclinam -was bad cheaply, and there were two wickets down for 35 at the close of the day's play. On the fourth day matters were rather ex citing, but owing to the splendid play of Murdoch, Horan, McDonnell, Jones, and Garrett a most in teresting match was won by five wickets. Gifien left the colony on Monday last for Sydney, and it will be some months before we see him again. The members 4-f the Norwood dub had a, social gathering last Saturday night, at which the health of the South Australian representative in the Aus tralian Eleven wan drunk with great cheering. There was a large attendance on the Oval last Saturday on the occasion of the match between the Norwood and Hindmarsh clubs, The innings of the HindmaisU, who went in first, vras chiefly re markable for the capital display of cricket by Jaivia and the successful bowling of Quilty. Jarvis, though a little too eager to score, wats in grand foiin. He went out to Quilty almost every ball, and several times landed him over the ropes. He very nearly paid dearly on one occasion, but Bowe evidently thought that he would have been bowled, and let the baU^'b. The crack Hiud uavsh bat was at last caught in the long-field off a big hit. Chittleborough played a very mceinniugs, and repeatedly stepped out to Quilty. Noel went in as tame a* manner as possible. He put a 'ball from Quilty so softly into Whitridge's bands at point that people thought he was only funning, but he looked rather disgusted when he reached the pavilion. Tolley, the acquisition from the second eleven, hit out very vigorously, but lie ought to have been disposed of before he was caught by lows, who, by tlie way, fielded splendidly right throughout the innings. The Bindsnaisli total was three short of the century, and this was not considered at all good enough even by their own supporters. AIL Gooden played for liis team after a long absence from the Oval but he was very stale, and Iris fielding was by no means up to the mark. With this exception the Norwood fielding was good. Giffen, who made his last appearance on the Oval for some time to come, started the ball for his club with Bichards as a companion. Heplayedasplendid.inningsfor40with outgivingachance, hisfine hHtingfreauentlyevokine' cheers. Walter Giffen was at the wickets for a long time aud made Jus 20 in a very careful manner. When JIusgrove, -who is a member of the Kast Melbourne Cricket dub, went in to bat, King left the ground, amid, some excitement, for the purpose of entering a protest against his playing. It appears that Gooden was not quite sure whether Musgrore could ??et down in time to play, and according to bis state ment he arranged with King that Julian Woods .should field for him ; that if Musgrove did come to the oval he should be allowed to bat, but that if he did not he should not be allowed to play on the following Saturday. On the other hand Kingstates that he declined in the first instance to allow Musgiove to play unless he was flaowa to field. It is impossible to enter into the merits of the dispute, seeing that there is such conflicting evidence given by the captains, but the affair has brought up a question which the associa tion wfll find itself compelled to deal with. Under the present arrangements the Norwoods are perfectly , justified in getting Musgrove to play for them, but this sort of thing once permitted may be greatly abused. . What we want here- is a rule to the effect that no man shall be allowed to play with an associated clnb unless he has been resident for a certain space of time in the colony. A role of this description is in force elsewhere, and if adopted here might be the means of preventingmanv bicker ings in toe future. However, the Hindmarsh team wieely decided to allow Mufgrove to play, and what ^^— ^ -^— ^— — — might have proved an aagrf dispute, was put tut end to. Mnsgrove seemed somewhat stale, and did not do very much, and when stumps were drawn the Norwoods had five wickets down for 82 runs. Jones bagged the whole of the wickets at a cost of 29 runs. Bullough bowled well, delivering sixty-six balls at a cost of only 7 runs, but he had no lack. 