;TIie V.B.€. Antaaia Meeting, [By Telegraph.] [From our Special Correspondent.] Melbourne March 2. There was a numerous gathering of touts at Flemington this morning in'.anticipation of Witnessing some fast gallops with a view to Saturday's racing. The morning was cloudy and suggestive of rain, which, caused ; trainers to rattle their teams along expedi - tiously, and the morning's-rehearsal was. consequently all over by S o'clock, when the* promised rain came down right earnestly, causing a speedy clearance of the flat. Elsi nore, a 'Cup outsider, was sent > the dis« ■ tanjbe proper just; -as... daylight bi'bke,. to ! view, being .escorted home by Seal Serpent, the ghllop - apparently satisi fying.the stable, i Wellington ne^t appeared; in company with Stair of the West for p ^.slashing spin of a. mile and three-quarters, the mare making matters lively for him through out, though Wellington finished- admirably on being pushed along by Yeomans. The old fellow is in "fine fettle, and in. the absence of Progress he is bound to take a deal of beating in the Port Phillip Stakes,on Saturday. Suwarrow stretched out determinedly for a mile and a half in company with Bouquet, who was of no' assistance to the grey at the' . finish. Saunterer, who is greatly fancied for the Cup, in certain" quarters, acquitted himself satisfactorily in a mile and a quarter gallop with Drummer. . Zambesi ; brought Coriolanus into' difficulties in a mile and a half stretch. Darebin, piloted by Power, who is sufficiently recovered to steer -his former mount in the Leger, executed a masterly spin of a mile, running all over his companion, Sir Samuel, and displaying a decided inclination to -keep going. The • Derby "winner is in high feather just now,i and if he loses the Leger it will be for the want of an extra gallop or two of greater' length than he has been accustomed, to. Gunild, a recent arrival frdin Sydney, pleased me immensely in a spin over the .Newmarket; Handicap distance, while amongthe remaining candidates for the . short distance race , Result,." Verdure, .Larpent,: Baron. Von Mueller, Hyacinth, and the Drummer,'per-: formed to most advantage. Guesswork com pletely lost Bassanio in a six-furlong flutter; the .two-year- old Allander also shaped well in. •a similar spin. Useful work waS.done by the'' following horses,, viz. :—Chatterer, Attache,. Bine Ribbon,. Bathiirst, Trevallyn; Glouces ter, Tyropean Swiveller, Ween, Koohinor, and Josephine.' Hesperian, accompanied by Aureola and Sayonoia, arrived to-day from Sydney. Ivory has;also put in.an appearance with Surrey and Gamecock. The betting market under-, • went considerable changes to-day; Sweet William has hardened materially for the; . Australian Cup, being- backed frcefy up to • 8 to 1. Suwarfow, First Water, and .Hespe rian have also shortened a, point or two from yesterday's quotations. .On the ^strength of this morning's gallop Result has received support for ..the Newmarket Handicap at TOO -to 4 taken and offered;TOO.to'"'6 has'been accepted about Surrey, Verdure, Larpent; . Tyropean and the . Ghost are. the . best patronised of the others6 to 4 is still taken and offered about BaYebim'for ?tlie OLeger, ,while no more than fours are pffered ngainst fany of the remaimng'candidates, of wfi'oni Royal Maid and Commotion are regarded as the Derby winner's most dangerous' oppo • nents. Very little is known of the last-named, who is undergoing his preparation <at;: Brighton, but rumor hath it that he is.ya ■ wonderfully improved horse. The .following : are the latest scratehings :—St. Leger'Stakes,. ■ —Spectre, Ai-t Union filly, Beatrice cplfc, ! Paid, Yosemite, Sour Grapes colt, Sunshine colt, Bayswater, Liberator, Aureola; Rupert, Mowerina, Somerset, Mary filly, Miss Childers filly, Hunter, Stationer, Advance, Lord Byron, Shylock, Prince Albert, Cyclone, Excelsior.. Sires'. Produce Stakes.—Art Union filly, Luna . filly,; .La Mousse filly, Cocoanut colt, -Grosvenor, Paras seuse. vAscot Vale -Stakes.—Daginav bolt; ■ Sour Grapes colt, Luna filly, -Art Unioh filly, Beatrice, Reprise, Prince George, Hobart,, Caucasus, Lulu, Perte, Daustrolie; Henbane, > Parasseuse, Gfosvenor, Qui Vive, Jack-iri-. the-Green, D'Anson, Essex, Little- Jack,. Raillery, Bapsanio, Euroclydon, Lulu, ;"St. ,:; Stephen,: i Lesbia, Brunswick , Stakes..---.V Gloster. all. engagements, Queen. New market Handicap.—Quicksilver, 