? THE PARLIAMENT. HOUSE OF ASSEMBLY. Thxtesdat, Juke 22. The Speaker took the Chair at 2 o'clock. MAIN ROADS BEX. Mr. BEAN asked— 'When hon. members were [ likely to have the new Main Roads Bill on their ?files r _ Hie CHIEF SECEETAEY (Hon. J. C. Bray) . lepueu insi ne coma not nx me date, rue dinerent i Road Boards had been communicated with, and he ?thought it was possible he might be able to lay the i measure before the House in about three weeks. . INHUMAN TREATMENT OF AN ABORIGINAL. .; Mr. WARP asked the Chief Secretary whether , his attention had been drawn to a paragraph appear ' ing in the Advertiser, giving an account of the di3 ;' graceful treatment an aboriginal had.been subjected ' to at Yatina. The paragraph was as follows :— 'The aboriginal who was burned at Yatina is '.reported upon good authority to hare lain in the open air in Mi. Can's backyard since Sunday with ! out medical attendance. The poor fellow presents a shocking spectacle, the left leg being roasted on the outside from foot to hip, and the inside of the right ankle being in such a horrible condition that ite marrow is visible. The police received intima i tion of the case on Sunday last, but as yet nothing has been, done to afford medical or other assistance 'to' 'the poor wretch. General indignation is ex pressed that such a state of things shonld.exist in a ; township in which a member of the police. force is stationed ana upon the premisea of a Magistrate.' r; He, would like to know if the Chief Secretary knew ?whether the statement was correct. If he did 'flot, be Hoped be would make some enquiries on the subject. ? ?The CHIEF SECRETARY (Hon. J. C. Bray) 'said he had not had the case brought under his notice beyond having seen the paragraph in the .paper. He was very glad the hon. member had crawa attention to the matter, because he would take care to see if it was correct,' and, if so, he ?would endeavour to fix the blame upon the ri'ht shoulders. (Hear, hear.) : BUSINESS ON WEDNESDAYS. ? Mr. DIXSON asked whether it was the intention ol the Government to place sufficient Government business on the Notice-papers for Wednesdays, in i -order to prevent any waste of the time of hon. .members. The CHIEF SECRETARY (Hon. J. C. Bray) ?replied that it ?was the intention of the Government , to do so ; and he would have put more business on ? the Paper yesterday, only as Tuesday was a public holiday he had not had an opportunity of re arranging the business. In addition to that, he . might mention that Mr. Townsend had an impor tant motion on the Panel, which, if moved, would have taken up the whole of the afternoon. (Hear, hear.) ROAD FROM CRAFERS TO BELAIR. -Mr. SYMON asked—' Whether, in the proposed new Road Bill, the Government intend to plice the road from Crafers to Belair on the schedule of main roads V \- The CHIEF SECRETARY (Hon. J. C. Bray) , replied :— ' The Government do not propose to place the road from Crafers to Belair on the schedule of main roads, the Road Board having declined to . recommend it' SALE OF GOVERNMENT FARM. ' Mr. SYMON asked-' Whether the Government have decided to place Government Finn in such a position that it cannot be disposed of without legislative sanction, and whether they intend, and when, to bring in a Bill for that purpose, or other wise to deal with Government Farm ?' He had asked the question because the subject referred to was one that had been exciting a good deal of discussion, and a deputation had waited on the Commissioner of Crown Lands regarding it on January 12 last. The Commissioner then promised that the subject would be considered by the Government in order that the sale of Government Farm should not take place without the sanction of Parliament The COMMISSIONER of CEOWN LANDS (Hon. A. Catt) replied :— ' The Government propose shortly to introduce a Bill to set aside Government Farm for public purposes.' He mieht add that the natter had been brought under his notice some time ago, when very strong reasons were adduced why the Government Farm should be reserved for public pnrposes ; and feeling the importance of the statements then made the Government had resolved to introduce a Bill to reserve the Farm as soon as possible. PAPER. The TREASURER (Hon. L. Glyde) laid on the table— , Marine Board By-laws. To be printed. . AUDIT OF PUBLIC ACCOUNTS BILL. The TREASURER (Hon. L. Glyde) moved— 'That he have leave to introduce a Bill for an Act toprovide for the Audit of the Public Accounts.' He_ moved this resolution in pursuance of the intimation contained in the Governor's Speech on this matter, and also to carry into effect the decision of the Finance Commission on the subject He hoped the House would take the motion as formal, as at the second reading of the Bill he would ex plain the intentions of the Government. Carried. DISTBICT COUNCILS BILE. Third reading. Mr. SYMOjN said there had been a unanimity of opinion with regard to the desirability of readjust ing the mode of assessment for District Councils with a view of reaching certain classes who did not contribute their fair share of rates. The third clause dealt with the assessment and principles on which it could be made, and then stated that all vacant land outside the Ihnit3 of any township should be assessed according to their full estimated annual rental, &c.; There should be some definition as to what wa3 vacant land. He did not understand ?that a run, or a number of sections used for agricul tural purposes, would come within the definition of vacant laid, and the only property which would come ?within the strict definition was land utterly waste and unoccupied. He thought if they did not take care a great injustice would be done, but if the difficulty were removed by the definition of vacant land, then he thought that that provision would work well. He would move the recommittal of clause 3, in order that he might bring in an amendment to carry his views into effect. He would also like to call attention to an injustice that persons owning large properties outside the boun daries of the townships, but within the limits of Dis trict Councilsmightbesubjectedto. Their landmight be liable to be assessed according to the estimated annual rental, and that would be an estimated annual rental according to the quality of the soil they occupied. There was plenty of land outside townships not occupied fer agricultural purposes, although the soil might be good enough in ouality. ?The owners might be liable to be assessed at'2} or 5 per cent, upon the agricultural value of the laud, whereas the assessment ought only to be according to the value of the land for the purpose for which ft was used. He thought that was a just principle to go upon. He called attention to that point with a hope that the matter would be properly adjusted when the Bill was before the Legislative Council. Mr. PLAYFORD failed to see the point raised by the hon. member with regard to the vacant lands which he desired to have defined. The Bill was yery clear upon the matter. (Mr. Symon— 'What is vacant land ?') Vacant land was unoccupied land, and the principle set forth in the Bill was similar to that in the old District Councils Act. The pro visions in that measure had been in operation for years, and no difficulty had ever arisen regarding them. He did not think, either, that there v-is any need to define what were vacant lands within a township. The same power to assess vacant lands had been in force for years within Corporations, and no difficulty had ever arisen as to the meaning of the Act on the matter. He trusted th9 hon. member would not press his amendment. Mr. KINGSTON considered that Mr. Playford was wrong with regard to the District Councils Act because there was no mention in it of vacant land. He refemed the hon. member to clause 121 of; the District Councils Act of 1S76. He quite agreed with the hon. member for the Sturt that there was a necessity that there should' be a definition of the term 'vacant land,' and the House ought to thank the hon. member for having drawn attention to the omission. If the Bill were passed in its present form it would contain no principle as to how lands outside the limits of townships not built upon, but used for pastoral or agricultural purposes, but which were undoubtedly occupied, should be assessed. (Hear, hear.) He trusted the Government would look into the matter. The COMMISSIONER of CROWN LANDS (Hon. A. Catt), in replying to the remarks of the last speaker, said that he considered the wording of the clause was sufficiently clear to be comprehended by any one of common sense. The clause read— 'As to any building, and all land that may be occupied therewith, wherever situate,' and 'all vacant land situated outside^the limits of any township,' followed as a natural sequence, though if the word ' vacant ' were left out the sense of the clause would not be interfered with, while made a little clearer. (Hear, hear.) He had no doubt, however, that all hon. members understood the meaning of the clause. (Mr. Symon—' That is argument, not statement') Every person had a perfect right and privilege to appeal against his assessment, and he certainly thought the clause as printed would meet all the circumstances of the case. It was in accordance with the Municipal Corpora tions Act and would meet the necessities put forward by the deputation which waited upon him from the Chairmen of District Councils, and he trusted the Bill would not be imperilled by any amend ments, or probably it could not be brought into operation this year. Mr. FURNER— In the endeavour to make this clause clear, as the hon. member tor Start had pointed out, somewhat mistifying terms had been adopted. It seemed to him that unbuilt-on land outside of a township was to be rated in the same way as that occupied or not, and therefore he did not understand the use of the introduction of the word ' vacant,' as he understood the purport of the Act to be to rate all land outside towns on a uniform basis, whether built upon or not. Mr. HAINES said that there were no sheepmns in the territory of the District Councils to come under the head of vacant lands, as they would be bound to be built upon, and he would be sorry to see any amendment made in the District Councils Act doing away with its simplicity. It had worked well hitherto, and the fact of getting the present Bill passed this session would not benefit the Councils at all. because their assessments were nearly completed for this year, in accordance with the recommendation of the Government, who advised them not to delay in the expectation of setting the amendment carried. (Hear, hear.) He thought it would be wise to withdraw the Bill, and Biter finding out all the defects in the old Act intro duce one general measure for the guidance of the Councils. (Hear, hear.) By the term vacant land be had always understood unfenced land which was not occupiedjand if it were fenced it would not be vacant land. The old Act gave all the power the Councils wanted for assessment, and the amending Bill was no clearer than it, and only just about on a par with it so far as the definition clause was con cerned. The Hon. J. CARR did not agree with a state ment which had been made that pastoral land was not worth as much as if it were used for agriculture in the Councils' districts, especially in the South Eastern portions of the colony; and so far as some semarks went about striking out ' vacant,' he thought he was right, but it would be better if the House would agree to pass the Bill, and let the amendment be made in another place. Mr. BRIGHT objected to the House sending up measures to another branch of the Legislature, to have things struck out when hon. members thought the amendment should be made. (Hear, hear. The Hon. J. Carr-'We have done it') If the BUI were passed he did not think the Councils would act upon it this year, and he believed that they already had a definition of vacant land in the old Act (No.) If it were intended to raise the assess ments of the District Councils generally it would be a mistake, as they were high enough already,' and it would be better if the third clause of the Bill were made to refer to lands abutting on townships only where outside lands were in question. He ?would support the amendment of the hon. member for Start. The amendment was pat and declared lost . ' Mr. SYMON called for a division, which resulted as follows :— Ayes, 28 ; Noes, 14 ; majority for the Ayes, 9. The division-list was as follows :— Ates— Messrs. W. H. Beaglehole, W. H. Bean, J. Bosworth, D. Bower, h7 E. Bright, F. E. Bucknall, J. H. Bagster, Hon. J. Colton, Messrs. R. Duson, L. L. Fumer, W. Gilbert, J. H. Howe, C. C. Kingston, W. R. Mortlock, S. V. Moyle, S. Newland, W. B. Bounsevell, E. T. Smith, J. L. Stirling, A. Tennant, S. Tomkinson, E. Ward, and J. H. Symon (tellert.1 Noes— The Chief Secretary, the Minister of Edu cation, the Treasurer, Messrs. T. Atkinson, F. Basedow, Hon. J. Carr, Messrs. J. Coles, E. Cooke, W. Haines, G. C. Hawker, T. Johnson, R. Rees, T. Playford, and the Commissioner of Crown Lands (teller). The amendment was carried. In Committee. . Clause 3. Assessments and principles on which sane to be made. Mr. SYMON moved that the word ' vacant' 3-e struck out The CHIEF SECRETARY (Hon. J. C. Bray), admitting that the clause was not artistically drawn, suggested that all the words after ' land' in the fifth line down to ' bind' in next line be struck out, as it would do away with verbiage, and come to the same thing as Mr. Symon's amendment I Mr. SYMON agreed. that this would simplify matters, but it would get rid of one thing which he took to be the principle of the clause, namely, that buildings and occupied land within the limits of a township were to be assessed on a percentage on the freehold value, and all lands ontside according to the estimated rental for fourteen vears. The CHIEF SECRETARY (Hon. 3. C. Bray) agreed with the hon. member as to the effect of striking out all the words. If a man took a house just outside a township and nineteen acres within they would not be assessed at 5 per cent, of their freehold value, but on the annual rental, which meant that their assessment would not be increased under the Bill. This was not what was intended, the idea in framing the Bill being that all township land should pay at a certain rate, and all outside on fourteen years' annual rental, and he did not think it desirable to have the other mode of assessment. Mr. SYMON— Probably the better plan would be to withdraw the clause altogether and consider it again in another shape, as it seemed to prevent persons proposed to' be benefited from receiving any benefit The CHIEF SECRETARY (Hon J.' C. Bray}— The cases in which this would arise would be very ex ceptional—perhaps but one in twenty yearn— and he would withdraw the amendment he had suggested in favour of Mr. Symon's. The amendment was carried. On the motion that the clause be passed as amended, The Hon. J. CARR objected to the perpetuation of the system of assessing twenty-acre town blocks which were unoccupied, and merely held for the sake of the extra value other people'simprovements would give them, at virtually Ies3 than other lands; and with the view of assessing them at 5 per cent, on their freehold value instead of 2J per cent, as pro posed, he wonld move the omission of all the words after 'freehold' in line 22 down to the same word in line 3 on the next page. Mr. PLAYFORD expressed the hope that the Hon. J. Carr would not p*rass his amendment He would find the same provision in the Corporations Act, and he would surely admit that if the provision existed in the Corporations Act it should ba allowed to remain in the District Councils Act The District Councils did not want to interfere with people who held blocks of land which they used for agricultural purposes, and if the clause were amended as pro posed it would press very hardly upon the owners of property in some places. Mr. SMITH joined with his colleague in the hope that the amendment would not be pressed, as there was no doubt it would be unjust in its operation. The Hon. J. CARR said there was no question that if the clause were passed as it stood it would prove of great advantage to some owners of pro perty, but it would be very unjust to others. He did not think that they should follow the terms of the Corporations Act, but that they should put the District Councils Act right, and alter the other Act afterwards. It was unfair to make distinctions in the way proposed, and he must press the amend ment. Mr. BOSWORTH would oppose the amendment, and pointed out that it would be a great injustice to impose a high assessment on the owners of pro perty of little or no value in some townships in the colony. He thought it would be preferable to reduce the area from twenty to ten, or even five acres. Mr. KINGSTON did not see why the owner of a twenty-acre block of land in a township should receive greater consideration than a man who owned a smaller block, and he thought they would do well to establish a uniform rate for the assessment of township lands. He considered, however, that 5 per cent, was an excessive rate, and that 2j per cent, would be sufficient He hoped the Govern ment would look into the matter. Mr. COOKE said the object of making the diffe rence in the assessment was to meet the cases of townships which were nominally laid out and were not built upon ; and while bethought there might be some reason for striking out the provision in the Corporations Act, he did not see that it should be in the District Councils Act. The COMMISSIONER of CROWN LANDS (Hon.A.Catt)saldtheobjectofintroducingtwomode3 o! assessment was to meet the cases of townships where people had bought land for speculative pur poses and held it. They benefited by the expendi ture on other property, and also the works carried out by the District Council, and it was desirable to make them contribute largely to the rates. There were other cases of townships which had proved failures, and in which the land had fallen into a few hands and was now used for pastoral or agricultural purposes ; and it was felt that it would be unfair to charge these people the same as the owners of valuable allotments. He hoped the House would support the clause as it stood. The amendment was negatived. The clause was passed as previously amended, The Bill was reported and the consideration of the report was fixed for Tuesday next. MARRIAGE BILL. Consideration of report of Committee. The report was adopted, and the third reading was fixed for Tuesday next. CROWN LANDS AMENDMENT BILL. Adjourned debate. Mr. PLAYFORD said that Mr. Henning had an engagement which prevented him from continuing the debate, andhetiadaskedhimtodoso. Intheflrst place, he thought he might say that he expressed the feelings of all the members of the House when he said they all exceedingly deplored the state of things which existed, and sympathized with the fanners and those connected with the farming in terest of South Australia, who had suffered so much during the last two bad seasons. We had had two of the worst seasons almost that had been known in the history of the colony, and in the North particularly the farmers had had more than two bad seasons. Many of the selectors had been ruined absolutely, and others had been brought to the verge of ruin, and they all wished that the seasons had; been more prosperous for them, and that they had reaped at least average harvests. Although he deplo'red the very bad harvests which had been reaped, he .'quite agreed with the action of the Government in refusing to dip their hands into the public purse and give the farmers money to buy seed wheat. (Hear, hear.) He knew that there was a considerable amount of feeling shown in the matter, and that a large amount of pressure was brought to bear to make the Government give way, and he thought they deserved great praise for the stand they took, and for refusing to recognise the exceedingly vicious principle of putting their hands into the public purse for the purpose of assisting persons to carry on their usual operations. (Hear.hear.) Theposition of the fanners was this : Through two bad seasons they were not able to buy the necessary seed wheat to sow their land, and they asked the State to come forward and give them seed. If we had once admitted this principle we should never stop. The pastoral lessee who held land from the government might lose his stock through one or two bad seasons, and might with equal propriety come to the Government and ask for money to re stock his land. He could go on multiplying instances, and in any times of distress every class of the community would have the same cry— that they were in distress through no fault of their own, and that the Government must assist them. The principle would have been a most vicious one, and the thanks ol the House were due to the Government for the way in which they had acted. He did not agree with those who had expressed the opinion that the public should not have assisted the farmers, because he thought it was right when one class of the community was in distress for others to assist them out of their abundance ; and if the public were willing to assist the farmers he did not think they were doing wrong, but rather were deserving of every credit (Hear, hear.) In intro during the Bill the Commissioner of Crown Lands alluded to the fact that we bad received a larger amount than was expected for the com. pletion of purchases. The estimate was £250,000, and the actual receipts amounted to £362,527, or over £100,000 in excess of the estimate. If hon. members would recollect he had had to introduce a Land Bill last year, and he also had to refer to the land revenue ; and instead of looking favourably upon similar results hi connection with the receipts for completion of purchases, he deplored the fact that the amount was so large. The excess of the receipts over the estimate was due to the absolute misfortune of the people ; and instead of being able to look upon the fact that the revenue was a large one, and that they were pocketing the money as satisfactory, they had to deplore the fact that the selectors had had to borrow money to complete their purchases in consequence of the bad harvests. Although it was very satisfactory to feel that they had the money in their pockets, if they looked at the cause they would see that the misfortunes of the people had led to the large pay ments made to the State. (No, no.) He was sure he was right. He would look back to the year 1S79-SO, when the average yield was 0 bushels 17 lb. His estimate of the land revenue for that year was within £100 of the receipts. In 18S0-81, when the average was 4 bushels 5S lb., theyrealized nearly the amount estimated, and he deplored this because he knew the cause. A great mwy of the selectors had paid part of their purchase-money and had made large improvements, and their property was actually worth more than the amount owed to the Government They wanted money and they went to the money-lenders, who lent them more than they had to pay the Government, and they completed their purchases and carried on with the balance. (Hear, hear.) It was in consequence of their not reaping good crops that they had paid the Government, and instead of paying the Go vernment 4 per cent, they were now paying the money-lenders 7 per cent or more. He would take another year— 1SS1-2. The avsrage yield was 4 bushels 34 lb., and they found that the revenue was considerably in excess of the estimate because the distress was considerably in excess of what it had been in previous years. There was no doubt about this, ana he deplored the fact that it was the mis fortunes of the selectors that had caused the in crease in the revenue. He ventured to say that if the average yield last year had been a fair one the Government would not have realized anything like what they had. (The Commissioner of Crown Lands^-' A great deal more.') He agreed with the Commissioner of Crown Lands in what he had said about rain not following the plongh. In 1S68 settle ment had not extended beyond Goyder's line of rainfall except to a very small extent, and in the cases where it did extend be yond the settlers reaped good average crops. For a year or two they did very fairly, and in some instances the yield was in excess of what was reaped on the southern side of the line. The fanners used to say that the rain followed the plough, that as the land was ploughed up it ab sorbed the water which otherwise would have run off it, and that, as the evaporation was equalized, the rainfall increased. Althongh dubious on this point, although experience in California did not bear this out, as in 1S68 there was a famine in some of the agricultural lands, and the Valley of San Jose had to be abandoned, they had hoped against hope. There was no doubt that certain tracts of country around the world were subject to periodical droughts, and that they could not depend on rain following the plough. Befernng to Gojder's line ot rainfall, he said that, although the line laid down by Mr. Goyder was not in every^lnstance actually exact, 'for alT practical purposes it was quite correct. (Hear, hear.) In discussing this BUI they had to consider whether it was possible to deal with all the selectors at once — whether they could deal with those who had had such bad seasons in the North year after year, not two years only, on the same footing as they could deal with those in the South, who had not suffered to anything like the same extent (Hear, hear.) The Land Bill in main divided itself into three points. The first was that hon. members should consider the case of selectors south of the line of rainfall, who for the last two or three years had had a very poor return, and decide the amount of relief to be granted to them ; the second was to consider the case of those north of the line, who for a series of years had on the average not reaped more than half as much as selectors on the south of the line; and the third point was to consider this broad question, which had been thrust forward during the hist few years—' Can the country north of the line of rainfall be occupied profitably under the present land laws ; and if not, will hon. mem bers by increasing the area, by. decreasing the culti vation, by allowing commonage to be leased in blocks, and by foregoing the interest, help the land to be profitably settled?' With reference to selectors south of Goyder's line, he thought that with certain modifications the proposal of the Go vernment to remit the three years' interest where the crops had been below the avenge fairly met the case. Then there were those north of the line, whose case the Bill certainly did not meet, In order to arrive at a just conclusion in reference to them, he would compare the yield of several hundreds north and south of the line. It was not very easy to make these comparisons, as the agricul tural returns had been lumped together in such a way that for years pastthey had made no distinc tion between those north and those aonth of the line, and hadmixedtheminsucha way that parts of some of the hundreds given were within and some without the area of the lighter rainfall. First of all he would take the hundreds east of the Burra, namely, Slongolata, Baldina, and Bright, which were lumped together in the earlier returns. In making this comparison hon. members would find it useful to refer to the plan he laid on the table last year, which was the tirst one making the distinction between the lands on the two sides of Goyder's line. They would sea that the Hundred of Bright was halt within and half without the lighter rainfall area, and that a good slice of Baldina and a little bit of Mongolata were also outside. The average yield in thesa three hundreds was— In the harvest of 1877-8 6 bushels 14 lb. per acre ; 1878-9, 3 bushels ; 1879-80, 6-46 bushels. In 18S0-1 Mongolata's yield was 2-49 ; Baldina's, 2*49 ; andBright's (half of which was outside theline), 7'12. In 1881-2 Mongolata's average was 3'27 ; Baldina's, 2-31 : and Bright's, 5-3. The average fer the three hundred's for the five years was only 4 bushels 22 lb., or 21-53 for the term, leaving out Bright during the last two years, and averaging Mbngalata and Baldina for last year. On the south of the line,, in Apoinga, a very different tale was told. The yearly averages since 1877-S had been respec tively 9 bushels 19 lb., 8*42, 11-26, 87, and 7'14, or an average for the five years of 8 bushels 57 lb., as against 4 bushels 22 lb. in the three hundreds on the other side of the line. So much for the lands east of the Burra. He would now go to the lands north of Adelaide, and compare, a few hundreds there. The line of rainfall ran through Blackrocfc Plain, Pekina, and Booleroo in a curious manner, so as to prevent any one taking immediately adjoining hundreds for the comparison. He would take Walloway, as a hundred outside the line, although there was a comer of it within, and on the south of the line he would take Mannanarie. Taking the last three very bad seasons, the yield in the Hundred of Walloway had been— hi 1879-80, 8 busiels ; 18S0-1, l bushel 39 lb.; and in 1881-2, 1 bushel 23 II)., or an average of 3 bushels 40 lb. per acre. South of the line, in Mannanarie, the yield during the same years had been 10*37, 7 '7, and 6-56 per aero, or an average for the three years of 8 bushels 13 lb. per acre, as against 3 bushels 40 lb. per acre in the hundred north of the line. He would now compare some hundreds to the north-west of;Adelaide. He had selected Telowie, on the north of the line, and Appila, which imme diately adjoined it, on the south of the line. He could only get the separate returns for two years, and they snowed that in Telowie the return for the two years was an average of 2 bushels 50 lb. per acre, while in Appila the average f or^the same two years was 5 bushels 51 lb., or more than double that in the hundred north of Goyder's line. He would take two other hundreds— Baroota on the north of the line, and Yangyarra on the south. The respective average yields during [the last two years had been 2 bushels 9 lb. north of the line, and 5 bushels 32 lb. south of the line. These figures, therefore, justified the conclusion he had come to, namely, that selectors north of Goyder's line had not on the average reaped half as much as those on the south of the line, even in immediately adjoining hundreds. If hon. members would look at the map laid on the table by the Commissioner of Crown Lands they would see that the same remark applied to the counties north and south of the line. But the comparison there was a little more difficult, as the line cut through several of the counties. However, he would take five counties outside the line and compare them with three counties inside or to the south of it. The counties north of the line were as follows :— Herbert, average of 2 years, 3 bushels 311b.; Granville, do. 4 do., 2 bush. 47 lb. ; Newcastle, do. 4 de., 2 bush. 40 lb. ; Han son, do. 4 do., 3 bush. 22 lb. ; Blanchford, do. 1. do., .6 bush. 48 lb. ; Taunton, do. 2 do,, 1 bush. 14 lb. South of the line of rainfall the following result was seen :— Stan- ley, average of 4 years, 7 bush. 7 lb. ; Light, do. 4 do.,7bush. 251b.;Fergusson,do. 4 do., 6 bush. 231b. The average yield, therefore, in the connties was just the same as in the hundreds— at least double as great'south of the line as to the north of it (Hear, hear.) There was another aspect of the question which needed consideration — viz., the rainfall. Hon. members would see this dealt with fully in Mr. Todd's statistics on page 7 of Parliamentary Paper No. 178. These showed that while in Ade laide the average rainfall was 20 inches, in the Burra it was only 13*267, and in Kanyaka (between Quorn and Government Gums) it was over 13. But the mischief wa3 that the rainfall in the latter place during the summer months was greater than in Adelaide or the Burra, and it just came at a time when it was not nearly so useful to the farmer. In considering this question it would be well to see what had been done with persons who had taken up other ;than Crown lands, namely. University and Education lands, which existed both on the north and on the south of the line of rainfall. Was it not a fact that the year before last a Bill was brought forward for the express purpose of relieving those who had taken up Education lands in Wandearah and Pine, and had agreed to pay rents which ex perience had shown they could not pay £ What, too, had been done with the University lands in Wirreanda? If hon. members would look at the University report for the year 1881 they would find these words— 'The rent of the Wirreanda lands was paid for the first eighteen months of the terms of the leases. The last two seasons, however, have proved so unfavourable in that district that rent amounting to £2,841 2s. 6d. for the last three half years remains unpaid. The Council, desirous of ascertaining the real condition of the tenants of this property, appointed an Inspector to examine into and report specially on each holding ; and, having received a very full report, referred the same to a committee for consideration, and have adopted its recommendations, which are to remit a por tion of the arrears of rent, and reduce the future rentals to one-half the present rates.' If hon. members would look at the same report they would find how different it had been with the University lands in the Tatiara— how in fact when they had been forfeited they were resold and much higher prices were obtained for them. (Hear, hear.) He thought hon. members would agree with him that he had proved his second proposition, namely, that settlers north of Goyder's line required more consideration than their fellows to the south. He had very carefully looked at this subject in all its bearings, and had come to the conclusion that these points should be included in the new Land Bill :— 1. Those who had selected north of a line to be fixed— it need not be exactly Goyder's line of rainfall— should have more liberal concessions than those south of it; and 2. That a much larger area should be granted north, and the prices as regarded payment, cultivation, and improvements should be considerably modified. Then came the question— if more liberal terms were given would it not be necessary to follow tbe'example set by other colonies, and require the selectors to do more for themselves? In Victoria some liberal terms were given the selectors as to taking up land ; but almost directly the land was taken up Shire Councils were formed and an assessment was made, so that the selectors themselves paid for the cost of the roads, bridges, and crossings which were neces sary to enable them to get their wheat to a market. (Mr. Howe— 'They 're supplemented by the Govern ment') Certainly; but the fact was they were assessed immediately, while in this colony the Go vernment were in the habit of spending every penny they got from the hind on roads, bridges, wharfage accommodation, and other means of getting produce from the land on to shipboard. The profitable settle ment of the land was undoubtedly of more impor tance than the mere question of price obtained for it ; but he felt that if the Government charged these fanners less for the land they must at the same time throw upon the settlers the burden of their local improvements. (Hear, hear.) He was in favour of reducing the price of the land, and of making the interest part of the principal ; but it must De thoroughly understood that local works would be carried out by selectors themselves. He would make that a condition of reducing the price. He was glad this was a question taken out of the region of party politics, and personally he would do all he could to help the Government in any way possible. He had very carefully thought over the question, and without consulting with any other hon. member he had come to the conclusion that the principles be had named were those on which the land system of the colony would have to be altered. That the present Bill did not do this must be patent to every one, as it did not even make a distinction between land north and south of Goyder's line. He tried last session to introduce what he believed to be a necessary provision, namely, that the selectors should get more land for commonage purposes, as he felt that this country could only be occupied profitably by a minimum of cultivation and a maximum of grazing. (Hear, hear.) Even then he was not sure that it would be profit ably occupied. (The Hon. J. Can— 'Hear, hear.') But at any rate it was well to give the land a trial. (Hear, hear.) It was a matter for regret that the various attempts to settle the interior of these colonies had met with so little success. In New South Wales the land legislation had been defeated ; in Victoria dummyism had been the order of the day ; and here he was convinced that unless more liberal terms were given north of Goyder's line the country would revert to the Government or go into the hands of a few people. He therefore asked the Government to do one of two things — either withdraw the Bill and bring in a new one to meet the cases he had pointed out better than the present measure did, or else bring down such clauses as would carry out the same object, and have them inserted in Committee. It would be much better to withdraw the Bill, as manufacturing new Bills in Committee was not generally a success. (Hear, hear.) The Government could withdraw without loss of dignity, and he cer tainly hoped they would do so. He had purposely avoided saying anything about the number of acres to be held or the prices io be paid under the more liberal system. These were matters of detail, and if once the principles were admitted the Govern ment could bring down such proposals hi detail as they thought best, and they would be fairly discussed and settled by the House. (Hear, hear.) He now purposed to say a word or two as to the details of the present Bill, as it affected the existing law. It provided, from clauses 1 to 6, that a selector might surrender his agreement before February of next year, and he would be able to select again, and would be credited with any sum he might already have paid as part purchase-money, and the improvements on the land he had surrendered would be counted as improvements on his new selection. Well, he was rather dubious about that He did not think many people would take advantage of that provision; but although it might open the door to a little wrongdoing, still, as he did not think it would do a great deal of harm he would not oppose it He Knew that there were cases where men bad taken up land entirely unfitted for ~ cultivation, who had actually tried their 'best to make their selections profitable, but were now in great difficulties, and to such people some such con cession might with justice be made. Then the BUI provided that a selector might surrender his agree ment, and have the same offered at auction, with the value of the improvements added, to be allowed to bid again for the land, and if outbid the pur chaser was to pay down half of the value of the improvements, that sum havine to be given to the original holder. Although he agreed with the principle of that clause, he thought the Government had not been sufficiently liberal. The provision ought to be limited to the land north of Goyder's line of rainfall, because the people south of that line had not been deceived like some of ttie people north of it with regard to the climate. The selectors south of that line ??'?ild not plead as could those north of it that they hid been misled by the appearance that that line of rainfall seemed to go back as the land was opened up. - He thought that people who had selected and given high prices for land, and who had made considerable improve ments, should be given the full value of their im provements if they wished to surrender their agree ments and if they failed to become the purchaser. The Government in this matter were pursuing a less liberal policy than their predecessors. (Oh.) When ha was in office cases had been brought und*r his notice wlere a selector having practically be come insolvent wished to surrender his holding. The creditors, finding this out, came to him and pointed out that it wns'thefr money that: had placed the improvements upon th? land, en quiring at ' the same time 'what' they were to do. He had in ? such Cases, although not acting strictly legally, when ? the. land was put up, taken the value of the whole of tne improve ments, and given the same for the creditors. The man should nave the whole of the value of his im provements given him, because it should be re membered that the Commissioner had always the right to define the upset price of the property. The position he wished to place before the House was that under the clause in the Bill if a man had im pioved his land to the value of £3,000, as had hap pened, the person who was bidding against the selector would have the advantage oi £1,500 worth of improvements for which he would not have to pay anything, and the selector would have to go on bidding in order to get his money back. Thus the man's improvements would be the means of defeat ing him in the auction-room. The eighth clause provided that the selectors whose crop-* had been less than six bushels per acre for the last three years were to have one year's interest remitted, those who had had less than five bushels were to be allowed two years' interest, and those who had had less than four bushels should have the consideration of three years' interest granted to them. Although that provision might in principle seem very fair, still in practice even this side oi Goyder's rainfall it would work badly. The person who had only scratched his soil with a mise rable scarifier, or bad only harrowed the seed in at a cost of about 2s. per acre, would be benefited by the clause ; but the selector who had properly culti vated the land at a cost of 10s. per acre would not be able to take advantage of it. That would result from the fact that the slovenly mode of farming, of harrowing the seed in, would give small averages, while the farmer who carried on his operations in a proper manner would, through his care, probably just get a yield over the average, and so receive no advantage at all. . The man who ought to be con sidered would thus be placed in the worse position, although he might have got into debt in order to carefully cultivate his land. He thought something oucht to bo done in the matter ; but hon, members would see the difficulties surrounding the solution of the question, and he hoped they would try to solve it, so as to deal out justice to the deserving farmer and not to place the undeserving selector in a position to receive benefits from the State which be ought not to get Then clause 9 provided that durinc the first year one-twentieth of the area should be ploughed and be under cultivation, as against one-tenth as set forth in the present law. His remarks on that provision would allude to those south of Goyder's line ol rainfall, and he said at once that it was a mistake to reduce the area of cultivation there. This reduction reduced the acreage to be cultivated one-half whatit wasnow, and it was to be given because people had taken up land which was quite unfit for cultivation. That excuse would not hold good, because the selectors ought not to have taken up such land. They had evi dently misunderstood the intention of Parliament in passing the Act. It was always impressed upon the selectors, when he was in office, that it was intended under the Act that people should take up bind for cultivation, and if they selected land unfit for cultivation that was their look-out. He impres sed upon them that the policy of the colony was that a Quantity of land was thrown open for selec tion, and it could be taken up for cultivation under the credit system for a penod of two years. After that it would be sold without any conditions what ever, and if lands not fit for cultivation were taken up, then the selectors had broken the spirit of the law and ought not to be considered. It was the invariable rule to forfeit selections of that kind, and therefore he thought it was a grave mistake to make such a reduction as proposed by the clause. The Commissioner's argument on that point, if carried out, simply meant that they would do away with cultivation altogether. (The Commis sioner of Crown Lands—' We agree to do that in Bome cases.'') Ihe land in the South-East was as a rule fitted for grasses, and he was willing, if the Commissioner would make a special provision to apply to places where dairy- fanning could be carried on, to go with him, but he could not support the clause in the Bill if it were to apply to the whole of the colony. The tenth clause gave the Commis sioner power to remit the cultivation and residence conditions in certain cases, if the holding were unsuitable. That meant practically taking up land that was unfit for cultivation, and giving power to the Commissioner to remit the whole of the cultivation clauses. He had no hesitation in saying that if such a thing were allowed by the Legislature all the land in the South-East worth £1 per acre that was put up in the market would be taken up in ;. few years, but there would be no resident population upon it. Such land was only fit for grazing pur poses, and it was well worth £1 per acre if it were put to that use. (The Commissioner of Crown Lands —'What was the result of your operations there 7') He admitted that they had been most unfortunate, but they would have been much worse without the cultivation clause. Under Strangways's Act, in the one Hundred of Narracoorte, there really were only two selectors. In the Hundreds of Bmnum and Joyce now the selectors were selling out to the squatters. The Hundred of Joyce was thrown open by him. and, althongh he believed that the selectors originally were bona fide in then: Intentions, still bad seasons had thrown them behind, and he was 3orry to say that now they were disposing of their Holdings to one gentleman there. The increase in the area required lor cultivation under the scrub lands leases had been asked for by the Farmers' Association, and he did not see any objection to the clause dealing with the matter, as it really made the law more stringent than it was at the present time. Then the scrub kinds leases were to be granted without first having been offered at auction. He did not know that there was much objection to such a course being pursued, and therefore he had no objection to it He quite agreed with the next clause, which allowed a selector who had trans ferred bis agreement to select at the end of three years, as against five years as at present, because it would meet cases where hardship had been done to the selectors by existing laws. He considered that clauses 14, 15, and. lft were very dangerous. They were to provide that a Special Magistrate and Justices of the Peace could decide whether a man had committed a breaeh of his agreement He contended that it would be unwise to adopt such a principle, because if such a pro cedure were put in force in a certain part of the colony they would not have the result that was desired. At the present time the Commissioner could forfeit the agreement if he thought the evi. dence justified his doing so. If he was in doubt, and wanted a full enquiry held into the case be caused a Special Magistrate and two Jus tices to meet, who had to hear the charge of dummyism brought against the selector, and the evidence was afterwards transmitted to the Commissioner, who decided what course he should take. Under the present law the Conit he had mentioned was not only to take evi dence, but was to give a decision. He did not wish to refer to any particular portion of the colony, but there were parts in it where dummyism was not looked upon as being disgraceful, and in those parts Justices might be found who took the lenient view of the evil, although of course there were others who would think differently. The cases in the past bad never been tried upon the mere technical point whether a breach of the agreement had been com mitted, because he had bo hesitation in saying that nearly half of the selectors holding land up to the end of the third year could be turned out of their selections through not having complied with the conditions of their agreements. Therefore, if the selectors were judged according to the strict letter of the law, more than half the selec tions in the colony would be forfeited ; but the judging of the different Commissioners had been based on the fair equity of the case,, and not as to whether there had been any technical breaches of agreements. If hon. members looked at those cases brou£bt prominently before the House last session by Mr. Henning, hi which a man named Forster and others were concerned, they would notice that there was no absolute proof of a breach of conditions, but only exceedingly suspicious circumstances pointing to one, which was no absolute proof to his mind. A legal mind would never admit the proof, and the hon. member, for Encounter Boy (Mr. Downer) argued most strongly that he bad made a great mistake in forfeiting the selections. (Mr. Downer— '(I did not say so.*) He believed he bad made no mistake, and did what he thought was right, though he saw the flaw which Mr. Downer saw, that there was no absolute proof of a breach of conditions. The consequence would be in face of this ^difficulty ;of proof they would never be able to get convictions of dummies, and in only a very few cases in which dummied land had been forfeited in the past could the two Magistrates be got to recognise absolute proof. There were only suspicious circumstances to go to satisfy the Commissioner vfor the time being of dummyism; and now that power wonld practically be taken away by the present Bill and two Magistrates left to decide, the result of which he was quite certain would be in the long [run not much of a check to dummyism, but rather the reverse. If the Commissioner's time was not so much, taken up he could understand this alteration, but when the Commissioner had undertaken the task of looking into every case that came before him for relief it was plain he was not overworked. The legal delays in dummy cases should be made short, and the people accused know their fate as early as possible ; out let not the law be altered which had worked well in the past. (Hear, hear.) He would not trouble the House any further,, bat in conclusion would express the hope thai next season the harvest would be a good one. (Hear, hear.) That would do more good than any legisla tion at present, but hi effeiting future legis lation Parliament might be able to do a greater amount of good by more liberal land laws than perhaps hon. members would credit He was quite sure that a3 a body they were willing to do what they thought best in the general interests of the colony in this matter, and was confident that although he could not expect them to see eye-to-eye with him, they had approached the subject from a sincere desire to see if they could not get something likeapermanent resident population in the more arid part3 of the colony. (Hear, hear.) The provisions he had suggested would, he believed, if made law, carry out tna intention of the Bill, and he trusted that the Government would agree with the prin ciples he had enunciated, and bring in a Bill to make them tow. (Hear, hear) Mr. HENNING said that he would not take up much time. He had been told that what he might have to say about the Bill would not carry much weight in the House, but why that should be so he did not know, seeing that lie knew a good deal about the country and the rainfall : and as the Honse always gave attention to those who spoke on subjects of which they had a special knowledge, he claimed the same privilege, unles3 it could be shown that he had wilfully misstated facts. (Hear, hear.) Last session the country was congratulated upon the splendid rainfall and the prospect of a fine harveet and it was hU misfortune to have to state his belief then that the time for good average harvests had gone by in South Australia, because the farmers had gone into such dangerous country that thetrpoor crops brought the average down to something yory small indeed. Tfc-- year the same congratulations had been expressed, and h-» re gretted exceedingly to have to repeat his previous remark. He stated last year thaf a huge blunder had been committed in allowing the selectors to go up north on land not worth the money they un dertook to pay for It. In fact it was not worth more than 5s. an acre, arid although Mr. Bounsevell com batted the idea at the time, the farmers had acknow ledged that it was true. (Mr. BiounsevoU— ' They did not do anything of the sort.' Mr. Howe ? 'Quite the reverse.'! Mr. Orchard, whose name had been already referred to, had publicly stated that the farmers did. not get sufficient from the land topay the working expenses. (Mr. Rounsevell— 'They are sticking to the land.') Although he had been told he took a gloomy view of matters in South Aus tralia, whether it was gloomy or not the bulk of the country was poor and miserable from having such a scanty rainfall. He spoke from his own ex perience and that of hundreds of others-, and the longer the land was occupied the more dangerous and treacherous it was found to be. He was sur prised at the spaech delivered by Mr. Playford, and it was quite wonderful to compare it with his speeches of some years ago, to which he would take another opportunity of referring. In order to ascer tain whether the Bill would attain the objects set forth by the Commissioner of Crown Lands, it would be advisable to take a short glance at what the difficulties were in the North, and whether they were likely to be permanent, and also at the class, of selectors occupying the land.- When the people undertook to pay a mgh price for their selections everybody said it was impossible that they knew anything about the country, that they would never pay for it, and that a severe punishment was in store for them ; but in spite of all warning from the original occupiers of the landr-(Mr. Eonnsevell— 'Hear, hear')— and in . spite of the Surveyor General's warning that the rainfall could not be dev pended upon, they persisted in going on the country. When they contended they were making a good bargain they said that they must have certain facilities for bringing their produce to- market ; and although he knew their calculations were faulty he consistently supported the expenditure of money for the development of the country. Now, after a few years, these people had paid scarcely anything for their land, the bulk of them only about 10 per cent ; and now alter millions had been paid on public works for their advantage beyond what they undertook to pay the State, they came forward and said, ' We cannot pay, and you must give us more concessions,' which meant the taxation of other interests to meet the claims of the colony in respect of money borrowed for their advantage. Some selectors had pointed out that they had only had two or threebad seasons, and that a cycle of good years was coining round. He denied this as a matter of fact, and bad seasons lasted over seven or eight ^ears . with no prospect of a change. The history of the country showed that for every one good season, or perhaps two, there were seven or eight bad ones. Other selectors would say that they had good crops from these northern lands, and so they might on the selections immediately adjoining those within the line of Goyder's rainfall and along the Flinders Banga, where the rainfall was regular, as at Beautiful Valley, for instance ; but beyond theline of rainfall the crops entirely failed owing to the absence of rain. The following letter bad been received by him from a bona-flde selector who had been in the North for five years, anil, being a German, he was therefore reliable. (Laughter.) 'That farming in the North is not a profitable undertaking at present cannot be disputed. Goyder's ghost seems to hover about, if we are to judge by the result of the last two seasons. I have had some experience myself, and the result was as follows : — I took up a section of hind in March, 1879, and put 14 acres in crop the same season, which averaged 2i bushels ; in 18S0 1 had 55 acres, yielding 3 bshls. 40 lb.; and this year I had 96 acres, which grew about ten inches high and got blighted before it was out in ear. This disheartenedf me so that I sold my selection, at a low figure of course, and it is my in tention to leave the colony and go to fresh fields and pastures new. This is the result of liberal land laws,, and the more *he ame are extended the more people will speculate, and the sooner the Government stop selling land outside Goyder's rainfall line the better. I have seen five seasons north of it, and every year, about August, the wheat was in a dying condition, and if rain at such a time fails the crops will fail. I was told that it would be so before I selected ; but, like so many others, I thought that rain follows the plough, and I paid dear for my folly. Some say that cultivation de stroys the natural grass and herbage, and others say the contrary. Both are right and wrong at the same time, for I have noticed that the best grass will die out if the soil gets turned over, while some kinds, chiefly barley grass and a sort of native oats, will grow to such an extent as to kill wheat. I am inclined to think that this part of the country is not suited for agricultur', and if it is to retrograde and / come, back into squatters' hands again, then they/ would be better left in possession now— at all events until it is proved thac wheat can be grown with profit. The land in this hundred has not been sold so high as Baroota or Telowie, but it takes some thing far better than we have- had so far to enable selectors to pay for it. This year's average will be less than two bushels.— Friedricii- Kuttler. Winninowie, December 19.' That was a most temperate letter written after five years of attempted cultivation. Other persons took the view that had they not bad hot winds and locusts they would have done fairly well. It was astonishing that these poor hard-working people were so slow to learn that hot winds and locusts were not an exceptional but a regular thing in those northern districts, and that, though they were sometimes a little later than usual, they nearly always came every year. He had known that country for twenty years, and in seasons when the grass looked splendid, as it did sometimes in exceptionally good years, he had known it cut down and destroyed at once by the locusts. If the capital of the farmers would not stand two or three bad seasons they had certainly better not go on to those lands beyond Goyder's line of rainfall. On_ this point the Register in a leading article made use of these practical words: — 'The general conclusion to be deduced from this local comparison is that in South Australia as we advance northwards we find agriculture becomes more and more precarious. The agricultural statis tics give additional emphasis to the statement, so often insisted upon, that the future development of the industry requires that the southern districts should be more fully developed as compared with the North than they have been during the past few years. Grand harvests may possibly fall to the lot of the northern farmer. But, on the other hand, he must be prepared to stand reverses suoh as he has had during the hist two seasons, without being reduced to poverty. In other words, he must be a capitalist. Unfortunately, it is much to be feared that many of the northern farmers had very. slender resources to begin with, and hence the distress which has undoubtedly largely prevailed in those districts. Some of the northern plains may look temptingly like what is called in America 'poor man's land,' and may promise quick returns for little outlay. But the precarious nature of their yields must now remove them completely from the category, as many of the fanners have lately found to their cost.' He quite agreed with the Register's remarks on this point, and he would now ask hon. members to look at what had been the actual results of settlement in the Hundred of Carr —that monument' of folly of the. Hon. J. Carr's Crown Lands administration. The hundred was surveyed in 1876, and the first cultivation took place in 1878, when the returns were nil. In 1879 the result of the harvest was 23 lb. per acre. (The Hon. J. Carr—' On how many acres 7') He did not know ; he would ^eave the hon.; member himself to tell the House the area under cultivation. In 1880 the average yield was 50 1b. per acre, and in 1881 it was 2 bushels 17 lb. per acre,' making an average for the four years of 371 lb. per acre ! And yet the land in that hundred, as lie knew from actual observation, was equal to any in the colony. The rainfall, too, at Blinman, in the Hundred of Carr, was more than in some of the other country north of Goyder's line— and if the result of good soil and a better or an ordinary rainfall was 37J lb. per acre in the Hundred of Carr, what could be expected of worse bind beyond Goyder's line? (Mr. Dixon— ' If it increases in the same ratio as last year it will soon be 20 bushfls an acre.') He. would like to see the hon. member take up land there, and try and cultivate ; he would probably soon find a difficulty in paying his creditors Some- selectors desired the Government to advance money on the improvements made on their selections. He was astounded that Mr. Howe should, at a deputation on the subject, say that selection in that part of the colony had im proved the country. (Mr. Howe—' So it has.') He denied it altogether. The hon. member had lived a long time in the North, bnt he must have closed his eyes if he had not seen how'the natural herbage north of Goyder's line had been destroyed and nothing had grown in its place. In point of fact, a great injury had been done to- the colony, which would suffer for it now and hereafter. (The Hon. G. C. Hawker— ''Hear, hear.') A few months ago he visited some of the saltbush country, and his travels took him through Baroota,. Win ninowie, and Woolundunga, and he could, say that in his opinion a great injury had been done to the country by the futile attempt at fanning and by the destruction of the natural herbage. H« saw Mr. Orchard, whose name had been mentioned, and who had taken np land for which he had agreed to pay £0 an. acre, in addition to clearing it and erecting improvements on it,, which must have cost him about £3,000. This was one of the few cases where really substantial- improve ments had been carried out, and yet it would have been better for the colonyand for Mr. Orchard him. self if he had cast his money, into the Gulf: instead, of spending it on the land there and thus de stroying the native bushes, which were ; the only possible means of supportfor stock in that.country. He asked Mr. Orchard what possible relief he could, expect any Government measure to be, andithe reply, was Mr. Orchard could think of nothing,, and that he admitted the serious blunder he had' made in taking up the land. Did' the Commissioner really mean to say that the concessions granted in. the. Bill would do Mr. Orchard any good?. (Hon. J. Carr— 'Mr. Orchard says so.') Then itonlyshowed be would be satisfied with little; and. he was as capable of bearing a loss as any bon. member of the. House. But why should the whole colony bataxed simply to make a present of a few hundred pounds to Mr. Orchard ? Whan he went throueh those once beautiful saltbush plains, and saw how they had been destroyed for the Bake of trying to grow wheats, he felt that a crime had been committed against the rising generation in this colony. Grass mieht come there again where the plough had been, but the saitbush never would. (The Hon. G. C. Hawker— ' Hear, hear.') He would tell Mr. Howe what the.resnlt of his pro posed concessioa would be. There would be a rush to the Commissioner or the Treasurer to get back all the money possible, and the recipients would then turn rouna and say, 'Thank you, Mr. Commis sioner ; we never expected to get s penny out of that' land again. We will now. say goodby to it.' (Laughter, and 'Hear, bear.'). He had a good knowledge of the country, and he would tell the House that if 500 square miles of it, without the natural herbage, were offered to. him ready fenced, and with, proper facilities tor watering stock, on the condition that he kept stock on it for the space of ten years, he would set accept it And for this reason— that without the natural herbage— the salt bush and the cotton-bush — it would be practically useless. (Hon. G. C. Hawker— ' Hear, hear.') The hon. member had said that population was wealth. It undoubtedly was, as every schoolboy k»ew, where the people were decently off; but where they were paupers it was by no means an advantage. A great deal had been said about im proving the climate by tree-planting, and Dr. bchomburgk was among those who advocated forest reserves on this account. It might do so, and he believed did do so, near the coast, but not in the interior. Let hon. members look at the country from Wilpena to Mount Searle— 150 mile3, say, by, 40 miles wide. It was a splendidly timbered country, and yet there was no rainfall there. (Mr. Boanse vell— 'There's no timber except in the creeks.') There might be no gums, perhaps, but there were pinetrees and lighter timber U such, abundance that they had become; almost a nuisance. The cry now was, 'Give hs abettor water supply and we shall be all right' But the fact was it was rain, and not mere dams and*wells, which was wanted. (Hear, bear.) At the most the Government could only put one aam in a hundred, and the stock would still need to be. taken a long distance to water. Although he thought the farmers were principally to blame for having taken up this dry country with their eyes open, it was quite true they had had injudicious friends In that House. He was sorry the hon. member for East Torrens, Mr. Smith, was not in his place, because he wanted to call attention to what that hon. gentleman had said at a farmers' relief meeting. The hon. member there said something to the effect that although the fanners in these far northern lands were poor, there was hope for them, because the sqnatters used to be poor, some of them, and now they wore millionaires. Since the words were uttered, Mr. Smith had had a glimpse at the country, and he did not think he was fikely to repeat such a statement If the remark had been made by an hon. member such as Mr. Ward, who cared no more for millions than other members cared for hundreds, he would not have noticed it, bnt coming as it did from an hon. member whose position was such as that of Mr. Smith, the Mayor! of Adelaide and the member for East Torrens, he felt bound to contradict it, and to tell the hon. member he would be utterly at a loss to name ono man who had mado atnUHon on this saltbush country. It was very amusing to watch the meetings of the farmers and see how they tried to lay the blame on that House. At a recent meeting of the Farmers' Associa tion at Gladstone a letter was ? wi-l from W. WHson, Maitland Branch, 'callingthe attention of the committee to the fact that wheat is being im ported from different parts. of the world to the detriment of our farmers, and asking, if the com mittee could take any steps to prevent it, and, if so, whatr and the reply was as follow.— 'To be in formed that the committee could take ? no step3 in the matter of the importation of wheat, but that if we' could set liberal laud laws we could keep out foreign supplies with our own wheat.' It was a pity Ihe Fanners' Association Committee did not lake the trouble to indicate in what shape they would like the land laws liberalized. It seemed to him the more they were liberalized the less per acre was reaped. (Hear, hear.) ? He would now briefly fiance at the several classes of ; selectors in the iorthjand he spoke with a fair knowledge of the men. The first clas3 consisted of bona-flde, but poor ignorant people, who went there solely because the Government surveyed the land, and having no knowledge of Goyder's line of rainfall. ? He pitied such. (Mr. Howe— 'They don't want pity j they want help.') But their number was- few. Another class consisted of those who knew of Goyder's line and the scanty rainfall beyond, but were too lazy to go to the Government offices and ascertain the exact position of the land. He could illustrate this class by referringio Mr. Hoctor, whose name had been mentioned. He was an intelligent, educated gentleman, who, at a deputation, had stated that he had selected land beyond the line, although he knew there was such a line. Such people deserved little sympathy ; but they, again, were a Email class. Another class, considerably larger, consisted of those who took up their 1,000 acres in the names of their daughters, sons, nephews, cousins, and aunts, because they had heard of millions made on these lands, and because they were anxious to acquire sufficient land to carry on sheepfarming on a small scale. They had found out their mistake, and they werenowanxious to gain the concessions provided in this Bill. The Commissioner could, if he liked, put hij finger on these people, who had kept the cultivation clauses by merely scratch ing the ground and putting in a few handfuls of wlieat. To show that this was the case he would read the testimony of the Adte rtiser special reporter, who went through the district recently, and whosaid : — ' On one occasion whilst in the Northern Areas I had a conversation with a friend who happened to speak of the kind of ploughing that was done by one of his neighbours, and he said that it reminded him of the ' scratching that would be done by a hen in search of food for her chicts.1 A few days after wards I was passing by the place referred to when I saw the ploughing, and, indeed, it was very little better *han it had been described. It was not two inches deep in the deepestplace, whilst in some parts there was only a mark to indicate that something had been dragged over the ground. Land ploughed in this manner would not yield a good crop in the best of seasons, except by a miracle, and the plough ing that I am alluding to was not done on stubble land, but on green land that had never been ploughed before, and was really intended as fallow. But, unfortunately, the man who did the work was not the only one in that neighbourhood who did bad ploughing, for there were many others who were guilty of the same mistake, though his plough ing was certainly the worst in that hundred. I have gone over many of the hundreds in- the North at different times, and I have noticed in nearly all of them a great lot of ploughing nearly as bad as that described above. It could not be pretended that persons ploughing land in the way described by this independent witness were bona-fide agricultural selectors, and yet, unfortunately, they would be included in the benefits songht in this Bill. The fourth class, and the most numerons, wera not farmers, but mere speculators, who, having formerly selected south of Goyder's line and sold out at a cood profit had ex pected to do the same thing north of Goyder's line. (Hear, hear.) These men had now_ found out their mistake, and they had joined in the cry for concessions. In confirmation of his statement he need only refer hon. members to the reports of the special correspondent of the Register, where they would find stated over and over that many of the selectors were men who had held selections south of Goyder's line of rainfall. That was the testimony of an independent gentleman, and those men who had as yet paid practically nothing were crying out for relief. Those were tho men who were hoping fora chance season, when they would have an op portunity of selling out and making a good profit. He was ashamed at the want of self-reliance shown by our farmers. In tho old days the settlers paid the full amount of the purchase- money for their land, they sank their own wells, and made their own roads; but now if a well was to be sunk or a small five-feet cutting to be made, the selectors immediately formed a deputation and asked the Government to do the work. The pioneers also did not fly about the country with buggies and pairs, and did not support two or three palatial hotels in one township, out worked hard and made both ends meet. Hon. members would recollect that' before the Farmers' Belief Fund was started in Adelaide one was begun at Gladstone. The result of the appeal made was that £400 was subscribed, and he believed that amount in cluded a large sum given by storekeapers, medical men, and others, as -well as by some of the Adelaide firms. He would like to read to the House an extract from a report of a meeting of the Gladstone Branch of the Farmers' Association as follows :— 'The Vice-President (Mr. W. Coe) pre sided. In reply to- questions, the Secretary said — (1.) The full , amount of subscriptions by this branch in- aid of the distressed farmers, was £4 10s., £2 of which was raised at the previous meeting and forwarded 'to the General Secretary.' He had never come across the names of the liberal donors- of this £4 10s., therefore he could not say who^they were. His argument was that if these people south of Goyder's line who hsid had a poor harvest' bad not known that the dis tressed selectors were acquainted with the fact that their land was unfit for cultivation, or had not known that they were speculators, they would have subscribed more money to the fund. He was sorry to say that he would have to oppose the second reading of the' Bill, and he the more regretted to have to do so because his hearty sympathy was with the bona-fide selector, whom he would always be ready to help.inthe.time of distress. He objected to the Bill on the grounds that it indnded a large number of cases not deserving of any consideration, that it excluded a number of cases which ought to be included in it, and that it would give no substantial relief to enable the fanners to carry on their operations. Taking the last point, he believed, although the money likely to be lost to tho State if they agreed to this measure would in the aggregate amount to a very large sum, still indi vidually, it would bo veTy small. Thefarmers asked for bread and they gave them a stone. (Laughter.) Correspondence had appeared over and over again, stating that the selectors were heavily in debt, and he would ask would the few paltry pounds proposed by the Commissioner to be allowed them afford the relief they wanted?. Then the BUI excluded those people mentioned by the Commissioner himself— men who had been obliged to borrow money at. a heavy rate of interest to enable them to carry on their operations. They were one of the most de serving classes of .the lot. (Mr. Ward— ' Who 7') If the hon. member did not listen he could not repeat his speech for his sake. The Bill next included a large number of fanners who had selected south as well as north of Goyder's line of rainfall, or in choice-spots of.thot colony. These people had had. the pick of the land, and because they had had one or two bad seasons the general taxpayer was to have.to give them so many pounds. That 'was the very class who .did not deserve any relief. It had amused him highly to see how the matter had been worked up, Tna farmers south of the line of rain fall wished to say that there was no such line, because they asked to come within the provisions of such a Bill as this. (Laughter.) Then the measure included. a i large- number of persons who did not. intend to carry on farming operations in a bona-flde manner;, but who wished to obtain the land for pastoral purposes. He would read an extract from-, a letter signed ' A Scotch Fanner' dealing with the subject'.:— 'The concession will also benefit a large nnmlier of sheepfarmers who have selected Jandi. and merely cultivate their selections until they are allowed by the Act to purchasa. Their averages are generally low, and no wonder ; an acre.or two ploughed round the fences, the centre beins harrowed in, will not produce much. of. a crop?' Then the Bill gave the same concessions whether a farmer cultivated 25, 500, or 5,000 acre3. He could.not see why the man who only cultivated 25 acres aheald have concessions at the same rate as thaman who tilled 500 acres. (The Commissioner of Crown. Lands—' He spends as much of his -money in proportion as the man who cultivates 300 acres.') Then the Bill, if carried, would only bo a prelimi nary Bill for annual measures, having the same ob* jeot He would have no objection to them, but what about the enormous amount ol loan money spent, in those districts 7 If substantial concessions were 'to be gives to the fanners in those districts, then the expenditure of loan money mast be stopped, because ? it wonld be unfair to ksap up an industry which they did not believe in. He would say to those who had selected north of Goyder's line, 'I will give you the hind on the condition that you construct your own public works.' By. all means let them, have the land, but the Stated should not spend hundred^ of thousands on works .which would' not be wanted in a few years. ThenJt.might be argued that they should give the concassions because the State would, never get any money, frpm the people. Then, he repeated, let evaryttung be written, off; and stop the expenditure on public works. Those people who had paid only the 10 per cent, were the very ones who cried out most fci- assistantd He would instaace a deputation whk-b' waited on the Commissioner of Public Wctk3 recentlv,. the report of which said :— ' The, other mom bers of the., deputation urged their claiits on the Government, saying that at a depth of sixteen feet a good supply of water) could be ob tained, and in fact if the Governiaent wonld chin out a couple of wells the supply weuld be sufficient.' (Hear, hear.)' Probably hall tna cost or tbedtputa tion would have cleaned out the wells. (IWr, hear.) Xben cacje the question of. detenoiajnj; the average- of. the wheat crops. 1!he special reporter of the Renittet, sent out some years ago to collert. infpnsation on this very point, said that it was a most dlfncaI6 matter to ascer tain each selectors yieii and someUmw a fatfjar even, kept the knowledge from his wife and chddren.. They were keeping back the informa tion to gst three years' concessions. Speaking en the trtums for 1831-2 tb« RtrfisUr stated— 'The official agricultural statistics showing the re,forn of wheat cropped during the past two seasons are, of course, most disappointing. In the first place, they are unusually late in making theij appearance, and the acting Government Statist cannot plead that the delay is due to any econoirjcal arrangement such as in 1831 was effected by- tho collecting of thoagricultural statistics is connection with the censm returns. In the second placs, there isgoodreaso-,fpr suspecting that the flgiwes given are in nwsj re?pecU erroneous, and tipagh 'se cannot go 50 far as to re-echo the opinioa of one of our correspondents, who supplied us nith an eati matei* Mi).rch, that ' the Governme** statistics this year will not be worth the paper they are printed on,* yet it is Impossible to avoM feeling that their TOlae is considerably less th&a; that ol many of th-&pred.e;$ei§g.r*.' The£«^^*igajtore/exre-ltotha matter to the following terns ?— ' It seems probabla that throughout the colony, and particularly in most of tho drier districts, there was a strong disposJupn to take a gloomy view of the past harvest, and tnw tendency may have been intensified by the know ledge that the Government were about to base their concessions to distressed settlers upon the average yield of wlieat for the past two or three seasons, without supposing that the farmers have inten tionally deceived, itis not inconceivable that in those cases in which the yield was calculated while the wheat was lying in heaps the figures given were onder rather than over the mark. The subject is of imjwrtance in view of tho concessions provided for in the Land Bill There needs, in short, to bo some trustworthy means of estimating the average of each selector who may put in a claim to concessions. That the last harvest was not a gojd ono must be patent to everybody ; but it is a groat pity that it should bo made to appear worse than it really was, since Buch a practice cannot in the long run be bene ficial either to the farmers or to the wheat-buyer.' He believed all the selectors who were still in the hands of the Government would rush to them and claim the concessions granted by the Bill, and this point was a' very weak feature in it, and one of the very reasons he would not support it. It was altogether bad in principle He presumed the Government intendeu to give those concessions to all selectors in their hands who had suffered from drought, too much water, or fire amongst their crops.because there ought to be no distinction. (Mr. Ward— 'Tho one was natural, the other acci dental.') All should be treated alike for past, van fortune, and future. (Hear, hear.) He s&w; that the selectors at Lucindale had in a publio meeting claimed concessions equally with those in tho North, because for the last two years their crops had been lost through an inundation. If there was to be any plundering, why should not all share alike 1 (Laughter.) He was asto nished to see the change which had come over the Commissioner of Crown Lands aineo last year, when the hon. gentleman strongly oppoied his proposition to do away with the cultivation clauses in some parts of the South-East. Now he brought in a Bill to reduce them to one-half. And In some cases altogether. Tho South-East enjoyed a good climate and therefore to relax the cultivation clauses there was only the right thing to do, because if wheat growing were not a desirable occupation, dairying, sheepfarming on a small scale, and other industries could be followed ; but in the North, where thU cculd not bo done, no good would result from doing away with the clauses. Mr. John White, of Quorn, writing on this snbject, said :— ' It is all very well to talk of relaxing the cultivation clauses, but bear in mind if they are done away with, altogether it would not confer a single fraction of benefit to any of those who signed the memorial for two or three years at least. For this reason: We havo grubbed and ploughed and got as much land ready for wheat as ever we could, and some of us have incurred liabilities for that very purpose ; and another reason is all the natural herbage is de stroyed, so that it is of no use for , stock until the land is left out for a year or two.' As to this destruction of herbago, he believed spear puss would not prow acain on ploughed land in less than ten years, and to destroy the natural herbage was doing away with all the benefit of tho concessions. (Hear, hear.) Supposing tho land from Goyder's line of rainfall to Beltana were never broken, and taking a cycle of years, he challenged contradiction when he stated that the land would not carry more than fifty sheep to the squire mile. (Mr. Ward—' What aboutwheat?') It wasacknow. ledfjed wheat-growing had been a failure. (Mr. Ward— 'It is a libel on the country to say so.') He repeated his statement, and now, sup posing the sheep on the land were all bin-crown wethers, each square mile of country would give one bale of wool, which, considering the quality likely to be grown by small selectors, would be worth about £10 in the home market. After de ducting all expenses connected with sending it to market, each bale would be worth £7 10s.. without making any provision for the growers' keep and other incidental expenses. How many miles of country, therefore, would it take for a man to mako a living out of by woolgrowinc, and yet this would be the result of doing away with the cultivation clauses. (The Commissioner of Crown Lands— 'The selectors need not desist from cultivating 1 altogether.') He liked to speak well of this country, of which he was almost a native ; bat the fact re mained that the North was not a poor man's country. (Mr. Hawker—' Hear, hear.'O If a man wentup there without large capital it wasimpossible to put up with the losses, as he knew from hisown ex perience. (Mr. Dixson— ' Will capital make it pay T'- The hon. member had said over and over acain her was a strauger in the colony, and he believed it would have been no loss if he had continued to be a stranger. (Laughter.) He did not go outside the city, and yet he set himself np as an authority against men who had lived here and studied the laws of the province for the past twenty years. He would next read an extract from a report of a meeting of the Barossa Farmers' Union, called to consider whom they should vote for at the List Legislative Council election, as follows :— ' Mr. Potter said Mr. Miller proposed to return to the northern selectors everything they had paid above one pound (£1) per acre, and they would havo to pay seven millions of money, and ho did not feel inclined to pay a share in that. The Chair man said what Mr. Potter had referred to was of the greatest importance, and which no colonist ought to lose sight of. The northern land had been sold at high prices, and on the strength of that their Government went into the English market and borrowed money. Now, if they failed to realizo that price— if they sold the land at.£l per acre— the greater portion of the money would have to be made up by something else. They had very little hind to sell at a paying price, and it would have to be made- up by additional taxation. Some time ago- an article appeared in the Register just fitting the very question. They would break faith with the English nation if they meddled with the prices realized for the land, and those people who had been such fools to offer such high prices ought to .he made to pay them. If the Government were compelled to forego their claims it was a different thing, but Govern ment should not legislate in favour of reduction. . It ?was not their money, bnt they had pawned the pro ceeds of their land. Mr. Potter was of opinion that / they had not only mortgaged theproceeds of the land, / but-the whole of the colony. The Chairman said I they owed more than £13,000.000, which was too I much.' That showed the little interest the public I were taking in the matter, and be thought they were ( Eenectly. justified In protesting against the further urdens the Bill would lay upon the community. We J were still perpetuating, the. same evil, because we | were still selling land for which we would never be I paid. The Commissioner had stated that the] Government were getting, higher prices than the I State had ever been promised to be paid. He had s cut out the prices given .for land in Mannanarie, and. he saw that J. Mormey had for 194 acres promised to pay £582, W, Mormey for. 444. acres- £1,110,. D. McGee for 250, acres £M0,, and further for 379 acres £644. Did any hon. member expect ?that the State would receive that money?. and. if. we did not the most serious injury 'was being done ? to the colony. We were borrowing, money on the strength of these promises, and if they, were not ful. filled the general body of the taxpayers had to make-up the deficiency,. We spread the report world.wide of our averages being only four and a. half, bushels per acre, ana he- would like to know if. such a statement were likely to attract immigrants, to our shores, and whether it.would not tend to in« jure our credit at home. It would doubtless be said ? that we had established the. principle of. concession. before when roncessiona had been made to the squatters; but on careful enquiry he found. that there was no analogy, between the two cases. First, all the squatters did' not give high prices for their land, but the Surveyor-General was -sent out to put. a value upon it, . and probably with, special. in« structions to pile on the agony. (The Treasurer— 'No.') Then. they. were, tenants of the Grown^ (Hear, hear)— we mad not parted with the freehold, and lastly we had not borrowed money on. the strength, of the rents paid by them. It would seem, therefore, that there was no simi larity between the two cases. As. far as he could see the. only, real remedy he knew of was first of all to let all those who were, desirous of bettering themselves throw up their, hind, and select in a fresher and better climate, while those who wanted to remain, should be allowed to hold over their payments for.the present. But, ,if people insisted upon selecting ji the North, he would only sell the land on the. condition that cash ..should be paid for it, because, under such a system, they .would not be doing an injustice to theotherpartsoi.the colony. But there was a difference of opinion among tbe.selectora, .there being some who said they did not . want, any concessions, and yet this Bill would force* them 'upon them. He referred Jiow to the selectors-hvtha Hundred of King. Some little time ago. a. deputation, consisting, of settlers in that hundred — (Mr. Dixson — 'No') — ac- companied by Messrs. Dixson and Coles, waitoil on the.. Commissioner of Crown Lands, and pre sented a . numerously signed memoris.1 desir ing that, the hundred to the east of King should be Burveyed.arid thrown onen. to' selection. These.people were-satisfled with their past results, and only wanted, more land, biit.no .concisions. Knowing the state of affairs in the district he had called for. a. return as to the number, of acres surveyed, the.- acreage selected, &c.;,.and it was provided as follows :— No. of acres-surveyed, 70,161 ; No. of .acres selected, 18,445; averaga-yield per acre, 4 bshls. 24 .lb. .; No. of acres cultivated MJI5S1-2, 1 ,665. Hera were a.pfiople who had a yield.oi 4,*2ft bushels, and whahadoveT 60,000 acres of.unselected land in the hundred,, wanting more territory surveyed for them. He thought if the Bill wemcamed special provision should be made to excluder ite. application to the Hundred of King. In the; eadiur part ol his speech be. had said that Mr. Blayiord was practi cally upon his trial, and many statamenia uttered by the Commissioner of Crown Lands- were a condemna tion of. his policy. The hon. member had resumed S,0QO,0QQ, of acres in 1879, with, the result that he had dona an incalculable injury, to, one part of the colony without building another industry up in its place.. The Commissioner ot Chmto Lands, how ever,, was a little shiner in.tbe- same direction, for he found the other day that, the, surveyors were sur veying.land near Parachiln&v; Tna newness of the hon.. member to office shielded him from much blama,, but only crass ignorance would allow - thatt land to be fsui-vsved, and thousands , of noands were wasted in the survey of' lani that was entirely unfitted for agricul tural purposes. But Mr. Playford was prin cijilly to blame. The^ hon. member had resumed some three millions of acres, and had spent about £10,000 on useless surveys* and therefore he was astonished that he had not attempted to justify hU conduct. It might bg said that the House endorsed his policy, but they, kn&w; the influence tho- hon. member had with his fallow-members. Indeed his popularity went sq, far that he was called Honest Tom. The SPEAKER.— Xto hon. member is notjnorder in no referrinp to .'-.pother hon. member. Mr. HENNING, controlling, said th.6- result* of a Miniiter.'s administration could easily bf- gauged, and. what did the late CfrnmLssionpr achieve? It. was simply the importatian.of wheat and live stqck into the colony at t)ip present time. Ws were importing yearly sa?,203 Bhera, 40,959 catfcje, and. 2,41)0 horses, and after deducting the exports the balance in favour of imports was 458,529 sheep, 40,959 cattle, and 2,920. horses, repre senting a. valus of about a million sterling. He believsd.the b.oa- member knew tfce mischieifcb was iloinj, becausa immediately after the resumption of the Label he arranged to opon up the travelling sto;K road fiwn Wentworth, in, order to keep up a supply of betf and mutton. lniJependentsf tnls there vastherujscansedto hundreia of poor hard-working men, and. kad not outside capital becoto£. available in the way. el mortgage monex the country would have been staced in a position »{ serious embarrassment. This was the result achieved by the- late Commi3 sioser of Crown Lands4 and he hoped it would be maay a long day befor^that hon. gentleman would b»ve the opportunit-j oi doing tobre mischief. Mr. Pixson had talked about our- unlimited resource* and glorious future, but why did the hon. member not point out whAt those lesaureas were. He haji no doubt about the future, of the colony himself, but we would fcave to hark bad; to escape the st&rm; which was ahead. There were people outsideno «|ouht mean enough to insinuate that he spoke in tho^o strains bicause he was interested, and even the lion. Mr. Carr had challenged his vote last session on tho land BUI on that eround. All be could sav wu fnl settlement of the'cbunlry if' possible, his com mercial pursuits giving him a living where the investment of thousands of pounds in the North had not People who talked in the way he had referred to did not know what they were talking afcout, and before imputing sinister motives let tbem disprove the facts which he had related. (Mr. Ward—' We can easily do that.') The hon. member's statements would be of no use to him, because ? Well, never mind why. (Laughter ) In the interests of the colon) alone had he endea voured to tear away the veil which imagination had drawn over the real condition of the country, and if he had succeeded half our troubles were over, because it would show us the way to improvement. For the reasons he had riven he would oppose the second reading of the Bill. (Hear, hear). On the motion of Mr. WARD, the debate was ad iourned till Tuesday nest. ADJOURNMENT. The House adjourned at five minutes past 6 o'clock till 2 p.m. on Tuesday. ? 