The ¿Wissftuuit. Mercury. SATURDAY, DECEMBER 23, 1882. THE POSITION OF THE QOVKBNKEHT. CoKSiDKBrao that the last election did not take place till Thursday, and that the writs are not returnable till December 28, the attitude of some critics of the Ministry is indecent and unmanly. If the Government intends to cling to office till the last moment, it will do so doubtless,' in the teeth of all this abuse. But the time has not yet come when it should retire, if it determines to retire. Surely, till the elections are over, and till writs are returned, Ministers may remain at their posts, without being hounded down as faithless to the constitutional principles avowed by their leader. Sir Henry Parkes' Speeches and writings are quoted against him. If the conditions were identical, there would be force in these citations. In 1872 a Government defeated in the country met Far lament. The Government of Sir James Martin had indeed proffered its resignation, but at the request of Sir Alfred Stephen, then administering the Government, held office till the House assembled, in order to obtain supply. At the present time the House is not even constituted, for all the writs are not returned. Parliament will meet for the despatch of business on January 3. There is ample time between that date and December 28, for Ministers to tender their resignations. In taking that course, they would be following four modern precedents. Mr. Disraeli, beaten in the general elections in 1868, retired from office before the House of Commons met. He retired a week before the assembling of Parliament ; presumably therefore as soon as the writs were in, and set before. In 1874, the fortune of the elections left Mr. Gladstone in his turn in the minority, and he copied the precedent Mr. Disraeli had set him. Mr. Berry and Mr. Service, in Victoria, severally defeated at the polls in 1880, re a Ved without meeting Parliament. Some ^ parties attend on the assembly of Parlia Xc? "l the absence of Ministers. But the law's no of Ministers, in resigning in const *. ce of a defeat on appeal to the counts a forced upon the Sovereign or her real f putative a procedure which may now be considered the custom, It is not with that procedure, however, " that we have now, to do. One of the Sydney journals A has said that to save embarrassment to the public service, to obtain supplies in fact, the Government purposes to meet the Assembly and while announcing the fact of its intended resignation, to ask the Houses to "Yes a Monthly Supply Bill. There is really a good deal to be said in favour of that course. Supply is wanted, and no supply can be got except under Ministerial responsibility, even if nominal. If Ministers retire say on the 29th December, there will be no Administration to meet the Assembly on January 3, because all Ministers who are members of that House rose their seats on taking office, and must be re-elected. It, will probably be six weeks before the new Government can be reasonably asked to meet Parliament. There is partial supply to January 31, but many public servants who depend upon weekly wages cannot be paid. And the available appropriations will be exhausted at the end of January. Yet, in all the circumstances, and taking into account the Premier's uttered opinions in 1872 and since, it will be satisfactory to find him pursuing the course taken by Mr. Disraeli, Mr. Gladstone, Mr. Berry, and Mr. Service. In 1872, it is true be led the Opposition against Sir James Martin, and moved an amendment on the address which opened up a long debate. Ab debate Ministers were censured ¡ 'nor was by implication censured granting a dissolution and the fact, by some speakers, that the Govern- was practically dead, and need fear no insure, did not restrain a single bitter word or shorten a single speech. The dead Government (the late Mr. Forster was at the time seeking to form an Administration was talked at as if the carrying of Mr. Parkes' amendment was necessary to compel Ministers to retire. Is the Premier BO quixotic as to be anxious to meet his foes in debate, as he certainly will have to meet them, if he follow Sir James Martin's example P Does he want the policy of the dissolution discussed? It certainly will be discussed, if he, the Minister to whom it was granted, comes to Parliament in the capacity of a ? person responsible to Parliament. Sir Henry Parkes may like to have the thing out, and will no doubt please the present Opposition if he gives its members a chance at him. But he is not called upon to supply such an opening for attack, and there will be no cowardice in his accepting the verdict of the country, and resigning before January 3. Since writing the above, we are assured, on the authority of the Herald, that the Government will resign as soon as members are sworn in. That course may avoid debate or not, as members choose, but if supply be asked for, a debate must ensue. That course will avoid the difficulties alluded to above ; but we are among those who think that a long palaver which merely expresses opinion, and cannot kill a Ministry already willing to give up the ghost, is not a desirable thing. 