A HARD CASE FOR A LANDLORD. (Continued.) > Biit while saying thia with all thb severity be could throw into a vote naturally dignified, Mr Belworth folt ho could not struggle nil day with a malevolent landlord and landlady ; so no only waited in doors until the arrival of : tbo nurao whom l>r Coolev had eetiL and thou he went out to call on thia medical man in order to confer us to whether ho could have his wifo transferred in safety to any moro hospit able abode. Jack Bound, however, had seoa tha uurso como m and Mr Bulwortb go out ; and no fooner had the latter turned hia back on tbo hotel than tho landlord took au amazingly courageous roioluttou. Ho resolved to have Mr Belworth packed in a fly and sent off to the hospital whil-t her husband was out. Jool Round was not a bad-hearted" man in tho ordinary relations of life, but tho idea of see iug his' house empty during race week was not to bo endured, and to havo been defied in his own house by a contemptuous guest having no bowels of mercy was additionally maddening, bo ho gave hiq ordors in atono at onco hysteric and ferocious." An old charwoman named Bttsyv who had had the small-pox) and was not afraid of contagion, was told to put onhor bonnet.nnd go intii No S, saying that by Mr Behvpitb's orders the, patient whs to. ST immediately trapped u'p warmly in blankets,' nod to be couveyea to the hospital by her. Betsy, -and the nurse. Thon Joel ran out into tho etablc-yor.1, and cried to flyman Jack- to harness the fastest pair .of horses to tb- Do wager, 1 an old clarence that bad not ' been out for years, but which tho landlord thought would do well erough for tho prosenfc 'emergcucv, seeing that if a rcgularfly wero used it would roquiro alt sorts of fumigatiuF, and perhaps now lining, before it could ba thriven again. Joel s fear of small-pox was so hideous, and be wasin nucha hurry to cot Mrs Belworth off, that when the poor lady came down stairs, half carried by tbo nurse and charwoman, he buBtled forward himself to open tho carriage door and see that she was warmly wrapped up. As to that, be stinted no blankets. The clarence was almost stuffed with tbom ; and to do Joel justice he heaved an honest sigh when ho beheld tbo fever inflamed face of tho poor young wife whom be bad seen but a few days before so lovely and happy with her bus band. " Drivo fast Jack,' bo 6»id to tho coach man; "and mind, nurse, Mrs Belworth is to bavo a room to herself at the hospital and every comfort. Mr Belworth will follow But once .the fly wasgono,Mr Round deemed it prudent to withdraw himself from Mr Belworth's reach. He put on his coat and hat, bolted out of tho hotel, 'and seized upon bis opportunity of going to spend the day with his mother-in-law, a farmer's wife who lived ten miles off. He did not return till midnight, and.ifthc truth must bo told, he was slightly disguised iu giu and water, for he had drank rather freely to give himself valour. Tha mors he looked back upon his achievement tha less he liked it.; His wife was sitting up for him, not reproachfully, for he had told her that bo wris going to Beobermotboryacd had- even brought back two geese and a cauliflower as a peace offering. But she was serious and perturbed by tbeitory ahohad to tell him, " Oh, Joel, dear, scarcely half an hour after you bad pone Mr Belworth came back here with Dr Cooley. It seems the doctor had kindly- agreed to take tho lady into hie own bonse, as there wa3 no room at the Union fit to receive her. So when Mr Belworth heard what yon bad done he gave mo a look— each a look a? I'll never forget to my dying day. It gave me the shivers." " I can't help, my do ar." hiccoughed Joel, terrified; 1 what sha right hash ho to bring shick pe-peoplo to my boushe? Tho Buck aintVb.v»bort-o' capital for all comereh !" "You've had a drop too much, Jool,"ob- served-hla 'wife parenthetically ; "but it don't often happen to you, so that's neither here nor thcro. .Well, when Mr Belworth bad given me that awful Jook, he. ordered a horse to be raddled and galloped off to the hospital as hard as he could go, though it wan pouring wet, and not fit weather to put a dog out in. But there's worse, to cnine; for two hours afterwards Jack comes back with the three, horses— Mr Belworth's and the carriage pair— and pays be to me, " 1 Missus, ' says he, quite dogged like, 'the old "Dowoger" went regularly to bits half way up Haverley Hill, and rolled us all into a ditch ; you'll have to send a cart to fetch her home,' says he. " 'And the lady, Jack? says I; for,Josl, I'd turned white as a ghost. /Well, the lady, missus, she got into tho ditch too,' said Jack ; 'her husband rode uo just as we wero pulling her out, aud we all helped to carry her up the bill to the hospital; hut i 'm afeared she was soaking wet when sbo got- there.' "That's what Jack said," concluded Mr? Round, looking with an anxious face at be tusband, wbocculd only stare at herbesot- edly ; -and I hope no n&rtn; will come of it, Joe), for we should bain a bad way if mischief happened."- " I can't haln it, wasn't my fiulfc, maun- dercd Joe), still hiccoughing; "have you fum igated the rooms up-shtairs as I told y or." "Lor, ys: we burnt vinegar and charcoal there, and - kept all the windows open till evening ; eo Lord and Lady Trotham can go in there without danger. But now, Joel, the best thing for you is .bed. Come along, and I'll help you'up;'-'- The next day Joel Round bad a bad head ache from his gin and water, and was nervous, fearing that Mr Belworth might appearand treat bim. to some high words ; but in the courso of tho morning r.n hospital servant came with a cart -to remove Mr Belworth's luggage .and pay his bill, saying. that this gentleman's wife had been admitted to a piivate room at the hospital, and that hsr husband was lodging at a cottage hard by. Then Joe! had pesca, for tho servant brought no bid n»w3 from' Mr Belworth. After this a few more days olapsed. The race b'gan; and the Back Hotel wa» full— over-full. Never had Joel done such a roaring trade ; and,betag busy from morning till night, he forgot to think about theBalworths. It was on the sscoud day' «t the races, and- Lord Trothum's drag stoo l at the door, waiting to convey hi3 lordship's party to the course. Lord Trothaoi ha 1 iuvt " Ci>modowbi: and was lounging over tho bar, selecting some cigar3 out of Round's choice-t boxes, when there stalked in a gentleman, who, to the landlord's horrified ecuae?, looked likeaehW— fbcgUcstofMrBsIworth, all io black and with ft (loop band round his hat. Joel felt ready to faiot, when, with an air of pleased surprise, Lord Trotham turned and accor,ted.tho barrister, "Hullo, Belworth, you here ? I thought y'ou were in the moon— honoyraoon, I've get to congratulate you." 'I was roniriod, aud my poor wife is dead," said Mr Belworth, in a heart broken voice ; then, with an implacable look, he puiutdd to' Joel, "if, was that ruffian who, killed- her. Would yon believe that he did.?'' ' And to a throng of the "Buck's" best cus tomers Mr Belworth told the story of how hi wife had been turned out of the hotel in a broken down carriago, which bad come to I pieces on the hiU and bad caused her to be . ureuched with raio. " j" exclaimed "Lord Trotham', who bad beenjistening to tho narrative with 6igns of tho liveliest alarm; "do you moan to say,. Bound, that you put Lady Trotham and ine into a room where tborohaa just been &cae; of small- pox?' ",My lord, I assure yon that the apartment had been, well fumigated,!', declared.tho miser able landlord, trembling nil over. "Fumigation to blazes," ' cried his lord- Bbip ; " why, my wife has got a had headache ' tbie morning. That's why sho isn't going to the race?. Perhaps she'a going to bo ill too. Send for a doctor, will you, and be hanged;" saying which his lordship scrambled upstairs, scattering strange oaths. A doctor was sent for, but the stampede of customers that took place from the Buck was fated to remain memorable m tho annals of Looborough, Beforo evening Lady Trotham was known to bnvo sickened of tho terrible malady which had carried off Mrs Bslwarbh , and (not to prolong thia painful Htory) when her ladyship left tho hotel cured a fow weeks later, she had no more beauty to boast of. Meanwhile public indignation ' had rained upon Joel Round's head in cataracts. He was not listened to in his own defence Some blamed linn for one thing, some for another, and thoso who least know the rights and wrongs of the misdoings screamed the loudest.'- -It- was no ubo- contending- against such a downpour. The man's charac ter was gono, hia hotel was tabooed, and beforo long he betook himself with resignation to the Bankruptcy Codrt. But even ' to this day (ho has become a restaurant waiter, add h.aspope intp wryioaogftin) he persists . _ " Wbst tho Sickens' ought I to have doneV If wifl thing was to h'appbn to me again, I ahouldn'tinow boW to nht better " v- is 