"John Perrybinqlk," in the Weekly Timeb ('Id Goppmis an ontcrpnsing showman, and his latest venturo has turned out vory suscos- fully, I can't say that it .recalled to my old mind tho glories of Greenwich or Bartholomew fairs ; but, at any rate, it. was sufficiently liko (he originals to eive an old codcor liko mo an opportunity of dilating .upon the times which are past, nnd ray son Bob has heard a lot which ''might have gono unrecorded to the grave," as tho chap in, tho play says, if it had not been for tho enterprise of friend Coppin, Well, that ia not what I wanted to set out with ; but whon a follow gets his pan in his hand, it is apt to run away with him. What I wonted to say was, that! should liko to know whoro tho larriklus wore. Ono would have thought tlmt in such a crowd they would have been in forco with all their weapons of attack. But not ono of them put in an appearance. The concourso was as or derly as if tbey woro at church. My friend tbo Jnrrikin, I am beginning to find out, does not pay for admission anywhere. He confines, his objectionable prosonoo to tho corners of strcots, Bonrkostreotand tho inarkot, Tho sagacious Bulmor has loft off tolograph- mg altogether now, and news from tho quaran tine Btation is at a premium. I'm told that, generally speaking, the pooplo have a very jolly tune of it down thero, and that it is not iinpro- bablo that sovoral marriages will come out of tho enforced detention of the passengers. I suppose that human naturo is human nature all tbo world ovor, even in a quarantine ground. However, from tho absouco of tolograuis, ' I augur that there is a plentiful supply of bottled &lo; at Pomt Nepean. There ib soraethintr wrong with our ad ministration of public money. Here wo havo tho Molbourno Hospital doscribcd as a recoptaclo for all sorts of filth and disoaso, patients go thore but to die, and so on ; tho Sunbury Lunatic Asylum is a place apparently designed for the care of Stato loafors, rathor than of those whom it has pleased Providenco to deprive of their reason ; tho Geolong Hospital is stated to bo literally crawling with vermin 'j in fact, everything ia upside down. Now this Bhould not bo, and thoro must bo a remedy for it. Is it beyond the power of the Treasurer to mako a strict inves tigation into tho causes of all this, and to order a thorough change ? I'm told that whon tho Sunbury board's report comes to bo printed thero will bo a pretty snow-up, and the sooner publicity is given to it tho better it will bo for all concerned. a I romeinbor some timo sinco that a deputa- 'ti8iiNfom tho Malleo oountry waitod upon Mr Berry1; Rnd requested a small fortune from that godtleniun for tho purpose of rabbit oxtcrminatifiR On that occasion Mr Bqrry said oil o of tho feVJ0!>d thipga bp over said, by bidding tho deputation, which num bered somo forty mombers, to go homo again, and employ their timo in huutiog out the rabbits for themselves, instead of spending it and their money in ghosting round the depart ment. Whereupon one of tho forty — thieves, I was going to say— solemnly warnod tho Government that tho day would como when Molbourno itself would bo overrun by rabbits! Real y it looks as it that woro going to happ n, for tho bunnies havo taken possession of the Old Ceroetory, nnd the Minister of Lands and his rabbits are sorely oxorciscd in their minds thoreat. There's somo fun in Btoro for the fti'rikins. " Our Russian Visitors appear to bo enjoying thouiBolveB what between visits to the theatres and Dr Smith's champagne cellars. Thero are Some peoplo who aro of opinion that their visit bodes no future good, and, as a matter of fact, think that it would bo just as well if the hoad of tho Government were not quito so accommodating. But the visitors thomsolves laugh at the idlo reports which go about, and profess only tho kindliost fcolings. Of course, it would bo all tho bettor if thoy did not know that "our defences" are of tho most tiupot charactor ; but thoy do know it, and it would bo vory difficult to hide tbo knowledge from anybody who wont about with his oyos opon. 