THE LAST. MOMENT. A morning contemporary to-day states that Sergeant Bell who recently gavo ovidonco boforo U10 Polico Commision has sont in his resignation to tho Chiof Commissioner. Wo are informed that tho statement is altogether without foundation. A child named Iloronco O Lougblin, aged 15 months died this morning at tho rosidenco of tho nurse, MrugarotEsdalc, in Goldio Alley off Littlo Bourko ereot, wost. Tho doceased ia tho child of a woman named Marion O'Loughlin, said to rosido off Oarzon Btreot, Hotham, and she has latoly been in service at an botol in Murchison. Mrs Eednlo states that sha bad boen. taking care of tho child for about 14 months, during which timo it enjoyed good health. On Wednesday, tho 20th instant, tho mother called nnd took tho child away, but brought It back in tho evening! Sinco that timo tho child has bcon gradually declining, and . diod this morning. Tho mattor has bean reported to tho Coronor, and tbo police are making in- quiiios. . At two a,m. this morning a fire broke out in n place usod as a cbomiBt's ehop at 105 Wol lington stroot, Colllngwood, and before as Bistanco, in the shape nf tho firo brigades, , was at hand, tbo placo wob almost totally de stroyed. It was owned by a Mr M'Lood, but rented to the chemist, Mr Evan .Thomas. Tho origin is not kno wo. The atook and. fix tures aro insured for L500. Tho company; is not known nt present. . ., A telegram from Wilson's Promontory state tbat a steamer has put into Waterloo Bay for shelter, - ;,,:. An application has been made by. tho resi dents of Talbot to have the next National Agricultural Society Show in 1803 held in thoir district, and a deputation will wait on tbo Minister of Agriculture on tho ; subject on Monday next. It is, howovor, -not .likely to ho acceded to. This year the ehow will, toko place at Sandhurst. -;- A man named John Bishop, aged CI years, residing in Young stroot, Fitzroy, was run over by a inilU-cart when crossing Swnnston street, near Flindors Lane, this morning, , Ho sustained in juries., to his chosfc and oneofhia hands, and was treated at tbo. Melbburno hospital, after which ho was removed to his homo. \ A rumor was current in tho city this morn ing that Sir John O'Sbnnnassy was soriously ill, Dr J. P. Ryan, who is |Sir! John's [medi cal ulteudant,howovcr, states that tho indispo sition is merely of a passing character and that the patient will be ablo to resume his duties next; week. It appears tbat Sir. John was auffei ing from a blister on ouo of.his toes, .be fore going to Sydney, and tho exortiou at the opening of St. Mary's Cathedral Sydney dur- itg which longtby ceremony he stood, irritated tho blister and formed anasty fester ing sore. Beyond this Sir John enjoys hie usual health. Tho opening of the large school in Vera street, Collingwood, has rendered necessary official changes iu the arrangement and e(H- oiatingof tho Suburban State schools, As previously stated Mr J.A. Christopherson will bo tho head of tho now school, with his mother, Mrs Gbriatophorson, as head mistress. Tbo Abbotsford aud Hoddlo street schools, wbicb have an allotment of from 250 to 300 each, will be closed and Mr F. A. Thomson, hcad-toachcr of tlio lattor, will tomperarlly fill Mr Christopboreon's post at Footscray, while his junior assistant will procoed to tho Carlton school (Mr Sorgoant's). Tho heod- toacher of tho Abbotsford school, Mr J. R, M'Millan, will become first assistant at .Vere Btreot, and tho wholo of tho romaining staff of tho Abbotsford and Hoddlo street schools will also bo transferred thither in similar positions to those which tboy now occupy. . Tbo steamer Easby from Newcastle passed Wilson's Promontory this morning, aud should reach tbo Bay lato this evening. > The applications to form water trnsti made by the local bodios in the united - Wimmera, Sbopparton andFchuca and War&nga; districts have bcon approved, ood will bo gazetted early next week. r Attention has been recently directed to a case in whioh a medical practitioner n n country district, who is i ; also a deputy-registrar . of .births,, deaths and mnmngefi, certified to tho death of, a female pnticnt, which ho then registered in biBofficiql capacity. , Tho uudosirability of medical men combining such a function as that of registrar of ... deaths, with thoir .profes sional avocations is so apparent that the Chief Secretary has given instructions that under no circumstances iu 'the future shall the prac tice of making appointments of registrars from tho ranks of tbo modical profession be permitted. A return has becu prepared and it is found that there arovpino medical men in tho colony occupying the dual position, and consideration will be given as to whether it ia deuirabie in tho public interest thoy should continue in it. r In rsforenco to a paragraph which appoared in yes orday's Herald stating that, a child wob found dead' at Griffin's boardiughouso, wo aro informed that the donth took place' in a house at the roar of Griffin's, anduotiqi tho boarding houso. 11 Tho death of Mr Lawes undoub elfly through draughts in tho Supremo Court build ings has mado mombers of tha bar who are at all delicate in health, to take greator bare of thomsolvos. Some of tbom insist' in d quiet way upon having oortain doors closed, :ah'd Tn everj' aspect there 83 apparent a strong desire to got oat, as quickly as possible, of the pre sont daugorons building. ! A man named JaraeB Matthews was fined 10s, with L2 2s costs, in tho District Court to-day for getting out of a train on tho Hob- Kim's Bay lino boforo it had come to a stand. Btill. The following scratcbings were recorded to day 2— Melbourne Cup, Waxworks. Caulfield Cnp, Waxworks and CruBador. Melbourne Hunt Olub, Flat Race, Ghost and Bolladrum Sapling Stakes, St. Lawrence. Hurdle jfcoa Trovallyn. Soiling Raco, Doctor. ' :'v At a late hour to-day in the City Court four young mon, namod Thomas Hondorson» Jamos Gawthofno, Thomas Wholan, and John Robinson, woro flood in sums ranging from LI to L3, with varirus amounts in oosta, for damaging proporty at tho Miinstor Arata botelin Carlton. Tho Education ' Department havo accepted the following tenders for works required in connection with the undermentioned Bohools t — ' Weathorboaird Hill, Ballarat district, Brom ley nnd Morris, L47 19s Od; Muddy (Creek Bridge, noar Murchison, Aitken aud Koan» L7D 15s, 