SPORTING NOTES. BY Rusncrus. The usual race ball will be held at Penola on Wednesday, 3lBt January. This event is annually looked forward to by the ladies of the distriot with considerable interest, and as it is intended that the ball ot '83 will be quite up to any previously |held, it may go without the saying that it will be numerously attended. The sportsmen of Port MaoDonnell have come out with a nice little programme for their annual meeting, which is to be held on Wednesday, 7th February. Particulars will be found in another column. : The weights for the Lucindale Handicap and Steeplechase appears in another column. The acceptances for the Kobe handicaps are published elsewhere. All have cried " content" with the exception of Lavitesse and Storm Queen for the Robe Handicap, Lochaber and Storm Queen for the Turf Club Handicap, and Gulnare for the Grand Stand Handicap. The summer meeting of the Wyndham Racing Club was held on Saturday last amid fine weather. Buzza was made a level money chance for the Selling Race, but he went down before Lucinda. Cavalier and Monitor had the Hurdlerace to themselves, the former, ridden by Corrigan, being made favorite; he was, however, easily beaten by Monitor. Six went to the post for the Spring Handicap, Queen Mary, Petrel, and Cole wort finishing in that order. Lucinda was again.pulled out for the Galloway Handicap, which she won, beating three others. The Flying Handicap attracted eleven runners, Coreena beating Zephyr by a head after a desperate finish, Colewort being again third. The Portlanders beat Branxholme in a match at cricket on Saturday last by four wickets. The suores were small on both sides. The Victoria Amateur Turf Club held a meeting on Boxing Day, which was largely attended. Good sport was the order of the day. The Ghost led off by winning a Selling Race, Kanaks being second and Junius third. Dnenna beat eleven opponents in the Juvenile Stakes, Ike being second a length away, and Monsoon third. Lady Hampden, a daughter of Slanderer, was served up very warm for the Hurdlerace, and having the lucky Cor rigan .for her pilot, she easily beat the heavily weighted Dhurringhile by two lengths ; P.G. got third. ? The Christmas Handicap fell to Colstoun, by King Cole, after a dead heat with Sir T. Eider's Baron von Mueller. In the run-off Colstoun won rather easily. A dozen- animals came to the post for the Stee plechase, and the bookies having a whole some dread of anything from the T. Wilson cum-Corrigan stable, elevated Bryan O'Lynn, a son of Panic, to the position of favorite. Nor were they far out in their reckoning, for Bryan, with Corrigan up, after a slashing race, got home half a length in front of The Hawk Abdallah was third. The Two-year old Selling , Plate fell to Amelia Victoria, a daughter of Talk o' the Hill, Frou Frou and Plato gaining the situations ; eight others started. The Malvern Handicap introduced a 6 to 4 favorite in Transferred, a hitherto disappointing animal, but he could only get second to Squireen, who won by a couple of lengths, Lohengrin being third ; eight others contested. The Warrnambool Racing Club held their meeting on' Boxing Day. The weather was fine and the attendance fair. The Maiden Plate was won by Corellie, and the Hurdle race by Devlin. Hannibal beat Tell Tale, King Manuka, and others in the Trades man^ Handicap, and Little Nell (Cawker's) got home first in the Flying Stakes, Tell Tale being again third; Barwon divided the pair. . The Australian Jockey Club had an after noon's capital sport at Randwick on Boxing Day. The attendance was large, the wea ther fine, and the sport interesting. Dun dreary, Sportsman, and Last Try came home in that order for the Hurdlerace, and Blue and White placed the December Stakes to his owner's credit. Much interest centred in the Summer Cup, which had been made the medium of some heavy speculation. In a field of 18 Morpeth was made favorite at the short odds of 3 to 1, and he came near winning the " pot" which he carried. Mor peth was leading a short distance from home, when he was tackled by The Gem, who wore down the favorite and beat him, amid much excitement, by half a length ; Sardonyx was third and Brunette fourth. Bandmaster won the Amateur Handicap, Stella the Selling Plate, and Little Wanzer the Two- year»old Plate. ..The A.J.C. Handicap was won by Willeroo, Hesperian running second. The racehorse Proctor dropped dead near Sydney on Tuesday last. His owner, the Hon. J. Eales, only lately gave 1200 guineas for him. The Champion Race, to be run on New Year's Day, will, it is anticipated, attract a dozen competitors, and the tussle for supre macy is bound to be a keen one. Public form-the most reliable guide in the long run -points unmistakably to Navigator, Com motion, and Darebin as the three best in it, and if the aforesaid public form is to be corroborated, then should the trio named furnish the placed horses for the Champion of '83. It need cause no surprise, however, if Commotion should reverse places with Navigator, for notwithstanding that a real good three-year-old like the latter has, even under the revised scale, a slight pull in tbe weights, there is no gainsaying the excellence of Commotion, who is a clinker over a dis tance. Darebin I do not fancy greatly. He has never yet shown his ability to compass three miles, although in the hands of Tom Lamocd-who has no superior as a trainer in Australia-he may have been taught the knack of "staying." This event has been fruitful of surprises, and should there be one in store for us on the present occasion, who knows but that the handsome daughter of Kelpie and Parachute (Jessie) may not be the heroine of it. The St. Albans Btable will probably>entrust its honor (if not its money) to Little Jack, in the hope that he may effect another Caulfield Cup surprise; his breeding, however, does not read like stay ing. Calma's does, though, and although this by-no-meane-bad- looking son of Yatten don does not appear to be gifted with re markable brilliancy, he may keep pegging alo»g while some of the others art be^iaoia^ to stop, bat the most that can be expected of him is to fill a place. Were I compelled to place the horses, my selection would be Commotion 1, Navigator 2, and anything you please third. " Trumpator," in the Adelaide Observer, states that during the time Mr. J. E. Savill resided in South Australia he trained 111 winners, and he wound up by winning the Melbourne Cup with one of his training. At the last Kensington . park meeting "Teddy" Weekes, an owner of racehorses, who has not yet learnt that "silence is golden," was fined for unruly conduct. In one of the races he would persist in attempt ing to start the horses, for which ebullition of playfulness he was fined £20. As the lessee of the course declined to profit by the transaction, it was determined to give £10 to the fund being raised for the Creswick widows and orphans, and £5 each to the Melbourne and Alfred Hospitals. In America last month a trotting match for 2,000 dollars was decided between Yellow Dock and Billy D., each having a running mate. The former, a mare, .won three heats right off, in 2m. 163sec., 2m. 18sec.-, and 2m. Usee., the laBt being the best on record with a running mate, and has only been beaten by Maud S. At the Waverley, N. J., meeting seven heats were trotted by the 2.25 class ere the stake fell to Charley B., who won the first, sixth, and seventh. 