OUR MELBOURNE LETTER. FFROM - OTJB. • OWN CORRESPONDENT. J There has been a singular quietude m pohtics -this week, and I have heard no gossip: .whatever on the subject.; Mr. .Ramsay,was buried on Thursday, and- on- Friday active ° steps began for the 'East Bourke campaign.: - Every one thought that .Mr Harper was sure of the seat; and' a genuine surprise has been caused by his withdrawal, v -I am not in Mt Harper's confidence—the .reverse indeed—but theremust-be somethmg- underneath this which will perhaps never be known. It lspossible that: Mr Harper, knowmg that a general election is not- far ofi; holds backs for.a metropolitan.-•• constituency, and- it may be, also; that he does not like to interfere with the chances of that ponderous Orson, Mr W. J. Lobb, who at one time represented that part ofthe country before it was divided into district and boroughs, and whose record.is that he- was a M'Cul-: loch. whip. The men who are announced' are of very inferior calibre. Mr Hill, no one knows, but he claims to have resided i in the district for so many/years. IE the oldest: inhabitant" would have the.claim then it would lie between King Billy and the most ancient "old man: kangaroo." Mr Sabelberg has been a rejected suitor for Evelyn for years, and is as little likely, to wm East Bourke. No one knows Mr Hornby. Mr Bullen is a wealthy Catholic solicitor, but Catholics are at a discount in East Bourke, and therefore Mr Bullen may; remain , at home and advise the Advocate how to steer clear of the courts. The Radical candidate, Mr Gray, is a clothier m Latrobe- street, whom Mr 'Blackett ,*\beat/ "the .-'first '' time when, Fitzroy. was successfully,, invaded by the - Constitutionalists, , and who afterwards- fought Mr Ramsay in' East Bourke. I would not at all undervalue Mr Gray's -chances,: for 'he is an outandrout supporter of the Education- Act, • and is.just the man to raise the flag, so gallantly upheld by Mr Ramsay. He is certainly equal to any: of the men an-: nounced. I suppose the ruck will be allowed to have a, good; fly round the trackand coming into the straight-two will •challenge and the rest'will " fire and fall back." The contest may turn out to be of more than ordinary importance, as; Mr. Gray is likely to raise the distinct, issue of secular , versus denominational education. However;' it is rather early to speculate; Mr Levey's success m obtaining the working of the Amsterdam Exhibition, in: spite of the most powerful opposition-and the general; dislike of nearly every man in Parliament, has somewhat astounded those: who did not know his rare abilities as a roller of logs.. It was thought that the Argus would never permit.him toagam represent Victoria after having had- hini " shadowed"-by a " special" air through the , Melbourne. Exhibition. But Mr Levey worked on, and like the tortoise m •the fable, beat the hare. After this, his : enemies will give Mr Leveyup- as a hard case; I believe -he intends to open an Exhibition of his own at Boston after the one at Amsterdam is over, so thateveryT thing will chime in veiy sweetly. I wonder . what the -' Hub" will think "of our G. C. L. ? No doubt he will at Amsterdam receive the invaluable assistance of those who were so useful in Pans Mr; Herbert Tingle" and "Mces Fchcie Bouhgny." ; . , < ; . The manner m which the New South Wales firemen have been, treated, m this colony; save by the -public, .who have throughout been most cordial, has been a disgrace, to "Victoria, and contrasts -glaringly with the way m which our men were treated in Sydney. If they have not been insulted, they have- been treated with -contemptuous neglect. :;:There ;was no.one to receive-the visitors, they were left without: apparatus,, save what , they brought, they were packed 7 like -herrings in a barrel on the railway; not a -dinner was igot up m their honour. Even-the Mayor only invited them to a Barmecide" feast of wind at the Town Hall,-where they shivered like ghosts while they listened to the melancholy organ. ? -The Mayor did not even condescend to be present, and there were no refreshments, I As the ordinary charge for .admission to organ, recitals is sixpence, to the extent . of that small 1 com Victorian hospitality , extended. I blush for the colony.; Let us hope that Sandhurst will next year redeem our honour. ;• Our. electric society"has met with such' ill success, owing, I believe, to the; man-; agement, that. it' ;is -about to open- an. exhibition :of -electric -apparatus, at the Athenfflum on,the - 12th June. , - An effortynll :be -made. to interest tlie; public. m ^decfaie^ii^itnigyegpeaally.-^iii house lamps • A capital Idea is about to bo tried in Melbourne, which: wiE be of especial benefit to visitors.. A brigade «f,streetm.essenger lads is ;to be.; inaugurated. These, lads .will, stand - at , the . comers .with: numbers on their caps; and the society will be responsible for them. • A rumour is current that, basing their; actionon certain articles,that have recently appearedm the Advocate^ ii is the mtenhons of some persons to take steps against, that fjournal under the clause of the.; Printers' Statute relating to " blasphemy and sedition," ? :The following excerpts from a- letter oi a globe-trotter will be read with interest r — I have just returned from St Petersburg; whore l enjoyed tho glorious sleighing and that kind of thing - . . The: idea in B-ussia now is that her troubles can , only be got over by the creation of a thorough nationality, - and - French . -and rerman are tabooed. . . . I heard 'MemMoscowthatMr;Semce-wasih ®ussia;: but^f he-was;was unable-to.see him . . : Berlin^ras a bit excited wheiilpassedthrough^butl-don'tthink there jwill be "war.The Russians coiild" not 'go u> war now.. From what I see, thd aext great war in Europe -will be one between the aristocratic and .democratic sections of the people The working people of Europe have to bear a temble burden. I -wish those w< u who complain in Australia had to make a living (?) herethey'd gomadin,afortnight _Forunately for the drpne3,pf Europe it is the >or women who have to do the most ofe eworkj-the.stnrong-men-arkidliiiginfthS"; array, and women except the petroleuses of Paris, don't fight It is most distressing to see the condition of women in Europe; In English speaking lands ialone;Is woman aspet 5 on:.the" iColitment, she is an abject, miserable slave. Before 1 forget it let me say a word about the Jewish persecutions .of :whiclu you .have' ao -doubtiiyithis time-heard.'. The -people in:Russia: and ^Germany havetwo' masters, the" Government and the- Jewsj and'their feehngs towards both; are muchthesame.' They'hate the. Government which'oppresses'ihemj ibut they cannot a- rebel; though; they: do - occasionally, break out..: They hate the Jews,is.who have monopolised eveiyfhmg and - starve them with usury, • and as tlie Jews -have; pot standing)army; they "are .massacred;; to get • rid of the intolerable . .bondage,- worse -than-Jthat "the ; Jews ithemselves: suffered'-in Egypt; j That appears-.to/me, •ito - be : the; truth sof -the - matter, rwithou gomg- -into recondite 'argument.-,,.' •.: ;: Since < coming back-to Paris;: I: have ; sseen; and heard the petroleuse, Louise Michel. I: never ;was so struck ,with a woman m my life.; Her face," so :ugly, yet; so full, .'-of tremendous power.; haunts-: me: - She . is a woman . of. good; family oyer - 50 years of age. ;: When 30 .she fell; intoa property of 1 12,000 francs, and thenwas about, to becomes nun; hut suddenly: became an atheist and "went to -Paris.to ; propogate her views. She" was oneiof the: central "figures m the : days of -the .-Gom- ,mune, ana 'fought side ,by side with . the ; communards, • • being m> love with Ferre, one of the fiercest cluefs, andsshe was; one-: of the exiles.-:, A fearful .'face'isif that of; Louise ! Michel . . . . A little fun to; close. The. Salvation army has'invaded ; Pans, and has met with a thoroughly Parisian reception. • ? ,1 was not present but I read in -the papers of the doings. • There was.a General who made ;an address-which,; was .translated , word ,by . .word- into .barbarous-French by. a venerable- interpreterby.his side. The audienceTT-youknow.how-i .touchy the French-are .von saccent-^passed , each word, exaggerating; the false pronunciation, all round, amid , roars of laughter; Theeffect is described as:better-than, any . opera bouffe ever performed; . The,climax came when; to stoptlie hubbub; the corno-. peanisfcand concertimststarted a hymn toa lively tune. This took; the Gauls, -, sets, were. formed.and,to.,dancmg. the ,whole.Iot. went, to the consternation of the Salvationists. There were some champion kickists present, and they turned the place into such a Jardm-Mabille that the-hornfied Salvation army, which included a lot of English; • meeaes, Vdressed.m scarlet and black, fled in consternation. -These good. people -had .better stop at home.-'-' The Deity has been abolished m France and Eros set up in his place.;" s Mr Forbes' latter lectures have hardly been as - interesting as the' first one, and the attendance has not been so large as the dailies would have us believe. Still, he has been well patronised.. So have "Mignon" and "Jo,;" indeed: all the theatres have been, well filled. 