TOWN TALK. ~Reuter telegraphs that Turkey has heen reassured as to the object of Lord Dufferin's mission to : Egypt, and that the relations between the Porte and Great Britain .will hot he affected thereby. News th'as . been received of the defeat of the (army of the false prophet of the1 Soudan, but its accuracy is generally douhted.d The statement that the Egyptian Governmenthad proposed Arabi Pasha's banishment without trial has been officially denied. Other cable items of interest will be found in detail elsewhere. The. R. M.S. Peshawur arrived at Albany at hailf-past eight o'clock last evening. In another column will be found full particulars with respect to the reported wreck of the ship Loch Garry, which left Corio Bay on Wednesday last, bound for London, with a cargo of wool. The affair almost bears on the face of it the stamp of a gigantic and silly hoax. . ' The municipal elections on Saturday last reshlted aB'follows':—For the Kardinia Ward, Mr! Davey, 170 votes; .Mr Reeves, 12G votes. For the Villainanta Ward, Mr Shannon, 147 votes ; Mr Goodwin, 23 votes. A circular. letter lias been received by Mr W.1 Forster from Mr R. D. Bannister, soore-. tary"of the-Grand Intercolonial Juvenile Industrial Exhibition, to bo held in Sydney. The letter states that, the Garden Palace having heen destroyed by fire, the com mitteejaro unablo to make suitable arrange ments for oponingtho exhibition on tho- 9th November, and tho same will not ho opened until Eastor of next year. It is expected, then, that tho Exhibition building in Prince Alfred Park will bo available for tho dis. clay. In the .meantime intending exhibi If: * 'iliiUM. . ' J , , ,, . tors are 'requested' not to forward their exhibits until they receive furthor instruc- j tionH. On1 Thursday last the Postmaster-General j was interviewed by Mr ' Connor, M.L.A., with regard to the promise made that a police court, post office, and telegraph office would be established in the Borough of Geelong West. The Postmaster-General informed Mr Connor that he would speak to the hon. Dr. Dobson, Solicitor- General, and the'hon. Mr Young, Commissioner of Public Works, and urge for the immediate carrying out of the works referred to. The Church of England Congress will bo opened at Melbourno on tho 14th instant. The proceedings will commence with the President's address, which will bo followed by a discussion on " Tho relation of the Church of England to all Protestant | churches," the readers being Archdeacon Hales, Canon Chalmers, Canon Selwyn, and Sir W. Stawell, Chief Justice ; and the speakers, the Rev. C. T. Perks, and H. P. Scott. The same evening tho Bishop of | Newcastle, Dean Russell, Archdeacon Bea mish, and the Revs. R. Potter and J. C. M'Cullagh, will discuss " The duty of the Church of England in reference to unbe lief." Tho Act of Parliament with regard to tho | voting power of burgesses in this town ap pears to canse confusion in its interpreta tion. On Saturday, last Alderman (Jouves> who presided at the polling booth for the | Sardinia Ward, allowed one vote for. £50, two votes for £100 or. over, and three votes for £150. In tho Villamanta Ward, Aid. Aitchison rnled that an elector could have two votes "for any rating between £50 and £100, In this ruling, we believe, Alderman Aitchison was upheld by the Mayor and Mr ] Wcire, the town clerk. At the previous elections Alderman Couves' view has. been tho recognised rule, so that tho elections of Saturday last are not devoid of considerable ] interest to the ratepayers. . The annual meeting of tho Geelong Farmers1 Union was held at the Prince of Wales Hotel ou Saturday. Present :— Messrs Syer (president), M'Master, Dane, Angus," Rollins, and Sach. Tho balance; sheet as submitted Bhowed that the receipts had amounted to £2 2s Gd, and the expendi ture to £G Is lOd. The balance-sheet was adopted, and it was agreed that each mem ber should pay five shillings to clear off the debit balance. Letters were read from Mr | R.Reoves, as chairman of the Works Com., mittce of tho Town Conncil, and tho Town Clerk, re the petition by the Union for a redaction of the market dues, and ordered to lie on the table. It was agreed that tho Union should collapse, but that a meeting be held in threo weeks' time at the Free Library, for the purpose of forming a Farmers' Club, Votes of thanks were passed to the hon. secretary (Mr C. Sach) for his valuable services, and also to tho president (Mr C. Syer), aud tho Goelong Farmers' i Union, which has been straggling to exist for some time past, died a natural death. An attempt was made to break into th0 Elephant and Castle Hotel, in M'Killop street, on Sunday morning, about three o'clock. A noise, as if someone was en deavoring to for co open tho door, aroused tho landlady of the hotel, and when a light was brought the retreating footsteps of a man were heard. Shortly after the hour named a man climbed over the fence at Mr Old. ! field's house, in M'Killop-street, and when j ho found that he was discovered he retreated. Accidents caused by fractious horses havo been numerous lately. Daring the I last fortnight wo chronicled several, and | to-day we havo to record two more, both of which occurred oh Saturday, and were rather serions. Mr and Mrs Buchter, well-known residents of Bates ford, were driving home from Gee long on Saturday afternoon in a wa gonette, when the horse attached to it bolted. Both occupants were thrown to the ground, Mr Buchter sustaining a scalp J wound, and his wife a number of contusions about her body. They were conveyed to the local hospital, where they had their injuries attended to, and were detained as in patients. At five o'clock yesterday morning a man ! named John Dunbar, alias Collins, described | as a sailor and stevedore, was discovered in the bedroom of Mr David Boyd, of Koroit | Place, ofF M'Killop-street. Mrs Boyd was the first to discover the intruder, who was grappled with by Mr Boyd. A very severe struggle ensued, during which time Constable Duffy and Mr Wood were brought on the scene, and, after a desperate encounter, Collins was overpow ered and taken to the 1 South Geelong lockup, where he was charged with being illegally on the premises of Mr | Boyd. It appears that about two o'clock the same morning the prisoner made an effort to enter the bedroom of Mr Hambling, who j resides in Swanston-Btrcet. The prisono was half-way through the window 'of the room when discovered by Mr Hambling, who seized the intruder by tho shoulders. A struggle took place, during which Mr Ham* blirig was hauled through the bedroom window on to the footpath, in his nocturnal robe. The intruder managed to offect his escape, and it was found,after the encounter, that 3s Gd in silver and Gd in coppers had | been removed from tho dressing table along side tbe window. Although nothing official can be stated with regard to the working of the steam dredge, it may be stated that fair progress is being made in the cutting of the channel. The stiff clayey bottom of the channel has been found very tough to cut, and, consider ing the nature of the ground, the work per formed is said to be encouraging. Hard clay silt continues to be brought to the reclamation works near the Moorabool-street wharf, and Mr Irwin is not losing any time iu keeping the men under his charge fully employed. Much interest is being displayed in regard I to the contest for tho representation of the South-Western Provinco in tho Legislative [ Council. Tho candidates aro the Hon. P. Ormond and Mr John Rout Hopkins, of | Winchelsea. Voters will be interested in knowing tliat tho ratepayers' and general rolls show that there are 5836 votes in the Province, the numerical strength of the various divisions being as follows :—Ban? nockburn, 260 ; Barrabool, 2S4; Bellarine" 43S; Buninyohg (borough), 129; Bnninyong (shire), 917 ; Colac, CIS; Corio, 272; Gee long (town), 1064; Geelong West, 356; Leigh, 179; Meredith, 201 ; Newtown and Chilwell, 403; Queeescliff, 129 ; South Bar won,-290 ; Winehelsea, 296. Seventy-three entries of wine exhibits have been received for the Spring Show, to be held this month. Additional entries will be received to day. The stewards in the section for flowor exhibits, Messrs J. Bad denberry, J. Harris, and E. T. Sichlau, have prepared and issued a very good programme, the prizes offered being in every way sub stantial, and encouraging to exhibitors, espe cially to thoso in the cottagers' class.; A conference, consisting of the President (Or, White), and Ore. Gorbett, Squires,|and Honey, and the Engineer (Mr A. T. Moran), representing tho Shire Council of Barrabool, and the President (Cr. Harvey), and Crs'. Maddeii, Ritchie, and Weber, and tho Engineer (Mr S. Morris), representing tho BannockburnShiroCouneil, met in MrH. p. Richardson's office, Ryrie-streot, Geelong, on Saturday afternoon laBt, to take steps to settle the dispute between the two Councils in reference to Earquharson's contract for the re- ereotion of the Pollocksford bridge ovor tho River Barwon. ■ After some discus sion -it was unanimously agreed, on tho motion of Cr. Ritchie, seconded by Cr. Weber, to recommend , to tho two Counoih ati their: next- meetings to adhere to the roport of tho original -committee, -viz., that a* reduction " of 10d per foot bo made on all ongtturiiual beams placed iu the bridge by ;he contractors. Daring the polling at the Town Hall on Saturday for the election of a representative for the Villamanta Ward in the Town Conn, oil, a fracas occurred between two well* known residents of Geelong. SomeTerv harsh words were uttered by one of M, parties, to the detriment of the character of his ; adversary, and a writ, claiming £ 000 ' damages, will be issued against the offend? The. cause n£ . the quarrel arises oat of thl high feeling which appears to be gainine ground regarding the contest for the SnnH, Western Province election. On Saturday last a poll of the burgee, of the various wards was taken with regard to the local option question affecting the issue of publicans licenses. As nsual it was a farce ; 385 votes were recorded against anv increase in the number of licenses, whfot ten votes were recorded in favor of if04^I0nSe8beiDgi8aUed to the ^mber . of 4680. One person voted for 4000 license, a second for 500, and a third foViow £ ' showing the absurdity of the wording £ test questions, it may be stated B, ,, 0 were 140 informal ballot papers " ^ ^ On Saturday last the ship Ben Voirlich - On Saturday last the ship Ben Voirlich vessel will probably clear at the Custom house for London to-morrow afternoon. -The annual procession of the members of the Curlewis branch of the Geelon® led of the Children of Mary took pl.i, vt!l!^^ £r the Gee. long Society were driven to Curlewi, in where about 40 of theDrysd.le.udCnrl.S members were assembled, and the process^ ru8rer0d- "d^8- Pr05e£,sion moved ronml the church grounds and into the ehnroh, where . new member was received by the R»„ r Carroll, who delivered a short address to the congregation on the practice of the virtues of i the society. The processionists then left the church, and proceeded round the ground, to the vestry, singing hymns and the litany meanwhUe. The visitors were entertained at luncheon by Miss Stowe after the cere mony, which was very pleasing and impo. There was a clean charge sheet at the' Police Court on Saturday morning. The ■ ' Mayor, Mr Heron, P.M., and Mr Pew, J.Pi, attended at the courthouse. On Friday, evening, between 7 and 8 o clock, some filthy person or persons dashed a quantity of nightsoU on the front ' i door of Mr Wood, blacksmith, of South Geelong. Mr Wood has given information' to the police, audit is to be hoped that the perpetrators of such a disgusting act severely. ^ ^ iQ8tiCB' 8Dd P"""* _ The quarterly report of the'inspector of sheep m the Geelong distriot states that the district continues clean. During the quarter " rams, 2824 cwcb, a5d 9000 wether,» passedinto New South Wales;350rams,10 600 ewes, into Queensland ; and 153 rams SoW ;makmKAt0taI from this district of -0,636 sheep, and for the year 57 169 The passenger train from Melbourne on Saturday night was an unusually lengthy one, and there was a very large gathering of returning excursionists who had been !visit- ' ing the races. The train had to be divided at the ^ Geelong station,, two trains being despatched to Ballarat.' ? Shortly; before ten o olock the speoial race train, consisting of nine carriages, six of which were empty, arrived in Geelong, en route to Ballarat. Only twenty passengers were brought from tho metropolis. The following have been appointed mem bers of the school boards of advice for the districts named .--Towii of Geelong, Messrs John Anderson and Geo. Steedman;-Lara Riding, Shire of Corio, Mr Herbert Balmkin. ' Gerangameto has been appointed, by the Governrr in-Couneil, to bo a.polling place.r for the Colac division of tho electoral diBtriot ' of J?ol*varfch and South Granville;' The resignation of Mr James Simson, of his post of assignee of insolvent estates for the southern; insolvency district, has been, accepted. Mr John' Davison; auctioneer, of Little Malop street, has been appointed,, tp ' fill the vacant position. : • A. woman named Ciesariua Gngger, aged ' 23 years, residing at the Barrabooi Trill-, was admitted as an in-patient at the Geelong' ' Hospital on Saturday, "suffering from a fracture of her left leg. She was /driving into town, when the horse' attached to the trap suddenly lashed out and,' striking Mrs Gngger, inflicted the above-mentioned injury, . .., ■ ": ■ . ■" Oh Saturday night five drunken indivi. duals—four men and one woman—wore in tbo town lock-up. On Sunday evening i billiard marker, named Eobert Kennot, was lodged in the lookup on a charge , of lunacy. Hewas found on board the steamer'Alert, endeavoring to start the vessel on a journoy . to England. He refused •; to leave the '} steamer, and it took ; three constables to remove him. Keanet stated that he had received a telegram ordering him to proceed ; atjonce by steamer to England, and, finding '<'■ the Alert at the Moorabool-streot i wharf, ho had taken possession of the vessel, with the object.of comply ing with his orders. ■ .1 The owners of the s.s. Alert have received a telegram from Mr T. J.Parker, da'ted Lon-" " fi°n» November 1st, advising them that their new steel steamboat for the; Geelong trade had run a most satisfactory trial trip. The - ' steamer was to lcavo ' Southampton on Friday under steam via. Suez Canal for.Met bourne. A telegram from Horsham, published in'' ' the: Argus of Saturday, states that' on: • Friday, during tho hearing of a case at the ■ Police Court, against a parent for not send ing his children to school, several girls ' attending the schooL stated that Mc John. ' Loechman, tho teacher at the Veotis East school, had -kissed them.- The statement were denied, and, pending any action being! H takpn by the Education Department, the magistrates-postponed the case'for four weeks.| , ; ! It has been notified in the Government Ga zelte that next Thursday; being-the anniver..1," ' sary of tho Prince *o£ Wales' birthday, is ' • appointed to bo observed as a public holiday, ' In all directions in the town'and'suburbs"-"" on Saturday night the incessant1 explosion of Chinese " crackers " attracted ^attention to the fact that Gny Fawkes' Day was, close at : hand. The usual display. fof! grotesque < figures; for which the youth.of the colonies i i'l are renowned,' appears to have died out, and, so far as the general public are concerned, the .fire works nuisance might with advantage , be allayed. ; : ; ■,. , r ■■tVniciW.'diilW , Mr Davison sold on Saturday last a small •! farm, at Moolap, with growing crop of hay, ■" at £23 per acre. Western House was offered'.' at the-same time, but withdrawn. ; V Yesterday there were very large congre gations at the Newtown Wesleyah' Church, when the anniversary of the Sunday school.,j. waB celebrated. The Church was tastefully decorated with evergreens, and a gallery was erected for the accommodation of tho Sunday school children, At the morning service the Rev, C.- Lancaster, of Tasmania, officiated,' ' and gave an address, taking for his text, '.' And it shall be when thy son asketh thee in timo to.como,. saying, -What is this J that thou,';sbalt say unto him, by strength of , hand tho Lord brought us out from Egypt, from' the. houso of bondage,' from Exodus, 13th chapter. He also preached , in the evening from Hebrews, 3rd chapter, 7th and 8th verses: " Wherefore as the Holy Ghost saith. to-day if ye will hear his voice. Harden not your hearts as in tho provocation, in the: day of'T' temptation in''the wilderness." The Rev. : W. Burridgo' conducted an' afternoon service, which, was well attehdod, and. the., address was preached, from, Lnke, ('. 13thtf; chap., '34th verso,. and 22nd: chap., -31st verse. Hymns suitable to the occasion were rendered by tbe clioir and Sunday school scholars, Mis3 Butt presiding at the organ, and Messrs Best (vio lincello), Gabb (violin), and S. Brearlcy (piccolo), aLo assisted with pleasing effect This eveuiug tea aud. public meetings w il) be held, to further celebrate the anniver sary. The collections yesterday amounted to about £ 17. The anniversary of tbo Aberdeen-street Baptist Church was celebrated yesterday. In the morning tbe service was ■ conducted by the Bev. J. Porter, who also preached the sermon, taking his text from Isaiah, Ixi. chap., 3rd verse—"That they might be called trees of righteousness, the planting of tbe Lord, that ho might be glorified." The same clergyman also officiated at the evening service, and preached the sermon from Deuter onomy, xi. chap., 26th and 2Sth verses— " Behold I set before you this day, a blessing and a curse. And a curse if ye will not obey the commandments of the Lord your God, bnt turn aside out of the way which I command you this day, to go afterother Gods which ye have not known." The church was well filled on each occasion, and the collections amounted to £16. Appropriate hymns were ren dered by the choir, Miss Davies presiding at the organ. The anniversary will be further celebrated this evening by a tea meeting, after which the Rev. J. Porter will deliver a lecture entitled " The house we live in." . , . The steamer Lindus arrived from JSew castlo yesterday morning, aboutsoveno'olock, with 2200 tons of coal, a portion being for the Railway Department, and the remainder for the firm of Huddart, Parkerand Co., at Gee long and Melbourne. The Lindus left New castle at 11.40 p.m. on the 31st ult-., passed Sydney Heads at 7-25 a- m. on the 1st inst., Cape St. George at 7.15 p.m. on tho same j day, Green Cape at 2.40 p.m. on tho 2nd, rounded Gabo Island at 6 p.m. the same day, was abreast of Wilson's Promontory at 6.30 ) p.m. on the 3rd, Cape Schanck at 4 a.m. on the 4tb, and entered Port Phillip Heads at] 6 a.m. the same day. Strong southerly winds were experienced until 60 miles south west of Gabo Island, and from thence I to arrival at tbe Heads light vari- j able winds were met with. When steaming past Portarlington the Lindus went j aground on tho edge of the bank off Point Richards, between nine and ten o'clock on Saturday morning. A lighter was sent to the steamer's assistance, and, after 200 tons of coal had been removed from her hold, sho I floated off the bank at five o'clock on Sunday morning. The Alert went to the Lindus on Sunday morniDg, but arrived just in time to find the grounded steamer once more afloat. The mishap occurred through an error in the | chart, which described tho buoy off Point | Richards as a red one, whereas it is black. Capt. Lindsay kept a look out for the red bnoy, and discovered tbe error when it was impossible to avoid running aground. The following have accepted for the ] Corio Bay Handicap, to be run for on tho 9th NovemberJ. Darcey, W. Leslie, A Laird, H. Smith, H. Cooper, S. Bone, W. M'Pherson, A. M'Farlane, J. D. Thomson, J. Reddin, E. Scott, W, Wilson. Fourteen pedestrians entered for this event, and, as twelve have cried "content" with regard to the handicaps, the contest ought to prove | exciting. Collections in aid of tho Hospital Sunday movement were made yesterday in tho Mount Zion Baptist Church, in Little Ryrie street, when the sum of £S 10s was obtained. The services were conducted by Mr S. Day. He our report of the proceedings of the meeting of the Corio Shire Council, which appeared in our issue of Thursday last, Cr. Rees desires to state that his observations on the subject of the two Melbourne (roads were to the effect that the Council could not adopt either road to the exclusion of the other, but that they were bound to improve, and make passable for traffic, both roads as early as circum stances would permit. Our report of the V.R.C. Spring Meeting j wilf be found in the fonrth page. Decrees for tbe dissolution of marriages were granted in 15 cases by the Supreme Court, Sydney, on Thursday. There were 23 applications. Human remains were discovered at Warr nambool on Friday by some workmen excavating in one of the streets of the borough. They were found buried in bark, and are supposed to be those of a black fellow. It has been reported that the body of a teamster has been found near Albany, Western Australia, with the head and legs cut off, the trunk being buried in the sand. The police have obtained a clue to the perpetrators of the murder. In a vessel which recently arrived at Mel bourne with a cargo of tea,theCustomsofiicers reported that a quantity of it was of low character; An analysis was made of some samples of it, but it was not of such a low quality that it could be stopped by the Com missioner of Trade and Customs. For some time past reports have been re ceived by the Commissioner of Trade and Customs to the effect that illegal netting has been carried on in rivers where fish have gone np to Bpawn. Reference was specially made to the Werribee River. He told off an officer to visit the locality, and the latter reports that, although illegal netting was not going on during his | visit, yet it had been some time previously, he believed, by Williamstown fishermen. M r Graves intend to take steps to put down the | practice. Commodore Erskine, of the Sydney war steamer Nelson, paid a great compliment to the men employed in docking his vessel ou Thursday, at the Graving Dock, at Wil liamstown. Mr Graves stated that the dock ing could be satisfactorily accomplished by 30 of the dock hands, 15 on each side of the vessel, provided that none of the crew weie allowed to land or interfere with the operation. The commodore agreed to the stipulation, and the docking was carried out with [safety and celerity by the 30 dock hands.' Commodore Erskine stated that in England the work would have required the services of no fewer than ISO men. In our report of the recent concert at Mor risons, in aid of the ioeal cricket club, men tion was omitted to be made of Miss Mit chell and Mr and Miss Ridgway, who con tributed very materially to the success of the evening's performance. Cobb's Coach and Railway Guide for tho | current month contains the usual quantity of valuable information for travellers. The Illustrated, Australian News, jnst issued, contains a fine colored supplement of tbe Flemington racecourse on Cup day, a good portrait of " Assyrian," and a number of other pictorial representations of interest ing events in connection with the great racing carnival. We have received the thirtieth annual re port of the Australian Alliance Assurance Company. It shows a surplus on the j'ear's transactions of £39,140, of which sum £20,675 3s lOd has been added to the life fund, which is now to £178,240 19s 2d. The- steamer- Edina will not make her usual trip to.Gcelong to-day. Next .Thursday the steamer Alert will make a pleasure excursion to Melbourne, via Portarlington,: leaving Geelong at a quarter past eight o'clock in the morning. The electors of the South-Western Pro vince will be addressed in the Town Hall, this evening, by the.hon. F. Ormond. This, evening a meeting of the Corio Bay Rowing Club will:be. held at the Victoria Hotel. : ■ ; : Accounts against the ship Ben Voirlich must be lodged before noon to-day with the agents. Tho annual meetings of tho Geelong West Borough, and Bannockburn and Barrabool Shire Councils will be held at noon on the 21st inst. ' 