CONSEOEATION OEDE. DUNNE. .. An event whioh has boon anxiously looked forward to for some timo paBt by tho Catholics of. Brisbane and surrounding districts took placo yesterday at St. Stephen's Cathodral, . This was the consecration of Dr. Dunno ns Bishop of the BriBbano diocese. Tho ceremony tool; placo at half-past 11 in tho morning, and-. notwithstanding that tho day was cold and. wet,' and that a ohargo was mado for admis sion, tho cathedral was filled to overflowing long before the hour fixed for tho consecration. Nor was tho congregation entirely composed of Oatholios, there being many Protestants in tho Ohuroh, While the Archbishop, bishops, and other churchmen were assembling in the saoristios, tho congregation had plonty of op portunity to admire tho vory striking ddoora tions of the high altar, the tasteful work of the Sisters of Moroy. The wall, to a considerable height, was hung with heavy orimaon drapery, Viith a suitablo legend in Latin embroiderer! along the top, whilo flowers were disposed about with great taste, and numerous candles shed a religions light around, the whole effacfc beirjg striking in the extreme. The altar space was covered with a handsome Brussels carpet presented by a number of ladies. The ceremony,, which lasted from half-past 1 1 until 3 o'clook, was most imposing, notwithstanding that the mnsio, though undoubtedly good, was not of so »triking a oharaoter as was expected from so excellont a choir as that of St. Stephens. This was, we believe, owing to the musical programme having beon changed almost at tho last moment. The consecration was performed by Arohbishop Vaughan, who, we regretted to notice, did not appear in suoh good health as when ho was lust hero. The Archbishop, who was magnificently enrobed in green vestments, and bearing a gold mitre and crazier, was assisted by Fathers Canuli and Oammings. The Bishops of Maitland and Goulburn, who wore white mitres, assisted tho Bishop elect, and tho Rov. Dean Dwyer noted bb Master of Ihe Ceremonies, atsiited by the Rev. J. J. Horan. At half-past 11 all eyes were turned towards the directions from whioh tho priestly proces ooesiona were to come, and tioao were soon seen issuing from the sacristies, nnd when tha whole body was congregated about the altar it formed a truly gorgeoua picture. Not the least noticeable amongst the dignitaries on the dais waB Dr. Cani, the Bishop of Rockhampton. After a short prayer, the A.rohbishop took a teat in front of the high altar, and then the two assisting bishops presented the bishop elects the senior assistant bishop making a short ad aresp. xce tier. ?-? '? x-reen reaa tno aposiouo mandate, and the bishop eleot took the. usunl oath, and then seated himself in the ohair pre pared for him.' ? Pontifical High Mass was then commenced, during which the bishop elect was conduoted by the assistant bishops to bis chapel, where his cope was removed, and he was vested with . sandals, pectoral oross, flowing ntole, tunic, dalmatic, chasuble, and maniple. He then proceeded to the altar and recited tho service of the Mass to tho end of the Epistle and Iraofc, after wbicb, the consecrating bishop, the other bishops, and the clergy bnoeling, nnd the bishop elect lying prostrate, the rich voice of tho arohbishop was hoard intoning the Litauy of the Saints. The next portion of tho ceremony consisted of tho anointing of tho elect, For this purpose the head of the elect was wrapped round with linen, while tho ' Veni Creator' was being Bung, sad the consecrating bishop, hav ing taken off his gloves, and an apron having baen laid over his knees, anointed the head of the bishop eloct who knelt before him. After thia ceremony, the consecrating bishop washed bis hands, and the service was con tinued. While tho anthom was being repeated the oonsecrating bishop resumed his seat and mitre, and anointed the hands of thoeleot, who WABkneelingbefore him withjoined hands, which wore then bound with liuon, Tho crozier having been sprinkled with holy water was placed by the Archbishop between the fingers of the elect, tho ceremony, with a slight variation, being repeated in conneotion with the episcopal ring. Next, the oonsecrat ing bishop took the Book of Goipels, hitherto held opon over the shoulders of tho elect, closed it, and presented it to the touoh of the newly oonBocrated, and then the new bishop received the kiss of peace from tho three prelates, and retired, accompanied by tho assisting biahope, to bis chapel, to have his head and hands wiped from the anointing chrism, and mass was ? . _3 i._ n. . ? J _£ ti ? _.«?.., ? rr\l . . ...t reuumeu tu tuo uuu ui tuu uuunurr. ±no next important ceremony was the offering by the newly consecrated of two loaves, two vessels of wine, and two wax torohes to the consecrating bishop, whose hand ho kissed. At communion, the consecrating bishop and tha consecrated partook of the eame host and chalice. After the communion the consecrated with the aasist ing biBhopa went to tbe gospel aide of the altar and continued tho mass with the conseoidting biBhop stationed on the epiatle Bide. Ait' r the archbishop bad bloesed the congregation, he blessed and sprinkled tho mitre, which ho then placed on tho hoad of tho now bishop, the blessing and drawing on of tha gloves followed, and then the oonsecrating bishop placed tho new bishop on his opisoopul throne, and tho choir sang with grand oQbct tho To Deum, during the singing of which the assisting bishops oonduoted the newly consecrated bishop round the ohurch, tho people reooivirg his blessing as he passed amongst them. After tho eorvioo had been further continued some time, the new bishop, standing in the centre of the altar, gave his blessing to the assembled people. Iho sermon wsb preached by the Right Rev. Dr. Murray, BiBhop of Maitland, who took for his text tho words taken from tho 20th ohapter of Acts, 20th verso — ' Take heed to yoursolves, and to your whole flock, wherein tho Holy Ghost has pledged Bishops to rule the Church of God, which he had purchased with his own blood.' At tbe olose of the ooromonial Bishop Dunne unrobed and returned 'to the ohuroh, when a large number of the congregation had the oppor tunity of kissing his episcopal ring. The Evening Seevioe. At tho evening service at St. Stephen's Cathedral the nowly-consscratcd bishop ap. peared in full canonicals, and assisted in the soivioe. Arohbishop Vaughan preached an proceedings of tho morning. ( We must not omit to mention that the verf valuable jewelled mitro nnd silvor gilt crozier, gold oross and ohsin, with whioh the now bishop was invested during the ceremony of conseora tion, wore presented to Dr Dunuo, ut Dara, on Saturday afternoon, by Dr. O'Doherty, on behalf of a large number of influential Oatholios. 