CHATS Oir COMING EVENTS. Br "Tori Clla." No. 3. Talk and Tips Anent the Australian Cap, Newmarket Handicap, aud Minor Events of the V.B.C. Meeting. " Once more unto the breach, dear friends 1" —Skaluiqvore, Haying already written a couple oi Urnriby articles on tbe horses engaged in the princi pal two-year-old and three-year-old events of tbe present meeting, and those to do combat to-morrow in tbe principal item of the programme, there is no occasion to again go singly through the lengthy list of animal engaged in tbe various races to be decided, as m'Jbt of thera have either " shown their bauds,' or else have afforded us some line through their stable companions, or from tbe monetary support beiug awarded them. To keep going on perpetually with the <-ame old yarn of past deeds aud present comparisons every time the same hordes are prominently engaged is a wearying task to both writer and reader ; nor can the latter expect to gain any useful information unless something fre.-.h be brought forward in the way of engagiug immediate interest. TVhen it comes to the " last pluck," from being eo close to the moment of actual competition, the public are generally more satisfied with the boldly declared opinions of practical lurf scribes, than if these " hum aud ha," and beat about Ibe bush, as if striving rather to And an apology for having ventured on per sonal rf'W-7 than to take thodaringelandtnoir experience and observation entitle them to assume. A certain learned Chief Justice, when a junior judge commenced to explain to buu why he had given a certain decision in a knotty case brought before him, i? said to have thus addressed him, viz. : — "Brother B,, be content with giving your public rulings — but, for God's sake, wituhol ' your private reasons!" Acting on Ibis advice, therefore, it is my intent to be as terse in my gossip as I shall be firm iu my advice, I shall, therefore, cursorily run through the leadiug items of the programme for to-mor row and Saturday, making a few passing comments on the way, and then wind up br giving my simple Tips uuder the heading of each race. The two miles HurdleHvndicapto.uiorrow ha< been framed ou a high scale, and some of those engaged arc therefore relatively bfttcr in than they appear atr fir-t glance, nevertheless, it seem- to me that from Handy Andy, 12s«. 71b.. down toGanie, 11-t. 31b., will no', aooopt. Of those below, al-o, wry few are likely to start, the field prob ably being made up of Z.mga. Krce, Fusilier, Black Priuco, Charcoal, Beauf'jrt, aud Cunrie. The Coriothian Cup will also be reduced, those most likely to carry tbe silk jacket of their gentlemeu jocks living Sir Peter, Dhurrioghile, Handy Andy, Buzza, Rhea, T am worth, and Whisper, and the winner should noine from the tup weights. Toe Australian Cup next engross attention, aid iu sober reality scarce a dozen of the thirty now left in ought to fuce the flag, and it is likely the list may have hit some of the number by eleven o'clock to-day — when payments nro due — end that u few more may retire to-morrow. Perhaps aleo, amongst these may be found the names of one or two which will create a little astonishment. Tbe total at the ) 'i-t is likely, however, to be close on 20, and (hi figure will, in all probability, iuclude Wellington, First Water, BelUdrura, Suwarruw, Odd Trick, CoricUnuf, Sauntorer, Crystal, Blue Ribbon, Sweet William, Wveu, Poliio, Narrabri, Ehinore, Mameluke, and Duchess Sitae of the>e have not a ghost of a show, in toiler truth ; hut certain owners havo such various and curious reasons for pulling their horses out that they will be stiipp'-d ju«t "to oblige Benson." Those amongst the above who will fill the front rank up the straight, and furnUh the eventual placed irio, to iny thinking, are Suwarrow, Sauulcrer, Sweet William, Poliio, and Narrabri ; aud it- will be seen below bow I fearlessly put three of tln-se in (ho order I expect them to finish.- Wellington is wiped out as too stale'; Courtenay as over-weighted and over- dist&nred; ; First Water as not being over well in at Set . bib., and also because of that uiyatery about him, which, to me, is never a good sign ; Hesperian, because, to my judgment, two miles and a quarter is too far, and he looks none too firm 5 Bclladrum, because his 6tablc have made uo eign us they should have done if their "trying tackle" had satisfied them ; Suwarrow, because his staying the last quarter or half-inile seems dubious, as he lacks muscular development ; aud tbo others for sundry- and divers causes not worth tbe trouble of narrating. If there be a bit of " throat cutting " in the early portion or the middle of the race, the light weight on 6uch an animul as Narrabri might bring bitn to the front at the distance ; and I thought the eaine of Wceu's chauce until his recent gallops at Flemington, aud of Mame luke until his recent disappointing his party up-country. The Grand Stand Stakes can only be a match between Darebin, Com motion, Batiiuret, and Drummer, provided tbey be all sent ; and a grand set-to the first three would afford. The Nursery Handicap is on a heavy calculation, though necessarily eo to allow the bottom weights a chance; but I decline to " waste powder " hy analysing the probabilities, ns the only time to take these into consideration is when "the numbers are up." On the third day another of these N ursery Handicaps opens the ball, and must be pasted over as an "unknown quantity." The New- ; market Handicap then engrosses attention, and this six furlongs llntteri6 undoubtedly tooopen and too difficult a race to be taken seriatim et verbatim. Just ae >? the Australian Cup my pen has daringly discarded a large proportion of the paper sspiraate, so do I ruthlessly wipe out three-fourths of those in tbe printed nominations — though expressing an opinion that from 25 to 30 will doubtless be marshalled by Mr. George Watson ; and a nice time of it some of these will give him before he is able to despatch them on anything like eren terms. None of those at the immediate head of the list strike me as likely to make a bold front at the finish, and my friends must be content with the " bunch " without re spective criticisms, as the flukes attendant on an event of this class — with so many lacing the flag— do not justify a serious compari son of individual merits. Those who may reasonably he expected to show prominently; when well on their legs, are Batbnrst, Somerset, Derpent, Sir Joseph, Josephine, Surrey, Verdure, Tumult, Anreola, The Ghost The Drummer, Cremorne, Venture, Tyropeau, and Corinne; whilst the half- dozen I most fancy" to furnish tbe nearest lot to the judge's box are Bathurat, Somerset, Sir Joseph, Surry, and Tumult— but not in the order named, as my final selec tion will presently show. The Town Plate will likely give us a grand struggle between Progress Commotion, Pell Jlell, Sweet William, and Bolliurst ; andif iliasc meet the sight to genuine racing men cannot but be tenfold as interesting as the lottery of a handicap. The All-aged Stakes of a mile has two-yesr-olds amouget its entries, and one of these should win it. The Steeplechase w another event for which. I am not afraid to name a winner, though objecting to "argue the poiut"; and of course thoro can bo nothing for mo to sty anent the unmade Three and Four-year-old Handicap, which concludes tbe programmo. Having thus gone somewhat cursorily, botatill with quite sufficient minuteness to suit all necessary purposes, the following are my TIPS TOB THE TWO RATS. To -Morrow. HURDLE RACE. Charcoal or Fat'dicr CORINTHIAN OUT. Sandy Andy . . . . . . 1 Sir Peter or DhurringhUe . . 2 AUSTRALIAN CUP. SatmUrer . . - . . 1 Sweet William . 2 Poliio 3 Cockboa f— Narrabri. I consider Saunterer the best conditioned horse at FJeminto.i ; and as Hales rides Sweet William hf ..ughtto just manage to repeat his defeat ot Poliio in the Brunswick Stakes. GRAND STAND STAKES. Darebin .. . . . . 1 Commotion .. .. ..2 Baihurst . . . . . . 3 SATCHDAT. NEWMARKET HANDICAP. Surry .. -.1 Sir Joseph .. .. ..2 Tumult or Bathurst . . . . 3 Cockboat -Cremorne. TOWN PLATE. GuMHiofioH or Pell Sell 1 Sweet William .. ..2 Bdthuret .. .. ..3 Progress is left out under the idea that, in his present lack of cosditioo, the stable will cot care to place a heavy pwualty ou his back. ALL-AGED STAKES. Sozigator ... ... ... 1 Solitude ... ... ... 2 A1wst6 providing the pair, or either, start. STEEPLECHASE. jAicy or Gazelle. 