TO THB EDITOE OF THB ABGTJS. Sir,—When our Lord declared that "till heaven and earth pass away, one jot or one tittle^ shall in no wise pass away from the law till all things be accomplished (Matt v., 18,) " he meant the law generically, and not specifically as the law of Moses. This must be true from our Lord's own words in Matt- si. 13, " For all the prophets and the •law' prophesied until John." This is still more clear from the parallel passage in St. Luke xvi. 16, " The law and the prophets were until John. From that time the gospel of the kingdom of God is preached, and every man entereth violently into it. But it is easier for heaven and earth to pass away than for one tittle of the law to fall." Now, what law must this be which cannot fall ? The law of Moses, which he had come not to destroy but to perfect, had given way to the " gospel of the kingdom," and had been abrogated by being perfected and fulfilled. Hence the promise could not apply to it, and therefore we pass from the generic use of the word "law" to the specific "law of Christ," which had superseded the law of Moses, and which was never to fail. If his lordship will read A Lapiie further down, in loco citato, he will see this, and he will find the learned exegetist quoting another strong test iu confirmation, " Heaven and earth shall pass away, but my words shall not pass away." (Matt. xriv. 35.) And in this interpretation J. Lapide is followed by Maldonatus, Menochus, and the Catholic commentators generally, all of whom followed St. Thomas, who, in his turn, quotes Ireneus, ChrysoBtom, Augustus, Atbanasius, &c.; (see Maldonatus on the text.) • May I remind the bishop that I did not quote, but replied to, the instance of the "lunatic of Hanover-square," and in this reply I did not give my own judgment but the sacred Scripture, to justify prayer for rain. That scientific men cannot understand how God can overrule the order of nature, I cannot help; but that they know more truth 1 than God Himself, who . has created nature, or (than the Holy Ghost, who inspired St. Paul, seems to mo a very hazardous speculation. When his lordship told me what he meant when he prayed, I took exception, to his narrow conception of prayer, that it was only eucharistic or thanksgiving, and not impetratory. His own quotation will strengthen thoBe cited by me from Matt. xviL—" How much more shall your Heavenly Father give the Holy Spirit to them that ask Him." (Luke xi., 13.) Therefore, then, we shall obtain even the Holy Spirit by asking Him. And if we shall not ask we may not receive; " Hitherto have ye asked nothing in My name; ask and ye shall receive, that your joy may be fulfilled." (John xvi., 24.) Itis quite true that the Holy Spirit is promised to those who ask Him ; but surely there is not in the text "an authoritative interpretation of what the good things mean, and much less is there a limitation of them to " spiritual things," to the Holy Spirit with all His blessed fruits of love, joy,, peace, &c.; The very form of ; the.- phrase contradicts, this; "How much more" implies only , greater willingness on the part of God to grant this gift than any other. It is quite true that the Holy Spirit contains all gifts and graces, virtually and eminently, as theologians apea&, but not materially and quantitatively. If ""Srary of God is only spiritual, what becomes o¥'"th0 dail^ bread?" And if the Holy', Spirit' by His presence imparts bveiything else, why then pray for anything else? What men may thinker Bay about the eflkaoy of prayer certajfaly: does not inalidate the words of fiodptare or destroy it j effect., If people , will rnot have patieace with God when MO withholds Hip favours, , ftey remind one of Xerxes lashing tho Hellespont to allay the-storm. That people would have understood his lordship to "expeot God to grant rain" out of the order of nature is assuming the principal point of the whole case. Most people, nearly everybody, would have believed it to be the meroiful exercise of a beneficial nower, whioh is BO regulated and so ordained" as to include all such contingencies in its apparent variations. Doctor Moorhonse would exclude " such passages as belong to the miraculous cycle of the New Testament." Now, what authority has he for doing this? There is no warrant for it in the inspired book'itself. If the cycle has'a limited circumference, where or when is the limit ? Are we not told in the sacred volume that even at the end of time, when Antichrist shall come, he shall perform such-signs and wonders as to deceive, if possible, even the elect. ShaU not the false prophets'plead at the last day that they have cast out devils, and prophesied and done many mighty works in God's name. And if they, being evil, know how (to give good gifts, how muoh more shall our Father who is in heaven " give good things to those who ask him?" (Matt. vii. 11.) If his lordship "believes in the possibility of variation from the natural order." I presume Almighty God knows best when and how these variations may properly ooour. I regret that the good bishop thought it necessary to complain—very gently indeed-*- of abusive insinuations. They were intended not as abusive but suggestive; notas declama^ tory, but deprecatory. As to my motives, I must leave these to each one's individual judgment, mindful of the truism Qui s'excuse, s'accuse.—Yours, &c.;, P. J. SnATTHEY. St. Mary's, Geelong, 3rd April, 18S2. In the following, paragraph, which is only a portion of a long letter from Dr. Moorhouse which appears in the Argus of Wednesday, his Lordship retires from the controversy with Archdeacon Slattery :— TO THE EDITOE OF THB ARGUS. Sir,—I have no desire to continue a wrangle with Archdeacon Slattery on the meaning of certain texts. He seems to think that, by calling a particular form of law the " Mosaicgeneric " law, he can persuade sober theologians that our Lord meant by the law and the prophets what no one else meant by them, and what He knew that His hearers would not understand by them. That seems to me to be a desperate enterprise. Again, when one passage of Scripture contains an ambiguous word, aiid a parallel passage contains an explanatory word, he will find, I think, that moBt Scriptural students think the latter a bettor and more authoritative interpretation of thb'former than any moderti expositor is likely to suggest. Once more, if I am asked why I do not believe in this continuance of miraculous agency, I reply, because as a matter of fact it has ceased these very many centuries. I know of no valid proof of any such miracles. Arch> deacon Slattery will, I know, refuse to agree with me in this statement, but at least ninetenths of the civilised world, including many devout servants of God, are of my opinion in this matter. All this, however, is but la re-traveraing of well-trampled ground, and! should not have replied to Arohdeaoon Slattery but that I wished to say a few words upon the address of the Rev. A. J. Campbell, which seetnB, but only seems; to open new territory. 