TURF NOTES. By a Tout. Emphatically the life of a tout, viewed from, either a business or a social point of view, is not a happy one. Regarded as a business, it involves much, hard work and great self-denial, is only of a temporary nature, and is verv badly paid. Considered socially, it is — well, a complete failure. No one, I suppose, ever takes to touting from an innate love of horeeBesh — no, indeed ! The man who tries to earn a few pounds in this way is generally some broken-down 'welsher,' or disqualified jockey, or not unfreqnentiy some done-up ' Corinthian.' What has a tout to do to earn his money? Well, I will tell you. Generally speaking he has to rise before sunrise, however much he may be disinclined to turn out ; then he has to 'plod bis weary way' to the exercising ground, and, after having carefully conceal ed himself from observation, he has to be ou the ground, with an opera-glass to his eyes, waiting to see the ' noble animals' take their morning exercise. As the horses are almost invariably clothed it requires a good judge to ' spot ' the right ones, the more because those beggars, the trainers, do all they can to deceive poor us. Woe betide us, however, if we happen to be caught watching the horses by either owners, trainers, jockeys or helps. In that case the wretched tout has to run for it, for if he be caught he will be hustled, kicked, and beaten by the infuriated ' lovers of sport,' his glasses will be smashed, and most likely he will receive a most imperative invitation, framed in the most blasphemous language, to take a ' wet,' not a ' nobbier,' you understand. Oh no! but — a sound ducking in a horse-trough or under a stable pump. Such is the life of a tout in the ot&er; colon ies, but candour compels me to acknow ledge that in Western Australia we are not so much despised and hated, and conse quently we fare the better. In fact, this colony is behind the age. Here we have not yet arrived at that pitch of civilization when 'nobbling' a racer, or wrecking a train to kill ' the favorite,' are considered by racing men to be feats of genius ; nor are trainers in Western Australia yet compelled to spend the night in the loose box with their horse, with dark lantern in one hand and ' six-shooter' in the other, and a pure-bred rose bull-dog, of fiendish ferocity, chained to the door. Thus, looking upon the bright rade of the matter, thought I might as well earn a little to wards providing my Christmas dinner by furnishing some information about tbe horses which are now in training for the approaching races, and therefore I visited the Course on several mornings, and now forward you a few hastily- scribbled notes, promising that if you insert them I will furnish you each day with the latest equine news. I regret to say that two casualties have occurred this week to as many well-known racers. On Wednesday morning Patter broke down. It is the old tale — a severe iniurvtooneof his fetlocks. Mr. Osborne certainly deserves the sympathy of everyone at this unfortunate accident, as his horse bid fair to be a hot favorite for the Queen'e Plate — some metallicians considering that he was a ' moral' for this race, but it is extremely improbable that Patter will start. Unfortunately a few days ago Mr. Leeder's Richmond sustained an injury. I am, how ever, glad to say that it is by no means severe, and there is but little doubt that he will be able not only to start but will also occupy a very forward if not the first posi tion upon the eventful day. On Thursday I saw Mr. J. F. T. Hassell's Roseberry on -he Course. He is certainly a fine-leoking ;»n'»'i»V, and evidently possesses immense power. His performances this morning gave very great satisfaction to those interested in him, and the almost uni I versa! opinion of those who witnessed his galloping was that he will be a very likely horse to win the Maiden. A long string of horses appeared on the Course on Friday, and they were put through several canters and gallops. Rose berry attracted a good deal of attention, and his rapidly-improving condition seems to satisfy his friends and admirers. As all the animals have hardly got into ' shape' yet, it would be not only useless but actually misleading to chronicle their separate per formances just now ; but in s» few days' time I will give you all the necessary par ticulars, bo that the public may know how each horse is doing. The Canning Races will be held on Wednesday next, the 27th instant, and I shall send you a complete list of the entries, together with my ' tips,' for the benefit of those who wish to lay money upon the different Races. I am glad to say that Mr. Leeder's horse is rapidly recovering from the injury it lately received, bat am very sorry that no hope can be entertained of Patter contest ing the Queen'e Plate. On Friday the entries for the various events of the January Races were received at the United Servict Tavern Hotel, from eight till ten o'clock. A great number of persons interested in the Races kept drop ping in and out during the evening, and the general drift of the conversation was of the Turf, horsey. But little reliable news, however, was to be gathered from the fragmentary and somewhat desultory I conversation indulged in — the majority of the visitors being apparently more bent upon quenching an almost- illimitable thirst, provoked by the eulty heat of the weather, than upon caring to excite themselves to a still higher temperature by discussing the merits or demerits of the various horses. I gathered, however, that the general opinion is that Belle Mahone has been overweighted in the Selling Race, and therefore will not stand 'a ghost of chance.' The lists were closed sharp at ten o'clock, and through the kindness of the courteous Secretary (Mr. R. A. Sholl) I was able to obtain a correct list of the entries, which is as follows: — Maiden Plate: Highland Mary, Squatter, Roseberry, Khedive, Hero, Hermit. Town Plate: Oymbeline, Rose berry, My Lord, Rocket, Hero, Hermit'. Selling Race: Belle Mahone, Whirlwind, Bishop, Flying Jiir, Greyhound. The Forrest Cup: Prophet, Young Fireworks, Richmond, Iiowlander. Metropolitan Handi cap: Flying Jim, My Lord, Roseberry, Cymbeline, Rocket, Khedive, Hero, Hermit. Ladies' Purse : Flying Jim, Tonng Fire works,- Rocket, Richmond, Roseberry, Scan dal, Hermit; Lowlander, Khedive. City Purse: Highland Mary, Squatter, Whirl wind, Greyhound, iTaqBamjin Queen's Plate: Prophet, Belle Mahone, Young Fireworks, My Lord, Rocket, Richmond, Hero, Scandal, Roseberry, Lowlander, Hermit. As there is no law of copyright in this colony the weights will not be published until the morning of the first day of the meeting, in order that the 'correct cards' published by the Club may not be pirated by any unprincipled person. In consequence of the previous day's heat, and the thunderstorm which occurred early in the morning, I did not go out to the Course on Saturday, therefore have not anything more to report now. Saturday mjrning. 