[?] ULSTER FOLK-LORE. TIIE QREKDT EYE AND THE EVIL EYE- . The collector of folk-lore In Ulster finds many superstitions brouRht. from Scotland by the settlers, ns well as legondn and fancies peculiar to the Ir}»h population.' The latter co^nlot principally of fairy Isles and ghost storiei, many of them very poetioil and graceful ; and tho former chiefly of supersti tions regarding good and bid luck, and tales of witchcraft, which ate moro weird than poetioal. Bat us the two raocs have mingled in tha course of thrVe eonturles, io their folk-loro hn- lost something of its distinct character istics, thoutih preserving them in the main. Thus the Presbyterian will sometimes tall of hia adventnro with the fatrieB, and the Roman Oaitholio will assure you that the butter has been spirited out of bis ohurn by a ' wltoh-wife.' Most old , and middle-aged people of 'the cottier class in Ulster have strong ide«a on the subject of luck. . To enter a home where ohurning is in progress without, warning your,h»nd«, taking the churn-Blaff In them, and 'giving the churn a brashi' Is thought the acme of. ignorance; and on leaving the house it is de rlgueur that you Bhould say, ' (God bless your, churn, an' gio you tho good ol your milk an' butter.' If a ielgh hqnr comes Into borrow a coal or tnrf, and neglects tbls formula, he lays himself open to the worst suspicions, and the people of the house will be sure to throw a pinch ot salt into the chnm at soon as his back is tnrnoj. To receive alms without bleBsing both giyer and gift iB considered very wrong. The present writer was in her kitchen lately when a beggar waB helped by the servants, and Bhe was surprised to Bee tbe cook run after the woman and bring her back. Tho cook explained the proceeding thus. ' She took we'er meal an' praties, ma'am, an' Bhe didna bid God bless we'er house an' place. She'll just bless the house an' plaoe before I let her go.' _ A certain' old pedlar, a kind of Edie Ochiltree, weloomed alike in cabin and farmhouse For hiB story- telling powers, was g'ven a little jugful of sweet milk one day, with whioh he was leaving the house much pleased. Two children ran to tho door aa he crossed the room, and startled him bo that he let the jug fall. His joy was turned into lamentation, and he angrily oomnlainad that the children had ' blinked' his milk. He thinks it lucky to meet a horse and cart when he is setting ont npon a journey, and will wait, leaning his paok against a ditoh, for an hoar until one appears in sight. He earns all the tobacoo he amokoa by oaring elf- shot animals, and his skill is widely believed in. The Down and Antrim peasants on their way to fair or market will tnrn baok if they meet a red- haired woman. The people of Tyrone and Armagh think it quite as an luoky if the first person they encounter should happen- to be a barefooted woman. Others are uneasy if anybody runs aoross their path, or takes a short cut ; and others again are miserable if a neighbour should make any lemark abont the animal they have parohased, without praising it and wishing the owner luok of it. Did people Bay that the proper thing to do on meeting a fine horse or aow is to lay your hand npon it, saying, ' Dear, but thon's the purty horBe or oow 1 God gie you luok wi' it',' ? . In some oounties no well-minded persons will .make any remark whatever about any neighbour in his or her preBenoe without adding, ' God blesB you.' This ouatom has referenos to belief in a greedy eye. There are people by whom it ia not good to be admired. .The fate of Bonnie .itosie. Carlin is still told in Letterkenny with, sighs and ahakea ef tbe head. Rosie was standing at her father's hearth when a poor farmer from a distant parish came in to bpg a little seed corn to sow bis land. He was given what he asked, bat he still- stood at the door staring at Rosie and muttering, 'Ddar. but sho's handsome — dear, but she's handsome I' but as her parents after wards remembered, withont saying, ' God bless her.'' Tho. sequel to bis admiration was most disastrous. Rosie liad been plump and strong, and rosy like her name ; she began to piuo away from that moment, lost flesh and colour, and' died soon afterwards. Wo asked the woman who told this Btory why the poor farmer's glance .had been so fatal. . : ' He was one that had a greedy eye,' wob tho answer. ' There's them that has a greedy , eye ; an' if they look at a nice wean, or a handsome girl, or a cow wi' a good bIIow of 'milk, some ill will be sure to follow ; an' it'll be no fault of theirs for they canna help it. It was the fault of .their mothers for halE weaning them an' then giving the breast back' to them when they pried an' fretted an' kept them frae their sleep. There's plenty of mothorB dooB that, an' the poor ohild has a greedy, eye ever after. 'There was a farmer, a very respectable man, a, neighbour ot my own; an' his wife wouldna let him eee his childer till they were six weeks old, his eye was that unlucky, an' bim that' fond of them' he was just doting about them. If the people wad meet him, an' them going to sell a boast, they'd turn baok, an' feeri' albargain they'd try to strike that day. TJiey wouldna like to Boe him cross their fields or look . at their crops ; but there was very little said about it, the. nian was that respeotable.' |A Kilmacrenan woman tells the follow ing story of another of these unlucky people : ''There was a man owned a good farm of land an' lived hot an' full. But it was noticed that things went wrong wi' him, an' he couldna look at a single thing he had without doing it harm. His. wife would ha' made him lie wi' his face to the wall till she riz the childer in tbe morning an'. give them their breakfast, for if he'd ha' looked at them an' them fasting, Boine thing unfortunate would ha' ocourred to them. It was the samo wi' his cows an', horses, till be . nearly Btopped going into his fields. Tbe woman was a second cousin of my own, an' she tould me how it waB he was cured.' Why, Bell, I did not think a oure was pOBaible,' There is cures, miss dear, an this was how it happened : He hired a boy frae the Sheriff's Mountain — they're very know ledgable in them, back countries — an' the boy heered the way it was wi* the master. He was ploughing soon after he oome, an' he sent for the master to see.what he had done. The man was na willing to come; but the boy sent again an' fleeohed him out, an' while he was ooming he set up a big stone in the field, for he knowed that the first thing the man's eye lit on wad be the thing trie ' harm wad 'be done to. Vifeel/aB' I was sayin', the master come' out, an' his eye lit on the stone first, an' it split in two wi' a loud noise. I ha' seen the stone mysel'— split in two paerts. The man was oured, ; an' his eye never did any harm after that.' ?J -The evil eye is.a very much worBe thing than the greedy eye, because it haa been gained by a compact with the enemy of mankind. t 'There isna as many witohes now as there used, to be in times gone by,' said an old man the other day. ?He possessed a fine cow, and over the rqom Uiat served him for a dairy he had nailed a .largo. horseshoe to keep witohes 'aijd fairies away. : Observing the horse shoe, and, knowing very well why it was .there, wp took tho opportunity of asking; if (V{tbhoraft was active in the. oountry just then.,, ' -' n i',There was witohes an' warlocks in plenty' when I ,was a. weeboy,' '. said Day io, 'but jhew ' iBna many o' ' them now. Maybe because the soriptures is spread abroad, nnd the people iana just as ignorant as they used to he. It's allowed the bad man hasna the same power. Will I tell you what happened, to my grand father's own knowledgo, at the graveyard wall, near St. Johnston ?' 'Please .do, Davie,' and we composed our features to the gravest attention. 'There waB an Ellie Connolly that had a bad name in the country, an' it was said abe*could tak' all shapes she pleased when eho-went out marauding an' stealing. Whilea she'd be a cat or a hare, an' suck tho cows in the byres or in tho fields. My grandfather wae acquaint wi' her, an often bo'd ha' gone into her houso for a lightfor the pipe. .'He was passing the graveyard- wall one evening, him an' a little dog he had, whon a cat leaped down frao the wall an' attacked his dog. She Bnarled an' scratched, an' barked, an' yelped: but my grand father seen that his dog waB getting the worst of it, so he aimed a stone at tho eat, an' she limped off mewing maist pitiful. i'.It was the next day , he waa passing Ellie Connolly's, an' he went in as usual for a orack an' .a light for the pipe. * VVhere'B your mother T' says he to the daughter that waB spinning in the kitohen. 'She's in the room there,' saya ehe. ' An' : why iB she in the xoom ?' sayd he. ' She's lying,' Bays she, 'it's just eick she is.' ' Waal's her sicknesa?1 saya he. 'I'll not ? tell you,' Bays she ; it's no business o' yourn.' 'Troth, it is my business,' says he, 'for your riiother an' me's very big. I be to ax her what way she is. The daughter tould him he wouldna eret seeinir her mother, an' she got up an' stood before the room-door, but my grandfather pushed her away, an' went up to the bed where Ellie was lying. 'What ia it, aila you, Ellie ?' says he. ' Sure yo u see I'm sick, Davie Dohorty.' 'Ay, but what ails you?' sayB he, for he juped (i.e. Buspected) what it' was, an' wi' that he pulled down the clothes an' seen that her arm was lying broken. 'What done that on you, Ellie?' says he- ' Oh, Davie . Doherty, Davie Doherty,' saya Bhe, ' weren't you the burdened muu to hit me wi' a uione an' break my arm ?' 'Why did you attaok my dog then, Ellie?' suya ho. Weel, she was forced to givu up her bad waya alter that, an' the neighbours got milking an' ohurning jp peaoe ; bnt there was nae mair plentinees in her houBe ; it was like other poor oottier houses in the oountry.' ' How did she get tho power to tnrn herself into a oat ?' we asked. . .' Some sayB,' repliod the old man, nib bing hia head and looking refleotive, ' that witohes touch tbeir heads an' the soles of their leet on Midsummer Night's eve, an' gie themBelveB np to the Evil One for a year an' a day, sayin' some worda o' a oharm.' Do you know the words ?' ' God lorbid, ma'am 1 Bat otbera Bays they go out _ on May morning before sunrise, an' trail a rope, made of hair frae the oows tails, over the graBs while the dow is on it, singing: 'Come ail to me, oome all to me, milk an' butler come to me.' 'Deed my grandfather seen them at it, an' he waa a man ' that wouldna ha' told a lie no more nor the alergy.in the palpit.' ' I'm sure of it, Davie. It was he who broke Ellie Connolly's arm, wasn't it ?' 'Ay, ma'am, it was. Ab I was eayin', he saw two auld wives, neighbours that he kuowed rightly, trailing a rope along the grass, an' he heered tbem singing : — ' ' Como all to me, oomo all to mo. Milk an* battor oome to mo,' ''Wonld youB steal weer batter ifrem ns ?' says he, an' wi' that he jampB over the hedge an' snatches at the -rope. He pulled an' they; pulled, -.an' half o' the ? rope oame away in hiB hands. The scare was that big on him that he didna stop to see what they'd do next, but home wi' the pieoe o' rope, an' throwed it down in a ourner o\ his father's house. The'd one cow near calving, an' itwas only a wee drop she was giving, but that morning there was a quare milking. My grand father was a_ wee ohiel then, but be minded it to_ his dying-day. He saw hiB mother fill piggin after piggin, an' pail after pail, till all the vessels in the house was full. She was quarely frightened, an' when he told her about the rope, she throwed it on the fire, for she said sh'o' ha' no witohes' work in that house.' Variations of the same tale meet us in every county in Ulster. Sometimes the witch is. hunted in the form of a hare for a whole winter. A large blaok hare bufflad: tho. Darry harrlerj lor an entire aeaion some years ago, and the country people said it was no wonder she eecapnd,- for aha was no real hare— she waa, old Fanny Oallsghaa, and the devil, helped her. , A white bare lived for many years on the island of Inoh, In Donegal. She disappeared . in 1858, the year Rose Martin, the 'white, wife,', died. Sometimes the bare is seen making her way to a cottage, and there the aoent is lost. The huntsman of the Tnllyahnan harriers is reported to have seen a hare. escape from tha very jaiffof the hounds and make for a hole in the wall of a cabin. -Unable to bellava bis eyes, and trembling with superstitions dread, the man dismounted and went Into the house, where he found no living creature; ol any disorlptlon excepting Dan Murphy, the shoemaker, lying on his bed panting, unable to speak tiom losa of breath, and bleeding from a , wound in his leg whioh looked like the bite of a dog. A county Antrim woman tells the fol lowing Btory ' Franois Dillon had three cows on his farm in Cushendall, an' one :o' them, the best o' the three, failed in her milk, an' not a drop could be got from her. Says the wee boy that herded the' beasts.: 'Master,', says, he, 'I see a white . oat sucking iMoiley- in the field.' Franois loaded his gun wi', siller,' an' watohed for the cat next evening. ,-Sure enough there she came, an' he fired an', wounded her, .but she was fit to make off. Francis was a man that bad a great skill in setting bones, an' he was sent for by the neigh bours aa regular aa the doctor. That' night there came an express for him to go to Rose Mullan that had got her log broke. (Rote was allowed to be a witch-wife frae Cushendall to the Giant's Causeway.) - When Francis heera.d that her leg was . broke, of course he knowed what , to think. Stys he, ' It was ma did you the injury, an' It's me you geb to mend , it,'. sayB he, an Rise an, her maa hadna a word to say.' . '? A poor trayeller looking for her bit' — i.e. a .beggar-woman-rtells th* followingstory. Trie narrator waa once a . servant in a lodging-house ;at Bandoran, a . fashionable watering-place, filled with bathers in summer; and BJddy Gallagher, j her cousin, was housemaid in the hotel next door. When the bathing, season .wis over, Biddy , remained . alone ; in the .hotel to take oharge . of. the premise's. , Her. wagas were good, but she.dlallked the loneliness of her fllf*, especially at . night, .when the wind blew off the ooeau and rattled every window. ?She dusted and cleaned, and lit fire's In the empty, rooms daring the day, and before retiring ,eaoh night 'she swept up the kitohen, made, a bright fire, and lets everything oomfortable there. One night, before she put. ont her candle, aho heard the hall-door open,, and, fall ol. terror, jumped out ot bed and ran to the head of the, stairs' to listen. There were many footsteps; in the hall,'-; and; many . 'voices were' tilking./ The voices were all saying. ' Good-bye, Miss' Gallagher 1 Good bye,'MiBB GaU&gher;, and thank you kindly for your -flre !' We're away to the county Cavan ; but you'll find, an oat-cake, . made . of tho best. , grain.' of 'Tyrone,' on your ' parlour-table. Eat' that to your' tea, an' good-bye.' Terribly frightened, Biddy ran baok to her rooni,.and there was .her. sister- Kitty, that was loBt one Hallowe'en, lying in her ?bed. 'Biddy!, Biddy 1' cried Kitty, start ing up, 'dinna taste their cake, or they'll have you away wi' them, aB they took me.' She disappeared as Bhe Bpoko; Biddy utterly refused to remain any longer alone, and her cousin, who tells the story, oame to keep her oompany. The gentle raoo, now banished from tho green banks of the Foyle, haunted that fertile valley some sixty years ago. It ? was in 1820 that' the m-Elhinncy family went to livo on a little farm botween ' Porthall .and Strahane, -in sight of the - . river. Joe M'Elhinney was a mischievous lad of sevonteon, and he soon becamo intimate with lads who were as fond of tormenting as himself. There was a stretoh of gravel for a short way along the . . Foyle, two or three fields below his house, and there the young girls -of the country used to bathe. When Joe and the other lads found this out, they made a practice 1 of hiding the girls' clothes, till at laBb two' girls were ''always, obliged to remain -- sentinels while the others bathed.- But one summer day the lads found no sentinels. Tbey peeped over the hedge, and saw all the girlsin the water. Maggie ? Lavens, with her floating yellow hair,' Jenny M'Bride, Ellen Morrison, towering ?.. , a! head above the rest,' and beside ' her:' ' little Annie Kearney, with her sparkling eyes and rosy cheeks. '''Av, there they are, and there's your' llate, eai£ Joe to one of his companions. ; The girls looked, up and 'laughed; then, taking bands, they danced about -In tbe .' witter, and at laab did what no i mortal girls, could , do— swam across the Foyls and were . . seen danoing on the Tyrone shore, very m'nch alarmed, the lads hurried to the different cottages in the' neighbourhood.' ' The girls were ail at their aplnnio'g-wheels— Maggie, the yellow-haired, little ? Annie ' ? Kearney;' Jenny M'Bride, end Ellen Morri son. ' 'It put us fromplaying a trick on anyone for many a day,' said Joe M'Elhinney, - looking aorora the Foyle with dim wistful - gsze at tbe milling cornfields of fair Tyrone. . We felt wistful, too, and would gladly have repeopled tbe gentle hills and broad river with the elflu race. ' Can you tell any other story about the Eoylo, Joe P' ' ' Do you know the Caatle of Montgavlin, ma'am ? I'll tell your ladyship what my mother seen there, for it was not in my time. When my mother was a wee girl, there wbb a mermaid lived in the river, an' on summer evenings she'd ha', sat singing on a flat Btane.nearthe edge of the ?water,' i 'What waa she like, Joe ?' i I don't mind.to have heered. I think she, was handsome, but her hair waa green.' . . Did she comb her hair? — SIq kiimmt es mlt goldonem Kamo, Und siDgt eln Liod daboi. - Bas.bat oltio wundorsamo - \ - Go'walt'go Molodio. ? f ' Eb, ma'am j what were you sayin' ?' I was speaking ahout a German mer maid, 'Joe. ' I never thought there -had '? been a mermaid in the Foyle.' ' 'Deed was there. The boatmen goin' up an' down in their lighters between Derry and- Strabane wad ha' seen her often. They called her Sheelah, an'lhere'a a deep pool near Montgavlin that they still call ' Sheelah'a Pool.' ' .' There was a Rhoda Gildea lived at the door wi* mymother, an' a harsh, ill-natured' ; body sho was. She went to draw water one evening, an' just out o' mischief she ' overturned Sheelah's atone. She thought the orathur didna eee her, but next day, when she came home from an errand to ' the shop, she found Sheelah in her kitohen, - putting her child on the fire. Rhoda let a - ory out of her, an1 ran to take the ohild off ' the fire, an' Sheelah went out at the door : an' down to the river, singing : . ' Whon 1 think on tny etane, ? An* yoa think on yoar wean, , Wo may wool speak and look, . ' But froens we'Jl e'en be nane.' 1 — All The Tear Bound. 