ODD NOTES. BY J. BOHEMIAN. (From Th* Week ) , The Warrego Land Grant Bailway Bui has been the ohiof topic in Parliament again this ?week. Although tho Premier achieved what he calls a 'great victory' by carrying tho second reading on a division with a mujorily of two, tho progress of tho bill in committeo was not satisfactory. Indeed, tho bost part of ono dav and nisht was takon up with discussing tho vory simple and technical preliminary motion, ' That tho preamble of the bill be postponed.1' The real fact is that a good many supportora of the Premier in the Assembly were not by any means as enthusiastically in favour of this measure as he was. They had no spare capital to embark in tho enterprise when the Australasian syndicate had got their bill passed and were ready to launch the ' spec.' on the money market. You seo this sjndicato did not propose, nor did tho agreement commit tnem to make thorailway themselyos. They were to form a company or get a company formed to do that afterwards. The syndicate merely secured by the bill the monopoly of making a railway in that direction on the conditions stated. Having secured that, they could sell this privilege to the highest bidders and retire with the pro ceeds and a fresh lot of speculators would then come on tho scene, or eoino, or the whole of the members of the original syndicate could stand in with the new company for a second division of profits. 'Well, tho3e among the Ministerial supporters who stood no chance of investing in this grand under taking felt rather lukewarm in promoting it. So did those who hold land under pastoral lease on the Warrego. They did not like the idea of having a company for landlords, instead o£ the Crown. To such an extent had this lukewarmneis extended in the Ministerial ranks by Monday last, that the Pre mier was obliged to call a cancus of his followers, and promise to accept amend ments within certain undefined lines, if they would only stick to him. and get the bill through this session. What conclusion, if any, was come to at that caucus meeting nobody but the privileged know. But the chances of whipping in the recusant followers were so ?small that when the Assembly met on Wednes day the Premier 'jacked up' the Warrego Baihray Bill for this session, and it is quite probable that this is the hist that will be heard of it for some time to come. Still, the prize to be won was well worth the most strenuous efforts to secure it. Those syndicators stood to make a million or two out of the bargain from first to last, without expending any of their own money, except for preliminary expensos and 'engineering' the bill through Parliament. See what comes of being on the right side in politics. On Tuesday last the Minister for Works obtained Parliamentary sanction to make a private timber-merchant in Bundaberg a railway into his own limber-yard, as a branch line of the Bundaberg and Mount Perry rail way. Mr. Macrossari said it would only cost about £635, which, according to the common rule of railway engineers' estimates, means that the job may possibly be completed for double that sum or £1.270. This is a mere trifle, of course. It will not amount to a farthing per head of the taxpayer* of the colony, and therefore not worth mentioning in that respect. But it is the principle of. tho thing that I look at. What a lesson it must be to Mr, Bettigrow and other sawmill proprietors, whose politics are of the wrong tinge. A branch line into Mr. Pcttigrew's yard at Brisbane when the Sandgate line is extended to Mooloolah, and *noth.er branch line to his sawmills at Dun dathu when the Burrum railway is extended to Bundaberg, would bo a grand, thing for him. In the same way, a branch line to Messrs. Birley Brothers' sawmills .at Kangaroo Point, and another branch line to Messrs. H'Ghie Xraya, and Co.'s when the Logan, Pirn poms, and Nerang Creek railway is made, would put untold gold into their pockets. And why should they not be able to look forward with confidence to being dealt with in the same kindly way as this Mr. Johnetona of Bundaberg, if they truly repent oE their political Bins, and unfeignedly believe in Mr.M'Hwraith and his Ministry ! And see what glorious prospects it opens up- to en terprising and smuggling men in all directions! laafc year there were two or three of the coal' ? mine proprietors in the Ipswich district put to enormous trouble and expense to get private bills passed to enable them to make branch Iine3 of railway of their own from their mines to the river or railway. All this would have been unnecessary if they had only waited until the new principle had been adopted) and they could have persuaded Mr. Mae crossan or Mr. M'llwraith to have applied it to them. I do not seo any reason why this Ministry should not stand in the relation of a sublunary providence to large classes of in fluential colonists who believe in them, and look up to them in unquestioning faith and trust — while, on the other hand, Ministers will be able to wreak vengeance on their adver saries with irresistible forco and effect. This simple motion, moved by Mr. Macroiian on Tuesday aftornoon, and carried without divi sion :-— That the'lTouseapproves of the plant*, sectious, and ?book oi reference o£ the Bundabcrg Hallway Wharf Branch, and tho extension to Johnston's sawmills, us loind oa the table of the House 2nd Ootobjr, 1832, has thrown quite a flood of new light on Queensland party politics. Lucky dog, that Johnstone ! During the past three or four months there liarve been several ship loads' of Scotoh immi grants landed here in Brisbane — the results mainly o£ Mr. G-. D. Busaoll's labours as emi gration lecturer in different parts of Scotland. JEine, healthy looking men, and big bouncing ? lasics these immigrants wore for the most part. But what struck me as peculiar was the anxious, 'dejected, disappointed look of nearly all the full grown (very full grown) girls. Lasses . from five feet eight to six feet ono or, two inches in height, and weighing probably from ?twelve to sixteen Btone each, might be seen in the street, or going about in the performance of their duties as domestic servants, with a downcast, wearied, hope deferred-sort of look, that fully convinced . the intelligent observer that there was a secret grief gnawing at their hearts — and 1 often wondered whut the mischief it could be. Because nearly all the good-looking, fully 'developed ones seemed to bo taken in tho samo ?way. I have found out the secret now. It is fully re-caled in the laat batch of Scotch newB jjipors to hand, containing reports of Mr. O \- J). Busaell'a emigration lectures. He soema to; ? lisve one- stuck lecture whieh ho repeats with very li'tle variation at each place he visits, and in this lecture ho always contrives to bring in tho following : — Tho ladies wore all taio to got married. Ho know of numbers of wealthy ?(matters, all fins felluwg, who wanted wlvosnail could not get thorn. They were piok&l; up afi fast as they came out. . : That 18 what is tho matter, I can sjmpathuo very heartily*, indeed with these poor Scotch girls, in what must bo to them a torriblo dis illusion onviandiug hero with Mr. Russell's statement Tinging in their cars night and day all the way ovor. What must bo tho feelings of a fourteen or fifteen stone Scotch lassie, with a handsome face, and a porfect'model of robust health and vigour, dreaming all tho way out as to which of tho crowd of fine healthy young squatters anxiously awaiting her arrival it would be best for her to ' forgather ' with — and on landing, instead of the orowd of fine fellows — squatters who wanted wives and could notgeUhem — sho simply found mistresses want inc domestic snrvant,9. find bunt uuon Betting tlwir money's worth of work out of them if the thing woro at all possible. Instead of hand some, healthy, young husbands, rolling in wealth, and waiting impationtly for the oppor tunity to deck them in gorgeous attire, and convey them in coaches to their mansions in the interior, they found nothing better for them than to engago as general servants, kitchonmaids, and tho like, and earn every penny before t'iey received it. And, after all, only a reasonable chance of, getting some decent mechanic for a husband I Oh, it must be a terrible awakening for the poor girls. I should not like to be in Eussell's shoes whon ho gets back to Brisbane, unless these girls have bad time to forget and forgive the wrong ho did them. I cannot too much admire the very fair and kindly way in which, during the past six or eight years, tho principal scullers of Now South Wales have divided the honours among them selves at different times, and so as to give the best possible chance to the professional mon who havo made books on the reBult of their matches. Sometimes Hush would win in such an unmistakable manner that the uninitiated woulj conclude that his antagonist had not tho ghost of a chance of ever again being on oven terms with him in any future contest, when, the very next big motch,' Bush would bo left half a mile behind by his previously vanquished antagonist. Tho same thing has happened again and again with. SedTrickott and Laycock. When these three scullers, or any two of them under take to row a big match, only the initiated can tell which will be Bhamefully licked by tho other. One of them is sure to suffer in this manner, and ba ready at tho end of the race to lay down a deposit to row the other for a big prize at an early date, which, if ac cepted, he mostly wins. This is where the fair ness comes in. I havo not east up their separate scores-, but I have a strong im pression that Bush, B. Trickett, and Laycock have beaten oach other about an equal number of times. I do not lay money on these matches — never seemed to care about it some how — but I felt pietty sure that it was Rush's turn to lick Laycock and Trickett into a cocked hat, metaphorically speaking, in the Punch trophy contests last week, and when I saw by the Sydney telegrams that long odds were being laid on Laycock, I felt quite certain that lie would be hopelessly out of the race. It turnsd out just as I expected ; and, as a matter of course, Laycock wanted to get another match on with Bush for £200 aside tho same night. ' Variety is charming.' If the best man was to always win, why the second best man would always lose, which would be very monotonous, and give no chance to- the men who offer odds. I suppose it is all right so long as the scullers understand each other, and the bookmakers are generous to the losers after oach race. ' ? 