LIVING OR DEAD.' Br 4,Atha." BOOK EL— LOVE AND WAE. Chaptbe III. — Te Ranga's Whabs. When Philip Qrmond awakened out of that stupor into which he had been thrown by the merle of his foes, he found himself lying full length upon a soft couch of skins, scarcely able to move. He was not in the bush, nor was it night. His power of vision, and, indeed, all his faculties, were so benumbed and stupefied that he oould not dearly make out the objects by whieh he was surrounded. There was one thing' that impressed itself upon his dawning consciousness, viz., that he was a prisoner in the hands of the Maoris. It stood out prominently in the long and painful dream he had undergone. By degrees his sight became stronger, his impressions clearer. Looking, round, he found himself the sole occupant of a long, low-roofed apartment, withont fireplace. The furniture — if it merited the name — con sisted of a table and some low seats, like stools, covered with qnaintly -devised patterns in coloured flax and beadB. Thick matting, woven from swamp rushes, lined the walls and eovered the floor ; while above him, on the rafters that sustained the roof, hung sus pended several meris, tomahawks, and a circle of feathered spears. .Philip Ormond had never been in a Maori whare before, yet he knew that this was one — and no common one either, to judge by the neat appearance of the room, and the peculiar carving of the legs belonging to the table and the stools, and especially by the garnishment bestowed on the matting and the Weapons of war. Turning from a survey of the place to his evm condition, he found his right arm bandaged from wrist to elbow. It gave him great pain when he attempted to move it. His head also presented the appeanands of the Grand Turk, for it was swathed in many f ;ids of cloth. His uniform was torn to siire3s. and his revolver case empty. Had the unfortunate captain been capable of thought at that moment, he would have regretted his stupidity in trusting himself to the tender mercies of the Maori girl, for it ought to have been plain to him that sbe possessed the hereditary instincts of her race, and hated the pafeeha in her soul. He lay there, utterly helpless, watching a streak of snniight, that had found its way through a chink in the door, playing upon the quaint tapestry on the wall and upon a pile of skins whereon a large cat lay winking and blinking at him. Within his confused brain, the devices on the matting took shape, and assumed the faces of people whom he had known, who grinned and leered at him in mockery. From this state he fell into a long and refreshing sleep. Some one singing outside the whare roused him. He sat up and listened. He had slept several hours, and felt much better. To Ormond's astonishment, , the song was an English one, and rendered in a somewhat ; shaky, but mellow voice, and in very plain English. What did it mean? Was there a Maori who understood English so well that he could render a song in the language like sn Englishman ? Before the captive had time to recover from his surprise, the form of a man darkened the low, narrow doorway of the whare. The intruder was tall, for he bad: to stoop as he entered, and he stood erect again when he reached the centre of the room. His hair was grey, and his beard, which extended over his breast, was of the same silvery hue, giving the old man the aspect of an ancient Druid. His face was dark, and furrowed with deep lines, — marks of care or thought rather than of mere age. His mouth, the most expressive feature on a rpan s face, was completely hidden by his thick moas- taohe. His dress was a medley, partly Maori, partly European— a coloured flaxen shirt and tamba, dark tweed trousers, knee- boots, sash, and long knife. He stood in the middle of the hut, with his hands behind his back, looking at the captain, but without speaking. Ormond gazed( at him from top to toe, then raised himself on his elbow. Was it yon whom I heard singing ?' be inquired. Yes, it was I,.' he answered, slowly, and m a soft, drawling undertone. Then you can speak English?' said the prisoner, eagerly. 'Of course. What do you require?' .he replied, in the same tone as before. 4 Pardon ine ; yon are not a Maori?' s 4 No. That is to say, I was not born of the race. Nevertheless, I am a Maori, if living amongst them for years, speaking their tongue, and having a liking for them, can make me one.' The old man seemed disinclined to be questioned further, but he promptly showed a willingness to attend to the wounds and cruises of the captive. Drawing one of the stools close to the couch, he sat down, and proceeded carefully to unfold the bandages. Your arm is not broken,' said he, after ex amining the limb. Indeed, I ought to be grateful, sir. Per haps you will inform me into whose clutehes I have fallen,' replied the patient, with biting irony. The old man raised his eyes Bharply to Ormond's face. 4 Your curiosity is before your judgment,' said he. It is quite natural to be curious, but it is dangerous in the whares of the Maoris, at a time Uk&this;, when there is war between them and the pakeha. What is your same ?' Now, I like that,' answered Ormond. You first rebuke me for being inquisitive, and con clude 'your caution by asking my name. However, I have no reason to conceal my name. It is Ormond — Captain Philip Ormond, Forest Rangers. Pray let me know yours ?' The dark visage of the stranger broke into a smile.. There was no mirth in it; no illumination of the deep lines with which the face was farrowed. If Philip Ormond could say it resembled anything he could think of at the moment, it was as a ray of moonlight streaming athwart the features of a corpse, 4 Sir, yon area true specimen of your race,' he answered, gravely. ( Allow me to examine our bruises without farther questions. Open your shirt, and take your arms out of the sleeves, that I may inspect your back. Nothing there but a bruise or two. You are whole so far. Pray remain as you are for a moment.' He went out of the hut, and soon returned with a calabash, containing a dark-coloured fluid, and some soft flax. He took a tuft of the latter and bathed the captain's wonnds with it, and placed the bandages as before. This kind of surgery was simple enough of itself, but it gave the young man almost immediate reliefs The effect produced re flected itself in the prisoner's face, and caused a return of jthat peculiar smile to the weather-beaten features of his companion. 4 Knowledge is power, you see. That way of dressing wounds is non-professional, most likely. Yet, in a case like yours, it is better than all the doctoring in New Zealand. You will be all right in a day or two. In the meantime, let me advise you to lie still, and do not attempt to pry into matters wbiohdo not concern you. The Maori is a strange animal. His eyes are keen, and- his ears sharp. Good-bye.' He turned to quit the whare, but Ormond called after him : ' Stay one moment, sir. You have been much kinder to me than I had reckoned. Favour me yet a little more, and. inform me where I am ?' ' This is Te Papa,' answered the old man ; 4 a Maori settlement. It belongs to one of the most powerful and warlike tribes in the island. This is the hapu of Te Ranga.' 4 Te Ranga ? The friend and confederate of that detestable villain, Tupo ? Nay, good sir, ifJE have been so unfortunate as to fall into such bloody company, I pray you, as a white man, give me 'the benefit of that knife in your sash there, rather than leave me to the fate and the death of a dog,' 4 Peace !' uttered the old man, in a whisper, but yet in a voice so fierce that it sounded like the hiss of a huge snake. 4 Are you so careless of your life that you must jeopardise it for a few empty words. Tupo is not here, but his friends and his spies are everywhere. Te Ranga is a great chief. . If he had decided on your death, your eyes would not have seen the sun to-day. Be warned.' , 4 Truly, the chief has been more merciful towards me than to many pakehas who have fallen into his clutches,' responded Ormond. 4 Perhaps so. Te Ranga has a daughter whom he loves. The young eaglet pleaded for your life.' Really, I am grateful to her for the boon ; but her clemency Eeems a paradox, alter betraying me into the hands of my enemies.' 4 You are mistaken,' answered the old man, with sudden vehemence. 4 Hene is incapable of such baseness. Had it not been for htr interference on your behalf; the warriors would have killed you on the spot, for you must be aware that it is not usual for Maoris 1 to take prisoners for the pUrpose of keeping them alive. Your instant death was a matter of absolute certainty, but for Hene.' 4 How came I here?' asked the captain, after a pause. 4 Upon the shoulders of Te Ranga's warriors. Hene had been to visit an old Maori lady on the Patea, and, finding she did not return, the chief despatched the party who captured yon to seek her. They must have thought you a great rangatira, for to convey a burden on their shoulders, or to 44 make a back" for anybody, is about the last thing you can get a Maori warrior to do ; but they love the child. Yet, what induced her to think of bringing you here, I eau't imagine, unless that, seeing you lie senseless, she could not leave you in the bush, where you might die of your wounds before morn ing. At her request I have attended you. But we need not talk any more at present. I fancy we shall have plenty of time for chatting by and by. In the meantime, you must be quiet, and get well. While you are under my care, no one will dare molest you. 4 You are Kiti, the Maori doctor ?' 4 1 am. This is my home, and the Maoris aremy people, and I am familiar with all their ways, and they trust me. I have spoken.' With these words, the old man strode out of the hut, closing the door behind him. Philip Ormond lay back upon his couch, and pondered over the events which had taken place within the last few hours. He was a prisoner, and, in spite of Kiti's protestations to the contrary, he believed he had been betrayed into tbe hands of the Maoris by tbe girl Hene. He oould not conjecture what might he involved in sueh a fate, — whether death, or a long confinement, or a mere adventure that might have some peculiar pleasures to com pensate for its inconvenience. From his helpless condition, the prisoner's thoughts wandered to the strange being who had just left him. Kiti was evidently an Englishman, but thoroughly acclimatised; there could not be a shadow of a doubt about it. He had shown no emotion at the sight of one of his own race — perchance the only one he had looked upon for years. Nay, he had been reluctant to tell his name, or to enter into conversation. The smile npon Ms face seemed but as a flitting ghost of some pain ful memory of the past> buried away some where within him. What sore affliction — what crime had this old man committed that he should have sought a home here in the wilderness with a savage race ? The captain's reflections were interrupted by the entrance of a Maori woman. She was stout and aged, and clothed in a long, loose eotton print of a brown colour, almoEt black in places with dirt. She was without cover ing either on the head or feet, and the only attempt at ornament was a green stone image worn about the neck. Her features were broad and large, and thoroughly disfigured with being tattooed. Most races have endeavoured to improve the human faee by disfiguring it, in which art „the New Zeaianders have outstripped them all by their painful custom of tattooing. According to tradition, the first settlers in New Zealand were nottattoced on their faces. But soon after their arrival the custom arose of blackening their features when -going to battle ; and, when wars became . frequent, in order to be always ready, Rewhari, a noted chief, suggested the idea of rendering the lines permanent. To tattoo elegantly is a difficult art, and good artists have a fame in New Zealand similar to our best portrait-painters in England. The implements required are a slight stict, eighteen inches long, for a mallet, and an instrument not unlike a horse lancet, which is pointed with bone or iron. The figure to be tattooed is first painted on the skin, and then tbe point of the lancet is dipped into a pigment of kauri gum and driven with the mallet sharply through the skin. This abominable process . is very painful, and many have „ perished under the operation; but, thanks to the . white settlers, the practice has almost dis appeared from among the Maoris of the present day. The native woman carried in her arms a wooden dish, containing yams and a large slice of pork, which she placed upon the table. Going out again, she quickly returned with a gourd of clear water. She pushed tbe table close to the couch upon which reposed the captive, and began to make signs to him to arise and eat. Ormond looked at her in amazement, but did not obey, whereupon tbe Maori caught him in her arms, and placed him bolt uptight before the smoking mess, and left him to enjoy Ms meal. Days rolled by, and Philip Ormond recovered rapidly. Yet he was kept a close prisoner, his hut being watched by a con stant guard. His only visitors were the Maori who administered to Ms wants and the old man, Kiti. Latterly, however, the doctor had been accompanied by the chief's daughter, Hene. The girl would enter the whare and place herself on a stool near the couch, and sit staring with her large black eyes upon the captive, but without uttering a syllable. Once, during the temporary absence of Kiti in search of some lotion, .Ormond placed hip self beside her, and attempted to 1 take her hand within his own but, to his " " J - - |, - - " " — " . surprise, Hene started back from him in terror, the rich blood mantling over her neck and face, and her lithe form quivering with emotion— a circumstance which plunged the captain into a brown study wfien be was once more alone. Chapter IV.— The War Dance. From the moment that Philip Ormond found himself a prisoner two ideas had possession of his mind, viz., that he would attempt to escape at all risks ; and, secondly, he would endeavour to learn something relative to the fate of Corporal Ball. To the accomplishment bf the latter, he, with consummate skill, introduced the subject to Kiti, bat that individual refused point blank to tender any information whatever. The captain was not a man to relinquish any .object he had made up his mind to ac complish. He therefore tried the daughter of Te Ranga, and was more successful in his inquiry. From Hene he learned that the veteran had been brought to the hapu in a very helpless condition through loss of blood, and that, by the attention and skill of Kiti, the old pakeha had almost recovered. The captain expressed a desire to share the same whare with his brother captive, and Hene promised she would use her influence to that effect. The captain felt more hopeful. If the Maori girl accomplished her mission, and placed them together, Ormond felt confident they could escape from the hapu. The cMef's daughter came every day to his whare, but she was 'no longer accompanied by Kiti. During her first visits, Hene had assumed a dignified reserve, but by degrees her coldness of manner had given place to a frank and cordial affability, which was very- charming. To do the prisoner justice, he neither sought nor shunned the girl's company, but he felt greatly interested in her, notwith standing. The ordinary Maori females are by no means attractive. Yet Hene was decidedly so. She had a slim, but well- developed figure, and though her skin was dark, it was not darker than that of many women of southern Europe. Her hands and feet were small, and models of beauty, while the magnificence of her long, glossy, raven hair might have created the envy of the loveliest belle. Nor was it only in regard to her outward appearance that Hene was attractive. Her intellectual character was replete .with interest. Familiar with all the ideas and habits of her own race, she acquired a knowledge of the English language suffi ciently to imbibe all the thoughts which a man like Kiti might convey to her mind in long association. The mental doubleness which had thus evidently grown with her growth imparted a peculiarity to her way of looking at things, and speaking of them, which caused her manner at times to appear odd ; but there was a freshness in her ideas, and a point in her questions, that rendered conversation with her uncommonly piquant. The prisoner and his visitor were both inquisitive in regard to each other's character and belongings, and it was quite natural that, under the circumstances in which he wss placed, Ormond should find her society enjoyable beyond all anticipation. Hene ' often puzzled him by the questions she asked. She had a keen sense of justice, and an equally een perception of the wrongs which she believed to have been inflicted on her race. She understood the teachings of the missionaries and the ideas of Kiti so far as to perceive clearly enough that there are certain principles inconsistent with Christianity and certain things utterly forbideen by it ; and yet these very principles she heard avowed, and these very things she saw done, by people who were called Christians. She had heard the missionaries tell the Maoris that it was wrong for fchem to fight, and it sorely perplexed her to comprehend how it was that pakeha Christians were such fighters. Another mental perplexity was the drunken ness she had witnessed at the settlements. Her face expressed the loathing with which she regarded the baneful and destructive habit. 4 Why do tbe pakehas drink, and go mad ?' she asked. 4 In every place you sell grog, the Maoris drink it, and then slay each other. Before the pakeha came the tribes had no rum ; now it kills many, many. It is very bad.' It availed the captain nothing to say that it was unfair to judge the colonists by the worst specimens of them, there being good, bad, and indifferent amongst them, as amongst her own people. 4 Yes, yes, I kuow,' she replied ; 4 but that not enough, if pakeha religion is better than Maori religion, it should make all the pakeha people better than the Maori. But many pakehas far worse than the Maori — much. 4 People cannot be made better by force,' rejoined Ormond, smiling. 4 What you mean?' she asked. 4 Pakeha religion say one thing ; pakeha people do another. I do not understand. What Maori religion say, and Maori people do, are same 'thing.' t, Quite so,' answered the captain. 4 The Maori religion is on a level with Maori manners and customs. But our religion is better than our habits, or our thoughts either, and Mr that reason there is a great difference between what we know to be right, and what we do.' 4 It is a mystery. I do not understand,' replied the girl ; and no doubt she spoke the truth. The Maori, like all who are accus tomed to the continuity of thought, feeling, and doing, which characterises mental life amongst the lower races, muBt find it exceedingly difficult to appreciate the dif ference between precept and practice, so common elsewhere. There was another matter in regard to which Hene showed great inquisitiveness. She wished to know if Ormond was married. The Maori was gazing down upon the matted floor when she asked the question, and did not observe the terrible look that suddenly came over her companion's fac8 at the inquiry. He did not answer her, and she looked up at him in some surprise. For the first time she noticed the ugly scar upon his .face, and, with womanly inconstancy, forgot her former question in a moment in her cariosity to know how and where he received the wound. He laughed at her, and evaded her ques tion ; but she proceeded in a circuitous sort of way to procure tbe gratification of her wish. Then began a bloodless duel between them of colloquial thrust and parry, which ended in her utter defeat, and she rose up and left him, with a pout upon her lips. Next day she came again to visit him, and brought with her a small wooden salver, curiously carved, on which there were several grains of coarse salt. Hene placed it on the table, and invited him to partake of the seasoning substance with her, wMch he did, and, when the ceremony was ended, the girl, placing her hand in his, told him that from henceforth she was Ms friend— his true friend, and that neither time, nor. place, nor peace, nor war, nor anything he might do unto her or- her race, could destroy the compact. She took from her breast a small eagle, fashioned out of the highly-prized greenstone, attached to which was a chain of costly beads. This she plaeed around his neck, and bade him remember her by that talisman. She threw open the door of the whare, and beckoned him out into the bright sunlight. The prisoner had been in close confine ment over a month, and the sudden transi tion from semi- darkness to the open light of day almost blinded him. A huge savage who guarded the door sprang forward to intercept him with his uplifted tomahawk, but he retreated at a word from Hene. Philip Ormond gazed about him in astonishment. The hapu or village consisted of over a hundred huts, built in two long irregular lines, on an elevated patch of cleared land about a mile wide, the sides of the hill Bioping gently down to the banks of the Te Honga River, which flowed almost round it in its tortuous course. Upon the cultivated patches in rear of the hapu, planted with potatoes ana yams, Maori women were at work, surrounded by dogs and screaming children. Facing the clearing, on the other side of the river, stood a conical- shaped rock, which rose sheer from the plain below, the top or apex presenting a fiat, even surface, about five acres is circum ference, and which had been a- il fully con- structed into a very strong and formidable pah. The spot on which the young soldier stood commanded a good view into the interior of the stronghold, for there was only the breadth of the river between tbe fort and the hapu. Within the line of defences, a vast gathering of chiefs and warriors was as sembled, seated in ranks, twenty, and even fifty deep, silent and motionless as so many blocks of stone. The captain turned to Hene for an expla nation. 4 To-day Tupo has arrived, and the tribes are gathered together to . hold council, she answered. 4 The warriors will dance the war-dance. See 1' Ormond looked, and beheld a strange sight. Suddenly, at a given signal, the whole lines started to their feet. With the regularity of a regiment at drill, each rebel elevated the right leg and right side of the body, then the left leg and left side, and then, like a flash of lightning, the entire ranks jumped two feet from the ground brandishing and cleaving the air with their weapons, and yelling a loud chorus, which terminated with a long, deep, expressive sigh, and was accompanied with gaping mouths, inflated nostrils; distorted faees out-hanging tongues, and fixed, staring eves. in which nothing was seen but the dark pupil, surrounded with white, every muscle quivering. Again and again these move ments were enacted, and time was striking the thigh with the palm of the left hand, so as to produce one sound the whole yelling and howling loud and long which threatened to destroy the auricular organs, and at length working themselves up to such a maddening pitch of anger and hatred that they seemed more like a host of fiends cast loose from the infernal regions than the savages tjiey really were. It was an impressive sight, and the cap tain stood silent with amazement. He had often heard of the Maori war-dance, mod witnessed half a dozen friend nativea perform c't in Auckland, but it gave no Idea of the terrible reality taking place befere hini > now, t While he stood gazing at the crowded fort« the girl laid her -hand upon his arm, ana drew his attention towards a large hut which stood apart from the others, and enclosed by a stoat fence. > _ _ ' The old pakeha is yonder,' she Btod. You p.a.r> gee him if you wish, but I mutt tell you that yon can only remain together until to morrow.' Only nntil to-morrow, Hene ?' 'It is; and poor Hene is very sorry,' she answered in a low, sad tone. Oraiond looked at her. 'Why is Hene sorry ?' he asked. She glanced quickly at him, and answered: V The pakeha chief is not a good man. He is fond of taking life. He will make you useful to him, and then he will slay you.' 4 If Tupo is a bad man, why do you give him power over your warriors, your homes, and your lives, Hene ?' 4 4 1 do not know. Te Banga think him a brave warrior. Beni say he is wise and cunning. Te Kooti loves him, because he has fought the p&kehas; with the Maori ; and Apora, and Tomati, the king, trust him, because he has eaten salt with them, and has sworn upon the king's zneri that he would drive eveiy pakeha settler into the sea.' ' Is the king, or are the chiefs you have mentioned, aware that Tupo is a felon and a murderer ?' asked the captain, impatiently. 4 The Maoris do not understand the meaning of the word "murder, ' she answered. ' There are not two men in yonder pah, who, if they quarrelled, bat would try their utmost to slay each other ; nor wonld the survivor be termed a murderer, but rather a hero. The king and his chiefs have one heart with Tupo about war, about religion, about all things. Is Hene understood ?' T'he captain understood her very well. By way of turning the conversation, he inquired if Tupo had a wife among the Maoris. The girl shuddered, but made no reply. He understood her now, and so cast about for something to say to her quite apart from the dreaded renegade. 'Is there not some young chieftain you know who would like to make Te Ranga's daughter his wife ?' asked the eaptive, presently. Her black eyes flashed at him angrily. 'No brave warrior whom Hene favours?' he continued. No ! There was no one among her people who had won her love. Why did the pakeha wish to offend her ?' 'Offend her! Ob, dear, no; such & thing had not entered his head. He only asked the qnestion because he felt an interest in her, that was all.' He was not laughing at her?' ' Upon his honour, no.' ' Well, then, some one had Eought her favour and again she shuddered as she uttered the words. ' A great warrior and a chief had sought her love, but she would rather suffer death than he should so much as touch her.' ' She did not love him, then ?' 'No.' Who was the chief ?' he asked. Tupo.' The smile left her companion's face in a moment. Hene was but a Maori, 'tis true, but she was evidently the most gentle and intelligent of her race. He could under stand the horror with which the poor girl viewed the prospect of a life with such a cruel wretch as the Scourge. In his experience of life in New Zealand, there were not wanting instances of the most devoted and noble attachments shown by the female Maori towards a pakeha husband. He called to mind the case of a young man fcho had robbed his employer in Auckland, and who afterwards took refuge among the natives in the Waikato. While with them hj married a handsome girl, and shortly afterwards, while visiting a settlement, was detected, taken back again to the city, and received fiv9 yeirs on the roads. From the first day after the trial of her husband, the Maori came day by day, month by month, and year by year to the prison, and there she would patiently wait without the dreary walls from daylight until dark, in the hope of seeing him. Storm or shine, heat or cold, found the girl at her post, until the long term of incarceration was ended. Captain Ormond's reflections were in terrupted by the chief's daughter, who produced from the poeket of her tamba a gold hunting watch and chain. The warriors who made you prisoner took this from you. Take it again, please ; it is not harmed,' she said with a smile. « Nay, Hene,' he replied. 1 Pray accept the trinket as a token of my gratitude for your kiodness to me.' She broke into a merry laugh. ' I cannot accept the watch ;' she answered, ' bat there is a small cross here, attached to the chain, which I should prize.' He unfastened a gold cross, appended to the guard, and gave it to her. Hene's large dark eyes sparkled as she received it. By this time they had reached the whare she had pointed out to him, the Maori sentinel following them at a short distance. 'I want to ask my pakeha friend & qnestion,' she said, pausing suddenly and confronting him. ' What question, Hene?' ' There is a little picture in a golden case about your neck.' Well !' The picture, is very beautiful ' She paused, for she noticed the frown flfti- itMiing over his handsome face. ' Proceed, Hene.' 1 It is the picture of — of some one you love?' He laughed at her, but there was more of anger than mirth in the laugh, and his eyes had a strange glitter in them that startled her. ' I have offended my friend,' she said, with heightened colour; but, with womanly tact, she changed the subject in a moment. < Tupo, at the head of two thousand warriors, will go forth to-morrow to meet the white-headed chief of the pakehas now in Tpypfein. Valley. Tupo haa decided that the Maori warriors shall surprise the pakehas in the Bight, and slay them all.' 'Can this be true, Hene?' , < i have spoken,' she answered, with a proud curve of her head. Two thousand warriors, and the general has not more than four hundred effective — i — \ . - .i . . j.. ... / , r: men hnderhisoomm&nd;,' muttered Ormond, reflectively. Oh, lor a few . hours' liberty, and a stout nag,' he continued, 'ao that I conld send Yon Tempsky to the general's aid/ ' It is impossible,' said Hene, in a low tone. Tupo has resolved to take yon with him. If you refuse, he will shoot you at once.. If yon go, he will make you asefol to him, and then kill you.' ' Small choice of alternatives, truly.' ' Go with him by all means. Yon then have a chance for your life,' answered the Maori eagerly. 'If you are in deadly peril, pull forth the reti I gave you. and there is not a warrior who sees it but will protect y on to the death. Farewell. Before he had time to reply to her, Hene had disappeared among foe adjacent whares. (TO BB CONTINUED.) 