A STRANGE BETROTHAL By M. C. Hungerford. fHEMii was not, in all ol Galshielsliire, a sweeter, bonnier lass than Alice Brown. So thought John Carr in his secret heart, as he toiled up the hill upon whose crown she stood like a young queen, waiting for him, and watching his slow ascent with none of the lovelight in her eyes that would once SM have bid him bound like n deer to her "side. Faithless in act had he been to her, and unworthy of her loving he knew himself to be ; but his soul acknowledged her superiority to all other women, and lie thrilled with the fear of losing her, as he fur tively read her calm, disdainful face. It was a distant greeting that passed between the two when at last they were together, and then, for a while, there was uncomfortable silence. He would rather have borne reproaches from her than this scornful expressive dumbness ; and beneath the coldness of her clear, accusing eyes he shrank, and found himself unable to utter the fair words of explanation he had flattered himself would make all smooth between them again. All the winsome speeches, coined before he met . her, flew from his mind now in her stern presence ; but Bilence was endurable no longer, so, with averted eyes, he broke into a blundering, shamefaced attempt at apology for the conduct which had vexed her. " I am not vexed," said Alice, with slow coldness. " My own true lass ! " exclaimed John Carr, spring ing to her side, with the gloom lifting swiftly from his face. " Nay," she commanded, restraining him by a gesture, ap he would have taken her in his arms. " If ye cannot see without telling that things are not the same between us two, then I must say words to you that happen ye'll care little to hear." " I was hoping you had forgiven me, Alice," said her lover, humbly enough. " And why should I forgive you ? " " Only because of the goodness that is in you. But come, Alice, lass," John continued, pleadingly, "dinnot be so hard on a first transgression. I cannot let you say all's over between us, if that is what you mean, till you've given me another chance." " Listen to me, John,'' said the girl, drawing her lithe young figure up to its full height and speaking, this time more sadly than coldly, " I am not vexed nor angered with you, but oh ! so grieved, so grieved. I am not blaming you, either. It was my own blindness that could not see you were not what I thought you. I think I must have believed you were just what I used to wish you to be, and it's a sore thing now to feel I was mistaken." " But let me explain," interrupted John. " Must I be condemned without oven a hearing, just because of a little flirting that I don't say was quite right with that sly Jennie Inglis, who's always thrusting her bold face in a fellow's sight. Supposing I did wear her bit of a blue ribbon in my coat at the fair, 'twas herself pulled the snood from her hair and tied it npon me, daring me to leave it be till the night was out. I meant nothing by it, and last night I took her home from the singing- school because it did not seem like a civil tiling in a man to leave a poor lassie to wend off alone through the trees." " She might have bided in if she saw no wa,y to get home again without calling one out of his way to take lier there," said the other, with some asperity. " I am not blaming you for giving protection to any woman that needs it ; neither was it a great walk for you ; but there's been plenty to tell me that it was near to dawn before you came back from that little walk," " There's aye plenty to fling a stone at poor Jennie," said John, reddening ; " and your gossips maybe told you more than there was to tell." " I'm not heeding what they told me. I think no worse of Jennie or of you now than when I met you with her last Sunday at dusk, winding the pretty rings of her hair whilst you listened to her lilting with the same smile on your face that was very dear to me till I saw it given to another.'' " I wish I'd never seen her foolish face or listed to her senseless chatter," said John, angrily. " Don't abuse the girl. She only follows her nature, and I think," said Aliee reflectively, " that you follow yours. I am not angered or jealous, as you seem to think, and I forgive you freely." " Then why will you break your troth ? Try me once more, and let all go on as it was before," urged John, eagerly. She shook her head sadly. "Nay, I must break it, for all the old love in my heart for you is dead ; and when I sent for you, John Carr, it was to tell you so, and to give you these." She laid in his hand as she spoke, a little packet which held the few trinkets he had given her. A silver thimble, a little gold ring, a knot of scarlet ribbons — they had lain on her breast — and the half of a broken sixpence — he knew where its mate' was hiding. Even if her words had not told him of a decision from which there was no appeal, the returned gifts would have signified that their love-story was over. Deep down in his heart was he sorry with such sorrow as became a man who loses a woman like Aliee Browne. Perhaps lie could not have analyzed the feel ing that made him stand with the unfolded packet in his hand, gazing after her with no attempt to follow, as she walked slowly away from him down the hillside to the river-bank where her homeward path lay. No vain regrets for the past, or mourning over a broken dream, made Alice neglectful of duty ; bravely she went 011 in the dull routine of her daily life, in the little cottage where she lived alone with her grandmother. Prying eyes that watched her closely saw her grow paler, sadder, and more slender, and gossiping tongues said that she wore the willow for a lover that had played her false. She let them talk, but kept her secret well, and none ever knew that she herself had given her trothplight back to John Carr, and set him free unasked. All the day the ceaseless hum of her spinning-wheel drowned her sad thoughts, but in the gloaming, while granny dozed peacefully within the room, a strange loneliness used to fall upon Alice as she sat alone upon the little porch, mourning for her lost love, per haps, but not for her lost lover. Having found her idol clay of the meaner sort, he could hold his place in her heart no longer. Before John Carr had won the heart he knew so little how to value, Stephen Grahamc had loved Alice with a steadfast devotion that he humbly waited for fitting opportunity to tell of. Loyally, then, be buried the secret of his love in his own breast when his friend bade him wish him joy — prayed honestly for their happiness, and strove to conquer his hopeless love. When he saw the careless lover's fickle fancy caught by Jennie's pretty, foolish face, he was loo noble to feel a throb of joy and hope that Alice might still be left for him, but rather a strong pang of sympathy for the sorrow that he knew would be hers when she discovered the unworthiness of her lover. He never knew exactly when the revelation came, but that she was no longer plighted to his friend her looks and actions told him plainly. Then, most unobstru- sively, after a time, lie offered her humble, quiet atten tions that were almost unconsciously accepted. She did not even know that she watched for him, but the evenings when he came not, to linger by the porch after some small errand invented for an excuse, grew to be the saddest and dullest of all. He spoke at last, too soon, one wiser in that strange study — the heart of woman — might have told him ; but his own heart drove him on, and he told her of the long-repressed love that he had borne for her since the time when he, a great boy then, had seen her with her pale, sick mother, who came home to die and leave her poor, pretty girl-bairn to old grandmother's care. It was a sore pain to Alice then that she could give no hope to this fond true lover, who only asked leave to have her for his wife if she could even bear the constant sight of him, and would trust to time and the fervor of his own devotion to win some small return at last. But she told him sadly and frankly, that although she knew she had wasted her love on an unworthy object, her heart was dead within her, and never again could it quicken to love or lover. Blithely dawned the day of Selkirk Fair, which also was to be the wedding-day of John Carr and Jennie Inglis ; and it came none too soon, said evil-tongued Rumor, to save the light-headed bride's fair fame. Fair was the weather, but such goes aye before mirk say those who ken the sky. After the noon, black blotches of storm-clouds began to scud across the heavens, and innocent-looking cloud lets that were white and fleecy as lamb's wool when the sun was high, knitted themselves together and hung low and threatening in inky blackness as it sank below the hills. The day that began so fairly would end in storm ; and it behooved the Selkirk people to be stirring if they would sleep at home that night. Alice Browne left the scene of festivity early and alone. Her life of late had been much within herself ; and now, having come out to give the lie to the unkind story that she was dying of a broken heart, she was glad of an excuse to escape from the curious eyes that watched her. " Is it safe to ci'oss ? " she asked the ferryman, as she glanced timidly at the formidable waves that raged against the bank. " Ay, safe enough,'' was the answer. " With no weight than thine, the little boat will skim over as dry as a gull." Alice seated herself in the stern, and the boatman feathered his oars for his task. " Hold, man, hold ! " cried a breathless voice. " Wait, can't ye ? Here's a dozen more fares for ye ! " Another moment and John Carr, with his wedding-" party, were in the boat, in spite of the ferryman's pro testations against the overloading. " Light hearts are light weight," laughed they, and the last- comer, as he sprang in, shot the receding boat far out from fhe shore. Alice, muffled in her cloak, passed unrecognised, as she wished, by the gay party, who sang, jested and frolicked as if they were still on the fair-ground, tossing off the overstrong brew, and not separated only by a frail plank from the fiercely raging flood. " !Sit still, for your lives ! " shouted the boatman, sternly, as his little craft, laden to the water's edge, quivered irom stem to stern with the strain of their movements. Too late the warning. Even while the words of alarm fell unheeded upon their ears, the fragile vessel capsized, and those so lately full of reckless merriment were battling for life in the black, swift-running current. Besides Alice, there had been one other silent mem ber of the ill-starred party, like her — with them, but not of them. He, as he rose to the surface affer the first sudden plunge, struck out with strong arms to gain an oar which floated near. A fortunate wave tossed it within his reach, and he had extended his arm to seize it when a hand grasped his wrist with paralyz ing clutch. " Woman 1 " he exclaimed, hoarsely, too manly even in the grasp of death to shake her off, " if you cling to me we are both lost." " Farewell, then, Stephen," said the gentle voice of Alice Browne, as she instantly loosened her hold upon his arm, only to find herself seized upon, as Stephen recognised her voice at the first syllable. " God help you, Aliee ! are you here ? Hold fast, my darling ! I will save you, or perish with you." " Come life or come death," I will cling to you, said Alice, gaspingly. He moved her hands to a position where her weight would hamper him the least, and, nerved by the new hope that sank into his heart, struck out bravely, and fought with the black flood for her dear life and his. Again the oar was dashed within his reach, and, with its support, by vigorous effort, gained the shore in safety with his precious burden. The rescued pair sank exhausted upon the bank, with hearts united in a mute prayer of thankfulness. The silence that fell upon them Alice broke by saying, as she raised her solemn, beautiful eyes to his : " I thought never to wed, Stephen, but the words spoken while the death-agony was upon me, 1 will not take back with the first breath of life, that is so much sweeter now than before I was so nigh to losing it. I will, indeed, cling to you in life, as 1 did just now in the death-struggle." There is no need to tell that the outstretched hand was not refused, and the betrothal of the rescued on the bank was consummated later in the holy kirk. John Carr and his bride rest together ; their nuptial couch is of sedge, and the Tweed ever murmurs rest lessly above t hem. The children of Aliee and "Stephen Grahamc yet live ; but the head of the youngest is frosted with the snows of age. Never was a happier marriage than theirs, and often was it spoken of in the country round as " the good that comes by chance." Chance, however, is but the way in which some people spell Providence. The ferry has long since given place to a bridge. Where it landed of old stands a simple stone cross, the cenotaph of the hapless party whose bodies never were found. Ask the villagers its origin, and some old crone to tell you, in a dialect which it were hopeless to attempt to reproduce, the story of the " Strange Betrothal." — Frank Leslie's Populur Monthly. Student fresh from college, to conductor : " i wish to get on the penultimate car." Conductor — " VVe have no peanut car ; you can take the smoker." Latest from Lily and Sunflower Circles. Embroidered mustard plasters are now recognized as a necessary feature of aesthetic medication. A disappointed young man says he wishes he was a rumor, because a rumor soon gains currency, which he has never been able to do. If a party is to carry heavy loads in the way of bad candidates, the importance of a strong platform cannot be overlooked. Wet and Dry. — A traveller went into an inn after a shower and asked the landlord to show him to a good fire, "for," said he, "I'm very wet;" and then turning to the waiter, he said, bring me a tankard of ale immediately, for I'm plaguey dry." Waste of Powder. — Two Irishmen one day went a shooting. A large flock of pigeons came flying' over their heads. Pat elevated his piece, and firing, brought one of them to the ground. " Arrah I" exclaimed his companion, " what a fool you are to waste your ammunition, when the bare fall would have killed him I" " I wish," said a farmer's .wife to her husband and six boys, " that some of you would shoot the yaller cat." So they all, when they happened to think of it, went and loaded the gun, each of them putting in a charge unknown to the others. Luckily it was the youngest boy that fired it, for he was very small, and could stand being kicked through a fence. " Edward, what do I hear — that you have disobeyed your grandmother, who told you just now not to jump down these steps?" " Grandmother didn't tell us not to, papa ; she only came to the door and said : '' 1 wouldn't jump down those steps, boys;" and I shouldn't think she would, an old lady like her 1" Puffing. — An absent-minded editor having courted a girl and applied to her father, the old man said, " Well, you want my daughter — what sort of a settlement will you make ? What will you give her ?" — " Give her ?" replied the other, looking up vacantly, " 0, I'll give her a puff."—" Take her," replied the father. A singular revolver story comes from Youngstown, Ohio. A timorous young man, Henry Waters by name, used to sleep with a loaded revolver for his protection at the head of his bed. Sonic of his friends secretly dicw out the bullets, leaving the powder undisturbed. When the young man went to bed, one of the jokers threw a sheet over his head and entered the room. Waters fired every barrel at the ghost, who apparently flung back the bullets at him. The victim of the joke is now a maniac, and his case is pronounced hopeless. Paddy's Boots. — Agreen sprig from the Emerald Isle entered a boot and shoe shop to purchase himself a pair of " brogues." After overhauling his stock-in-trade, without being able to suit his customer, the shopkeeper hinted that he would make him a pair to order The price was named, the Irishman demurred, but after a " bating down." the thiug was" a trade." Paddy was about leaving the shop, when the other called alter him, asking, " But what size shall 1 make thorn. Sir?" "Colli' cried Paddy promptly, ' niver mind about, the size at all ; malte 'em as large as ye eonvaniently can for the money." 1 