Over the Clock. BY A STRANGER. ' ' Gainst humbug sworn, from malice free.' At last the strong Government has fallen — gone quietly down at its mornings, like another Austral, almost without a bubble. The collapse was nearly as sudden as Arabi's. Every one knew that the Land Bill would bring a hot time for the Government, but no one ventured to hope that the battle, if sharp, would also be eo snorr. un me one eiue mere was mo strong Government — 'the strongest we ever had,' as the phrase went — the most popular of Premiers, backed by a party, compact, well drilled and disciplined, able to ' go anywhere and do anything on the other a rabble, or at any rate a body disorganised with no very certain head, but a most unmistakable tail, and no very certain policy, except to make themselves as unpleasant as possible. Yet at al most the first shock of these contending hosts the former goes down, gives way almost without a blow, with an alacrity which may be fine strategy, but whith to the outside observer looks much more like pure pusillanimity. Of course there must be a reaeon, and it is to be found, we suspect, in the fact that the bill was less the bill of the Govern ment than of one of its members, the Secretary for LandB. It is of course his old bill, and nothing but his old bill, and there is scarcely one of his colleagues by whom that measure has not been almost as emphatically condemned as by Mr. M'Elhone himeelf. So, unable or unwilling to overrule him in council, they resolved to leave him to his fate in the field, and left to his fate the brave old man certainly was. The work of his life was at stake, arid ho himself made his usual brave fight for it ; but, with the exception of Mr. Lackey's somewhat laboured, attempted defence, not one colleague, scarcely one sup porter, had a hand to lend him, and the Bill was lost because no one seemed to care to move a finger to save it. ? The concluding scene would have made a splendid Eubject for a historical caricature. There is a small picture in Punch of the reception of the Egyptian victory news by the English Cabinet, in which the acrobatic contortions of Mr. Gladstone and bis col leagues on the receipt of those ' tidings of comfort and great joy,' are something to be remembered, but they are feeble as a child's smile to the infinite gyra tions of joy, unspeakable perhaps, but not unhowlable, which hon. members on the Opposition side indulged in, when at last they saw their enemy down, and a vision possible of the promised land. Before the fatal words had passed the Speaker's mouth, the roar broke forth as of fifty lions near feeding time, or (less the mueic) chorus of hounds catching Bight and long after the first fierce burst of joy had subsided the cheers kept ringing like the rattle of musketry down a long line on a review day, or the loud larrikins erackere. The response from the other 6ide was grim silence and dark looks. Groups of men stood or sat about discussing the situation and its probable result, and within a few minutes of the rising of the House the night air was as full of humours as Macquarie - street of hon. members wending their homeward or clubward way in all the various moods of victors and vanquished, Sir Patrick Jennings, the worthy knight who wears bis honours so modestly under the distinguished patronage of no lose than three separate saints ('Faith, lo wonder he's prospered,' says an Irish voice in the gallery,' for thim's tbe boys to look after their own'), ia one of the most notable figures in the House. He can never be taken for anything but what he is — a bright, high-souled, British gentleman, with just dash enough of bi3 own particular branch of the general nationality to further commend him as a good epecimen of that very ' superior article.' when found, an Irish one. Portly of form, as becomes the lord of many broad acres, of cattle upon a thousand hills, and flocks upon a thousand plains, he is also kindly of countenance, and if, rumour wrongs I bim not, of heart, as becomes a prosperous gentleman to whom the world has been very kind, and who is not yet, nor probably ever will be, fine gentleman enough to forget the obligation. Intellectually he has at least shown that his mind is large enough to take in all the great interests of the country, material and Eocial, practical and artistic, and what ever his own culture may be, he has certainly done more than most of his class have to recognise and promote that of others. So it happens that, when the happy owner of all these virtues rises in the House of eo few virtues, the effect is a general sense of con siderable superiority to his surroundings and a respectful attention that mere 'money bags'' never secures of itself, though of course that potent factor in all the affairs of men may help to it. He is scarcely a pleasant speaker, for his air is somewhat heavy, and his language, though carefully, perhaps because too carefully chosen, has the 1 curiouB effect of not seeming altogether his own. One feels that he would do better if he prepared less, or, at any rate, that he would get on faster if he walked less warily, or with less painful regard to deportment and tight bcote. But it would have been difficult to take any fair exception to his speech on the lGth instant on the Land Bill; and there can be little doubt that that calm, well-argued, almost judicial, utterance against the bill largely contributed to the result. Sir Patrick probably careB little about office for his own sake ; but should one of the effects of the preec-nt crisis be a now Government, office should care a good deal about Sir Patrick — taking ' office ' to mean in this case the good service of the conntry. And there shall be no more members of Parliament — for a while ! So runs the last edict of the great King Henry ; and eo run late hon. members away, like parted ghosts, to tbe dim shades whence, haply, many of them will never more emerge to the gay light of public day* There isalwayssomethingsadabout so sudden a taking-off. The worst man, it has been said, dies too soon if out off without a chance of retrieving his iniquities; and though in this case there may have been no special iniquities to retrieve, it cannot be said that there were any special virtues about the last Parliament to make its memory 'smell sweet and blossom in the dust.' Dust to dust, however, it now is, and, summing up the record of its two years' existence, it will hardly take a volume, or, what is the same thing, the pen of a statistical writer to state tha result. Perhaps one word may suffice, and that one the evil one — disappointment. It was the first fruit of the new electoral system, giving larger choice to the con stituencies, and it was hoped a sure opening for at least some hidden gems of political first water to leap to light and show their rays serene. How has that hope been met : Was there amongst the whole crowd of late new members one Saul amongst his brethren ? Can any one, the most sanguine or least saturnine of political judges of men, point to a single new reputation made— one might almost say, a single ixv v* no wmuvboay ul iuq uuuiiug uiau who is eo very long in coming, but of a man at all above the ordinary political standard, which, Heaven knows, though the recruiting were but for a parish vestry, is low enough. On the other hand, if there has been no ' sudden making of great names,' has there not been a considerable manufacture of very little ones ? It is not all gain, late hon. gentlemen, the tacking on of those magic letters to your hitherto insignificant names, if one result of the proccss is to make those said names more insignificant than ever. Whatever else the House maybe, it is a wonder ful finder-out. There moBt men soon find their level, and none sooner than the bumptious heaven-sent hon. gentlemen who, coming to set everything right, end by finding themselves all wrong. That there have been cases of this interesting kind in the late Parliament, we think every one will admit; but de mortuis, &c.; ; and sho velling the earth, as with many tears we do now, over the wrecked hopes and blighted promise of so many of our late hon. friends, we would fain it should be without a memory of their failure or their faults, or the slightest fear of their resurrection. 