AGAJ>EMT OF MUSIC. 'East Lyime" was pUyed at the Academy ot Tine, and tbe remainder of tbe cast Mug as follows:—Archibald Cariyle, Mr W. 3. HoUowsy; Sir Francis Levison. Mr Arthur Elliott: Lord Mount Severn, Mr'Edwin Palmer; Justice Bare, Mr J. XL CosteUo; P.O.Bollock, MrD.C.Smith; LswyrrDill, Mr S. D. M*Gow&fi; Richard Hare, Mr R. A. Vernon; Willie Carlyie, Mirs Ada Blanche; 'Barbara Hare. Miss Blanche tsewis: MUs Cornelia Carlyle, Miat Kate Arden: Joyce, Miss Florence Lewis; IVilscrtiv Mis3 T>jlly Forae. Miss Pomnofs performances this drama have ' been tbe subject of uisuy euloginms, sad, to enter into a detailed account of her last appearance in tbe characters of lad; Isabel and Madame Vine would be to repeat the many commendatory things that have ven said of her. The audience recognised tbe merit of her forceful and effective acting, and applauded tbe artiste, rvpvatedly recalling her at tbe close of tbe acts to farther applaud her. Mr HoliowaV* performance was a very fine one, and.be looked the part to tbe life. Mr EtUot flayed exceedingly well Miss Avdtnasthe eccentric Cornty Carlyle played admirably, and the Misses Lewis and Forde acquitted tbe&seltes; well The other members of the company appearing in tbe piece sustained their respective puts so well that tbe whole prod action of the drama vn one creditable t« the comnany. To-nigbttht favorite romince, 4 Incomar," will be produced; KGss Pomeroy appeazio^ as P«tthenia<a character iu wtddti she will appear here f v r the first time), and Mr W. J. Hoi loway impetsonating the Barbarian* The cart for Friday night, when Mi*s Pcmeroy will appear as Hamlet, ia a qot&ble; one. It is as f alio wy:—Ghost, Mr Hollowaj; Laertrs, Mr ElTiot; Potoni«s, Mr Palmer; Gravedi^ger, Mr Carr y; Uoratio> Mr Booth* man (vpecially engaged): Q teen. Miss Carry Grtirge (MttLw^nc' 1 ), who has kindly given her service; Oisric. M:>s Blanche Lewis; Player Qat-en, Miss Floreoce Lewis; and Ophelia, Misa Alice neorwjn» who has been special? engaged tor the part. 