NEWS OF THE WEEK. DEATH OF MR. W. FORSTER, M.P. It is with feelings of profound regret that we have to announce the death of Mr. W. Forster, M.P. for Gundagai, which took place suddenly early yesterday morning. The painful intelligence was telegraphed to us yesterday at about half past 1, and when the news became known universal sorrow was expressed. Only a day or two ago Mr. Elworlhy received a letter from Mr. Forster ; and, referring to his absence from the House, he said : — ' I think it as well, in view of my frequent absences from the Assem- bly lately, which may elicit comment from those who are ignorant of any cause, to state that I have been suffering very severely from illness, which appears to puzzle the doctors, as I find my illnesses generally do. I wonder often whether all other people's illnesses are like mine in this respect ; but it is comfortable to know that mine entitled, though not with absolute certainty, to important designations, such as pseudo-angina, or pectoral neuralgia ; but it is no counterfeit in the matter of pain, far it has kept me awake sometimes all night long, and depresses me with a constant fear of recurrence of pain (now that the pain is nearly gone) if I have to make any extra exertion,' The deceased gentleman has for some time past been unwell, and recently underwent a medical examination, but that disclosed nothing of an alarming character. On Thursday last Mr. Forster complained of severe pains in the chest, but seemed to recover his wanted health again, and on Sunday night went to bed apparently very well, but died in in his sleep. He evidently passed away very quietly. Mr. Forster was in the sixty-fourth year of his age, The funeral will take place on Wednesday ; the remains are to be interred in the Ryde cemetery, Our Sydney correspondent telegraphs that there is very sincere regret expressed at the sudden death of one of the mast prominent men of the day in Sydney. Mr. Forster has, during the period he repre- sented this district, paid very great attention to its wants, and had succeeded in obtaining the good wishes of all classes in this electorate. Referring to Mr. Forster, 'Cassius,' in the Freeman's Journal, in his letters to eminent persons, says ;— '' In offering you the homage of my most sincere respect and thorough admira- tion I do so with the profound conviction that your character as statesman, scholar, and gentle- man justly demands it, — I only wish it were a thousandfold more deserving of your accept- ance. Of all those who, since Constitutional Government was conferred upon New South Wales, have held the highest responsible posi- tion in the colony, you, sir, I take to have been the best — the most fitted by character, culture, and logical acumen to confer lustre upon place. . . . It has ever heen your pride to essay to lead opinion and to ?? popular impulses to a virile mould, . , , And just because you are what you are, an upright gentleman of pure and lofty conceptions, your historic name will be enhaloed with the admiration of posterity,' We can cordially endorse, the opinions of the above well-known writer, 'Men of the Time' thus refers to Mr. Forster : — ' Forster, Hon. William, Agent General for New South Wales, born at Madras, in 1818, came to Australia when he was about eleven years of ago. Like many of the public men of this ?olony, he was a pupil of Mr. W, T, Cape. At an early age he entered into squatting pursuits. Whilst so occupied he did not neglect literature. About the time that Mr. Robertson was acting as the delegate of the squatters, and appealing to the Governor for redress, Mr. Forster, wrote a satire having the same end in view, which he published in the Atlas news paper, under the title of 'The Devil and the Governor.' In this piece he displayed his power of using stinging words, Mr. Forster also wrote a satire entitled 'The Genius and the Ghost' — a dialogue between the genius of Sydney and the ghost of transportation. During the Crimean war he wrote a sonnet in more solemn strain, on national grandeur and decay. But his genius for satire has been more allied with the logic and eloquence of public orations than with the art of versification, in which he has shown that he can excel. Shortly after the introduction of Responsible Government, Mr. Forster made himself known to the people of this country as a leader in parliamentary con- flict. At different times he represented East Sydney, St. Leonards, the Hastings, Quean- beyan, Illawarra, aud Murrumbidgee. From the time of his entering Parliament Mr. Forster was a keen critic of the Cowper Administration. Agreeing with that Administration in political principles, he was ever on the alert to detect in consistancy in their practices. When the Edu- cation question came on, the denominational tendencies of Mr. Cowper's scheme offered an opportunity for attack. That Government was defeated, and Mr, Forster was entrusted with the work of forming a Ministry. He associated with, himself Mr. John Black (as Minister of Lands), Mr. Saul Samuel (as Treasurer), Mr. G. Eagar (as Minister for Works), Mr. E. Wise, afterwards Judge of the Supreme Court (as Attorney-General), and Mr. J. F. Hargrave, now Mr. Justice Hargrave (as Solicitor-General). This Ministry was defeated on their Upper House Electoral Bill, ' and retired in March, 1860\. Mr. Forster has not since that time been at the head of an Administration, although the opportunity of taking that position was offered to him in May, 1872, when the Martin Ministry was defeated on the Border Duties question. He was Colonial Secretary in Mr. Martin's first Ministry, and Secretary for Lands in Mr. Robertson's second Ministry. From February 9, 1875, to February 7, 1876. he was Colonial Treasurer in the Robertson Ministry, and on that date was appointed Agent-General for the Colony of New South Wales, resident in London. Mr, Forster's talents have been chiefly displayed in opposition. In the strength and culture of his logical power he was foremost in Parlia- ment.' An important meeting of the Gundagai Pro- gress Committee will be held on 8th Nov. The question of the railway route is one of the principal items to be considered, and an effort is to be made to alter the station-site. No doubt tho committee will take some steps to select a candidate to represent the district in Parlia- ment, vacant by the untimely death of Mr. W. Forster, Copious rain fell in and all around Gundagai on Saturday, with occasional light showers on Sunday, Yesterday the weather was very warm again, and the sky is cloudy indicating a further downfall. We have received information on undoubted authority that the Cootamundra - Gundagai railway plans are being proceeded with, and need not take a very long time to reproduce. THE Government is ' considering ' the matter of abolishing tolls on the Newtown and Cook's River road. Why not also abolish the Gun- dagai Bridge toll, or permit the residents within prescribed area of it to cross free ? At preseent Gundagai is a town divided against itself. IN digging the foundations for the new Bank of New South Wales the men came upon a few specks of gold, Out of about six dishes of dirt put through there was a prospect of 6 dwts. A very nice little nugget was found by Mr. Leary, jun., at the same place, The fallowing notice of motion was tabled in the Assembly last Wednesday by Mr. Forster — 'That there be laid upon the table of this House, 1\. A return showing how much land has been sold by auction, conditional purchase, in virtue of improvments or otherwise, by each clerk of petty sessions throughout the colony during last year and the present year respectively. 2. A return showing any reduction or increase of the salary of each clerk of petty sessions by comparison af the last with the next proceeding estimates of expenditure. 3. A return showing in what cases clerks of petty sessions have been still required to act as land agents for the Government after reduction of their salaries, or without extra remuneration; and in what cases, if any, extra remuneration has heen allowed for the extra work. 4. A return of all Government land agents, specifying districts or localities, salaries or other emoluments or remunerations, dates of appointment, distin- guishing those appointed since last estimates were passed, and showing in what cases the work had been previously done by clerks of petty sessions. On Saturday night the Eloise Juno troupe performed to a very fair house. The piece selected was ''Arrah na Pogue,' and in the character af Fanny Power, Miss Juno exhibited her wonderful versatile powers. The other characters were well performed, especially that of Mike Feeny (Mr. D. Barry). The troupe left for Temora on Sunday last. It is stated that a school boy in Gundagai , has drawn Hecla in the Adams' sweep of £10,000; also that a well-known lady of South Gundagai has drawn Little Jack in a. £1000 sweep. Since our last issue the following stock have passed through Gundagai: - On Fiday, ? sheep, for Kiandra from Hay ; 795 head of store cattle, for Mansfield, Victoria, from the Namoi Pastoral Co's run, Mr. Waite in charge. 903 sheep were at Adelong yesterday travelling to the Yanko, from Mr. Brennan's Boolka run, Messrs, McKenzie Bros,, Young, sold 700 store cows to the following buyers— Mr. Robin- son, Kimo, Mr. O'Donnell, Mingay ; and Mr. W. B. Smith, Darbalara. The directors under the Pastures and Stock Protection Act have decided to raise the bonus for Kangaroo scalps from 6d to 1s. The Illustrated Sydney News for October is to hand. The number is almost entirely filled with illustrations of the Garden, Palace fire ; and a chromo-lithograph entitled 'The Destruction of the Garden Palace' is published as a supple- ment. The number is a specially interesting one. The first number of a weekly paper, called The Tribune, published at the office of the Sydney Daily Telegraph, has reached us. The paper is literally aud practically well got up. The objects of the paper are such as to commend them to a large number of persons in this country, and, if carried out in accordance with the pros- pectus, the success of the paper is assured. The following items of news from Tumba- rumba are culled from our exchanges.; — The flying survey which has now been taken in hand by the Government to examine the proposed line between Germanton and Tumbarumba has : been commenced. Mr. Miller arrived last Tues- day for the purpose of going over the country, and will proceed from Germanton to Tumba- rumba via Carabost, and on the return journey he will see how the land lies for a line by way of Yarrara station.— It is proposed to irrigate the southern portion of Riverina by tapping the Murray about Dora Dora, bringing the water by acqueduct to the intervening range of bills forming the Murray and Billabong watershed and thence by tunnel to the latter too frequently dry stream. Afterwards the water would, of course, be distributed by canals. The project is well thought of in Sydney, and would cost about £1,000,000. It is probable that a trial survey will be ordered. We have received from the author, Mr. W. B. Christie, M.B.S., M.I.S., licensed surveyor, a pamphlet entitled 'Our Land Laws; their influence on our prosperity ; and some sugges tions for remedying the evils which they have entailed on the colony.' Mr. Christie treats the subject in a dear and lucid manner, and, now that there is a proposal to amend our land laws, the book ought to be read by every one who takes an interest in the land question. The undermentioned applications for gold mining leases have been approved by the Exeoutive Council :— Thomas Eyre, 8a and 3a, Bongongolong ; William Guy, 3a, Muttama Reefs ; Thomas Guy, 3a, Muttama reefs ; W. Harpley and another, 2a, Eureka reefs, Muttama. Creditors in the intestate estate of William Oldfield, Adelong, are to send in their claims to the curator of intestate estates, Sydney, or his agent (Sergeant Cassia) at Adelong, on or before the 25th November, Application for probate of the will of the late James Roberson, Esq., Tumut, will be made on the 10th November next, Last Wednesday night a cash-box containing £70 was stolen from Mrs. Hawkins's hotel, Cootamundra, Captain Battye, when in Wagga on Friday week, held a parade of the policemen, when an order was read from him to the effect that ar- rangements would be made at once to give the men on day duty the privilege of attending their church once every Sunday, and further granting them one day's holiday in each month to give them as in every other district, an opportunity for recreation, or attending to their private concerns, The following selections were taken up at Cootamundra last week ; — Thomas Harrold, 40a, Stockinbingal P. J. O'Donnell, 65a, Muttama Edward Campbell, 40a, Cullinga Emiline B. Smith, 2Q0a, Moonbecca —Total, 345a, Shy young bachelors, who have popped the question and met with a mild refusal, had better take a lesson from the following, which happened on this side of the Murrumbidgee ; — A lady writes to a modest and stupid youth ; ' Yes, when you asked' me if I would marry you — oh I I ought not to have done it I suppose — but, then, it was such an opportunity, and so I smiled the cue to you and answered, 'Never I' and you stupid, you frose and bowed like a telegraph pole and left. Oh! dear me, and I certainly thought that at this day there was nobody under the sun who was so unpardonably obtuse, so far behind the age and the rage, that he would not have instantly met me with, 'What! — never?' and given me the chance to reply, "Well, hardly ever.' ' THE. following selections were taken up at Burrowa last week :— J. Keefe, 96a, Ware A. Clayton, 150a, Coppabella J. McCord, 40a, Gunnary Executors of the late G. Frost 40s, Kenyu. Acraman and Wigley, 29,0a, Conger, Total, 616a We understand that tho Bishops of Australia and Tasmania have arrived at a decision in favour of Dr. Parry, Suffragan Bishop of Dover. The question of the legality of the Synod's pro- ceedings in this matter has been referred by the standing committee to counsel for opinion. The Right Rev. Dr. Parry, D.D., Suffragan Bishop of Dover, is the only surviving son of the late Rear-Admiral Sir Edward Parry, K.C.B., the Well-known navigator and oxplorer of the Arctic regions, He was born at Government House, Sydney, New South Wales, in 1830, and after a preliminary training at Rugby Sohool, entered Balliol College, Oxford, in 1849, graduating B.A. (first-class in classics) in 1852, and M.A. in 1855. From 1853 to 1856 he was tutor of Durham University. He was ordained deacon in 1854, priest in 1855, and in 1856 he held the curacy of Soaning, Berkshire, under the Ray. Hugh Pearson. On the elevation of Dr. Tait to the see of London, at the close of that year Mr. Parry .became his domestic chap- lain, residing and working with his lordship for nearly three years. In the ten years which fallowed, from 1859 to 1869, he held the rectory of Acton, Middlesex, and took an active part in all London diocesan matters. He was also Rural Dean of Earling- from 1863 to 1869, when he was appointed Archdeacon and Canon of Canterbury, In 1870 he was appointed Bishop Suffragan of Dover, for the province of Canter- bury, being consecrated in the chapel of Lambeth Palace on March 25, under letters patent from the Queen and a commission from the Primate. It is worthy of note that he was the first Suffragan Bishop consecrated in the Anglican Church for 300 years. Bishop Parry has written memoirs of his father, a work which has passed through several editions ; and ' Memoirs of (his brother) Commander Charles Parry, R.N., 1870.' The following selections were taken up at Tumut on Thursday :— J, S. Livingstone, 140a, Buddong Bank N.S.W., 40a, Bogon: J, Brennan, 40a, Minjary —Total, 220a. On Friday last at the Cootamundra Mining Appeal Court the action Rue Harris was heard before his Honor Judge Forbes, Mr. Bennett, instructed by Mr. Kearney, appeared for the plaintiff, and Mr. O'Ryan, instructed by Mr, W. P. de Boos for the defendant. This case is highly important, involving the right of a mar- ried woman to hold mining property as against her husband's creditors. In the Warden's Court Warden de Boos held that the disputed , interest in the United Temora Quartz-mining Company had not been sufficiently identified, and that a married woman holding a miner's right could hold a mining interest against her husband's creditors. After hearing Mr. Stewart (of Messrs. Stewart and Co., Sydney), Mr, Sample, and a number of witnesses, Judge Forbes held that the interest was sufficiently identified, and that it was held by the wife for the husband for the purpose of defrauding the creditors. The Warden's decision in favour of the defendant (Harris) was accordingly reversed with costs, the Judge remarking that the Warden had taken an erroneous view of the case. The bill of costs against the defendant in the action for libel— Orbell v. Bailey— settled at the last District Court, Cootamundra, amounts to £281 15s. Defendant is proprietor of the Temora Herald. SOUTAR, a ratcatcher, who was apprehended on a charge of complicity in the removal of the body of the late Earl of Crawford and Balcarres from the family vault at Dunecht, Aberdeen shire, has been convicted and sentenced to five years' penal servitude. Sheep are going to Victoria from New South Wales in tens of thousands. Seven thousand were trucked on Monday at Deniliquin for Wednesday's market. A VERY sad accident occurred at the Convent of the Sacred Heart, Wagga, on Sunday week. One of the nuns, Sister Mary Paul, was standing near the fire when her clothing became ignited. We regret to learn that the unfortunate lady sustained very serious injuries, and that she is now in a, most critical condition. The Australian Eleven sailed from San Francisco on the 25th Ootober for Sydney, by the R.M.S. Australia. Mb. J. J. Milcek denies having purohased the racehorse Sting. The fund resulting from the benefit perfor mance in aid of the widow and orphans of the late Alex. Frazer (says the Temora Star) has been augmented to some extent by a collection made by Mr. J. Fraser, the contractor for the reservoir at the Ironbarks, and a correspondence is now being carried on between Messrs. Hiokey and Porter, of this town, and Messrs. Wilson, Menlove, and Curtis, of Adelong, as to the disposal of the sum in hand, about £43, to the best advantage. We believe that the last mentioned gentlemen have consented to act as trustees in the disbursement of the funds in question for the benefit of Mrs. Frazer and her children, who express their senBeof the kindness experienced at the hands of the Orient Minstrels. The English oreditors of Messrs. Christopher Newton and Co., Sydney (a firm which was in pecuniary difficulties some years ago), having been paid in full, determined to specially recog nise this honourable conduct, and accordingly Invited Mr. Christopher Newton (who is now in London) to a banquet, at which some compli mentary speeches were made, and Mr. Newton was presented with a steam yacht. DURING a thunderstorm at Burrowa on Satur day week a farmer named Patrick Kearney was struck dead by lightning. AN insolvent named Wm. Short, while under examination at the insolvent court on Monday stated in evidence that he lost £500 betting at the last Randwiok. races, and £4fiO gambling with dice. It may not be generally known, but it is a fact, that the captain's song in ' Pinafore ' is identical with Beethoven's 3rd due for clarionet and bassoon, note for note. An old Danish soldier named Weber, who was twice wounded in the head with bullets, once with a sabre, and once with a circular saw, died at Christchurch Hospital, N.Z., two years ago. Before death he made a bargain with a wards- man, who was to supply him with tobacco during his life and receive his skull as equiva- lent after death. It was two years before the legacy could be claimed. The skull, which is beautifully photographed, presents a remarkable appearance. The two bullet-holes are plainly seen just above the forehead, and close together, both of them being clean perforations. A com- paratively speaking enormous lump of bone is gone on the right side, and another piece is partly separated from the cranium. The bullets were found in his head after death, having been there for over thirty years. 'Have you a mother-in-law ? ' asked a man of a disconsolate- looking person. 'No,' he replied, ' but I have a father in jail.' A DBOVEB named James Molntosh was killed during a thunderstorm on the Jandree run near Bourke. He had taken Bhelter under a tree, and while sitting on horseback smoking, the lightning struck him and the horse, kilting both instantly. A YOUKO MAN advertises for a place as sales man, and says he has had a great deal of experi ence, having been discharged from seven different places in one month. Afubtheb contribution of £34 16s 6dhas been sent by Cootamundra to the Irish National Land League. James Bennie and Co., Clyde Engine Work', near Glasgow, are sending off, by a speoially chartered vessel, a full equipment of machine tools for shipbuilding, to the order of a firm at Elsinore, Denmark, who are just commencing the business of shipbuilding and engineering on a very extensive scale in that country. The same Danish firm have also ordered all the necessary machine tools from several well-known makers, for the manufacture of maiine engines of the largest class. The City Counoil, Sydney, has voted six months' salary to the widow and family of the late Mr. Lyell. In regard to the cure of rheumatism by the means of bee stings, the correspondent of a | foreign paper says that his wife having suffered so much sb to be unable to enjoy any sleep or rest for the space of six months, the right arm being very lame, preventing her from doing any household work, Disking it unable even to dress or undress herself; and, having heard that a farmer quite incapacitated by rheumatism had been accidentally stung by bees, and thereby got entirely cured, be persuaded his wife to try ' this remedy, as the pain from the sting of the bee would not be greater than that already suffered. Three bees were therefore laid and pressed upon the right arm, for a considerable time, in order that the poison bladder of the insoot should entirely empty itself. The effect produced was astonishing, as tbe lady even on the first night, was enabled to enjoy a good sleep— the first time for the last six months, the raoking pain being entirely gone ; the arm was of course swollen greatly in consequence of the stinging, but the swelling disappeared gradually. Upon the application of some cooling lotion all the pain was gone— -the lame arm recovered its previous vigour, and not the least sign of rheumatism bas since shown itself. In Melbourne, on Friday last, at a sale of Mr. 0. B. Fisher's shorthorn cattle, 169 animals realised £15,000. Fred. Godfrey, the well-known exband master of the Coldstream Guards, died on the 28th August. He had suffered for some time from paralysis. An ej-e-witness informs us (W. W. Advertiser) that at Eyamba a heavy thunderstorm burst over the creek, near the residence of Mr. A. Smith. In a few minutes the creek rose higher than ever it has been before known to be, and, rushing along, tore away heavy log fences, and swept away heaps of road metal a yard high. Never was seen anything like the destruction done in a few moments. On November 1 the new oattlesale yards at Homebush constructed by the oity corporation, and which havo oost £60,000, will be formally opened, and the first Bale will probably take plaoa the. following day. A musical festival is to be held in Melbourne it Christmas similar to those given at Liver pool, Gloucester, and Chester. The programme has been arranged so as to admit of all the load ing musioians being interested. Invitations are to be sent to the other colonies. England is becoming (tbe Broad Arrow says) , almost unconsciously the possessor of a fleet of fast cruisers. This fleet conforms in many re spects, if not in all respects, to that wbioh Sir Thomas Brassy favours— a fleet of convertible merchant and passenger steamers. Tbe latest addition is the Moore, built for the Union Line on the fast-cruiser principle. Strong and swift, the new ship is capable of being utilised in war as an Alabama of a powerful class, A novelty - . introduced into the Moore consists of tho isolation ; at the engines within a speoies of stockade formed of- tho coal bunkers. Thus, if a shot were directed at either end, the ship would be kept afloat by her elaborate network of bulk heads, while her engines would be praotically impenetrable through the loose armour of ber ooal- bunkers. This is the greatest advance yet made by our ocean carriers in the direction of adapting their fleets to purposes of a militant character, ; A band of young man living in Kent have established a society for the ?? Protection of the Natural Form of Woman,' and have bound ' themselves, according to one of the rules of their s'ocioty, 'by demonstration, argument »nd entreaty to induce thoir sisters, and all — ladies who are injuring their bodies for the sake --j }f fashion, to sever the remaining link which lonnecta the present generation with bar barism.' One of the six laws drawn up for the guidance uf members of this unique society, who promise to live a life of protest against the fashions so prejudicial to health, is a pledge that . , 'each member shall be a oontinuul worry to ?' girls neglecting the healthy advico of the. , society,' The conditional purchases In 1881 amounted, ? to 2,328,202 acres, or over a third of a million ncros more than the sales of any previous year, _ Mr. Moriarty's report contains an exhaustive statement of the condition of this important branoh of the Lands Dopartment for the year, and convoys much useful information. Dn. Pwoow, of Goelong, has written to the press, calling attention to a oaso under hia notice of a woman suffering from hydatida through tho unpleasant practice of fondling a »t. Tho Coolness of Switzerland's Extradition^'* It must -have been a sevore rebuke to the'Swiss Qovernnjent, to have her extraditod criminals retujawo1 Srom this country, aa though wekopt an asylum, or haven, for renegades and villains* What would America think of any attempt on, the part of a foreign power, to flood this country with vile preparations of gin, that would only contaminate the purity of our own Udolpho, Wolfe's Schiedam Sohnapps.— Adv. Dew of the Alps.— Tho world outside pt Europe-fcaving discovered that thja palatable,' tonio liqueur is the finest invigorant extant^ tha'd^oand for it in the West Indies, South, America, and Australia, has literally become, „ onortnQUB. ^(t is strango for hundreds oS yoara ,. so wonderful an appetiser and stomacbio should havo been comparatively unknown beyond the, Swiss frontiors, and the thanks of milliona .. are due to Messrs^ Mr Mosi and Co. t the well known importers, for having introduced it* She shipments to Australia during- tho past year have been so large as ta warrant tba belief . that the Dow of tbe Alpa will oventually supers cede most of tho other advertised, tonics now in, use. — Adv. Holloway's Ointment and Pills.. — Disoases of the most formidable aud chronic chanuctyra hayy'been oured by Holloway's. remedjes...^ Ulcerations which havo proved themselve/in-^ cuMbie'by any other known moans havo healedi kindly under the purifying and regenerating; influence of this excellent Ointment. Sprains,, atiff joints, contracted musoles, and glandular swellings can be most safely and effectually healed by Hollo-way's Ointment and Kile, which can do no harm under any circumstances* Neither of these medicaments has anything. detetorioua in its. composition ; both are essen tially purifying and strengthening in thoir nature, Tho combinedi power of these nobla remedies enables them, successfully to, cope with, most descriptions of impurities, aud taouro.or at least relieve^ most varieties of disease.— Adv, Valuahte-.DisBOveiy fo» the Hair,— If your hair.ia turning grey or white, or falling off, use. ..- tho Mrai«o Hair fienewo?,far- it will positively, restore in every case grey ox white, hair tp'ita j original coWwithout leaving th» disagr*ablV_.f ' smstt-'of most '-restorers.' It makes, the hair charmingly beautiful, as well as promoting the. growth of the hair on bad spots, where the glands are ntt decayed. Ask your chemist for 11 TheJIexien Hair Renewer,' sold by chemists, and peWn%rs everywhere at 3a 6d per bottle, Wholeaal«jaepotiemo.v«d to, S3 Farringdon-road* a bottle of Mrs. Window's Soaihihg Syrup. 16. will relieve tho poor sufferer immediately. It in perfectly harmless and pleasant ta taste, it pro duces natural quiet sleep, by relieving tho chili from pain, and the Vittlo cherub awakes ' as, bright as a button,' It soothes the child, it Boftens the gums, alluys all pain, relieves wind, regulates tho bowels, and is the best known, remedy for dysentery and diarrhoea, whether arising from teetluug or other causes. Mrs. Winslow's Southing Syrup, is sold by Medicine, Dealers everywhere at Is IJdperhcttlo.— Adv, ' 