am MILKER STEPHEN ON HEALING. JSvbryonz has heard' of Mr Milnbr Stephen claiming to be able to rare cer tain diseases and remedy soma physical defects by the simple layinjf ofi.n hands' er breathing on the parts eflsAed. We Shall not presume to pronbdnce such miracles to be impossible, as inaoy de vout, earnest, and eves- learned, men believe they have been performed before Mr Stephen appeared on the scene, and there'are more things in heaven and earth than were ever dreamt of in phlffliopby. For instance, if anyone stated twenty years ago that it was possible to hold a con version v-r.h auoihcr person 100 miies away, !>: wcsld coitaiulv have been coj- j sidered an impostor or a madman. The same may he said of the elee're tel - orapb, with which we are all now so familiar that it creates no wonder, ami the mysterious phenomena of mesmer ism, although totally incomprehensible, are admitted to exist by scientific men. No one is now bold enough to deny that by the mere passing of the hands by some persons the person operated on can be brought under the will of the operator, or rendered so insensible to physical pain that a limb may be amputated without causing any sensation. It is only because we are now quite conversant ! with these facts that we do not assert that everyone who maintains or practices them is a fool or a charlatan. It is cor- tainly difficult to believe that a blind man can be restored to sight, or that a man's leg may be lengthened to its natural proportions, by touching or breathing, unless where the defect is merely a nervous affection, in which case of course the imagination may be em ployed as a powerful enrative. It is well known what a sudden shock or an overpowering necessity will accomplish in some diseases. We remember the case of a person suffering the agonies of an aonte fit of gout, and unable to uBe hand or foot ; but on a candle overturning and setting fire to some combustible material, the sufferer immediately sprang np, extinguished the fire, with some difficulty, and waB there and then free from pain, which, however, returned on the following day. The mind and nerves are factors in all these things, that cannot be overlooked, and if we be rightly informed, Mr Stephen, unconsciously perhaps, uses this lever in dealing with his subjects. Many persons who have seen Mr Stephen operating on his patients, and who absolutely deny that he produced any effect whatever in their, presence, admit that Mr Stephen still left on them the impression that he appeared to be thoroughly in earnest and quite believed in himself. This alone would have a great effect upon hysteric persons, or even ou persons of strong character, but impressionable minds. There may be something also in the fact that many sceptics, when invalided, have a slrong desire to be cured, and care so little about the means used for that purpose, that they will lend themselves to a little self-deception. So far as we are concerned, we ehall watch Mr Stephen's performances — if he will allow us — without the slightest prejudice, and give a perfectly unbiassed opinion. We at present neither endorse nor deny Mr Stephen's healing powers. There may be some way of accounting for them, if he really possess them, and we shall therefore watch his operations at Wangaratta to-day and to-morrow, and at Beechworth on the three following days, with interest and curiosity, and with a fixed determination to do him justice either way. Carriage of Goods. — The following notification appeared in Friday's " Ga zette — On and after the 1st October, 1882, clause 5 of the bye-law bearing date 11th August, 1882, and relating to the car- riage of goods for Albury, will be repealed, and the following substituted in its place, namely : — All goods of the miscellaneous, 1st, 2nd, 3rd, or 4th classes forwarded frem Melbourne, Williamstown, er Sand- ridge to "Wodonga for Albury will be al lowed the rebates set forth in the above- mentioned bye-law, provided they are consigned in truck loads of one class of goods only. Less than 5 ton3 in a truck to be charged as 5 tons, or else ordinary rates. Ne further rebate will be allowed on these goods if subsequently sent beyond the boundary-line laid down in clause 1 of the before-mentioned bye-law. Auditors. — The following gentlemen have been appointed Government auditors of the accounts of the under-mentioned municipalities in these districts respec tively : — Mr Geo. B. Thomas, Wilson- street, Windsor, Beechworth United and Oxley ShireB ; Mr J as. H. Molyneux, Mansfield, Benalla Shire and Wangaratta Borough ; Mr Edward Lawrence, 35 Chetwynd-street, Hotham, North OvenB and Rutherglen Shires and Rutherglen Borough ;Mr Wm. B. Edlin, 70 Flinders- lane west, Wodonga and Chiltern Shires ; Mr David Cozens, Milawa via Wangaratta, Towong and Yackandandah Shires ; Mr John Russell, Twist's Creek, via Yackan dandah, Bright and Ome'o Shires. Deputy Electoral Registrar. — Mr C. C. Sparrow has been appointed deputy electoral registrar for the Mitta Mitta and Towong divisions of the electoral district of Benambra, and for the Towong division of the Gippiland Province, vice Mr J. F. Riley, resigned. Beechworth Police Court. — On Satur day, before Mr Jas. Ingram, J.P., an inebriate brought forward on the usual charge was fined 2s Gd and os costs.- Wahgunyah. — Our correspondent writes : — At the usual fortnightly readings held at the Wahgunyah Free Library on Thursday evening the attendance was not so good as on previous occasions ; a num ber of the residents on both sideB of the river being away at the show and at How- long. The names of the gentlemen who either read or recited are Messrs J. Smith, Fraser (jun.), Worthington, Holman, F. W. Brown, Morris, Corty, and Fraser (sen.). " Edinburgh after Flodden," re cited by Mr L. Fraser, and " The Raven" by Mr R Holman, were well received. On account of most of the committee being away, a subject for debate for next Thurs day could not be fixed upon, so readings are again to be held. The river is nine feet above summer level, and has con tinued at about the same level during the week. The Border Minstrels journeyed to Howlong on Friday last for tne purpose of giving an entertainment in aid of St. Thomas's Church. The concert was held in a large granary adjoining the Howlong Mill, where a temporary stage had been erected for the occasion. The concert consisted of a " nigger" first part and a miscellaneous second part, contributed to by Messrs Healos, Duncan, Loucb, Ford and Renforth ; the whole concluding with an amusing sketch by Messrs Heales and Louch, entitled "Insult and Apology." The concert was a great sucoess financially ; and, judging frem the hearty applause bestowed upon each member of the com pany who, one and.aH, acquitted them selves well, the audience must have thoroughly enjoyed themselves. The quantity of wool (in bales) crossed during the week was as follows Goonambil, 134 ; Hay, 170 ; Nbwrani, 90 ; Momalong," 56; H.R., 83; Teremia, 25; J. 12 ; Widgiewa, 88 ; Bnndure, 213 ; Burrv- gaa, 16 ; Sandy Rideres. £6 ; Cockotge- a«ng. 92 ; Rudd, 49 : Mai wain, 38 : New ton. 20. Grazing Permit. — Aie:c. Walker, iba, A'yrrleford. ' A Horse Run Over by a Train. — On Monday morning a valuable draught horse, belonging to Mr James Williams, contractor, of Wangaratta, was run over near Glenrowan by the Benalla six o'clock goods train to Wodonga. Mr Williams has a sub-contract for the delivery of fire wood at the Glenrowan railway-station, and had some horses there. He states that Bome three weeks ago he informod one of the gatekeepers that a portion of the railway fence a few miles from Glen rowan was broken down, but no notice was taken of it. He tracked his horses through this breach on Monday morning, after feeding them, just at daylight, and the next thing he heard was that one of them had bee» killed by the morning train, being struck bodily and smashed up ; while the other had escaped by a few inches. It is a wonder nothing happened to the train, as the horse was a big- boned one, and the train at that point must have been going fast. The question is, whether, under the circumstances, the owner of the animal will be recompensed for his los3 by the Railway Department. Mykslefobd Police Court. — On Fri- day, before Mr W. H. Foster, P.M., there were but six small debt cases, each of which an order was made for the amount claimed, and 2s 6d costs of sum mons. Two stage-carriage licenses were granted — one to William Youl, and the other to David McAlpine, both of Myrtle- ford. Entertainment. — The fifth of the series of " Silver Readings" in the Inde pendent Schoolroom, Beechworth, will be held to-morrow (Wednesday) evening, when, in addition to readings, recitations and musical selections, Mr R. Harper will lecture .on " Indigenous Ferns." Mr Milner Slefhen. — To-day (Tues day) and to-morrow Mr Milner Stephen is announced to exercise his ' ' gifts of healing" at Wangaratta, and at Beech worth on Thursday, Friday and Saturday. At each place he will no doubt have numeroas "patients," who will at his hands seek relief from their afflictions. We refer to the visit of Mr Stephen in our leading columns of to day's issue ; and acknowledge the receipt of a pamphlet respecting that gentleman and his works, published by his sou Harold, who is well known in the literary world. Medical. — Dr Skinner, who at the pre sent time occupies the position of resident- surgeon at the Stawell Hospital, has been appointed medical practitioner for the four Friendly Societies' lodges ; (Odd fellows, Hibernians, Foresters aud Rechabites) in Beechworth. There were four applicants for the position ; and as Dr Skinner's credentials show that, although a young man — being, we under stand some twenty-eight years of age — he ranks well in his profession, for which he graduated at Aberdeen, the choice will no doubt prove a judicious one. Licenses Not Granted. — Thomas Quinn, 52a, Tarrawingee ; James Mat thews, 7Sa, Bontherambo ; George Dobsou, 147a, Bontherambo ; James Pratt, 20a, Boiitherambo ; William Evans, 20a, Ber- ringa ; James Wilson, 3a, Cobungra. Licenses Approved.— Jerome McCar thy, 16a, Dargo ; Charles Gallagher, 146a, Jinderboine ; Mary J. Doyle, 188a, Bendi ; Alexander White, 4a, Hinno- munjie; William Alexander, 250a, Yabba. Grants Approved. — B. Docker, 24p, Bontherambo ; Jas. C. Read, la lr 16p, Bontherambo. Renewal of Order.— At the Wanga ratta Police Court on Thursday, before Mr McCormack, P.M., Mr Brown made an application, on behalf of a young woman named Harriet Meyers, for the renewal of an order for the support of an illegiti mate child, of which Henry Dale was the faiher. Mr Brown said the original order to pay 7s 6d per week expired in Novem ber last, and it had been allowed to lapse ; but Mr Dale had paid the 7s 6d per week until about eight weeks ago, when he ceased paying. He was a partner in the butchering business of Dale Brothers, in Wangaratta, who had recently sold out their business to the refrigerating com pany, and there was a rumor that the defendant was about to leave Wangaratta and take up land in Queensland or New South Wales. He would ask that the order be renewed for a long period, and that the defendant find a security for the fulfilment of the same. The defendant, Henry Dale, said the late firm of Dale Brothers had leased their premises to the refrigerating company for a certain num ber of years, and that his father, Mr William Dale, had supplied him and his brother with money. If they took up land, their father also would pay the rent for same. His Worship said he could not make the order retrospective by including the eight months. He would simply make an order for 7s 6d per week for 12 months, to commence from that day, and the defendant to also find one security in £25, with 26s costs. The Cup. — Among the numerous " con sultations" on the Melbourne Cup, the prospectuses of which appear iu our columns, will be noticed one of Bix thou sand members at £1 each, the investor in which has the chanee of securing one of 208 prizes ranging from £1500 to £15. Shares may be obtained on application to "Progress," care of Mr G. L. King, Melbourne ; or from Mr John Lascelles, the agent at Beechworth for the sale of a limited number (the list closing on an early date). The advantage of obtaining tickets from the lccal agent is that in vestors save the cost of postage to Mel bourne. Small-pox at Hamilton. — The appear ance of a case of supposed small-pox at Hamilton was notified on Saturday after noon, says the " Argus." The patient, a man named Wright, is a seloctor at Balmoral, in the Western district, and he visited Hamilton a few days ago to be treated for heart disease, consumption, and other disorders. Dr Scott, hi3 medical adviser, noticed an eruption upon his body, which induced him to believe that small-pox had attacked him, and two other d ctors confirmed that opinion. Under direction of the local board of health, Wright was removed to q tent in the police paddock, three-quarters of a mile from Hamilton, and the lodging- house at which he was staying" has been isolated and fumigated. Dr Chambers has charge of the case, and Dr Youl, president of the Ceatral Board of Health, will visit the town to-day and ascertain if it is necessary that a practitioner from Melbourne should be sent there to give exclusive attention to the patient. No information has been given which can enable the authorities to form any opinion as to the origin of the disease, presuming it to be small pox. Bicycle Tournament. — The Six-days' Bicycle Tournament in the Exhibition building, Melbourne, was brought to a conclusion on Saturday night. - The event wa3 won by Press by about a mile and a half. The following are the distances covered by the first three m.en : — PreS3 — 854 miles, 960 yards ; Rolfe — 852 miles. 1 579 Yards ; Thomas— 793 miles, 540 vams. L-cf.nse Declared Yoid. — Joseph P' 1 iJl., 21- c"i J" Sir. George Bowen. — Sir George Bo won, Governor of Mauritius, in conse- quence of ill-health, has obtained an ex tension of his leave of absence. He is now at Kisaingen. A report is current in Mauritius that Sir John Pope Hennessy will succeed to the Governorship of that colony. The " Daily News" believes that there is no truth in this rumor, but that.it is likely (hat whenhis term of office at Hong K011,- he.3 expired he will be appointed governor of one of the Australian colonies. A Fortunate Trainer. — Charles Archer, Lord Ellesmere's private trainer, is reported to have won £20,000 over Walh i siein' for the Manchester Cup, £4000 over Highland Chief for the Exeter .Stakes at Newmarket, and £10,000 over Luwland Chief for the Stewards' Cup at Goodwood. A New Farming Implement. — At the Chiltern show our old friend Mr Neill Jamieson exhibited a combined scarifier and harrow, which was awarded a special first prize. The imoJement is unique in construction and is thought much of' by those who have seen it, states the " Wah gunyah and Rutherglen News." By an extremely simple contrivance it may be altered from'a scarifier to a harrow, and wnen used m eitner capacity the teeth may be lifted clear of any obstruction in the ground, simply by raising a lever. The price is not high for so useful an article — only £10— and there is little doubt of it rapidly finding its way to public favor. News from Abroad. — The most im portant item in our cable messages this' morning relates to the attitude of Russia- That power is said to be concentrating troops in Armenia for the purpose of in fluencing the settlement of Egyptian affairs. Taken in conjunction with the > recent intelligence that the same power has concluded a treaty of alliance, of fensive and defensive, with the small Slavonic principality of Montenegro, this would seem (observes the "Argus") to indicate that Russia contemplates adopting a more active foreign policy than she has lately, which may before long lead to serious complications. With tho surrender of the garrison at Damietta military operations in Egypt may be considered to have terminated, the centre of resistance now remaining being the garrison at Fort Ghemileh, which is accessible by sea. Some time ago it was reported that Arabi had induced the Ulemas to depose the Sultan from the caliphate and appoint the Grand Sherif of Mecca as Caliph. It now appears that there has been an outbreak at Mecca, which has resulted in the deposition and imprisonment of Abd el Mutalleb, the Grand Sherif. This is the third time that Abd el Mutalleb, who is an "old man, has been deposed from the position that makes him such an im portant personage in the Mohammedan world. The Pope and Ireland. — The Rome correspondent of the London " Standard" telegraphs : — The Pope, seeing that mat ters in Ireland are going as badly as ever, despite hi3 directions to the bishops, and through them to their flocks, to cause the law to be respected, has anew instructed Cardinal M'Cabe to make suggestions more efficacious than those already made for the amelioration of this state of things. A Lucky Lawyer. — By the discovery of a flaw in the tariff laws of the United States, a lawyer named Begly, of New York, will, it is stated, reap a profit of several millions of dollars. Woollen materials have for many years paid a duty of 50c per lb, as well aB an ad valorem duty of 35c. Mr Begly, however, dis covered that the word "wool" in an important paragraph in the tariff laws had been omitted, apparently through a clerical error. He therefore undertook to bring a test action in the law courts on condition of -receiving half the sums to be reimbursed to the leading American firms in the case of his lawsuit being successful. The Supreme Court has at length decided in his favor, and the cute lawyer will share a sum variously estimated at from 5,000,000dol to ll,000,000dbl. " The "Elastic Skinned Man." — Mr Farini is now exhibiting at the Westmins ter Aquarium a middle-aged German, wli03Q skin presents a very remarkable peculiarity. The man's ordinary appear ance is in no way unusual, but he is able to draw the skin from any part of his body up in folds, from one to five or six inches long. As examples of thi3 may be given the skia of the forehead, which can be folded forwards for three inches ; that over the nose, the ears, the palm of the hand, and the back can be drawn out into folds of varying length in the same way. The Bkin, too, is movable over the sub jacent parts, so that on the limbs it can be glided up and down like the sleeve of a coat or trouser leg. There is no appear ance of subcutaneous fat, and when one of these folds of skiu is held in front of a light, the disposition of the cutaneous vessels and also the absence of fat are plainly seen. The causes of this peculi arity are, first, the absence of the usual fatty layer under the skiu and the extreme looseness and length of the fibrous pro cesses fixing the skin te the deep fascia. It i3 evident that the long folds of skin are not formed by the elastic stretching of the skin, for on observing one being drawn out, the akin from the whole sur rounding part is seen to glide towards the fold and help in its formation. The skin is not specially elastic. The two situations where this condition is most inconveniout are the palm of the hand and sole of- the foot, in the one case interfering with the firmness of grasp, and in the other with security in standing. Bible Reading in State-schools. — a largely-attended meeting of clergymen and laymen representing the various Protes tant denominations, and presided over by the Bishop of Melbourne, was held in the Assembly Hall, Collins-street, Melbourne, on Friday afternoon, to take action for the introdnction of .Bible reading into State-schools, reports the. " Argus." The meeting formally constituted itself inte a league, and adopted a resolution embody ing the object mentioned, viz., the adop tion of Bible reading .without denomina tional teaching as part of., the ordinary school course. A second resolution dis- vowingany intention to jpterfere with the cardinal principles ef' the Education Act otherwise than was declared in the motion adopted was also carried; .and a sub-com mittee consisting of .five clergymen and laymen of different denominations was appointed to draw up a statement em bracing the. general objects of the league. Electoral. --The new rolls fop the Legislative Council provinces to be used at the elections on the 1st November have almost been completed. . With . the exception of these for about Bix districts they have been finally, dealt with, and it is, we learn .from the " Argus," expected that early this week the entire number will be preoaPtd. As has already been stated, a .bill is now before the Legislative Council which provides for the compila tion of supplementary rolls to contain the names of -joint licensees and less-ca qualified to vote uauyv tiro JLilcciiuCes Qualifying Act recently passed., The Bordeaux Wine Exhibition. — Tho Chief Secretary has received a tele gram from the Agent-General, dated Sep tember 23, stating that at the Bordeaux Exhibition a juror has been allowed to each colony. Mr Seward represents Vie- toria, and also Cyprus and the Cape. The jurors report that new and old Vic torian red wine in casks are very satisfac tory. The other samples have not yet been judged. The Comet. — The comet passed perihe lion early on I the morning of the 18th, and at noon the previous day was plainly seen with the naked eye, as a very bright object, 4deg. of the sun. From its apparent motion in the heavens, it was thought probable it would continue to move eastwards, and, therefore, be seen in the evening following the sud. Cloudy weather, however, prevailed in Melbourne after this, and no view of the comet could be obtained, writes the Government astronomer. From observations secured j on and prior to the 17th a rough orbit I waB computed, which gave the following 1 approximate elements : — Perihelion pas sage, 17th September, 175 ; longitude of node, 353deg. 38min. : longitude of perihelion, 275deg. 12min. ; inclination, | 38deg lOmin. ; logarithm of perihel. dis- 1 ance, 7.6906. Motion retrograde.- From I these it was found the comet had swept half around the sun in less than two hours, and after this stupendously rapid ex cursion, was returning with a westerly motion over apparently nearly the same part of the heavens in which it first appeared. It would, therefore, be again visible in the early morning before' suarise. Owing to continued cloudy weather, the first opportunity of again observing the comet occurred a little be fore sunrise en Sunday morning, when it was well seen between the clouds, pre senting a grand spectacle. It is un doubtedly the largest comet seen since 1861, and, it is thought, exceeds even that in brightness. The elements of the approximate orbit referred to show its perihelion distance to have been one of the smallest on record, and muBt have brought thb comet at its nearest approach to the Bun, almost grazing its surface, for taking the calculation as correct, it passed within 453,000 miles of the sun's centre, and as the radius of the apparent solar surface is 400,000 miles, it must have been within about 23,000 miles of it — a somewhat alarming proximity, and certainly within range of the enormouB volcanic jets of in candescent hydrogen ejected from the sun in the vicinity of sun spots, which often extend 100,000 miles from its surface. The elements generally show a remarkable similarity to the great comet in 1843, and if not tho same, will probably be found to be a comet belonging to the same system, moving in nearly the same orbit. Tho comet may be looked for during the week, rising about half -past four in the morning, a few degrees south of east — its motion tak ing it further west, and a little further south, each day. Telegraphic.— :A new telegraph office has been opened at Kaniva. The Saltation Army. — The following are some of announcements on a placard issued by the Salvation Army in Leeds. The " Christian World " says : — " We have no hesitation in saying that a more atrocious document has never appeared After the usual proclamation of' War 1 war ! ! ' etc., ana an invitation to every body to 'join in the fight against Old Nick,' the plan of attack thus described : — 'Monday, oth June, at a quarter to eight, salvation charge. Tuesday, great exhibi tion of hallelujah lasses. Wednesday, fire and brimstone. Thursday, roll- called soldiers to deliver up their cartridges, Friday, at half-past seven, baptism of fire. Saturday, at a quarter to eight, rejoicing over victories won all ever the shop meetings. Sunday, 11th June, at seven a.m., knee-drill ; ammunition supplied to soldiers by quarter-master- general ; eleven a.m. descent of the Holy Ghost ; half-past two p.m., tremendous free and easy ; half- past six p.m., great charge on the devil ; nine p.m., hallelujah gallop.' Did Ibis placard stand alone, we might think it the work of some rash and ignorant ' captain;' but, unfortunately, it is only a specimen of the style in which the army is now car rying on the war, and tor which General Booth must be held directly responsible. No one who has any reverence for divine things can read this placard without being filled with a sense of shame, horror, and disgust." Military Reforms. — A writer in the " London World " says Her M >jesty appreciated the inconsistence of military medical officers saluting with drawn swords at reviews ; and her opinions, frankly ex pressed to the Duke of Cambridge, led to the order that they should only salute with the hand. The Queen also thinks their uniforms should not at all resemble those of combatant officers; and to secure for the medical profession greater freedom from danger in the discharge of their humane duties on a battlefield, proposals are "under consideration" to invite the European Powers to adopt a distinctive international uniform. If all army doctors, whatever their nationalty, were attired alike, an enemy would see at a glance that they were non-combatant ; but with a view to making the uniform " inviolable," a rale must, it is admitted, be made that " any one who endangers the life or maltreats a doctor or any of his staff shall be punished by death." These proposals are steps in the right direction. 