A DOGMA DISSECTED (To the Editor of the Border Watch.) VERITAS PEAEVALABIT. Sir,—The attempted reply to my letter by "Wapstraw" is one of those charac teristic effusions in which writers clearly display their limited information and want of profound enquiry in subjects, dogmatic or otherwise, of which yet they have not attained their alphabetic know ledge. Caring not to object to the dogma defended, he consoles himself by ingeniously proposing new subjects, showing unequivocally the tendency of his mind and the object in view; retreat ing from an untenable position and cowering behind another equally defence less. To follow, but at the same time to be argumentative, with one of such a vacillating proclivity, is illiterate and unprofitable in any controversy or point at issue. I have no intention to follow my friend's scriptural meanderings, and refute all his gratuitous assertions—some so patently absurd, others incontestible to any fair intelligence. He kindly intends no offence to the Roman Catholic body, but wishes to show some of their doctrinal weak points. For comment, I will extract a few salient points or propo sitions from liis letter, and they resolve themselves into the following:—1st. He objects indirectly to the word Roman as applied to the Catholic Church; 2nd, that the Catholic Church was not estab lished by Christ and His apostles, but Christian churches; 3rd, that Peter was not head of the apostles, never at Rome, nor bishop. The word Roman seems a stumbling block, and the cause of many prejudicial notions to those who never take the trouble to enquire into the origin of its adoption. This difficulty removed the entire fabric built on, such a basis tumbles on its originator. This is the key that opens and explodes the fallacy, of my friend's propounded theories. There are many reasons why the Catholic Church adopted the name Roman. It is a criterion or distinguish ing title, by which she is known from all other schismatical and heretical churches. As for instance the Greek Church, Arian Church, the Lutheran Church, etc. Besides this, this infant divine institu tion had many other claims on Rome. Rome was the mistress, the centre of civilisation, the ruler of all countries of notoriety then existing, under whose wing and shadow the Catholic Church preserved, nurtured, and fostered her immutable doctrines. It was endeared to that body by being the home and final resting place of its head and chief—the Prince of Apostles. True it is, that under some of the mighty Roman empe rors the Church suffered and its members were persecuted, many offering their life's blood for so glorious a cause. The blood of the martyrs was the fertile seed for producing new Christians. These were reasons sufficient for the adoption of such a title, and there is no necessity of adducing more recent ones, which binds and endears us to the head and centre of Christianity. I now come to the second proposition, "that the Catholic Church was not es tablished by Christ and his apostles, but Christian churches." To unravel this proposition I will show the precise mean ing of the word " Catholic." The Greek word kathalicus signifies universal, and means that the Church of Christ is not confined to one corner of the world or to one nation, as the Jewish Church was, but to extend to all nations and coun tries. This is evident from the xvii. Matt. 19 v.—"Go ye and teach all nations;" Mark xvi; 15 v.—-"Going unto the world, preach, the Gospel to every creature." This commission the Catholic Church ful filled and is fulfilling, and will fulfil until the end of time. That Christ established a church and not "churches" is evident from his entire teaching. In xvi. chap, of St. Matt. v. 18, we read, "Thou art Peter, and upon this rock I will build my church" (not churches) ''and the gates of hell shall not prevail against it." The Apostles, as my friend graphically des cribed, when they received the Holy. Ghost entered upon the commission which they received from their Divine! Master, "Go teach, &c.;" They set out on their arduous work inspired by the Holy Ghost, mindful of the promise they received from Christ, "As the Father sent me, I send you;" all possessing the same Holy Spirit, preached the same truths, propagated the same dogmas to both Jews and Gentiles alike. That they all taught the same truths is evident, as each one, actuated by the same true spirit, were only instruments in the es tablishment of one true church, which was to be Catholic or universal. This St. Paul clearly proves, Rom. xvi. v. 5.— "We being many are one body in Christ." Again, Eph. iv. 5.—" There is but one Lord, one faith, one baptism" So can there be but one universal true church ? Nothing can be more evident, or more consistent with truth than the institution of one church by Christ and his Apostles, and not that absurd and utilitarian principle of "Christian churches." That the Roman Catholic Church possesses all the credentials of apostolicity I will leave my friend to enquire and investigate, that he may yet learn to be one of the true fold and under the one shepherd. The third proposition, in which is in cluded three assertions, viz.—"That Peter received no supremacy;" "that he was never at Rome, nor bishop." As the Scripture is the basis of every dog matic argument, I will adduce a few texts to show; convincingly that Peter was constituted supreme head of the Apostles. In "the 16th chap, and 18 v. of St. Matt., which I have already alluded to, the supremacy of Peter is clearly laid down, "Thou art Peter, &c.;" In the 19th v. of the same chapter Christ gave to Peter in particular the keys of the Kingdom of Heaven. Now, the power of the keys is the ensign of supreme power and authority, according to that of the Prophet Isa., xxii. and 22.—"I will lay the key of the house of David upon, his shoulders, and he shall open and none shall shut; and he shall shut and none shall open." Consequently by saying to Peter, "To thee I will give the keys of the Kingdom of Heaven," he manifestly communicates to him this supreme-power, as to His viceregent on earth. After His resurrection He gave to him the formal commission to feed his whole flock in these express words, "Feed my lambs, feed my sheep" (John xxi.), by which He constituted him the chief pastor of his fold. ''There shall be one fold, and one shepherd." (John x., 16). When Satan sought to have the Apostles in his power, "that he might sift them as wheat," Christ prayed only for Peter, "that his faith should not fail," and left him head of the others, "to confirm his brethren." (Luke xxii., 31). Could there be any thing more convincing from these texts, than the headship and supremacy of Peter over the other Apostles. Again St. Peter acted in this supreme capacity as head, both when he called the Apostles, to deliberate about choosing one in the place of Judas (Acts 1), and also when he gave the definitive sen tence in the Council of Jerusalem, after "there had been much disputing " (Acts xv., 7), but when he had spoken, all "the multitude held their peace " (verse 12), and submitted to his decision. I need not adduce further proofs to show Peter's special prerogative, his supreme power over the Apostles and the faithful. That Peter was at Rome nothing can be more incontestible in history—that that city was honored by the presence, preaching, and martyrdom of the Prince of the Apostles—and that he was the founder and first bishop of that see is equally incontestible. Hence Rorne is styled by the more venerable ancient Councils, the see of Peter. In this the concurring testimony of all ancient writers, from Ignatius, the disciple of St. Peter, down the centuries of time, is unanimous. In the Roman martyrology the Liberian calendar, and early pontifi cates all concur "that St. Peter suffered death in Rome in the year 65, Nerva and Vestinus being consuls in the 37th year from the Crucifixion of Christ, and the twelfth of Nero." I will quote the words of some of the ancient fathers whose testimony is most convincing. Eusebius, in his Chronicles (x chap.) "Cum premum Antiochenum fundasset ecclesiam, Roman proficesitur ube evan gelism praedicaus 25 aunis ejusdem urbis episcopus perseverat." St. Jerome (in Catal) writes—" Secundo Claudii, anno ad expugnandum, Simonem Maqundum, Roman pergit, 25 annis cathedram episcopalem tenuit." What necessity of further authority to show what is incontestible, to substantiate what is universally admitted. To bring conviction to my friend I will give him the opinions of some eminent Protes tants. Mr. Whiston, in the memoirs of his own life, and alluding to this sub ject, writes as follows—"This is so clear in Christian antiquity, that it is a shame for a Protestant to confess, that any Protestant ever" pretended to deny it." Mr. Baratier, a Protestant Divine, pub lishing at Utrecht, in 1740, his chrono logical inquiry about the most ancient bishops of Rorne, says—" It is astound ing how any one acquainted with the early Christian history could deny such a plain historical fact." I would give ex tracts from the works of Bishop Pearson, Mr. Bower, and other Protestant writers of eminence, who wrote on the subject, but this I deem wholly unnecessary. One thing, Rome is honored by the hallowed remains of the Prince and chief of the Apostles, the brightest treasure she can possess, the grand monument of her adhesion to the Apostolic faith. The Church which claims apostolicity with Peter as its head, is "the city on the hill," "the pillar and the ground of truth," the one fold under the fostering care of the one head and shepherd. Yours, RITUALIST. 