DIARY, ILLUSTRATIVE OF THE EARLY HISTORY OF THE COLONY. By Mr. Geo. Fletcher Moore. (Continued from the " West Australian" of Decr. 5.) March 29,1840.-A painter and glazier who was doing some of his work here has charged me 2s. 6d. a piece for common 8 x 10 panes. I have been up at Ellen's Brook farm this evening, looking at the sheep. Have sold 21 wether lambs and wethers for £33, and a man has engaged to take 20 other wethers at 11d. a lb., weighed after the head and pluck and feet, etc. are taken away. Tuesday night, 2nd April.-The Governor and Mr. Symmons, one of the native protectors, have come up with me this evening to pay a visit and see the country, and in order that Mr. Symmons may have a formal introduction to the natives of this district. Yesterday our sessions were held. My old friend Coondebung, the native, received seven years transportation for killing pigs; an- other, Yoinap, seven years for house-breaking and robbing at York ; and two native boys got two years transportation for killing sheep. Friday.-A long interview with the natives. Had about 50 here. Afterwards we rode around all the settlements about here, and returned at three o'clock. The Governor is much pleased with this part of the country. Monday.-For a novelty there was thunder and lightning and rain last night, and a good deal of rain to-day. Found a sheep lying torn to pieces by some dogs, natives', or otherwise, so the nux vomica is in requisition to-night. Three ships are said to have arrived, one from Van Diemen's Land, one from South Australia, and the Queen's ship, Britomart. So I have had a requisition for 30 sheep for an innkeeper in Fremantle, to supply the vessels. Thursday; Perth.-The Britomart is to sail on Sunday, so, having brought this letter down on speculation, I shall be able to have it ready to put in the mail to-day. It appears that at Port Ess- ington there was a very severe hurricane, which drove the Pelorus (ship of war) high and dry on land and destroyed her, and prostrated or carried away almost all the houses at the settlement Sir Gordon Bremer was not there, I believe; he is at Sydney. The Britomart is just come from Port Essington. Her people say that the climate there is too hot for Europeans to do anything in. The natives are numerous,-a fine race of men, and have been friendly hitherto. The place was in great want of provisions. Wednesday, 15th.-I have been a considerable sufferer through natives and their dogs. In the course of these three days post on Ellen's Brook, the natives have carried off three ewes, a lamb, and a valuable ram, and, at Millendon, three dogs have killed four ewes, a ram, and a wether. The ewes were all heavy in lamb. I consider the loss to amount at the present value of sheep to not less than £40. I went out on Monday evening with some of my own servants and two soldiers for a long way into the hills, and up the valley of the the Swan River, where I was informed the party who did it, were camped ; but I I could not see anything of them. Perhaps they may have seen us, or our tracks. That may frighten them and prevent a repetition. I was glad I did not meet with them, for something unpleasant might have occurred. My flock there is lambing very fast. There are now 160 lambs, but it is a month too early for the grass. May 22nd -I have for so long a time intermit- ted my journal entries as almost to have lost hope of recovering the habit of it. This has arisen rather from my being very much occupied than from want of incidents to make mention of. This is the period for our Legislative Council meetings, and Executive Councils are also very frequent and very important, so that I have been very little at home (i.e. in the country). Our last Legislative Council was on Monday. I left this at 7 o'clock that morning after an early breakfast. Waited on the Governor at 11 ; went into Council at 12, where we remained till near six, having had several long and rather dull speeches. Well, next day, we were in the Executive Council till we could not see to do any more business. Then again on Wed- nesday another meeting of the Legislative Council, and, after that, a presentation of a remonstrance to the Governor from the agricultural body, about his regulations relating to land, etc.-another very long and unpleasant business which lasted till 6 o'clock. On Thursday I transacted what I could of my routine official duties, and intended to have come off in the evening. Just as I was coming away, Mr. Logue came, so I put off my journey determining to come off by daylight this morning. Some time during the night I was roused by dread- ful shrieks, and cries of natives sleeping near. I got up as fast as I could and went out, when a number clustered about me, saying that the natives of the Murray river had made an irruption on the unfortunate Perth natives at night, and had spear- ed six of them whilst they were sleeping. I ran to the scene of action and found that none were killed, though two of them were very dangerously wound- ed, but it is probable they may survive,-although one had four spears driven into his body. This cowardly attack was in revenge for the death of a Murray river man from a wound which he received in a fight with the Perth men some time ago. If they have always been in the habit of thinning down their numbers as we have seen since we came here, it is a wonder that there are any of them left. I was so occupied with them that I scarcely got to bed till it was daylight, and I had to rise again and, communicate with the Governor, and send a sur- geon to them and get them taken care of. After breakfast, business again, as I had to get ready the heads of two other Acts to be introduced into our Council, and I have brought them up here to try and make some progress in framing the Bills. So that, you see, in our kingdom of Lilliput, we have great doings. I arrived at 3 o'clock, and found a native wait- ing to get a promised reward for arresting or apprehending another native, who has long escaped from justice. Sunday night.-This has been a most lovely day. My Hindoo servant (Matu) persuaded me to cut down the stem of a banana tree which was not thriving well, saying it would soon grow again. After some hesitation I cut it, when to my utter amazement the centre began to sprout up again visibly, so that in half an hour it had sprung up half an inch. Why, Jack's bean-stalk was nothing to this ! He also pounded the clay firmly round about it, instead of leaving it loose aud friable as I should have done. Monday night.-A blade of a pen-knife ran into my hand today up to the handle. I bled like a stuck pig; still I stopped the cut with my thumb and then bandaged it without anything further. It cannot be very bad for I am writing with it now, but holding the pen very gingerly. It is rather unseasonable, for I have been obliged to write out the greater port of an Act today, get- ting it ready for tomorrow. Friday, 29th May.-Returned to-night from Perth. A most melancholy occurrence has just been made known at Perth. A child of John Fleay, a tenant of mine near York, has been missing now for ten days, and no trace can be found of it. The child was about 3 years' old. There are suspicions that it has been carried off and killed by the natives, but I do not think it is so. At present all is uncertain. I have been busied throughout the week about preparing different Acts. One very long one has been postponed for the present, to my great joy ; this will relieve me considerably. Saturday.-The business here is ploughing, sowing, harrowing, threshing, grubbing, and gar- dening,-all at once. Two men are ploughing with six bullocks to one plough,-very stiff land never broken np before ; one man harrowing with a pair of horses; two men thrashing, one grubbing bushes, one in the garden, one with the sheep, one with the cattle, and one helping in the kit- chen. They all make a pretty good houseful. Three sheep a week are consumed about the es- tablishment. I bought a barrel of salt beef a few days ago for eight guineas, and the men have be- come so saucy they will not eat it. There is no pork to be had. Persons who handle the wheat in which there has been any moth bave been sub- ject to a similar affection, something like stings of nettles, which turn to small itchy blisters ; some are more subject to it than others. It was sup- posed to be from bites of flies, but I think it pro- ceeded from some hairy exuviae of the moths, which produce irritation like cowage. Friday night, 5th June.-On Monday last was held or commemorated the anniversary of the foundation of the colony. There were races, a regatta, dinners, balls, etc., etc The Governor also had a party at dinner, and we went thence to the ball. Monday, 7th June.-I have made an entry this evening in my books, which I should think is the first ot the kind in the colony. It is this " Hired Thomas Gear (a native boy) at 10s. a month, 1st June." This is the boy Tunagivert, the son of Gear of whom I have often spoken. He desires wages now to clothe himself, as I have hitherto clothed him. Mr. Preiss the naturalist has found over the hills a species of jerboa. I had often heard the natives speak of it by the name of daddaar, as abounding in the interior. It is abundant in the steppes of Tartary. Its shape is like a kangaroo, but more delicate and graceful, and scarcely so large as a squirrel.-It has cost me about £45 for threshing wheat this year.-I have been thinking very much about going home, and perhaps you wil be glad to hear that I have 'sounded' the Governor, and he is not averse to it if I can make arrangements with Nash or any one else to fill my place. It is odd that though I did this three or four days ago. I could not bring myself to tell you of it till now, from fear that I should not accomplish it. It's in suspence yet, you see ; but I have not disburthened my mind so far. June 29th, 1840.-My last to you went off, I hope, on Thursday lost, by the Prima Donna, going, I believe, by Batavia. It is probable that the next opportunity will be by the troop ship, the Runny- mede, on her voyage to Calcutta, direct from Syd- ney. I have not yet seen any of the officers, so I know nothing of them, but they are to be-enter- tained on Thursday next at a dinner given hy the officers of the 21st on their departure. This will be a busy week with me. To-morrow there will be an Executive Council ; Wednesday will be our day of quarter sessions, when some natives will be tried for murders committed ; Thursday will be our next meeting of the Legislative Council, with the dinner afterwards ; and on Friday is the meet- ing of the Agricultural Society at Guildford, when I am anxious to be present, for several reasons, one being to mention that I have received from Mr. Manning, of London, two vols, or numbers of the transactions of the English Agricultural Society, with a receipt for a year's subscription, making me a member. This was done for the purpose, I suppose, of bringing our little society into correspondence with the English Agricultural Society. I do not know how he came to write to me and pay me the compliment He thought me the chairman perhaps. Another reason is that I have just received from South Australia a letter requesting Mr. Bee, Mr. Leake, and myself to forma committee to cooperate with one formed there for the purpose of exploring a route of over- land communication between that and this colony. They have subscribed pretty largely there (on paper at least), and want us to do the same. Verily they seem to have more money at command than we have. I have received by the same conveyance a letter fromW--;, dated 23rd June, 1839-', more than a year ago. ' The weather is exceedingly'' pleasant and bracing now. There is is a slight frost every morning, but the middle of the day is like your good summer. I ventured to bathe to- day, and enjoyed it very much; yet this is the middle of our winter, past the shortest day. July and August, however, are wet, I do not know how I shall be able to endure the climate of home again, should I arrive there in the winter. I al- most dread it. Don sum qualis eram. I'm not what I was in many respects-to say the truth you will see a great change in me. Time has not let me stand still ; bald, and old looking, I fear you will hardly recognise me. I often wonder if I shall perceive a similar change in any of you. It is sur- prising how the memory clings to the appearances which it last saw, and I fear this is one of the dis- appointments necessarily attendant upon a meeting after a long absence. Sunday, 5th July.-When I came to look for my horse tonight, at Major Irwin's, it had gone off, so I had no ready way of coming across the river without borrowing a horse, which I did not care to do, and I quietly walked through the river up to my neck, just opposite my own door, and slipped into the house unperceived to get a towel to dry myself. In the meantime the servants were on the look out to hear the footsteps of the horse, and when they heard me call out from the house with- out hearing the horse I believe they thought it was my ghost. As I came to the bank of the river I had some qualms about going in, thinking it would be cruelly cold, but I was very agreeably surprised to find it, rather pleasant than otherwise. Now this is the middle of our winter. I had a discus- sion tonight about the propriety of going home by India. Irwin advised it, but Mr. Mitchell says the monsoons prevail from July till October, at which time it is not practicable to travel. I think the first ship might be an American one, so there is no knowing from what quarter I might drop in upon you. Monday.-A native has unfortunately been wounded today on Ellen's Brook, on my farm there. A boy was charging a pistol when it went off, and shot the ramrod into a native who was with him. They know it to be accidental, but I fear they will not be easily reconciled if the man dies. It struck him about the loin. July 17.-I have delayed closing this letter in the hope that I may be able to give some more decisive information as to my movements, but I have learned nothing more definite. I think I may consider that I have obtained my leave, although in point of fact it ia to be made a matter of con- sideration in Executive Council on Tuesday next, according to instructions now issued to Governors I suppose I would not be allowed to go until the Legislative Councils are over, which may be three weeks or a month yet. After that I hope to go by the first opportunity which may offer. Jnly 18th.-I do not know how it is that one contracts a kind of liking for a letter so as to be un- willing to part with it, although written for that object. I feel myself lingering over it with a fond- ness which makes me unwilling to finish so long as there is the least space remaining to write upon, and yet it has often been spun out with but mere words. It is now eight o'clock ; the sun shining brightly, and not a cloud in the sky ; but there was a sharp frost in the night so that I slept in the blanket, and my hands are this moment benumbed with cold. How shall I bear your win- ter ? Oh, that I should ever say so of home ! Ten years ago would have believed it. Oct. 23rd.-I have been waiting here for some time in the most provoking state of suspense for an opportunity to leave the colony, but any ship that has come here seems determined not to go my way, and I cannot afford, out of my limited leave, the time to go their way. Within these few days past a ship called the Charlotte-belong- ing, I believe, to the Mcintyres, of Derry- touch- ed in here on her way to Calcutta, open for freight, as it turned out afterwards. But though there are 170 tons of oil ready, our merchants could not agree about the terms of chartering her. H.M.S Beagle has been here for a short time on her return from exploring the coast a second time on the Nor' West. No discoveries of any import- ance have been made, though the coast was examined in the vicinity of Depuche Island, which was always considered a promising place. There are still about 200 miles left unexplored, which have never yet been examined or seen. The Beagle was obliged to leave it for the present un- explored, but it is supposed she must return again to this coast for that purpose. In the meantime she goes to Sydney, but has to stop at King George's Sound, and it is probable will not reach Sydney for six weeks or two months, before which time I confidently expect that there may be a ' direct' opportunity from this port. It is true she may touch in at South Australia, which might present an earlier opportunity. The Beagle is to sail on Sunday next, so, upon the chance of this reaching you, to account for my delay, I send it by her. The state of suspense is very unpleasant to me, for I have vacated my house in town and let it for two years to Captain Fisher, and I am in doubt what to do with my crops in the country, or how to get them managed. In the daily hope of my departure I have omitted for some time to continue my journal which I now regret very much, and I do not write this with much spirit, as I still hope that I may arrive with you before it. We have always had a ship here before this from England every other year, and this is the first year that we have had sufficient to fill a vessel. The wool is all ready and the oil also, so there will be no delay or waiting for freight. I am obliged to close this letter hastily as the Governor has called upon me to accompany him to visit the school for native children, which has lately been established. I think it likely that I shall take with me to England the materials of a native and English dictionary, to get it published in London, as we cannot manage it here without great delay and expense. Nov. 10th.-Although I may probably be the bearer of this myself, yet I must write, as an un- conquerable desire to do so has just seized upon me. Would that that desire had been equally un- conquerable several months ago, for, in the almost daily expectation of my departure. I have omitted to continue my journal, and have thereby broken the continuity of the " thread of my story," and have lost the vivid recollection of many little cir- cumstances which I would gladly have retained. I can do no more, now than try to pick up some dropped stiches, so as to fasten them, and prevent the whole work from running irrecoverably. I suppose it is a stocking that has furnished this illustrative metaphor; and this goes to show that Penelope's web must have been made by knitting, as she, could so easily undo by night the work which she did in the day. I have forgotten the public events, I believe I mentioned the return of the Beagle, without any success in the discovery of any thing important, but leaving still 200 miles of coast unexainined. By the bye, we have rumours here of some large lake discovered to the North of Spencer's Gulf, in such a direction and in such a country as to produce an impression on the mind of Mr. Eyre, the explorer, that a connection be- tween Spencer's Guff and the Gulf of Carpentaria did once exist We shall know more of this present ly, for he is gone to explore that part of the country, having had a flag presented to him which he was to erect on the central spot of Australia. This news we received by the Lady Emma, from Hobart Town, with stock. By her I have at last received a lew letters which were sent in the unfortunate Black Swan. They are dated nearly two years ago, and are (some of them) productive of a very melan- choly pleasure. I have been twice over at Rottnest island to examine and report upon the prisoners there. Three died there lately ; one was poisoned by eat- ing a "blow fish."-I lost a fine young cow lately from a hurt given by some other cows. I have had a fine filly foal from a thoroughbred horse and a very good mare. I sold one horse to Gov- ernment for £68. Nov. 19.-The Shepherd at last has arrived. She seems to have outrun the Heroine, which must have left London before her, as my goods (I find by a duplicate letter from Messrs. Luckie) are in the Heroine, and I suppose all letters also. By the Shepherd I have one letter dated so long ago as May 1840 ; but no ether letter. As the Heroine is looked for hourly, I must have a little patience. Friday, Nov. 27th.-As it is most likely that I shall take this letter home myself, I shall merely make entries to serve as memoranda. I find myself mnch perplexed by having some of my goods mixed up in the same packages with goods of yours, for, as I must sell your things by auction, or dispose of them at once to some storekeeper, the packages must first be opeued to take out my things. This gives the rest a ragged, tossed, un- packed appearance and injures their sale. I have no means of knowing the quality of your goods, as I have only seen the invoice. The tap and screw appear to be excessively dear, or they are not the thing we want here. It will cost me nearly £40 when erected, and no profit that we get on our wool will bear that. Saturday, Dec. 5th.-I have been busied all the week. The captain of the Shepherd will not take our wool except by measurement, at the rate of £6 a ton. This would amount actually to nearly £50 a ton weight ! A bale measures 33 feet, packed without a screw. What can stand that? Our wool, with the enormous charges upon it, costs upwards of one shilling a pound weight to sell it in the London market, and by the last accounts we have got about 1s. 3d. a pound. If the settlers give this, the captain will load and sail early next month, if not he threatens te sail immediately.-I asked the Governor to allow mc to " retire on half pay " just now, so that I might make some pre- paration. He said there were so many important questions before the Council now that he would beg of me to remain as long as I could. As we were about to sit down to dinner the two Messrs. Lennard came here and dined with us. They were on their way to York. One of them has just arriv- ed in the colony. There is a French vessel here the Ville De Bar deaux, which must be upon a smuggling expedition. Sometimes the captain talks of going to the Cape, sometimes to China. I suspect he was trying to smnggletea, and was frightened by our ships of war in those seas. Common labourers in Perth have struck for 7s. a day, and mechanics of some sort are asking 15s. a day. Snug fellows these. Deo. 12.-Had a very long swim after a raft that had floated away. It is composed of two barrels, with poles fastened to them. It is easily made and answers for crossing the river on an emergency. My flock of sheep scattered some days ago, whilst under the charge of a native boy and got into a neigh- bour's corn. He wants to charge me £10 damages for what they have done,-rather heavy that ; and, besides, one sheep has died and several are sick and one blind in consequence of eating the wheat. Satnrday 26th.-Have been up at Menolup today to see the flock and cull some for sale. Hearing an unusual commotion amongst the natives this even- ing. I went out to them and found that they ex- pected the 'Waylemen' and Perth men, and that there was great excitement among them, not know- ing whether they would be for peace or for war. Mcnday, Dec. 25th.-Mr. Samuel Burges was here to-day. This place is beginning to look de- serted and neglected. Saturday night, 2nd January, 1841.-Have been kept in town all the week on business. I had ar- ranged to withdraw from business on the last day of the year, but Nash was not ready, and our ses- sions came on the 1st of the month, so I did busi- ness for him. The foundation stone of the first church in Perth was laid yesterday morning at 8 o'clock by the Governor, and he gave us a long speech on the occasion. I had to remain in town to dine with him. I have been in great doubts which ship to go by. The Elizabeth is a bad sailor, but goes direct, while the Shepherd goes by the Isle of France, gets there first in the hurricane months, stays there three or four weeks (the dearest place in the world). The passage to that is £35, and perhaps £85 from that home. The passage money by the Elizabeth is £80 in all. Monday night, 11th July.-I was busied all last week putting Nash in harness. He was sworn into the Council on Tuesday. (Concluded.)_ 