ENGLISH SKETOHES. [From our London Correspondent.] No. XIX.—THE GREAT CRICKET MATCH. The stern excitement of war and the myriad concernments of life in a great country pre- <*> vent here the unbounded enthusiasm with which Australians regard cricket; and so the match on August SSand 29 between England and Australia was only one of the events of the week, not the event, over which K^gl'*-' men talked. Yet this teat match aroused extraordinary interest, and probably bo con test on an English cricket field daring the last ten years has drawn to itself such general comment. You colonials, who get together 100,000 people on your Flemington racecourse, will not think much of the attendance of 20,000 persons at the Kenn'ngton Oral on cadi of the two days ef th? match—2o,ooo out of a city of 4,093,093; but you must not measure English interest by mce att ?ndance. It ia only those really con cerned in the game who watch it here, and fireat cumbers of cricketers throughout the country would look for the progress of the match jost as eagerly as the few who wen present in the flesh. It would be hard to say -?hether Englishmen or the Colonial Slaves were most astonished at the issue of the match. After the show made by the Aos. tralians against the Players and the Gentle men it was confidently expected that tha combined team would handle the colonials much as Sir Gurnet Wolseley is handling Arabi's horde. Knowing English cricketers smiled the sweet smile of complacency as they pointed to W. G. Grace, Hornby. Lucas, and LytUeton, and drew fmnmfjrt pictures of numerous "spread eagles "mark ing the devastating tracks of well-tried Bar low and trusty Peate. "Oh, yes," said aw enthnaiastic englishman to me, "you've seve ral first-rate men; M^nfloch and **??"? m prime players; but wait till you see a regular representative team, of oar best players. It's no use talking—your mem may beat the county teams. Fll grant they're better than the connuco ; but the Australians have not a ghost of a chance against the flower of English cricket.'' And thy is just about what everybody thought, 'mJmiitig very probably the ultimate victors them selves. After the match was over and the Australians had brilliantly carried the day with just seven runs to spare, my boastful and typical friend again met me, and with longdrawn face, and what Mark Twain would call a " kinder desed' look about him, coold only shake his head and mutter with M*. Weller, senior, "Who'd ha' thought it I'" But there is one eminently satisfactory fea ture about the result of the match apart from the honor doe to the Anatolians for the win ning, and that is the thoroughly "English" way in which people here have taken the thrashing. The deafening mars of shouting and congratulation which assailed the Aus tralians on the ovalat the end of the second day's play; the mad waving of nmlir??ll. tt and throwing op of hats ; the irresistible loud-voiced demands which obliged the colo. oiai team to come oat before the pavilion and show themselves—all indicated in sin cerity the courteous RwgjiTh spirit which, setting aside the warmly-held wish that tha old country might win, accorded heartily to the colonial victors the credit due for *>??j^ splendid play, and rejoiced in seeing the beat men conquer. It or was the kindly grating and cordial * appreciation confined to the cricket field, or the consequence merely of the excited feeling which the remarkably close finish of the game produced. Every where the recognition of Australian merit basbeenmoettborougfa; onthe oval on the Tuesday afternoon you might have thought that the spectators were all colonials ; next morning yon might have imagined that the editorial pens of London, Glasgow, Man* Chester, Birmingham, and Liverpool had been for the nonce guided by Australian bands. Hear the Daily Telegraph—" England lias good cause to be proud of her Australian sons. ? . Magnificent batting was con fronted by supremely €ffrctirebo?iiag. . . We do IlOt grudge the An?*r*li?.ii?*ligirlimTi^. won and brilliantly-obtained triumph. If ever a band of cricketers deserved to win, our stalwart fellow- subjects from the South undoubtedly merited the reward which finally fell to their devoted energy, their ontiriag: patience, their FCJOlute pluck, and their mar vellous skilL" We all know, however, that the Tettgrqph. "gushes" aut. Toe more re served and stately Standard admits in digni fied tone that "no one who watched the fall of the later English wickets could fairly say that the Australians did not thoroughly deserve their triumph." Of course Ido not mean to suggest that the public and the pip as) were elate with unmixed congratulation; that would be too much to expect whilst human nature stills controls courtly grace. So the Telegraph jna+.hfofr that very possibly the result in a second encounter might be, by the chances of cricket, reversed; and the Conservative organ winds up by confessing that "it is a little mortifying to English pride to have to admit this defeat so soon after having had to lower colon to the colonials in the sculling championship." But the general tone of criticism and remark u eminently indicative of English generosity. Several of the great London dailies gave no less than three columns to the match besides leaders—a concession to Australia such as has never been witnessed here before; no, not by that veritable "oldest inhabitant," Kennington Oval is the particular spot in all England where an enthusiast would chocwe to play cricket. It is five miles from the "City," but still in the radius of the far. reaching London streets. Lying to the south east it is not far from dapham and Wands worth ; whilst its only metropolitan rival— "Lord's"—lies away in north-western Lon don, near St. John's Wood. The Surrey Cricket Club keep the "oval" in far better condition and much smoother than the MaryU bone Club are ffole to make " Lord's. 1* The "oval.*' is a large space of perhaps seven acres, which is reached by a short narrow lane from the main road. In the centre of the area is the "oval "proper. As you enter the ground through the lane the grand stand rises on your left and the pavilion on your rights whilst away across the oval is another stand ; and, moreover, one or two special stands are provided near the pavilion and grand. Whoa there is a huge attendance, as on Monday and Tuesday, August 2S and 29, people stand about ten deep around the encircling rope boundary. Then comes a clear space of a dozen feet, perhaps, which is not occupied because jou cannot see anything thence save niysterious "back hairs" and the sbining beavers which everybody wears ia Eng land. Outside this open space arises the " bank," upon the gradually ascending terraces of which spectators to the depth of some sixty or seventy rows are able to glance over the beads of those in front. Thus the facilities for seeing are, like the ad vantages for playing, as near perfection as money and love of the game caa make them. When IW.OOJ persons crowd the " l?uik'" and press around the boundary line, the vast amphitheatre of human beings is striking indeed. On Monday the weather vas tolerably line, but on Tuesday the eccen- Ui. itits of the season asserted themselves, and the heavy showers in the morning tested sorely the patience of the crowded spectators and called forth a forest of umbrellas. The smaUness of the scores on the first day (Aus tialia €3 and England 101) was attributed to three causes, namely, the extraordinary good bowling, the general feeling of anxiety, and the wetness of the wicket consequent upon the heavy rain of the two previous days. The bowling certainly was magnificent. The Aus tralian was the better, but Barlow and Paste kept the colonists strictly on the defensive all the morning, hardly ever sending a badly directed balL Barlow in particular took five wickets for 19 runs — the five being Bonnor, Horan, Boyle. Blackham,) and Jones. But the champion bowler of the day was Spofforth. The London papers have unanimously revived the "demon nick- .name which had almost fallen into disuse dnring Che tour. He got seven wickets far 47 runs, an analysis inferior to Barlow% truly; bat, consider whose wickets Spofforth. took-W. G. Grace's, Lyttleton's, a T^ StaddV, and Hornby's, besides Barlow I*,1 *, Peate'e. and Ulyettfe. Bpofforth bowled is. this nwtcb quite up to his form cf IS7B and IfeSlL Tkim ?——n ha hm ham wry iwogtiUr and really mMclublc—ojcaaJonaUg be has ceemed to quite lose the eonning of his lef; wrist, waA players have done what they liked with him. But there was no mistake afcoat ?he splendour of Spofforth'a bowling on Monday. T3w break from tfce off was perfect and his pace simply terrific, so that Biackham had to stand several yards behind the wicket to receive the passed balls. The ?.rnnt cf the bowling fell on Spoffortb, as Palmer was obliged to stand out of the nAtvh UD?lfr mcdic*l advice. He b?4 i-traincd himself badly a forte iyht eailier. Had Palmer been Spofforth'a vis-ads, the Kneli-h total would probaMy have been ?very different, for Palmer's average has often, been better than Spofforth's. But Spotforth was a host in himself: one might almost say that he seemed to h^ve been reserving him self throngbont tbc whole tour for this par ticular contest. <J race's fielding at point was a feature of the day; be worked like a machine; but taken altogether, the English lidding' was rather wanting and not equal to the colonial. Throughout not a single bits man of either team dared to assume the offensive; the play was a perfectly unique exhibition of skfll and patience on both sides. Bat the excitement of tbc tirst day was bwtc apathy when compared with the en thaaiasfli on the second. England was &> mas to the good, and the reputation of the best English cricketers that could posribly be got together was fitted for a decisive struggle againtt the coanter-repntation of a team that had won nineteen and lost only three matches daring the tour. By 9 a.m. the oval was crowded, and the *ast mass of people re mained intently gazm? on the play all tbe day (save at luncheon-time), till at a qaarter to 6 o'clock the Australians had put oat the Englishmen for 77, after having themselves gained the 122 which left them winners by 7 nu. What was said as to the bowling on the first day applies equally to the repeated performances of Spofforth, who again took seven wickets —this time for 44 runs instead tit 47. Barlow's bowling, strange to say. utterly collapsed. He bowled thirteen overs without touching a single stnmp. Myste riously enough he had quite lost the pitch. Peate was even with his previous day's work, and took four wickets for 40 run*; bat the English bowling fell off sadly, and altogether six men were put on. The Australian bMders were exactly the same aa on Monday, Ourctt and Boyle helping Spofforth, who, bMMver, did the lion's share of the work, "lit match was won bySpofrbrthandMassie? was the remark handed round amongstcricket 'ng circles after the Englirh defeat was a fact; "and Lucas lost the match for v^gittx-.A" was similarly remarked, in alia* Mon to Lucas's ill-hick in missing a catch at long-off given by that reckless but brilliant bat, Mastic, when he had only got 37 out of his graod total (under such conditions) of 35. The miss was, however, qaite pardonable; if the ball had been caught Lucas would have achieved a feat. All day the wicket was : vactly in favor of the bowlers, and happily the colonials had a Spofforth to take advan. tage of the circumstance. The nicety of cal culation, which marked the whole play was well illustrated by an incident in the colonial nwningM. Murdoch had made a cut and had had got 1 for it. Seeing tbet Hornby was handling the baO, and knowing that Hornby hadhurthisarmandcouldn(rf:tiirowweU, the Australian captain calculated that he would hare time Cor a double But Hornby, quick as th?ugkr, tossed the hall to Studd, who threw it in with the usual cekrifcy, and so Huxdoch missed his. calculation by a couple of seconds, and had his bails removed. The fcwtpMiottihegi— tnepmodwiw??cH* victory bung in the rafanrr, and a singld ftiMolcalstiMi on either side would have itaaded the point—was when tfce Englishmen fcad-nued the More to 65 with a loss of three wietets. They only wanted 30 to win; Lucas and Ljttletoa were at the wickets and seemed tberot- gUy set, whilst SteeL Peate, Studd, Banes, aad Bead were yet to go in. What limiiili A?y<? had the Australians of t*" ij'"c ?out all these men for leas than 20? But bowled XiytOeton—taespeD was broken. AwJg wait tte English wicketa one after aoother. Xrc-nbliag with over* a-uMty,m?n ate mart wcot to the wickets, and ?Aer?aer*oua displsxreUred miOt WO* i iwlil Thw at length there wcm four vMlntfftofaUa?dlunaito hetMkde. But Bead yidded to Spofforfli's second baH. Then I?cai played a baU into hi* wicket. Barnes bad but tine to nato 2, and tten Peate—the iartnor-joi?fldStadd; made 2 by a l^bit utiwi? tpm&cftgtedbj; Boyle, Stoddbeiag not?utfor a blank. And so the score ended at 77—six n-igl?>? wickets ted gone for ? I jtttarj lC runs: six of the o?* wickets in sdl I -Kaffm^ai BpofforQi's irresi^ibte bowling, \ naaatainedto the last in grand style, and | iiiMiTii liillij thf BrtTrmr firrtrmtint nf snrh a teyiag occscion, had, combined with un paniQ?ted nervousness and "fuck" on the part of the Englishmen, turned the tables ! completely aad brought about probably the most brilliant victory ever won on aa 'ifo'E 1"'1' cricket-field .since cricket usurped the place of ihe old ? fashioned tennis as the national British sport. Of the C?aoously enthusiastic way in which the -mWA? at the otal greeted the plucky AaatraHao? I have already spoken; it bat re. ? mains for yon colonists to be justly prood'of , yoar stalwart and skilful sons, and to carry ; act the prediction of one of the great TjQndon dailies that "Australia will receive her cricketers with open arms." Of the jfpfa'ii* ?rf the match your cricketing reporter will duly tell you. I, as a South Australian, feel no wmaii pride in chronicling in less technical words a feat illustrious in the newly-opened yetfa^t growing annals of Australian sport. 