A FASHIONABLE WOMAN'S PRAYER. Strengthen my husband, and may his faith and his money hold out to the last. Draw the lamb's wool of unsuspicious twilight over his eyes, that mv flirtations may look to him like victories, and that my bills may strengthen his pride in me. Bless, O Fortune, my crimps, rats, and frizzles, and let thy glory shine on my paint and powder. * Enable the poor to shift for themselves, and save me from missionary- letters Shed the light of thy countenance on my camel s hair shawl, and my lavender silk, my point lace, and my neck-lace of diamonds, and keep the moth out of my sable, I be seejh thee, O Fortune ! When I walk out before the gaze of vul gar men, regulate my wriggle and give me new grace to my gait. When I bow myseif to worship, grant that I may do it with ravishing elegance, and preserve unto the last the lily-white of my flesh and the taper of my fingers. Destroy mine enemies with the gall of jealousy, and eat up with the teeth of envy all those who gaze apon my style. Save me from wrinkles and foster my plumpness. Fill both mine eyes, O Fortune, with the )lamtive poison of infatuation, that I may lay out my victims — the men — as numb as images graven. Let the lily and the rose strive together in my cheek, and may my neck swim like a goose on the bosom of crystal water. Enable me, O Fortune, to wear shoes a little smaller, and save me from all corns and bunions. Bless Fanny, my lap-dog, and rain hail stones of destruction upon those who shall hurt a hair of Hector, my kitten. Smile, O Fortune, most upon Dick, my canary, and watch over with the fondness of a ghost my two lily-white mice with red eyes. A Humble: Beginningi. — The wife of Mr. Henry Ward Beecher has recently been communicating some interesting details of her early housekeeping experiences to an inquisitive reporter. Some account of them may interest our lady readers :— When she married, Mr. Beecher was the minister of a small church out West, with a stipend of .£75 per annum. As the congregation consist ed of twenty- four women and one solitary man, who was afterwards excommunicated, the only wonder is that they were able to raise so much. They began housekeeping in two small rooms over a store ; and this is the way in which they furnished them :— ' My brother gave us a piece of carpet, and other members of the family gave us a cooking stove and two lamps. A classmate of Mr. xseecner s gave nun a set ot knives and forks, and a friend gave a set of crockery. When we got home we asked permission to paint the dirty floor. The proprietor denied our request, because he was afraid 'it would rot the wood. * Mr. Beecher threw off his coat, rolled up his sleeves, and helped me to scrub the rooms with soap, water, and sand. It was some days before the stains were got out. We were given a table and a double bed, and I made mattresses of cheap material, and filled them with husks. Then Mr. Beecher wanted a book- case. I saw a delapidated old washstand lying in the varc It was very far gone, but Mr. Beecher got it fastened together, put some shelves on it and it answered nicely for a book-case. On a piece of wire stretched across one corner of the room I hung a curtain of fourpenny calico and kept behind it my wash-tub, flour barrel, and cooking1 utensils. On a stick across the top Mr. Beecher bung his saddle. I fastened some sticks to the legs of the single bedstead and made it a high four poster. I hung a canopy about it, and on a piece of tape inside we hung our clothes. When we had company we took the canopy down.' They had a hard struggle in making both ends meet, but Mrs. Beecher agrees -with her husband in regarding these early days as the happiest in their life. 