MARION VERJION, OR, AFTER LONG YEAIIS. By MRS. LEITH ADAMS. CHAPTER XL Our last chapter was, of necessity, rather a> gathering up of dropped threads than a spinning of fresh ones. Now our story moves on. It -w as only a year before that that terrible pestilence, to which allusion has already, been, made, visited the Isle of France. And now, as if Nature was trying to compensate for and heal the wounds made eo' recently, an unparalleled richness of verdure and of blossom clothes both hill and plain. The eky was blue as the inner petals of a violet, blue, with a deeper, softer shade than we ever see here in England, even in the sunniest-day. T . The sea, lapped softly against the shore, gay-plumaged birds preened themselves in the Dranches, and little green paroquets fluttered from tree to tree among the oranges and mangoes. . And among all the brightness of .these eights and sounds, beneath tnat dome of exquisite blue, a woman wandered idly thinking. Her hands were full of flowers, "her eyea were lambent with a serene and steady light her lips broke into tender, dreamy smiles as she looked on the fair scenes around her. Six months ago Marion Vernon had seenin an English paper the notice of the death of Blanche, /wife of Clifford Powell. Esgi, - of Harley-street, and Merlewood, Bafeshlre." At ( the time sne read this notice with & shudder, riot of grief assuredly, for she~had had little in common with the woman whose death is told ; but because to connect the" idea of death with those shallow, resttas, • selfish natures that seem 'imcapa*ble of a. serious or earnest feeling is both hard andrepulsive to all of us. But as time went on the even tenor of Marion's life became disturbed by strange and wondrous thoughts, dreams of a possible joy to come. Was not Clifford free—free to come to her, free to seek her out ? - In this woman's eyes every flower began to have a fairer tint, a sweeter perfume than in all the years that were past. Her heart was like a bird that was always singing, And in any voice of nature, in the tumbling, laughing rivulet that ran down from tie hills, in every song of every bird she seemed to hear the melody of one passionate, sweet refrain— • " He will come, he will come to me soon f' The waves sobbing above the coral ree'fs' seemed to sing the same song, and the " hush of the starshine" that had once seemed to cradle regret, now throbbed with silence of passion too deep for words. She never doubted that the man ?he loved so well had done his duty nobly by the shallow nature linked to his. Equally, she never doubted that the woman he had loved and parted from ten years ago was as dear to him now as then. There is " love and love." And the highest, deepest, truest love of all depends but little upon external things, and needs not words and looks or sweet caresses to keep it living and warm. " He will come—he will come!" cried the fireflies, glittering in the woods at night. Each tin j' spark seemed a lamp of hope, each flower that blossomed seemingly striving to make the world more fair because her love was coming. He would be changed, she thought, older, graver—perhaps his thick IocksaImostgrey,and with lines about his brow and lips that would be new to her. Well, what would it matter ? It would be the same—the very same to her, as when together they watched the sunset .light die out from the bay bevond the old home; the same as when he kissed the lips that were all too cold with pain and dread to kiss him back ; the same as when he told her that he " dare not" bid her not forget him. Gradually she realized the intensity of passionate gladness enfolded for her in the thought of seeing Cliff again. " How happy you seem, my darling," said Aunt Abbey, as Marion came singing along . the verandah, her hat swinging in her hand, her head bared to the soft sea wind. To Madame Latr-eille's surprise and almost dismay, Marion threw herself on her knees by her side, hid her face against her bosom, and when she lifted up her head tears shone in the sweet, brown eyes. " What is it, child ? How strange you are of late !" said Aunt Abbey, caressing the soft ' hand that lay within her own. "Am I? Well, I am strangely happy, I suppose. You shouldn't be so good to me, dear." " Shouldn't I?" But the look that came with the query seemed to say that it would be hard in the speaker's opinion to be good enough. It was but noon then. As the day wore on Marion's happiness took the form of a restlessness that puzzled Aunt Abbey not a little. It was in all respects a thing so utterly foreign to Marion's nature. She, usually so calm, so quiet, could no more remain in one place ten * minutes together than any paroquet in the woods. From room to room, from verandah to garden, from garden to verandah, ever gazing seaward with a look as of an expectancy deep and troubled, Marion wandered. " What ails you, dear one?" pleaded Aunt Abbey once again, as night began to close in. " I do not know ; I cannot tell. The sea out there seems to be calling me. It seems to have something to say that I mu t listen to." Had the poor child caught some fever wandering up the hills? Were these strange words—this strange restlessness the pre-' cursors of illness? What should she do? What she did do was this. She got up about half a dozen times in the night, and stole like a ghost into Marion's room. Each time she found the same thing —a woman, white and wan, with wide eyes, lying sleepless in the dusky gloom, still expectant, still with a far-away look in her eyes, as if she were listening—listening, always listening—for something that was coming. " Are you ill, my dear?" the frightened old lady ventured to ask at last. " No, auntie ; I am listening to the sea." (To be Continued.) 