jnjlssmmblage of cumosi ties. A curious.- gathering has taken place for some clays past on the Place du Trone, Paris/ This' gathering is composed of artists who olfer themselves to the masters of the shows which are set up in booths as additional attractions to the gingerbread display, and of the masters who come to seek out these attractions! There are no offices, all the. business being carried on in a wineshop in the Hue du Rendezvous. The house is kept by a former wrestler of Marseilles. There is a public room where the artists assemble, and beyond it a smaller one for the masters, most of whom are men whose appearance denotes easy circumstances, and some of whom have amassed .from 12 to 15 or 1G thousand pounds sterling. From 2 to 4 p.m. the candidates for employment present them selves, and boast of tlieir powers.. One man gave: out that lie painted with his feet, and could take anyone's portrait in live minutes. " Do the"landlord,'! said one of the masters. The poor fellow with some difficulty took off his old worn-out shoe, set a brush between the toes of-his left foot, and set to work. "But that is' only1a blot ! " cried the by standers. "I can't do better now," lie replied, " my foot trembles, for I have eaten nothing all day !" He put liis old shoe on again and hobbled out of the room. The next aspirant was a "man-frog," a horrible specimen of the vagabond of the lowest quarters of Paris. He passed his hands between his legs from behindhand hopped about on them like the batrachian whose name he had adopted. This elegant accomplishment procured him an engagement at 50 sous per day. The famous giantess who follows him' is too stout to pass the doorway, and had to stay in the outer room where she raised lier dress and displayed an enormous vase as a specimen of her, attrac tions. One of the masters offered her a franc a day, but she scon fully rejected so deroga tory an appreciation, and marched out' after calling them a set of skinflints. A boarded woman, more moderate in her , demands, ac cepted half a franc a day and her board. A. jester, having spouted an amusing piece of iiabble. is at once engaged at francs.a day on condition of appearing 16 times daily. Three hairy-faced women were engaged in a lump, at 25f. a week. One of the applicants is a dramatic author, and writes for the theatres and fairs. ■ His real name is Lori meau, but ho is familiarly known as Bibi. Formerly an usher at the College of Yauves, lall, tliin, and bent, with long, dirty hair, and a miserable suit of threadbare black, lie seems the very : embodiment of a man of education degraded by absinthe. He takes a dozen manuscripts'from his pocket, aud begins to explain the, plots of his dramas to the only manager of a theatre present ; stories of young giris : murdered, blighted honor avenged, lost wills; stolen children, &c.; And such titles ! "The Captain of the Place Ma:ibert " (one;6f the most notoriously bad and dangerous points of Paris) ; " The Workman's. Child ; " 01j;a of Russia ; ' " .Tlie; Ghost of the Bastille," and so on. The director at length consented to listen to the reading of the 'first. of tht-se dramatic MSS/ When the author , has read it' the mauiiger says : . " Will you lake 40 francs fru it ?" " Eighty," says Bibi. "Fifty, if you will, or nothing," .-ejoins the manager. The bargain is struck '; the manager put's the-play into his pocket'and then goes .otf-to put it in reh- arsrl,, while Bibi. takes his .money and treats himself to a glass.of absinthe.' • The head. of the firm—consisting ,of himself and his two' sons—that exhibits, for I wo sous, " The Infernal regions and. their Inhabi tants," is awaiting a wild-beast tamer, and the owner of a waxwork show with whom lie is in treaty, and with whom ; he is to cine/' and we leave him to this expectation as we quit the strange gathering, which a iocal "pro tection "has enabled us to visit, the entrance to this curious assemblage of CGiididates for public favor being usually interdicted to non-professionals.—Cmdincntal Gossip in S. M. Herald. > ■ .-The Independent Gavncn.—ThexScots ma?i of the-2flth April states .that "at" numerously attended conference of Con gregationalists held at Edinburgh oil the preceding evening to consider " tlieir attitude and: action as Congregationalists with regard - to-the present disestablishment movement," llie Rev. S Hebditch, delegate from- the; Congregational Union of England and Wales (and lately of Collins-street independent Church, Melbourne), said that he had breathed the pure natural atmosphere of Australia, and had found tlio ecclesiatical atmosphere there equally pure and clear. For once in his life ha was where there was no state church, and ho assurer, hem that it had quite a tonic effect upon hi. . and he came back more than ever for i.; <■ Li'nera tionists. deferring to a convu.-in.on which ; he had with Mr. Gladstone a few years' ago, j lie said the right lion, gentleman remarked : that it seemed to him that Scotland was the .sphere ill which Disestabli^him ; ' was most alive, and expressed some little : inise that tliK Nonconformists were not turning their attention with greater interest and precision ! to that field-of the coming battle. j Mr. Justice Iliginbotham holds that a I stainless reputation is not inconsistent with a ' man falling into crime, Liberty of the Press in Germany.—The editor of the Berlin Tagblats, who was lately sentenced to three months' imprisonment for libelling Prince Bismarck, has just had his term increased by a week for having inserted a letter from his Paris correspondent about Gambetta, which the Court held to be blas phemous. At the instance of the Chancellor, one of the minor comic papers lias been for bidden circulation in Germany for the next two years. Mason and Hamlin's American Organs. —These splendid instruments are, beyond doubt, the best in the world," and are also the cheapest. They ai'e superior to Pianos as they never require tuning, are not affected by the climate, are made in upwards of two hundred different styles, ranging from £(> 15s. to £150, and any style can bo purchased on easy timc-piiyineiits, from 2s. Od. per week. Illustrated catalogues and all par ticulars on application to T. Webb, Agent Hare street, Echuca (near the Post-office).— 