\ ' ' r \ England v. Victoria Fine weather, a fair attendance, and an un surpassed display of thorough all- round cricket, were the pursuivants which ushered in the second meeting between Shaw's team of pro- fessionals and the eleven representative of V ic toria. But the fair conditions failed to bold all through the match, as the Victorians, in their second innings, found to their cost, being very unlucky in having to bat on a very bad wicket and in an execrable light. These cir cumstances will probably account in a groat measure for the complete collapse terminating in their thorough defeat. Undoubtedly, the best team won, but had the wicket remained true, what ended in a very one-sided affair would probably have resulted in an interest ing-— if not exciting — -struggle for victory. Some dissatisfaction having been expressed at Boyle's past leadership, Blackham was elected to captain the team in his stead. The Victorian skipper won the toss and decided upon taking the wicket, which ap peared in excellent trim, but subsequently belied its looks, as it proved exceedingly bnmpy throughout the day. M'Donnell and Slight proceeded to the wickets to the bowling of Bates and Midwinter, and both commenced with care. M'Donnell had the misfortune to be caught, after contributing 21 runs by superb cricket. Horan succeeded, but just as the Mel bourne crack was getting "set," after making 21, he snicked one of Shaw's into Filling's hands. Baker played a vigorous innings for 15, when he was unluckily run out, and Palmer, who followed, did not stay long, as after con tributing 5, he put one of Shaw's into the English wicketkeeper's hands. Slight fell a victim to Peate when he had totted up 36 runs by pretty and effective play. Blackham Re tired with 25 to his credit, the result of patient cricket, while Bonnor, with the aid of a " fiver," succeeded in running up a'score of 30. The Richmond batsman , Turner, played areally excellent and confident game for his total of 2L Vfuch to the satisfaction of the spectators, Boyle _ played in quite his old form, reti ring with 2o not out, while Cooper also kept his wicket intact- till the call of time. Taken altogether, the spectators were afforded an excellent exhibition of aUhqound cricket, every department of the game being repre sented. The match was resumed at the usual hour on Saturday. Boyle and Cooper, the two not- out men of the previous day, took their E laces at the wickets, Peate and Bates eing entrusted with the bowling on behalf of the visitors. The weather was fine, though rather warm for cricket, and the attendance very good. The wicket was in good order, and throughout the day played fast and true, though towards the afternoon somewhat bumpy, in consequence of the "wear" It ' had undergone. Both batsmen com menced cautiously, and by dint" of sterling cricket the East Melbourne . man added 12 to his score of the previous day, but failing to keep one of Emmett's " wily " ones under, Midwinter effected an easy catch, and Boyle retired, after making 37 runs — the top score of the innings. Minchin, the Sonth Melbourne colt, joined his club mate, who was batting in very nice form, and totted up 8 before Ulyett dislodged his bails with a fast straight ball. Cooper carried out Mb bat, having compiled 22 runs by careful cricket. As usual, ulyett and Barlow were the first who appeared on behalf of the English team. Minchin, of whose trundling prowess report spoke highly, and Cooper, took charge of the ball for the Victorians, but from the start runs came freely, the colt being subjected to very severe punishment by the Yorkshireman, though Cooper was treated with much greater respect by both batsmen. It was not until 50 had been hoisted that Ulyett sprang out to one of Cooper's, which he missed, and paid the penalty at Blackham's hands. During Ulyett's stay Slight met with a nasty wound on the left cheek from a ball which he attempted to field, but which rose and struck him severely, necessitating his retirement. Kelly took his place at point, and caught Selby off Cooper after the batsman had made L Bates partnered Barlow, but after the score had been raised to 70, the latter gave Kelly a chance at point, which he accepted. Shrews bury and Bates then got together, and the pair raised the score to 170. Several changes of bowling were tried, -but without success, fcall meeting with very harsh treatment, except Boyle, who, after sending down several maidens, clean bowled Bates, after that bats man had compiled 84 runs, by brilliant and vigor ous cricket. Midwinter made a dozen, and was then finely caught by Cooper off his own bowling. Shrewsbury, and S cotton, the next man, played out time, the former being 35 and the latter 2 not out. The fielding of the Vic torians was good all round, but Bonnor, and Boyle, the first-named especially, fre quently elicited the hearty commendation of the spectators by the brilliancy of their efforts. The match between the two teams was con tinued on Monday on the M.C.G. ground. The weather was cool, the sky being overcast with heavy clouds throughout the'entire day. The attendance was fair for an off-day, there being about 3,000 people present at- the conclusion of the day's play. Owing to the rain of the previous evening the wicket was rather heavy, and sawdust was called into requisition at several periods of the game. Shrewsbury (not out 32) and Scotton (2 not out) resumed their places at the wickets punctually at 12. The scoring was very slow from the start, Boyle and Palmer, who took charge of the leather, being well on the spot, and after adding 6 to his score of Saturday, or 8 in all, Scotton was taken in the slips by Blackham off Boyle. Emmet and Shrewsbury took the score to -245, when Palmer dislodged the former's bails after he had contributed 13. Shaw's life was short but merry, as '"when he had rattled up 6 he put one into Palmer's hands, and had to depart. Pilling, the English wicketkeeper, was bowled without scoring, and as Peate stepped to the wickets the innings was considered a good as over. But the crack bowler was not to be dealt with so lightly, as, despite all the efforts of Palmer and Boyle to create a disturbance among his sticks, ne maintained them intact until the luncheon hour, and when play was resumed aided Shrewsbury to raise the total from 253 to 285\. - Minchin relieved Palmer, and the change worked immediately, as -Peate spooned the colt's third ball into Kelly's sure handa, and retired with a total of 18, the re sult of very fair cricket. Shrewsbury carried his bat for a grand innings of 72, made with out the ghost of a chance. % His play was per fect in every respect, the hitting being clean, hard, and well timed, and the defence im pregnable. . Upon returning to the pavilion he was received with a well-deserved round of | applause, in recognition of his maatesly play. The colonial team fielded well, while Boyle and Palmer were in excellent trim with- the h».ll The Victorians made but ja poor show in their second innings, Blackham and Turner being the only men who batted with anything like confidence. M'Donnell was bowled by Bates just as he was settling down, / and by brisk play Blackham totted up 25, when he lodged a ball into Shrewsbury's hands. Just as Baker was getting, nicely set he w $s given but leg-before-wicket. jBonnor gave Shaw an early chance, and returned to the Sbvilion without breaking the dreaded " 0." oran was caught by Ulyett after malting 23 by fair play, and Boyle was clean bowled by Bates after scoring 4. Palmer followed, but Was dismissed when he had made 2. Minchin did not increase the score, as he was bowled by Bates for nothing. Turner, who pkgred as though he thoroughly understood the Eng lish bowling, carried his bat for' an excel lent and patient innings of 11. As Slight was still unable to bat, the innings ter minated for the ignoble total of 92. Bates bowled in magnificent style throughout, ob taining five wickets at a cost of 17 runs, and Peate ably seconded his efforts, as the analysis below shows. The visitors were thus left 57 runs to make in order to secure a win, and Peate mid Pilling proceeded to the wickets a few minutes before time, but 3 only were scored when time' was called. Play was resumed and concluded at noon on Tuesday, and resulted, as generally predicted, in an easy victory for the Englishmen. The day Was beautiful for cricket, and the wicket in good order, but the attendance was very small, not more than 300 people witnessing the con clusion. At 12 o'clock sharp, Pilling and Peate, the not-out men of the pre vious day, took their stand at the wickets to the bowling of Cooper and Palmer. Both batsmen scored with un wonted confidence and rapidity, much to the consternation of the bowlers. After making 10 by brisk play. Pilling lifted one of Cooper's into Boyle's hands, ana the fieldsman thank fully accepted the offer. Ulyett filled the vacancy, but contented himself with merely maintaining his sticks erect without making an effort to score. After remaining until Peate had added a dozen to the total the Yorkshireman paid the penalty of his pottering by being clean bowled by Minchin. By the aid of Bar low, who followed, Peate made the winning hit at twenty-five minutes past 1, carrying out his bat for a well and neatly compiled 33. Barlow was not out, with 10 to his credit. The Englishmen thus won the match by eight wickets and 1 run. Appended appear tbe respective scores : — the victoria1- eleven. First Innings. M'Donnell, c Emmett, b Midwinter .. SI Slight, b Peate . . . . . . 36 Horan, c Pilling, b Shaw . . . . 21 Baker, ran oat .. .. ..15 Palmer, c Pilling, b Shaw . . : 6 Blackham, c Shaw, b Emmett . . . . 25 Bonnor, e Barlow, b Emmett . . . . so Taroer, b Bates .. .. .. 2L Boyle, c Midwinter, b Emmett . . 37 Minchin, b Ulyett .. .. .. 8 Cooper, '"not out .. ..22 Sundries .. .. .. ..8 Total .. .. .. ..249 Bowling analysis. — Bates 124 balls, 46 runs, 13 maidens, 1 wicket ; Midwinter 148 balls, 38 runs, 20 maidens, 1 wicket ; Shaw 136 balls, 38 runs, 22 maidens, 2 wickets ; Peate 132 : balls, 32 runs, 15 maidens, 1 wicket ; Emmett, 88 balls, 27 runs, 10 maidens, 3 wickets ; Barlow, 28 balls, 6 runs, 5 maidens ; Ulyett, 99 balls, 49 runs, 4 maidens, 1 wicket. VICTORIAN ELEVEN. Second Innings. M'Donnell, b Midwinter . . . . 12 Blackham, c Shrewsbury, b Peate .. 25 Hqran, c Ulyett, b Bates .. .. 23 Baker, I b w, b Peate .. .. .. 14 Bonnor, c Shaw, b Peate . . 0 Boyle, b Bates . . . . . . 4 Tamer, not oat .. .. .. 11 Palmer, b Bates .. .. .. 2 Cooper, c Ulyett, b Bates .. ..0 Minchin, b Bates .. .. .. 9 Sundries .. .. .. ..1 Total . .. .. 92 Bowling Analysis. — Peate, 152 balls, 44 fun«, 17 maidens, 3 wickets ; Midwinter, 76 balls, 30 runs, 7 maidens, 1 wicket ; Bates, 75 balls, 17 runs, 10 maidens, 5 wickets. ALL ENGLAND ELEVEN. First Innings. Ulyett, Bt Blackham, b Cooper .. . . 88 Barlow, c Kelly, b Cooper . . . . 19 Selby, c Kelly,, b Cooper ' .. .. 1 Bates, b Boyle.. .. .. ..84 Midwinter, c and b Cooper . . . . 12 Shrewsbury, jnot out .. .. ..72 Scotton, c Blackham, b Boyle .. .. 8 Emmett, b Palmer .. .. .. 13 Shaw, c Palmer, b Boyle .. .. 6 Pilling, b Palmer .. .. .. 0 Peate, c Kelly, b Minchin .. ..18 Sundries .. .. .. .. 14 Total .. .. .. .. 285 Bowling Analysis. — England : First In nings — Cooper, 144 balls, 84 runs, 9 maidenB, 4 wickets; Minchin, 31 balls, 28 runs, 1 wicket; Baker, 20 balls, 16 runs, 1 maiden; Boyle, 208 balls, 51 runs, 29 maidens, 3 wickets ; Palmer, 240 balls, 92 runs, 20 maidens, 2 wickets. « ALL-ENGLAND ELEVEN. Second Innings. Peate not out.. .. .. .. 83 Pilling, c Boyle, b Cooper .. ..10 Ulyet', b Minchin .. .. .. 8 Barlow, not out .. .. ..10 Leg-bye .. .. .. ..1 Two wickets for .. .. 67 Bowling Analysis. — All-England Second Innings : Palmer, 44 balls, 13 runs, 3 maidens ; Boyle, 40 balls, 9 runs, 6 maidens ; Cooper, 36 balk, 21 runs, 1 maiden, 1 wicket ; Minchin, 41 balls, 12 runs, 6 maidens, 1 wicket. Victoria v. South Australia. Mr. W. H. Cooper, as delegate for the Vic torian Cricketing Association, has decided upon the following list of players from whom the thirteen to go to South Australia on Mon day next will be chosen. Allan has stated, by telegram, his inability to play. The team will be finally chosen on Friday qext, and the players, whose names are included in the list, are requested to- communicate with Mr. Cooper, and state whether their services will be available for the match. Hie following are the names of the players, with the. dubs to which they belong : — South Melbourne : ' Baker, Minchin, Rosser, Slight. Melbourne : Kelly, Coulthard, Logan, . Moule. East Mel bourne : Groube, M 'Shane, Scott, Trapp. Richmond : Morris, Stokes, Turner. Ballarat : Lawler. Bendigo United : G. Mackay. 