Sketcher. ULSTER FOLK-LORE. THE GREEDY AND THE EVIL EYE. The collector of folk-lore in Ulster finds many superstitions brought from Scotland by the settlers, as well as legends and fancies peculiar to the Irish population. The latter consist principally of fairy tales and ghost stories, many of them very poetical and graceful; and the former chiefly of supersti- tions regarding good and bad luck, and tales of witchcraft, which are more weird than poetical. But as the two races have mingled in the course of three centuries, so their folk-lore has lost something of its distinct character- istics, though preserving them in the main. Thus the Presbyterian will sometimes tell of his adventure with the fairies, and the Roman Catholic will assure you that the butter has been spirited out of his churn by a "witch-wife." Most old and middle-aged people of the cottier class in Ulster have strong ideas on the subject of luck. To enter a house where churning is in progress without washing your hands, taking the churn-staff in them, and "giving the churn a brash," is thought the acme of ignorance; and on leaving the house it is de rigueur that you should say, "God bless your churn, an' gie you the good of your milk an' butter." If a neigh- bour comes to to borrow a coal or turf, and neglects this formula, he lays himself open to the worst suspicions, and the people of the house will be sure to throw a pinch of salt into the churn as soon as his back is turned. To receive alms without blessing both giver and gift is considered very wrong. The present writer was in her kitchen lately when a beggar was helped by the servants, and she was surprised to see the cook run after the woman and bring her back. The cook explained the proceeding thus. "She took we'er meal an' praties, ma'am, an' she didna bid God bless we'er house an' place. She'll just bless the house an' place before I let her go." A certain old pedlar, a kind of Edie Ochiltree, welcomed alike in cabin and farmhouse for his story-telling powers, was g'ven a little jugful of sweet milk one day, with which he was leaving the house much pleased. Two children ran to the door as he crossed the room, and startled him so that he let the jug fall. His joy was turned into lamentation, and he angrily complained that the children had "blinked" his milk. He thinks it lucky to meet a horse and cart when he is setting out upon a journey, and will wait, leaning his pack against a ditch, for an hour until one appears in sight. He earns all the tobacco he smokes by curing elf-shot animals, and his skill is widely believed in. The Down and Antrim peasants on their way to fair or market will turn back if they meet a red-haired woman. The people of Tyrone and Armagh think it quite as un- lucky if the first person they encounter should happen to be a barefooted woman. Others are uneasy if anybody runs across their path, or takes a short cut; and others again are miserable if a neighbour should make any remark about the animal they have purchased, without praising it and wishing the owner luck of it. Old people say that the proper thing to do on meeting a fine horse or cow is to lay your hand upon it, saying, "Dear, but thon's the purty horse or cow! God gie you luck wi' it" In some counties no well-minded persons will make any remark whatever about any neighbour in his or her presence without adding, "God bless you." This custom has reference to belief in a greedy eye. There are people by whom it is not good to be admired. The fate of Bonnie Rosie Carlin is still told in Letterkenny with sighs and shakes of the head. Rosie was standing at her father's hearth when a poor farmer from a distant parish came in to beg a little seed corn to sow his land. He was given what he asked, but he still stood at the door staring at Rosie and muttering, "Dear, but she's handsome—dear, but she's handsome!" but as her parents afterwards remembered, without saying, "God bless her.' The sequel to his admiration was most disastrous. Rosie had been plump and strong, and rosy like her name; she began to pine away from that moment, lost flesh and colour, and died soon afterwards. We asked the woman who told this story why the poor farmer's glance had been so fatal. "He was one that had a greedy eye," was the answer. "There's them that has a greedy eye; an' if they look at a nice wean, or a handsome girl, or a cow wi' a good show of milk, some ill will be sure to follow; an' it'll be no fault of theirs for they canna help it. It was the fault of their mothers for half weaning them an' then giving the breast back to them when they cried an' fretted an' kept them frae their sleep. There's plenty of mothers does that, an' the poor child has a greedy eye ever after.' There was a farmer, a very respectable man, a neighbour of my own, an' his wife wouldna let him see his childer till they were six weeks old, his eye was that unlucky, an' him that fond of them he was just doting about them. If the people wad meet him, an' them going to sell a beast, they'd turn back, an' feen a bargain they'd try to strike that day. They wouldna like to see him cross their fields or look at their crops; but there was very little said about it, the man was that respectable." A Kilmacrenan woman tells the following story of another of these unlucky people: "There was a man owned a good farm of land an' lived hot an' full. But it was noticed that things went wrong wi' him, an' he couldna look at a single thing he had without doing it harm. His wife would ha' made him lie wi' his face to the wall till she riz the childer in the morning an' give them their breakfast, for if he'd ha' looked at them an' them fasting, something unfortunate would ha' occurred to horses, till he nearly stopped going into his fields. The woman was a second cousin of my own, an' she tould me how it was he was cured." "Why, Bell, I did not think a cure was possible." "There is cures, miss dear, an' this was how it happened: He hired a boy frae the Sheriff's Mountain—they're very know- ledgable in them back countries—an' the boy heered the way it was wi' the master. He was ploughing soon after he come, an' he sent for the master to see what he had done. The man was na willing to come; but the boy sent again an' fleeched him out, an' while he was coming he set up a ???big stone in the field for he knowed that the first thing the man's eye lit on wad be the thing the harm wad be done to. Weel as I was sayin', the master come out, an' his eye lit on the stone first an' it split in two wi' a loud noise. I ha' seen the stone mysel'—split in two paerts. The man was cured, an' his eye never did any harm after that." The evil eye is a very much worse thing than the greedy eye, because it has been gained by a compact with the enemy of mankind. "There isna as many witches now as there used to be in times gone by," said an old man the other day. He possessed a fine cow, and over the room that served him for a dairy he had nailed a large horseshoe to keep witches and fairies away. Observing the horse- shoe, and knowing very well why it was there, we took the opportunity of asking if witchcraft was active in the country just then. "There was witches an' warlocks in plenty when I was a wee boy," said Davie, "but there isna many o' them now. Maybe because the scriptures is spread abroad, and the people isna just as ignorant as they used to be. It's allowed the bad man hasna the same power. Will I tell you what happened, to my grandfather's own knowledge, at the graveyard- wall, new St. Johnston?" "Please do, Davie," and we composed our features to the gravest attention. "There was an Ellie Connolly that had a bad name in the country, an' it was said she could tak' all shapes she pleased when she went out marauding an' stealing. Whiles she'd be a cat or a hare, an' suck the cows in the byres or in the fields. My grandfather wae acquaint wi' her, an often he'd ha' gone into her house for a light for the pipe. "He was passing the graveyard-wall one evening, him an' a little dog he had, when a cat leaped down frae the wall an' attacked his dog. She snarled an' scratched, an' barked, an' yelped; but my grandfather seen that his dog was getting the worst of it, so he aimed a stone at the cat, an' she limped off mewing maist pitiful. "It was the next day he was passing Ellie Connolly's, an' he went in as usual for a crack an' a light for his pipe. 'Where's your mother?" says he to the daughter that was spinning in the kitchen. 'She's in the room there,' says she. 'An' why is she in the room?" says he. 'She's lying,' says she, 'it's just sick she is.' 'What's her sickness?' says he. 'I'll not tell you' says she; it's no business o' yourn.' 'Troth, it is my business,' says he, 'for your mother an' me's very big. I be to ax her what way she is. The daughter tould him he wouldna get seeing her mother, an' she got up an' stood before the room-door, but my grandfather pushed her away, an' went up to the bed where Ellie was lying. 'What is it ails you, Ellie?' 'Sure you see I'm sick, Davie Doherty.' 'Ay, but what ails you?' says he, for he juped (i.e. suspected) what it was, an' wi' that he pulled down the clothes an' seen that her arm was lying broken. 'What done that on you, Ellie? says he. 'Oh, Davie Doherty, Davie Doherty,' says she, 'weren't you the hardened man to hit me wi' a stone an' break my arm?' 'Why did you attack my dog then, Ellie?' says he. Weel, she was forced to give up her bad ways after that, an' the neighbours got milking an' churning in peace; but there was nae mair plentiness in her house; it was like other poor cottier houses in the country." "How did she get the power to turn herself into a cat?" we asked. "Some says," replied the old man, rubbing his head and looking reflective, "that witches touch their heads an' the soles of their feet on Midsummer Night's eve, an' gie themselves up to the Evil One for a year an' a day, sayin' some words o' a charm." "Do you know the words?" "God forbid, ma'am! But others says they go out on May morning before sunrise, an' trail a rope, made of hair frae the cows tails, over the grass while the dew is on it, singing: 'Come all to me, come all to me, milk an' butter come to me.' 'Deed my grandfather seen them at it, an' he was a man that wouldna ha' told a lie no more nor the clergy in the pulpit". "I'm sure of it, Davie. It was he who broke Ellie Connolly's arm, wasn't it?" "Ay, ma'am, it was. As I was sayin', he saw two auld wives, neighbours that he knowed rightly, trailing a rope along the grass, an' he heered them singing:— " 'Come all to me, come all to me, Milk an' butter come to me.' " 'Would yous steal weer butter from us?' says he, an' wi' that he jumps over the hedge an' snatches at the rope. He pulled an' they pulled, an' half o' the rope came away in his hands. The scare was that big on him that he didna stop to see what they'd do next, but home wi' the piece o' rope, an' throwed it down in a corner o' his father's house. The'd one cow near calving, an' it was only a wee drop she was giving, but that morning there was a quare milking. My grandfather was a wee chiel then, but he minded it to his dying-day. He saw his mother fill piggin after piggin, an' pail after pail, till all the vessels in the house was full. She was quarely frightened, an' when he told her about the rope, she throwed it on the fire, for she said sh'e ha' no witches' wark in that house." Variations of the same tale meet us in every county in Ulster. Sometimes the witch is hunted in the form of a hare for a whole winter. A large black hare baffled the Darry harriers for an entire season some years ago, and the country people said it was no wonder she escaped, for she was no real hare—she was old Fanny Callaghan, and the devil helped her. A white hare lived for many years on the Island of Inch, in Donegal. She disappeared in 1858, the year Rose Martin, the "white wife," died. Sometimes the hare is seen making her way to a cottage, and there the scent is lost. The huntsman of the Tullyannan harriers is reported to have seen a hare escape from the very jaws of the hounds and make for a hole in the wall of a cabin. Unable to believe his eyes, and trembling with superstitious dread, the man dismounted and went into the house, where he found no living creature of any discription excepting Dan Murphy, the shoemaker, lying on his bed panting, unable to speak from loss of breath, and bleeding from a wound in his leg which looked like the bite of a dog. A county Antrim woman tells the fol- lowing story: "Francis Dillon had three cows on his farm in Cashendall, an' one o' them, the best of the three, failed in her milk, an' not a drop could be got from her. Say's the wee boy that herded the beasts: 'Master,' says he, 'I see a white cat sucking Moiley in the field.' Francis loaded his gun wi' siller, an' watched for the cat next evening. Sure enough there she came, an' he fired an' wounded her, but she was fit to make off. Francis was a man that had a great skill in setting bones, an' he was sent for by the neigh- bours as regular as the doctor. That night there came an express for him to go to Rose Mullan that had got her leg broke. (Rose was allowed to be a witch- wife frae Cushendall to the Giant's Causeway.) When Francis heered that her leg was broke, of course he knowed what to think. Says he, "It was me did you the injury, an' it's me you get to mend it" says he, an' Rose an' her man hadna a word to say." "A poor traveller looking for her bit"—i.e. a beggar- woman—tells the following story. The narrator was once a servant in a lodging- house at Bundoran, a fashionable watering-place, filled with bathers in summer; and Biddy Gallagher, her cousin, was housemaid in the hotel next door. When the bathing season was over, Biddy remained alone in the hotel to take charge of the premises. Her wages were good, but she disliked the loneliness of her life, especially at night, when the wind blew off the ocean and rattled every window. She dusted and cleaned, and lit fires in the empty rooms during the day, and before retiring at night she swept up the kitchen, made a bright fire, and left everything comfortable there. One night, before she put out her candle, she heard the hall-door open, and, full of terror, jumped out of bed and ran to the head of the stairs to listen. There were many footsteps in the hall, and many voices were talking. The voice were all saying, "Good-bye, Miss Gallagher! Good bye, Miss Gallagher, and thank you kindly for your fire! We're away to the county Cavan; but you'll find an oat-cake, made of the best grain of Tyrone, on your parlour-table. Eat that to your tea, an' good-bye." Terribly frightened, Biddy ran back to her room, and there was her sister Kitty, that was lost one Hallowe'en, lying in her bed. Biddy! Biddy!" cried Kitty, start- ing up, "dinna taste their cake, or they'll have you away wi' them, as they took me." She disappeared as she spoke, Biddy utterly refused to remain any longer alone, and her cousin, who tells the story, came to keep her company. The gentle race, now banished from the green banks of the Foyle, haunted that fertile valley some sixty years ago. It was in 1820 that the M'Elhinney family went to live on a little farm between Porthall and Strabane, in sight of the river. Joe M'Elhinney was a mischievous lad of seventeen, and he soon became intimate with lads who were as fond of tormenting as himself. There was a stretch of gravel for a short way along the Foyle, two or three fields below his house, and there the young girls of the country used to bathe. When Joe and the other lads found this out, they made a practice of hiding the girls' clothes, till at last two girls were always obliged to remain sentinels while the others bathed. But one summer day the lads found no sentinels. They peeped over the hedge, and saw all the girls in the water. Maggie Lavens, with her floating yellow hair, Jenny M'Bride, Ellen Morrison, towering a head above the rest, and beside her little Annie Kearney, with her sparkling eyes and rosy cheeks. "Ay, there they are, and there's your Kate," said Joe to one of his companions. The girls looked up and laughed; then, taking hands, they danced about in the water, and at last did what no mortal girls could do—swam across the Foyle and were seen dancing on the Tyrone shore. Very much alarmed, the lads hurried to the different cottages in the neighbourhood. The girls were all at their spinning-wheels— Maggie, the yellow-haired, little Annie Kearney, Jenny M'Bride, and Ellen Morri- son. "It put us from playing a trick on anyone for many a day," said Joe M'Elhinney, looking across the Foyle with dim wistful gaze at the smiling cornfields of fair Tyrone. We felt wistful, too, and would gladly have repeopled the gantle hills and broad river with the elfin race. "Can you tell any other story about the Foyle, Joe?" "Do you know the Castle of Montgavlin, ma'am? I'll tell your ladyship what my mother seen there, for it was not in my time. When my mother was a wee girl, there was a mermaid lived in the river, an' on summer evenings she'd ha' sat singing on a flat stane near the edge of the water," 'What was she like, Joe?" "I don't mind to have heered. I think she was handsome, but her hair was green." Did she comb her hair?— Sie kammt es mit goldenem Kame, Und singt ein Lied dabei. Das hat eine wundersame . Gewait'ge Melodie. "Eh, ma'am; what were you sayin'?" "I was speaking about a German mermaid, Joe. I never thought there had been a mermaid in the Foyle." " 'Deed was there. The boatmen goin' up an' down in their lighters between Derry and Stabane wad ha' seen her often. They called her Sheelah, an' there's a deep pool near Montgavlin that they still call 'Sheelah's Pool.' "There was a Rhoda Gildea lived at the door wi' my mother, an' a harsh, ill-natured body she was. She went to draw water one evening, an' just out o' mischief she overturned Sheelah's stone. She thought the crathur didna see her, but next day, when she came home from an errand to the shop, she found Sheelah in her kitchen, putting her child on the fire. Rhoda let a cry out of her, an' ran to take the child off the fire, an' Sheelah went out at the door an' down to the river, singing: "When I think on my stane, An' you think on your wean, We may weel speak and look, But freens we'll e'en be nane." —All The Year Round. 