j : .DAPHNE'S LAST RESORT. \- Thore is no moro pid." " . ."Heavoa help us, thon," said Daphne M/Guiro, looking up to her mother with a ,wepiv, wifltfal, why-don'trtomobody-bny-ms- a-soalskin-snqne expression on hor oval face. Mra M'Gnire did not reply. Loaoiog her oanglo'ss head on a thin, white hand— tho bapatbat Vivian O'Rourke had callod " a . diraplo treasure that ono might risk his soul to 1 win, '/that, night so many y oars ago that she bad rojoctod His proffered Ibvo and causod him to wander away, in .wild: despair and marry ' Giroflo Quirk— rand, thought of how, had she plighted her troth to him, lifo would now have been a garden in. which pretty flowers wavod their bright Faces, instead of a wind-swept -waBte, barren alike of flowers and verdure. She remembered how, for the first few years after their marriage, everything woot well with Pericles M'Guiro, and how, when Dapbno was aftit&ttling; infant, he bad coma bomo full ono Zoning and told hor in proud tonrs that be had renchod the summit of bis ambition, he ;wag a ' 'polioeman. Alt these moworios of the past — the bitter and tho Bweot— came surging through' hor mind as she iookod out through, h'dif tears and saw Blno Island avonuo cars going, by like ghosts in the tvdight./ ' v Why do you woop,maqiina.".said Daphne, plabingher soft whito West Sido armo about the neck of the mother she loved so dearly— ' tho only mother sbo bad. "Ifear me, Bridgot," said Mrs M'Guiro, using tlio pot nnme by which Daphne was known at homo, "tbat our future mast, indosd,' bo a cheerless one ; that the coming days will ' hold for us only sorry and misery." '!Do not be aishenrtonod, mamma," replied the girl, kioking tbo dog off the front Bteps and kissing hor mothor with a warm, lingering I have-oome-to-stny -nll-wintor-aud-partof-tho- flpriugkiso, "Things may not be so bad as they soom. 'We have still ono hopo. you know, "ono resource in case all olao fails. Whatie it child?". asked tho mothor in" h'oavso, anxious tone, -"What is this hopo you speak of?" , "Doughnut8,"roplicd Daphne, spoaking tho word softly , and - with inHnito tondernoss, "Wo havo a jar of th'om down stair, .your ,know." ' ..." "ji'hon let ns tackle them at ouco, "said the' .Rriot-atrickon parent, starting for the xiahtry.- . Qown in Texas they call Oscar Wilde - VColonol," When begot ovor into, Alabam', thoy called him "Jodge/'aodin Kentucky he waq known as "Ginoral." 