ON READING SHAKSPEARE THROUGH. 1 ^-?- I .-/t&arSpe; ïpêclalor.J "ONLY those who have done much correc- tion of the Press for the works of other persons can realise the possibility of reading a book, paying 'Attention to every jot and tittle, to the placing of a comma, the correct- ness of a line, yet of having little or no under-_ "standing of the argument or story~'ôTTh"eç whole. Tf this be carried back yet aether ' step, it_.wilLgeneraUy be fouud_Uifli.-giy.en habits of exceeding accuracy, the compositor wlw_thüikOafe't_döö3 líía.'vrorÉ',Uio best, and,that no, good^ printer has any but the vaguest notion of what he 'has himself set up. Again, a reader may have to verify quotations and -allusions, and will "get into the way of fixing his attention with unerring certainty on these, leaving aside all else, by a semi-mechanical process. Tlie present writer has lately had a task, extending over several months, which has combined the experiences of both methods. He has had to edit-for the Press a text of Shakspeare, in which the conditions were as follows :-After careful " consideration, an edition was chosen which should serve as the basis ; and this was itself corrected as copy for the printer of the new text. Tlie basis text was the work of a foreigner, and though, on the whole,- it seemed the best, there were a few mistakes which arose from incomplete knowledge of English, and could not possibly have been made by an educated Englishman. Next to these, it was at once clear that the punctuation needed most careful revision. The poiuts to be here remedied were of two kinds-the" excessive subdivision of sentences-by interpunctua tion, a matter simple enough ; ¿íext, such use of stops as changes the meaning of a sentence, and this had to be considered among other various readings. ' The problem, then, was as follows :-To read the whole of Shakespeare with ¡is great rapidity as was compatible with needful accuracy ¡ to pass lightly "over those great tracts of the work in which no various read- ings occurred, but to dwell minutely on all such ¡us gave occasion to doubt, whether or not in themselves iiuportant,ànd, comparing all ingenious or authoritative readings, to come to a swift yet thoughtful decision ; to pore with equal intensity on the'speeches of Hamlet or Lear, and those of the Dromios or Boult; and cpnsider the entrances or exits of a messenger as much as those of a king. The efiect on the mind of the reader has been to bring several points into view not previously present to one always an earnest Shakspeariau student, but apt, as all ¡ire, to dwell on the favourite plays, and form his conception of the great dramatist mainly by these, with scant reference to tlie plays or scenes which his special taste led him to slur. It has been as though one who knew his own county,its general features, hills, watercourses, and .woods, were called on to take part in a cadastral survey, and give the same care to the new road, its long, unlovely lines, as to the winding bridle-path through copse and ford and along green lanes, The first impression, and one quite unex- pected, was of the acting value of plays, apart from their intellectual interest. In reading Shakspeare under ordinary circum- stances, we do not consider how many attendants or troops may be on the stage, our attention is riveted on the spoken words ¡done. But an equally close study of stage diiections brings the scenic effect before the reader, and it is far more clear than before why Shakspeare lent his collaboration to certain plays, and dramatised certain stories, which are in themselves of no special in- terest. " Pericles," for instance, is revolting in many of its details, and such incidents as are not so are often clumsily managed ; there is no sort of reason why Thaisa should have become " a votaress of Dian," without the smallest attempt to ascertain if Pericles were still alive, or to communicate with her father Sinionides. But the drama is crowded with scenic effects, mid all of a kind which might be highly telling, even on the Eliza- bethan stage. For though it is, no doubt, tine that of scenery, strictly so-called, there was next to nothing, the theatres weie well provided with machinery, if rough, still splendidly rough anil very effective. Bearing this in mind, the scenes in which Pericles commits his dead queen to the sea, and that, again at sea, where he himself is in a curtained pavilion on deck, and the barge of Lysiinachus conies and goes, must have luid great pomp and beauty, and might well determine ¡i stage manager to risk ¡i less interesting plot, while the concluding scene, according to the stage directions for which Mr. Irving apparently grouped the second act of "The Cup," must even in those early days have been magnificent. All the great effects of the plays depend either on machinery, such ¡is the ghosts in " Macbeth" and " Richard III.," &c;, the visions of Queen Katherine and Joan of Arc, or ou the grouping of masses, and those not unfrequently in two stages of the scene, as when, in the historical plays, persons appear on the walls in conference with those below. In reading some of the plays in this manner, the interest and even excitement never flagged ; in some, great tedium was felt, and this, as it seemed, to' the reader, independently of his own mood,or of tho con- ditions of his task from day to day. It was not always the worst plays that were the most tedious nor the best that were most interesting, when thus read, though it is not easy to do more than record tlie general impression, since no notes were kept on this particular point. ft is of course dangerous to dogmatiso from one's own feelings on what parts or lines of given plays were or were not by Shak spcare, in those cases where there is good reason to think ho was only a collaborator or refiirbishor ; but. there aro tracts of tho ; historical dramas, over which the brain and lia ml wore plodding on somewhat wearily, when lines were reached which were like the sound of a trumpet, and the dull sensa- tion wits quickened by what must have boon the' words of the master himself. Ono could fancy him reading the copy which ho was adapting for his own stage, and passing listlessly enough over the dreary list of reasons why the Salic law should not bai- llie English title to the French Crown. The long recitation had somehow gained posses sion of the stage, and there was no special reason why it should be omitted, but surely something might bo done to lighten it, to crown the prose with a few lines of glorious poetry. Thus it would seem, and the assumption is peihaps not fanciful,that after such lines as JCIng I'opln's tillo, and Hugh Capet's claim, King Lewis his satisfaction, all appear 'Co holil in right ami title of the female : Ho do I ho Kings of I'Yanro milo I lils day; Howliell they would hold up this Kulii|iu> law To bar your highness claiming from the female, and immediately following on, For In tho Hook or N"umboi\s It Is «lit, When the mun dies, let the Inheritance Descend unto Iho daughter, we got such a bugle-call as this, firacloiis Lord, Stand for your own ; unwind your bloody flag Look back into your mighty ancestors : Go, my dread Lord, to your great grandsire's tomb From whom you claim, invoke his warlike spirit, And your great uncle's Edward tho Black Prince, Who, on the French ground played a tragedy, Making defeat of tho full power of France ; While his most mighty father on a hill Stood smiling to behold his lion's whelp Forage in blood of French nobility. So too, among the carnage and horror of "Titus Andronicus" comes up the blossom of pure poetry, marking Shakspeare's hand, if he wrote only a part ; or giving promise of his future greatness, if, as some hold, it was his earliest play and his 'prentice work, as ' all such must be,but an imitation of that other craftsman No reader of Shakspeare,can be ignorant that he wrote whole scenes and created whole characters to raise a laugh from the coarser sort of those who frequented the theatre, and that even in passages where we shpuld least expect it are doubles emtendres and questionable allusions. But we do not naturally seek to discover these, and per haps a reading such as that we have de- scribed can alone make the vast amount of indecency which exists in Shakspeare fully apparent. It is especially marked in the use of certain words which had then a meaning now disused, and almost wholly forgotten. Some of these passages are, no doubt, to be explained by the greater free dom of speech in Elizabeth's day ; neither she nor the ladies of her court would have done more than have laughed a hearty, laugh at words which, to pronounce in women's hearing, would now be deemed an outrage. But this does not ex- plain all. It is quite clear that Shakspeare, like Rabelais or Swift, or Sterne, or Field ling, had a real delight in broad humour. But, unlike some writers of his own day, and still more unlike those of the Restora- tion, he never- employed indecency with a vicious intent. It is fun, and coarse fun, but there 'is nothing about it corrupting, or in its essence impure. The whole of the broader passages, brought together into a single volume, would do a girl less harm to read through at a sitting than many a chapter in the works of some of our most famous lady novelists, or many a scene from an adapted French drama in which may be no single expression which can shock a listening ear. It is commonly said, and would be con- sidered almost a truism, that Shakspeare has presented all phases of human life. To this there is one noticeable exception. He has no children, or next to none. There are no little girls, there are next to no little boys, for William, in "Merry Wives of Windsor, "and Mamillius, in '' Winter's Tale," come like shadows, and so, depart. The one exception is the bright witted and delightful Moth. Arthur, who is by age a mere boy, is raised by the tragical circumstances in which he is pre- sented to a passion and a dignity above his years, and does not appeal to us as a child, so much as a youthful prince whose boyhood has been prematurely taken from him. It may, of course, be said, and it is, no doubt true, that children are not suited for stage representation ; those of an age to present them, lack, for the most part, dramatic faculty. Yet not always ; we have seen a Moth whose performance by a girl of twelve left nothing lacking ; and we cannot but be- lieve that the circumstances of Shakspeare's own life hindered his study of children. He was clearly old for his age, when still a boy, and so would have associated, not with children, but with young men. His mar- riage ¡as a mere lad, and the scanty legends of his youth, all tend in the same direction. The course of his life led him to live apart from his children in their youth, his busy life in London brought him into the interior of but few families ; his son, of whom ho saw but little, died young. If our supposi- tion be true, it is a pathetic thought that the great dramatist was shut out from the one kind of companionship which, evett when it is in no tiegiee intellectual, neve palls. A man, whatever his mental powers» can take delight in the society of a childi when a person of intellect far more matured, but inferior to his own, would be simply insufferable. But, on the other hand, Shakspeare has drawn fully from those whom no one has ever studied so fully as he, till Mr. Hardy, the one modern writer who has drawn the real English poor. Many have described the artisan, the town lower class. These Shak speare did not like ; his Athenian clowns in " A Midsummer Night's Dream," his Roman Plebs in " Coriolanus,"are painted from Lon- don originals, and are not done in flattering colours. But his clowns, his gravediggers, his soldiers, his country lasses are the in- habitants of his own Arden, the true Eng- lish labouring class. It is a pity that he lias been obliged to represent them mainly on their comic side, needed as this was to serve as ¡i foil to his tragic kings or niiisquerading ladies. It is a pity he has not given us, except in " Winter's Tale," as Mr. Hardy for our own day, the pathos and the homely pleasures. But it matters the less, since what he has revealed has shown us how unchanged is the labourer. What he was then he is now, and we get a glimpse into his life, from which may be constructed what is not seen. Yet another impression, and these notes will draw to a close. We all say, and in ¡i measure feel, how thoroughly the same is human nature under all its trappings and in all places. Nothing makes us realise this so completely as to study Shakspeare in the hurried yet exhaustive manner of which we have spoken. Though he is careless about details, he never strikes a false note ; his nobler Romans are Romans, amd his Greeks are Greeks. He has consulted his authori- ties wisely and well, and been as true ¡is the knowledge of his age enabled him to be. But they are, before all, men and women, and all different each from other. Once or twice only he has deliberately repeated him- self; there are echoes of character in " As You Like It " fiom " Love's Labour Lost ;" Othello is another and maturer Aaron. But as a rule they are as different from each other as the men and women we meet, and they are as real. It is difficult to believe we have not known those with whom we have conversed so closely and so long, and to become assured of this is a great shock to the confidence with which we see and hear all that is around us. Surely, Beatrice and Benedick, Lear, and Cordelia, are more to us than the slight acquaintance to whom we bow in the sheet, or the tradesman who serves us across his counter. Shall we not wake to find these last are but dreams and figments of the imagination, and the true world is that in which we have lived so closely and almost exclusively for some pleasant months ? Tin: reports from tho country places in Victoriu sinco tho lato rains aro much moro encouraging than they were, hut for soino of tho wheat the change in tho "weather carno almost too late. Had tho rains fallon a month earlier it is thought tho harvont would have been exceptionally good ; as it is, all tho early wheat has dotei ¡orated from 25 to 50 per cent, and tho lato crops oio likoly to yield well if hot w ¡mis keep off while tho grain is swelling. Barley is doing fairly well, especially nineo tho rain. OuU me moro or les» a failure, except sonic \aricties which appear to stand drought hotter than tho Tartarian and Canadian. In South Australia tho roports from tho wheat districts are very discouraging, in soiuo places the crops being Irretrievably lost, while in tho majority of enies thoy are light und failing. Mr. J. White, as a dolegato from tho Quorn burnell of the Kärrners' Association in the above-mentioned colony, in at present on a tour through the other colonies for the express purpose of reporting upon tho advantages thoy may otter to the farmers who aro anxious to try " fresh fields and pastures now." Ills report, as given in tho Adelaida Obmrerr of tho 28th ultimo, is decidedly lu favour of Victoria and Js'cw South Wales. It is to bo hoped his steps will turn Quponslandnnrds, for, being a practical map, his opinion of our hinds and prospects will be of groat vnlyjj, and ho will probably soo much that wlirbölo tho advantage of his suíforliig countrymen.-Quetiulatuter. 