HAWAII. Captain Stephens, of H.M.S. "Thetis," has written home the following very interesting letter :— "H.M.S. Thetis, June 28. "The town lays at the foot and side of a beautiful valley with high mountains on either side, and for some two miles on either side of the valley road are ensconced amongst the richest profusion of foliage the cool and unpretending-looking residences of the society of Honolulu. The natives are so joyous, unsuspicious, confiding, and generous, that it is impossible not to take a fancy to them. It is sad to think that in a few years they will be a race of the past, as at present, they are dying at the rate of 2,000 per annum. When Captain Cook discovered the islands he esti- mated the population of the whole group at 400,000. The last census (1878) gave about 56,000. This rapid extinction is to be attri- buted to the immoral habits of the people before they received Christianity. Their sole idea of life was to enjoy it. The marriage tie was unknown. Women systematically murdered their children, in order not to have the trouble of rearing them. Men and women abandoned themselves to the most frightful orgies. Drunkenness, the parent of every other vice, was rampant. In short, the Ha- waiian kingdom was a pandemonium. Such was the state of the people when the first American missionaries arrived in the year 1820\. Shortly after their arrival they saw at once that they must get hold of the children ; so a meeting was arranged, and the mothers asked to bring their children with them. A large number of women attended, and those who had brought their children were proud of them, but the great majority were without children. ' Why are you childless ?' One woman replied in tears, holding out her hands, ' These must answer the question ! I have been the mother of eight children, but with these hands I buried them alive one after another, that I might follow my pleasures and avoid growing old. Oh ! if I had but one of them back again, to comfort me now ! If tears and penitence could restore the dead !' She was followed by others making the same sad confessions of burying alive, of strang- ling, of smothering, until tears and sobs filled the house. ' Oh !' said one, ' you have little idea of our heartless depravity before we had the Word of God. We thought only of pre- serving our youth and beauty, following, the train of our kings and chiefs, singing and dancing and being merry. We only cared for the present pleasures. Such was our dark- ness !' No wonder that God should have poured out His wrath upon them and have visited them in anger. One disease that has made great ravages amongst them is leprosy. When we were sailing by the beautiful island of Molokai, admiring the lovely scenery, its fairy-like glens, its silvery cascades, the rich profusion of vegetation, the lights and sha- dows cast on it by the setting sun, little did we think that the clean- looking, systemati- cally laid out town that we saw nestling at the foot of the rugged yet verdure-clothed mountains towering 2,000 feet above it was a leper town ; and yet so it was. The spires of two unpretending-looking modern churches told us that it was a Christian place, but little did we think that none but lepers inhabited it. Of all the wonderful successes achieved by the Gospel, the conversion of the Hawaiian race stands pre-eminent. In the year 1819 they were to be reckoned amongst the veriest savages on the face of the globe. 'Tis true they have never been credited with being cannibals, but human sacrifices and other hellish practices were universal. Originally the islands were independent of each other, but the King of Hawaii—Kamehameha— subjugated them and constituted them into one kingdom. He was a great man, and only died one year before the Gospel came to his shores. For some reason or other (and I could get no satisfactory information on this point), he abolished all the idols in his king- dom just before the first missionaries landed, so that they found one obstacle to their suc- cess removed. The remains of their temples are still to be seen, and some of their idols have been found. A most interesting and curious feature in their idol-worship was that they had temples of refuge. On the large island of Hawaii there were two such. The gates of the temple stood perpetually open, and thither the murderer, the manslayer, or other fugitive repaired to the presence of the idol, purused often to the very threshold, but once inside he was safe from king, chief, or avenger. After a certain time the fugitives were allowed to return home and none dared to injure those to whom the high gods had granted protection. When the missionaries arrived, they found a people prepared to receive the Gospel. The news of 'an endless life in Jesus' appears to have been regarded by them as the most joy- ful news they ever heard. In the year 1821, three of the missionaries and their wives were presented to the King, who received them in regal state. His five Queens stood on his right, two of them his half-sisters. After the introduction had taken place, the King turned to the Queen nearest to him, and' said, ' These foreigners wish to remain in our kingdom and teach a new religion. One of their peculiar doctrines is that a man must have but one wife. If they remain I shall be obliged to send away four of you.' ' Let it be so,' promptly, replied ; ' let them remain and be it as you say.' As each of the Queens weighed from 300 to 400 lbs. each, I should the King was not sorry at their decision. Beauty, according to Hawaiian fancy, is by weight. One of the Princesses now at Hono- lulu weighs over 400 lbs. " But it was not until the year 1837 that the great wave of God's spirit passed over the islands. The people were then affected by masses. In the big island of Hawaii there were only two missionaries, and in the district they lived there were 15,000 people scattered over 100 miles, ravenous for the Gospel. The poor missionaries were nearly killed with work, and must have succumbed had not the impatience of the people made them cluster round them. Grass and banana houses ap- peared as if by magic, and in a short time the little village of 1,000 people where they lived swelled to 10,000. At any hour of the day or night the sound of the shell-horn brought together often 6,000 worshippers. There was no disorder in this strangely extemporised city ; quietness reigned, each one seemingly having his mind bent upon the one object of seeking to know the true God. This lasted for two years. On the first Sunday in July, 1838, a great baptism took place. The great- est care had been taken in teaching, watch- ing, and examining the candidates. Many were converts of two years' standing. On that Sunday morning, 1,705 persons, formerly heathens, were baptized. They were seated in rows on the ground close together, and the two missionaries passed through them sprink- ling them. After they had all been sprinkled the missionary pronounced the words, ' I bap- tize you in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost.' The majority were in tears. After this 2,400 converts re- ceived the Holy Communion. These two missionaries are still alive, and live in the same place. They are venerable men, and have wonderful accounts to give of their early days in Hawaii. Mr. Coan and Mr. Lyman are their names. I had a letter of introduction to the first-named gentleman, from Mr. Cayford's friend, Mr. Arundel, whom I mentioned in my letter from Hono- lulu. There are now fifteen churches in the district I have been speaking of, divided into seven congregations ; six of them have native pastors. Besides liberally sustaining their pastors, they contribute annually 1,200 dollars for foreign missions, and twelve of their number have gone as missionaries to the South Sea Islands. One story told of them is very good. They are a very keen people, and easily detect peculiarities or inconsistencies. One day one of them asked, ' Have you differ- ent gods ?' 'Different gods ? No, we all worship the same living and true God.' ' Do you have different Bibles ?' 'Certainly not. There is but one Bible, written by men, di- vinely inspired.' ' Have you all the same Saviour ?' ' Yes, the same.' Well, then, with the same God, the same Saviour, and the same Bible, we cannot understand why you differ.' The question was doubtless put after the arrival of the Roman Catholics and other sects." 