MISCELLANEOUS. Snow fell oa the Tarcowie ranges on Thursday night last. All the camels have been taken off the Mount Browne road, and are now en route for Beltana. Over two million pounds of fresh salmon are annually exported from Canada to England. Mr. J. W. Venning, of Crystal Brook, was thrown from his horse the other day, and his leg was rather severely injured. The other day Mounted- Constable Mc Corrow, who is stationed at Melrose, was thrown from his horse, and his shoulder Was dislocated by the fall. The acclimatisation of the industry of ostrich farming in Victoria has been suc cessfully accomplished by Messrs. Officer Bros., of the Murray Downs. Japan is thoroughly awake in the matter of education. She has established schools all through the country, and at the uni versity of Tokio there are now 200 students. In one of the thoroughfares in Sydney about noon on Saturday last, a married lady named Phillips was knocked down by two roughs, and robbed of her purse and ear rings. The thieves effected their escape. At Mount Gambier twenty-four parents were proceeded against by the school visitor for non-compliance with the compulsory clause. Several were fined, and others made excuses, promising to send their children to school regularly in future. The Register understands that Frederick King, who was convicted of a horrible crime on a little girl under 10 years of age, at Port Augusta, and sentenced last March to two years' imprisonment, has been par doned by the Governor. A Bill for the punishment of wife-beaters in England, introduced by four Irish mem bers, proposes that persons convicted of an assault on women may be exposed in a pub lic pillory, the words ' woman-beater' or *' wife-beater' to be placed on a board over the pillory. On the second offence within three years the offender may be whipped. A person who describes himself *' Tourist' in the Gladstone paper, and who had suc ceeded in securing a ' pauper ticket' which entitled him to a free pass to Farina and back, says : — ' Amongst our company was the renowned anti-ahouter of Glare, but we found that this gentleman did not carry these principles with him. On inquiring the reason I was informed that this anti business did not extend beyond the bounds of the Corporation of Clare.' A prominent physician Bays that if mothers did not take up the senseless prattle of babies and hurl it back at diem, under the plea that it is 'baby talk,' children would learn sooner how to talk plain. They repeat the jumble of syllables that they first hear. That's the idea ! Instead of saying of soapy water: 'I doesn't fink it tastes dood,' you can just as well have Mr. Two year-old observe : ' The taste of soap com bined with aqueous fluid is not agieeable to me.' Our (AJbury Banner) Gorowa correspon dent writes : — ' For years it has been re ported that a ghost of a murdered man haunted the Billalong. I have much plea sure in informing any travellers that the re ported ghost, owing to the late stringent measures adopted by the Stock and Pasture Board, has fallen a victim to the rifle of the hunter. It turns out to be a white kangaroo, the skin of which has been purchased by Mr. H. Culley, of Mrana.' The P. A. Dispatch Baye,: — A few days ago Mr. D, Radford, of Kalibrindi, while out with his son five years of age, killed a large carpet snake measuring 6 feet 8 inches in length by 3| inches in circumference. The little boy was getting through a wire fence within 'a few feet of the reptile and called his father's attention to it, who had the greatest difficulty in holding the snake with a epade after its back was broken. Professor A. E. Blount says that a single grain of wheat cannot carry out its habits and develop according to its nature on less than 16 square inches of land, and that every pound of seed wheat should be made to produce its bushel all over the world ; also that the sowing of large quantities of seed to get a good stand is the worst kind of economy, as the farmer loses his seed and never in any instance can make as large a yield as by thin sowing. In a mine near the busy centre of St. Etienne, a French mining engineer, in boring at a depth of 1,500 ft., is reported to have come upon a hot spring, whose waters rushed forth in a column to a height of nearly 80 ft. above the surface of the earth. It is similar in height and heat to the so called Stracke Geyser, and is strongly impregnated with carbonic acid. The French Academy of Sciences have deter mined to send a deputation to examine minutely into the peculiarities of this phenomenon. A raven once caused a newspaper editor much trouble. One day an inspector of taxes was holding a court in the inn of a small town in Prussia. The people of the house had a tame raven which they had taught to speak, and while the inspector was delivering an address the bird of ill omen made very rude remarks between the former's sentences, such as 'old block head,' ' rogue,' and ' donkey,' so that the hearers could not refrain from laughing. The interpolations were printed with the speech in the local newspaper, and its editor was prosecuted for insulting a Prussian official. For this offence he had to pay a heavy fine. The match between the Australians and the Gentlemen of England on the Kerming ton Oval was completed on Saturday, the 24th instant, when the home team sustained a crushing defeat, the Australians being winners by one run and one innings. The scoring was— Australians, 334 ; Gentlemen of England, first innings, 182, second in nings, 151, Giffen, the South Australian, made the remarkable bowling average in the first innings of 8 wickets for 49 runs, and 3 wickets for 60 in the second. An American judge of horseflesh gives the following hints for how to decide npon the merits and defects of a horse : — Don't think to discover his weak points while he is moving as well as you can whilst he is standing. If he is sound he will stand firmly and squarely on his limbs without moving on them, the feet planted flat upon the ground, with legs plump and naturally poised. If one foot is thrown forward, with the toe pointing on. the ground and the heel raised, or if the foot is lifted from the gronnd, and the weight taken from it, disease may be suspected, or at least tender ness, which is a percursor of disease. If the horse stands with his feet spread apart, or straddles with the hind legs, there is a weakness of the loins and the kidneys are disordered. ' Tis an ill wind that blows nobody any good,' said the cheerful attorney who hap pened to enter the court just as it had emptied for the day. There had been a case in which the fraudulent use of bottles and trade-marks had been alleged. In the course of the prosecution counsel illustrated the quantity of liquor in one of the bottles by pouring out it's contents into a tumbler and thence into a basin. It was this basin that the messenger had just secured, and upon the possession of which he was con gratulated by the incomer. The fortunate one winked sagely, and gave his head a silent toss of invitation. The lawyer fol lowed him into a side room ; a glass was carefully cleaned, dipped into the liquid, lifted, smelt, and— tossed savagely into the grate. It was~water ! On the occasion of the Easter Volunteer Review the Illustrated London News had to make humble confession that some of its ' cuts' had become transposed, one event of the day being made to represent some other. This reminds us of a peculiar suit for damages to which an American (Milwau kee) paper lately rendered itself liable. An advertisement was contracted for in which the representation of a bald head and a head with plenty of hair were to appear. One was to be labelled ' Before using,' and the other ' After using.' The maker-up — let us charitably hope, not for a practical joke, but by sheer mistake — transposed the cuts, putting the legend 'Before using' under the head that had plenty of hair, and that 'After using' under the picture of the bald head. One can imagine the ire of the hair-restoring advertiser, and his sub sequent recourse to the ' gentlemen of the long robe,' when he looked upon this picture and on that. — Printers' Register. Says ' Atticua' in the Melbourne Leader : — Who is M'Inerney ? , A young1 Irish Catholic lately called to the bar. What has he done ? Signed the treasonable address. Nothing else? Not that anybody ever heard of. What has be got for his signa ture ? A ehare of the £2,000 voted to Dr. Hearn to be divided among the barristers -who helped him in his codification. Who authorised this reward to the signatory of a seditious document condemned by Parlia ment ? The leader of Parliament, Sir Bryan O'Loghlen. Out of the ten barris ters dividing the spoil are there any Liberals? Not one. Are they all Con servatives? One and alL Have any of them special claims? One writes for the Peacock, another is a son of one of its pro prietors, a third is on the list of Catholic candidates, two others are related to Con servative members, and the remainder are of similar antecedents. But there is none like unto M'Inerney. What a wise man an editor ought to be ! What foolish people rush to consult him 1 Here is a verbatim copy of a letter just re ceived : — ' Dear Sir — Will you kindly answer this in to-morrow's correspondence ? Two years ago I kept company with a young lady; I gave her an engagement ring and I promised her marriage (verbaly) (sic). We could not agree in three months, so we parted. She gave me back the ring. I am now on the point of marriage with another, and cow I am threatened with a breach of promise (sic). Can she sue me ? I was under age at the time I promised. What am I to do ? — I remain, yours truly, Two to One.' As I am not an editor my opinion is not worth anything, and I will not give it. But as far as I can judge, the case is two to one on the defendant. All he has got to do is to plead no responsi bility, and allege his own insanity. For proof of it he can't do better than cite the fact that he asked a busy editor a question of thi6 kind.—' Atticus.' The P. A. Dispatch in its issue of June 23 says : — Mr. T. Young, while walking in the ranges on Tuesday came across what was evidently a quartz reef, and after a little diligent searching he discovered two specimens, the gold although light and flaky being visible to the naked eye. Upon returning to town and showing the stone to some experts, it was pronounced a good and sufficient gold-bearing sample, and, if fully tested, no doubt a payable reef would be discovered near by. Remembering, how ever, that ' all that glitters is not gold,' Mr. Young scraped one specimen with a knife and the gold was no longer there. In quiry elicited the fact that somewhere back in the misty past a gravestone bad been carved and decorated there, certain gold leaf being used in the work, and portion of this had adhered to the stone which, worth less In itself had by virtue of its associa tions with the 'gold which perisheth,' been elevated to a position of importance. What makes the story more interesting is that Mr. Young's honest expression of opinion that there is no gold in the vicinity of his discovery carries no weight, the majority of those seeing the sample being of opinion that he is only ' keeping dark' with the idea of making a ' big Bonanza' for himself. The Smeaton correspondent of the BaUarat Star, writing on Friday, June 16, gives the particulars of a shocking accident which happened to a boy, Bartholomew Sheehan, about 13 years old, son of Mr. R. F. Sheehan, of the Cumberland Hotel. It appears that the boy got an old pistol and put a charge of gunpowder in it, and then made a ball of lead with his knife and put it in the pistol. Not having a percussion cap he made a substitute for one by taking the head of a match. In putting it on the nipple of the pistol, however, the friction caused the pistol to discharge while holding it with his hand over the muzzle. The whole of the contents passed through the middle of his hand, making a fearful hole in it, and carrying a great portion of the flesh away. The lad was immediately taken by his father to the District Hospital for medical treatment. It is not yet known whether the hand will have to be ampu tated. There were about fifteen other schoolboys standing round watching the pro ceedings at the time, and it was a wonder that some other boy was not injured by the ball passing away. The accident occured during the school dinner hour.' In reference to the confession of Margaret Spillane, for the murder of Michael Irwin, at Toowoomba, Queensland, on June 5, the Sydney Evening News observes: — 'The scene witnessed in the Police Court was perhaps unparalleled in the past history of Queensland, if not in Australia. Margaret Spillane, a married woman, aged about 50 years or thereabouts, and Timothy Spillane, her husband, were charged on suspicion with the murder. Senior- sergeant Downie had asked the bench for a remand of the accused for eight days, which was granted, and the female prisoner was asked to leave the dock with one of the police officers. Prior to this she appeared to be suffering from some terrible weight on her mind. For four or five minutes her lips were com pressed, her countenance underwent several changes, and she appeared to be struggling to exercise self-ie&traint.; All at once she exclaimed, to the astonishment of her hus band and every one in Court, * I murdered Michael Irwin.' She fell on her knees in an attitude of prayer, clasped her hands and looking upwards, exclaimed, 'God have mercy on my soul, and on Michael Irwin.' She expressed a desire to make a statement. The Court was cleared of all the spectators, and when the doors had been closed the wretched woman was accommodated with a seat at the table, and supplied with a drink of water. She then, in a series of hysterical, ejaculatory sentences, more than in a com posed and connected narrative, related the circumstances of the murder. She was evidently laboring under intense excite ment. She declared that her conscience would not let her rest any longer until she had made a full confession of her crime. At times she was unable to speak at all. Then she took a glass of water, and again called upon God to forgive her, and fre quently exclaimed, ' Oh, Michael, why did you not speak, and then I should not have done it.'' A Good Figure-head — An arithmeti cian's. A Professor Donaldson wants to traverse the Atlantic in a paper balloon, and invites 30 descriptive newspaper reporters to ac company him. ' The Professor owes them a grudge, that is clear. A Hampshire editor, who has been keep ing a record of big beets, announces at last that ' the beet that beat the beet that beat the other beet is now beaten by a beet that beats all the beets, whether the original beet, the beet that beat the beet, or the beet that beat the beet that beat the beet.' Two cabmen ran into each other at night, and one, whose horse is killed, summonses the other before the magistrate. ' When you had run into the complainant's horse and knocked it down and run over it,' says the court, sternly, ' why didn't you stop to see what damage had been done ?' ' Oh,' replied cabby, ' I didn't know it was a horse I'd hurt — I thought it was only a man.' 