NEWS BY THE MAIL. OUR LONDON LETTER. from ocr own correspondent. London. 19th Mav. Not for many years indocd has sucli a wave . of emotion swept over Lasd on society, from \- tho highest to the lowest, as on tho fateful . Sunday morning when news came of tho inur- v ders in the Phoenix Park the previous evening of Lord Frederick Cavendish and Mr. Burke. Incredulity was tho first feelincr with many. end message after message was flashed over to 'Dublin to inquire if tho dread tidings could possibly be true. Alas I tho original brief telegraphic despatch proved only too accurate, r.hd as further accounts caino to hand, with surii details as could bo given, the full extent of tho outrage began to be realised, Surely ,no element of tragedy was wanting. The Btatesmna who had como to Ireland as a .. very incarnate symbol and sign of the "Now Departure" was walking on a sunlit May af ternoon, within a few hours of his arrival, over the frequented roadway of a public park, with little children playing a few hundred yards away, when suddenly and without warning he and his companion were attacked by four armed men and "done to death" by repeated Btabs, tho four assassins escaping without lot or hindrance. Was not this a crime bucU as fn its ironic completeness might well in spire awc-struck silence, even when it occured in poor blood-stained Ilibernia ? Suoh were tho thoughts uppermost in every man's inind on that Sunday after- noon. It has heen truly said that no man smiled that day in London. It rarely .happens that" a public event affects the demeanor of ordinary folk passing and repassing in-, the streets of a great capital — least of all when the folk are unimpressionable Englishmen, and the capital selfish London. But there could bo no ' mistake about tho solemn look on your neigh bor's face on that sad 7th of May. So far the assassins remain unruptured, but beforo these lines aro in the . hands of your readers let us ( hopo that you may havo heard by wire of their i-Axrcst, little likelihood as thero eccujs nt pro- £cnt of any such consummation. In the mean time arrests are being made right and left, . both in Ireland and England, arrests which always result in the rolcaso of the person bus- pected after a longer or shorter period of detention. Mr. Gladstone showed his accus . tomcd insight in saying in his telegram to the Indian Viceroy that "tho object of tho black net plainly was to rouse indignant passions and embitter relations between Great Britain and Ireland." Happily that object lias on the whole failed, failed much more completely than a jprton we could have hoped. One or two isolated disturbances in thiB country have, .however, shown us how near wo have boon, and indeed yet are, to a war of races. Titus at Brighouso, in Yorkshire, where Lord Frederick Cavendish was especially well known, the English have risen upon the Irish and prasti- bally driven them out of the towu. But on the whole wo have for once good solid reason for pride iu our countrymen and tlieir self-possession. Th.it that soft-possession should havo been lost, and "indignant passions roused," would ' seem to lmvo been an object, not only with the . actors iu tho Phcenix Park massacre, but also, one regrets to add, with a portion of the Lon don press. That tho St. James's Gazette should suggest, with its own iuiiuitablo delicacy of inuendo, that Mr. Gladstone is simply an ac cessory beforo the fact to the murder of bis i well- loved collcagno ; and that tho young lions . of the Daily Telegraph should roar after Irish flesh, is not matter for surprise. But tho leader in tho Times on tho Monday following the tragedy proves tho ouce " leading journal" to have fallen to a lower depth than hnd been supposed. Tho usually polito and soft-spoken Pall Mall Gazette, characterises it as "a thoroughly calutuinous personal attack, coupled with a still more infamous attempt to inflame , thenationabpassion." Tho Homo Hide and Land Leagno parties in 'tho United Kingdom havo denounced and lamented over this last crowning outrago with nil possible- vehemence. On tho very morrow of tiie deed, Parncll, Dillon and Davitt issued t manifesto to the people of Ireland, in which they repudiated the crime with loathing, and .bitterly described how " it might entail conse quences more ruinous than have yet fallen to tho lot of unhappy Ireland during tho present generation." Every wherein Ireland thetonehas .been similar—all tho samo. There is a very general feeling, well exprcssedin tho Punch car toon this week, that tho first movers in tlia "so cial revolution" aro only reaping what they have ' sown. Behind Danton thero is always Murat. First the September massacres, then the Terror! Jn the United States, too, and in Paris, tho discordant notes of rejoicings liavo been audible in certain Eonian hiding places. O'Uonovan Ifossa naturally hints his own re sponsibility for thu assassinations, and (what is much more serious) Mr. Parnoll compli ments Kossa and minimises tho atrocity of his offenco. Mr. Patrick Egnn, from tho safe 'refuge of hospitable I.utetia, suggest that too much has been made of the inattor, and deprecates tho Laud League's offering a re ward for tho tho discovery of tho murderers. In this connection I may mention that tho Government ha3 thought it worth while to Institute a prosecution against tho printer of tho revolutionary German paper, the Freihcit, for a sadilious libel. It may bo romemborcd that tho editor of this unfortunate print was convictod last year of a similar offeneo and sentenced to a punishment of eighteen months' imprisonment, which he is now undergoing. Tho alleged libol in tlio present case would cer tainly seem atrocious enough, whether or not tho defendant bo responsible forit — a question which is subjudiee, and on which therefore I abstain from pronouncing an' opinion, Tho article in question speaks of the cownrdly doing to death of tlio unoffending Lord Frederick . Cavendish as a " heroically bold act of popular justice." "In poli tics," tho writer goes on to oay, " there is no such thing as murder, hut only a removal of obstructives " — an euphemistic phrase which has about it a vague air of being a plagiarism from Gniteau. Still, ono may doubt whether this prosecution, which is said to havo been advised by an eminent Treasury soimsol, is altogether wise. Tho sentiments of tho Freiheit, expressed in tho Gorman tongue, were not likely to pervert tlio minds of the Queen's lieges very much. Translated as they have boon, in consequence of these proceedings, into English, and reported in a hundred journals, their influence for ovil is multiplied indefinitely. ' With Such exceptions, however, which' do in very truth " provo tho rulo," one common feel ing of repulsion and' disgust has animated nil .sen on this matter, and there can be no doubt idmt tho hearty fashion in which tho Irish jteoplo, here at homo' at any rate, liavo joined in tho expression of this, feeling, has. much strengthened Mr. Glad stone's hands iu carrying out his determi nation not to swerve from tlio policy to which poor, Lord Frederick died a martyr. Tho bill for til. prevention of crime in Ireland is in truth a sufficiently drastic measure ; but in no sense is it the first step in the path of venge ance. All its main provisions were settlod boforo tho catastrophe of tho 6th of May, and settled at a Cabinot Council, at which Lord Frederick was especially invited to attend. For all that, short of what is known as "mar tial law," it is difficult to concoivo a more Vigorous measure of repression, and the pro tests with which tlio Irish party in tho Houso have already met it are not difficult to under stand, The act is to remain in force for tfcm years. During that period tho Lord wwitenant may, in tho caso of persons charged With treason, treason-felony, murder, man- dkuighter, attempts to kill, and certain other iogravated crimes, suspend trial by jury in any district where he believes a "fair and impartial Mai cannot be had according to tho ordinary j Morse of law," and substitute trial beforo a Mecial commission of three jttdgea of the Irish Supreme Court. There is to bo no conviction Unless these three judgos are unanimous, and the prisoner (but not tho Crown) is given mi appeal, both on law and fact, to fivo other judges of tlio Supreme Court A number of flew £.Tences are created by tbo bill, and all rich offences are to be triable before p court of summary jurisdiction, to consist ih tho city of Lublin of ono police magis trate, and elsowherc of . two -."resident magistrates " Among the new offences arc "intimidation and incitement to Intimidation." \£heso offencea are very loosely 'utffinodriudceiiv snd it is' easily conceivable that over- zealous Resident magistrates may bo Btrain them ae to Include any unacceptable expression of opiuiou n political or social affairs. Another sew offenco is the being out of doors mora than n« hour after sunset, " under suspicious circum stances and in a proclaimed district." Tho Lord Lieutenant is iu substance mado absolute censor of tho prc3S of Ireland, with powers of seizuro.and suppression of offending journals. Aliens found In Ireland may, if tho authori ties think fit, be ordered to depart the United Kingdom. Full powers are given to tho police to search for arms and illegal documents. Thero is a very useful provision that witnesses likely to abscond muy'bo arrested aud detained, and some . wiso enact ments as to compensation for outrages in certain ca3es. The general feeling among tho Liberal majority of the country is tolerably manifest. Ths bill is unhappily necessary, and its main principles must become law. Doubtless, on many points of detail, notably the definition of "intimidation," aud possibly the press clauson, amendments will bo made in committee and accepted by the Government, but in its broad principles the bill as intro duced will, one may expect, become law. This time redress of grievances is not to follow, but ruther to go hand in hand with chastisement for offences. On the day on which the Pre vention of Crime Bill issued froinjtho Queen's printer, Mr. Gladstone obtained leave to bring in his Arrears Bill, in which he deals with tho accumulated arrears duo from tho tenants to their landlords. Its effect may bo stated very succinctly. It applies only to holdings of an annual value of £30 or less, but in all such cases its provisions can bo forced by the one party on to tho other provided tho ap plicant ib willing to fulfil tho obligations put upon him. From tho Irish Church fund a sum equal to one year's rent, provided that it is les3 than half tho arrears, is to bo provided, tho tenant himself having to pay rent for the year -1880-1881, and tho landlord having to cancel the remainder of tho arrears. The tenant willing to pay one year's rent can thus get completely wliitowashed, while on the other hand tho landlord willing to wipe out all be yond two years' arrears, can get tho rent for this teira paid him. Taken in connection with tho excellent ap pointment of Mr. Trcvolyan, Lord Macaulay's nephow, and most fascinating biographer, to the Chief Secretaryship, and also with tho ro lease of the political suspects and of Davitt, thcao two measures furnish a manly, straight forward, and intelligiblo Irish policy. Tho Tory presa and tho politicians of the more, obscure Conservative clubs havo been making much Irabbub over certain transactions which took place about tho time of tho release of the three members. There is talk about an imaginary "Treaty of Kilmainham," by which it was agreed that tho Government should let Mr. Farnell out, and that ho in consideration thereof would atop all further outrages. A certain Mr. Balfour, who represents Hertford, and whoso fatno may possibly not hr-vo reached the southern hemisphere, nmid much wild talk of " lurid lights" and " comedies of Moliero," has taunted the Government with "standing alono in infamy." Mr, Gladstone replied to this tempestuous rhetoric iu his best style, and administered a stinging correc tion to tho member for Hertford, a correction which tho lionorablo member will probably long remember. Tho facta simply are that, shortly beforo his release, Mr. Farnell wrote a lottcr to a ' Captain O'Shca, who is a Ministerial Home ltulcr of tho Mitchell "Henry group, stating that if tho Govern ment would deal satisfactorily with the arrears question, tho hands of tho advanced men would be strengthened in effectually de nouncing tho outrages which were disgracing tho Irish cause. This letter Captaiu O'Shca showed to Mr. Forater, aud Mr. Forstcr to tho Cabinet, Upon this letter it was that Mi\ Gladstone spoke, and the "New Departure1' began. But at the time he wrote tho letter, Mr. Farnell had no notion of negotiating for his own release ; indeed, ho had mado up his inind to remain in Kilmainham gaol till the expiration of tho Coercion Act. Nor did Mr. Gladstone," as ho has repeatedly explained, come to any " understanding," far lc3s make any "treaty" with tho land leaguers. Thero is nothing iu the wholo business but what is honorable to theGovermnent and (oneis bound to add) to Mr. Fnrncll also. Unhappily, howover, Mr. Forater has throughout tho ani mated and bitterly personal debates to which the transaction has given rise — intentionally or not— played tlio Tories' game, anil dono his, best to discredit his lata"" colleagues, and to throw on Mr. Darnell the undeserved odium of caring more for his own liberty than any thing else. Tho Egyptian insurrection appears likely to provo only a nino days' wonder after all. Tho march of events has been eirccsdiiigly rapid, tho ncuto stago of tho crisis being reached three days ago, when on the one baud Arabi summoned out the reserves, aud on the other the united powers of France and England de termined to bring tho moral force of tho two countries to boar on tho delinquent, pnd accordingly despatched a "fleet of ironclads just to show the world that they meant business. But ' tho tide has , turned, and matters appear to be now going all tho other- way. Arabi, tho insubordinate Minister of War, hns kissed the feet of his sovereign and criod pcccavi , and this pleasant climax in doubtless as much tho result of tho moral force before alluded to ns of the fact that the reserves did not by any means dis play that readiness to respond to the appeal of their leader which was expected of them, but turned out iu their units rather than in their thousands. Thu combined squadrons continue to steer towards Egyptian water, but the order for their recall may be issued at any moment. Alarmists and sensation-mongers still assert that nothing short of tho removal of Arabi will ensure the safety of tho Khedive and tho preservation of peaco in the country in tho future. But notwithstanding their, croakingfl, I havo littlo doubt but that the in-' surreotion is now dead, and that it died a natural death, breathing its last at the feet of Tewfik, aud loaving him, if anything, much firmer on his throne than ho lias over beeu before. Tho capital punishment question lias onco again formed tho subject of a bill iu the Houso of Commons, which li03 just passed its .second reading. Previous measures upon the subject havo, as a rnlo, advocated the total abolition of the death penalty, but the majority of mem bers, whilst not offering any strenuous opposi tion to tho idea, have hitherto hesitated at taking a decisive stop. Tho present bill — the committee on which is deferred till July, bo as to leavo tho way clear for tho Irish business — does not ' propose ruthlessly to . repeal tho existing law, but merely to make in it cur tain modifications which will in effcot lead to its hotter administration. Thus it defines moro clearly the various grades of homicide, dividing murder into two sections, viz., murders of the first class and murders of tlio second class, the former of which only is to be punishable by death. Some such classification is certainly needed, failing tho entire abolition of the gal lows, for under the existing system many per sons committing actual murder, though not of so flagrantly brutal a naturo as, in the cpinion of juries, to warrant "hanging," arc, by way of compromise, meTcly convicted of manslaughter. Punishmant should be meted out to offenders according to tho grade in which their guilt , stands, and a measure such as the present, enabling juries to distinguish between mur ders of the first and second degree, as is dono inotbei countries, will bo sure to meet with tho approval of tho country. I nm inclined to think, however, that capital » punish ment, under any circumstances, cannot ranch longer continue in force in this country. Tho subject is ono that has long sinco become hack neyed, but as often as any groat tragedy occurs so often also does the question of the ex pediency of hanging become uppermost In the public mind. Thero is, too, an increasing re luctance on tho part of jurors to return ver- ' diets which carry death to tho convict, aud whenever there is the slightest room for doubt tho prisoner is given tho benefit of it. Indeed, every execution of note scema to bring nearer the time when society shall havo ceased to de mand such an extreme measure of justice, and when the gallows shall in England have be- como a ghost of the past. While in Vienna those responsible for the terrible fire at tho Ring Theatre havo been undergoing criminal trials, a disaster of a simi lar nature has been happening at Berlin. The present month was to be noteworthy in tho history of tho Prussian copifcal by reason of the opening of an hygienic exhibition, at which were to be exhibited instruments, apparatus and appliances used in preserving and conaerv- in health; and from all parts of the continent IaikL America exhibits had been received in ; large numbers. The goods were stored in : a "building which seems almost to . have ! beort specially designed for destruction :by fire. Old timber, thickly coated every- j where with tar and oil paint, is, ono wonld think, scarcely tho material with which to bttild a structure In which are to bo stored ex hibits o?' all kinds ami descriptions, many of thern of an inflammatory nature, and &o; which, -access is to be allowed to a carelesj, pleasure- seckifl" public. Yet this seem3 to have- been the kind of strnofcure put up by tbe enterpris ing Berlinesc for their hygienic exhibition; and there is thcreforo little room for wonder- . iug that when, through causes which remain a mystery, a firo broke oat, the whole cdifico was reduced to ashes in the space of a einglo half hour. A Berlin paper, in an article on the disaster, sarcastically observed that such a building belonged rather to tho province of a cremation society than to one for tho saving of Hfo. However this may be, the wholo ex hibition building and its contents havo been destroyed, and tho loss to exhibitors in all parts of tho world must bo immense Still more serious is it that many things have been destroyed that can never be replaced ; and de spite tho very phcunix-like efforts which are being mack to build up another exhibition in , tho ashes of the old one, it is to bo feared that iu another year tho scientific and inventive exhibitors, who have been so severely bitten by this fire, will bo too shy to make another effort successful. During the past twelve months readers of The vlyc havo from timo to time heard some thing of tho doings of the Salvation Army. Generally thG news concerning tho " army" has been , as unsatisfactory as anytliing con nected with riots and street rows can well be But despite — perhaps rather I should say in consequence — of tho belligerent way in which its proceedings have been conducted, the army has certainly now become a strong religious power in tho country. According to the statements put forward by its representa tives, tlio Salvation Army now numbers as many as 301 branches, wliich aro presided over by 645 officers, livery week it holds 5000 services, at which sitting accommodation is provided for 260,000 persons. Only a day or two ago the army was ablo to spcud £15,000 in purchasing, and £$000 in getting up, new national barracks and a Congress Hall in the neighborhood of Hackney, and this is the nore remarlcablo when one remembers the un deniable fact that the recruits who join it are always from tho poorer classes. Whatever one may think of the nature of the work done by these energetic evangelists there is no denying that in an incredibly short period they have spread their influence over tlio whole kingdom ; and it may bo questioned whether to-day tho Salvation Army has not a greater sum total of influence than any other religious denomination in tho kingdom. At the recont meetings of tho House of Convoca tion, the proceedings of the army. were taken into consideration ; and an attempt is to be mado on the part of the CJhurch to induce tho soldiers of tho new faith to carry her banners. The doctrino of the Salvationists is merely the doctrlno of the Church, a little intensified, and General Booth, tho founder and head of tbo new movement, has already expressed a wil lingness to co-operate with the establishment. In tho past John Wesley. was allowed to drift away from tho church owing to the cold ness aud persecution with which he was as sailed, but, wiser in thei? generation, the authorities in the church to-day act very differently ; . and it is not unlikely that the erratic, eccentric, but still energetic Salvation Ariny may now be adopted by it and turned to promoting its influence. The Australian cricketers have, to use the slang of the prize ring, drawn fn>>t blood in their match ' with Oxford University. The telegraph wires liavo been so busy flashing to you scores, bowling analysis, the stato of the wicket and tho like, that there is really nothing left for mo to write about. Mnssie was tho hero of the match, and judging from this, his first performance, he is an even moro tcrriolo plavor than tho Englishmen had expected to find him, out of a total of 362 : runs scorod in thcurstinningof yourolcven he put together 200, and in tho second innings out of 61 ho mado 40 not out. The cloven are playing Brigh ton to-day, and on Monday they commence work in the metropolis by playing the Orleans Club at Twickenham. Tho Orleans .Club is the Goodwood of cricket clubs ; and thero is pretty sure to be a brilliant and fashionable assemblage to witness tho match. The cricketers, I believe, intend taking up their London bead-quarters at tho Tavistock Hotel, where thoy were so com- foitabJe when they were over before, but be tween now and September, when the playing season comes to an end, they will bo on tho move the whole time, and havo littlo tiroo for comfort) or sight-seeing or pleasure-seeking either in London or elsewljere.. 