WATER POLICE COURT. John Golding and William M'Kenna, on remand, were charged on Monday, with stealing 26 bags of potatoes, value £7, the property of Mr. W. F. Martin. The defendants pleaded not guilty, and Mr. J. Lowe appeared on their behalf. Mr. W. Roberts, sen., appeared for the prosecution. The evidence for the prosecution was to the effect that at about 5 o'clock on Saturday morning the defendants went to the eastern side of the Circular Quay with two drays and loaded the drays with 26 bags of potatoes (13 in each dray) which had been discharged from the steamer Waipa from New Zealand. Senior constable William Martin, who was on duty near where the potatoes were lying, watched the defendants, and followed them to Macquarie-street, where he overtook them and asked them where they were going with the potatoes. Golding said "To the railway station, whence they would be forwarded to Orange,'' and that they belonged to Mr. Martin ; and M'Kenna said they were taking them to M'Minn and to Vaughan, commission agents in Sussex-street. They were subsequently given into custody by Mr. Martin for stealing the potatoes, which belonged to him. He said they had no authority whatever to take them. Evidence for the defence was given to show that occasionally goods were taken off the wharf without an order ; that on Satur- day the defendants received instructions from their em- ployer, James Carroll, a dray proprietor, to go and obtain the potatoes, and that the order for 13 bags of potatoes one of them had was given to him by Carroll, and that the other received verbal instructions from the same person to take the other 13 bags. Carroll was at the time carrying out instructions he had received from Mr. Vaughan. The defendants were committed to take their trial at the next Court of Quarter Sessions. The Bench in the Charge Court was occupied yesterday by Mr. J. M. Marsh, S. M., and that in the Summons Court by Mr. J. Buchanan, S. M. William H. Heage, 21, was fined 60s for using obscene language in Globe- street, in default, to be imprisoned for one month. Pierce J. Healey, on remand, was charged with stealing a letter containing two £1-notes, the property of the Postmaster General. The Crown Solicitor (Mr. Williams) appeared for the prosecution, and Mr. Haynes for the defence. Detective Charles John Abbott deposed:- About 9.15 on the 25th July he arrested the defendant on the above charge ; witness was at the time on duty at the General Post Office watching the defendant having received instructions to do so from his superior officers ; the defendant is a clerk and letter sorter in her Majesty's service ; when he left the office witness followed him ; he went into the water- closet ; witness pushed open the door on the defendant getting off the closet witness found three letters (produced) in the pan of the closet ; the defendant's clothes were un- done, but he had not used the closet ; one of the letters had been opened, but the other two were unopened ; witness told the defendant that he was a detective directly he pushed open the door ; the defendant was then crouched down on the seat ; witness had previously seen the defendant in the sorting-room with letters in his hand, covering them with his handkerchief and then putting his hand, with the letters in it, into his pocket ; the defendant then put the handkerchief back into his pocket ; witness could see that he had still some letters left in his hand, but could not swear whether the same or a less number than when he put his hand into his pocket ; in consequence of what witness saw he followed the de- fendant to the closet ; the closet is self-setting, and had witness not placed his knee on the seat when the prisoner got up, these letters would have been washed down the closet ; as it was, they were all wetted ; on taking the letters from the pan, witness saw by the first words of the opened letter that it should have contained £2 ; witness then searched the closet carefully, but could find no trace of the money ; after the defendant had adjusted his clothes, and they had left the closet, the defendant thrust his arm back inside the closet door ; witness immediately went back, and on the seat of the closet he found the two £1 banknotes produced ; they were quite dry and crumpled up ; these notes were not there a moment before ; witness did not put them there ; witness said to the defendant, "You have made a pretty mess of yourself," he made no reply ; wit- ness took him up to the clerk's room--Mr. M'Mahon's room ; Superintendent Day was sent for ; he said to the defendant, " What, Healey ! are you the thief ?" the de- fendant said, '' I have not been doing it all along, sir ." witness did not caution him ; the defendant also said, " I have just commenced it," he was much affected ; he was as pale as a ghost, sank back in his chair, and could hardly speak ; witness never questioned him at all ; the defendant was quite sober at the time. John Kelly deposed to having written the letter produced ; he put it in the envelope produced, in which he also enclosed two £1 bank notes ; he remembered one was on the London Chartered Bank, and believed the note produced to be the same. Mary Kelly, mother of the previous witness deposed to having posted the letter at Wallsend on the 24th July last, and that it then contained the notes. Mr. Usher Day, superintendent of the Post Office, gave evidence corroborative of that of Detective Abbott, and also said that the defendant had been eight years in the General Post Office, during which time he had borne a good character ; he had no right to retain letters in his possession, and none to open any letter ; it was the rule that every person on entering the Post Office made a declaration that he would not open letters. The defendant was committed for trial at the next Court of Gaol Delivery to be held on 7th August. Bail allowed defendant in £300 and two sureties in £150 each. George Sampson, on remand, was charged with stealing the sum of £11, the moneys of Thomas Curran. The prosecutor is the proprietor of Pfahlert's Hotel, and the defendant had been in his employment as night watchman and hall porter ; the defendant received the money stated from the cellarman to hand to the prosecutor, but he did not do so. In reply to questions put to him, he said that he had lost the money. His residence was searched by Detective Wigg, who found six sovereigns, besides some silver therein. The prisoner was committed to take his trial at the next Court of Quarter Sessions. The same prisoner was further charged with having in his possession 36 copies of the London Graphic newspaper, 11 packs of playing cards, part of a box of cigars, and 17 pocket knives, reasonably suspected to be stolen. Detective Wigg deposed to finding the articles stated in the information at the prisoner's resi- dence, 150, Prince-street, after the prisoner had been arrested on the previous charge. Mr. Thomas Curran, pro- prietor of Pfahlert's Hotel, Wynyard-square, said that part of the prisoner's duty was to file all the papers, in- cluding the Graphic. Packs of cards were frequently missing, and prisoner had denied all knowledge of where they went to ; witness believed the cigars produced were his property ; knives had been frequently missed. Mr. Buchanan ordered the prisoner to pay a fine of £5, or to go to gaol for one month, and the property was returned to Mr. Curran. Jame Lewis, on remand, was charged with using obscene language on the Corso, at Manly, and with assaulting Con- stables Leplaw and Minogue whilst in the execution of their duty Mr. J. Lowe appeared for the prosecution and Mr. T. M. Slattery for the defence. The evidence for the prosecution was to the effect that on the 24th July the defendant went to a hotel at Manly and asked to be supplied with liquor. His request was refused, because, as alleged, he was then under the influence of liquor. He then used the language complained of. Mr. Buchanan ordered the defendant to pay a fine of £5, in default, three months in gaol. The other cases were postponed. 