MYRTLE M'MURTKY'S LOVE. ' Mtbtle, dear !' 'Yes, George, what is it?' replied tbe girL glancing sbyly upward. The radiant glory of a summer moon shone down upon the earth this June night, bathing in all its mellow splendour the leafy branches of the sturdy old oaks that had for centuries shaded the entrance to Castle M'Murtry, and laughed defiance to the fierce gales that every winter came howling down in all their cruel force and fury from the moorlands lying to the westward ot the castle. On the edge of the broad demesne that Btretched away to the south stood a large brindle cow. and as tbe moonlight flecked with silvery lustre her star board ribs she seemed to Myrtle a perfect picture of sweet content and almost holy 'Is it not a beautiful night, dearest r' beams flutter down through the trees, making strange lights and shadows that flit among the shrubs and flowers in such a weird, ghost-like fashion. The dell is, indeed, clothed in loveliness to-uight, sweetheart.' 'Yes,' said George W. Simpson, 'this is the boss dell.' And then, looking down into the pure, innocent face that was lifted to his, he took in his own broad, third-base palm the little hand that erstwhile held up Myrtle's polonaise. Ab they stood there Bi'Iently in the bosky glade, Georce passed his arm silently but finnty aronnd~M.yrUe's waist. The noble girl did not shy. ' Do you love me, sweetheart ?n he asked in accents that were tremulous with tremn lonsness. Myrtle's head was drooping now, and the were chasing each other across her peachy cheeks. George drew her more closely to him. If a mosaaito had tried to nass between them then it would have been bad — for the mosquito. ?'Can yon doubt me, darling ?' he whispered. 'You sorely must now that I love yon with a wild, passionate, whoa- Emma lore, that can never die. Do you not love me a little in return ?' For an instant the girl did not speak. George heard the whisking of the brindle cow's tail break in rudely upon the solemn stillness of the night, and ever and anon came the dull thud of tbe bullfrog as he jnmped into a neighbouring pond. Presently Mystle placed her arms around his neck, and with a wistful, baby's-got-the-cramp look in her sweet face, she said to him : ' I love you, George, with a deathless devotion that will eventually keep you broke.' And with these fateful words she adjusted her rumpled bang and fearlessly led the way to an ice-cream lair. — From 'How sucker* Bit* in CJiicago,' I by Jo&plL; Mah% 0* Chicago Tribute 3T-mS*. \ 