SPOETIXG XOTES. The trotting match between Mir. O'Railly's Punch and Mr. R. Sayers' Smuggler for £-30 a side took place on the Old Course on Mon day afternoon in the presence of nearly 303 spectators. The distance was one mile and a half, and Punch had to give his opponent 50 yards start Punch was ridden by Mr. Jen kins and Smuggler by Mr. W. Giles. The horses were started by Mr. H. I/. Roberts, and when the word was given Punch went away at such a swinging pace that he had collared his opponent before 293 yards was covered, and then gradually going past him took a commanding lead of about twenty lengths, which he never relinquished, win ning quite easily in 4 min. 57 sec., his oppo nent frequently breaking on the journey. We perceive by the Melbourne Sportsman that the three great athletic champions of the south have raised a quarrel amongst them that may lead to a tourney in the prize ring for a good round sum of money. It appears that W. Miller, -the great wrestling athlete, who some time ago gave exhibitions of his skill and strength before the public of Adelaide, assisted at a bene fit about a fortnight since in Mel bourne, and Jem Mace and John Thompson (the bookmaker) boxed with him on this occasion. Miller was not quite satisfied with the amount of applause that was accorded him by comparison with what was bestowed upon the other men, so in order to maintain his reputation he issued a challenge to box any man in Australia, which has been very promptly taken up by Mace and Thompson. Mace, who is in Sydney, lias telegraphed to the Sportsman: — 'To Mr. William Miller— I hereby accept your challenge to box you, either with skin gloves or with the naked lists, for any sum from £200 to £2,000 a side, upon a date hereafter to be fixed upon by consent of both parties, and in any place or country which may be agreed upon by both you and myself.— JEM Mace, retired champion of the world.' In a letter to the editor Mace says that he has for the last twenty years retired from the P.R., and is old enough to be Miller's father, and might fairly have been omitted from any such challenge ; but he is confident that he can satisfy the public aud himself that Miller has much to learn in the aoble art of self-defence. Jack Thompson has also addressed a letter to the editor of the same journal, in which after speaking a word or two for the absent Mace, $e says :— If Miller wishes to test who is the best man, I will_give him .a chance ; you are aware, Mr. ?Editor, niy engagements on the turf are of a nature which must incur me great loss of time and money if I enter into other lines of busi ness without suitable conditions. I will box taSfJ^W1 aside' ha«-forfeit, from live £ L t f rom feT66™^*- I do not intend authorities interfere, and then^ae^al dfc safasfaction ensues. If Miller will agreeto tiie above, I will guarantee to find a crivate place. Then he can go on his merits, keep up his reputation, and win a good stake of money if he is able. So other conditions than those already stated by me will do. If thev do not suit Miller, 1 do not wish to be troubled any more, and -will not pay attention to any further challenges he may make. In conclusion, I wish to s^-ate I h ive no desire to box anybody. My dutr tovv^ids my family and business avocations are nV I can fairly attend to.' .Referring to the recent V. A. T.C. 3feetiae, Falcon' in theZeader says:— 'Eleven out of twelve came to the post for the Oakleish ?Handicap, which was won by King I.'id a three-year-old by K Ing Cole from Hiss Alfred,, ac4 second to him was Crystal, belonging to Mr. B. Coleman, the same - owner, with Bismarck third- This was a splendid contest, the whole fleet being together throughout the race, a head only dividing the two first horses, . with the remainder all round them. Wood lands did not run well, andPawnbroker broke down. Zambesi would seem to have lost all form, nothing but his innate gameness bring ing him home. He may struggle once more to the front, but not until he receives some greater indulgence from the handicapper ; with bis breeding he should be valuable as a stud horse.' Pawnbroker broke down so badly that it is not expected he will race again. The remark has been frequently made of late that there is too much racing in Victoria, remarks 'Augur,' of the Australasian, and certainly thefactthatthe last three meetings of any importance — namely, the Victorian Club, the Geelong Racing Club, and the Victorian Amateur Turf Club—have been saved from absolute loss by the money received from selling races, gives a strong support to the statement. When such an excellent after noon's sport as was offered to the public at Cauliield on. Saturday last was neglected for the less exciting amusements of the regatta and the old English fair, we may fairly con clude that the many bad days the backers of horses have had this season are at last begin ning to tell. At the V.A.T.C. Meeting* complaint was made to the secretary that a welsher was pursuing his nefarious avocations in the saddling paddock. The man was at once brought before the stewards, when . it was shown that he was an old offender. He was promptly turned off the course. Two ov three other well-known welshers were on the ground, but as their victims, with mistaken leniency, did not complain to the secretary they were not interfered with. Turf transactions have been very limited during the week, says the Leader of Feb. IS, most of the ring being in Tasmania. Suwar row remains first favorite for the Australian Cup, with Saunterer at his heels ; and Aspen , is still in most request for the Newmarket Handicap. Australian Cnp. — 100 to 10 agst. Suwarrow (off. ; 100 to 9 tk.) ; 100 to 8 Saunterer (tk. and off.); 100 to 8 First Water (off.); 103 toS Hesperian (off.) ; 100 to 8 Royal Maid (off.) ; 100 to 7 Bosworth (off.). Newmarket Handicap.— 100 to 7 agst. Aspen (off.) ; 100 to 5 Cremorne (off.) ; 103 to 5 Verdure (off.) ; 100 to 5 Surrey (off.) j 100 to 5 Sir Joseph (off.) ; 100 to 5 Tumult (off.) ; 100 to 5 Larpcnt (off.) ; 30 to 5 Ghost (off.). Cup and Uewniarket— 1,000 to 5 to 1,003 to 10 double. Leger and Cup— 1,000 to i offered on field double. Launceston Cup — 6 to 4 agst. Stockwell {tk.) ; 4 to 1 offered others. The result of the running for the English Waterloo Cup has reached us, by which it seems that Captain Ellis's Snowdrift beat the Earl of Haddington's Hornpipe in the final course, and won the stake. The Clare Rasing Club have taken the very sensible step of resolving to make a new race course in the Inchiquin paddock, or old show ground, on the northern boundary of the town. A meeting of the club was held on Tuesday, at which resolutions were passed that a grand stand should be erected, and. the ground fenced where required. Aspen has been scratched for the New market Handicap. 