THE NEW BOHEMIA. ? ??? ? : ? ' Br Viotoe J. DaiiET. Thebe has been some difficulty between the Bohemians and the proprietor of the club-room since last week. The fact is that the rent, though nominal, was not forthcoming, and the heart of the coffin-maker was as stone. He was a hard man, and had no sympathy with the brilliant irregu larities of genius. The barbarous pay-your-way philosophy which crushes all the poetry out of life was more to him than the moat beautiful theory of Plato. Besides he was incensed be cause some of the Bohomians had gone up to the club-room to open n, lot of oysters which the Poet had got fro mi a, restaurant-keeper for writing a gastronomic ode to be printed on the restaurant paper-napkins, and had, after eating the oyBters off the Bilver breast-plates, filled the best rose wood coffin in the establishment with the shelle. So that when ho was asked by Gill Carr, the secretary of the club, to let the rent stand over for a week, he Bpoke him never a word, but took up an aboriginal thigh-bone which was used in the shop as a hammer-handle and smote him on the head with it as though he were smiting a mad bull. But Gill Carr only smiled. Nothing oould hurt him at that end. He was a leader-writer, and it was said his head had grown so hard through a habit which he had of standing upon it when he was thinking out his articles. Be that as it may, the rent had to be paid. A council of war wa9 accordingly held in the corner hotel, whore Gill Carr had credit, and it was decided that each member should subscribe some article of clothing towards a fund for the liquidation of the debt. When the collection was made it waB discovered that the whole quantity of the surplus apparel which the club could rako together would not bring the amount. Then a noble sacrifice, before which the brightest instance of old Bonian heioism pales its ineffec tual fires, v/as made by the Poet. He took off the clothea he wore and went to bed, whore he knew he would have to stay until they . were re deemed. But that he did not mind muoh, as he had got into arrear round at his lodgings, and saw no way, except by falling sick, to save him self from eviction. So he fell siok, and informed his landlady that he had got one of his friends to sell his clothes to buy medicine. It is so much more poetical, .you know, to tell lies than to pay. # # * * * * * The collection was handed over to Mac Johnson to realize upon. Mac had a reputation for ex perience in transactions of this sort, and was credited with showing more finesse in his dealings with the tribes than any other Bohemian. It was he also who had perfected the pawn-ticket currency in Bohemia. Besides, he was a philoso pher, and the other fellows were fools. Tour philosopher is a fool also, but he is a fool by rule and line. So the rent was paid. # iff --,i a * # * Once again in the club-room over the coffinfac tory. All the Illuminati are here with the excep tion of the Poet. Hia isn't because his garb of old Gaul has not been redeemed yet, and conse quently he is at home grinding out bed-ridden odes. Tho smoke-spirals rise up simultaneously from half a dozen wooden pipes. All these pipes are made so that they will stand upon the table. This is convenient when ono is writing ' copy' and is compelled to put his pipe down now and then when ideas rush too , fast i/ipon him for him to give attention to both pen and pipe. This does not occur often. Tour Bohemian, by the way, always smokes when he is writing, and generally when he is not. It is hard to say how tho practice arose, excopfc, per haps, it was BUggeated by tho Indian habit of smoking to stave off hunger. Anyhow every pipe in the room is in full blast, and tho faces of the smokers are seen dimly through the haze aB tho faces of the gods wore aeon of old through the ' clouds upon the summit of Olympus. The thin, clean-cut profile of Mac Johnson is etched out against tho semi-gloom as the profile of an old, iron-browed warrior upon the dark canvas of Rembrandt. Hia eyeB are of the colour and clearness of topaz. A thick, drab-tinted mou stache droops doprecatingly over the corners of his lips, as if it were conscious of owing some kind of apology to his chin for being bo much stronger than his board — which, by the way, he shaves when ever ho can get the Poet to lend him a saw- edged razor which that gifted being mes indiscriminately for cutting wood, corns, hair, or lengths of verse. Mac Johnson is very thin. Perhaps that is why he is a philosopher. It is, I think, a fact that most philosophers of any note woro thin men. This ia curious, and suggests an interesting query — docs leanness produce philosophy — or philosophy lean ? resB ? It seems reasonable to suppose that when ,, a man hasn't anything to eat, and doesn't know where to get it, he should begin to philosophize away the necessity for eating at all. If this could only bo proven it would be a shattering blow to tho splendid systems of a soore of ton weight tome- writers. But Mac Johnson started in life lean, though he cortninly improved away afterwards what small capita} of flesh he had till his specific gravity became little greater than that of a ghost. And notwithstanding that he knew philosophy wao making a spectre of him, the dream of his life wa3 to grow fat. For this and other reasons, he used to change his boarding-house about once a week. When he went round to a new ono the landlady would glare at him with savage suspicion, hold ing the door half-ajar until ho would assure hor that he was a consumptive and in very delicato health. Ho would then bring his carpot bag in and Btay a week. In the dawn he would sally ou'; for a five-mile walk to get an appetite. Then ere the tinkle of the breakfast bell had died away upon the gentle airB of incense-broathing morn he would f be down at the table and make the first fearful onset upon the cindery chops or the Eleusinian sausages. And he would never leave the groan ing board until the Bleepy-eyed steady man who is the backbone of every boarding-house, and stays last at table, had read the morning papers twioe through and finally yawned and gone out to his business. Sometimes he would bring round his friend the Poet, who would then eat enough to enable him to stand a fortnight's siege. After a day or two of this sort of thing the landlady would begin to suspect that what she had taken in as an invalid was an alligator in disguise. And by the ond of the week she would begin to wish it was an alligator. Then ho would go stealing away his carpet bag and board bill and leaving the poor woman to believe evor after that a philosopher was a person who had no money and a bottomless stomach. ***?##*# And yet Mac is a mighty sago. He has a poor opinion of the universe, though. There is a good deal of Sohopenhauerism crossed with Herbert-, Speucerism about his philosophy. He ha3 a plan whereby all evil is to be wiped out from the world and all the virtues fixed up again on a square basis. It is to employ the nations of the earth for forty years in making dynamite, and then have the total quantity obtained piled up in a heap at some central point— Bay Woolloomooloo — and get the too-late watchmen at the late Exhibition to keep sentry over it. Of course it would be set fire to beforo you could say Sir John Robertson, and the earth would be blown into chaos. There would then be a chance for some honest contractors out in, say, Sirius to buy up the debris and build a Dog-star town-hall there with. Those elements that were good in the constitution of the planet would survive and form new combinations of truth and beauty. The rest would die. Individual existence Mac Johnson thinks of no consequonce. The scheme io a noble ono, but I cannot help suspecting that Mac thinks more of it as an expeditious way of getting out of debt than as a benefit to the human race. It is a peculiar tiling, but a fact, that the mogt clear-sighted people are frequently the most un practical j Mac Johnson is ono of these. Ho can in form you exactly the way in which things are done in this world, and yet he can do none of them. He will tell you how to make a financial coup that will astound the Exchange and paralyze the Banks, and will walk away five minutes after wondering where in the name of Heaven he can raise sixpence. He can explain to you the minutost wheels within wheels of politi cal plotting, and yet he can no more carry this knowledge into action than ho could if his head were a ocooped-out pumpkin. How is this ? Is it simple inertia — a dislike to be troubled with learning the littlo details that are necessary for him to know who deals with men ; or io there always a link misBing between philosophy and history, between theory and practice ? Perhaps tho perception of institutions a3 machines that are governed by certain known and unvarying laws leads to tho consideration of tho men who are parto of these machinoo as mere automata subject individually to exactly the same laws and to be managed after tho same fashion. The wisest in theory are very often least wise in practice. Our philosopher wants too much to get at results, directly forgetting that human machines never work in otraight linos. Thero Z3 always a contri- , petal and a centrifugal force to throw thorn into ] curves. And thon thoro aro the Uncertainties. ] These aro factors that bafi'o all calculations when L tho calculations have fco do with individuals. It , 13 next to impossible to prodiot exactly what any ] man will do under certain given circumstances ] by what you havo known him do under similar j ones, or what you know of his character as a ( whole. , There is a mysterioue, unknown force, a primary i and ancient element in the constitution of man, that few men are conscious of, because it is asleep, and wakes not except in times of earthquake and convulsion. It lies silent as the Titan under Etna, deep beneath all other springs of action. A crisis occurs in a man's life when honour, duty- pleasure, lovo, all the virtues and all tho vices, urge him to do or leave undono a certain thing. Then tho awful, sleeper wakes, and leado the man, as one who is Jed in dreams by a phantom of fci'e night, over a precipice. Honour, duty, pleasure lovo, all the vices and all the virtues, have no more hold uj)on him then than if they wore chains of cobwebs. He acts directly in opposition to their prompting, to that of his own reason, and to hie own wishes. And when tho thing is dono and the terrible Unknown sinks back again through all Clio depths or reeling clown to tne unareamaDie depths below, the man opens his eyes, and staros around him a3 ono who has been mad for a space. And suddenly all the paasiono seem as strong as they were beforo this blind force overturned them from their pedestals, and swept them from their shrines, as a whirlwind overturns tho tall trees, and sweeps before it the red leaves of Autumn. He does not afterwards oven know of the exis tence of this force, but is content to leave the cause of his act an unimaginable mystery. So shall I. The man who raised the veil of Isis had not much to tell of her secrets. He died. #? # # # * * * But the existence of this force may account for a number of deeds done in a man's life, which can be accounted for by no other reason or com. bination of reasons. . It may also account for tho startling irregularities that are seen at times in tho life of the world. Mac Johnson overlooked this in his practical philosophy of politics. Yet he is a great upholder of the glorious privilogo of inconsistency. Every man, he argues, has a right to contradict his past career when and where ho chooses. In fact every man does ; but no man — except the Bohemian-born — allows that any other man has tho right to so do. Charles Bandelaire — tho poet of the Fleurs du Mai — is the only writer I have met with who makes tho admission that the right of contradict ing oneself is one of (he greatest among the Rights of Man, and one which is always left out in nineteenth-centui'y enumerations of those Eights. V.' W TT* VF 'fl* W Vl- Think of this for a moment. One evil deed committed by a man at a time when perhaps dire necessity had him by the throat is like a drop of vitriol that burns through all the clean white pages of the unwritten book of his after life and brands them with the felon's brand forever. He may live like a saint through all succeeding time but ho shall gain no credit thereby. He is no^ allowed to contradict his one crime. If for a moment he gains fame for an heroic action some cur in tho crowd, whose soul baa never risen above the lovol of its native gutter, will cast tho half forgotten taunt in his teeth. And that cry from the cloaca will be taken up by manly men and gray-headed cldoro and howlod at him till ho hides his head, or turns round in very bitternooB of heart, cursing Grod and Hia creation, and becomes all that these men roako him. And these men aro accounted the wiaeofc of their generation. Wisdom, thou art a fool masquerad ing in grave-clothes ! But, if treated by men with savage cruelty, doos he not find solace for his sorrow with tender- hearted woman ? Ah yes, Heaven be thanked ! woman is very tender and very merciful — when she pleases. Listen : — =::= =::: -* s * * * There was once a beautiful, brown-haired mai don, -whose thoughts were fresh and pure aa violets wet with the tears of Dawn, who weops over thorn bocauoo they are so short-lived and bo fair. She was God's visible blessing dwelling in her father's hou3o. But the false atrangor came, and — and, alas ! the same sad old story ; ' that night a star il'11 from heaven.' She Hod with her shame, and tho ' honour' of the family forbade her father to follow her and bring hor back. Her mother* at whoso leneeo she had knelt and oaid her childish prayers, at whoso side she had stood as an unbroken reed in times of trouble never mentioned hor name from that day forth. No word of comfort was whispered to her by her oistor womon in this hour of her great, affliction. She was cast out in the streets to die. And her death was awful, for tho soul died within her and left her body to walk about a living corpse. Look at her now. She is standing at tho corner of the street, just oufcsida tha circle of tho paslighfc, waiting like a tigress for her prey. Hor eyos are hard and cruel, and scorn and bitterness sit upon lior lips. No mercy has boon shown to her — io it unnatural that she should show none to Dthers ? She revenges herself upon tho women who have spat upon her and despised her by dragging down with her into tho Oircean slough whore she dwells and debasing in mind and body their husbands, oons, and lovers. And this iB tho snow-BOulod delicate maiden who was once the ounshino of her father's home. She was not allov?ed to contradict heraelf. What are the ruined lives o£ a thousand ouch ao oho when th© great doctrine of Oonoiofconcy io ot otake ? Is ifc not a miraclo of Gi- od'o mercy that any truth OB purity is left in tho world afc all? X O O :': O CD 0 And now I v:m tired of moralising, Jennyj bring in the jug ! # ?'?'.: O ?': ?'.'; W 3 Ifc may be objected about fchio time that I hav© diverged too much from roj ou.bjoor9 and grown altogether too irregular to bo tolerated. Thio would bo an error of logic. Thero io no ro« gulaiity in Bohomianiom except fcho regularity o£ orraticism. Consequently ifc is fitting fchn& tboro should be no method escopfc that o£ Eaftdaeeo with its chronicler. And fortunately xncdnoDO io bio normal state. 1'Text week I will continue fchio article and es« plain how it is that Gill daw, the noerofcary, and Mac Johnson, tho philosopher, have boon miooing ever since the Poet gave thorn three half-crov/no, which he had borrowed from the man in the next room, to redeem his oinging-robeo. Singing- robes, by the way, havo very little market-value with the money-changers. 