1 etchex. THE TRIANSFERED GHOST. Tns country residence of Mr. John ii ci~ckmin was a delightful place to me, for many reasons. It was the abode of a genial, though someiwhat impulsive, hospitality. Ithad broad semooth. shaven lawns and towering oaks and: elms; there were bosky shades at several points, and not far from thie house there was a little rill spanned by a rustic bridge with the bark 6n;. there were fruits and flowers, pleasant people, chess, billiards, rides, walks, and tishfng. Thesewere great attractions, but none of them, nor all of them together, would have been. sufficient to hold me to the place very long. I had been invited for the trout season, but Sshould, probably have finished my visit early in the summer had it not been that upon fair days, when the grass was dry, and thesun was not too hot, and there was but little wind, there strolled beneath tle lofty elms, or passed lightly through the bosky shades, the form of my Madeline. This lady was not, in very truth, my Mad eline. She had never given herself to me, nor had I, in any way, acquired possession of her. lBut as I considered her possession the only suflicient reason' for the continuance of my existence, I called her, in my reveries, mine, It may have been that I would not have been obliged to confine the use of this, possessive pronoun to my reveries lhad I confessed the state of my feelings to the lady. But this was an unusually difficult thing to do. Not only did I dread, as almost alllovers' dread, taking the step which would- in an in stant put an end to that delightful season which may beotermed the ante-interrogatory period of love, and which might at the, sanmo time terminate all intercourse or connection with the object of my passion; but I was, also dreadfully afraid of John Hinckman.' This gentlemen was a good friend of mine, but it would have required a bolder man than I was at that time to ask him for the gift of his niece, who waso the head of his household, and, according to his own frequent statement, the main prop of his declining years. Had Madeline acquiesced in my general views on the subject, I might have felt encouraged to open the matter to Mr. Hinckman, but, as I said before, I'had never asked her whether or not she wouldiba mine. 'I thought of these things at all hours of the day and night par. ticularly the latter. I was lying awake one night, in this great bed in my spaioous chamber, whien, by 'the dii light of the new moon, which partilaly filled the room, I saw J~hliJinukman standing by a largo chair near theldoor. I was very much surprised at this for two reasons: In the first place, my host hadnover before come into my room, and, in the second place, he had gone from home that morning, and had??not ex peeted;,fi'etioin foir adirel days. It' was for this reason that I'iad;ben'<able that. bivening to sit much later thnhinsual'with Madeline on the moonlit porch. The figure:was dcrtainly that of~iohn Hincknian in hiseordinay dross, but theiri'was a vagidness add'indis'tinctliis about it which presently assured me that it was a ghost. lad the good old man been murdered? and had his spirit come to toll me of the deed, and to coafidolto mo tho_pretec "iniofl i?s dear--? My heart fluttered at what I was about to think, but at this instant the figure spoke. ' "Do you nloow," he said, with a couitd nance that indicated anxiety, "if Mr. Hinck man will return to night ?" I thought it well to imaintain a'enlm ixtedior; and I answered i "We do not expeet him." "I am glad of that," said he, sinking into the chair by which lie stood; "' Dring' the two'yccrs 'and a ,half that I have inhabited this house, that inan has never before liden away for a single 'night. You can't imagine the relief it gives me."; And as -he spoke he stretched ouithis legs and leaned back in the chair. ' His form be came less vague, and the color of his garments more'distinct ?nd evident, whileanexpesesio'n of gratified' relief succeeded to the anxiety of his countenance;. " Two years and a?half I" I exclaiiid. I don't understand you." ' S"It is fullfthat'length :oftime," said the ghost,-'" since I first came hede. Mine is not I an ordlna"i " case: " ut befors'I say anything moareabout it;:let me ask ybu again if yau' are sure Mr. Ilinckman will not returni to- nighlt ?" S"I am as sure ofit as Icanboof anything," I answered. ' "He left toaday for Bristol, two hundred miles away." S" ThenI will go on,"' said the ghost, "' for I'amglad to have the opportunity of 'talking to 'some one who will listen' to me; butif John Hinckman should come in and- catch me here, I should be frightened bout of my wits," ' "This' is':allvery strange,'" I said, gredatly puzzled by what I had heard. '"'Are you the ghost of Mr. Hinekman ?"' " This was- a bold question, but my mind r?ds so full of other enmotions that there.seemed to be no room for that of fear. " "Yes, I am his ghost," my. companion re plied,-" and yet I- have no right to be. ,And this is what makes me so uneasy, and soinubh' afraid of him. It is a strango story, and, I truly bolievds without preicedent.- Two years and a half ago, John HIinckiitn" 'wasdaaoger ously ill in this very" room. At onj time he was so far gone that hoe vas really believed to be dead. -It was in consequenee"of too pro- cipitate a report in regard to this matter thbt I was, at that tine, appbinted to be his ghdst.' Imagine my surprise and' horror, sir,' when, after I had acceclpted tlhe position and assumed its iresponsibilities, the old man revived, be came convalescent, and eventually regained. his usual healthl. My situation was now one. of extreme delicacy and embarrassment. - I had no power-to return to roy originalunom - bodiment, and I had no right to be the 'ghsat. of a man who was not dead.. I was' advised by my friends to quietly maintain my position,' and was assured that,-as John Hinckman was an elderly man, it could-not belong before I could rightly assume the 'bosition for which I had been selected. But I- tell you, sir," Ihe continued with animation, '"the old felloaw seems as vigorous as ever, and Ihave io ided how much longer this annoying state of thihgs awill cbnthaue, I spend' my time trying to get out of that 'old man's 'way, I must"not a leave this house; and he seems to follov me everywhere. I tell you, sir, he hiiunts me." r ":That is truly a queer state of things," I, l' remarked. ''IlBut why are you afraid of him? aHe ocouldn't hurtyou." ' ' \- "Of course hecouldn't," said the'ghost.' " But his very presence is a shock and terror to me., Imagine, sir, howv'you"would 'feel if mny.casehero yours.' - . - I could not imagine such a thing at all. I simply shuddered, . S".And if one must be a wrongful gliost at all," the apparition continued, "it would be much pleasanter to be the ghost of aome man ofther than Jolhn Hinckleman. TThere is in him' an irascibilty 'of temper, accompanied' by a Sfacility of invective, which is seldom meot with. And what would happen if he were to see me, and find out, as I am sure hewould, how long and why I 'had inhabited his house; I can scarcely, conceive. I have seen him in his bursts of passion, and, although'he did not hurt the people he stormed at anycmore than he would hurt me, they seemed to shrink' before him." . -. All this I knoew to be very true., Had it nbot been.for this peculiarity of Mr. Binckman,'I emight have been more willing to talk to him about his niee. " ' ".I feel sory for you," I said; for I really be gan to have a sympathetic feeling toward this unfotunate apparition. " Your case-is indeed a hard one. -It reminds me of those' persbns who have had doubles arid I supposo a man. 'ould. often be very angry indeed when ha' found that there was another being who' was personating himself." ' Oh, the cases are not similar at all," said the ghost..'" A'double or doppelganger'lives on the earth with a-man, and, being exactly. like him, he makes all sorts of trouble;-'of cours. ::-It is very different with une. Iain not here to live with Mr. Hinckman. I am here. to fake his place. Now, it would make John Hinokman very'angry if he know that. Don't you know it would ?" I assented promptly. :"Now that he is away I can be easy for a little 'while," continued the ghost, "and I am so glad to haxe an opportunity of talking to you: I have frequently come into your room, and watched you while you slept, but did not dare to speak to you for fear that if you'talked with me Mr. Hinckman would' hear you, and come into the-room to know why you were talking to yourself."'" :" "But wouldlio not hear you?" TI 'sked , "Oh, no," said theootlhor, "thebr are times when any one may see me, but no one hears me except the person to wlom I address, my sel " . . .. . I . ? But why did yot wish to speak tome?" I asked. ; " Because," replied the' ghost;?' I like'doca-. aionally to talk to people, and especially to some one like yoursel,'-whose mind is so troubled and pcrturbedtl'that'you'are not likely to- bb friglotened by a'visit from one of uds. Dut I partieularly'wanted' to ask'you to do me a favor. There is cvery probabillty, so far asnI can see, that John Hancitan avoaill live a long itime, and my situation,:is bedoming insupportable.- My great obJddt at"ipresent is to get myself transferred, and I tlhink tlhatyou may, perhaps, be of use to mae." . "Transferred 1" I xeolaimed.' " Whit do you'mean by tlat?" ' *"WThat I mean," ald thle othler,' ;i this. Now that Ihave started on my career! lhave got to be thb'ghost'ofIomcbody ;;aid I want' to be the ghost of a man wlid is really cead.' " ishould think tat ?vduld bo easy enoeg;lo I said. " Opportunities 'mair t contually ocoour." ' - " Not at all I not at all i" said idy doiipan. ion, quickly, "You have nd ide'wlhat a'rush and pressure there is for situations of this kind. Whenever a vacancy occurs, if I may express myself in tIhat way, there are crowds of applications for the ghostship." "I hlad no idea that sucli a state of things existed," I said, becomning quite interested in the moatter. "There ought to be somoe regular system, or order of precedence, by whlich you could all take your turns like customers m a barbers's shop." - ' . " Ol dear, that would never do at all I" said the other. ." Somo of us wouldl havesto wait forever. ThOdre is always a great rush when ever a good gleostship offers itself-while, as you know, there are some positions that no one would care for. And it was in consequeance o1 my beipg in too great a hurry on an are-s. sian of tloe kind that I got myself into my a present disagreeable predicament, and I- have thought that it mighlt be possible that you would hlelp me out of it, You might know• of Scasiaiere {i opp c tuity fi' A:gh6itship was not generally expected; but which might present itself at any-moment. If you would give me a short'notigi, I linow I could arrange for a transfer." _?"*- ":-i .I " Wat.db you me?n?,,I deilaimed. "Do you wadit ?e to:dihimit. suicido? ' Or to un dortak "a murder for your benefit ?' '" Oh, no, no, no t" said the othler, with a vapoiy smile. '!I mean nothing of that kind. To b'seuro?tleore are lovers who are watched with bonsRiriable intorestiisuelo persons having been Imown, in momeniieot'depression, to offer very desirable ghostships, but I did not think anything of that kind in connection with.you.-You wore the-only-person-I-cared to speak to, and I hoped that you might, give me some Information that would be of use; aniid, i return, I shall be very glad to help you in your love affair." S'You seem to know that I have 'isuclan affair," I said. " " " Oh, yes," replied the other, with a' little yawn. 'I colq riot' bo'heir so, miuch ai..I haio bech withqut knowinhg all aboutthat." There'was 'seciething horibloe 'in the idea of Mdeline and myself having. been watched by i ghost, oven, perhaps, wbeei we wandered together inthe most delightful'and bosky plade: Bfut, then, this was quite an excep tional ghost, aind I could.not have the objec tions to him which would ordinarily irise in regard to beings'of his class. '"I matist.go now," said the ghost, rising, ' but' I will; see you somewhere- to-morrow highlth And'remember-you help me, and I'll help you." I had doubts the next morning as to the propriety of telling Madeline anything about this'interview, and soon'convince myself that I miistkeep silent on the subject. If she knew there vas a ghost about the house she would probably leave the place instantly. I did not mention the mutter, and so regulated my demeanor thatI am quite surelIadeline never suspected what had taken place. For some time I had wished that Mr. Ilioekman would absent himself, for a day at least, from the premises. In such case I thought I might m~ore easily nerve myself up to the point of speaking to Madeline on the subject of our future'collateral existence, and, now that the opportunity for such speech had really oc curred,:I did not feel ready to avail myself of it. TWhat'would become of me if she refused me? 'I had an idea;howey~er, that thl lady thouglht that, if I spored bging, tospeik at all, this was the timne.'. Sh must l'avaekown that certain se'itiiiients were aidatwivithin me, and she was not unreasonable in her wish to see the matter settled'0onoe ay'~r the other. But I did not feel' like taking a bol step in the dark..: If she wished me to.ask her.to give herselfito me;'sh'e" ought to offermouseme ,reason to suppose that she ?iould; makel the git. ..If saw no probability of such generosity, I would irefer that tlinigs ashould remain as they were. That eveningI ivas, iting .ithl' Madeline in 'the mnoonlit;p'orch, iIt wasw nearly, tpn o'clock, and ever sincmesuppertmo I has been working myself up to the point of making an avowal of my sentimentse, I hadil not posi tively..deterimined to . do this,but :wished' graduallyto ,reacl 'the pepr point, when, it, thia prospect; lokedl.hrtglht,.;I ,mightn speak. My; companion .appeared, to understand, the; situiation-at least, I imagined that the nearer I came toa pi~iositlthe more she seemed to. dxpebt:it. It was certainly a very critical and imprtant 'dpoch in ;my life. If :I;spoke, I should makeo 'iybl?,i?happy.or miserable for. ever, and if I did not speak I had'every reason to believe that the lady. would not, give me another chance tido so.... : Sitting thus n'itli Madelinie talking a little, and thinking very hard over these momentous matters, I looked up and saw the ghost, not a dozep feet away from us. He 'was sitting on thd railing of the' 'porcml,bne leg' thrown up before liim, the other dangling down as he leaned against a post.. He was behind Made line; but almost in 'front of me, as I sat facing the lady; : It was fortunate that Madeline was looking out over tlme landscape, for- I. must have appereedverymuch'startled. The ghost. had!told tiif that hluwould see mi some time this night; but:I did not' think ho would make his appcearance when I was in the companyof Madeline.. If she sliduld se the spirit oft liher ncle I'could not ansver for the consequences. Imadeno exclamation, but the ghost evidently saw that I was troubled. " IDon't be'afraid," hie,said-" I shallnotlet her se 'me ;' 'and' she icannot here me speak' unless I oddress myself to her,"which I do not 'intend to do."' I Isuppose I looked grateful. ."So ,you need' not trouble yourself about that,"'the ghost'continiaed; :I" but it seems to me that you are not 'gtting, alongrvery well with your affair.'; 'If I.. tere you, I should speak out ewithoiut waiting any longer..You will never have a better elmnnce. 'Yon are not. likely to be interrupted; and, so far as I can judge, the lady seems disposed to listenito you favorably; that is,, if shle ever intends to do so.' There is no knowing when John Hinck. man' will go away, agaain ;certainly not this saummer. It I w?oer n your place I should never daio todmake loveto Hinekman's niece if ha ?ereai niyvhemr about thc, place; If he should catch any ono offering hinmself to Miss Madeline, he would then bo a terrible man to encodunter," ., I agreed perfectly'to all this.a "I cannot bear'to think of hilln1a I ejacu-, .iated alusad... ., '! Think of Whom P' ,aked Madoline; turn, ing quickly toward ife. - fl iHere was an awkwardsituation. ,.Theo long speecli' of the ghost, to which Maideline paid no attention, but which. I.helard with perfect distinctness, had made me forget myself. It was necessary. to'lexplain quikly.: Of course; it 'would 'not do to admit that it wai of hedr dear unol' that I was speaking; and so Imentioned hastily the first namelthought of. " Mr. Vilitro,"' I saiad. This statement was entirely correct, for I never could bear to thil:k of Mr. Vilars, who was a gentleman who had, at various times, paid imuh.oattention to Madeline. SIt is wyrong for you to speak in that way 'of Mt. Vilais," she said... "tie is a renarka bly vwell educated and sensible young man, and has very pleasant manners. He expects to bdeelected to the legislature this fall, and I should not be surprised if he made his mark. He will do well in a legislative body, for whean dver Mr.:Vilars has anything to say ihe knows just how and when to say it." This was spoken very quietly, ani without any show of resentment, which was all very natural, for if Miadeline thought at all favor ably of me she could not feel displeased thatI should have disagreeable emnotions in regard to a possible rival. Thie concluding words contained a hlint which I was not alow to un 'derstand. I felt very sure that if, Mr. Vilars were in my present position hle would speak 'quieldy enough. "I know it is wrong to' have' sachl ideas ibout a person," I said, " but I caonitt help it." : " 'Tho'lady.did inot.chldid bio, mid fter 'tlhis she seemed even in a softermeood. 'As for me, I! felt.''cnsidorably 'annosyod, for I ~ad nut aaialicd 'to' adimit taitt uny'Ulluit of 'fIr,' Vilars had ever occupied my mind. °' . " You'shlould not ,is k. alnid that wvity," said thd ghost, " oryou may get yourself int trouble.' I want to se ovyorythinmggo well with youbesause then you may be disposed to help me, especially if I should chaiceto to be of any assistance td ydu; whioh I.hope I shall be." ''' longed tb tell him that there was'no way in which he could hIelp me so much as by tak. ing his instant departure, To mako love to a young lady wvitll a ghlost sitting on the railing near by, and that ghost the apparition of a mulch-dreaded uncle, the verya~dea of whom a in such a position and at such a time made mo tremble, wvas a difllmult, if not an impose. ible, thing to do; but I.forboro to speak, al.-' though I may have looked my mind, - " I'suppose,"? eontinued the ghosti?U thlat I you have not heard anything'tihat might be of. advantagoe to iao.' : Of eourse,-I am very i anxious to hear, but if you have anything to'I tell :me,I can wait;until "you' are alone. 'I'a will comp to you to-night in your. room,'or I avill stayhero until theolady goes away." : .5 ; ·' 5 ;: ji !I···i j' You?3leedinot wat.Iere,' I said; " I have nothing at all'to say to you." SMaddclin sprang,'to her feet, her faeoflushed and her eyes ablaze!', "Wait hler l''sho hiled. "What do you suppose I m waitlhg for? Id hinfg to say.to me indeed l- I'ihoi?ld'tithin'kso 5 Wiat should: you hlavo tdo'siy t nmo ?P.. ": =" ':' "1 sdelld nd I oIelaiined, stepping toward' her, "let nio explain." ;-" .But she hld gone here was'the c'd of lioe world for meI turned fiercely to the ghost. "Wretched existence I" I cried. " You have ruined everything. You havo blackened my.wholo-lifo.- Had it not been for youn But heremy voice faltered. I could say no "You wong me,' said the ghost. !'.Ihave ot injured 'ou.' I have tried only, to eneour go and assist you, and it is your' own folly. hat has done this mischief. ?But,:do not do pair. Such mistakes as these can beexplained. cop up a brave heart. -, Good-by.'" .. ... And he vanished from the railing like. a. bursting soap-bubble. . - ,. I wentgloomily to bed, but I saw noap paritions that night except those of deepair: and misery which my wretched thoughts balled up. The words I had uttered had' Bounded to Madoline like the basest insult.. Of course,'there was only one interpretation she could put upon them. As to explaining my ejaculalions, that; was Impossible. I thought the matter over and bver again as I lay awake that night, and I determined that I would never tell Madelino the facts of the case. It would be befter for inc to suffer all my life than for her to know that the ghost of her uncle haunted the house.: DMr. Hinekman was away, and if she knew.oft his ghost she could not be made'to-belleve that he was not dead. She might notavrvive the shock I No, my heart could bleed, but I. would never tell her. The next day was fine, neither too:cool nor too warms; the breezes were gentle,, and: na ture smiled. But there were no walks or rides with Madeline. She seemed to be much en-, gaged during the day, and I saw but little of her. When we met at meals she was polite,. but very quite and reserved. She had evi dently determined on a course of conduct, and had resolved to assume that, althoughi"I had been very rude to-her, she did not under-' stand thi import of my worlds.: It would be quite aropoer, of course, for her not to know what, Lmeant:by my expressions of the night before. ,. . I wa dooneast and retched, and said but little, and:the only bright streak across the black horizon of my, woo was the ,faot that: alie did not appear to be happy, although .sho affected an air,.of-unconcern. The moonlit porch wasdeserted that evening, butwander-' mg about the hoqse l found Madeline:in the library alone., She was reading, but I,went hi and sat down hear her. .I felt that, although 'I could not do so fully, I must in a measure explain mny conduct of the night before... She listened quietly to adomewhat labored apology I made for thewords I had used.. - - i ;I have not the 'slightest'idea what.you meant,"'"she said,: "but you were very rude." ( I oarnestly, .disclaimed any ' intentionu, of: rudeness, and assured her, with a warmth` of' iopeech that must have made some'impression upon her, that rudeness to her would be an iction impossible.to me. I said a great deal dipon the subjectand implored her to believe that if it were not for.a certain obstacle I could speakito her so.plainly, that she.would understand overythig,. SShe was silentfdr, a time,, and `thcen she, iaid, rather morn kindly,' thought, than 'she had spoken before:i ,:, ' aIs that 'obstacle in any way' connected, with my uncle?"= ' . S"Yes,". I hnsw red, after a little hesitation, it is, ia nieasure connseted,with him.' She made no answer to this, and sat look-. ing at her book, but' not reading. From the expression of here faeh, I thouglt .she -was somewhat softened toward, me?. ;She knew lier:sincle as well as I did, and.sheo may have beeii thinikigig that, ifhere were the.abstadle that'prevented my speaking: (and ,there;were many 'ways in'whih-ho'lemight be that obsta." cle), my position would be such'a hard one that it would excuse some wildness of speecll and eccentricity of manner. I saw, too, that the warmth of- my partial explanations had had some cldect on her, and, I began to be. liove that it might be a good thing for, me to i~peak my miind, without delay. 'No matter how'she should receive my proposition, my relations 'with 'hr could not ie worse, than' theyhad been thb, previous night,and day, andithbere was something in her face which cncouraged me to hope that she might forget. 'nay foolish exlamnations of the evening before if I began to tell her my tale of love. SI iree my chair a little nearer to her,:and. ao I'did' so the ghost burst into, the room from the 'door-way behind, her. -I say burst,. although no door flew open and he made no noise. He was wildly excited, and waved his, arms. above his head. .,.The moment I saw him, my heart fell.within me.. With the en trance of, that impertinent apparition,, every, hope fled frim eoe.; I could not, speak while lie was in' the room. " I niust have turned pale, and gazed stead. lastly at the ghost, almost without seeing Madeline; who satbetween us. ' Do you know," he cried, " that John Hinckman is coming up the hill? He will', be here in fifteen minutes, and, if you are doing sanythiig in theway of love-making; you had better hurry it tup. DBut this is, not what I came to tell you., I have glorious news ? ' At last I aim transferred I Not forty minutes ago. 'al Russian nobleman was murdered by tfife 'Nihilists. Nobody ever thought; of-hin in connection with an:, immediate glostship. My friends instantly applied for.the situation for me, and obtained my transfer. .I: am off before that horrid Hinakman comes up :the hill. The moment I reach my now position, I shall put off this hatedtsemblance.' Good. by.. You can't imagine how, glad I am' to be,' at last, the real ghlost of somebody." u . " Oh l"'., I cried, rising to my, feet and stretcehing out my arms in utter wretchedness, "I vwould to Heaven you were mine ",,. 'I as yours,o " said Madeline, rising to me her tearful eye.L' . , , . ,. r `' -'Froek-R. Stecklepa...Acsilury. 