THE GHOSTS WALK.. THE STORY TOLD BY A PERMANENT HEAD. THE Minister sat in his cosy room in the government offices in the Treasury Gardens. The rain pattered dismally on the asphalte pavement outside, but the Minister in his comfortable room took no heed of the weather, for be had business upon hand. Near him Btood the Permanent Head of his department, with deferential smile upon his face, and a sheet of correspondence in his hand. "Now, let us get to business," said the Minister, motioning his Permanent Head to be seated. The Permanent Head took a chair and laid the correspondence before the Minister. "These are all letters," said the Permanent Head, "from persons reminding you of variouB promises which you made them before the election. Some say that you promised them billets for themselves; others ask you to fulfil your solemn assurances that you would find vacancies for their sons the moment you got into Parliam6^Very good. Send them all the usual printed form acknowledg. ing receipt of letter, and stating that their applications will receive due consideration." 4 1 But I have sent so many of those, protested the Permanent Head, " that I have quite run out of forms." "Rubbish 1" pettishly exclaimed the Minister. "That's a very trivial excuse. Send to Ferres to-morrow morning and get him to put on his stereotypes and print a few thousands more. We're always wanting them." " Always," acquiesced the Permanent Head, with a taint—a very faint suspicion of a smile. . j ^ j 3 At that moment the attention of the Minister was attracted to the sound of regular footsteps upon the asphalt pavement outside the building. Tell that policeman to stop that monotonous tread, cried the Minister. " It jars upon my nerves," "I do not think there is any policeman there to-night, said the Permanent Head, confidently, as he rose and went towards W1Q ( Who is it, then, clattering up and down there ?" enquired the minister angrily. m . " No one," answered the Permanent Head m the same confident tone. Though he did not need to look out to verify his statement he drew up the Venetian blinds for the minister to satisfy himself. The member of a responsible government gazed out in amazement, The rain patterediupon the pavement, whose moist surface shone lite marble under the'light from the lamps. The sounds of footsteps could be plainly heard as of some one pacing up and down the asphalte terrace, yet there was no sign of a human figure to be 6e e " What the deuce is it?" said the minister half to himself,as with a slight shudder he turned from the window. " It is the Ghost's Walk," replied the Permanent Head solemnly, as he let down the blind and returned to his place at the table. " The Ghost's Walk 1" echoed the minister. " You perhaps would like to hear the story," said the Permanent Head, and taking the ministerial silence for consent, he proceeded. "Once on a time there was a Victorian Minister who, upon accepting office, was, as usual, compelled to seek re-election at the hands oi ins constituents. He felt a little bit doubtful about bis return and conciliated everybody. There was one man whose vote he gamed upon condition that the voter should receive a billet in the government service if the Minister was returned. The Minister swore a solemn oath, that once safely back upon the Treasury benches, he wouia find or create a vacancy. The Minister was returned, and tae premise was not kept." ,„.. . "How shockingly immoral," said the present Minister grovung interested in the story; the more so as the footfalls upon the pavement continued to be heard distinctly. . „ " The office-seeker haunted the promise-forgetting Minister, con tinned the Permanent Head. "Day after day fouudtbe^P pointed man walking up and down-up and down-thatpav.m J waiting to catch a glimpse of the Minister, and remind him onu promise that remlined unfulfilled. Whether from hunger J disappointment or from both these causes, I cannot say, biat we.» wretch grew thinner and thinner each day, but still he came a still paced up and down, waiting for the Minister who avoidea n and for the billet he never received. One day-it was fellow—he came as usual, looking fainter than ever, » bj| fiftieth time he saw the Minister, and begged him to promise. 11r v„ re until "No," angrily replied he, " not if you were to walk nerc " Then I shall walk here until doomsday," said the and with that he went away, and that night he died. like old John Brown's,' keeps marching on'- as you hea f ^ Tt ie saifl that it is always to be heard when Ministers are breaking the promises they made before their election." "Is it often heard ?" asked the Minister. "Pretty well day aud night," was the answer* Then, taking up his batch of correspondence, the Permanent Head asked, "Shall I send to the Government Printer for those forms to-morrow?" " Certainly," said the Minister; " and now you may go." When the Permanent Head had retired, the Minister sat listening to the Ghost's walk for a few moments, and then laughing at him- Belf for his folly in bestowing a second thought upon such an absurdity, he murmured— " That old fool of a Permanent blockhead has been reading Bleak House or going to see Jo at the Princess, and getting crazed on the Ghost's walk. Such a preposterous cock-and-bull-story to be sure. As if any one would be silly enough to believe that a Victorian Minister could fail to heep a promise /" Then the Minister went home to sleep the sleep of the just, whilst the unearthly footsteps continued to resound upon the asphalte terrace of the Government offices in the Treasury Gardens. 