Miscellaneous. It's a mistake to call the Australian cricketers kangaroos, because they've little or no tail. Eailways in America emplov l-30th of the popula tion. One- fourth of the 1.600,000 people thus em ploved are engaged in railway construction. It re quires 12 men. per mile to woik a Tailwav. includins workmen in the construction shops. 'Tis said that Mdma. Adelina Patti has accepted an engagement at ^SSSO per night for a season in 18S4 in South America. A great fire in London has destroyed the famous stores of Whitely, in Westbourne Grove. TVhitelyis the man who undertakes to supply everything. He astounded a customer, who had chafBngly ordered an. elephant, by invoicing one to him at ^64000. ' Pro Bono Publico ' writes to complain that some c£ the tramcars do not stop at the advertised places. For instance, several passengers in the Newtown tram, which loft the Sydney terminus at 6.9 p.m. on Tuesday last, were carried on to .Kedfern, although they wished to a%ht at various stopping places, along the lino before the railway is reached. Many people who were waiting at different points on the route were prevented from riding in the tram, although there was room for at least 20 additional passengers. Dr. Beaney (says the Melbourne 'World') is an expert in advertising. His latest dodge is to have tho shadow of his genial face thrown on a wall in Swanston-street, whilst above it appear the words — ' Tote for Dr. Beaney.' Bland Holt, they say, will clown at the Melbourne Eoyal this Christmas. George Darrell and ' The Vagabond' said to be forming a Dramatic Authors' Society for Australia, They say they'll have ' No Mercy.' A gentleman in Ballarat, who advertised that he would not bo responsible for any debts Ms wife might contract, advertised again that he was sorry he had done so, explaining that he was in a pretty considerable passion at the time. In Eussian Poland there are reported to be twelve Baptist missionaries, five churches, and about 20001 members. Cardinal Kewman says that a gentleman is one who never inflicts pain. Then no dentist can be a. gentleman. 'Life's a riddle,' saya a 'Western paper. Yes,lots of people give it up every day. The young skipper who takes a party of girls out sailing should content himself with hugging tho shore. A country paper, referring to The Assyrian's vic tory says, ' singularly also, the original name of the horse was Eothschild, and it has, therefore, been suggested that as he was racing round he remembered the days of his youth, and the name he then bore, and more strongly exerted himself on behalf of the Hebraic gentlemen of the * ring.' ' ' I like your new hat very much,' he said ; 'its chic, ttere's^a sort of abandon ? -' ' There isn't any sort of a band on it,' she said, pouting; ' it's a. real ostrich feather.' The Woollahra poundkeeper recovered £10 dama ges yesterday, in* the District Court, against the editor and proprietor of the local paper for a libel, it having been imputed that plaintiff had starved an impounded cow, which it turned out -was utterly untrue. The stonemasons employed at the new hospital in. Macquarie-street stand in some danger of Bunstroke, having to work in the blazing sun without any pro tection overhead. Those who buy cherries from the street frtdtseliers should see to having proper weight given them. One of these vendors was yesterday found out selling very short weight, which he made good to the purchaser whan detected. At 5 o'clock yesterday morning a man named, Thomas Scanlan, residing at Lane Cove, was bronghtj to the hospital suffering from a severe and painful] injury to his foot, caused by the wheel of a vehiole passing over it, crushing the toes. He was attended' by Dr. Sinclair. A few days ago a little boy named George Cowling, whose father is working at Nb-5 section of the Water works, whilst birdsnestinp: fell from a tree, and bus tained a severe injury to his head by ftflimg ©n a xockJ Ho was brought in to the Sydney Hospital, where he- now lies under tho doctor's care. ' In Melbourne recently a. popular young lady vocalist applied to her manager for an increase of - salary. The management granted the request, and the next time the ' ghost walked' tho lady in ques tion was ^s 6d richer. 'And bo you are married f° said one old acquaint ance to another. ' Quite 80,' was the reply ' I have been married more than a year.' ' As long as that?' 'Yes, indeed; I am now first walking gentleman to a double jointed boy baby. Come down, and see me:' ' Is ae honest ?' inquired a banker ot a friend who recommended a man for the position of janitor. 'Honest!' he echoed; 'well. I don't know what you call it; bnt he returned a borrowed nmbrella to me yesterday.' The man was engaged as cashier. ' Waiter ! ' he called after vainly struggling with knife and fork for full 10 minutes on an alleged spring chicken. ' Waiter, bring me a chilled steel wedge and a heavy hammer, forTm interested now, and am determined to see of what material this thing ia made.' G. S. Tithoradge, who was recently in Frod. Mar Ehall's Company, is going to America. Ho is playing a farewell engagement of six nights in. Sydney. The -Eobart 'Mercury,' writing in view of the approaching tourist season, appeals to tho proprie tors of hotels andlodeing houses to be ' careful sot to pile up the agony' too high, for visitors to over think oi a second visit. Thomass Smith, who in February last was cook and steward on the schooner Annie C. Lynn, at New Britain, in the South Seas, was on Tuesday committed for trial for the wilful murder of PMIip Bolls, master of that vessel, by shooting him with a revolver in his cabin. Smith had been put in irons by the captain, with whom he haft a quarrel and a fight on tho dock. Tho 'New York Tribune' quotes the following declaration of the editor of a southern newspaper -. — *' The south has never seen sudh crops as wo are hav ing this year. The oorn and wheat yield is just as abundant as the land can posaiblr make it. Tho cotton crop is much better 'than usual koA the pl&n-; ters are happy. Giro tin three Kuck harvests as we aro having- this your, and the f ntnre proSDeritv of tho sculh is ncsarci.' 