aCTOR A RACING CLUB AUTUMN MEETING. THE THIRD DAY. The autumn meeting of the Victoria Racing Club was brought to a conclusion on Saturday afternoon The weather was terribly op restive but notwithstanding the heat, there s a much better attendance than on either li the two previous days, the two Interesting "tests Ne<7_jar"et Handicap and Steeple being a strong attraction His Ex. tour the Governor was present during the i! ne and on the grand stand and the lawn fire were a large number of ladies The Lie tendered by the Australian band was heartly enjoyed by those present The first event on the programme was the ocean Nursery Handicap, for which 13 protesters started SjivamiB was made a «r strong favourite Saionara, Treasure Trove and Jock 'in the Green were the only others mentioned in the betting Vaucluse had for some distance, when Colstoun, whom persons mistook for Jack in the Green, went the front and led home in fine style, an ... winner by a couple of lengths Vaucluse f« thee" unto for second place The delight and Mira when the nuraueirB went up, homing "has not Jack in the Green but the Kevin Colstoun was the winner was very Si! expressed The next race was the KSSLkat Handicap, for which 87 horses Send out This is probably the largest field that ever started for the race in Australia i sir little of the race could be seen, as a five haze hung over the course, through high it was almost impossible to distin mi h the colours of the jockeys The toms stretched right across the course, iii) on the word being given, came on hie a charge of cavalry Mr Watson was my fortunate in starting, the horses being on their legs together 'European and The Drummer were the only unfortunates they lost about half a dozen lengths at the suit and were consequently out of the race ever ran well till nearing the distance where he was beaten totalisator was in a forward position all the way) Euclid and treenails were in front at the distance Total sator was next with Larpent a little behind on the extreme right Hyacinth drew out, ted won by a length Larpent finished very well but the race was over too soon for him The horses were so widely spread at the finish (but those who were well on one side of the rest could not tell which had won, and a lone delay was caused by the judge not being able to find the number for the second time the crowd became very impatient «offieaurpriEO was expressed at Euclid being placed second, as many of the spectators thought Larpent occupied that position The winner has never attracted public attention Stowe and was not thought of till he did a speakable) fast trial last week, and even after that a roof of his speed his owner did not buck bird till almost the last moment serpent ran well up to the form he showed "plate The Ghost and Heepenan were um dangerous Both horses had been kjhlr tried, and the backers of each felt tctCdent of victory in the race neither tote ran up to his private form Totals blor ran in a good position all the way, far he was outpaced at the finish Tjropean and The Drummer, were being present but their chance was lost at the limit It needed 11 5 -extra for dinner to alta down the excitement after this event The fine field of 10 horses started for the Town I late AS both Fell Melb and Com 0 lion started, Mr Phillips declared to win with the former, who immediately became ¿titfavourite at even money 'The declaration has somewhat late in being made, and ROBt people were under the impression that her were going on their merits, till at last he announcement was made that Fell Melb had been selected to carry the stable money Before doing a quarter of a mile Commotion went to the front and cut out the work at a rattling pace, and on reaching the stand he was about eight lengths in front Progress the chase, but Commotion held his position all the way Darebin went CIOBO up to Pro trees as they neared the turn for home, but he soon retired, and Wellington went past him Progress, who had impelled Gallantry in the vain chase after Commotion began to fail in the straight and Wellington passed him Wellington finished wonderfully well, but though he shortened the distance between him and Commotion he could not get up, and the colt won easily for the second time during the meeting two ECU 1 Fame finished first and second was for a race he has been run on the Fleming- 1 a course That M Wellington could carry JIM and finish second in a two mile race run in 5min 14sec. shows what a wonderfully good horse he is 19s. performance was so highly appreciated by the spectators that the winner was neglected, while it was Welling tea that everyone thronged to look at, and as IbehoiBecarne into the weighing yard he was greeted with most enthusiastic cheering The Victorian public dear!) love a good horse, and it is doubtful if a better horse than Wellington ever stopped to do battle on l^eHeniin^ton course Fell Melb never allowed in a forward position at any part of the race and in a running after Mr Phillips a declaration excited much surprise in the s Leger one of the most brilliant races ever seen at Flemington, this colt tong within himself, ran his stable corn (iron she was declared to win, to half a kgtb while on Saturday he was never in the life that he was well may be gathered Inn the fact that he was selected by the notes the winner His performance in this life is incomprehensible It was stated in the paddock late in the afternoon that he Phillips had brought the matter under the notice of the stewards, but LOiolcimution on the subject was furnished to the press The victory of Allander in the All Aged Stakes was looked upon as such a certainty that 3 to 1 was laid on him The sale proved that the backers were right, as tewon very easily, Solitude not being able to live with him at the Amah Nine horses started for the Steeplechase, for which Great Western was made a strong favourite Twilight went to the front as the horses came to the fences in front of the stand, and led all the rest of the distance Gazelle fell near the abattoirs Lacy gave chase to the leader after rounding the far turn, but was beaten by the time they reached the last fence Chrysalis came well »tthefmiBh, but could not get up to Twilight, who won very easily With the exception of Gazelle the horses went round without making a mistake. The meeting closed with the Handicap for Three and Four Year Old Duchess being a great favourite Mulatto rat out the work till reaching the sheds, when The Drummer took first place, and led to the rain lot home Here rates brought Duchess to the front, and in the straight she came again and won very easily The Drummer was second, and Waterloo third The racing was of a very interesting character through out but the atmosphere was so oppressive that everyone was glad when the programme was through SECOND NURSERY UAhMCAP A (keepsakes of BOTH each, list with 150 added. 1-ortaojcar olds Seienfurlongs 111 J B Finke's h c Colstoun, by King Cole lady Susan, 7st (Gainsford) .. - 1 III F Wentworth'! b f Vaucluse, by Rapid Bay -Chrysolite, Oat 111 (Ourton).2 Mr T Brown's g c Sayonara, by Maribyrnong Service, Est (Pigott) . stir li de Mestre's b c Sylvanus, by Robinson Crasw-Ladj.tiat 4lb (Holes) 0 Mr T Walker's b f Brilliant, by Emulation Ruby, Bit of (Braithwaite) 0 Mr J A Lanes ch c King of the Vale, by hingoltholtlng-AmothyBt, 8st 3lb (Evans).. 0 Mr f«non abc Magnet, by Vagabond - Magic Lar.tem,8.t (Power) 0 Mr S G Cook's b c Scipio, by King of the Blcg-Zcnobla, 7st 13th (Williamson) 0 Doe J W White s ch c Gostwyck, by Kelpie Young Emily, 7st 7lb (Norton) .... 0 Miss Robertson and Wagner's b or br c Granville, brhlngoftheRlng-Kato, 7st 7lb (J Heywood) 0 Mr A K Finlay's bro- Jack in the Green, by Bethnal Green Sultana, 7st 5lb (st Albans) 0 Mr J Cleeland's b f Gardenia, by King of the Ring Fleur de la, 7st 4lb (Forrest) 0 Mr n Borrcllabc Nulqulne, 9st 12lb (Burton) 0 Mr B J "Bowler's b f Treasure Trove, by King of the neighbors, Oat lb (Sanders) 0 Mr J Mitchell', h c Loiterer, by Glorious Trillo, Jet 319 (Nicholson) 0 leading -6 to 2 agst Sylvanus, 7 to 1 each aga' Money and Treasure Tree e, 8 to 1 agst Jack In the Green, is to 1 agst any other Hnlqnlne was the first to show in front, with King 61 the Vote next Vaucluse then took first place, ">JI«cr,Salonara, and Nulqulno being next In that case Paving the sheds Vaucluse had a load of three fcDgths, Colstoun, Sylvanus, and Letterer were SHOWING at the head of the others, Magnet was going forward on the outsIde. Entering the straight sentence passed Vaucluse, who was running side by Koewlth Saionara Sylvanus and Magnet were not Better In the run home Sylvanus came on work, but could not get on terms with the leaders. Colstoun won by two length.; Vaucluse was second, Solonoro Z is 83 years a close 'fourth ; Magnet, Brilliant, ara JICK in 10. Green were next in the order Time for 20.9, i s,. " NEWMARKET HANDICAP. 6 in ewMPa'akcs of 20 SOVS. each, 10 ft, or 5 only if declared, with 300 added For three year olds and upwards The second horse to receive 50sec and the third 20 sons out of the stake. Three quarters of a mile ",". Pearson's br li Hyacinth, 5 in, by Lord of James) h Euclid B >r0' 7st 4lb (0, Wall "L? jyh]Ltln8l'arn's beer ball Carpenter yrs', Sat 5lb (Murphy) . . 8 .!. o JAb í0í,1"' h Bathurst (late Telopbono), 4 !ra,.«t41b (Yeomans) .... '.. 0 (Plcolt)01**1'0 ch h Hesperian, 6 yrs, 8st 8lb. in', or 3?,'" br ° consist, 3 yrs, 8st' 7lb. '(Moore j 0 Bal Life dears ch h Baron von Mueller, 4 yrs, a,,8,',(llb.(l,oiver) . '.. 2' of (Carlisle) b h Mulatto 3 yT< 8st' 2lb I Mr D H? Wallace ebb Sir Joseph, 4 yrs, 7st, 10lb (O'Brien) , 0 Mr J Harper's g m Josephine, 4 yrs, 7st 12lb (Barr) ... 6 Mr T IioryachirBurrey,_yrn,7et.lUb (Francis) 0 Mr J R Cowling m Verdure,! yrs, 7st. this (Colony) .. 0 MrL h Smith's b Dougalston, 4 Pte, 7st 10lb Mr J li Hill's br c Totalisator, 4yrs, 7st 8lb (Bowes) 0 Mr J O DuDett 8 cb h Tumult, 6 yrs, 7st 8lb "(Kilby)., ., ,, 0 Mr >_ Town s b f Aureole, 3 yrs, 7st 8lb (Braith- waite) 2 ., _ 0 Hon J WhltoshlmGunlld, 6 yrs, by Yattendon, 7st 7lb (Norton) 0 Mr H Haines such or to The Ghost (late Salisbury), 4 yrs, 7st 5lb (S Davis) . O Mr M Lyons' br m Vatotto, aged, 7st 4lb (Barton) 0 Mr H Burrell B I Coomera 3 yrs, by The Peer Nevada, 7st 4lb (Casey) 0 Mr A K ilnloyabf Result, 3 yrs, 7st 4lb (St. Albane) 0 Mr L. Evans s b g Viking, 4 yrs, 7st 3lb (Pierce) 0 Ure Smith a br h Wcutbury, 5 yrs, 7st 3lb (Forrest) 2. 0 Mr J Cleeland's b li Times, 6 yrs, 7st 3lb (Eierott) 0 Mr F Went worth s b c The Drummer, 3 yrs, 7st (Gainsford) . 0 Mr E de Mestre s bro- Sweet William, 3 yrs 7st (Hales) 2. of Mr H Haines's b h Cremorne 0 yrs, Oat 131 (Williamson) 0 Mr J Cripps a br f Venture, 3 yrs, 6st 12lb (Hughes) TO Mr W Ackers s b g Struck Oil, aged, by Con feel, Ost life (Kilduff) 0 Mr J Coldham s br m Constellation, 6 yrs, Out This (Cracknell) 0 Mr S Mahon a brain Elsinore, 4 pre Oat 1011, (M Mahon) 0 SENT Elder s b f Tyropoan, 3 yrs, by Vespasian, Oat 10lb (Walker) ' ' a ' ' ' 0 Mr E Evans h m Corinne, 4 yrs, Oat 8lb (Lon decidedly) a g Mr J Wilson's br Spanish Lady, 3 yrs, Oat 7lb (Saunders) Q Mr C T Roberts ch g Game Cock, used, by Hunter Cfct 7lb (M Polson) 0 Mr T Coker's b elbe Cockney, 3 yrs, Oat Tib (Daj) . of Mr W A Filgate's f Bajlbcc, 3 yrs, by Gang, Forward, Gat 7lb (Barr) 0 Betting -2 to 1 agst Hesperian, 5 to 1 agst The Chest Stolen Larpent, from 10 to 20 to 1 seat another After some little trouble the flag fell to an excellent start, the horses going away well together except Tjropeon and The Drummer, who lost fully SIX lengths For a considerable time it was impossible to BOO from the Bland what was leading, over " to the midst condi Hen of the utmost] here As they came nearer Surrey was well in front on the left with totalisator in the centre Bathurst Mulatto Ujaclotb, Verdure and Euclid were all running well forward Larpent was behind the first division on the extreme right Half-way up the straight Surrey was running well in front on the IcIt.Oamieock, Tumult, Hyacinth, and Euclid were CIOBO up Totalisator was well forward In the ml idle with Result close handy Bathurst was on the left with Larpent coming, up close to the rails Surrey then died away, and Euclid and Hyacinth came on In front I serpent was next, coming, up very fast, and catching, the leaders every stride Hyacinth drew away from Euclid, and won by about a length Land cwt and Euclid finished so close that few knew which was second till the numbers went up Total. actor was a good fourth Aureole, The Ghost and Result, were as owing prominently in a group of about a dozen that followed Time, Ira 100a TOWN PLATE AswccpBtakcaoIlOsovs each, h It, with 500 added for three year olds and upwards Weight for age The winner of any race not being a handicap of the school Dr BOYS to carry 3lb extra, of 500 so! 7lb extra of 1000BOW, 10lb extra Penalties not accumulative Maidens allowed 5lb The second horse to receive looses and the third Sovs, out of the stake Two miles Mr H Phillips b c Commotion, 3 yrs 8st 7lb (Late) _ , Mr C G Baldock br I, WcI1|.elonlie._flil0äti 'story; rr 2 Mr W Branch's b li Profcrces, 4 yrs, Oat 7lb (Moore) 3 Mr V M CUntoel s br li Salisbury, aged, by Tim Vi hillier, Oat 7lb (M Clintock) 0 Mr F F Dakin a br c Darohio, 3 j ra Sat 10lb (Power) 2 0 Mr S. Gardiner s br c Coriolanus, 3 j ra, 8st 10lb (Murphy) 2 6 Mr E de Mestre's brother Sweet William, 3 yrs, 8st (Hales) 2 E 0 Mr U PhlllipsshePcllMell, 3 yrs 8st, (Evans) 0 Mr D M'Plicrsoaa h c Santa Claus, 3 yrs, Sat (O Brien) _ 0 Hen J WliltcsbrcBatliurBt(latoTclephone) yrs, Oat 3lb , Ci comans) 0 Betting, -Even on Pell Mall 4 to 1 ogat Wellington, 5 to 1 each agst Progress and Commotion Wellington was in front as the horses started on their journey but was soon passed by Santa Claus and Commotion Entering the course Commotion went to the front and began to force the running at a great pace By the time he reached the stand he was fully eight lengths in front, Progress, Salisbury, Sweet William Wellington, Darohln, Pell Mall Corio lands, and Bathurst were following. in that order Commotion held his lead round the turn past the stand, Progress was next three lengths in front of Wellington salisbury. and Sweet William were run along together Darebin Coriolanus and Bathurst were next The horses ran along by the river the same order, Coriolanus dropping well behind as they were on Rounding the far turn, Commotion still held a strong lead, 1 progress was next, a couple of lengths in front of Darebin who had gone up to third place, 1 eil Nell and Wellington were next to tether After a gap carne Sweet William-, Bathurst and Salisbury, in straggling order, Coriolanus was a dozen lengths in the rear Commotion hold his place in the front along by the sheds, Progress was second, and drawing slightly nearer as they came on Darebin v cut close up to Progress as they neared the turn (or home, Wellington was next Commotion led into the straight fully four lengths in front of Progress, Darebin retired and was passed by Wellington Halfway up the straight Pro (trees tired, and was in turn passed by Wellington who came on very gallantly under the whip but was unable to reach Commotion who won by about four lengths Progress was a moderate third, a couple of lengths in front of Sweet William S nita Claus was Olth Poll Mell Darebin Bathurst Salisbury, and Coriolanus were next June 3 348 ALL AGED STAKES A sweepstakes of 5 SOVS each 2 ft, with 100 added For two year olds and upwards Weight for age Of a mile Mr J Morrison each c Allander, 2 yrs by King of the Ring Cut lib (Sanders) 1 Mr F ele Visires br f Solitude, 2 yrs Oat 616 (Hales) 2 Mr W. Branch a b c Mistaken 2 yrs, Out I'll (St Alban') 3 Mr D S Wallaeosbrh Napper Tandy, 0 yrs, Oat lib (O Brien) 0 Betting -3 to 1 on Allander Solitude on the inside and Mistaken on the outside getaway in front As they rounded the first turn Mistaken and Solitude were together in front Allander was immediately behind them Napper Tandy was about four lengths behind Passing the abattoirs Allander, Solitude, and Mistaken were running, abreast They ran together till near the turn for home when MlBtakcn began to drop back In the straight Allander drew away from Solitude and won as he liked by five lengths Solitude second, Mrs taken a very close third Napper Tandy was about seven lengths neck Time 1m 4013. STEEPLECHASE A handicap sweepstakes of 10 sovs each, h ft, with 300 added The second horse to receive of 60 Sovs and the third 25 seats out of the stake About three miles Mr S Austin's br m Twilight, aged, by Panic, Hat (Scoble) 1 Mr F C Gojdcrsbr in 61 realise, aged, Oat 7th (Batt) A I 2 Mr P Glenister's br m Lucy, aged, lOst lib (M Innes) . 3 Messrs Robertson and Wagner a b g Great Western, aged, 11st 3lb (Corrigan) 0 Mr E Bowman's b g Roebuck Oat 12lb (Bourke) 0 Mr M Moran's br m Gazelle aged, Oat 10lb (Flojd) 0 Mr M Moran b li Hieroglyph, aged, Oat 7lb (Grace) 0 Mr G GlasBcockabgSkjIark, 6 yrs Oat (Kilduff) 0 Mr W Branch s br m Miss, 4 yrs Oat (Watt) 0 Betting -6 to 4 agst Great W called, 4 to 1 aged any other On the word being given the horses went away very deliberately Great Western, Chrj Balls, and Skylark being in front Hioroijjpb and Gazelle were behind ThoflrBtfcncowaa taken in following order -Great Western, Skylark, Twilight, Biaay Hieroglyph, and Lucy Going over the double, near the railway brldgoSkjlark went to the front and led round the far turn, three lengths in front of Green W estéril Tw IllLht was next about the same distance off then followed Sissy, Hieroglyph Lucy Gazelle, Chr. salts, and Roebuck pretty well together The horses ran In the same order put the sheds, and up to the turn for home Here To night went to the front. The horses crossed the fence in front of the stand in the following order -Twilight four lengths In front Great Western a couple of lengths in front of Skylark Lucy, and Gazelle At for a gap came There gladly SÍB3J Chrj sails and Roohucl Aftorroundiug the turn past the stand Great Western went up to I will t, the pair racing for the lead Lucy was following, about five lengths off Twilight hold her place along, by the rev stand round the far turn, where Lucy was second, but was soon passed again by Great Western Chrjaalls was drawing nearer to the load Ingdillslon, with Gazelle hands At the abattoirs Gozcllo fell Twilight cleared the stone wall three lengths in front of Great Western Lucy and Chnsails wore close up Hieroglyph was a low lengths away At the sheds Lucy passed Great Western and soon after Chrjaalls took third place twilight led into the straight, five lengths in front of Lucy , ChrissllBwaacloao up Great Western Aero club and Skylark were next and well spread out the re salts passed Lucy, but could not get up to Twl Heart, who won comfortably by four lengths Lucy was third, 10 he got a behind Chrjaalls , Great Western, skylark and Uicro(,ljpli were next in that order Time 6d 52s HANDICAP FOR THREE AND FOUR YEAR OF DR A sweepstakes of 15 sovs each, h It-, with 200 added Leger course Messrs Skene Bros b m Duchess, 4 is, by Manuka 7st (Hales) "r Mr F VVentwoithabo The Drummer Byrant Mr D S Wallace a eli Ii Waterloo, 4 yrs, 8st 2lb Mr J whittingham s br h Chatterer, 4 yrs, 8st Mr M'Grade's b li Mulatto, 4 yrs, 7st 10lb (Kit Mrs M Lloyd's br m The Marchioness, 4 yrs, 7st Hill (J Williams) , _ - ."" 2 Mr R. Howie's br c Kohinoor, Sire, at 10lb Mr W Finlay a b I Result, 3 J ra] 7st 8lb (St Mrs R CovvollabrhWoon 4 yrs, 7st (Crook Mr B Coleman's of li Crystal, 4 yrs, Bat (Gains Mr S Mahon s br m Elsinore, 4 yrs, by Horatio, Oct 6th (M'Mahon) , ."".. ° Hon J White's be Gloucester 3 yrs Oat (Ellis) 0 Betting -Even on Duchess, 4 to 1 ogat Wood, 6 to 1 AaStth_yh0olr8t_ went away, Result rushed to the front, Mulatto Marchioness and Elsinore body next Pass in the Stand, Mulatto had taken first place Elsinore, Result and Crystal were at the head of the other; Cliottorcr, Waterloo, and Koh I floor were behind Mulatto had a lead of three lengths' they rounded the next turn , Elsinore and Result were together at the head of the others Mulatto held Wapoilllonln front to the lot turn, where Result, Cry star. Week, and The Drummer were next, and close together. The Drummer then went up fast, and at the sheds he was in the lead, Mulatto and Bostllt were next together; Marchioness and Duchess own at the head of the others. As they came round the turn into the straight, Duchess? got upon the inside and took the lead ; The Drummer, Waterloo, WOOD. and Marchioness were next. Duchess came away and won very easily by four lengths; Drummer was second), and Waterloo third, a couple of lengths off ; Marchioness, Ween, Chatter, Mulatto, and Result were next in that order. Time, 8in. 126. 