CHAPTER XLIIL-COUSIN JOAN. " He is well paid that is well satisfled." . .' The day liad brightened during Joan's sojourn nt'Laburnum Place, but sho felt even heavier of heart than whon. crossing the Heath several hours before. _ Sho had not seen Mr. Hi chard Patterson since his wedding-day, but ano had heard of him moro than onco through Prank, and, in spito of ovidont misrepresentation, liked extremely, what she hoard. Sho shrank now from making his ac quaint anco, and half dreaded tho rccoption alio might moot with, but much moro feuroa tho ox planationa that must onauo. In Tottenham Court Hoad sho felt . suddonly sick and faint, and then she recollected that sho had takon scarcely any food that day : so sho turnod into tho first con fectioner's shop sho carno to, and ordered a sand wich and a cup of coff oe. Having rested and taken refroshmont, BIIO folt much bettor and bolder, and readier to pay tho visit in Hampstead Road, for Mr. and Mrs. Richard Patterson still lived at their houso of business ; tho older Patterson and tho hoad of tho firm yet earring on tho well-known establish ment in tho Borough-" Patterson's Own" being moro popular and bringing in larger profits than ever. A few minutes brought Joan to tho shop-door, and, without daring to think about it, she ontorod, and saw Mr. Patterson busy at a littlo desk, pen in hand, and evidently making ontries. A young man in a white apron politely inquired what ho should do for her, at tho same timo bringingintofull view a fine pair of young ducklings and a dish of newly-printed pats of firm, golden, sweet, frosh butter. Joan replied that she wished to sec Mr. Patterson. The shopman bowed, and, going to the farther ond of tho shop, spoko respeotfally to his master. Richard Patterson looked up. Ho was stouter and roddor than when Joan had soon him laat ; but he was little ohanged. Ho lookod as sensible and as kind-hearted as ovor, and his visitor could scarcely think of him as behaving like " a raven ing lion" at Laburnum Place ! He carno forward with a courteous inclination, and thon waited to hoar what tho business might be that summoned him from Iiis lodger. " I see you do not remember me," said Joan, feeling almost a« much ashamod of hoi'self as if «ho hao boon aeouaed of forging an " acceptance" " I cannot say I have tho pleasure," ho replied, " and yet I have suroly seon you before ! I mel you a long timo ago, did I not P Ah, now I hav( it 5 it was on tho [occasion of my wedding, anc 1 you are ono of the Miss Carisbrokcs." " I am Joan Carisbroko, your far-away cousin and I have just como from Laburnum Placo whero I have hoard a miserable story, in whicl your nairo figures most sadly. My sister-in-lav summoned mo, I scarcely know why, to hoi aid. I must confoss I cannot cloarly comprchoni hor account of the transaction 5 I thoroforo conn to you." " You must bo moro than ordinarily clover, i you cart comprehend any account of Ada Caris broke, for sho has not the gift of sooing thing; reasonably or cloarly, and hor statements gonor ally aro provokingly unconnected and inaccurate But do not stand, Miss Carisbroko ; will you wall into my parlour, behind tho shop ? Wo can con verso privately and undisturbed thore ; my wifi and our childron wont yesterday to tho seaside and I should bo with them how, but. for this" un happy affair. What have you learned from Mre Carisbroko, may I ask ?" j Joan told what what she had heard as exactl; I and as Isuccinctly as she could. Mr. Pattersoi heard her to tho ond, and then said quietly, " I is pretty much as Ada relates it ; only she omit ono most important circumstance-.thia is not th first timo that her husband has-made uso-of m; I name ! There was a similar transaction thro years ago, and Frank Carisbroko wns then as com plotely at my mercy as ho ia now." Joan turned a shado pal or than boforo, and knoA not what to answer. Sho had |had her fears fo Frank for some time 5 many of Iiis doings hai puzzled her exooodingly ; but anything so terribl as this she had not anticipated. " Do you moan,1 sho faltered at length, " that my brother ha actually offended in tho same way bofore P ! that ho committed the same fault then a now ?" j " Procisoly the same ! Only, the sum I ha» to pay was a far smaller ono than tho 'preson i amount." . ; , . V I "What could have inoitod liim to such ma wickedness, andhaving onco ospaped consequence to dare thom again?" , ,! : I " I begin to think I have made a mistake in lei ting him go unpunished 5 there aro some nature turos that are tho worse, instead'of,the better, fe I leniency, somo characters with whom severity i tho truest mercy. I don't wish to pain you, MÍE Carisbroko, but I am afraid, your brother is or of thom." . '/,:,.','..?'?{.'.';.!-;' "I do. not know what to, think. Of ,coursi in the former case he made professions of. pen [ tenCO ?" " . , . .],'?, ' 1 "His penitence, his remorse was, or seome« quito pitiable Ho implored mo with tears i spare him, to pardon his grave offence, to giv him one moro opportunity of retrieving himsel I must say I felt no groat confidence in his OJ prossions of sorrow, nor in his reiterated promise for the future I distrusted his principles ; li had, I feared, no sonso whatever of integrity, an his companions in business, as well as in pleasun were not of the sort to do him any good. Still, was sorry for him on many accounts, and his wii waa my Annie's own sister. Ada was upstairs, too, with a three-days-old baby when the storm ! hurst, and Prank had tho madness to rush to her bodsido, and proclaim his ruin and disgraco, in his usual maudlin, despairing stylo. Ada's life was in great danger for moro than a week, for fever twas tho result of tho imprudent excitement to which she was subjected, and thc babe died. Frank absolutely grovelled in his abject misery, and once agaiii lie Vowed-nay, ho swore to amend his ways, and tread henceforward tho paths of rectitude and honour, if only ho might have another ohanoo ! He did not deserve it, ho con fessed, he merited only the utmost penalty of his misdeeds-ponai servitude for the term of his natural lifo would not bo too muoh for his offences Only, for tho eako of those who must suffer for ,his crime, the innocent for tho guilty, ho implored me tb have compassion, and let him escape the just consequences of his sin. Well, Miss Caris broko, though I am ' only a tradesman,' as Mrs. Carisbroko has frequontly reminded my wife, I have 'the heart of a man, and I am a husband, and a fathor ; BO af tor a littlo hesitation-which I must say was more than half a pretence, only I was afraid of lotting him off too easily-I for gave him, and oonsontod that the past should be condoned on condition of a sterling reformation for the future And it was quite as much for your sako, Miss Carisbroke, as for Ada's and the little ones, that I acted as I did, and forobore my : just retribution.'' " For my sake f I did not know that you had any olear roinombranco of my existence." " Yee, I had ! Frank, in his bettor moods, had told mo how from girlhood you had toiled and strivon to live honestly and honourably by your own exortions; how you were the stay and main prop of your family 5 how you kept tho household together ; how you woro a true Christian gentle woman, doing your duty in tho station to which God had called you. And I heard of you and your sistors from other sources. During these last few years the school at Chestnut House has got a famous name. I shall send you all my daughters, ono af tor another, as thoy grow older, I promiso you-that is if you will have thom-foi you will make good useful women of them, and not fine ladies, I am positive. Yos, it was partly -and a good deal-for your own sake that 1 declined to bring tho name of Carisbroko into public disgrace." " I thank you oxcoedingly, Mr. Patterson ; you havo been very merciful to my poor misguided brother, very kind to Iiis family, who* unfortu nately, must reap some of the fruits of his evil sowing. But, in tho present instance,-how will you act now f". " Oh, that is more than I can toll you at this minuto, for I do not know myself. I cannot act as I did boforo. In tho first plaeo it is du« to socioty not to pass over such shameful trans gression; if Frank Carisbrook go seot- free again, as he did beforo, he will only be encouraged to defraud afresh-no ono oan tell to what ex tent ! Others will have no motive to merey, and he will suffer the full ponalty of his crime. Bul that is not all ; I might say I would leavo br those who claim no kin with him the office pi exeoutionor, and let him once moro escape ; this however, is not possible. In this case, Frank hai been a fool ashwell as a villain, and he has impli cated others "who aro not likely to hold theil tongues. It is a vory confused pioce of businoss and I really cannot oxplain it to you, for I do noi as yet myself soe tho rights or tho wrongs of it I have spokon to a lawyer whom I can trust, anc wo are going into tho mattor to-morrow morning Businoss is gotting a littlo slacker, or I don'i know how I could spare tho timo." '* How much monoy havo you got to pay fo: Frank ?" " Ono thousand pounds ! It was only tw< lmndrod beforo. Miss Carisbroko, when you brothor loft London, ho fully intended nevor t< return ; he had laid all his plans, and ho carrioc off noarly tho whole sum. Ada said ho was gom to Paris on business. I know bettor than that I taxed her with her falsehood, and by dint of 1 littlo storming I got tho truth out of her. II« has levanted to tho other sido of tho Atlantic ho is well on his way to Now York by this time.' ". She told mo that, without scruplo, Frank ha< laid his commands on her to docoivo and misloac all inquirers ; but I suppose she did not think i necessary to lie to mo. Will he be pursued ?" " I cannot cortainly say that ho will, or that h< will not. As I told you, the mattor is not on tiroly in my hands; if I hold my peaco thoro aro others whom wo cannot expect t< be BO considerate And a thousand pounds is t groat doal to sacrifico, when one hos a growing-uj family of one's own," " It is, indeed, and I do not think you ough to Baorifico it. But if tho monoy is tho onl^ difficulty, I think I oan manage to refund it, ii throe or moro instalments. I am not sure that '. could not at once-that is, in a few days- procur it for you." ; , "Ah, but tho money ¡is not; the Bolo diffl culty ; there are complications. Look you here Miss Carisbroko; you seem to- mo like a womal of business, so I'll put it before you as cloarly a I can." And thon Mr. Patterson entered into a rathe lengthy explanation, which it is not hero noedfu to repeat. Suffice it to say, that at tho end of ai hour's converse, Joan waB not very much tin wiser ; she only understood that Frank had ai accomplice in his fraud, and that Mr. Pattersoi was not alone in his liabilities. Not on oharge, but two-probably moro-might b prof err ed against Frank Carisbroke, win had " run tho country," to escapa alik from his creditors and from the clutches of tin law, She took down some notes, determined t< tell .tho wholo truth to Arthur that very ovon ing.- Then eho thanked Mr. Patterson for hi groat kindness and courtesy, and roso to take ho leave. ; But Richard would not allow it. "No, no,J he cried, " you aro not going out of my house Miss Carisbroko, till you'vo had a good comfort ing- cup pf tea, and something to oat. , You loo] Uko a ghost, you do, indeed I I am only to proud to entortain you, for we do call cousins you know!, and blood is" thicker Jthari water, as wo Pattersons believo - though' wo are tradespeople, and Nonconformists! Takb' off your bonnet now, and put up your feet on tliat sofa* arid fèstj ' while I go and toll niy cook what I want: I've only ono maid at hoinb; tho otliet two have gone with tho mistrosa to Hunstantdn." And beforo Joan could remonstrate she was left.. alone in the comfortable cool parlour, and the sofa looked inviting certainly after all the fatigues of the morning, and the long journey of the day before. Tho room waa really well furnished ; everything in it was substantial and handsome ; without any attompt at display, and it was scrupulously neat and clean. The chairs and tables, and the capacious sideboard shone with something else than mere Prenoh poliah ; tho oheap ornaments and paper-mats and artificial flowers that from Frank's account Joan was pre pared to find, were simply conspicuous by their absenoe ; there were several good oil-paintings on tho olive-green walla, and portraits of the older Mr. and Mrs. Patteraon; tho window drapery was frosh and tastefully arranged, and on tho sill outside waa a box all ablaze with goraniums in thoir fullest summer bloom. Evidontly Mrs. Patterson was a better housewife than her sistor ; and oithor Bho or her husband had a tasto for literature, for ono doop recess was fillod by a bookcaso with-«well-laden shelves, and the volumes wero evidently not kept for show j there were also on a sido table several roviews, and tho latest numbers of tho best poriodicala. Protension was certainly not the foible of tho Patterson family. Lulled by distant subdued sounds, and grateful for tho opportune repose, Joan almost foll asleep -indeed, she was just being transported back again to the sunny glades of Dunham Tower Park, when the entry of the servant and the tea tray dispelled the pleasant illusion, and she started up, rubbing her eyes, and apologising to her host, who appoarod at the same moment-" I do think I was almost asleep." j " And I do beliovo you were !" he * replied, pleasantly. "' I am only sorry we disturbed you, for a little nap is sometimes even moro re freshing than food, and you do look quito overdone. Now for a really good eup of tea. My wife prides hersolf on her tea, and though, unfor tunately, sho is not hero to-day, I think I can promise you as good as if she were Luckily, there was cold chickon and tongue in the house, and new-laid eggs from our own farm in Essex, so I do hope you'll make a hearty meal, for I'll lay anything you havo forgotten all about your din ner or lunoheon, or whatever you call your mid day repost." ? '?? \ " Indeed, I felt too sick at heart to caro for food, and I am afraid I can do but scant justice to your very tempting fare j but a «up of excel lent toa is always a luxury. You aro very kind, Mr. Patterson." " Not a bit of it. I am so glad to see my Cousin Joan-that is your name, is it not f We had the same groat-grandfathor, you know. My father used to talk of his Cousin Louisa aometimoi and I remember hampers of poultry and pork and such things, going to some rectory at Christ mas, when I was quite a littlo chap. Somehow OJ other, tho interchange of civilities died away, and when I first met your brother, as Ada Cook'« lovor, I had only a misty recollection of tho name However, wo, on our part, shall bo dolightoe to renew tho acquaintance" But, ofter all, Joan did mako quito a satisfae tory littlo toa, and Richard seemed wonderfully ploasod when she took a slice of dolicious tongul with her broad-and-buttor, and did not rofuse on< of tho new-laid oggs-only that morning from tin Essex farm, whence, in after days, many a goot thing found its way to " Cousin Joan." But tho afternoon was passing rapidly away and Joan did not forgot who was duo at.Chcstnu House no lator than G o'clock. So with cordin adieux she took her departure promising to com again as soon as " the mistress " returned. It was G o'clock when Joan onco more saw th' f urzo-bushes on tho Heath. Tho mists wore gob now, tho roads and tho grass woro dry, only a foi fleooy clouds floated in the clear, bluo zenith, am tho groat city lay far away, Blooping in the sum mor sunshine. Never had tho Hoath looked fairer Would tho shadows flee away ns speedily from he path-tho path that had showod so brightly onl; two days since ?" Six o'clock saw Arthur punctually arrive, an Mrs. Bray, who proaidod at tho tea-table, agni decided that he was just tho match for her HWOC Miss Ruby ! It was vory kind of him, she though to take such caro of dear Miss Joan I It was nc evory young man, in these days, who would intore) himself so sincerely in tho affairs of his mother' friend ! For in no other light did it occur to Mri Bray to view the connection botwoon Miss Caril broke and tho Warrondalcs. But when Mrs. Bray and the toa-cups had dil appeared together, Joan lost no time in telling th whole unhappy story that weighed BO heavily o her heart. " And now you know all about it,, ti far as I can tell you," she said, when all was du closed, "and I think-I tlu'nk, Arthur, you ha better loave mo to be Joan Carisbroke to the en of the chapter. It is possible-only too probabl -that tho name of Carisbroke will soon- beconi too famous-too infamous, alas ! to be couple with that of Warrendale that has never known blot." " My dear Joan, what nonsense you are talking No blot, forsooth ! Why, my ancestors wei border-chieftains, and that means, you kno\ border-thieves. They would " lift " their noig] bour'B cattle with tho utmoßt complaconc; whenovor thoy fancied them ; thoy gave thou solves np to deadly feuds, and burnod ai harried on tho smallest jn'ovocation . and I hai no doubt some of thom wore hanged for tho misdeeds." , ¿ "Ah J but that was long ago, when Chri tianlty meant the Moss, and civilisation was y< unborn." > - .? ? ? \- ''Never mind, the blots aro therej- on '' ni escutcheon, just tho samo/' , . ' (TO BB CONTINUED.) 