MARK TWAIN HE INDULGES IN A NEW VERSION OF HAMLET. Accoss has been had to the advanced sheets of Mark Twain's now play, whioh will bo brought out in New York some timo during the coming winter. It is not oxactiy a now nlav. hut rathop a ravision \of Hamlet. Ac cordiug to Twain's idea, Hamlet as it came from me pon of Shukspcaro was incomplete. Twain assumes that a man of Hamloi's tneluu oil fly and eccentric temperament must of ne co'silyhavohtidayoungor brother in tho family of a rooro sprightly and sunny disposition. Twain sustains his theory in tho following in genious arguments : Wo find in tho History of Euglaad and Paris Adjacent, puga 4, ll 44, volume 2, tho following loiter from the King of Den- nark to Tom Sayers, tui old friend of his Dbh Tosr. — Those halr-stulfod boxing gloves and foils camo by tho Mark Lane Express Mark Lauo who ran tho express company was a distant undo of tho author— M.T.J in gaud ordor, G.O.D. Hamlet, my oldest son, being of a taciturn and uiolunuholy disposition, takes very little stuck in tho glovos, as a blow on tho noao only sorvea to iuureasu his melancholy. Thus I nave given yn gloves to Billy, my second-born, who is as lively as a crickot on his pius and a jovial lad withal, who takoB kindly toyo manly sport of boxing. Yesterday hothumpedhis toachormoataouudlyonyo bugle, for which I ro warded him by giving him a silvor mounted wassaibbowl filled, to tho uppermost riin with good browu ale. . If you mako your nmtoh with Crabb lot mo know, nnd send a couple of tickets fur seats pretty close to tho ropes, If you want bnoking, the wholo Gxchoquor of Donmark and tlig pub'trooauiry thrown is Yours truly, l/Aunius, King of Denmark. From this historical scrap Mr Olomens pro coeds to reconstruct tho play, holding with no little show of reason that Shakspcaro had no license, poetical or otherwise, to givo Hamlet a prominence not accorded to his younger brother. Twain continues: Other lottcrs from the king to Sayers, now in my possession, being kindly loaned by the British Museum, go to show that Shakspoaro lmd a grudgo against Billy, tho younger brothor, becauso when Shakspearo visited the palace of Clau dius, Billy put an old candle-suuffor in Shaks- peare's boot, a frolicsomo proceeding which so incensed tho bard that ho never forgave tho young rascal. Portions who havo had candle snuffers placed in tbeir boots can readily ap preciate tho motives which governed tho pool in making no reference to Billy in tho play excopt where lie appears to him— " Like a mildewed oar Blasting his wbolcsume brother. The events at Elninoro happouod as I havo written thcin. Shakspoaro transposed and distorted the facts and I cannot conscien tiously allow these gross historical mistakes to pas uncorrected. THE PLAY. In his revised version Twain takes liberties with tho original text, which Btrongly remind one of Boucicault adapting a French 'drama for the American stage. In the first act where Bernardo and Fran cisco indulgo in a colloquy on tho platform along with Marcellus and Horatio, Williom comes in and sots up refreshments for tho guardsout of a little black bottle, but rofuso tho two latter to havo a second pull at th flask after thoy begin to talk of tho npparition» on tho grounds that ho does not caro to en courage so pronounced a case of delirium tremens. The gunrds then leave William to himself, and after they have disappeared ho bursts into an immudcrato fit of laughter. Ho then slips away, and in a sido sccmo is represented dress ing himself up in his father's armor and cov ering hirasolf with some mosquito netting, making up as a ghost. . As soon as his arrange ments are coinpleto he stalks in and frightens tho wits out of Bernardo and Horatio, making several tours out in the aide scones, where ho goes to hido his merriment at tho success of hU trick. When Horatio is telling Hamlet of the ap parition William listens with his mouth wid-j j open, apparently transfixed with fear, bu: j after thoy are gone, he turns to Hamlo > with, Hamlot do you swallow all this? Don't you Know all those fellows aro as crazy ns bod bugs? Do you s'pose tho old man would walk around this castle with his armor on? What in tho deuce does a ghost want of armor ? Besides, a ghost ain't capablo of nackin' armor around. Why, tho last few y.o:frs before dad .died, bo wnsu't hardly ablo to waddle about in (bat one hundred and ten pound suit. Don't you know, when ho caino in from that last dress parade, ho said he'd be switched if he'd ever put tho old brass togs on again. Pshaw, old boy, have somo senso, TUB GHOST WALKING SOENB. In the fourth sceco William gets himself up in fine shape and rehearses tho ghost walking scene until ho is entirely satisfied with him. : self, wbiio ho indulges iu the following soldo quy : PorhapR this won't catch him. Oh, no ! He'll think it the true buoincss and no mis take. Ifl can got him about half crazy I can corral tho girl. Blamed if ho'd have far to go. In this scene Twain hosjfollowed tho origi nal text pretty closely, The following ox tracts will give, a general idea of his treat moot of it: Ham— My fate cries out And makes each petty artery in this body As hardy as tho Noraean lion's nerve— . Ghost-beckons. Still I am called. Unhand me gentlomon. Breaking from thorn. ! By heaven, I'll make a ghost of him that lots mo: I say, away ! Go on, I follow theo, William— Ob, he's coming. I'vo got bim cranked already. Tho harrowing talo which William, as the GhoBt, unfolds, runs in this praotical fashion : lam thy father's spirit. Doomed to an everlasting swing arouud tho circle, I could a tale unfold that would lift your hat to tho ceiling. If thoro over was a slick old fraud, your undo is that man. Tho nowspapor report a about my death wore all wrong, although as near right as all nowspapor report. Mountain fovor never got awav witu me. Tho man who is now in raj, political shoos dumped : an ounco'of prussic ac/u in my ear aud that did tho business. I can toll. you, Hamlet, that for . a good, quick, rcliablo poison, I consider- pruseieacid as unoqunied. I am willing, to- furnish testimonials for tho trade. ! Tho ghost then proceeds- at considerable length to tell Hamlet what -to - do . and how to got oven with his undo, interspersing his story with some side-splitting (l asides" which are in Twain's best vein. .Through tho ontiro play tho pranks of William aro indescribably ludio . rous, as he appears in tho double role of ghost and advisor to Hamlet in tlio flesh. Whon not masquerading with his materializing seancos he is going about with his brother trying to dissuade him from doing anythiug rash, arid tolling him what an infernal fool lie is for taking any stock in tho supernatural, occa sionally withdrawing to a quiet place to hold his sides and laugh, whon hi3 hilarity threatens to escape from hiB control. His primo idea is to get oven on his unolo and stepfather, for whom bo has tho most profound contempt, but whon events thicken as tho direct result of bis pranks he studies to undo his work and on ono occasion confesses tho fraud and tries to get Hamiot to look at tho armor and mosquito netting, but Hamiot only looksx upon it as a dodge to dis suade him from bis purpose and will liston to nothing. In the latter part of tho play bo so bors down and calmly allows events to tako their course. In tho closing scono ho gazes up on the work of death and coolly ordeurs , "a bolt of black crape," while ho announces that his mourning will bo wholosale, Soino of the passages aro intensely funny and in others th humor is forced, wifh a tondonoy to slang ; but ob a wholo the innovation is vory laughable, and the thing will no doubt attract largo audiences wnerover inq piece 18 piayOQJJQ l troit Freo Pross. ,",. 