BURNING OF THE GARDEN PALACE, SYDNEY (From the Argus Correspondent.) SYDNEY, Friday. TrE .Garden Palace was totally destroyed by fire early this inoini6g. Shortly before 6 o'clock an alarm of fire reached the ears of the residents in Macquarie-street and the neigh bourhood. A momentary glance at the Garden Palace justified the alarm, and it was at once evident' that a conflagration of no common proportions was imminent.. Huge streams of smoke were issuing from the sum mit. The dome itself rapidly assumed a fiery' hue. It seemed to be but the work of a few moments, when, with a terrific crash, the dome gave way, the heavier portions descend ing, while the coating of zinc-work was sent flying far and wide into the'air., Flames of terrific proportions .burst forth, and so great was the sudden outburst of pent-up fire, that, to look up at: it from 'the corner. of Hunt street was impossible on account of the in tense heat experienced, even at that distance. Foitunately the north-westbrly wind wafted the fire in the direction oppqsite to the build ings in the neighboui ooI." Had it been otherwise, no human efforbcould have. saved the terrace of houses in Macquarie-place and the Treasury buildings. The skeleton of the timberwork adjacent to the dome, which was now fully ablaze, appeared like a magnificent firework design. Presently it gave way with a crash, as in a short time did a portion of the walls at the western entrance. So fearfully suddenly did the full force of the conflagration burst forth, that the spectators, if placed in a good position beforehand, would scarcely have had time einough to contemplate the fire. From the outset the loud roar of the flames was something terrible, and could be heard a long- distance off.. The south tower and walls fell with a detonating crash resembling the report of heavy ordnance. Many speculations were indulged in as to the cause of the conflagration, and there appeared. to be a unanimous opinion that it was the act of an incendiary. Since the close of the great Exhibition' portions of the building have been used as offices, for Government departments, societies, &c.; In the Government depart meats were stored valuable plans papers, and statistical records. . Attached to the Mines and Geological department was a museum of minerals and various specimens of great value, the collection being supposed to be the finest in the Australian 'colonies.' The Techno logical Museum was a collection only recently formed, but was cofisidered very'complete, and it 'was contemplated to throw it open for public inspection in the course of about six weeks. In the Mines department, secure in a safe, which, it is hoped; has been preserved beneath the debisi, -was` a collection of diamonds, gold specimens, and many costly stones, estimated to be worth from £30,000 to £50,000,. being the most. intrinsically valuable of all.the collectibonin the.building.. The draughtsmen in the Survey department were engaged upon-a map, the value of which,. when completed would have- been about £1,000.. It is probable .that the recent census of the colony will have to be. taken again, as all the returns and papers belonging to that department' have been destroyed. The papers believed to be destroyed represen ted the thirteen 'niotlis'rwork of thirty men, and the abstract of the greater portion of this work had. beii pi-epli6d, and. were to have been sent' to the Government printer on Saturday.net.-. There were five or six safes * in the whole building, each containing valu ables worth thousanus.of.pounds.' The build ing was not insured, as the premiums required for the risk ofprotecting a structure composed so largely of timber would have been ves$l great, and the Government did not provide for the annual expense which these payments would have involved. As far as can be learned little of the property within the building, was insured, and it is somewhat remarkable that the insurance companies have escaped almost free of loss from one of the most disastrous fires which ever occurred in Australia. Another serious loss is that of the pictures belonging to the Art Society of New -South Wales. This society was to hold an exhibition in the Garden Palace on the 2nd October, and over, 350. pictures were for warded to the building for this purpose. The erection of this building cost £190,000, and the total loss is estimated at £300,000. A large number of very valuable documents connected with the railway surveys were des troyed, and their- destruction will make a re-survey of several hundred miles of country necessary, and will delay some of the most important railway extensions in the colony. An opinion now prevails that the fire was caused 'by an explosion of gas. It is believed to have been the practice to allow a few lights to remain burning all night, so that the watchman might see that no one was about the building, and'it is thought that an escape of gas occurred, that .the gas was ignited by one of the lights, and that this set fire to the interior of the building. This view as to the origin of the fire is supported by the fact that two watchmen and other persons heard a sound of explosion just as the fire was discovered. By this fire the people'of Sydney have lost an edifice whose large dimensions and com manding position made it the most con spicious as well as one of the most interesting objects coming under the observation of the traveller on entering Port Jackson. It was built for the International Exhibi tion held in Sydney three years ago. An area 5- acres in extent was covered by the I palace. The four entrance towers were of brick, so also were the supports of the dome, but wood and iron were used for the walls, floor and roof. ,. It was not meant when erected to be a permanent building, otherwise, possibly more enduring and less inflammable materials would have entered into its com position. A 'colossal edifice of pine in the centre of a busy city could not be expected to have a long existence, and it has only lasted three years and five days. The entire build ing cost £192,000. 'It contained 4,500,000' super feet of timber, 2,500,000 bricks, and 243 tons of iron. AnAmerican correspondentsends us (Chris tian World) newspapers containing full re-: ports of -the Garden'Party to Mrs. Beecher Stowe, in honour of her. 70th:birthday. Our correspondent state's thiat Dr. Wendell Hol mes'. verses were thought to. be the most apt.. of all the poetic tributes to the lady of seventy years. He begins by enumerating the various tongues into which " Uncle Tom's Cabin" was translated, and the reason of the power which the story, exercised, and closes thus : All through.the conflict, up and down Morched Uncle Tom and Old John Brown, One ghost, one form ideal. And which was false and which was true,. And which was mightier of the two. The wisest sibyl hever knew, 'For both alike were real. Sister, the holy maid does well Who counts her beads in convent cell, Where pale devotion lingers; But she who-serves the sufferer's neds. - Whose prayers are spelt in loving deeds, : MIay trust the Lord will count her beada. As well as human fingers. When Truth herself was Slavery's slave Th3 hand the prisoned suppliant gave The rainbow wings of fiction, 5 And Truth who soared descends to-day . Bearing an angel's wreath away, Its lilies at thy feet to lay With heaven's own benediction. S. A O0END AwnD A- COniroslTr.-H. P.. Hubbard's International Newspaper Adver tising Agency, of New Haven, Conn., is at. Sonce a compend and a curiosity. The press b of the civilized world .is all filed away within f its spacious limits, and the proprietor can at b any moment touch the spring that.spreads it , out before the sight of an inquiring visitor?-. \- In no establishment we ever visited have we \- seen the department system so thoroughly . organized and in such noiseless and thorough I operation. The proprietor signals an assist Sant, and the minutest detail respecting any Spublication of any country is. returned at his: I call. He dictates a letter, and an assistant I records it phonograpliically and -instanta Sneously. The entire establishment is built , up and administered on precisely this basis. SNothing of the kind exists elsewhere in the b United States. Comprehensive, yet minute, L it covers all wants of advertisers and omita . nothing. Its business is transacted as by Smagic. M-r. Hubbard is an experienced , newspaper man, and therefore has nothing on 1 that score to,learn. And, best of all, he per Sforms all that he promises. 'He deals fairly f and enjoys a high reputation. He sees to ift I that every news with which he undertakes to Smake a contract for an individual executes it u exactly, and'any omission or incorrect insert . ions of advertisements are made up for. SHonesty and fatithfulness are the watchwords L of this reliable, establishment, Which is an b honour to its class, to New England and to Sthe country.. It toolk a cleair head to conceive' 1 the plan, and it takes an enterprising spirit , to administer it successfully.-Malassacastkas: \- . 'lougktm an . - - ,-. - ' *;' * . .., . -.: .': :... 