THE TANTALUS BOUND TABLE, BRISBANE SCHOOL. OF ABTS. No. XI. 3SIy library was dukedom large enongrh.— Shatespcar Tho loading library brings tho good man's life, the traveller's danger, or the martyr's victory, to the winter hearth and the garden seat in slimmer.— B. A. JKflmott. , literature is a -garden, boots are particular, views of it, and readers are visitors. Much of their plea sure depends oil their guides,— E. A. H'ilmott. Amoxo the new books, which, since my. last, have been placed on the T. JR. T. none has a more striking appearance, and, I think I mar say, none u more interesting interior than ' Uoloufll Gordon in Central Africa, 1874— 1870,' edited by George Birkbeek Hill.D.C.Ii, a nephew, and tho author of a life, of Sir 'Penny Postage' Hill. It will be within the knowledge of some of my readers that the Khedive of EgypS, who has in these later years come to count as a purt of his kingdom that purt of north-eastern and central Africa which stretches south to. Lake Victoria, west to 22 degrees, and cast to the Red 3 a, desiring to benefit his fav-away subjects with an approach to civilised government, and, perhaps, desiring likewise to put a stop to tbo slavery and slave trade cf Central Africa, secured the services of the famous Sir Samuel Baher, appointing him Governor of the tribes which inhabit thn Nile basin. In 1S73 Sir- Samuel' u gubernatorial term camo to an end, and, after sundry nego tiations, Colonel Ohatlta George Gordon wall appointed his successor. It is the story of Colonel Gordon's life ss Governor-General of the Soudan which this book gives ua. Very fitly, the editor give? ua about uixteen pages concerning Gordon's previous career. Ho was the sou of a soldier, and, as a soldier, he had dono honourable service in the Crimea, in Bou menia and Armenia, in China (where, com manding the Imperial forces, ho quickly de feated the Ta-piug rebels, and inspired the Chinese with uuinni;edconridencein hiapoweia), on the Kanubo aa member of tho Commission, and at home on. the Thames Defences. Thia record of his life and work in Central Africa in of such a character that the reader's interest has no chunce of flagging. It is tha retiord of a grand man's 'grand work : work done right in the tseth of enormous difficulties and oppo sition, which would have overwhelmed a woabcr man. Gordon is a man of large philanthropy, a man of wide religious principles, and a man of irrepressible go. In glancing through the volume I havo marked many passages whioh to me appear illustrative of these and other traits of oharaoter ; but to give them in full woulJ lead to the exclusion of thia paper fiom The Telegraph ! A man of push himself, ho couldn't abear a lttggard. ' ? is a regular failare. He is bo feeble, he can do nothing at all. He- lives on what he has done, and of course ttat does not help what has to be dono now. . ? ? There is a set of-officers I hato, ?viz., Captains ' I-toId.him-to.do.it,' ' Iam going-to-do-it,' ' I-thoupht-you-wero-n-ninfi-. to- do-it,' and a host of others of the same class' (p. 13). I think I was most charmed by what may be called his cogitations, obiefly on ra ligiouB and moral matters. In a country far from the influences of civilisation, and with, for the most part, no other white man with whom to ohat, he is cast in upon himself (how well do I know what Biush a position moano). He thinks some serious mattera out, and com mits to paper iu hia letters home some of tho conclusions he reaohes. Theue, although perhaps a bit sharp-cornered ? now and then, ate well worth reading. For instanoe: 'There would be nu.one so unweloomB to come and reside in this world as our Saviour while the world is in the state it now is. Ho would be dead against nearly all our pursuits, and be altogether outre.':' (Some of my readers may bnow how well this idea is worked out in a olever little book by B. Lynu Linton —'The True HiBtory of Joshua Davidson'), Colonel Gordon ia rather heavy on money worship : ' As one lives one Bees how men will yearn oftor money ! Their ideas of robbery are Tory odd. A man who steals direotly, they aoorn ; but they will do what virtually cornea to the same thing without the slightest compuno tion. I think, after forty, one sees these things more clearly. I declare I think wo ure all more or lesB rogues and swindlers, and that when wo aro weighed, there will be little diSeronce botwoen any of us. And yet, how full we aro of high- sounding phrasoii, und how roady to pronounce] udgment.' — p. 69. Havo any of my readers read n novel called ' The Madman of St. JameB?' If they have, they will remember the bibulous o'd doctor, who would have it that all men— and, I snpposo, he meant to includo womon— are mad. Others havo said the same, but tho old dootor haa a better aty'le of patting tho thing than anyone I know of. Ot oivilisation he eaya:— 'The Tarnish of civilised life is very thin, and only superfinittl,' &o.; The King ot Abyssinia is nota desirable ruler, and it is very probable that to baooo manufacturers do not make fortunes rapidly in his dominion* : ' H« cuts off the noses of those who take snuff, and the lip* of those who smoke; he outs of! the feet and hands of people who offend him, and dostioys th-ir eyes by pouring hot tallow into thoir oars.' At the end of 1879 Gordon returned to Kngland, ii. tending to rest; but ultnost imme diately, in a moment of wtuknosB, ho took the appointment of Privnto Hocrotary to Lord Ripon, tho now Governor- Gunoral of India. I hij, howevur, lie resigned as soon as ho mach^d Bombay. Next day ha recoivod an invitation to «o to China, to hhlp the Chinese Government out oi the danger of an imminont war with Busm. And to China he went ; stayed a shirt time, and in that short time persuaded the Chinese Govern ment to adopt a policy of peace. A simple, earnest, selfxteuying man, by his exer tions, averted tha huge national calamity of n Kusso. Chinese war, thereby saving tho British nation from a probable loss of » hundred mil lions sterling, for which, by the way, ho hs« received no thauks from the 1'arliamcmt, Lon don City, nor Chambers of Commerce 1 Men who have dono vastly lens th.-iu 'Chinese' Gordon have had thinks piled upon thuin. Gordon is one 'of those men, raro enough, who cure not for human applause, nud to ?uj!i men ths world ia too often stingy of its praiso. A Htoical, benevolent, aomHwhut humorou*, really practical, uiiuii- tukeably enorgotio, heroic, manly man, one feels in reading this book that — Ourconnlry hntli no need to raiso Tlio ghosts of heroes gone. 1'or horoos living in our days Still hand the lire torch on. r do not like soldiery, but I plead guilty to a very high admiration of a man with such grit as Gordon has it: him. Here is a small volume which will interest a small number of readers. ' Tho Diamonds, Coal, and Gold of lndin, their mode of occur renca und distribution,' by V. Ball. Mr. Bull, in these 130 pages, gives u large amount of in formation on the three topic. Tho geology, tha origin, and the geographical distribution of the diamond ; the xcethoda ami prospects of diamond mining in India by Kuropouns. Of coal — the distribution, characteristics, and out turn. Of gold he treats on somewhat tho samo lines. To English men and Kngliah women, ' Eng land, without and within,' by Richard Grant White, should prove an attractive book. Mr. White U an American, connected, I believe, with the Atlantic Monthly, and most of the obapterB in bis work had previously appeared in that magazine. Some, say ten, years nines, H. Taine, a faicouj frenchman, on whom tbe University of Oxford conferred the degree oJ Doctor of Civil Law (at the same timu as tbo dame honour w»» conferred on the learned Dr. Db'llinger), published in the Paris Tempt & series of papers entitled ' Notes on England.' These papers were collected in a volume to whioh was given the same title. That volume now lies before me, in comi-.any with Mr. White's book. Here, then, are two books on .England and the English. They who have read Taine will naturally read White: and my advice to those who have not read Taine — is read both sow : the results of a Frenchman and an American looking at, and writing about, the sumo subject from u different, but in eaoh case characteristic, standpoint. I have just taken the trouble to puralleliae the topics dealt with, and find that in only a few particulars do both treat of the same. This is an advantage, for the result is, one book is the complement ot the other. The man who would survey Brisbane from River Terrace only, or from Bowen Hills alone, would in either case fail to attain a complete and fair conoeption of the charactar of our city : from each standpoint the aapeofc is good, but e-ich affords only an incomplete prospeot. Unite the two and your picture is more truthful. So here, the philosophic Frenchman and tho common-sense American look at us, think and write about us, each from his own characteristic standpoint, and by combining the two productions we have a picture worth looking at, and a good deal to set u* a-tbiaking. Dealing only with White — his chapter on II Some habits of English Life,' is good ; my eye now catches thesa words — ' The distinction between person's who are in trade and those who are not, ia insisted upon with constant vigilance'— and my mind reverts to a country lane in the heart of England, where a boarding school Miss accidentally sbook hands with the daughter of a tradesman, who (the daughter) was at the time. engaged to be married to the brother of the lady who oonduoted the school. I believe the discovery of the unholy contact led to a copious tour-shedding on Miss's purt, and to a terribly pained Btate of feeling for so.ne time. A capital chapter is ch. xvii., ' English in. England,' opening with these words: 'The worst English that I have ever heard spokeu I heard in England. There, however, I also heard the best that could be spoken.' In this chapter aro Borne capital remarks on tho ill treatment which tho letter ' h' receives from many English. ' ' H' in speech is an ui'mistakeRble mark of class diB .tiuotiou in England.' An English gentleman uuid : ' It's the greatost blessing in the world ; a sure protection agsinst cads. You meet a fellow who ib welt dressed, and behaves himself decently enough, and yet you don't know esuotly wint to make of him ; but get him talkiug, and if he trips upou hia 'h'a' that settles tho question.' 1 am gratified to find Jtr. White speaks well of Stornmonth's Dic tionary — ' the most convenient and trustworthy handbook of English speech that I have found.' I havi: been usked £CJru3 of times for advioo as to ths puroboeo of a good dictionary ; and Eince Stornmonth's was issued, a few years baok, my answer has been unvarying, und it is the same to you, reader: If you want a good English dictionary, get Stornmonth's. I throw this advice iu, charging nothing for it ; although, between onnelves, I think Blackwood and Co. should send me a cheque lor the puff. Sir. White speaks well of tho habitual courtesy in speech of the English. ' It aeomed to me that ' Thank you ' must be heard a thousand times a day in England for once that it is heard in America. I was thanked for wy cab toll every time I crossed Waterloo Bridge.' Tho chaptor on English women will be interesting to ladies. The last paragraph is, 'To make an end of this embarrassing discussion, it may be said, but not confidently, that on the whole women are more beautiful in 'America' [t can't under stand why, whenever Mr. White writes either America or American, ho places the word within inverted commas], but more lovable in Bnglund. That in ' America' they are better Urcsaed, but in England better housekeepers and companions. There aro lovable women here as there, and bb beautiful women there bb here; but the preponderance of numbers is probably as it is above set forth. Perhaps, ere long, time will bless the man of both countries by making the balance perfect.' I don't see how either can complain at that summing-up ; but graoions ! it is never safe to mike calcula tions tin to bow a woman will look at a matter. To all who call the old land ' Home,' I can promise an ' enjoyable treat in the reading of this ' England, without and within ; ' at the same time all, whencesoevor they may hail, may 'find in this book a great deal of excellent pabulum, oalculutedto widen their views and elevate their ideaa. Anywho desire to know irore of Mr. R. G. White, and his literary qualifications and worth, may find an agreeable article in the Atlantic Monthly for February. ' Pre-hiBtorio Europe: A Geological Skotoh,'' by Jamea Geikio, a bulky 8vo. of neur COO pp., and having' illustrative maps and engravings ; 'Journal ,of a tour in Morocco and the Grout Atlas,' by J. Dalton Hooker and J. Ball ; aud ' Rambles of a Naturalist iu Ejjypt and other countries,' by J. H. Ourney (the ' other counttios ' being Ku?sia, Algeria, Sahara, and Italy), will interest — the first, tho geologist; the socond, the botuuUt; the third, tho oral, tholbguc. Of J. H. Gurney lean fny nothing, but the names of Geikii) and Hooker «nd Bull will suffioiontly indicate tho diameter of tho books for which they are responsible. ' Our Holiday ia the East,' ia the record of a three months' travol to uud in Paleatino, by Mrs, George Suinner, a clergyman's wife. Her huaband edits tho volumo. On tho way oat, tho party visited tbe pyramids, tho Bphinxos, Cairo, and Ismalia ; on the way home, Cyprus, Smyrna, Constantinople, &o.; Thia volume is of the second edition, so the work most have proved attractive to a largo number of leaders. Personally, I have read as muoh of the Hoi; Lund na will satisfy m» for the term of my natural life, and perhaps beyond ; but there aro many who havo done loss in that line, and will gather pleasure in the perusal of Mrs. Sumnor's volume. In tho seventh paper of this Tantalus aeries, I, in dr.aling with two of Mr, Bonwiok's works tbeu reoently presented to the institu tion, said ' ' Pyramid Faots and Fancies' is tho only production of his pen now n-wunting.'' Hero now is the book, and I find it fully sus tains Mr. Bonwiok's. reputation, as of ono capable of cramming a lot of iufotmation into a small spaco. The Pyramids ! Mr. Gliddon, a famotn American Egyptologist and ethnolo gist, joint author with Mr. Nott of a famous work — 'Typos of Mankind' — aafcs, 'What monuments on earth have given rise to moro fables, speculations, orrors, aud misconcep tions?' Surely Mr. Bonwick has succeeded in focusing the pith of all that men, wiso and otherwise — chiefly othewioe— have dreamed, thought, said, and written, about tho pyramids. Soina of my readers kuow well that the man who has made the Great Pyramid to moun moat ia the famous Scotch (of all peopled in the world) Professor — Piuzzi Smyth. It is with him as thoroughly God-inspired as is the Bible. With him, and his school, this big stone structure is ' of Diviuo origin and purpose.' To give a bare liat of the various inattorH typified und taught by it, according to the Scotch profes Bor'a interpretation — an interpretation which, by the way, finds acoeptauou in Brisbane— would ocoupy too muoh Rpaoe. Mr. Bonwick gives a full, true, aud particular account of these fan cies undor tho main headings of— Why was it built f Its Astronomical Teaching ; Its Religious Teaching ; and Ita Hciomiue and Mystic Teaching. I have an idea that the perusal of thosu will oanse hugs astonishment to simple foiks, such as myself. Theorising run stark mad. Fancies ultra fanciful. I think the verdict will bu near that. May we not hops that some future explorer— some Piazzi-tr Smyth, or Smyth Piazzi- est— will find wider teaohiug in these grand old monuments ? Slay we not naturally hopo to find therein pre figured the grand, though simple, architectural design of our own Supreme Court Buildings ; tho peal-of bells scaffolding of St. John's Cathedral Church ; the peculiar latticing of Victoria Bridge, and the functions of Pat who sweeps the bridge ; the special gradient of Creek-atraet, and of the Boiuhern and West ern Railway when climbing the hange to Toowoomba ; the precise route of the Trans continental Railway ; tho duration of the M'llwraithcHm-Perkins-cum.SlacroaBan and Co. dynasty ; and — where can we atop ? By what horizon shall our. hop a be bounded f Sntre nout, gifted reader. This practice of regarding certain things as types of certain other things is a dangerons practice, and is very liable to lead even men of Bonse astray. Years ago, when I had less nen?o than I have now (I flatter myself), I preached ser mons on Types, and really I made out some wonderful prefigurings from some very simple things. I could not do it now iu the same way. The evil arises from the assumption at the outset, that the type ia there ; this done, identifications and the rest, troop in like mad. Take the clock tower, for example, of the De partment of Lands Offices ; aBSume that tower to be an inspiration in brick, and ynu may find to your astonishment what marvellous astro nomical and other teaching the old tame looking tower hides in itself. Oi, take this old pair of boots of mine, assume them to be a double inepira. tion in leather, and lo 1 the patch on each, the tabs, the heel, the too-bits, the elastic-sides, all bare a voice tc tbe fool who solooks and listens My opinion of the Pyramids is— they are pyra mids and nothing more, Professor Smyth not withstanding. A very sapient opinion, says one. Be it so, it is enough for me. VEiaONrWAi. April 4. 