i 'Cast thy luo.id upon tho waters,' btc. Moio than two yeius .igo, Mr. Humphery .came to this ok'ctoiuto and published his political wood Ho tamo tinder great disnd f ' vauUges, — unknown to tho people, bntfovtu '( ,nately unacquainted with tho stock phrases , of political dap-tnip which are over on* tho lips of selt-seekeia and paity schemers. His name and his intentions wore shmdei-ed in tho vilest manner by rieisons not livincr in this distiict ; but by a poison who has not dared to show hit- tuco before his constitu \- 'ency — becoming a political failure. By nalunmj', and by di\ ortinp: attention to , fictitious* anrl p.uly issues, Sir. Hnmphory ? , was dcCoated, not on .tho merits . of his opinions, but upon issues which had no real i existence Ills voids, however, sank into tho hpsuts ot tho electois, and bppan to pro WUUD JCJllliO 1/UIUIU IU/, 1U1U 113111 IOOU WJI1UII assumed a piarticiil sli.ipo at tho bnllol-box 'last Thuisdaj Ho came, as wo have obsoived, m 1S80 with a definite political programme , .'id ho camo not - to trim his sails tn tho passing brec/o With a porcop tiou uoithy oi .1 hoary statesman, ho siuv . tho lines upon which thn coming stvuggloon tho land question would bo wnged ; he. saw tho issups that must corno boforo tho electors ns to tho custody nnd snlo of tho common landed mlieiiteiifo: and two yoars before any otio else had formulated 'a land policy having for its aim tho settlement of class dis putes and distinction under our land law, ho pronounced a definite opinion as to wha ho deemed would be the most equitable moans for settling the land question to tho advantage of tho squatter, the free-selector, and tho State, which represents the great mass of tho people, and whose laws for ill or well controls the destinies of future ?generations. The land question has .now been brought, directly before tho electors, and every politician while condemning the obsolete merits of the Eobertson Land Act, liave in most cases propounded a remedy or signified their intention to adhere to the schemes ovolved by the two most capable men on the Opposition or independent sido of the Houso — Messrs. Garrett and Stuart. Some of the candidates have, as did Mr. Eoseby, coutontod themselves with denounc ing every scheme brought before the country. V/ ,- To tho cry of the freo-selector and of the A / squatter they are nlike practically deaf, for * 4-. / they propose to take away the entity we u/X have without telling us what remedial mea )f / ir »? sures or original schemes they will bring to / our assistance in the crisis which is now com ff-ir ing up bof ore us. 'VVe ask them for bread, / » , but they give us neither bread nor a stone. |; Against these the constituencies have set ^ , their faces; set their faces, too, againstgentle '*' men who have in tho capacity of treasury agents served them faithfully. But Mr. Humphery was not one of those. He was in the proud position of being ablo to say on tho hubtinsjs lastThursday, 'Rogardingtheissue now bofore the country, I have nothing to say in addition to what I laid before you tuo years ago.' Few candidates gave their opinions so definitely as did Mr. Humphery on tho ocension of his first appearance in this electorate, and it speaks greatly to his credit as a thinker that lie was enabled to arrive at conclusions which, after such a lapse of time, were found to be so much in .harmony with the scheme which the most , . _ practical politicians affirm is the one upon i * the lines of which the future land policy of 'the country will be drawn. 'It is not in mortals to command success, but what is better, Semproius, we'll deserve it.' Mr. Humphory, doubtless, will be able .to pro nounce an emphatic opinion in Parliament as to what should be the land policy of the country, though he may not bo in the posi ? tion of a minister who can carry his views into effect ; and in this he will be backed up by t K' 'the vopini6u of a very large country con li'&tituency; which has no small stake iiri the settlement of the land question ; for all bur surplus population must find their, homes in ' \ those parts of the colony to which future; ? i 1 land legislation will chiefly apply.. :'-./?,': ' '- '' ' ' Mr. jjosebv states that he has accented tho. verdict of the constituency as riot being.a j, ;,;defeat. 'Well,- perhaps, it was not so much a defeat for Mr. Eoseby for what \ he left 'TO undone, as that he. did too much in some particular directions. His interference, as . ... he himsolf: stated here in May last, was i rather invidious; taken in any light what ' ,,' , revpr, as was also the cancelling of Coolan 1 gatta as a polling plnco, which act was ,, directH due to his interferenco without con ' suiting the Eeturning-Oflicer of the district, — and to some extent these acts, politically, ' and for the safety of his own candidature, wore highly injudicious. No doubt, Mr. Eoseby was very active in getting grants for eyeiy part of the district. This we freely admit, and we grant that his assertion that in no previous five years' history of this ? dibtuct w as there so much spent as there has \- been dining the five years he represented it. But are w e to balance these sordid considera tions ngainst our own political convictions? Mi Eoseby said he served us faithfully, and that he challenged his enemies to rjoin out his faults. We grant that he did serve the constituency to the best of his ability; but we deny that his defeat was altogether due to personal antipathy, as he attributed. Wo giant that with others he worked to the best of his ability for tho supremacy of tho pimciplos of the present Public Instruction , Act, and that he has ever been an indus trious and persevering temperance advocate ; but whon we place against these and other personal and sooial merits to which Mr. Eosoby is entitled, the dangerous principles of Protection which ho fosters, and the blank he presented us for aland programme, we are bound to say that our verdict was against him on these considerations, alto gether apart from those of his personal character. 'The electorate is, however, to be congratu lated upon the calm manner in. which the ' electors arrived at their verdict ; and in this sense, taken with the fact that tho successful candidate's programme was before them for two years, there is every reason to believe that their 'decision will be satisfactory and abiding. Tue Kianin oloction is ovor, and tho rosult has been a very emphatic endorsement of Dr. Tarrant's (?induct in Parliament, and especially of his votu in tho division takon upon tho Govornmont Laud Bill. Tho con test, as wo witnessed it, and us described by old rosidents of tl'mt district, was ono of tho must oxoitiug, if not, tho most nlnsoibing, event tliat has takon placo in that 'ghobtlj ' foivn siniiH t.linPriniiioi. u 1U1 Ins MMUll lucilltv for political nouromaui - , 'nusod' tho colobratod Kiiimii Ghost Noi w is tho excitement confined to one side, noi to u particular set of men It may bo said to liavo been gonoral. The suppoiteis of Di Tarrant had their indignation aioiibodto tho highest pitch on tho ono hand by tho tiuel lying and slandering which tho Piomioi was reported to huvo uttciod, as quoted bolow, at a meoting hold last Satuulaj night at Sliolllm^Kniii. frt cnmiovf flin OillirltrlllMll'n nf Mr. John l)avies, and on the othoi hand they folt humiliated by seeing a few well meaning but misinformed and mibguided elcctois led by a number of siniplotous and fanatics into disgracing the erstwhile honouiablo and fastidious constituency ot Kiainn, by giving a considerable numboi of votes to a man in comparably inferior to Di. Tan ant m overy characteristic of a politician TlioPioimoi's slaudor was as follows — ' Sir ITenry Uirkai siml Unit Di rnmint nml tlioso who \\-Aa\ with him were took in tho hiunls of tho puMlciuw , that Ou tho other sido, the spell of absumeil bo» liumie, of hand shaking and smiling, or falsehood and misiepieseut iug, had wo.ked Mi Davios' iiiends into a state of infatuation and enchantment, which in ado them quite excited and uni rationing It was by no means a sectanan contest Many who call thumsohes Oiangemon did vote and work hard foi Mi Davios , but it is notorious that tho oldost, tho most in fluential (socially and moially spoaking), Orangemen wero found opposing Mi . Da\ les, and challenged, him to the pioot as to any substantial testimony of 'character or recom mendation from the Sydney membois ot that organisation wherein he was once so popular It was this fact ; that Mr. Da vies had boon hurled ont of p.ivin nnrl Tinlif.innl life in llis own native city, by his own family as it wero, and whore those who rejected him. had best possible opportunities of observing his social, his moral, and his political character, which rnado Mr. Davios candi dature an insult to the intelligence of tho electors of ICiama, and which made the Premier's conduct as an apologist ±01 Mi Davies contemptible to the last degree Eeadersof the current nowspapei pi ess must be tolerably familial with tho natuie of tho chargos which have been at Mr. Davios' door for some months. Whatever may bo our opinion as to Mr. Davies' private character or probity in political or civil life, it is only for us. to state why we considoicd his candidature, on his own showing, an insult to the electors of Kiama Mi Davios was charged with having misapplied a cei rain sum 01 money, winch lie saul: he, had paid iu' making a pipbeut of a hat to the captain of the s.s Coonnnbana, because that officer's shipon neis had lent Mi Mayoi Harris the , Coonanbaiia fico of chaige This bit of intelligence w as dragged out of Mr. Harris. against his will in his capacity as Mayor of Sydney Statements made in side of the Town Hall aio not pnvileced as are those in Parliament , henco Mi Davies states that he has; taken legal pioceodings to vindicate his charactei, and in the mean time, throughthe Piess of the city ho asked the public to suspend then judgment on his character in th'is.paiticulai mattei until his trial shall have been ovei No doubt honost and unbiassedpublic opinion would havebeen quite satisfied to do so, and besidos to have left Mr. Davies tho Pailiamenlaiy and civic honours he was possessed of until ho should lose them by efiluxion ot time Then it would have been Mr. Davies' duty as an honour able, man to have maintained the conditions as to suspending judgmont on his character which he imposed upon the public until ho should have been able to lay bofoio them his character from tho Supreme Court. This, however, he did not do, and as he was him self the first to ignore, by seoking reelec tion, the principles essontial to tho conditions ho imposed, he must not complain if the verdict of two Parhamentaiy and one civic constituenc}', as well as the veidict of one of the ' most .? '-'powoiful leliftious and political' organisations 111 winch ho was once s6'; popular, has been dead against him. Mr. ^Davies' phaiacter was, and is, resting:, under an imputation of corruption; arid while under this, his candi dature soemstousto have been an outmgo upon the common souse of the electois of Kiama, and ;his -suppoit on th&fjpait; of the Premiei^-r-who ovei boasts of Ips love of English , precedent,' to be in utfei viola tion of every principle of political 01 socialpurity/arid to be m opposition to tho genius and the traditions of public and pi lva to life in the mother country. Wo do not for a moment . discuss tho piobabihty of their being any truth in tho chttiges against Mi. Davies. We discuss not the attitude of the Sydney Press and oi hisownfueiidstowaids him, as evidence foi 01 ngainst his case , but we do saj' that public opinion is 1 lght 111 demanding that a candidate shall clear his character before he socks the suft'iagos of the people. As we have said above, the] fact that Mr. Davies got so many votes among UUt JlUtlillUlJUlQ, \\\ (-??! W.UU Utl lillVJ llHil) V,l-llLlf there are always a nuinboi of simpletons 111 an electorate ; thattheio aio a number of fanatics, owned by no oiganisation, who use these simpletons foi then ow 11 purposes , and that there are a numbei of good, hon estly intentioned nion who have no timn to rend current history, and tako facts sei oad hand. Then there aie otheis who will bo prejudiced by what they deem to be tho improper cqndubt of tho suppoitois^f one candidate. Soriie of these weio on Mi Davies' side also, bocause tho licensed victuallers wore lopeating the chaiges which were made against Mi Davies, and opposing his candidatuie , but thoso gentle men who have such 'moial' objection, should remember that the devil is re ported to have once told the truth. ; MO ID^tllU UL. JLUlllLtllj M fUbUlIl ll» HIglUll triumph for right principles, and an unim peachable public and private character, under circumstancesof peculiar disadvantage, in that many holding respectable, and what had hitherto at least boen influential posi tions, were by Sir H. Parkes; — who has more than once figured as a sower of discord — led away by false issues and untruthful state ments. A. and H. Association.— It is notified in out advertising columns that the quarterly mooting of the above socioty will be hold to-morrow at Torrara. 