A Story of thepast anrd pro sont .of ordi - nary mon and ordinary taiags ;oin ordi nary langunago, BY; DONALD 'CAMERON; . n ATnHon or "IN THE COLDS 0 One c1u 0?,e-T" - ' OILVaSaWOYtt DEaD 0 00 t " lie sir6 thSin mai afind tlao ot tl It is a beutifulolli . 'i b fThat eer round our fibad Are hovering, oni angl"vings; o, I Tlio'splritlof tlea dncd. T CHAPTfiIE LXIV: -(Co'orov i ).,n n ' lie know that under ainy cireiromitaiiiios he could not live an hour. Tlih drain had been too great. He remembered, too; the calcula- r tions he had made when he contrived.,thi hellish plot to.iiamure Jack alive in, tlhat very o mine, ilow long a man could ibreathoe ina t level when it was scaldd up. There was a;, certain quantity of lifoegiving oxygon: in .a ye given space; wheon that was olxhausted .-tihe man must die a horriblo heatli.. And wVhen .at his mind lhad calmed down.a little, he could hI perceive that the air wnas already thick, .ndi If impregnated .withl chrboniac acida .ga, It h seemed to gide no life. 0, for ono breath of the pure and glorious element whlifh ho-had o breathed such a, shorit; tiio since. Ho, ro. r. membered now holi keen and bracing it was; how it aadmed to infuse fresh life and energy, into the organisation.i. As rman in a dreary, desert of sand.pants for tho running brook, so did this wretched boing long for one breath n of the air of heavone- toa nir, tl?ht blow-over ha thLogreenfields. But it caiao not; in its place t were thoseo!blasts. of holl,I:'that,only- dis- , tressed andsuffocated. ,*,r , ., C Ordinary beings ? ould, when placodd in snlch a poaitidn, .hlavo triedto repent for theo c misdeeds of, thair life,o and prepare for. tho great change:. But, Obadiah scoined those c feelings. , W{hen ho comprehandhddthat there wos no'pros'let ?of escape-tlant 'dmeath",woos inositable--his s6oul brc-mo tilled with onoor desire-to be revenged on ,Sniggleo nickers. He endured tholtorments of perdlitioivi wlen he thought of thc.'inannor in lliiolh this, mn n could escape linishmeiint how heo could hold , the shlares and bdcdmo weolthior than over lie was. Tho siainahbsolutely~ g hslad:lis teethl 1 when hle tlhoglit of ,tho trumplh ofJackl, thea security of liector.. Hell Itself .ould.not have such torm.onto:inl stno ooas this...Tlaheo bodily pain hI suffered was a ;a ropiin,tho oeean to this mental agony-a and unnanturaal But Obadiala wos fortilo injexpedionts .lie bethoughlt ln that helhnd i halspockct some tablets, which lh had..brought nvith him to take notes of thb work down in thlo mino, and he. had, tdo, a, bo of mastches used to light his cigars. Trying.his l eaads he found that the .riglit was not so inaijad butthat lh 1 could move th'wrist about a little. ,e Hollrstr felt for theb niatches, and nfter gret 'trouble, for lhc was becoming voryweak,hle lit oneo, Whaot a tlrill of pleasaro floshcd througla lias frame wheli tihe match diffused its weak radi ance.. He tlhen saw that he miust have been hurled along by~ytlaio explosion into, the very Send where Snick-ers aad -he hal; baeln ox aniningtlio reof.., All around thoo:vidancesc of tha torriblo convuloioan were strown, and a gloncd sullced. to shol' hiaa that days anast \- elapse before 'tho miners could reach him. \- There was no crosscut such, as had saved Jack'slife, `Bait lae loon saw that rapidly as ha wans sinking, exhaustion wouald not hbe tila cause o his doeatlh. Tim hugo blocks of -stobno.'had completedy blocked up the level, and the water'rvas rising rapidly. He could not move; so the fatal stream would soon rise around him. - It was already up to his knaas, althoughll hle' and-notfelt it. isac6ward heart was again'dismayed at this, aihd he Swould have relapsed into a state of helpless terror wore it not that lea was nerved by theo terriblo desiro to awrak vengeaone ':upon his, murderer. Setting tila box of mnteheson fire lho laIld down uils tablets on a piece of rook and began to writo disjointly and:paiifally. But ad he wrotto onadosribingtlho: whlolo of th occurrence, his faco lit up with a fiondisli glow that made it appear awful in -the fltful glare of tile burning; antches, wichlol served only to show the hideous gloom'of the vault. Even in that nmomnt4 as he wrote with groat dreops of agony upon lis brow for tlamswork of writing pained him terribly, notlhing but his devilish will could have fodrced the maimed hand to writeo; h saw the tableau of his revenge, his livid corpse confronting the mur derer, tle magistrate reading tie tablets, tihe arwret, the condemned cell, the drop, and ogltlo Snikeors langing between henvenoawl eth a I..is ve.geanc f.tll and nompltlo. Ot alamot reconciled him to death. r lie could write no more. The Imatehos eere nearly burndd out, and tioe enbrgy was dying' 'witin -lims. Yet;, so aoself-possessed was 00o, so' strung up by Ihis rabid desire for ravenge, tlhat ho alnecdlth ta nbletsoin-tho inner pocket of lam va?t; so that tho water Whlic wos ld lie around laimn would: not affect them. And then hi:pp raprad for doath a linogering, terribla deatlh but niter all.it weas not a ao ainful onao Peor ltlhouagh Ian m.dd one or watorss al ng e Ms to enm oili, hoo noot . e tlho seter, solOr was sO oadily wora out, lae lan d lost so tuoah blood, tLaa'tlaniould not oven ieVe.l' A fcv "'Ilruggled, oice or two feeble JI ;fflrctuj and Ob'diti6huweeteoiufo'rt ley n c -tilffting Ciorpse in the 'cold pobl ? surounded' by darlmeos'anid silence. li Ictor ancimis had' at?dow aifter makil fri 'i speech;' which -f.heoflt wvoo:'afailureo:'Tho, at] ;bioposition, 'hiilih dbeengroivnginst?engtr;b Pa had attaolced him' upon some aopointnintt lib ,li?d made at Grit-'..Old"f'aOlvin', afte' a-ti lorig absenco.front t:li8ousd, had scontoil.llo U' bliattlo afar obf,'and teeoiig his opportfiniltyliad "ui attehded tliat:niglht. 'itting;o?posite; I,hisi white vest and blan k clolths, w oith thdn'vor frakraiit bouqukiet inishiscoat,' ho ld'listeiicd `with ii cynical sinilb to thoattemnth bof Hectori's' 'party tooxplain away the "littletransotioris; tli yet he'never'moved uiitil after'Hector had re'-;fr( 'plied.' "Then" the 'old ,manl got on'his legs, be took n a'lass of:'wtor, looked' behind him at' hid rinuportei?s,who cholred lostily, doid thedn gldnced fiercely on his oenimy, wholiad thrust ri ,his hat'over his bes w4iwhon: he set 'down; and' 'i 'r o isio?ddily vatching thdse ldemonrstrationi.. Then thd;old cman opeihd ot,':.Snteonce aftdr' he sentence fiowed 'from "hif'-clitting; cruel, slishing.: -He-analysed the charges and the of defence, and closed with-a few,wordseo telling seo that when he sat down thlid Hose licered for 10l i?oeeral minutes. One of the frothy orators, til hliobwere the curse.of HIetoa's:~arty', foe to e10 'reply. Jlttst then a messonger came up to av hectbr, and oringingly iniformed him that a 'ddy was waitingtosee 'hlim;e Her 'name was c 'MissW hito.:' '. , . , ".. .r.a:s :,:::/ 'Hee~eor-started..; Was, tiegirl aftersall coming to him of hler own accord?' Perlhaps 'shb was in want, and appealedcto him -as a' last resource. : . " Shoe wasa very -pressing, asir,":- said the l messenger;, "and said"it I! mentioned' the o name it would beenough. "SBhen looked so'poor an I Wouldn't have noticed her only for thalt.'" _' ? Show hbr iito my privato!rooni'! was the by 'repl y and' risingup' Hectorwoent out "- Ho' th pondered in his own mind about this'strangd go visitation:/ , . - . :di ~VWell afrll, after all thought Hetor if hecold obtain Beitha for-whom hldfelt his;old passion' risingho 'couldosolace himself int retiremeit' p1 'for a -while; forgetttingibis poltiteattroubles:' 'Js 11e know the end of his power ias aitlhand.' in ' Motioning thb mcssenger- away, Iho walked' th iasidel'e There ;as'a'femalo in' the room--but tb shlid was not Bertha White. Hector gave' a" A `glance at her!: His face became'erimson hisi m hlead grew':dizzy, heo'reeled like 'a drunken- p nian. .Heo had to lean against thi door!for. T isupport; '''' - - ' : . ""Ay, you may well stagger," said Pifidence- O for it was she.' "Ydn'thought s0?0?s&Bertha;"'W thdi girli you are s'o fond of, and ou' see' Pru- hi 'dencoe the woman you have wronged and all ti but murdered." . . . "Grit ' God I" 'cried Hector, putting his b haiid to his brow, "I am surely dreaming. 'fr The oxocitmont is too groat for mni." ' '"'" You werenover more in your sensed," was' p' thle cold answer; as she gloated over the terror :i andd confnsion' of the man.' "I ani Prudeice d \--no ghostI can assuro'you."' :' - ' -a. "But, but," said Hector, faintly, 'you were reported dead-your body was found.'- a' ,. "Stuff,"; said the woman,'" I escaped out G of the adylum -aiid-the blurideriing'policeman F toobkanoothor's corpse for min.' 'Iholi tolivo tl 'yet, to' revenge myself.' I haveo kept out of tI your .road; until now, because I had no tl opportunity. 'How patiently I waited to seo itf you would marry"3Bertha- that :I might' haive you arrested: and- tried :as a common felon., But that did-not take place, so I liaive had to ivait-and my time hias'como at'last." He-tor sank into a ohair,iandpuithishands ovdr, his eyes-trying to shut opt the horrible 'figuro that had stoepped- between :him 'and honor and happiness. At last he spoke.. ' ' '' Prudence there woro wrongs on both sides: AAsk what you like, I'will givoeit to you.";: But did ho speak this' fromany-wish to v make. reparation to this woman for the ill'he c Shad done ? : Nt hid I; His desiro'wassimply '1 to give her' the means of freely?indulging in: the poison which he know would soon put' an i end to her life and rid him of her for over.' 1 " Before I say another word I must have a r chequo for .1000," said Prudonce, gravely r seating horself in ad elegantt chair which I aemod polluted by her rags. t IHector rose, and, roenching for a cheque boolk, I wrote out the cheque. She glanced at it with irapture.. ig " i . ,i.l.. . i. e " , Wll,"that is' riglt," 'h s hisio witls cold laughl'i ! I wonder if.thesolackbysn lhoaiislied Inc about and seenidd to think I.vwint St for e Sdkennel would auo 'rd ill if tlihy ,kudi.I ilied thisn Wealth commands 'attotin i,;-does' it c inot, Hector? "..?.'.. '" , Ho'groanedl., .. - " H';How that fello?w, who went to you with thld`m mIossage,starediwhc'h I'osaid' nmustt 'no1th1' 'Hoiordbleo'Hctor., A beggar, said he to hini S'self, no doubt." '' : . " You have got' whiat. you want," said 'Hebtor, some of -his' old fire returning; " !.lcavo me in peace for a while.' " That I will,"-rellied Prudeicbc; fixing upon lini a-look of cold halto; "but iot until I do :yuea 'servicai Everythiing?cohoidderdr -you' S:'iveo 1hladvedhandsdni ly; so I'll'toll you some nowvs.e "Bunaknm'isediad I" '" ' ' . A gleam: of 'sunshsic -cams? intd Hector's face. Thank God oniio of his'toirmntors wai gone-the onois indeed the only oneid being h a,,"" You're happy to hear that," salid:Pru5 denthc; "but don't be too fast; Befor 'ha. died he had his sonolack'at his bedside, inid lib' made a full and open confession."' ' '"Hector started up. His:fdairbiboneia'dis'o d d tdrted, his eyes started out of'tldir osbekets. it Sezing Prudence by the hand he spoke .in a e. hoarse wjmispnr: 'o'ttn b' ; :'. l ? - d 'Cofessed I Whtat? Tfor.God's sake tll e Coldly, and .with 91glost dlablichl'dnoisien if ness, tlheswotieh rbpgoted'wB0htiiiia'es ofsl Siun Word 'To aftar .word"fel n:dsdiifHdctor'so Sears like boiling, lead. His fate was'sealed ," Thd woman: oould"notrbu'tf 'dllig 1 ·li0' 'No Sbeing on earth know wl halied transpiredii d except Bunakunbni °.',_..,.., i, " "Leave'me, Prudone;": naldithd inan',tin i an uineartlly volwd;,I '"Leave md 'if you aialu y0i'Ur lifey"" :' ..... y li.o? .,lf is Tho fearful''ona ofIsis vbolc had' all the Sold power in it. The woman started baolr apl I' palled, and alked out bf the'roOni; clusclilng y tiho cheOoque. h - r of Slid had hardly gonoe,whoeis ' messesnger hi knocked at the door. - ' el f "Conme in," said Hector.' " 'd '!Division, sir,".said thu:mossonger;t t. "I will b thecresprosontlye n :.h . ; ? i at- Ve Th divisio s took place ; but Hector nae k innis did not troubletho .tellois. , It wasn in st his:n party's favor; but :thein .majorit was s elo nder that when the result was announeod Sthe Oppiosition chlcoMral leortily. w hicy saw c th'day for posnession of the pluudcrwas not ie far diotant. - . CIIIAPTEhl LXVI. : IIectorn:waked .'out of the .Parllanment Houseointo thuo reserve. The nightwas sttill eo' and beautiful. The etars shone brightlyinltlh s Iol, blue lchavens. The air.was o olrand rec. ohfreorsiing. Aus ho l ascd:1i1nto the '"itm roy 'or- Gardens the ahisperinq of the o: trIe: wrok e he himlup from tlihe trance into vliellio hd an fallen. Arrived on tIh hcilhtas he looked ol down upon the ciry 'which. it hlad boon hIsv ambition to igovrn. . Tlhonlights--,..parhkldd og, svcrywhliroe-tlnlmuiii ofBosurhmuslreot roaclied a 'hIis ears eubducd into a gentle niurmur :'thi ur rumbling of tie traii, -alonho'.breaking tim' -lie shell. -e.I 0 sigieM l heavily'.':i .. -, ." - ad- "It' ie:' all' ovc," 'said' lhi- as:ho seanod 'ci against the cold iron-railing. ] ? I" is nll! o'er. Mly ounmy haconlquered--undfore aothiruais: iclthir famce,honor, nor Pierice Iet'- a.?lf ''iOnoe longing gzoe, and: theh hoasought:the slilcndid mansion whero he had taken up his abode. Heo;walked :into his: library. .lThire' wera all.thoebooks which :ho hadd:gathered.to ~dther,.and which were to him thi- greatest of' friends. ?feo turned them:o'ver one after thie other, fondly glancing ati the familihr 'titloe poges. . -After awhile he turned away with a start, the bloodhounds miglit now be on his track. lie went hurriedly to oneuof.tho drawers, and. unlocking it, took out a amnalphial ; ?.i "hector .Macinnis looked around him. What kitter-feelings w'erorain his-heart .then I -lie could soee, plain as thoeday, the dire mistakes tthatllio hadmade..gratifying his passions at tli expeli-oof his peace. ..!Oh, it he lid kept :ree from: in, what a brilliant life,would his' ie now.l i,. '" Be siire.thy sin will find thee out l'1: - 'But what folly this wasol '. Wiat avail wast r'gret now ? He could trace, step by step; the inistakeashe had made ,He could see how: lie eould haveoavoided this fatoe; but would that; help;now? fNo " - ' ...' lsacehing a glass he poured btt'a few drope of the liquid inthe phial; and. then, taking a' seat in the luxuriousreading chn, rho swal lowed the potion." For a while .lhegazedeon the pictures on the opposite .wall; :then a leep slumber canes over him.l He made un availing:o efforts to keep awake, to. realis his position ; !but. sleep, the last sleep of death, came upon him, and lie passed away. gentlo. OCAPTER LX VII Jack was quietly breakfasting at a little' Iotel where hie had .taken up his quarters. IHe was anxious to see the papers;, but an aged and amiablo int?ividual had taken unto hnim self the only morning .journal .subscribed for ,by the host; and it was not until he read it to the very last advertisement, that Jack could get it., Nor did thoe old man make the slightest discovery of its contents, although there was uflicient in the paper:to make a frozen man spealk?; No;:lae would not do that. much ,to' .please his fellows.; A glancoslfficed to apprise -Jack of the awful event of the last night. iHe. :aw that by.some nmeans Hector had learned tliiit Budakum.:had made a confession, and; that! he had)resolved to forestall vengeance. At first Jack could not imagine how the infor-' mnation had been. conveyed, to :him ; but he prdsentlyremembered thenbsence of Prudence, and jat once conjectured what had occurred. The' newspapers 'set down the eitraordinary event, for the fact that poison had been takenm, was carefully concealed, to the fact that Hector had seen he would lose liis position in a short time, and be relegated to private life; andt-his had preyed so much upon him that it had brought on a severe attack of heart didease, from which lie. had for years been suffering. This, of"course, did not satisfy the general public; arid they invented numerous tales to account for Ieetor's sudden death, which, no doubt, willgordown to their children; and assume the shape of portentous legends. After Jack had fixed-Bertha comfortably in a;little place, at Emerald Hill, he returned to Grit, to begin the labor of life again, lioplini Fate would be hind to him once more. After the terrible events of the past few days, and the death of all his enemies, Jack felt certain that'a brighter future was in store. . C. A CH T??lI LLXVIII. Vl At last tihe glimmering dawn , r Upon the eaostern verg anppears. ,.;, Ard after night the mornll :re lenais oil us with its slilesald tears. Tiho shadows of thie night - Fade in the radiance of the day;'' '' And life angin it bright - " ' S With joy that shall inot fade away. ' Night on Grit I Night still and; solemn, veiling in, her mystic pall tihe laidscape--' casting over all a weird and awful ohadow. Thi?ecrushing.nmills still stamped and thn: c dered; the streetsworo busy with people; but. in the outskirts the profound-peace of ovonitig 1 had fallen : The birds had:sougltthioe trees; natlire we inrepose; every'ereture but;man; restless man, had gone toe rest; But man intelligent man, was still busy in 'puirsiit ofI the phantoms for which he sacrifices soul'; nd' hoanor,and peace. " . .' ". ~ :.. Soon a gentle radiance appeared in the east; ' .treingthening until the cold; chaste moon arose over tie hills'and dissipating the gloom, ' of night, cast over nature her own fairy lights' andi shadows. The moon looked down that niglit upon no stranger sceneo'than:that being enacted at tthe Hesperus Extended nine.. News had spread far and wide that Obadiahhl Sweotcomfort's body had' been recovdred;?:s'o a-large crowd was gathered' together."'- It was 'qiitb an event' in-Grit.'.For years life had gone on in a quiiet, listless way. Ever since the great collapse; thie stream of existence had :floeed evenly enoughi But now there was'a goniuino excitement. -Men -noved'about, and talked of the day dn which Jackhwas buried alive, and the'extraordinary eventstih'at fol lowed; and there worc a' few old groyheadedl nieti who did not forget to put in a word sibout :tlie memorable night of the flood when Janet swas murdertd, and the Gritt 'Guily 2'r'oplet inauguratcd. Somen' wondered it' the great' occurrenees that had taken place during tim. past few days wrero,precursors of a change.' iVhy not? Any great event in the past had always been followed by a chaingo for the better. 'And it was generally agreed that if such would occur, the terrible deaths of Hector eladinnis and Obadiah Sweetcomfortwould notl be regretted.""Little was heard on 'behalf of either. A fer halfswonderiig, half-pitying. .wor~ls.ver6 dropped' about Hector, dead in the' prite of lohis life,'thoeliolght of his glory; but whatever-was said about Obadialh, was the reverseofcomplinientary, tih axiom de f ortais, dc.notivithstanding. l Everyone seemed glad hatthe rich'man had=died and -gone-well, tlibre'wasan'singular: unanimity as to where re had. gone.. It was the time for those to whom he had refused a loan, or upon wlhom he had, trodden, to revenge themselves, and they did it unsparingly. 'Jack and \Villiam'stood by, near the poppet ioid, unnoticed. Jack: had faded completely outeof memory in the hnurryeerryof life; and* thvoery tesn who talked about his veondbrful "oesape, never noticed that tihe hero of their story was standing by.. -But Jack was'rather pileisod than otherwiseo at this. He knew'now ' the hollowness of fame, "Standing there in the moonlight, watching thel groups of earnest talkers; nowsand then glancing over the moonlit scene, what a flood of menmories passed througir Ja.k's mind, thrilling his hleartlwithl emotien after emotion: 0 -joyous, sad, gay, and grave. The pastoral Sscenes of his youth, the day wlen he mset Wtil. I liam Brown, now standing beside him; and first'. v saw the metal which had sines- played': so' t important apart in his life; the dream of the Shining oeeft; the night: of horror when Ihis mother died; the hours of courtship;.theo. burying alive in this very mine; the day of his .| grandeur and wealth; tile hour of his :fall; II tihe loss otfBertha;. the ioyful reconciliation; o|the dcatl of'his fatier I Strange, eventful |. history..'Whait would be thre.end ? , y' "Ifi ti old man lrad been here," said. a e. venerable 'digger near Jack, ' wouldn't..ho d have' given us a. fine speech ?.";. He' could' Is " Old lunakum?!' said another fogey. n Ay, id that: he could. Wonlrds came to 'him like id water toi a: mill; but hle's dead now; It's o 'high tinm. woowent, too/?. : '" i e. " Strange,"' saild tir:otier, ". that all:th lie 'old hands are dying out; and -though thby ad I?vera here in theo good times,- they leave little r. behind them,.', - ' . .' . ' . o" i'u oid"of enjoyilog thlnitolvec,"' soild :i tle second apeaker "The drop of 'grog' youti SAy ay," wY'ithe reply, ncoempiianid with I sh ofth hbad. ' d -'. ; ' t ' Jack loolkd at the t men. ' In the lisp ral' light they:scomfed to him as if they wore the lold friids' dead had gone,'of 'ivh6i B fkum' ' h'd :spbokn' in soiii of lii last spcccli~o.' ':' A;.'A!suddo in vemimdnt in thi crovw told Jack' :and illiam that soinething had taken place., I llo strangoe iilehie inforinedtheim the .body oftObadiah'lmid cbme tb the stirfiac'" WithA I ari'effort they got'into the front raiill.; ': There, in the trick, 'lay.tlid'ecbihoeito the 'wretched manri' Thd eold, white -fdacd"ahi 'd stony eyes looked iip'it'thd' iuiet' midooriitith a horribld stare:- It Wis a sight tlhatliushed thd iassemblago iito'ltilriecss -' * -.i Not' long :sinc thii man was in the ifull possession of licaltlh'ard stiirugth dni'ricli~s ;' looked up to witli tlie aw thiit oealtli cre6tea.t flo held ithe destinies of miiiy'there in -his iands. 'A 'wbrd' frbm himi; ind.thlici' daily' breai wa'gonoe-another woreland tliey were !wealthy'fer:life'; Ndowthl iiseindistt'of tlih croWdcbnuld jeei" 'ltifi;' tlhoi' ket: takel that nerveless'handql ;dl i ·' . •: Inr sight of that poor, helpless piece.of clay, I fackli forgbt the hate and ahlger of tho'past, : anil hniost regirettd the fate that had snatched tway this man before'lid lihd :roe??ited' his .-?daek st6od next to Sniggle Snickeks.;'Every one 'had noticed. during the day'theo'.wful excitement under which hih his'mi labored; but all had set it down to natural feeling. Obadial and Sniggle had been'great'friends, and 'it was owing to accident that,; as in; life they had been ilsoparable,in death they wero not divided. S:niggle had hitliertofobenra sober man; but on this day hli had drank, andl drank branpy,. and it' seomedto liave no effect upon him. . Only Jack notied tlihe ghastly huo of his facelas.li ogazed on -the corpse. As th moonlight sliono upon his distorted face, it rivalled that of the dead man in rigidity'nd ghastliness.' But who wvsa to dream of the torrible aecret that face con cealed ? r'The light leing .brought; forward,vthoyi soarched Obadi's body; the magistrates rind the police stan ing.by.- Sniggle Bnickers was amongst the roup, and 'Jack.was :olose to him. After a while they camo across theo tablets. The officer of liolice dlierved them 'nd glanced at the writing.' . " : "-A cold sweat burst forth from:every pora of Sniggle Snioels' fratihe; Was it possible that Obadial had Ijved long enough to write down whathaad occured? He made a movement as if to fly; but lis terror and prostration veroso great, and hislimbs seemed to, fail him ... The poliddboficer read on; and those near to.himd could' soe that 'an expression of ,thd, utmost astonishmient appeared'upon his jace. He had hardly bhghi to read ciwhen ?i q iiced at. Sniggle Snickers, and tho ?t'lched,- man 'felt as if tlio ofdicer:read' itdi- fione:?iiyannd Ikept tihe dtlier fixed uipon' lim. His kioes knocked together, his. face 'lit, hall by, tlie. smoonlight hblf by thlante trs,; was ghastly white.. ..-Whei the officer closed the tablet-he .had never taken his oyooff Siiickers -Ii turiiedto a trooper. "W ilson," he said, " ariest- Mr. Sniggle Snickers for thle mirder of Obadiah Sweet comfort." ,' .' ,i '_ .. " SThose who stood close to the blift ol the lesponis Egtonded. were conscious of some thing flashing past them, and theo:vast irowd. heard a shriek of horror ani'd dislhiriwhichl they never forgot to their dying:dayi 'Shiggle Snickers,, casting a glance atttho gl6rious mooh tlhat wa, sailing in tli'. eavcns, thI bluoe'sky, the .th'io'snd fIacs lit by limp' anid: .moon, throw:*p his arms aod sprang into the' shaft. Thoeid close ant hand could hear. his, corpse as it rebounded from side to sidd until at last with an awful thud it' fll.upbonth bottbin--'a t louesiid feDt belw I ... Tb d' cowd'gathered roiid the' shaft witli confused an awe strick ini mriiiirs, and'misn at once got into the cage and idescendedl. .Predently it cafio up bearing a 'isiss ot flesh from whichi all humanity hlad been crushed out.I People: turned Iron? thci, aful 'iglht. The1 police placed the twb corpssoaon tlih one tiestle and bore them away. ., ..,. : 1 ,. -:T:lo6 peoplb still eroirded rofund,talking o" thcl- terrible, crits,' and regalig' each dtlher :witli oininous versions of the awful story. Bute soon. it was evident somethling qf.oen greater aniid' "moriaipersal lintorest vwa ex citing the mass. Whii pes egan fto'cirula amongst "th 'crowd, and'intellichgc vas ..on foot" that. overpoiiered: oveiin .tlig'wondeirfl instanc of ihtridd beybo d dieath.' In some .mariner it waq comitunicated.that a new reef * of shiprising' ricehbss had biei', di6dbvdrdid in 'the Hesperus Extended mihid.; Avarico,'ldong, latent, vas" noiw developed, 'id soon ,the crowd was hurrying to and Iro seeking to, pick: up slianrs--lcTaing Obadiih';' corpsd ldcked .up in the omce to await the ifiriuest . .. i Our friends heard the news; bit itw of littli interest to tlihem. Tlhoyy had no money ,to; purchas - shares. With a weary sigh of d regret they left the scend'irid walked awaoy to wards their houie, talking as tlhy went of.tlid Saffairs of the day. 'Neither guessed th truo :solution of ovents--they 6nly wondered and t speculated. . TL: LXIX. : , - Emily was waiting for them, and had pro pared a neat little repast. Jack sighed as hle thought that the little money they hgtl would soon melt away, and,tlien whut would hle do? An yet ho naw efo way out o llis difli eulties. EnrncstlyOs e h?eslreed to od uniteu to Bertha tiere appeared no gleam of hope to encourage him to antieipate tihe joyful event. It seemed that they would each have to toil on.: O, for a feow hundred poundse wherewitlh to buy into his oldeolaint I Deo did not speak 6f this-to hisadeor. friends, but they could easily divine his thoughts-indeed their own midids ,were exroised on the subject of the futore. But WVilliam spoke hopefully, and predicted that the linding of a rich reef in the Hosperus Extended would revivify the district and would lead to plenty of capital being in traduced and consequent work, when they inight look forward to a brighter future. It was not long before William and Emily retired. Jack sat reading a worn out nwvel. But he could got no rest. It seemed as if an" Uinseen Doing was calling upon him to do sonoething. Now'and then the ghastly face of Obadiah seemed to peer out uponlhim from the corner, and occnsionally lhe thought. he saon Hector Macinnis standing in the moon light at the door as if beckoning him.: But these were only tho.phantoms of-a troubled brain.: presently he felt an overwhelming desire to go ppth claim and do'some work.' It would not bo,;the first occasion; for often enough had he-worked until the small hoursi of the morning in his eagerness to:.find'.out what. the' ground contained. So .taking a candle and matches he walked up the :hill and deo cenidd. lthe shaft, It wal already 100 feet in depth, and tlhey.were driving a crosscut to the east to see what, they could strike. So far" the ground had been very: hard,-withsno water. Thera was a drill in.an unfinished hiolb. Jack sot'to work on it, glad- to escape froin his disteessing thoughts.i, He noticed: after a while that the drill was in quartz and water began to flow out. This nerved him to greattor.oxertione; oven althoughdihl knuw that " the ground was-full of little c! loadors,'! but so muatoh ,water; did not come froin' leaders.", Srohen tlie-holo was suficihently deephb put'in .a olhargO, tampcditand, setting thefnse alight, ectired into' a. plnc of safety. Sboon the ground shook with the oxplosioninndwhon caiidle aiid prlieded to elxmiie the dislodgedi! roodi. A glance sent the blood rushiig thirough hi? frame. : Quartz -had& been struck-n reef, el6, 'for the water was floring1 from the face. R.liardly breithed," so great was his ei iteiahent. Taking up a piece of-qunartz he ltobkbd at it. The stoioe was ihite, ipith blue senims. Here was galena; there, 0, Great IheaLens I gold sboautiful,glitterihg gold:lper iinatingithe stonie overyivhere. :He klicw it well. 'It was the true Hesperus. Extended ?Tie eveno?wis:too much for him. Ilosank nupon thogroundin a faint. : Was it a faint? f:That momentd the leo~v became stigused: with liglit-not the cold'phophorscent gleam of thie moonbeams but a warm golden light- sdieli as hoe hadl beheld:in the dreams of* the paist, , And :hovering a bove. him was the B'lonblcient "Spirit 'of?tother days,; ei briglit smile-on.her:faee. In' front was a wall of oblden rock- tho:e white ind blue anid yellow: eleharly defined ,iAnd behind thd:Spirit; he thodght:he saw::his mother-hlr face bright hild happy-?her eyes fxledi upon' him and beaming w?ith: joy. ? The Spirit :now ir.aved lher hand, and amid a gentle melody,; loating likd fairy music in the air,l her voice mame to him for the last time:. i "Your's at last:: the Shinihg leef 1 ' C HAPTER' LXX. Porting :is sad under any' circunistaices; and joven when we have followed our cha-' ractero to a successful close and tilhe reader's imagination. can fill all'the blanks, it is not unfi'se to give a few closing remarks. Our characters haive grown upon ui as wo-hiave proeheded, and it is not without a?sighl that we 1ly down our l?en and bid them an eternal' Iitc~eell. .. r ' Prudence .Macinnis made so'good a use of the £1000 Hector had given her;, that before a'foitnight afteor his.aleath slie wvas'taken to the Kew. Lunatid Asylum--this time 'really.' meid'; and re rcmany weeks she too followed the caravani that is ever moving on into eteriity.: , --" Mr. Clack reformed his ways 'and became a mddell citizen--Bertlha's.words being touched, his 0oul., and: turied him back at the right moment..' ` . -:- T: o tombstones in .the ceinetery of Grit speak:for.themselves. The inscription on ode readk-"-. OBADIAH I SWEETCOM1FORT, , .i , ' .IyoDIED ON- ; ? Erected ;in remembranco of his worth nas a citizen, :lis value as" a-friend, his example as a Clristian, and his sad'and awful death. ." 0death I where is thy sting; 0 grave I' where is thy victory ?" GaIlded:lioli . . ': - The other inscription is this- JANET MELDON, sn'oTIIEn o JON ai LDON-- " "To Hiin whose head was crowned with thorns, Whose tears of blood were'shed for meo, - I cling in humble earnest hope, - lIly advocate that hte will:be. " And what remains for us to say? Nothing - After-years'of;pain'and misery ;after stumb ling long inthe 'paths of error and.darliniess, the bright dawn of a'-neBw nd olbetter life oip peared: to Bertha- and her lover. Tho Shin mg Reef, as it was named in accordance with 'Jack's extraordinary dreams; turned out to be oven richer than the Hesperus Extended,"of wvhidh it: was a continuation.: Grit, long dowh-trodden, rose- to even greater wealth and prosperity than it had ever known. 'The Busy Beo is once more the, scene of business hndl revelry, .the: hundreds who hlead flown elsewhere whoen the clouds 'of adversity hovered over it, have now~returnedl; and it is not likely that'tholeeosple of Grit, having ro coived one lesson, will allow this opportunity to pass. : r Jack is now a wealthier man than he was. in the times of the mania; and next to him is William, who has reapeduat last the reward of: his patience;t - To tho latter the-happiness of his dear EEmily is :tho greatest of lhis joys. Anld as Jack has abj?red speculation, and is contented andi happy with the lovely partner of his life, it is not likely that he will ever again los6 the fortundh6 heas amassed out of the Shining Reef. And if there is ons lesson hlee inculcates to .lis children': more than aisother, it is that solemn one of Scripture, burhnt into, his mind;by, the history of the "Bes urc thysi.,;l aind thlee out. Tnits Jum. 