Death of a Body-Snatcher. A MYSTERIOUS affair occurred at Svracuse, in the United States, the other day. Dr. Hervey Kendall, a well-known physician of that city, was found early in the morning of the 18th May lying in a meadow adjacent to the burial-ground of the poor-house with a bullet hole in the centre of his forehead. Near his body were lying two shovels and a satchel. Under his left leg was lying a re- volver, all six chambers of which had been recently fired off. He was still alive when discovered, and was taken to the County Building, when, on divesting him of his outer wraps, a belt with two pistol holsters was found buckled round his waist. One of the holsters was empty, but the other contained a revolver fully charged, with the exception of one cartridge. In the satchel was found a full kit of tools used by resurrectionists— consisting of a dark lantern, a cart-hook, a brace and bit, a key-hole saw, a bowie knife, a piece of rope, and a bottle of whiskey. He died on the following day, but although at times conscious before bis death, made no revelation of the mystery, There is no doubt, however, that when met his death he was preparing to rob a grave in the cemetery; for on the previous evening Dr. Krutx, of Saracuse, called on him, and was surprised to find him in a rough suit of clothes, with all his body- snatching implements piled ready for use. In explanation, he informed Dr. Krutz that he was going that night to get what he playfully termed a "bob." Dr. Kendall had long been known as a profes- sional grave-digger. Several cemeteries have been repeatedly despoiled by him. He was in the habit of taking large doses of morphine. Some persons supposed that under the influ- ence of that drug he destroyed himself on seeing or imagining that he saw a ghost. Others held the theory that he was shot by an organised band of avengers who were de- termined to put a stop to his grave-robbing proceedings. He had a large practise, but is not likely to be regretted by his patients. 