PUBLISHED EVEBY WEDNESDAY AND 8ATUBDAY MOBNING. WEDNESDAY, MAECH 8, 1882. SHOOTING AT THE OUEEN. THE attempt to shoot Her Majesty, which ?was reported in our last issue, appears to have caused a great sensation throughout the empire, and there is a very hearty feeling of thankfulness over the escape she made. Later details make it clear that no political importance ia to be attached to the aot. It was not the outcome of any dissatisfaction with the rule of Her Majesty, nor a desire to subvert the order of Government, The would-be assassin is a grocer's assistant, named M'Lean, who states that he was in starving circumstances and took the step to draw attention to his case. He is described as a miserable-looking man, aud was at first supposed to be a lunatic. The doctors, however, pronounce him to be sane. He was armed with a Colt's revolver, one barrel of which he discharged point blank at Her Majesty, but fortunately missed. He was about to fire again when he was seized, and the police had some difficulty in preventing him being lynched on the spot. As might be expected, Her Majesty was a good deal alarmed, but is not likely to sustain any ill effects through the occurrence. In the early years of her reign Her Majesty had rather a trying time of it owing to the attempts made on her life. In the years 1840 and 1842 she was three times fired at by crazy lads whose object wag to gain notoriety. In June, 1840, a pot-boy named Edward Oxford deliberately fired two shots from a pistol at her, neither of which took effect. He . was pronounced to be a lunatic, and sentenced to imprisonment for life in an asylum. Subsequent observation showed that he was_ simply a weak minded lad, whose ambition was to gain the crown of martyrdom as a political prisoner. In May, 1842, a young man named John Francis made a second attempt from the same spot selected by Oxford. Francis appears to have belonged to what would now be called the larrikin class. He was sentenced to death, but thia was afterwards commuted to trans portation for life. The third attempt was made two months later, in July, by a hunch backed lad named Bean. His pistol, how ever, missed fire, and there appearing to be some doubt as to. whether it was loaded he got off with 18 months imprisonment. The law was then altered. Up till then any attempt on the life of the Sovereigu was treated as high treason. Her Majesty felt that so long as this was so the attempts upon her life would be repeated. She, therefore, urged that it should be altered so as to make such acts misdemeanours punishable by the common law. Referring to this Mr. Justin McCarthy, in his History of Our Own Times, says:-" The ambition which most or all of the miscreants who thus disturbed the Queen and the country had was that of the mountebank rather than that of the assassin. The Queen herself showed how thoroughly she understood the significance of all thathad happened, when ,she declared, accordirg to Mr. Martin, that she expected arepetiton of the attempts on her life so long as tie law remained unaltered by which they ould be dealt with only as acts of high treasoi. The seeming dignity of martyrdom ha< some thing fascinating in it to morbid vmity or crazy fanaticism, while on the other hand it was almost certain that the martyr'spenalty would not in the end be inflicted. A very appropriate change in the law was effected by which a punishment at once sh>rp and degrading was provided even fo1 mere mountebank attempts against the Qieen; a punishment which was sure to be iiflicted. A bill was introduced by Sir Robart Peel making such attempts punishable b; trans portation for seven years, orby imprilonment for a term not .exceeding three yea's, 'the culprit to be publicly or privately vhipped as often and in such manner as tte Court shall direct, not exceeding thrice.'" This law had the desired effect, and not again till 1869 did anyone molest Her Majesty. In that year an Irish bricklayer fired a pistol, only loaded with powder at ler, and got seven years' transportation for the offence. In 1850 a Lientenant Pace struck the Queen over the face with his cane and was subjected to a similar puiishment. Twenty-two years elapsed before the: next offence occurred.. In 1872 a. hd named O'Connor presented an unloaded pistol at the Queen as she was entering Bickihgham Castle after a drive. He had a Fenian memorial in the other hand. He got off with; twelve months' imprisonnent and a whipping. M'Lean's attemptwas>naparwith the others. He had no grievanci against the Queen or the Government, and if not mad took a mad way of showing thathis mind was out of harmony with the geieral order of things. He might have Sow at less ex alted game and still had attertion drawn to his case. But, like Oxford, hs has evidently a strong admixture of vanitj in his compo sition, and is desirous of beiag notorious as well as poor. English people are not given to sympa thise with assassination. ~fio matter wliat the object to be attained, the assassin is held to) be the wrong man to work for it. In this case the feeling of disgust against the delinquent must be all ihe stronger seeing that he was wholly without provocation for his attempt. That he failed to murder a sovereign justly beloved by her subjects must be matter of congratulation in every land where proper sentiments prevail. Aus tralia joins an the general joy at the escape. THE Mayor asks us to say that subscription lists towards getting a bust of Bishop Short as a memento of his work in this colony, now lies at the Corporation office. The subscriptioa is limited to Is. THE BORDER TRADE.-The 20 miles limit for the operation of the Border trade does not give satisfaction, and on both sides of the Border an effort is being made to get the area extended. A memorial asking for this was being signed on Saturday last at Mount Gambier, and we note by the Argus of the same date that represent ations have been made to the Victorian Commis sioner : of Customs by the inhabitants of Casterton to the effect that as the operation of the new border treaty is confined to an area of 20 miles on each side of the boundary, it will not apply to their town. They request that they may be brought under its provisions. The Commissioner, before taking any Btep in tbis direction, will ascertain from the special cus toms officer at present in the locality how far the revenue would be affected by the change. The following is the memorial alluded to above : -"We, the undersigned, residents of Mount Gambier and surrounding district, respectfully desire to call your attention to the inequitable character of the Border Treaty in existence be tween this colony and Victoria, and its unsuit. ability to the public interests of this portion of the colony, as also the. prejudicial effect it must have on the finances of the colony. 1st. Be-, cause the distance clause is too limited to admit of anything being received into South Australia from which this colony might derive revenue from the Victorian Government, as the very limited distance of 20 miles places without its operation the Victorian Border towns situated on the frontier. 2nd. Because we think that a com mercial treaty to be just to all should be made - in the interests of the general public, and not a small section thereof. 3rd. We have been in the habit under the former treaty of supplying Casterton and other Border towns with potatoes, for which this dis trict is famous, and getting thence building materials, etc. This traffic is under the present treaty stopped, to the prejudice of the public of Mount Gambier. 4th. Your petitioners are further .of-opinion that with the large number of exemptions very properly made in the present treaty, greater scope should be allowed by the treaty as regards the amount to be forwarded at one time, and that the distance clause might be eliminated altogether or considerably extended. 5th. The present treaty would appear (while it suits the convenience of a small section of the people of Narracoorte) to ignore the convenience of our population. Your petitioners would therefore pray that the treaty be amended in accordance with the alteration expressed therein" and your petitioners as in duty bound will ever pray, &c.;" . THE BEACHPORT STATIONMASTER.-We are assured that our Beachport correspondent was unnecessarily severe on the Stationmaster there in his last letter. The Stationmaster has a mul tifarious list of duties to perform, some of which necessarily take him away from his office. It is, ( therefore, absurd to suppose that when a bag of bread or a joint of meat happens to be carried to the port that he should sit all day in his office till tbe consignees find it convenient to send for tliem. _ The Stationmaster, we are told, is most attentive, and does his best to please the public. But if there is a hitch at any time it is suggested that an application should first be made to the department to correct it before abusing an officer who simply does his beBt to carry out his instructions. PRESBYTERIAN.-'The ladies of the Presby terian Church, Mount Gambier, have arranged to drop the tea from their anniversary programme this year, and it will be celebrated only by a concert, which is fixed to be held on the 29th inst. The reason for omitting the tea is that for some years it has been badly attended and was not profitable. The ladies, instead, will give a special contribution to the church funds. Later on it is proposed to have a social tea, for which, of course, there will be no charge. THE NORTHERN FARMERS,-It appears by the statements made at the Farmers' Association meeting held last week in Adelaide that there are some 1500 farmers in the North who are in dis tressed circumstances in consequence of the failure of the crops; £20,000 is the lowest amount which it is deemed will be at all adequate to do what ought to be done to help them. The Association have issued 300 sub scription lists asking for aid, and they have de cided to appeal to the Government to subsidise the money collected. The olairas of the distressed farmers were to have been considered at a meet* ing of the Town and District Councils and the Agricultural Society here on Saturday afternoon, but the meeting fell through owing to a nrisuuder* standing. The members of the Agricultural Society were present, but the representatives of the other bodies did not turn up. The Mayor has promised to call a public meeting for Satur day week to deal with the matter. A POTATO-DIGGER.-At the meeting of the Agricultural Society ou Saturday afternoon an animated discussion took place'over a proposal to offer a prize for a potato-diggiug machine, to be awarded after trial. Some years ago a match of digging machines took place here, but the re sults were so unsatisfactory that it was not thought worth while to follow up the subject. Mr. Umpherston, however, who has faith in the possibility of getting a practical potato-digger, revived the subject some ten days ago, and at Saturday^ meeting it was decided to offer a prize of £5, to be competed for on the 19th of April next. Some of the members argued that a large prize should be offered, as this was the only way to Bet the inventive faculties of our mechanical population to work; but, on other hand, it was pointed out that the time was too short, and that all that could be done at present was to give an exhibition of the machines already in existence. Such'fin exhibition would be a step in the right direction, as it might give a hint to those dis posed to take up the subject. Next year a large prize might be offered, with the hope of drawing out something better than anything we could hope for this year. This view prevailed, and the vote for £5 was passed. > THE AUTUMN SHOW.-The prize list for the autumn show, in connection with the Mount Gambier Agricultural and Horticultural Society, was finally passed at last Saturday's meeting. It includes two special £5 5s. prizes, offered by Mr. J. Umpherston-one of which is for factory made cheese and the other for factory made bacon. GAMBIER WEST COUNCIL.-At a special meeting of the Gambier West Council on Satur day afternoon the Chairman (Cr. Avey) and Cr. I Holloway tendered their resignations, they being about to visit England. The resignations were accepted, and steps taken to supply the vacancies at the Council board. Cr. Bonan was appointed Chairman for the remainder of the present Council year. Mr. Holloway has taken his pas sage per the Orient liner Chimborazo, which leaves Glenelg on March 19. He expects to be absent from Mount Gambier about nine months. Mr. W. Creek has decided to go by the same vessel. MB. H. GAVINS says that it was not the striking of a match that frightened his horses when they bolted last week. He was about to enter the cab, after shortening the rein, when they went off. The.information published was supp'ied by Mr. Taylor, proprietor of the cab. PROFESSOR RICE.-Professor A. E. Rice had a moderate audience for his first entertainment' at Mount Gambier, and a large audience for his second,- and it is clear the oftener the feats of the Professor are seen the more interesting they become. The chief features of the entertain ments are his mind-reading and exposure of I spiritist tricks. In the former his powers mu8t.be witnessed to be realised. He first gives a brief lecture on the talent he possesses of read I ing the mind, and then invites persons to go up I and test it. About half a dozen did. so each evening,, and Mr. Rice gained enthusiastic ex pressions of admiration for his successful reading I of most of; them.-- Heasks the gentleman who presents himself to picture in his mind the image I of the article thought of. Then he takes his j left hand, ; presses the back of the fingers against his forehead, and after a short, .pause I leads the thinker to the object. In some cases the object thought of was-, a ;pencil.-.case, a coin, a locket, or a ring in some: I one else's pocket, or hid among the forms; in other cases it was an object on-the wall, or a pin stuck under one of the seats. In only two I or three instances out of the many was he unsuc cessful, and even then he declared the shape of the articles thought of but was unabletofindtbem.: The persons who presented themselves to have their thoughts read thus were, well-.known I residents, and there could be no collusion' nor deception about it. The tricks performed con I sisted of sleight-of-hand feats, and several of the more noteworthy spiritisfc tricks. These I last he said had been the means of deluding I thousands of persons into believing the absurdities J of spiritism, and yefc he washable to perform I them . without the aid of any spirits. I Miss Ady Foy's pellet trick was very cleverly done. He also performed, in as neat a manner I as we have ever witnessed, the Davenport Brothers' cabinet trick. On Tuesday he per formed Terry's ghost feat, which -was very cleverly carried out, and was loudly applauded. I The Professor is also a reader of character, and told several persons their merits and failings I on both evenings, with correctness. The I musical part of the entertainment is carried - out by Mrs. Rice and Miss.Sarah Lewis. ..Mrs. Rice I plays the pianoforte capitally, and possesses; a I contralto voice of more than ordinary merit. She sang several songs each evening with success. I Miss Lewis is only 15 years of age, and has ~a~ soprano voice of excellent quality, of very wide range, and great flexibility. In all her notes, from the bottom of the treble stave to B or C above it, she is as clear as a bell. The entertain-! ments altogether were clever and interesting, and well worthy of patronage. This evening Pro fessor Rice will give an entire change of pro-, gramme., STOCK SALE.-Mr. L. G. Ehret reports the I following sales at the South-Eastern Bazaar on Saturday last .--Horses-1 two-year-old filly, £8; 1 bay horse, aged, £1. Cattle-7 head steers, yearlings to 18 months old, at £1 10s. per head ; 5 cows with 3 calves at £2 17s. 6d. - l cow and calf, £3 ; 2 heifers and 2 calves, .£4! 15s. Sheep-323 merino ewes, aged, at 3s. Pigs-2 sows at £4; 2 ditto at £2 7s. 6d.: 1: ditto, £2 15s. ; 1 ditto, £1 17s ; 14 store pigs at 16s. 6d.; 7 ditto at 13s. 6d. ; 10 ditto at 25s.; 26 ditto at 21s.; 1 ditto, £1 10s. GAMBIER EAST COUNCIL.-Only Cr. Tolmie attended at the Gambier East Council on Satur I day morning, and there was consequently no I meeting. It is understood there will be a special meeting in about a fortnight to call for tenders for some new works, and transact other I important business. I A SLICE OF GOOD LUCK.-A young man 1 named Robert Ritchie, who has for some time been employed at Glenburnie as an agricultural laborer, left per steamer for Adelaide on Friday last to receive a legacy of abbut £700, that comes to him through the death of a relative. FIRES.-During the last two days bush fires I seem to have been buruing in almost every j direction arouud Mount Gambier. Yesterday the atmosphere was densely clouded with smoke. So far as we have been able to learn the fires j were confined to the rough country on Benaira, Glencoe, Woodlands, (east of Yahl),-and other I runs, and have done no damage. . I TENDERS for the erection of a schoolmaster's I residence at O.B. Flat were opened in Adelaide on Monday. Messrs. Goss and Lambert were the lowest tenderers. THE WATERWORKS.-We believe the Water works Department in tend purchasing an allot ment of ground between the railway and police station, on which to erect an office and other buildings necessary for the carrying on of the Mount Gambier Waterworks. It is probable'a line of rails connecting it with the railway-station will be put down. BIBLE CHRISTIAN CONFERENCE.-At the sitting of this Conference on March "1 a sum of £11 was voted as a grant to the Millicent Church. The Conference closed on Thursday. TnE Wimnera Star states that the survey of a line of railway from Dimboola to the South Australian Border will be commenced this week. The line will go through Nlrill. . . i MR. PAVIA, head master of the Strathalbyn school, who was suspended for breach of the regulations by flogging a female scholar, has been fined £20 and reinstated. A MEETING of the creditors of E. Davey, wood-carter, Penola road; was held in Mr. "Vaudrey's office on Thursday. His liabilities were stated at about £180, and his assets were all secured to Mr. Croft by bill of sale for money advanced. The meeting terminated without any thing being done. THE second head-board of the ship Sobraon was picked up to the eastward of Cape Douglas on Sunday and handed to the Receiver of Wrecks, Port MacDonnell. It measures 7ft. by 9in., and is painted black. The name Sobraon is cut I deeply into the wood, and the letters are gilt. The end of the board is broken through the letter IJ, and it appears to have come away either from the quarter or bows of the ship. 