MOUNTAIN REGULATORS. ' J1Y COL. OEOJIOa W. HYJIOnUfl. ' Mr-first introduction to tlio Regulators was romantic, and decidedly dima > novolish. W___ Ailhougli I lind liad considerable experience in mountaid work, my acquaintances wero ohiefly " moonshiners." I had heard miioh about tha strength of tlio new vigilante order, but gave little credenco to tho marvellous stories that were told rcspecttog tho solidity, respectability,' and discipuno of that famouB moboorooy whioh has ruled mountain Ken-, tuoky for tho past, four years with an iron hand ; — which has committed many outrages, mado many mistakes, bnt, witlml, rendered the mountain counties safo to live, in, and driven oat tho desperadoes and outlaws. ' The agent for my divison, early in tho month of Jane, 1878, sent ma on a mission, of importance into one of tho rich blue grass counties, wliieh county, by tho way, boasts of mora pretty women, fast horses, fat Dur- hamn, and lino whiskey, than any Bpot of like sizo in tho world. Heliablo information had been received at tbo headquarters of tho Se cret Service in Washington City, that an ox- tonsivo gang of counterfeiters had opened a mint not far from tho famous Bluo luck Spring, and wcro manufacturing at whole sale, tlio most dangerous character of " queer" money. Tho rendezvous of tha gang was not definitely located, and I was dotaiicd to "spot" their liiding.placo, Accordingly, I went out on tlio Kentuoky Central Railroad, to tho ' little town from which I was to make a start ; procured a ihorso, and rode leisurely through tlio town into tho open country. It was four o'clock in tho afternoon, as I loft tho hotol. Reselling tlio borders of tho town, I spurred my liorsa into a gallop and turned into tho Orst road I camo to, running in tha direction of the setting sun. I had a theory — which afterwards proved a truo one— that tha gang wcro located in an isolated and heavily tim bered belt of countiy, running from tho bordcra of the bluo-grass lands out into tbo barren ridges of Robertson County. I was thoroughly posted respecting tha roads, was provided with a good post-road map and a pocket compass, and had no fears of losing myself. A lowering sky indicated a possible storm. Ry 0 o'clock a heavy cloud swept across tho canopy of stars overhead, and shut oat tbo fccblu light of tho young moon. Tharo wan a distant rumbla of thunder, and tho south western sky was illuminated by livid flashes of olectrio flro. A few pattering rain-drops warned mo that tho storm was closo at hand, and I discovered that in tho hurry of depar ture I had neglected to bring my gum coat and leggings. I did not ianoy a wotting, and began to look about mo for a place of shelter. The night hail grown intensely dark, and a solid wall of black cncompassod mo on ovcry iiand. Tills gloom was occasionally pierced by a flash of lightning, enabling mo to soa objects closo at hand. A particularly vivid flash, just as tha rain began to fall in earnest, brought out, in full relief, on tho righ't hand sido of tho road, the outlines of a gloomy- lookihg stono building, tho front of winch was thickly covered with ivy, elinging in tangled masses from tho ground to tbo tops of tho dormer windows. I pulled up my borsa and waited for another flash. , It came, rind I saw that tho stono pilo was a ruin, and uninha bited. I had hoped for a hospitablo farm mansion, a warm suppor, and a comfortable bed, but tho rapidly falling rain, did not admit of indcoision. Dismounting, I led' iny horse through tho gate, which I found after much groping, and guided him through an open doorway into one of. tho roomB of tha stono ruin. . v:/ Lighting ft little pocket lantern, which I al-. ways carried, I looked about me. Tho room iriwhioh I found myself was bare and without floor. I did not notice at the .timo that it bad been used as a stablo before. Tho floor above wob intact, and I was glad to got shelter from tho rain, whioh, was now descending in tor rents. Removing the saddle, I tethered my . horse to a projecting hook in ono corner of tho room and started about on a tour of explora tion. There wero eight rooms oh tha ground floor, all- spaoioas arid in ruins. A- broad hall-way bisected the house, at tho far end of whioh n dilapidated stairway led to tho upper story. Xuo rooms on tbo , scoond floor wore in n batter state of preservation, and ono could not help being impressed with tho idea that tho mansion must at oria timo havo'been, a noble pile. Two or thrca of tho rooms con tained odd pieacs of furniture, once rich and costly, ' In oria of tho best furnished looms I determined to, take up my abode for tho night. Bomo shreds, of carpet clung to tho floor, .tho walls were hung with faded tapostry,' and tho glassless windows wero, protected by heavy oaken' shatters, fantastically carved arid brightly polished. A ponderous sdfa, covered with deonying hairolotb, occupied ono earner: of the room. Idraggdditoat to the.firo-place, brushed away tho doBt, started a blazo. on the hearth, and, lighting my pipe, stretched oat at fall length on ' tho sofa, to wondcr'at my strange situation, and marvel, between , the whiffs of smoke, over, the oause ;of tbo ruined grandeur around me. ' ' " ' I have neglected to say that I had had no sleep tho night before, and tho stillness of this old house, brokori only by the patter of tho rain, / arid soughing, of. tho wind among ' tho, trees, ' aotcd on tired nature with soporific effect. A dozen times I sank. into a doze, to- bo aroused by a crash of thunder. Finally, tho storm abated arid tho thuridor died away in angry, and faBt receding growls. Tho flro, burned down -oh tho hearth, and weird shadows oropt into tho corners of tho room. A atrarigo hush foil upon tho house, tho pipe slipped from my grasp and I fell into a pro- found sleep, ' ' ...' . How long I sloptl do not know, but I awoke finally out of a troubled dream, to find tho room brightly illuminated and crowdod with strnnga fantastiq figures. : Fitting- climax to my dream! I started up and stared about mo with wondering eyes. Before! could ox- : press my astonishment one of tho figures ad-' dressed mb, and, in spite of the miifllbd voice arid feigned accent, I thought I recognised the .familiar tones of my oldfriend, Lance Worth- ington. we Tho figure was clad in a long, flowing rojbo of white, whioli shrouded it : from head to loot. : Tbo head-piece of, the mask was piorecd with holes for eyes, nose, and mouth: Tho others wore similarly disguised, i and I' could almost fancy myself at. tha secret meeting of somo knightly order in tho Feudal Ago.- . ' . . "You need not bo. alarmed," said tho shrouded figure : You ore among friorids, oolonol. Wo mean you no harm, and wo. do not intend that you shall do us, any hnrni; You are surrounded. by Hogulatbrs.; If' you are ono of us, mako yourself known..: If not a member of the order, our High Priest will hdminister tho oath of aliegianoo, and soon mako you onb.". "You flood, not dlsguiso your yolco, for 'I rocognlso you," said I, roeayering my self- possession. You am Lanco- " ; . " Stop I" interrupted a dozen voices, and I saw tbo gleam of a dozen pistot barrels under tlio folds of tho win to shrouds., " You. will consult, your own safety and know no one hero," said a tall follow standing at tho foot of tho sofa. - , I saw that his pistel covered ray heart, and wassilont. -' : " You may think this an idle masquerade, but I assure you it is the roveisc," said the figure wliieh I thought Lanca Wortbington. "Wo are Regulators, and hava mot for busi ness." . . "Well?" I interrogated rather tauntingly. .' " Wo porfcetly understand that you are hero by accident, and havo : no intention of spying on our notions. Nevertheless,, sclf- prescrvation is tha first law, of liatrire.: and yon must join ouy order," > J . tyi ' \ « Supposo Jobjeetto auih ,ferco<l .ryu'"1;;,: " Te.'.p i It" ' ' bliip ?" I ventured and' looked about for w , pistols. r ;-K ' '/' 'jThoy'were gonol 'hi' j' "TJio order deals vigorouriy. oll'vhp disobey its commands I", cried a muffled voioo : : . jjjj; in my ear. \ 1 " Xou do not mean— ?" I criGd, : otartinR ' ''/ up.'. V ' . / '.'J u Bo quiet, old' feUow," . interrupted the ;.< ; voice which I recognised as lianco/NVorthing.. ton's. ; J "Iictmoadvisoyou. "This houpoin wludi' ; you luvvo taken shelter is tho som'ctinm ren- :''i dozvous of ono of tho stroiigost. Regulator lodges in tha State.. Wo number 250 mem 1 T bers, and nearly all are present to-night. : Wo '); nro all armed, and your pistols are .in,, our . ' possession. This meeting is accidental, but the. rules of tho order are imperative, and you ; ; must becomd one of us." . ! 41 Suppose I rcIuao7" I said. : " Then you must suffer tlie penalty of co k tempt I " cried tho veiled figuro at the foot < 39 tho the sofa. 1 11 And that?" .$ "Death! "cried a chorus of voices. M Gentlemen," said I, beginning to toko a v" serious view of tho matter, " I am opposed to - 1 vour order and have so czprcssod myself a hundred times. If you force mo to take any oath I shall not consider it binding, for I tako - it under protest." "Ho who is once a Regulator is always a , Regulator," wailed tho tali figure nt the foot of tho sofa. 44 You will never betray the J score ts of tho order." 1 44 Well, then," said I, risfrg to my feet, " sinco lam forced to this thing, go ahead." I "Let tho HighPricstadministcr tho oath ? " ; said the voice in my rear, mid the (all figure at tho foot of tho sofa stepped forward. h 44 Hold up your right hand 1 " commands tho High Priest. VW 1 did so, and slowly repeated tbo oath which |f bound tno to secrecy, which obligated mo in a i hundred different ways, and which oath I f faithfully kept until regularly released. After 9' the ceremony was over, several of tho 0gurcs | ; unmanked apd disclosed old frindn of mine. 1 j I tvas not deceived as to Lance Worthington's I I voice, and ho was the first to congratulate "mo I j as a brother Regulator. !' In tho course of our conversation, ho told M mo that tho ruined house, in which wo wero assembled, was tho sceno of a tcrriblo murder - '' I years ago, and had tho TCputntion of bclntf ' ! taunted by tlio ghost of tho murdered man. It had not been occupied for years, and tho Regulators had taken advantago of tho super- r otitious legends connected with tho pilo and . transformed it into a placo of rendezvous. < They had no fear of interlopers hero. Ho . | told mo that horse and cattle stealing wis soft i common in tbo county, that it was neccssarmj ' ! to organiso some sort of association for pro-w taction. Thoyhad accordingly ' a Vd thomM selves to tho now 14 vigilante1' orusr, vhiciB had been so oacccssful in breaking up crimed and organized themselves, into a lodge pi Regulators. Tho captain of tho lodgo wu ono of the wealthiest young stock:rniscrs in Kentucky, and tho members were5 from tho best families in tho State. ' 44 Wo havo an important and painful duty, to perform to-night," ho said, in conclusion, . "and you can accompany us or' not, as you . choose." A: . I pleaded busiuess, and deuiihed. ' ' ' " I linow what you orb'.oftbr, V: think," ho . .||j said quiokly ; 44 and you will tide with us to-. H night, and— after our business; is over--go (H homo with -me, I will visit you. A man> in H my employ ! has been approaoliodndirectlyby H thopartiesyou ore after, and ho knows enough H of thoir movomcnta to put you on their traOk. irip Ho is an honest fellow, and lids already taken -mo into his conddonoo,; Row, ride with to-night, and I will ridb with ybu tp-xnorrowP night." fc .To.makoa longstoryshorfc,! finally.agrecd to make my first trip as a Regulator, and was provided with a shroud similar to thoso.orn' „ | by the othor mambers' of tho lodgo. '; When I, went down to my horse, I found him similarly fUstrm'Hfifl. rmrVnntiM nnfc'-hftlri.jimilincr nt liia weird and uncanny appearance. j.v, : ' 14 You wilT answer to tlio number two bun- drcd and fifty threol" said the captain of tlo ,%') lodge, as I was mounting; /" Wo; aro' knoiyo only by numbers whon wo aro at work;'1 . > :l Wo rodo in the dkcotion in whlch l hiwUL1 como, four abreast,1 and the long lino of wliitoiv i; i robod spectres,, moving along'.; swiftly Vahd silently, wero onougU to inspive terror in ilia -71 . heart of tho bravest man, had' wo chanced trj R moot, one. during our. foimjey. . . I: lcoriii: | J. afterwards that, had wo met any per6on,'the/ / would havo boon forced to tako the oath; hour possed ih this way; 'and wb wetQ .fostuf . hearing tlio shird, town of tho eouhtyr:;L recol L ; lectbd that I' know nothing of tho object ol- this midnight ride, and : asked iny .right hand companion for information. 44 El— hi " ho .whispered/ "you will see. .Wo are nearly. thcira.V 1 ' To. my dying day I will hot forget tho dual tragedy, enacted that night "by order of Juugo Lynch;! " ' A horrible murdor kad been committed a fow months before in tho cqdnty. Thbjnotivo/adulterous.lust.A'wifoahdlier paramour wcro an:eated, charged with , tho murder of a huabaud and frieud. ' Thoy wora I -intolligont, their social. positioh was a high' - I one, and' wealth ; in ;abundanco was at their I .command. In; spite of /popular indiguation. . I againstthoinurdcrers,aha8trohg circumstan; tial ovidoheo eonneoting them wltli tho orime, \ s it was very probable' that ' the law— whioh is ! ; not always justico—thrbugh somo technicality/ would frco tho . evidently guilty pair,' to; enjoy undisturbed, their Dlbod-stainod.- lust; The case was laid boforo tho Regulators! j and they goyo .it . a fair, and impartial JR trial. ' Every mitigating oiroumstanca in favour ' of . .thoV/fonpcencc of 'the; acoasea . poisons was oarefully considcrpd. Whon' tho, fatal bahot/ was. castht tho olpso of tho invea-'j ; tigatfoh there was ho merciful 44 white bal'? ;; dropped into,, the hoi, and. Judge Lynolf . .. had pronounced sentence of 'death. It . is... needless to/prolong this article by dcscrihmg that iughB, work. ! It is a matter of histoty, ., and tho /verdict of the world,, after tho Erst <- shook of horror/ passed, waa 44 Served them righU" Executions, bh they legal, illegal, or semi-legal, havo! a painful and horrid -similarity. A jail was surrounded' by masked mon, tho. jailer forced at tho; muzzlo of a dozen pistols, t'o givo . up tho kes; a man and woman, whoso hands worc stained with tho , . blood of q fellow-creature, wore aroused from dreams of possiblo. liberty; a confession of guilt was made by both, thoy wcro told of the - fata in'storo for. tiem ;/a fow minutes timor. was given them -. to /preparo . for that final ; amignmont befoiio'tho bar of a, jest God, and in spite of the sobs and prayers for mcroy, and erics and lamentations; ..wore r 41 hanged , . by tho neck until dead.' It was stern and , tcrriblo punishment : 44 A lifo for a life 1 " At tho edge of the town the lodge dispersed, , . the masks and/shrouds wcro ' removed, and v. each foan sought his' homo by tho nearest and most direct road. I aocompaniod my friend Lanco Worthingtoni and wo wero safe irt bed - beforo suhriso. Neither spoke of tho occur- rcnco of tho night, and both trjed to forget it, in sleep, but it was many long days boforo I : could 'drivo away tho haunting faces of those., , two wotohed beings, or, forgot tho agonv of, thoir last frantic appeals for moroy and luo. The next day I possessed myself oHnfor-1 raation whioh ! warranted mo in serving out warrants against threo noted countoifeitcrs..". . before tho noarcst' United. States, Gommisv doner, and tho next night, With thp assistanoo of a posso of my nowly mado brethren, I auo- , ceodod iUp overtaking . thb , 44 crooks,11 , in cap- ; . turinifilieroV materials, maoluncs, dies and.,: PHyfi from t -lodgmtf tliem all « ' / ,, M5- / s \ i ifii 