MINING NOTES. The managers report At an T, Sept 15 -The level north at the MORE, hM been extended 16ft, making a of total distance list. We are now settling, into more favourable country easier to work, and carrying numerous spurs well charged with minerals A lei to German ARP ASTIHOM, Sunday Creek, Sept. 12 - Time extended the main crosscut lift , total from shaft boat, also driven the crosscut east at 120 south of shaft 6ft, total 20ft, as well as the north drive on the new act on the dyke Antimony 4in. thick, and crushing 18in thick Out Friday met a slide, which showed the reef about 3ft to the west. The reef is now on its regular course north, with a good stream of water going g In, which is a good indication of a large body of at me and I have on. tinued the south stopes, which show gold and antimony have fixed the amelia II muff turret, which is now at work on the head blanketings, also to the siphon to work, which will supply me with water to crush 10 or 12 hours a day. Mrs of and machinery in good order AibmiLAbiAN EXTENDED, Sept 21 -Shaft sunk 6ft for the week, total depth 12ft Water gradually falling rIT, is now down to nine 7ft. strokes per minute fair Tin, Mount ITcoiniklrk, Sept 12 -The s s Flictwlut has arrived with five tons of tin from the mire 0 N CONSOLIDATED, Sept. 12 The engine shaft has been sunk 3ft, and a part of the plunger plat has been cut out Ce RMVAI i, Mount Heemskirk, Sept 12 -The Fleet whip arrived safely, and the Storm breaker and portion of waterwheel have been landed without accident. Mr Gardner has gone to Launceston to, take delivery of battery, etc and arrange about He "imprudent The remainder of waterwheel Is in course of shipment per Hcotwirg GREAT NORTHERN, Sept 12 The engine shaft has been sunk 7ft draws the fortnight, making it 62ft. from the surface, and 16 It of That criiiL, put in There) has been a heavy body of water cut that wells up from the bottom of the shaft The 150ft north level has been extended 9ft, making It 173ft from the crosscut There is no chai 20in this level or in the stopes, from which 60 loads have been crushed for a hold of 1702 2dwt of told lists AT DniTAiN, Sept 12 -The plat at 550ft level has been finished, an opening set of timber 10 x 10 put in the crosscut driven lift As a one as the skids are in the sinking of the shift will be resumed The crosscut In the Calulu) lin sh f' has been extended feet A trial crushing from this root was not pay the 50 loads crushed from the Alfred Reef for a yield of 14oz 10dwt told Part of the batteries are employed crushing for the public derision ESTATE Smeaton, Sept 14 (By Telegraph). Went through mouth wash, large boulder 420ft ; Binnie gaol to do) no more since lot ii depth shaft ; no solid reef llAllclIIOlEhS OF ISOBMAMrr, Alexandra, Sept 12 - Continuing crosscut to the east through sandstone! and slate for the fortnight 15ft, out race from shaft 17ft, expect to cut the lucky lode In about 2311 INAroLPC UMTRD, Sept 12 The engine shaft his been set k 7ft, making Ghost from the surface. The Old. South level driven 15ft, total, 212ft At the 400ft the north level has been Onion 10ft , making 20ft from the shaft The South winze has been shot last, making It Gift from the level The western crosscut extended 18ft., total 27ft AtthoJlOft south level driven 6ft , total, 64ft 117 loads crushed from the parts of the mine for a yield of 1198 dirt gold has IiOllTl! BltlTAl-i, Blackwood Sept 12 The directors not being satisfied with the result of the crushing of the stone from the company s ground, for. warded about 50lb weight of quartz in Mio Wins for assay The deputy master has now sent In his report, which is as follows -"A sample of quartz received from Mr T H Lempriere and marked as from the Kew North Brllajp Gold mir hit (company, has been assayed, and found to contain at the rate of-lina gold, 8 1170 troy per ton avoirdupois, Uno silver, 1 078 oz do " Imi liiUDioo, Sept 9 The contractor for Blulfc has completed his contract for sinking The shaft is now 400ft, the solo i loco of opening set la Rue at 39 Jit This will give something over 200ft of backs to operate on in the No 3 shoot of gold, and from 200 to 250 of backs In No 2 e nth and Gray's shoot north. The whole of those tone In Hlnktng has shown gold, and Is charged freely with pyrites Tenders are Invited for cutting chamber and crosscutting the lode in bottom level, also for sinking value, In the mean time, however, the work of driving will proceed by wages men, so as to avoid delay the country is good, and should not take long to cut the stone, expect It about the end of chamber Ino carpenters are j cutting up horseshoe Intern situate shaft for a percussion tal IPI, and Betting foundation logs for tables The Hat wire ropes are on the mine, and Mr Treason will make the necessary shoes and shackles The safety case will also be on the mine to day Ivm llHonsi, Lucknow, N S W The Eonanri, valued at £000, as reported last most, li is arme 1 u Melbourne, and shareholders can inspect it at the council was called prior to ship meat on Mundi) I ext IxOMil BROTHERS HOME Tls.Tn-iraaiua(h> telegraph). Sept 12oz 1, 8, and 4 faces looked t Bt len II I VI to be working two shifts in six weeks, and think output will be over 10 tons per week Son-in Lee Timm., Sept 6 The work of excavation for machinery site is billie carried an Britisher will lAniuthGOWKn, Maldon, Sept 17 -The drive east at 200ft has been extended 50ft during the fortnight, making Wjft from shaft Soft some Icadcrewero cut so owing a little told, but the face la la bluestone again UNITED WHIP AND JERSEY, Sept 12 - fire 530ft north level has been driven and securely timbered 1 16ft, total from crosscut 122ft, the country continues of a very favourable appearance Have finished timbering the casts an engine shaft and by putting In. dams In the crosscut are now enabled to roBUmo sink- ing present depth 40ft The contractor for the erection of the new machinery is now under a penalty Of £2 per day. His contract time having expired The mine manager is very sanguine of profitable results as soon as the new machinery is at work VULCAN, Alexandra, Sept 12 Passed through ground, now In strong ground Hanging wall lion is well defined No dig, but some small makes of quartz on hanging wall showing a few specks of gold A floor now coming In with big help to the south water still coming In heavy Have driven 11ft for fortnight from lEft crosscut Win tor, H mu,, St Arnaud, Sept 12 During the fortnight numerous stoppages have occurred in regu lating the dressing machinery, to work which much experience is required, and before absolutely perfect some slight alterations are needful, and are b ru- made 200 tons quartz has been crushed, J holding about 30 tons fairly cleaned pyrites As soon as the alterations are completed the yield will be doubled, and the dressing more satisfactory The copper plates look well for free gold Drjing house and retort house nearly completed Under ground the dray ca and Stopes look remarkably well The north drive In the clean quartz lode has been extended 24ft W iMiMiLi, inn, Sept 12 The western crosscut at 300ft level has been driven 13ft. total distance, 221 The winzes from the 400ft level has been sunk 12ft and connected with the rlBO At the GOMt ovel -Jolt north from the shaft the crosscut has been driven 6ft and is now stopped as the spurs do not extend further east, and a level has been commenced on the east side of the reef towards the north, but loads taken from this place have been crushed for a yielded 3oz 6dwt of cold ," ..., Millions KIVFRTIN, Sept. 6-9 am still working the face first opened out, but am getting nearer roo River with the intention of working up the river boat. and of carrying the tail-race through it up to my (cow I respect boles I am glad to say that a chance as yet in for the better in my present paddock, an in it continues I hope to be in payable tin in my note P". HOUSE CHUM, Sept 12 The engine shaft has been unkWt during the fortnight, making It 600ft from bo surface and 70ft from the pint, 20ft have also I ten timbered The tributors have crushed 14 Years or a lead of 3oz 16dwt of gold But'"'" mundic have been treated for a yield of 26oz 1W of gold, making a total of 12oz 8dwt. 