The Novelist. COWABEE. AN AUSTRALIAN TALE, BY FOSTER OSBORN. CHAPTER V. (CONTINUED). " Hallo, Sandy," exclaimed papa, as he |met the man, " I'd hardly have known you ; why you look as though you had seen a ghost. Come inside, man." Sandy came into the dining room, and, as he took his seat, he said— " Ye munna laugh, Mr. Leigh, an I look a skeered ; I'm no so sure but the eerie brats do mak theirsels veesible once in a wee," and Sandy cast a longing glance at the whisky bottle. " Try a drop of whisky, Sandy, it will set you up, and then let us hear your story " A weel, I e'en catched a sair fricht, and I ken a wee drap 'ill no hurt me onyway," and saying, Sandy swallowed a good half tumbler of Royal Blend. Placing the tumbler on the table, with an ejaculation between a sigh and a groan, meant for an avowal of satisfaction, Sandy proceeded— " Now, sir, that's real guid whisky, better I never did taste, and ye'll gie me your crack for ten minutes, I'll tell you why I come in so hurrit like. As ye ken weel, my hole is close under the cave i' the mountains, and on Saturday, when I cam' oot o' the ground, I glancit at the cave, and by the kilt of Prince Chairlie, there stood in the mouth of it a black woman wi' lang white hair I was no sure, for it vanished so quick like when I lookit up. I ganged awa' to the hut, but I couldna' sleep that night, the thing worrit me so. So when the Sabbath day cam'—the Lord forgie me for brakin it—I went awa to the cleef to satisfy myself. I could na climb the face o' it so I poked a boot i' the bottom of the gully to find the best way up, an I tummeled on a braw plain track amang the bushes. I followed the track, and it took me roond the corner o' the hill, an then it turn't sharp like on to the ledge. I creepit to the mouth o' the cave ; it's no the sma' cavy that it looks, inside the mouth it opens oot, and I never saw the back o't. Weel, I went in, and, Mr. Leigh, ye wudna belie me, but it's as true as |gospel, an I can take my oath to it :— there lay a great snake as thick round as my bodio, an as lang as this room. That was nowt ; had it been a natral beastie an twa times the size I wud a kilt him ; but lookit, he'd a heid like a pig, and a mane like a horse. Someat movit i' the back o' the cave, an I saw heaps o' human bones lying ; but I thocht the reptile was likely to wake, so I did not stop, but startit loupin and runnin, an I never stoppit till I got here." " Well, papa was very|much puzzled by this story of McGregor's ; but the next day he repeated it to Mr. Chisholm who happened to come from Bunyeep. " Poor old Sandy," exclaimed Mr. Chisholm "he was always subject to fits of insanity : it was merely one of his hallucinations." " And'so the matter was forgotten for along time. About| three years ago, papa sent Peter, who used at that time to work regularly, out to M'Gre- gor's hut to live. And he was also supposed to look after the boundary fence. " One morning Peter galloped up to the station in a state of abject terrorism, and when asked the cause of his fear, he said that ' a black woman with long white hair, and eyes that glared like balls of fire, had crept up and stood in the door- way of his hut on the preceding night.' " Papa laughed at Peter, and tried to banter him out of his conviction ; but it was to no purpose, and to this day, Bully Pete has stood by the truth of his story, declaring that on no consi- deration would he venture alone into the neigh- bourhood of the cave. Now this was why I was so surprised when Peter made his appearance." " A very strange affair," said Percy, " but, of course, there can be no truth in it. I wonder, though, that the cave has never been examined ; curiosity would prompt me to explore such a romantic-looking spot." " The fact is, papa on one occasion had arranged an expedition to the cave, but the project was frustrated in this way. As you can see, the cave is on the other side of the fence and, therefore, on Gumbardna station, which belongs to a Mr. Doyle. This gentleman happened to visit our house at the time of which I speak ; and being informed of the proposed expedition, he seemed displeased at the idea of his property being interfered with. Although he did not say any- thing, his manner was so marked that the inves- tigation was put off." They rode on in silence for a few minutes, and Charley was the first to speak. " I say, Mr. Loyd, suppose you and I explore that cave some of these days ?" " I should like to do so very much, and per- haps an opportunity may offer some time. But what if we meet the snake and that horrid woman, eh ?" " No fear of that ; will you go ?" " I may." " Yes, but I want to be sure ; give me a fair and square promise." " Very well, Charley, I promise," and so, for the present, the subject of the cave was dropped. " What peak is that which stands so high above its neighbours ?'' asked Percy, as they reached the summit of the next hill. " They call it the Hanging Rock. That leaning projection which you see on the right, is a large rock. It hangs over the gully without any appa- rent support, and from it the peak derives its name. " Oh ! Have you over been there ?" " Yes ; we used often to ride there on account of the fine views which are to be had from the peak. Ida was very fond of painting them, but when the bushrangers turned out two years ago we had to go elsewhere for scenery, for they made these ranges their favourite retreat." " And were the bushrangers all taken ?" " No ; two of them were shot about 12 months ago, and the others seem to have disbanded, as they have not been heard of since. There were seven of them in the gang, and the most of them were half- caste blacks. Their leader, a notorious villain, who called himself Red Cap, was one of those shot." The horsemen now descended to the bottom of a deep gully which ran out from the foot of a lofty mountain. To the right of the mountain a beautiful waterfall pitched some 200 feet in the valley. The valley itself was thickly studded with fern trees and blossoming shrubs, whilst on all sides the bosky hills were flecked with sum- mer flowers. The great mountain above the toppled over towards the north, and the skyline of its summit cleft in twain the mid- day sun. It was a beautiful picture, and Percy gazed on it rapt in admiration. As for waterfalls, he had seen the great Niagara at its best ; mountains, he had climbed the monarchs of the Alps and Hi- malaya ; for floral forest splendour, he had traced the shady rivulet twining through Brazilian woods ; but here was a miniature combination of the three, which he had scarcely hoped to find in the unsung, unpictured east. No, not quite unsung ; we have at least one bard who can por- tray in verse the beauties of our sunny clime, one really Australian poet, Henry Kendall. But poets and painters do not flourish in a day. We are a young nation as yet. Hitherto we have been actuated by the more sordid proclivities, for accumulating wealth ; but the time is fast ap- proaching when good estates and certain income will be the portion of Australian heirs ; and then untrammeled by the cares of doubtful heritage, they will fix their aspirations on the nobler end and aims of life, and cultivate the more exalted faculties. We shall have more poets and think- ers ; and where the poet sings the music of the spheres, there will come the painter with his easel to portray in colours what the poets teach in song. Here is the key to the acquirement of that patriotic spirit, without which no nation can be great ; and which is the one thing needful to make the young Australian drop the role of larrikin, and take the name of man. On the following day, Mr. Leigh, Percy, and M'Donald were in the drafting yards. They had just finished drafting a small lot of sheep, Mr Leigh and his overseer were discussing station business, and Percy stood idle a little apart. " I don't see how it can be managed," said Mr. Leigh to his overseer ; " I shall have to go to Albury to meet Miss Leigh. You will have to take delivery of the Brookong ewes, and Mr, Graham will be here to inspect the wethers. They will have to be drafted and counted to him, and there is no one on the place who could be trusted to do it." " Well, sir, I expect Mr. Graham will have either to wait till one of us gets back, or else come over again." " Yes ; but we may lose the sale of the sheep, if he be disappointed this time, and you know in these dry times, we should not miss a chance to sell at a good price." Percy, overhearing this dialogue, rather sur- prised Mr. Leigh by offering to draft and count the wethers for Mr. Graham." " I thought," said Mr. Leigh, "that you were a novice amongst stock. Are you able to do this business properly, because in selling sheep it is important that the count should be correct." " Yes ; I am not a fast counter, but by taking time I can be sure. The fact is, I once wintered in California with a sheep farmer, and used to help him with his flocks. If you give me a de- scription of the earmarks, I shall also be able to draft them." And so things were finally arranged. Next morning Mr. Leigh, having sent four or five men to the drafting yards, with orders to carry out Percy's instructions, started for Albury, expecting to return with his daughter in the course of a week. Amongst these men, of his own free will, came Bully Pete. Percy was not at all pleased to see him. He did not like the appearance of the fellow, whose lazy habits and independent air made him anything but a pleasant man to work with. However, Peter had not been ordered to the yards with the rest of the men, and Percy resolved not to interfere with or control him in any way. After the adjacent paddock had been mustered, and the sheep yarded, Percy set the men in their respective places, and took his own position at the drafting gates. It soon became evident that Peter had come up with the intention of being a nuisance, for he several times interfered with the men, countermanding Percy's orders, and making sarcastic remarks about the "new chum" manager ; laughing loudly, and very much by himself, at his own witticisms, the point of which nobody else seemed able to discover. Finding that his endeavours to bring Percy into ridicule did not succeed, he began to annoy him person- ally. Had Bully Pete known the man he had to deal with he would, probably, have taken Percy's advice, when the latter said— " I don't think I shall require your help, Peter, and, if you can find employment elsewhere I shall be glad." " I shall go away when I please," returned the bully, " and I ain't going to be bossed round by a know-nothing chap as sets himself where hoe ain't fit to be." Peter turned his back on Percy, thereby missing a sight of the steady determined light which beamed from those large grey eyes ; otherwise, he might have been warned that he was treading on dangerous ground. At this juncture, Peter seated himself on the fence directly in front of the drafting race, thus preventing the sheep from running, and effectually stopping the work. This was rather more than Percy could stand. " If you don't leave the yard, Peter, I shall have to throw you over the fence." All the mon looked up astonished, Peter more so than anybody. Here was a man who had been cock-of-the-walk, bruising and bullying every hand on the place for the last three years ; and he was threatened with forcible ejectment over a fence. It was evident that the new chum was ignorant of the other's prowess ; he must be shown that he had made a slight mistake. " Yer'll do what ? you infernal jackaroo," shouted Peter, as he jumped to the ground. " Come on me darlin," dancing round in evident delight at the prospect of a set-to ; "waltz up here, me purty dear, if it's a round or two for a pound or two yer want, I'm yer Moses." The men were surprised, when Percy, after carefully fixing the drafting gates, walked coolly towards the bully without even bringing his hands to a pugilistic poise. " Put up yer props," cried Peter, as he rushed on, and made a terrific lunge at Percy. The latter, however, had fought too many battles to be caught by such a clumsy thrust as that. He leaned quickly back to let the blow pass and then, like a flash of lightning, the right hand came up and struck the bully between the eyes. It was splendid blow, like the spring of a steel trap Percy did not wish for a stand-up fight with the ruffian, so he had resolved, by putting all his might and strength into that one blow, to end the scene. How well he succeeded, the prostrate Peter gave evidence. Had Hepburn Thorpe been present, he would have said, " Good ! splendid hit, but dangerous play, dear boy. Had you missed he must have marked you severely." As it was, Charley leapt over the fence in high glee. He had arrived at the yards just in time to see the finale. " Well done, Mr. Loyd," he cried, "I'm jolly glad. I wish I could fight like you." Percy did not speak to any one, but went up to the senseless man and threw some water on his face. Almost immediately the fellow's eyes opened with a vague, half-conscious expression, and he muttered to himself— " Lightning ! No ! can't have been that ; must a bin a tree ;" and then, suddenly remembering what had happened, he turned over on his side, and sullenly refused any assistance. " Well, lads," said Percy, " we cannot waste any more time," and so Peter was left to his own meditations. After a time he rose and went away. When the drafting was completed, Percy and Charley started for the homestead together, the latter somewhat dull in spirits. " What's the matter, Charley ? you seem out of sorts." " Oh, I'm all right ; only, I was thinking about Peter. I was glad at first that you knocked him down, but I wish now that you had not done so." " Why?" " Well, you had your back towards him when he went away ; but I was watching him, and he gave you such a horrid look, it almost frightened me. I'm sure there was murder in his face, and I be- lieve he will do you an injury when the chance offers." " Don't |fear on my account, Charley ; I have seen a good many of his sort, and there's not much danger to apprehend from them." It was on the sixth day after the events just narrated, that the household of Bundura was thrown into a state of confusion. Percy had completed the delivery of the wethers to Mr. Graham and rode home in the evening. He sta- bled his horse, as usual, and went to the house. He discovered at once that something unusual had taken place, for the servants stood in groups talking eagerly, with serious faces ; and Mrs. Leigh, who invariably sat on the verandah in those close summer evenings, was not to be seen. Percy was turning from the verandah to question the servants as to the cause of their excitement when Mrs. Leigh confronted him from the draw- ing-room. Her face was pale and anxious ; and she trembled obviously, as she said. " Oh, Mr. Loyd, there's been a dreadful acci- dent. I'm sure Mr. Leigh and Ida have been hurt, perhaps killed." She shuddered as she finished the sentence. Ordinarily, Mrs. Leigh addressed Percy with cold dignity and in measured terms ; but her manner was very different this evening. She was terrified and anxious, and she could not hide the feeling. " You know, Mr. Loyd, that the buggy and two horses were sent to Gundai this morning to meet Mr. Leigh ; and about an hour ago the horses came home with the harness broken and hanging loose about them. The buggy must be smashed and—and." Here Mrs. Leigh broke down, and Percy tried to assure her by putting the best face he could on what certainly seemed a very bad prospect. " Things," he said, "might not be as bad as they appeared ; there may not have been anyone in the buggy when the horses bolted ; or they may have been detached for the purpose of wa- tering them, and managed to get free. Has any- one gone in search ?" " Yes ; I sent four men on the road to Gundai ; they have been away three- quarters of an hour." " Then I will saddle my horse again, and follow them," said Percy, and he went forthwith. He did not like the appearance of things, so when his horse was ready, he galloped at great speed towards Gundai. He had proceeded a mile along the road, when he met the men returning and carrying Mr. Leigh on a stretcher. Mr. Leigh was perfectly sensible, but seemed |in great pain. By the side of the stretcher, hand in hand with Charley, there walked a tall and graceful girl, wearing a light waterproof and a sun veil. Percy dismounted by Charley's side, and learned from him the following facts concerning the accident : The descent from that high ground from which Percy had obtained his first view of Bundura is very steep, and on one side of the road there is an embankment sufficiently inclined to overturn any conveyance. When Mungo commenced the descent he had the brake on as usual, but finding that the weight of the buggy required more pressure to hold it back, he strained the shoe with all his force. The arm of the brake snapped off, and the vehicle, thus freed, ran forward on to the haunches of the horses. These horses were a pair of fresh bays, quiet enough as a rule, but, thus frightened, they plunged and feared till Mungo lost all control over them. They dashed over the embankment, upsetting the trap, and throwing the occupants into a stony watercourse. Miss Leigh and Mungo escaped unharmed but Mr. Leigh was severely hurt, though no one could tell what the precise injuries were. This was Charley's account of the accident and as he finished he said : " Ida, this is Mr. Loyd, of whom you have heard before. Mr. Loyd, Miss Leigh." The girl's features were not visible through her veil, and she turned only half round, as she bowed without speaking. Her whole, attention seemed concentrated upon her father. When the house was reached, Mr. Leigh was carried to his own room, and a man was de- spatched to Gundai for the doctor, " I think," said Percy, as he placed the sufferer on his bed, " that you should be examined at once, as there may be some injury requiring im- mediate |attention, and the doctor cannot be ex- pected in less than 10 hours. I have had some little experience in fractures, and know a little of surgery ; if you will allow me, I think I could give you ease." " I feel a terrible pain in my left arm ; I can hardly bear it, and if you can reduce the pain, I shall be, much better." Cutting away the coat and vest, Percy ex- amined the arm, and pronounced it broken. " It is only a simple fracture," he said, " and if you will allow me to set the bone, the pain will be much less ; as you see, the bone is jarring on the flesh." Mr. Leigh hesitated a moment, and then said— " All right, Loyd, I'll trust to your skill ; if it is not done properly the doctor can fix it up when he arrives." Percy was soon in the midst of splints and bandages, and in the course of 15 minutes he had performed the task. Mr. Leigh felt much less pain, and Percy went and sat down to a quiet meal in the dining-room, the others having either finished their repast, or, lacking an appetite, did not care, to join him. Later in the evening Percy asked to see Mr. Leigh once more, and was requested to repair to the invalid's room. The first person whom Percy saw, as he entered was Ida Leigh. He had not seen her face when they met on the road, and as she raised her soft blue eyes to greet him, he started perceptibly, but recovered himself immediately. A momen- tary and puzzled expression on the girl's face, gave place to a pleasant smile as she extended her hand. " I am afraid that I was rude to you this after- noon, Mr. Loyd. I was very anxious on papa's account, and I hope you will pardon my manner- ism on that excuse." Percy took the proffered hand, merely saying that no apology was needed, and the position was very trying for her." Had Ida Leigh been a coquette, this sudden change of manner might have been put down to fickle fancy ; but this idea never entered Percy's mind. There was nothing of caprice in those dreamy eyes and that sensible face. Percy knew that every word she said she meant. No, Ida was no flighty coquette, neither was she one of that more dangerous class—the languid, apathetic beauty, who views every thing and every- body with supreme indifference ; who seems too passionless to court a conquest ; yet, whose chief delight is man within the silken meshes. Give honour to the dashing open coquette—and there is something noble in the woman who can play the part ; she has a good heart when you can reach it—but that cold and supercilious creature who hooks the fish and laughs to see it struggle, may she be condemned to everlasting spinster- hood. Percy approached the body and uncovered the injured arm. " Do you feel a numb sensation below the elbow, Mr. Leigh ?" " Yes ; I was remarking that before you came in." "The bandages are a little tight. I'll loosen them ;" and so saying, with firm but tender touch, Percy unwound and replaced the ligature, to the relief of the patient. " Where did you learn your skill, Mr. Loyd ?" asked the invalid. " Many doctors would have caused me more pain than you have done." " I have only set two broken limbs before, one was that of an Indian, near the Rocky Moun- tains, and the other was that of a very dear friend on the plains of Patagonia. It was that friend who taught me." A half stifled sigh escaped Percy's breast as he thought of Hepburn Thorpe ; but he did not wish to be drawn into a conversation on his past life, so he turned somewhat abruptly to leave the room. As he did so, he caught the dreamy blue eyes fixed on him with a look, half of wonder, half of condolence and Ida Leigh's beautiful face coloured slightly at being thus detected. It was but a flash of the eyes, that glance be- tween them, but it seemed to recall in the mind of each some distant dream. To Ida it was like a shadow of recognition, which passed instantly from her mind ; but to Percy the dream was bet- ter defined. It was not a baseless fabric, but something real, and as he strode from the room, there was in his imagination, the picture of a sultry evening, when a star shot in the sky, and the distant murmur of the city bells broke through the stillness. (TO BE CONTINUED.) A man namod Frederick Lomond was. brought before the Parramatta bench of magistrates last weok, on a chargo of boastiality. Tho ovidonco being intoroprotod to tho prisonor, ho was committod for trial to tho Criminal Court on tho 8th of May. Tho body of ono of tho mon, Jamos Parker Fraser, who mot with his death by drowning on Friday last in Johnson's Bay, was recovorod by tho water polioo on Saturday. On tho following day, tho othor de ceased, Charles Jofforys, was found by sonior-con stablo Martin. Neither of tho bodies prosontod any marks of violonco. On Sunday tho city coronor hold au inquost at tho Obsorvor Tavorn, whon tho particu lars of tho sad accident woro fullv described by Walter Morryment, Charles Struck, and Felix Carroll, who woro present in tho boat whon sho cap sized, and tho two mennaniod woro drowned. Both tho deceased, who woro oinployod ab tho Sugar Works, Pyrmont, wore marriod mon. Fraser has loft a wi ow and ono child, and Jefferys a widow and sevon children unprovided for. Tho ovidonco of BÍX wibnossos (including that of Dr. Eiohlor, who had ex amined tho bodies) having boon taken, tho jury returned a vordict of acoidontally drownod. 