ENGLAND V. VICTORIA. MELBOURNE, Friday Evening. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) The first great match of the season was commenced on the Melbourne ground this morning, when a representative eleven of Vic toria met the Hon. I've Bligh's team of English cricketers. : The* day waa lovely/ and as a half-holiday was proclaimed,'a large con* course of persons witnessed the game, the number being estimated at about 16,000. As the'Hob. Ivo Bligh was unable to play owing tdaspramed wrist,the captainship of the visitors devolved upon Mr-Tylecote, who won the toss from.Mr W. H. Cooper, the Victorian skipper. Winning the toaa meant, as a matter of fact, going in > first, and shortly after 12,' the Victorians took the field, and were greeted with loud cheers by the spectators,' who, how* ever,-were not numerous at that.early hour. Mr G» B. Studd and Barlow, who were the first representatives of Ragland, were op* posed to the bowling of Cooper and Edwards. When a few.runs had'been recorded Cooper bowled Studd oil hie legs by a curly one, the board showing I—l—7. Bates was the next* man, and at once began to make things lively, punishing Cooper very severely,; so much so that a change had to : be effected, Bruce re* lieviog his captain, when the board showed 30. Still the runs came freely, and 40 and 50 soon appeared. Bates was by this time batting brilliantly, having four quartettes to his credit, two being got off Cooper in succession. Another change in the bowling was now deter* mined on, and H'Sbane gave Edwards a spell, while Scott took the ball from Bruce; A separation was now effected, as Bates was well caught by Swift off M'Shaue, the board show ing.showing 2—48—72. Bates played bril liantly for Ilia runs. C. T. Ssudd now joined Barlow, and 80 waa presently. recorded, Studd in meantime hitting grandly to the off chains. Cooper now went on at his old end vice Scott, who had been bowling well, Logan also relieving M'Shane. 90 went up by singles, after which Studd hit Cooper for 3 rather too close to Swift. A few more singles, and then Barlow sent the century up amidst'applause by a rather flaky single off Coopor. . Adjournment for lunch took place shortly after this, the score stand ing at 104, Barlow and Studd having 36 and 15 respectively to their credit. After three quarters of an hour the match was resumed, and runs mounted up rapidly until 130 was .reach, mainly through the instrumentality of Studd, who was batting with great freedom. Edwards relieved Logan, and in Cooper’s next over he clean bowled 'Barlow. 3—44—134. The retiring batsman showed wonderful, defence for his rubs, which were got without the ghost of a chance, A. Q.-Steel joined his college companion but did not last long, for after making 2 be went out to one of Cooper’s, missed it, and was clean bowled. 4—2—138. W. W. Read came and went, being bowled by Edwards, after making a single. 5—1—139 Barnes, the Nottingham professional, followed, and a single brought 140 in view. A brace Studd off Edwards, then Cooper caught and bowled the Nottingham man, the board showing 6—1—142. Mr Tylecote, the English captain, succeeded, and his advent* was greeted by loud,applause. The scoring became very slow, stogies being the order of the day, till Tylecote got one of Cooper’s on the fall, and drove it to the chains.. A single, resulted off Edwards' next over, then Studd drove Cooper brilliantly to the chains, fob lowing this up cutting the next for a triplet. Single to Tylecote, and 160 appe;red Four singles, a brace, and Studd cut Bruce to the chains, sending 170 on the board. Tylecote got Cooper to leg for a quartette, and then Studd gave Kelly a bard chance at point off Cooper, which was refused. Edwards now sent down his fourth successive maiden, after .which a short adjournment for refreshments took place, the score standing at 179. On re suming, M'Shaue took the* ball at the south end, and clean bowled Studd with -his first B—s6 —179. . .Mr Studd played grand cricket and bis runs were made with only one mistake and that after 40 * was reached. Mr. Leslie was next/and 189 .ap peared from a single. Tylecote now.com* monced to score rapidly, and made a brace, a. triplet, and a quartette in rapid; succession, sendingldD up. Cooper now relieved Bruce. Tylecote cut him in slips for triplet, Leslie opening . hia account by a like number for an off drive. Single to Leslie'. 200 went up amidst universal applause. Tylecote how went out to'Cooper and was well stumped by Turner after be had made. 37 by brilliant cricket. 8—37—200 appeared as Mr Vernon left the pavilion. The two bats* men soon settled down .to woik, and tho runs, came rapidly, till 220 appeared, Leslie making.two quartettes and Veinon 1. Logan how relieved M'Sbane, Edwards taking the ball from Cooper at the other end. Runs still came, and 230 appeared after Leslie had added a triplet and a quartette to bis score. Vernon replied by lifting Edwards to the chains for ’4, doing ditto to the same bowler next over. Leslie now skied Scott, who bad relieved M'Shane, to square leg for 2. 250 up. Shortly after this Scott clean bowled Vernon by a beautiful bailer. 9—17—257. Mortey, the last man, joined Leslie, and cut Scott's last lor a brace.. Single to. Leslie sent 260- up. Leslie now drove Scott to the off for 4 and to the on for a' triplet. Another bril liant driveto Leslie off ; M'Shane sent 270 in view. Bruce replaced Scott, and Murley got a single off- him. Two more units, and Bruce clean bowled Motley. All out for 273. Leslie carried out his bat for a bril liant ' innings of 51, not out. After, the wicket bad' -been well rolled, the English took the field at a quarter past 5. The first representatives for Victoria . were Swift and Scott, who were opposed to the bowling of Steel and Barnes. The former, opened to Swift with a maiden, and the latter followed suit. Another maiden'to Steel, and then Scott was unfortunately run out, owing, to his falling while trying to get : back to hia! crease. I—o—o. Edwards was next. After two more maidens were sent down Swift got two singles. Maiden to Barnes, and Swift cut Steel for a brace, Edwards doing ditto to Barnes for a triplet. The young Melbourne crack waa then given out low the next over to Steel, the board showing 2—3—7. Rosser filled the breach, and Swift welcomed him by driving B trees for 1. A brace for a nice cut Rosser off Barnes and 10 went up. Two singles to Swift and Bates replaced. Btrnea. Two more singles, several maidens, and C. T. Studd relieved Steel, Rosser cutting him for 2. ■ Maiden to each bowler, single to Swift, maiden to Studd, then Barlow took the leather from Bates sending down another maiden. After Studd. had sent, down bis second successive maiden the stumps were drawn for the night, the score standing at 16 for two wickets; Swift and Rosser, 8 and 4 respectively, both not out. ALL ENGLAND ELEVEN. First Innings. . Barlow, b Cooper ... ... 44 G. B. Studd, b Cooper ... .... 1 Bates,'o Swift, b M'Shane ~ 43 O. T. Studd, b M'Shauo ... ... 65 Steel, b Cooper... ... ... 2 Rend, b Edwards * ... ... 1 Barnes, c and b Cooper ...* ... 1 Tylecote, et Turner, b Coopor .. 37 Leslie, not out ... „•* ... 53 Vernon, b Scott . . ... ... 17 Morloy, bßruco ... ... i 3 Sundries ... ... ... -2 Total ... . ... ... 273 ; VICTORIAN ELEVEN. , First Innings. . Swift,notout ... ... ... 8 Scott, run out ..; . ... ... 0 • Edwards, 1b w. Steel ... ... 3 Rosser, not out... ...\ ,4 \- Sundries ... ... ... - I Total for 2 wickets ... ... 16 Bowling Analysis—Cooper, 340 halls, 89 run?, 9 maidens. 5 wicket*; Edwards. 112 balls, 39 runs, 12 maidens. I wickot; M'Shane, 100 balls; *37 runs; 12 maidens, 2 wickets; Bruce, 62 balls, 42 runs, 1 maiden, 1; wicket; Scott, .44 balls, 21. runs, .4 maidens, 1 wicket; Logan, 48 balls, 33 runs, 2 maidens; 