Religious Consecration of the Right Rev. Dr. Cani, First Catholic Bishop of Rockhampton. [FROM OUR SPECIAL CORRESPONDENT.] SYDNEY, May 22. On Sunday last an event of very great importance to the Catholic residents of Queensland, and in which an unusual amount of interest has been manifested, took place at St. Mary's pro-Cathedral, Sydney —namely, the consecra tion of the Right Rev. Dr. Cani, who was recently appointed by his Holiness the Pope to.the position of Bishop of the newly-estab lished didoefe of Bockhampton, The conse cration of a Bishop is olid of the' most interest* ing and solemn of the ceremonies t/f tbe Catholic Church, and the whole proceedings at St. Mary's on Sunday were carried out with much solemnity and ecclesiastical grandeur. It was not till half-past 11 that the service com menced, but long before that time the spacious building was filled in every part, and among the large congregation were not a few members of other Churches. St. Mary's wore its brightest aspect, and the sanctuary presented all ornate and brilliant Appearance. The entire sanctuary was artistically draped with bright- Coloured silks and damasks, while the Arohi episcopal throne was covered hy an elegant canopy of white satin. The high altar wsto adorned with Church ornaments and flowers, and as the light through the windows was subdued by the heavy draperies the appear ance of the sanctuary was made the more imposing by that" dim religious light" which heightens the effect and adds so much to the impressi venesa of all Church ceremonies. In the right aisle of the pro-cathedral a chapel was fitted up for the Bishop elect, and on the altar in this chapel there were vases of flowers and lighted tapers. The ecclesiastics who were to take part in the ceremonial assembled at the presbytery about 11 o'clock, and there the con secrating prelate (Archbishop Vaughan), the assistant Bishops, the Bishop elect, and the officiating priests were attired in the proper vestments. Under the direction of the master of ceremonies (the Very Rev. Dean Dwyer) a procession was formed, and after marching through the cathedral grounds the ecclesiastics and acolytes entered the church by the door near the choir. First came the acolytes in their picturesque costumes, preceded by crops and torch bearers; then a number of priests attired in cassocks and surplices, after whom walked their lordships the Right Rev. Dr. Murray (Bishop of Maitland), Right Rev. Dr. Lanigan (Bishop of Goulburn), Right Rev. Dr. Torrcggiani (Bishop of Armidale), and the Bishop elect, and their respective chaplains; then the archiepiscopal cross bearer; next tlpe deacons of the mass and throne; and hut of all the Archbishop and his attendants. As soon as the sacerdotal procession entered the building the choir burst forth in the anthem " Ecce Saccrdos Magnus." As chief celebrant and consecrating prelate Dr. Vaughan was arrayed in full pontificals, mitre on head and crozier in hand, and the attendant deacons wore elegent vestments of white and gold richly ornamented. The Bishop elect wore a magnificent cope and a small black biretta, while the Bishops of Maitland and Goulburn, in addition to copes and mitres of white silk, wore rochets, amices, and stoles. When the procession reached the sanctuary all who had taken part in it were conducted to the places allotted them. Archbishop Vaughan was escorted to his " faldstool" near the High Altar, and the assistant Bishops and Bishop elect were accommodated with seats imme diately in front of him, facing the altar. Dr. Torreggiani, who did not take an active part in the ceremonies, retired to a place prepared for him on the epistle side of the sanctuary. In addition to the Bishops the following clergy men were present:—Very Rev. Dean Sheridan, V. G., assistant priest; Very Rev. Dean Dwyer and Rev. J. Fleming, masters of cere monies j Rev. J. P. Fitzpatrick and Rev. C. F. P. Colhngridgc, deacons of the mass; Rev. J. J. Garvey and Rev. J. M. Garavel, deacons of the throne; Very Rev. Father Dalton, S.J.; Rev. W. J. Kelly, S.J.; Very Rev. Pere Joly, S.M.; Rev. P. J. Malion; Rev. Father Ecuycr, S.M.; Very Rev. Dr. Byrne, of Bathurst; Rev. A. Ambrosoli, and Rev. B. Callachor. Dr. Byrne acted as chaplain to the Bishop of Maitland and Father Ambrosoli as chaplain to the Bishop of (ioulbmn, while Father Cal lachor attended on the Bishop elect. The proceedings were commenced by the assis tant Bishops bringing up the Bishop elect mid presenting him with respect ful obesiances to the Archbishop, after which they resumed their seats. The senior assisting Bishop (Dr. Murray) then said :—•* Most Reverend Father, —Our Holy Mother the Church demands of you to pro mote the priest here present to the office of a Bishop." To tliin the consecrator replied, "Have you the apostolic mandate?" The senior assistant Bishop sniil, "We have," whereupon Pere Joly, S.M., acting as notary to the presiding Bishop, read the mandate. After tiiis somewhat lengthy document had been mid Dr. Cani, kneeling before the con secrating prelate, pronounced the prescribed oath. The Bishop elect, in the words of the oHice, declared that with his whole heart he desired iij everything to act in conformity with tho Holy Scriptures. He also promised to teach by word and by example to the people over whom he was to be set whatever things ho had learned out of the Holy Scriptures. Ho promised also that he would reverently receive, teach, and keep the traditions of the orthodox fathers, and the decretals and constitutions of the holy and apostolic see. Ho likewise pro mised canonical obedience to Pope Leo XIII., as the representative of St. Peter; that he would so order his personal conduct as to avoid all that was evil, and with God's assistance would follow after all that was good; that he would teach and practice the cardinal virtueH; that he would as much as possible avoid secular affairs, and forbear to seek after worldly gain, and that he would practise and teach the virtues of humility and patience; and, lastly, that he would, for the Lord's sake, bo kind to strangers and be pitiful to the poor. After all the questions had been satisfactorily answered, the consecrating prelate said :— " Most beloved brother in Christ, may this thy faith be increased by the Lord until thou shalt come to true and eternal happiness." All in the sanctuary answered " Amen!" and then the Bishop elect was conducted to his chapel, where he divested himself of his cope, and was vested with chasuble and maniple, stole, tunic, dalmatic, pectoral cross, and sandals. Pontifical High Mass was commenced by Archbishop Vaughan and Dr. Cani, and the assistant Bishops at the special altar in the chapel recited the servicecfjthe mass in unison with the consecrating prelate at the High Altar. The epistle and tract being finished, the Bishop q)ect proceeded to the sanctuary, accompanied by Dr. Lanigan and Dr. Murray, when the conaecrator briefly instructed him on the duties of his episcopal office. T)m consecrator then called upon the con gregation to pray for the newly-appointed prelate, that W» episcopate might be for the benefit of the Church, and then followed the Litanies with special sttfirsg.es for the elect. Then the book of Gospels waaf placed on the shoulders of the Bishop elect, and after that the consecrator and assisting Bishops solemnly laid their hands on his head, saying the sacramental words, "Accipe Spiritum Sanctum" (Receive thou the Holy Ghost). The consecrator having, laid aside his mitre, offered up the prayer Propitiare doming, &c;, and so passed on to the Surtum Gorda. The beautiful hymn, "Veni Creator Spitilxu" was subsequently begun by the Archbishop, and completed by the assembled clergy, with Fathers Fitzpatrick and Garavel aa the principal chanters. Whilst the hymn was being rendered the presiding prelate anointedtheheaa of the new Bishop with chrism, saying the duly-appointed words, ™Be thy head anointed and consecrated in the order of high priest by heavenly benediction, in the name of the Father and of the Son and of the Holy Ghost." The hands of the new Bishop were next anointed, and having done that the Consecrator said, "Be these hands anointed with Hooted oil and the chrism of sanctification; as Samuel anointed David to be king and prophet, so be they anointed and consecrated. In the name of God the Father, and of God the Son, and of the Holy Ghost, bearing on them the likeness of the holy cross of our Saviour the Lord Jesus Christ, who redeemed us from death and obtained for us the kingdom of heaven." Prayers were then offered for the elect, at the conclusion of which the consecrator blessed and gave the new Bishop his crozier o. pastoral staff, which was of brightly burnished silver; his episcopal ring, the book of Holy Gospels; and lastly, with the other prelates he greeted him with the fraternal kiss of peace according to the ancient custom of the Catholic Church. When placing the ring on Dr. Cani's finger the consecrator said, ' 'Receive this ring the pledge of affiance, that, being adorned with the token of untainted fidelity, thou mayest guard with honour incorrupt the spouse of God, His Holy Church." On handing him the crozier he said : " Receive this staff of the pastoral office, that in the correction of vice thou mayest employ severity with kindness, and exercise judgment without anger, and that in cherish ing virtue thou mayest soothe the minds of the hearers without neglecting, in thy peacef ulness, the severity of reproof f and on presenting him with the Book of Gospels, " Receive the Gospels, and go forth and preach it to tho people committed to thee, for God is powerful to augment Hi grace to thee, who liveth and reigneth world without end." The newly con secrated Bishop then returned to his chapel, and went on with the mass as far as the offer tory, when he again proceeded to the sanctuary, this time for the purpose of presenting the con secrating prelate with two wax candles, two loaves ol oread, and two miniature casks of wine. Both the loaves and the wine casks were covered with gold and silver, and bore the crests of the new Bishop and the consecrator, as also did the1 candles. After the presentation the Bishop of Rockhampton proceeded to the side of the High Altar, and said and did all that pertained to the pontifical office of the mass, mi unison with the most reverend celebrant. There were special prayers appointed and re cited during the remainder of the service, both in the canon and post communion, and at tho conclusion of the mass the consecrating prelate blessed and placed the mitre on tho head of the consecrated Bishop, and, having conducted him to his scat, placed the crozier in his hand; and then, bowingto the altar, intoned the opening of the Te Deum. Whilst the hymn of joy was being sung by the priests, the Right Rev. Dr. Cani, supported on cither side by one of the assisting Bishops, proceeded round tho church, giving his blessing to the congregation as he passed along. On the return to the sanctuary the consecrating and assisting prelates, without mitres, stood at the Gospel side and tho new Bishop went to the centre of the altar and pronounced the ponti fical benediction. At the blessing the sanc tuary presented a most imposing appearance; the richly-vested prelates and deacons, the number of scarlet-robed acolytes, the assem blage of priests in black and white robes, the handsome draperies, and the High Altai dazzling with lights and flowers, nmdc up a scene never before equalled in those colonies. The musical portion of tho norvice consisted of selections from Haydn's 16th Mass and Van Brre's No. 1. Mrs. Frank Brewer, Mrs. Gilfoylo, Mr. James Hinchy, Mr. J. H. Flynn, and Mr. M. Fitzpatrick, were tho soloists. I Terr Sussmilch conducted, and Mr. Thos. Bunks presided at the organ. On the whole the per formance of the choir was a creditable one. Father William Kelly, S.J., who delivered an address some short time since in St. Stephen's, Brisbane, was tho preacher of tho day, and the sermon was delivered immediately after the Gospel. Taking for his text, tho words—" The Pastor and Bishop of your aoula;" Ist Epistle St. Peter, 2 chap. 25th v., Father Kelly delivered a brilliantly- eloquent aud pro foundcdly interesting discourse on the episcopal office, its origin and meaning, and the duties and responsibilities* of the spiritual pastor to God and to his flock. The office of a Bishop was one of unflagging labour, endless care, and constant watchfulness, and the difficulties and trials were increased when a Bishop was placed in a diocese such as the one to which Dr. Cani had been appointed. The new Bishop had cheerfully entered upon his apostolic labours, and had declared himself ready to sacrifice his health and strength and to lay down his life if necessary for the glory of God and the advance ment of religion. He (Father Kelly) had had the happiness of meeting Dr. Cani on three occasions—first at the council held in Mel bourne, at which Bishops and priests from all parts of Australasia attended, and Dr. Cani, who attended that council as a Doctor of Divinity, as the theologian of his reverend and beloved Bishop, and as the secretary of an im portant religious congregation, displayed great ability in the debates. The second time was on the occasion of a visit to Brisbane, and then he found him engaged on a great work, labouring unceasingly, and with love and self-denial, to bring to, a completion the cathedral of St. Stephen. Dr. Cam spent his days and nights in a mere hovel under the shadow of the temple that was slowly growing and attaining its grand proportions, and he appeared to live only for the cathedral, so great was his zeal and so strong his love for the glory of the House of pod. The third time was when he visited Brisbane to take part in the solemn commemoration service for the late lamented Bishop, and he was then administrator of he diocese. While holding that responsible position, and in the midst of all his cares and troubles, he expressed a hope that he might be fortunate enough to secure the services of a missionary father, in order that ho might travel to the extreme limits of the extensive diocese and cany with him the consolations and blessings of re ligion. He would not in that place make any more than a passing reference to his labours. He had now been placed as the Bishop over large and interesting realms, and he (Father Kelly) asked all present to pray that blessings may descend upon him and fill his heart with joy and consolation, and to unite with the Church in her prayer that the days and the labours of the first Bishop of Bockhampton may be long, and fruitful, and felicitous. The solemn yet brilliant ceremonies were brought to a close with the mutual congratula tions of the newly-consecrated Bishop on his consecration; and the assistant Bishops, pre lates, priests, and acolytes then formed a procession and moved through the church as they had entered, the organist playing an inspiriting march. From the pro-Cathedral the procession proceeded through the grounds to the presbytery, the Archbishop and Dr. Cani blessing the people who gathered around as it passed along. At the presbytery the new Bishop was entertained at a banquet. It was nearly 3 o'clock before the Church ceremonies were finished, but nearly the whole of the congregation remained till the last. During his stay in Sydney the Bishop of Bockhampton has been the guest of Archbishop Vaughan, at St. John's College. 