fltOVCUst; GRIT. A Story of tho post and proscnt; of ordi nary mon and ordinary thinga, in ordi nary langnago, BY DONALD CAMERON. AUTHOR Olr " IS T1IK VOUM OVT11Z BBItPHHT," 44 SltVRRWATHA HBHD," KTC. " Be sure tliy sin will find tlioo out." It is a bcsuliful belief : , That over round our head Are hovering, on angel wings, '. The spirits of tho dead.' CHAPTER XLH.— (CoNTmuEo). ; " Lsdid, Mon of Grit," continued Buna- kuiylthcringly,, " I address them, not the' ?dr>p p".'XP heera). " Once Istood oh this spot was not a briok put up, and spoko pk \Vands. Tlien, I bogan with' '. Miners of Oritk js ; miners, »' diggers ; not a orowd pf half rites, hall couhtmr-juiripers, But they arogona — tho honest,' sturdy, moi of j tho, past; and lam alono'and, deserted';. yJeB flef,' sorted, oven by my own son." '» 1 . 'Ho's rioli enough, to keep you, in brainy,", cried 8omcohe< "Ho kcops himself in champagne," cried 1 Bunakum, " and allow# me to Btarvo." Here several cried, Shame.". . . , . " Never niincl old boy," cried a broker, "lidvo another tumbler.". . . , "We drank it out. of pannikins in the old times," said Bunakum regretfully, as. ho took, I a sip. " But tho old times is gone, is gone " I hero his voico became strangely plaintive, I "and them as made their fortiino sneer at us old pcoplo. You think old Wliito a big,man, don'f yqu? I remember, the , timpAyhen ho was glad, to beg a damper off , rati. I do, and he holds his head mighty ; high now,,. and won't. talk to mo, liia old friend. .Butdoyou know why.lio won't?. . Bccauso.his wifo Jtite d ma a great. deal better tuan alio am mm. , Jock started. Ho had ofton heard dubious' stories about , his father and Mis. White, and had always been puzzled at tho aversion, White folt.for him. Tho mystery appeared, unravelled. "But my own ,son cast, nio off," said Bunakum, bringing all liis old' pathos Jo bear ; . "him as. I reared so gentle, ai.I underwent, privation for. Ah ! men of Grit,, you.' ore slaves to' the vipep. that , cuts into., my -heart, , Jack. Meldon, my son Jock. I.liayo lost my power, or. whon I'd raise the Blirjok pf, freedom as "in. the ojd days, you'd burst ypur 'chains' and b'ecomo frco men. But its all oyer now. I don't belong to you." Ho passed his hands over his eyes as if ho were trying to clear hia vision. . - "No, no, ho saidfathoringly," I don't know' you, and you don't know me., . You'ro strangers, you're not tho men I know.' But they're lioro; yes, I see them, rising on .every side. Old faces crowd around me; there's Joe, there's. Long; Jim, thcrcs' Harry, yes, yca.: Miners of Grit, down with tho man-'who luxuriates in tho camp, the regal tyrant who sits in his sutnmor- I19UB0 while you swelter in, the sun. .Get.away Janet; don't corao for". mo so soon. , I didn't do it, yvomah. I didn't do id. : Go .to Hcotor Macinnisi go t;6 him. ' Miners of Grit, miners of Grit, ,eavc tlio old man— tho flag of ircodom." , Here,, helpless and dizzy, ho tottered, and would have fallen, had hot tho .crowd boon too closely packed. .Jaek at once pushed forward, and told .two. mon ho, know to corry Bunakum. to the Garrypwen, and. obtain the; assistance of.two doctors, for he saw that his father was very ill. Tho words wbieh had dropped from hihi, inspired Jack with an idea that Bunakum knew somctliing of tho terrible event that had taken place years ago. If so, Jack would do all in his power, to worm tho sccrot out. And then his royongo would come. CHAPTER XLHI. Eloven o'clock lmd come, and still ' tho crowd Was greater than over. Flushed. and excited, they hail deserted tho Busy Bco, and woro now, congregated in tho Gnrryowon, every -inch.' of space being filled with tlio maddened crowd. Bosporus Extended con tinued to rise, and no ono appeared to know Xho price they would ultimately command. ObadiahBwoctcomfbrtmovcdabout amongst tlio crowd, apparently buying all kinds of t6ck; but it struck norno of tho shrewdest men in Uio asKcmblngo that there was less difficulty in getting any stock they required thard>.4isual. It was remarked, too, that I'chflitoh's men had nil kinds of shares, and, "though they did not offer any, tho moment l<nrktanskcd for stock, ho was immediately i<g0MwP them, ' " jCJfitoe must have made apretty penny tlus ovenihg," said Jolliboy to Juok, "llo sold tliousaudu upon thousands of shares, if bo's sold ono scrip." " Jack," said William Brown, as tlioy wero having a quiet glass at ono of tho tables, for there was no approaching tho bars, "what do you say if youbogin to soiroht all your stook. Taney tho, enormous 'sum you could realise ?" Jack pondorcd. Ho knew well that if he wore to sell his interests, ho would iiavo a nmgnifioo.nt balance at his bank,. , < "It wouldn't, do," ho. said thoughtfully. ''The market is in such a feverish state that if .they. got tho slightest idea I was selling out shares, would falh to, nothing; > I will do it, howevm't.but.I must ,1m vory cautious :To- mprrow wo wiU begin Uio criisado, and let Aur stook slide quietly.' But if woshow our hand, all will bo .over I will not sell Hesperus Ex- tended, liowcvor,: until I have taught Obadiah and his crowd a lesson." PjWcllf'.V said William, " I will leave every thing in your hands, old friend I must get home now, so that I'll liavo a littlo sleep, for I start for Melbourne to- morrow morning, first thing. O, Jack, you can't tell tho joy I feel at the prospect of meeting tho dear girl from whom I parted so many years ago." !";Ycs I can, William," said Jack, sadly, a moisture qoming into his- oyes; " yes, Leap. Go, William, go, and enjoy all tho happiness your hard struggles havo earned." 1 "I, wish you could bo happy, .too," said William, whoso honest heart sympathised deeply with his friend. " Don't speak of it, don't speak of it," said Jack, hastilv. After shaking his hand, William went away. Jack walked out of tho suffocating crowd, and stood under tho verandah. Tho night had changed. Tlio sky was veiled in clouds ont of which the vivid lightning played, and clap after clap of thunder pealed along tho heavens. Jaek shuddered. It reminded him of the awful night and day when tho tragedy of his lifo had been enacted. Tho trees shook, tho wind toro madly around tho hotel, driving tho dealers in scrip inside. As Jaek was look ing round, his cyos fell upon Obadiah Sweet- comfort. Ho stood at the principal door as if waiting for someone. Presently a cab drovo up, ami out of it camo Snigglo Snickers. A low conversation followed, and then tho two walked inside. " What ovil nro tlicso men li.itchiug?" asked Jaek nf himself ; and ho followed them. Snigglo Snickers, was immediately surrounded by tlio crowd, who inquired liow tlio Hesperus Extended looked ; bat to their questions lie gnvo no answer. Tho crowd thought this stmngo ; but strnugor still npixnrcd Ids conduct. Ho inndo his way at onco to wimo of tlio directors, nnd, before many minutes, Gbadiali mid tiio other directors left tlio room, and jumping Into tlio cab wero hurried away Into tho darkness. " Wliat can lio wrong ?" asked everyone, with blank faces. In a timo of such tremendous excitement the slightest event gave rlso to terror. "Tho reef has not broken up?" asked one. "Homo accident," said another. " What can It bo ?" was Uio general chorus. Just thou tho gaslight was palod by a Hash of extraordinary brilliance, and then followed a peal of thunder that shook tlio building to its founda tion. CHAPTER XLIV. . All selling ami haying ceased at once. Tho awiemblftgn crowded around Jack, cm whom all now ' leaned. For a timo he did not aifsurcr them. ;His mind was too busy with ether thoughts. This acoiio reminded him of tliat temblo rmo when a corouer's inry sat to, enquire into his mother's munlcr. f Tito terror- stricken faces, tho ghnstly 'light of gas and electricity cninblttod, tho nudi anil roar' of tho tempest outside, nil brought back the picture bo indelibly stamped upontds bndri; " It is nothing," lio oxclniiiicd at IsMq "'only Bomo dodgo of tho crew thoy havo put in the Hesperus Extended management. They want to buy ' more nhnrcs, and will resort to somo manu?nvre for that purposo. . If 'you nro .afraid, I will tnko ovcry Hesperus ISxtondcd share In this room," , A fow minutes before thoy would,, in their ! be wilderment autl'fcnr, hdvo sold tho shares to him 'at any prico "almost. . Now, tho momo'nt thoy Itcaril liitn spedU in that way, thoir. natural greed returned, and lliey ht 'ouco named pxtravaghiit prices;'' -' ' . < ' "Th'ora Is somotlflng wrong,-': said ; Pennitoo, who had now-sold out aUiOhadlali'd. stock, and whoso pockets woro distended- with jchoques; and snlo notes. > Somo ono had hotter go out and , sco.?!. , <" . s . .... i/'tlwillgb." said Jack.. . 7 . . Tlio crowu Accompanied him to tho door, but thd ilereo, clcmphtal' tempest drovo them hack, quickly. Tlio ralh' wns descending in torrents,' tho Svlnd wad hollowing and rearing, and lightning aftor lightiiing illumined tho pltcliy darkness. . "Don't go?' said Jolliboy. "Good God 1- tho night is foarfuh. No cabman can drive you out." Tlio drivers wero congregated uudor tho, voraudAh.-.;,) . -v.-r . / ; " Is tlioro a. man hero gamo onough to.drivo mo . to tho Hesperus Extended V" askcu Jack, in a voico casilyheard above tho elemental din.' " Flvo 1 pounds for him l" ' : "I'll 'do It." cried a bold lobkimz follow. " Where's your cab ?" asked Jack. "Hore,'fwns tho reply; and in 0 fow minntes tlio vohiclo was being driven up tho street. . Tho fhorso was a bold and strong animal; but tho terrible dolugo of rain tlint tho wind beat into his oyos, . and tho.incosBant floslios of liquid fire, alnmst: maddened liun. But tho drivor hold tho roins tightly, and, knowing tho road to a stone, I10 guided tho liorso without .flinching. In shper toriror tho animal shot along an if running a raco with death. In less than flfteon minutes tho drivor drew him tip, rocking with foam, .and c quivoring close to tho machinery of tho llcsporuB 1 Extended. But for tho fires which gleamed ruddily into tho darknoss, no ono could havo recog nised tho spot, as tlio terrific atmospliericnl . combgt.drowucd tho clatter of tlio stampers. In' ft fow minutes Jack stood at tho shaft. Obadiah and tho directors were also there, j ."Hal Mr. Mcldon," said Obadiah with a sneer, V hrivo yoii como, too ? Perhaps its as well, for you \- liavo as-great a loss to behr na any of us." ""What do you mean? " (iskod Jack, florcoly. "\Vliy, that the roof lias broken up,"was- tho : cutting reply. t Jack almost gavo a cry, but gulping it down,' ho stared full at tho man. : Obadiah aid not quail. " That's a d — id lio," said Jack. " Go and see, " retorted Obadiah. , . Jack stopped into tho cago, and was soon boyond tho sound 0! tho thunder. Tho transition from tlio rush and roar above to tlio quiet and stillness below, wasstrango. Itseomcd liko going outof tlio weary world into tho grave. , ' Tho captain of tho shift took him nlotig tho drivo, and Jack, taking a candlo, oxamlnod tho reof. There could bo no doubt about it; tho lodo liad broken oft' abruptly, or rathor como to a natural termina tion. Jock was a thorough minor, and a very brief examination sufficed to show lihn tliat tbo Hesperus Extondcil had scon its best days so far as tills reef was concerned. . 7' 1 ' . At tho best, but about four dividonds could bo obtained from it. Jack stood Rtill whon tho awful fact dawned upon his mind. Ho saw at onco tliat ruin,' irropsrablo ruin, was Ids, Tho sliaros would fall to as many ponco as thoy wore, pounds now. His faco grow white, his hamls clenched. . Tills was Obadlah's rovengo. Standing Micro witli tho mon grouped around Itim, tho wholo of his pnt lifo camo back to hint, and ho rcmcmliercd tho Htrango vision ho hnd seen wliou imprisoned in thnfc stony fortress. Then ho realised tho cnonnous fortune that ho hnd lost. , His heart almost stopped; , Everything was lost— gone I . , Not yotl Perhaps ho could porsundo theso iron mon on tho uurfaco to delay, tho pulilleatlon of tho nows until ho could save even a tithoof thofortuno lio had lost. . , 1 Wliat if ihoy had worked M10 reef so as to lead him astray? Again ho examined it in tho hope Mint it had boon tampered with. . ' No I Ho know too much of reefs to cherish tho slightest hope; Then Jack gavo way. With a faint cry ho sank to tho ground. f The miuon dashed somo cold wntcr ovor his faco, and when ho hnd sufficienUy recovered, ho wus put in tho cago and brought to tho BUrfaco. Tim sight of Obadiah and his party, who had gathered ui tlio olllco for slioltcr, infuriated hhn. 1 Ho had gouo clown a strong, liandsomo man ; lio camo up years older, his faco plncliod and gluiBtiy. Oliadinh fairly sniggered with delight. "Poor Mr. Meldon," ho snhl in a harsh and mocking tono 5 " it Is too much for you. But wo all Buffer." ... "It's a lio; a damned lio," cried Jack, aA b8 strength coining- back to him; "you don't hold a share hi tho oorapany. Oh, my God I How I havo boon docoivod." r . Obadiah Bmllod demoniacally. It was vory nearly hi last Bmilo. Jack sprang at h)m llko a tiger, w>4 dealt him ft. blow tliat' laid him i.nlnug Uio groiind na if dead. , Nor would thuro.huvo lieeii luty dnuht in tlio matter hnd not soino brawiiy miners soizod Jack and hold 1dm. r,,r. A tcrriblo flash of lightning revealed tho strange tnblcniix. ' Jack held hack by tho miners, his faco -ablaze with passion; Olwidinh lying white ncorpso on tlio floor, wlillo tho other directors stood by with oslien faces. .. ; - ; . ! . When Olmdiah camo to himself,' ho glared at Jack liko a wild animal, and .Uion burst out into mocking laughter. ' " ; " Good, Mr. Meldon ; this Is not tho first blow I got from you ; but I forgivo you nil, for I've hnd my rovengo. You've lust your fortuuo; you'vo lost Bertha; you'vo lost nil" Tho directors, comprehending Mint all this might oiid in murder, boroiOhadlali awAy, and, putting him into a cab, droro off. Thoy were soon followol by Jack, who had again collapsed. In vain ho tried to. think of noma schomo to snvo pari of liis fortune. Nono presented itself. Tho only hopo was tliat other shares would not depredate to an alarming extent. But, nl'ns, I10 knew what a mining panic ' CHAPTER XLV. - Tlirongh tho, storm atidrain tlio cab drovo on nntll tho lights of tho city wero nppronclicil. Tliou, howovcr, tlio hofso gavo 0110 or two wild plunges; and dropped dead witli oxcitement, over work, arid terror. Jack sprniig oat and walkeil rapidly tlirongh tho blinding mln to tlio Garry Obadiah and his party were there before him. As Jack entered, ouu glatieo snfticud to tell hlra that tho blow Iind been struck. . Every faco was whito with frenzied approliensiun. A rush was mailo at him. "WiU you buy any Hesperus Extended?" asked all In chnrns. Jack hesitated. "I'll sell you 1000 for £10 a share," cried one. " I'll soil you 1000 for £7 10a.,'" said another. " 111 givo you 1000 for £0," war tho offer of a third. Jnck turned nwny dizzy anil cxlianstcd. He was like tho criminal who, after tho lint few strokes, fuels nn more. "Olit Jack," said Jno Jnlfilioy, " this won't do. Olmdiah mid hi lot camo in and told us Uio reef Iind Imikon up. Is it truo ?" " Too tnio, too truo," said Jnck, with a groan. "Then wo'ro mhicd," said Joe. "Wo'vo livcil liko gnvRs)inp;>cni, and now tho winter' rotne, where are wo to find a Itivu where tho l«cs will bo generous enough to givo its n drop of honey nntll the Rtimtnrr cornea again 7 Stock L falling liko leaven. What's to 1>o dono?" Jack said notliing. Ho leaned Against a pillar, and watched tho Htrango panorama that passed before him, Mon rushctl liithcr ami MiiUier hi frantic haste, offering Hhnrut Mint no ono would buy. Tho price fint named rapidly camo down, until stock that bad been offered rtt £5 when ho camo into tho room went tagging for fis. "It's all mnducss," said Jnck.' "To-morrow morning they'll recover their rcumm, nnd stock will rlw again. Rocauso tho Hespenu Extended reef lias given out, ia that any reason other mines are vaIuoIchs ? ThoyTl bo sober to-morrow." . Surveying tho crowd with n look of intenm BfttUfnetion, Mr. Obadiftb Swcctcomfort quietly smoked ft cigar. No nno could tell how proud and happy lio felt as ho reflected Mint ho, of nil theso men, was tho wisest. Ho folt liko tho man in Hcripturo who had built hlshnttso on tho rock, nnd Hitting Mierein nil ' snag with a bright Are burning on tho licnrth, watched all lii neighbor's houses, which woro built 011 tho sand, succumbing to tho flood. Now anil then Ohaliiah would tnko tho cigar out of his month, spit, and enjoy a quiet clmcklo. . CHAPTER XLVI. ; ' Amidst Mm din of voices, tho roar of tho thunder, and thotaatingof tho rain, a tarriblo ncrfcnnvwns hoard. ..All conversation ceased, and> tho crowd ' tlnw at tho door n man nnd a woman, drenched and dishevelled. Jnck at onco haw that tho man was liis fatlior. His oyes'Vvcro starting out of. liis head, his faco' wis flushed, "and tlioro was a wild- ncsB about liis' aspect 'that' romindedi ono of n savngo beast.. - Tbo woman puzzled Iiim for a fow momenta ; but ho soon recognised her ns. Hector's wifo. His. heart boat wiMi,,Btrango' satisfaction. It wns tho only glenm of light that hnd fallen upon him sinco ho hnd hoard his. doom pronounced by Bertha. .' " Soizo , that, woman," cried Obadinh ' Sweot- comfort, who -'was 1 now all attention. " Good heavonsl" snid ho to liiinsolf ; " this Is too much luck altogether. Porliaps tho Fates are preparing something uvil." ; But his cogitations were stopped short. -With nn eldritch screech tho woman disappeared ; and although ,n policeman, who stood near tho door, nindo o frantic cftort to sclzohor, filio was soon out of, his reach.irii tho gloom. , : But Bunftkuni uid hot stir. Glaring on tho crowd ho stood there liko a Imlcful statuo. . " Demons of Grit," lie cricd, in n cracked yet tarriblo voico. "Tho lastyday of judgemont is como.- xou near tho ttranuct;, you sco tlio lignt- ulngt you listen to -tho rain ; but this is not thuudor, it is tho cannon of tho Etcnial 'Artillory that is overthrowing' tho world. These are not lightnings— thoy nro tho dovils tliat havo como in fire to tnko you to judgment. 'Tliatisnot rain— it is tho brimstone that is to destroy tlio world.1 You havo neglected tlio old man ; you havo sneered at him ; and now tho day of- wrntli is at hand 1 Ha i How tho demons laugh and rntUo their chains in mockery, Corao I" . , h ; , Although ovoryono tlioro luiow tho man, yotliis words inspired tho most superstitious awe. As if to c'onflnn liis words a tcrriblo flash of lightning illuminated tho hall, followed by a tremendous clap of thunder that shook tho earth to its foundations. " Grit is fallon," cried tho maniac, in unearthly tones; "Grit, tho Great, is fallon, nnd tho day of vongcanco is at hand. Tlio demons of Drink nnd Gold are hero -to claim their victims, and tako them to ovorlastbig firo I " ' Horo ho becamo as it woro paralysed. His fnco blanched, his eyes started from thoir sockets, and ho put forUt his bands as if to avert something. , "Away I awayl woman,!' ho criod, "I ora not your murderer ; , I uover . toaqhed you. Away, woman! Janet, ask your son. wliy ho has not avenged you. Go to Hector.: Macinnis; call liini to account. -.0,' Godl kcop her' from mo. Hido mo, hldo rao, In tho dcopcat ehnf t of Grit." . . Uttering an awful Bcrcam, ho clapped his hnnds to his oatb, ond nubed out into tho pitchy darkness. :chatter XLvn. '' ! , It wHb some timo before Mio pcoplo,in tlio Gnrry owon rocovorcd tbcmRclvcs ; but tho moment thoy did, they mndii a rush for tlio bar, nnd drank deeply. This wob, it scorned to bo, a night of horrors. , There were two disappointed mon in- tlio crowd, Jack and Obadiah. Jack had thought his father sftfo, but. ovidoutly tlio dolirlum had -come upon him, and ho had escaped. Obadiah know Mint Prudoncowas lost to him that night; but ho hoped ' to sre her captured noxt day. Tho storm at but abated in somo degreo, but tbo oxcitcmont was 'ho great that fow- cared to go to sleep thill night. Obadiah, however, full of satisfied rovengo, went homo to sloop and dream of a yot greater hucccsb, liis bank balanco continually standing out iii lcttera of firo in his droaniB. Morning at last dawned, revealing a crowd of beggared mon, standing round tlio different bare, thoir oyes red witli want of sloop. A beautiful morning it was too. Tho sun roBo in a bright, cloudless sicy— tlio air cleared by tho tempest of tlio night, was sweot and bracing— tlio dew sliono in diamond drops upon tlio grass, and tho birds in tbo woods sang joyfully. Butter thopooploof Gritthoro was no gladness, and heavy tidings reached all other purls' of tho land as soon as tho telegraph wires began to work. Never, in tho hUtoiy of Victorio, bad tlioro been so. terriblo a crash. In every city, groups were, gathered .together discussing tho tcrriblo event. Faces grow dark, as thoughts of mined fortune, lost Iiomcs and happiness, Unshed through troubled minds. It was a day nover to bo forgotten— n day fraught with misery to many and many a human heart. Numbers had been so deceived by tho oxcitement, that Miuy had invested their all In tlio great gambling scrips of Grit. Now the earning of years woro Hcnttcred to tho winds, and thoy would have to relrnco their steps, and bccomo worker again. Almost all Grit woh gathered under tho Busy Too at nn early hour. Tho panio ro- eommcueed, and soon prices fell to nothing. Indeed, no ono would buy anything; if 0110 oft'orcd a sovereign for snlo, ho would only got 10s. (Id. for it, so tcrriblo was tho blow.; Hundreds sought tho Hesporus Extended, but Micro oven greater distress awaited them. Fow failed to remark tho Btrango bohayiour of Snigglo Snickers, who smiled a ghasMy smffo qs visitor after visitor inquired anxiously wliat were tho prospect of tho miuu. : . Jlut oven in hucIi times pqor pplty human nature asserted itself. When, Jack appeared there wn n low murmuring. Tlio Ii'Hser fry almost forgot their HurrowB, hi tlio consoling fact th/it Mio great mini of Grit would soon bo a poor ah themselves. And yet how generous, Mio young man hnd Inmmi. lint Jock hocdodtlicm not. Ho walked straight on to the OlMcnrinl Jlnnk, when) I10 know Iris fato lay. If- Mr. Kcennmn would Hnpimrt him, nil might ynt go well. Seeing wluit Jack lmd dono for hhn, surely in his great hi?ur of tribulation bo would grant xnmoholp. Wlwn Jack entered, ho noticed Mint Obailiuh hail just como out of iha iimnngcr'h room. This looked 111. Keciitimn asked Jack to bo seated, and raid ho would be luck hi a moment. ' On tho ' iablo lay tip OrUhj f fully Trumpet. Jack glanced over it to divert his mind whilo preparing for tlio great battle tbnt wuh to dccldo his fato. Lobkitig at tbo Mclltournc telegraphic ijcwb, to bco if tlicro wns anything in it about Mio imnie, his eyo. anught tho fofiowing paragraphs: — " It woo- rumored iato tlib after- noon that ono of our merchants, onco a wealthy quartz miner at Grit, is on tlio brink of insolvency. 'Tlio liabilities are stated to lw immcnc." " This evening, considerable consternation was caused at Toorak, by a rumor that Mm 'daughter of a wealthy citizen, Mr. White, had" disappeared. Tlio detectives am now 011 tho Rcarch." Jack cbis;ied hi hand. Ho could not think liiriw nil this would end. Hnd Bertha, in despair, committed suicide? . A littlo more, 'and Iris reason would givo away. 1 ' Kuamriu cauio in, and Inking out a largo satehel, i«gan to iuni over bill of cxcliango, now and tlicn glancing furtively at Jack. "It is no nsc beating about tho hush, Mr. Keenmnn," said Jack, at lust, in rliccr desjier ation ; "I have como to ask you to cony mo tlirongh Mil panic." " Impossible," naid Kccunmu, stitlly; "I am telegrnpbcd instructions to draw in all credits at once." And ho showed to Jack a telegram from Mel tannic. Jnck groaned. " How is my account 7" lio nuked. " KvcryUitug ha Itcon drawn out this morning to within a few pound," said Kcemnan. , " Hero's this scrip," sold Jaek, taking out a Irillky Imnk. ' No tlmiik you," snid Kccmuan. " Consider wliat I did for you, Mr. Keenman. I loado your fortune," said Jack despairingly. "I will consider mywlf first," was tho IteartleM rq»ly. "Ah, you want me, June," lio continued, a a clerk enmu to tlio dnnr. " Good morning Mr. Meldon. Bright weather liisn't it, after lost night's stonn ?" Jack looked at tho man iu if lio could liavo Rwalbmul him Micro and then. But the Impcrtnrb- able innungcr returned hlsglaueo witlunit quailing, nnd walked out. Jnck iIoihI on Uio step of tho Olwcurial Bank and looked out into tho city, a Kwrcr man tlum ever ho liad been, with a tcrriblo nd of debt upon trim. Himself ;K:nniIcx( his father mad— hi darling disappeared, perhaps dead— his enemies triumphant, ono rich taynud account, tho other famous — hi mother's wing unavenged. Tho blow was too licavy. Tlio young man fell to tlio pavement insensible. Where was tlut shluiug reef ? CHATTER XLVIJI. " Vctigcanco 1 mlno ; I will repay." Though cloud nnd Htorm, nnd darkness dim Tho years tliat should ta bright; Unfailing trust, and lean on Him Whoso mighty hand brings light. Aud qll tho drapery of woe, Tiiiit veiled our lifo in gloom, Shall vanish in hopo's heavenly glow ; And sin will meet its doom. " 0 1 blessed fact ; to think that God Keeps record nf our tcare, : ' And. that nilliction's.hcavy rod, -,i "Us to Him mora oiulcnn) 5 . .j; , Tlint weary years of grief and pain . . , j ,Aro but tho portals grand, .... ' /That lead to futnro joy and gain, . : And tb tho Happy Land. , ' Thu past, tho Htcmaml solemn pakt, . Witli its ncgusing dyes, ' Looks' out iip6n regret 'and shamo, . And Grief that nover dies; ' < \- Tho cold and cheerless sun of winter wan setting, ' illumining tho western sides wiUi a pale fiuh, liko that which paints tho chook' of a consumptive invalid, who feels lio is only a bunion to Mio world, and doslrcs to ldde himself in tho gravo. Tho few. clouds that, straggled about tho sky, or hovered aimlessly over- tho horizon, wore tinged with, chill, grey, and corpse-like hucs-that nnulo ono shiver. A searching wind was blowing from tlio smith over a dreary" oxpauso of country, deadened by tho ctcmal dingy gum, except where tlio muddy city of Grit and its desolate oxpauso of hare country and unco.utH streets formed a sort of blot. It was a lamlscapo tliat would ninko even a Murk Taplcy feel an inclination towards suicide. That great feature which gives no much life to a sceno, tliat inspires hopo mid speaks of homo and harvest and comfort, 'agriculture, was absent, iind would liavo raiHCd hifthiuids, and wondered now any living toul could Hvo there, and would hurry away as from a laud of starvation. In full accord with Mist dcsnlato scrino aud its surroundings, wns Mio soul of Jnck, ns lio sat on the brow of a lifil that cominaudcd a view of Grit , mid its surroundings — tlio very hill upon which wo. first' made liis acquaintance. Tho hill wns ' ono of tlioso bare saiulstono ridges, covered hero and there with rubbly quartz tliat abound in mlningecutrcs. Close to Jack wan n shaft with tho usual concomitant of lioapB of stouo that lmd been dug or blasted out of tho 'depths, and a small \viml-. lnss that looked as if it \was always expecting 'Bomothiug, and was over disappointed. In the. gully was a humhlo hut, fonncd out of. tin, bark, wood, nnd all sorts of- incongruous material, ami so frail in appearance, that in nil probability tho next ' blast' would blow it away. It added to tho despair tliat tlio wliolo imiuscnpo apitcarcd to' oreato. Tho man who could wiMistand tlio dopre- sing inAuonccs.of earth, and sky .that day would bo' a hopeful mortal; . With -Ills head sunk down almost to his kucoB, Jack was thinking. A panorama was passing tlirongh his .mind Mint shut oht . tho dreary, rent sceno. Ho was much ' altered. His fnco lmd ho- como pinched, and old and careworn, Mio limbs shrunkon, mid a1 thick, uncared-for tanrd, mado him look wild and reckless. Tlioro was littlo in itiux now to remind ub of .tliothoy, or tho man of yore,.- ...... . .1 Thinking I Of what'-? Of tho past. Thantoin army after phantom army of memories filed before jiim in ordorly army, 'mocking nnd accusing, until his /heart in very anghteli almost censed to beat.' From tlicso spcctroB wo' will learn lus history sinco wo saw UimlaBt. ' ' ' Ruin could not havo been mora : complete tlum that wliicli had fallcii npon Jack. Fortuuo had olevated him to an .almost dazzling pinnuclo of success, only to dash liini down to Mio lowest pit of abasement. For a whilo," indeed, Jack hardly re alized his position ; ho thought tlio tido would surely turn. But it did. not, and throo month after the collapsi) Jack Was without a shilling. Thoso few friends who remained constant, hnd themselves become impoverished by tlio general calamity; nnd those who bad weathered tho storm, and wero snfo in tiio nuchorngo of a good tanking account, rcso- Iqtcly closed their ears and their purses. Theso men, indeed, looked upon ovoryono' who hnd fallon, ns tho' victims of thoir own folly. Whon tlioy met Jack thoy would tako him putmnisingly by tho hntul, nnd say, "Well, Jack, you'vo lost a, grout chauco 5 hut you know it' your own fault : if you had not been so cnrelcsH, you would bo a rich man now." It was vain to give them any other reason for id downfall. And when Jack asked thom for4 temporary assistance, thoy shnok thoir beads and drew in their horns, .Diotaphoricnlly, saying that it .was ns much as, thoy could do to tido over, tho disaster. Then tlioy would go amonpt their acquaintances and preach iitaut Jack, in reality oxtolHug thoir own prudence uiul foresight. Tlioro is Phorasaism in worldly, as well as in religious lifo. Grit hnd suffered a terriblo blow, nnd with it thn wholo of tho colony. There wero n fow who liad monoy, nnd still fewer who hnd credit, who had not dabbled In scrip ; consequently when tliat security tacntno worthless, nnd calls heavy, insolvencies followed in quick succession. Men's hearts died within them. Thoy discovered that their gold had bccomo like that in tho fable which turned to abIich of dried loaves, their valuable claims changed to wortlilcss plots of ground, over so ninny yards uwny from tho lino of reef, nnd/ftgrlculturally-Bpeakiug, not fit to grew n head of cabbage. Tho yiohl of gold from Grit decreased with extraordinary sud- uoiincBB, and on every sido there worb propbccios that tho prcciouB motnl would noon fail altogether, > Tills sot all tlio political economists going, and 0110 after another, thoy found out that gold mining was carried -on at loss, nnd that if mutters :did not change, general insolvency would result, and Grit bccomo a wilderness of : trees, apd Melbourno a mined villngo. But tho largo number of thinking men nover wavered .hi their opinion that gold mining was in its infancy, anil that ere long the cloud would bo lifted, and Grit proved to lio richer .Minn over. And, although' beggared, nnd knowing not where to got anoMior meal, Jack wnn ono of these. Ho liad studied tlio past of Grit, nnd was firmly convinced that in it. iKisdrt there was con tained a treasure a thousand fold greater than Iind ever been extracted. But for the present, it was nil n furmicido feast to hhn. It must bo confessed when misfortnnocamo illicit ami fast upon Jack, Ids mind, to a degree, gavo way, and he tacanio reckless, Braking in a baneful lotfic, to forget liis trouble — of courso bo did wong ; but who is to Htnml in jndgnient on tt when wo loso everything that i» worth living for ? C'nn there ta imagined anything mora tcrriblo than a sudden fall from wealth and happiness to poverty and misery ? It 1 like toppling from tho summit of a high mountain, up which wo havo cliintad by weary and tedious steps, into tho slimy ditch nt its foot. Wo viow tho tcrriblo distance, and sigh that wo havo to labor up to tho dazzling eminence anew. Tiio fablo of Sisyphus, ordered to everlastingly roll up tlio mountain a Hteno .which tumbled to tho foot tbo moment it nenred tlio top, iniiHt liavo been suggested to tlio poet by such a fate. And whon .Tuck, soberly and calmly looked into Mto future, it scorned imposgiblo for him to ever regain what ho hnd lost. Ho lmd no monoy, no friend, nnd ho knew only ono way of getting a living, by returning to his old occupation a n miner, to do which, nn was somewhat incapacitated by tlm luxurious and irregular lifo lid liad led. But Micro was a deeper sorrow Minn this. How conbl Im retrieve wluit ho lmd lout — tlio lovo of tluit nitre and beautiful girl, who wns to him more than life itself ? Bho had faded from his vision for over. The paper told hint thu story that Mr. Whito hnd gone insolvent for a very lnrgu amount ; but no ono knew whnt hnd bccomo nf him or Bertha; indeed, tho latter had never been heard of by tlio people of Grit, sinco Mui paragraph liad appeared, stating tliat sbo had deserted her father's home nt Toomk. How could he, without a farthing, find her out? Tiio sanio desolating wave that bad tamo Jack down te> (lio dust luut tiecn qnito n hard 011 William ; and pcrlmint In many regard, bin was a wimo ease, lfo had sent for Mm love of Ids early youth, Emily ; ami Mio very dsy of Mto crash sho Iind arrived in Holnwm's Bay. Iter lover, who luul written to tier Mint lio wn wealthy, mot her when thu great crisis lmd mndu him n poor man. Hot Emily was Aiioblogirl; she hnd waited far him for many long years,' nltliuugh willing to ninny, even nn tlio mean lie then poMcmtcd, and sho would not now turn tack. Ho tlicy went married, and William brought Ids twblo homo to find Mint ho find not as many pcnco a onco ho pnsscxftcd tsiuud. But Mio prescnco of hi noblu siul h.'ftutiful wife strengthened him. When ho married her his fortunes wero wrecked. Ho at onco took a situation ns mining manager, nt a somewhat small salary, nnd, cheered by his devoted wife, ho went to work to build tip n competency for her snko. After all a man never lose I>y marry- ing, if hi partner i a good woman; for sho nerves him up to tasks of which a tarhclnr would not dream, tor ho lias not tlio sanio Incentive. Emily never complained of Mio difference tatwran what sbo wns led to expect ami the reality. Klto tiNik Mio world ns it came, nnd bravely resolved to tight at her liutttaud's sido to the death. Hitch Is Miu true woman. Would wu had moro of theiu I William knew very well Jack's position ; bat tho proud young fellow would not for somo timo ta persuaded to go and stay with liis only truo friend— Mio snlofriomt who remained ns constant whon tho night had fallen and tho storm bad rison ns when Miu sun was shining and tho sky wns unclouded. Jack ;Wiis reduced to thu extremity of sleeping ont in tho park, along which a few months before ho luul driven iu liis liandsomo enrringu. Hnd ho been less honest, less proud, this would not lmvo .happened, for lio could havo saved something from Mm wreck — onough, at least, tocnablohim'tomnko a Btnrt Bomcwhoro clso. But Jnck was honest, -sternly honest, and paid his creditors to tho last shilling lio hgd. But Mint didn't satisfy . Miom. Tlioso wild liad. como off worst, being in nt tlio death, vilified liini to.tboir heart's content, called ' Him swindler, regno, ruflhui, and so forth, and deeply regretted that, owing to tho laws of a foolish, country, thoy cquld not put him on tlio rends. ' At first thoy thought tlint ho liad secreted somo of his wealth ; Mtoy could not taliovo Mint it hud nil been swallowed up but when thoy saw him going about with a ragged contj and dolanl- dated .-hat, and know Mint ho could not get credit for a meal, then Micy rejoiced 111 Musir hearts that vengcauco had overtaken Iiirn, and went to tiicir. churches and thunked God I10 lmd como bo low. , , i Poor Jack ! ' With whnt strhugo company ho be- camo acquainted npw. Ho had to go to tho lowest' restuimiuts and hotels, places where tlio filth of tho town swarmed, there to lay his wonry head ; for I10 hnd 110 money or credit. Ho hardly over moved about lit tlio day timo now. His spirit nnd iiulopendonco appeared to hnvo died within him ; auu lio slunk tip and down tho streets in tho night, afraid to oucoimter tlioso whom I10 know in tatter, days. ' Ho would havo gono to work ns a miner, but ho could got. none ; for tlio first effect of tho crash had been tho stoppigg of a largo numtar of tlio unproductive mines— tho share holders refusing to pay cnllB. So great wns tho pressure that fully 9000 miners found themselves out of work. Can Jack's .humiliation ta dos- crflicd, when I10 wns refused work over and ovor again by .tlio- very men whom ho- hud appointed mining managers? Somo of tliom oxultod over his fall; but many would havo given work- if it woro poHsiblo, which it wa not, ns ovory billot in proiipect was premised months ahead. Hp iind nothing to do except to wander about tho streets and stnrvo, unless ho choso to throw himself upon Willinm, nnd his nature . recoiled At tlmt. So, from day to day ho fell lowor and lower, until at last ho wn compelled to Rlccp, a lonely, oxilo in tho park, aloug with somo otliet poor outcasts. ,i);" . CHAPTER XLIX. j Ono night, cold, hungry, and miscrablo, Jack sat tin tho liill in tlio park Mint' faced tho priucipnl street of .Grit. ' It was Saturday night. Bcncntli, in tlio shadows, walked lovors, convorslng in low tones, . planning Mio-. future which. .was to bo so ploaaont 5 enjoying their fleeting hour .of Uappi- licss, 'regardless of Mio temblo future of pahi tlmt was hi store. ' In the strcot, tho glare of gas lit tip a crowd Mmt was only Mio plmntom of tbo vast arniy' that a fow mouth before moved' and lutd thch- being tlicro. Tlio Busy Bco was tho ghost of itsolf, surrounded by a few Rpcotrnl figures, broken 'down hrokors, insolvent speculators, and monoy-' loss lonfor; Was it all a dream? In tho back ground was outer darkness, snvo tho red light of an ongluo firo gleamed ; nnd iu tho distanco tho mighty monster man had called into taing to help him in. tlio search for gold— that search which was almost fruitless now— groaned, aud puffed nnd snorted. ' Gaziug on tlio sceno, tho tears camo into Jack's oyes, ns tlio memories of tlio past camo crowding into his soul, filling it with agony. Phantoms of tho nnst tlioy woro to him now : days that had passed away— faces cold in death, or lost to him for ovor; eye that met lii lovo — lrnnds that clasped his iu friendship— gono ; all igono— and lio wns alouo 1 Tliat day lio had gono us a lost rcsourco to tho Hesperus Extended, whoro onco ho wns lord supreme, and asked for work. Wliilo ho was talking to Snigglo Snickers, Obadiah Swcctcomfort camo up. Snickors hnd kept up a sort of sneering conversation. with Jack. Tho moment Olmdiuh saw Itim, a demoniacal smilo overspread his faco i ho could not conceal his gleo. Ho wa not afraid of Jnck now, for thu poor follow was too wnn and thiu to givo him a blow as I10 had done iu tho old times. WImt a dlltcrcncotheruwasiu tlio two men now.. Jack wiwa mere scarecrow, while Obadinh lmd absolutely filled ont, niul looked comfortablo ami wealthy. As ltu stood thcro< I10 hnndlcd his mnsslvo watchgunrd, pulled out his heavy chron ometer to look at thu time, awl twirled his fingers so thnt thu valuable diamonds might scintillate In thn faco of his old enemy. Obadiah wns now n great man. Ho had censed to dwell in Grit, and had tatnken himself to Mclbonmo, where ho lived in state, having tacomo a land-owner tlioro ; and lio tadowellto tacomo a tank director nnd share holder in permanent companies, and n great man In tho limd. Ho generally deigned to visit Grit; however, onco n fortnight, and thou Us impecunious Inhabitants waited upon him ns a lord, niul tagged, but iii vain, for loans. Obadinh diil notcaro for tho security tlioy could givo ; lio could invest his mnuoy to a greater ndvantago in tho metropolis. But ho lmd still n fow shares in tho mines, nnd took a very activo interest in tlio welfare of .Grit, attending ovcry. political demonstration most religiously ; for ho Ufid an oyo on; tho constituency, 1 And thought that ho would attain Mio desire of his soul at .tho next election, imd . oust Hector Macinnis. . Only tills was wanted to mnko him tho happiest man in tho world, . Obadinh, howovcr, snid nothing to Jack, Mini .could ta construed into insolcnco or cruolty,. but ho acted in such a way thnt tlio unfortunate man felt as if lfo would sooner havo been thrust' into tho formica and slowly incinerated, Whort Snigglo' Hhickors told him Micro was no prospect' of work, ho tottered awdy ; but Obadiah followed him, am), in his slimy way, hold out a sovereign. ".You may want something, Jack, just for tho, present," ho said. Had death stared Jack iu tho face, ho would not havo taken this giftjso insultingly offered. Ills old spirit returned, and ho felt ns if ho. coutd liavo killed this heartless, relontlcs man. As hownlkcd away, lio heard tho low clmcklo of tlio two wretches who stood watching liiin. Jnck had never seen Maggie sinco the day ho met her nt tho station, being resolved to givo no more cause of offcnco to Bertha. Now, howovor, it seemed to him thnt sho was tho last KUpport ho could lav hold of; so ho mado his way to tiio houso where sho luul lived. Ho was surprised to "sco Htrango ladies sitting under tho verandah sewing. "When ho rang tho tail, n servant cntno out, and lookingat him with all that superciliousness which theso persons assumo towards tlio poor, asked him what 110 wanted. Jack inquired whether Magglo wns in, upon which tho servant tier/ Into a righteous rngo, and asked 1dm bow dare lio inquire about " rich people," Jock humbly replied thnt Mio lady had lived them nuco, and ho luul not known sho Imd shifted. " Woll," snid tho servant, with Mint glcvfuhicsB which clinrnctcriscs pcoplo when im parting luul news, " that Indy,ns you call her, sold this 'ere Iiottso to mv master, nnd cleared out to Mcltaumc," and with a Inngh, sho slammed tho door in lilts face, stating " sho wasn't going to stand there talking to rnbtago nil day." This was a terriblo blow to .lack. Ho wandered niinlcsriv about tho gnljlcs, where, in tlio old times ho nnd Spot, poor Hpot — dead years ago— tended riiecp together, happy as tho day was long. And, when tho night enmo, ho sought tlio l'nrk, and sat there watching thu panorama of (ifu below. Was it to ta wondered at, that under such cir cumstances, Jnck U'gan to ponder whether It wero not tatter to quit this sphere of sin mid suffering, nnd seek refngo in a world tlint conld not ta by any mean worso? Ho Imd contemplated suicido often shirqbia downfall. At night time, and dtiringdnrk days, Mto idea wn ever prcrent, nt time assuming tlio form of a shadowy taing standing nt his sido, and tempting him to rid himself of hi troubled life. But, although Jnck was not religious, although hu had tarn brought up iu darkness, his innturer years luid tarn too busy to (icniiit of self-education in religion matters, he combated Mio Plmntom successfully, not on rrlighm,lmt<m manly ground. After alt ho argued that tbo taking of nno'n lifo wns n cowardly net, and that Mm suicido would deserve and rcccivo a coward's fate, if thcro was such a thing ns another world. Besides, thu hopo over clung to him thnt after all fato hnd a tatter lifo in storo for him ; tliat lie would yet ta lmppy with Bertha. Thnt strnngo vision which liad three Mines visited him, seemed to givo him fresh heart ovcry timo ho thought of It. But thin night tho Phantom was more jKiwcrful than ever. When ho pasted a shaft on hi road down to tho town, Mio Phantom seemed to drag Iiim to thn lirink, anil Mien when looking into tbo depths it whispered to Idm, whnt a happy release it would ta to fling himself down, nml cud all his miseries. Who, said tlio Phantom, spoko of another world? Thoy were fool; there was no other world, and eternal punishment was ft silly bugtanr, only fit to frighten children. Ho tluit would ta frco, should striko tho blow himself. Wliou lio went by tho glistening miniature lake in tho park, whoso mimic waves washed its slippery sides, Mio snmo dreadful Prcsonco was near, and suggested a refugo in its sullen bosom. But tho vision of tho bright Spirit Mint lmd promised him tlio Shining Beef, seemed to hover over tho water, nnd to point to happier days; so ho. passed 011. Now, howovcr, whou sitting hero alonu, cold nnd wretched', tho baleful demon returned with twofold power, aud crowded into his vision tho post until ' ho was ' atiing to desperation. ' How, wlilBporcd tho fiend, could ho over nttniu to tho wealth aiul position thafc had taoti'his? Onlyin tho courso of verymaiiy yenfs, and if thoy ovor returned to him, it would bo whon bo was a liidcous old man, witli nil liis pqworof onjoymont:gono. Was this worth tho pain ond misery that must ta his— hard work, disappointment, perhaps death, No, uo; it would ta tatter to cut tho knot, nnd at onco solvo tho great mystery. Jack roso from Ills' Beat. His mind was at last made up. Ho glanced nt tho great street which lmd seen his rise nnd fall, and bauo it farewell for ever. Tlio phantom of destruction wns before lihn; it gaily guided him 011 in tho direction of n partially filled shaft thnt was in tho Park. Jnck followed it quickly, clenching liis hands firmly, nnd shutting liis tooth, as if to uorvo himself up to tho terriblo deed. Ho pauRcd nt tho brink. An army of dancing demons Hccined to flit about iu tho gloom of tho shaft, beckoning nut of tho dark' water where ft Btar or two were reiloctod. Hodrow in his breath, took ono glance nt, tho sliiuing firmamont ho would sco no moro, and— - : " Hollo, tlioro 1 " cried a strong, manly voice, and a baud was laid unon liis arm : ."what do vou mean ? Why, nnotiicr moment and you'd -havo boon down tlicro beyond tho art of a doctor." Jack put his hand ovor his oyes. It was William Brown who spoko. . : . ' v m. "Good God!"- said William, recognising' his wrotchod friend. "HayoLsaved you, poor Jack I I was coming homo from work,, when I saw n man standing suspiciously near this pld:s1iaft, and laid hold just in timo to savo yom" "I am mad," said Jack. ' > t No doubt, no" doubt/,' Bald William) kindly;, "nnd you hnvo Buft'oreil onough to drivo a 8ntnson mad; ' Why dicln't you como to iiio? Hero I've boon sending and 'senrching for you,; hut you'vo tacomo such an owl, aud.I lmvo bo littlo timo, that I novor droppod across you. Como. Jaak, you. must como liomo with mo, and- you shalliinvo half of wliat I have, ovon It its inylaetBixpqnco., Emily will soon put .you to rights. I'oor., follow! popr Jnck t But don't think I mil interfere with your independence; A fow otliors, nnd I havo fouud what wo tbinlc a good' show 'on .tlio liill, closo to wIicto I.livo, and wo' are tlilnkiiig of 'starting somo ' ono to prospect it.' YouslinU- havo a share, Jack, and you'll work it, wliilo tha othors and I will pav in ; nnd if wo got a goldon reef, tho old' timos will como back again. Eli? Jfick, old' man— dear old man."- ... . f. - . . . t " God bless you, William," said Jack, tbo tenia, gushing from his oyes.' .".You are still tho samo." " Stiff tho'samo; forovcr tho snino," said William. ."Couldlforgot what you htivo bocn'to mo, dear Jack? Camo "along.",. ''/ ' " r ' CHAPTER; x; ' ; ' ' \- Ere tho wcok was taut, Jack was sitting - iii William's. hut, clothod; mid iu his right minu. A co-opcrntivo party was got togotlior, mid Jack bognn to sink 011 tlio ldfl, .Tho shaft was sunk iu a straight lino , with tho Hcsiienis Extended, and, although a cousidorablo distanco from that mine, it was thought by, somo oxjicricnced minors tluit tlioro was a fino show of striking tho Hesperus reef, if it carried bo far; nnd tha gcnornl aspect of tho "countiy," and tho specimens found, Brained to wnrrant tho belief,. Jack led a vorynnJft<$nd reasonably liap;iy lifo for Bomo timo. Ho, found in Ills friend's wifo a uoblo,- intelligent woman, with n licart upon to nil, and ready to whito nwny tlio. dreary hours with fluent conversation. Sho was ever chcorful. Nothing appeared to dmmt her ; and poor ns were thoir menus, tho hut was always tidy mid clean, tho meals woll cooked and pnlntnblo, howovcr plain. A now sunshlno camo into Jack's heart; nnd ho worked very' linrd in tho1 shaft, hoping, praying, Mint ho would striko tho shinning roof tho vision had promised him, if it were only to make thin glorious woman and hi friend wealthy, ns tlioy had deserved to ta, Tho remembrance of Bcrtlm still clung to him ; but every day it was growing fainter' aiiu falutor, niul sho was becoming to Idm liko hi mother— n memory of Mio pant; dear, very dear, but gono for over— a dronin that liad faded with tho rosy light of early lifo. But it wns not long before tho riarkncsri camo ngaiu. Qrit continued to go down; mid sororal of tho shareholders in the co- operativo'comnany lost their employment, and conlu'not pay their trifling calls. Bo, after n while, all relinquished tho claim .oxcopt Jack anil 'William. 'Uio latter' lucomo was very' flriiqll, and it took all Emily's manage ment to mako both ends moot. Besides, tho claim in which Willinm was engaged as mining malinger was not gold-pro'dhqiug, and at any moment It might stop working/. 'Still William 'kopt: 'Jack goiug, and tho . po6r . folltiw did as much work ns two -men, on tlio apparently obs'ouro hono'that lio would striko a rich;rocf./ Bo,.did- Btriko Borcral spurs aud ono,- flat rcef(:b\itl\cro wap npAgohi Iu thorn. ' v . . ; . ' Tho day wo And him sitting on-'tho IflU 4lacoa-< snliitely reviewing his past lifo, lio hnd comb upon a bar of snudstono, so hard tlmt ho doHpalred of . getting tlirongh it with tlio appliances ho 'hnd, especially ns , his powder was exhausted. So ho hnd 'como up out of tho shaft, nnd was thinking whnt to do. Bui hi cogitations afforded no relic!; . and whon , Mip hud hnd sunk behind tho western hills, and tlio gliastly colore of Mio wintry evening had faded into sombre gray, lio walked down to tlio hut. . Tho first, thing lio noticed wns that Emily looked troubled. Ho hnd never scon her . sad before. Under tho moat trying circumstances sho had worn a cheerful face. , / What's tho matter ?" asked Jack. Emily buret into tears. ' "I Iiavo been to tho butchor and grocer to-day," sho said, " and Mioy refused any more credit. 80— so, Jack, there isn't a morsel in tho house." Jack looked at her. Sho had bccomo polo and thin ; and now tho thought struck him that, to ' givo tlioso who wore doing heavy work a good hliaro, alio lmd starved herself, lio felt as if ho conld thcro and then lmvo taken n pistol, if ono wero lmndy, nnd shoot himself through tho head. "But don't tak'o 011, Jack," said tiio good creature, "I'll run to Mrs. Fogarty's nnd get. Homo ; and William will ta ublo to liorrow somo monoy." " No, Euiily," said Jack, " I must go. 1 havo been eating you out of houso and homo. It seems as If I were a etireo wherever I go." " No, No," pleaded Emily ; aud sho took hold of lii hand. At tlmt moment Willinm Appeared at Mio door. His faco war dark and troubled, 'too. Jnck and Emily looked at itim, and despair took possession of them. " I know you ran sco it in my faco," said William, in a husky voice. " It is just ns you think : tlio company stopped work tit-day, 1ictntiso Uio bank camo down and seized tho property. Tlioy owo tlio men a fortnight's wages, and tlioro is no chauco of ever seeing a jtoniiy of it." Kinily sunk into a clinir nnd sobbed. Presently a light camo into her face, 8I10 went to tho lictlrooni, nnd after taing absent -for n fow ininuti, returned. I11 her hnml wo a beautiful lirooch. A fine diamond Reinitiated brilliantly iu tiio firelight. " William, go and pawn this," alio snid. 44 It was iny dear father's present— tho only valuatlo wo lmvo left; but If lio were hero lio wouht forgivo me. ' Go nnd get aomo money tor it, and let Jack aud you givo tlio claim a good trial." " No, no," raid Jnck ; " I must go away ; I will nut hear of Mil." "But you will," snhl William, calmly, " This i our lost resource. Emily has freely given u tho chanco to rctriovo our fortunes, and let no fulso delicacy mako yon throw that clianco away. HIio has done wliat you would, dear Jack, were you in her puritinu," Jack sat down. Ho could not spook. A great mint came over Ills eyes. William kiRsctl his wife, and taking tho jowcl, hurried out into darkness. CHAPTER LI. How evil Is tho world I Wliat vlco'and sin. Are to ta found ill It narrow houso within 1 ' In Fliiidcr's-lanc, Melbourne, are congregated Uiu warehouses of Australia. Immense stucco or bluoatono structures rise on each Rlilo of Mio narrow thoroughfare, forming n bino of almost palatial buildings, adorned withriinwy brass door- plate, on wliich nro engraved tho names of tiio ' mighty Ann who carry 011 business within. - ' " Straight is tho gnto, and narrow is tho way," said n great authority ; but in Mils imtanco tbo aphorism does not apply; tho. street Is straight nnd narrow enough to nil conscience, hut tlio ways of tho merchants nro crooked indeed. . Theso gigantic buildings are tho business places of thoso ' wlio deal in soft goods. . ' Tho warohoUBQ of Click, Clack & Son, is ' ' 0110 of the moRt gigantic of theso 'huildingB1 ' lint,' like; tho goods that'1 are sold within, it -is all sham and pretence; its friezes, nnd comics, and entablatures are simply a hollow Srotenco of stucco. It /is full of. goods and 1 cception ; .employes — effeminate, womoidiko mon . . — flit about, attending to tbo numerous customers .: who are selecting goods. Tlieao omployha, liko all men who are iu tho drapery trtido, or in trades nkiu to it, are too milk and wntcriah to yield as , material. Tho propel placo of man' is tho Held, ' tiio anglue-room, tlio mhio; nnd whon ho takes up tlio duties of a woman, bo is oat of his element. Passing on, we como to Mio workshop, whore a largo numtar of palo, sickly women, very 'wearied in their looks, nro ongnged at tiicir sowing- limehiiica, tho uoiso of which vexes Mio passers-by ; for tho sound of tho Hcwing-nmchino is ono of tho most grating in tiio world. It spenkes of hard tasks; .of littlo mercy. Tlio appcariinco of tlio women in that workroom bore full cvidoneo of thd truth' of thifl, Tho fairer and younger portion . looked fagged and weiiry ; nnd tlio way thoy kopt glancing at tlio clock slioweil tlioy devoutly wisliod six to. striko. Tho older females presented tlio . .. most mlsorablo sjicctaclo. Many of theso womon ' 7 scomcil to lmvo faded for over, to ta replaccd by tho . stony lineaments of despair. Whnt had thoy in proBpect to mnko lifo a desired Ikmui ? A licavy family nt lionie— porhaps a drunken husband tho only future one of work ntid ceaseless effort, to. end nt last in a wretched death; Tlmt was tiio prospect: but perhaps tho mercy of God had ordained tlmt this dreadful lookout was veiled ' from . their oyes by somo dclusivo picture painted ' by: hopo— tho aflcctirtn for a daughter, tho trust thnt n loved sou would chcririi them in tho days when tlioy would bQcouio holpleBS. God has ordered it, tlmt tiio human soul weaves tor itself . . ! somo curtain Mint shuts out tlio misery, and want, tho woo, nml dcutlutlmt nro to'como. Amongst tlio crowd of wearied spiritless workers . wa ono who could not liavo escaped tlio ' noticu of Mm most superficial. Her plain print dross could not conceal tlio correct outlino of her form— tho nameless air of ono who lmd scon tatter days.' . Hot faco was pinched, and moiiMis of caro.bnd . . tlirown a woh of linos across it, still it was ono of . great beauty— not mere, animal boauiy,.bot tlmt . wluch tells of a soul within. ' Tlicro was not a girl 1 in tho workroom who did not know that this woman / was beautiful; but, stmngo to say, no ono hated her. Tlioro was n lovcnbloncss about tlio woman : ' ; an utter ignoranco of heriown beauty,' a truo ' naturalness, and a whuiiug consideration for otliora tlmt nlpiicd hard thoughts in tho hnd. "When a weary soinpstrcss, aged by toil and. sorrow, raised her eyes off Mto monster tluit was dragging her ' down day by day, it wa , only necessary tor her : . to encounter tlio gcntlo face of this comrade,' and rcccivo a smilo, to' tnko a wholo burden off her1. , mind; and io infuse now energy into licrsoal. Few there who had boon in difficulties, could look at this woman without remembering somo kind and thoughtful action that was a talm to thoir hearts. 1 That woman wub Bcrtlm Whito. ; ; It seems superfluous to toll her story, -for tho. render will liavo guessed it. After sho lindfumHy- . rejected Jack, and, at tho tnstauco of :hcr father, . , accepted Hector Macinnis, lifo appeared worthless to lior. Bho knew well onough. who could not ta happy without tho mnn site lmd loved from her childhood. A she took in tho situation in tho loneliness of her clminbor, nnd understood all tlio tcrrore of its surroundings, she Itectimo appalled, Whnt ? join hcreolf to a mnn slio, at tho very least, detested and feared. Sho felt that sho would, bo > '' doing herself a great injustice, and destroying lice . . future lifo. Rather poverty and toil, 'Mian this. In n kind of delirium sho wandered nwny from her' homo, and took refuge in an obscure lodging. .Tho Btorm tlmt had taou hovering ovor Mr.MYliito'n head, burst very soon after that; shortly after his;,/ daughter departed. Olmdiuh Bwcotamntort had :; . taken cqro of that l«foro ho went back to Grit! Nothing, indeed, CQuhl hnvo delayed it. Ilia bills i v .iind been floating about until thoy had conio to ta looked upon as waste paper, and at last a creditor - wlio held /bundles of thorn, took stops to compul- . sorily scqucstrato his estate. Need wo say tlio /, creditor was Mr. Swcotcomfort's creature. Mr. . Wlitto implored, ncctor to savo lura; but, when. < > tlmt gontlcmnu learned that Bcrtlm Imd flown,. her ' ' declared' his inability. Indeed ncctor could'not'/ lmvo tidcil over thu difilculty, lmd ho boon so inclined; it was of too great a niagnittido. Desertcil by Ids daughter, by tho world, 'Mr. White found ' himself a rubied man. Ho could not blnmo lite , child, for lio now saw tliat sho would havo boon.' - - sacrificed tor nought. 80 ho returned to lite houso' ' ' - at Toorak.— Id house no longer — a ponntioss, broken-down man. Tho blow was too iuuch for lum. Ho hnd seen, his wealth, acquired by lmrd ., industry mid yoarri of plodding calculatiou, molt away liko tlio frost on tho window panes 'wlion' tho 1 0 morning sun shine, nnd now there was'im, spirit . . in him. Ho was too old, too helpless, to tagui Mto battlo of lifo aoow, . r-. . j 1, , . (To be continued) ; .V : : 7' v'V : '' ' 