A FILM OF GOSSAMER. A STORY OF THE CHESNUT HARVEST. Wan sets the woof, and Fortune throws the warp. (L'nomo tesse, e la Fortona trama.) —Tuscan Pboverb. The Italian October is a month which knows no half measures. It either brings an unbroken sequence of halcyon days, with clondlese, bine, crystaline atmosphere, and sunshine brilliant yet not burning — weather, in short, scarce to be matched on this side of Paradise — or it ushers in the autumn rains with such uncompromising vigour that it seems as if the sluices of heaven were fairly opened and the universal delnge abont to set in once more. The chances are, however, in favour of the first alternative, and it is then the month of months for a sketching tour among the lower ridges of the Tuscan Apennines, as the hanging chesnut woods which elothe their steeps have by that time exchanged the some what crude monotony of their summer greenery for the warmer and more varied tones of rnsset and amber brought by the fall of the leaf. It is the time set apart for the eheBnut- gathering, the holiday harvest of the year ; and those who, like me, are interested in the rural life of the country, may see it then at its merriest and brightest. From my point of view, artistic teaching would be -very in complete, even though intended for landscape painters exclusively, if it did not direct some attention to the varying moods of man, as well as of nature ; and, paradoxical as it may sound, human sympathy is as necessary in portraying the earth we live upon as limning the features of our fellow-men. I have, therefore, always tried to keep in view the moral, as well as the material, aspects of my subjects, thus endeavouring to avoid the artist's special snare — the temptation to look at things from the outside alone. But here I have wanderbd from the chesnut gathering into my favourite theories on art and artists, although they have nothing to do with my present subject. They led me, however, in my study of nature and human nature, to take up my quarters daring a certain October in one of the loveliest and least known districts of Italy, where the southern slopes of the Apennine dividing the territories of Lucca and Modena command a view of the great marble peaks of Carrara, across the bine distance of Garfagnana Valley. The scenery there derives its most special character from the singular sharpness of the lower heights and ridges ; the steepness of their sides and narrowness of their summits rendering it possible (at the cost of 'some stiff climbing) to cross several in an ordinary day's walk, and giving endless variety to the views from the number of winding valleys and keen crested ridges commanded by every tolerable elevation. Tereglio, the village where I had taken up in; abode, was a striking example of th»> peculiarity, as it occupied so completely the narrow crest of ooe of these razor-backed ridges that the' precipitous sides of the tfro ravines it thus overlooked fell sheer away from the external walls of the houses to a depth of 500 or <500 feet on either side of the narrow street. Thus astride upon the steep, it dominated all the long writhing folds of i v the wooded slopes as far as the blanched and i shattered pinnacles of Canara; but to the 3 north the view was barred by Titanic ramparts of sun-gilt granite, with amethystine shadows conning over their flanks under each fleecy flosk that sailecL across the blue. The sky of Holy was above it — the light of Italy waB upon and aronnd it-and the tinted at mosphere, which every ascent among the Apennines interposes between the spectator and the world below, filled each ravine and valley with its depth of pellucid ultramarine. Yet Tereglio, despite the scenery it commands, is unvisited by tourists — not the least of its advantages in my eyes — and its single narrow street, entered by a gate at each end, is impassable for any wheeled vehicle, except a hand-barrow. An old carriage road did indeed once run past its walls, carried some fifty feet below them, on a ledge artificially cat in the steep ; bat it is now abandoned and impracticable, save for a pedestrian sufficiently sure-footed to cross a deep gully by a Bingle ruinous parapet, which is, in some places, all that remains of the old bridges. This disused thoroughfare — the ancient highway from Modena to the Garfagnana— was my great attraction to the neighbourhood, as it facilitated excursions through some of 4he finest mountain scenery in the world. After scaling the steep of Tereglio, from the level of the water- course below, by a series of sharp zig-zags through the chesnut woods, it continues to ascend, as 1 a cornice on the mountain side, to its ' culminating point, 6,000 feet above the sea ; and after crossing this magnificent pass, called the Foce a Giogo, descends gradually the northern slope of the Apennines to the Emilia at their foot. The greater part of it is still passable for an ass or male, and I was thus able to have my artistic apparatus easily transported to points which would have been otherwise inaccessible to the humble companion of my sketching ex pedition. I had selected for my dwellings substantial farm house just outside the gates, owned by one Vincenzo Contrucci, who, like many of these mountaineers, had emigrated to America early in life, and saved sufficient money to retain at the end of ten or fifteen years and set np as a small proprietor in his native place. His subsequent prosperity was owing partly to his own industry and good conduct, partly to the thrift and cleverness of Sora Nina, his wife, and the result of their combined good qualities was that he was now one of the most thriving farmers in the commune — owning considerable tracts of chesnut woods along the higher steeps, with vineyards and fields of beans and corn farther down. He was a tall, stalwart peaeant, with the broad brow and calm eyes of the Tuscan ox , slow of speech, though by no means dull of understanding, he was a complete oontrast to the quick-witted, sharp tongned little wife, who in minor matters governed him completely. Sora Nina was of lighter com plexion than is common among those hills, and partly for that reason had been reckoned very pretty before she lost her youthful bloom. To an English eye, however, the glowing brunettes of the south are more striking than their paler siSters, whose colour is at best bat a compromise, for the Italian sun robs a fair skin of the delicate trans parency which is its chief charm. The only daughter, Assunta, was married, and living at some little distance ; two sons, Massimo Ferruccio, were gone to America, as their father had done before them ; and there remained at home only the eldest, Leandro, commonly called Andrino, according to the usual Tuscan fashion of inflicting proper names by chopping the beginning and adding on a diminutive at the end. Andrino was a handsome young farmer of three- and- twenty, a perfect fac simile of his father, excepting in so far as the massive proportions of the elder Contrncci were modified in the younger to the lighter symmetry of early manhood. Like Vincenzo, too, he was somewhat slow of ideas and of speech ; hat that he was neither dull nor sullen was proved by the ever-ready smile, quick and bright as a sunbeam, with which he met those who addressed him. The only other permanent member of the family with which I had taken up my abode for the time was a tall, gaunt servant woman, Madd&lena;, a relative of Sora Nina's, who assisted her in the care of the house and poultry yard, besides helping in some of the lighter work of the farm. She scarcely ever spoke, but sometimes evinced her participa tion in what was going onxby a sudden nervous laugh, instantly checked, however, if a reproving glance from Sora Nina happened to travel in her direction. She was the most willing, obliging creature I ever met, and unselfishly devoted to the interests of her employers. But during my stay at Le Cascatelle (as Contrucci's farm was called, from a little rivulet that came leaping down the steep beside the house) its ordinary inmates were reinforced by three extra hands engaged to assist in gathering in the ripe chesnuts as they fell. Those employed in this way are generally yoong girls, whose services for forty, days are repaid, according to the pre vailing form of contract, by a bounty of two sacks of the farini dolce , or chesnut flour, at the end of the term, and their board and lodging during its continuance, while in addition to their light labour by day in the woods, they are expected in the evening to give ' the honsewife the benefit of their in dustry by spinning the hempen thread, which she will afterward weave into stout homespun linen. It is a form of service eagerly sought for and much enjoyed by the girls of the country ; so much so that it is difficult at that season to procure any extra assistance for ordinary honsehold work, and, like the vintage, it has to be looked forward to as a time when all superfluous undertakings have to be postponed for want of hands to assist in them. Two of Bora's hand maids, Bertucsia and Vannina, were handsome, dark-browed, gypsy- looking girls from the neighbourhood, daughters of small proprietors, whose services were not needed at home, and who were glad to come for the holiday month to the masseria Contrucci, not perhaps without a remote hope of establishing themselves there permanently, through the opportunity afforded by daily intercourse for securing the good graces of the handsome young farmer. I must, how- ever, do them the justice 10 say that, if it were so, they did not make it manifest by any unmaidonly overtures, to the object of their aspirations, but behaved throughout, as regarded him, with a dignity that might) s ( sometimes be copied with advantage In higher spheres. Poor little Ginevra had no snob pretensions. She was not even pretty according to the standard of taste prevailing among her equals, for she was slender and undersized, looking, at seventeen, more a child than a woman ; and in point of physique seemed but an insignifioant creature when put into competition with snch specimens of well- developed, vigorous mountain beauty as she was now domiciled with. Worst of all, she was but a contadina , that is to say, her father cultivated another man's land, on the mezztria or half-produce system ; and as in that country the farmers, as a rule, are pro prietors of the soil they till, this inferiority of social standing naturally made her an object of contempt among her better-born associates. I took an interest in her as an old acquain tance, for I had often sketched the Casa Morgante, the half-rninous old villa aban doned by its proprietors to the residence of her father, Lorenzo Giuliani, and had seen the little maiden grow into womanhood under my eyes. I had many a time watched her scutching hemp in front pf the door, whisk ing the long sheaves under the chopper with a dexterous sweep of the arm, or tripping down the moss-grown terrace of the old garden with a pitcher on her head, filled at ' the spout of what had once been a fountain, ' where superannuated, lack-lustre goldfish still swam in the silent basin round the mutilated limbs of dilapidated tritons. I had often seen her, too, standing with her little pink feet in the chilly enrrent of the Lima (for her home was in the valley) helping the laundresses to rinse out the linen in the pnre water of the mountain's stream, and had always known her a model of cheerful in dustry and patience. I was, therefore, glad to find she had such a pleasant chance as the month's employment with the Contruccis. She owed it to Yineenzo's grateful recollection of some service rendered him in his early life by a brother of Lorenzo Giuliani's, who had prospered in America, and for whose sake he had always kept up a friendly interest in the family, despite his wife's disapproval of the intercourse. Sora Nina, who was as proud as though born in the purple, would have wished to keep in the background all recollections connected with the recent origin of her husband's fortune, and to i persuade herself, and others, if possible, that it had come to him by inheritance ; for in these mountain communes, length of tenure of the soil is as great a boast as in English oonnty society. I have said that Ginevra was not even pretty, but I would be more correct to say that she had not been so till now, for she was developing a dainty, wild-rose bloom of her own, a tardy flower of beauty, which had all the added charm of surprise, as it began to flush her pale face with a soft glow of tenderness, and give a new depth and brilliancy to the large grey eyes under their dark brows and lashes. One began to notice then how delicately turned were head and neck and ear under the carelessly knotted kerchief, and when it was thrown aside what a wealth of nut-brown hair lay plaited coil on coil beneath it. She had a voice like a cuckoo, too, and many a passer- fay lingered under her father's garden wall to listen to the nnseen song bird who carolled forth the . tuneful Tuscan melodies among the pome granate treeB aflame with bloom, and Gape jasmines studded with moonlike orbs breath ing incense on the air. I had not been many years domiciled in Casa Contrucci before I discovered that it had another inmate, whose eyes were as little blind as my own to Ginevra's unsuspected attractions. Daring the day, indeed, . I saw little of the. household, who were all scattered to their different vocations, before I came down to my morning repast, and whose mid day meal Ldid not share, as I generally carried mine with me to the scene of my labours for the time being. At sapper, how ever, I sat down to the common table, which was laid in the great farm kitchen in suffi ciently civilised fashion, with coarse but clean homespun damask for cloth and napkins, and with a special dish provided for me by \- Bora Nina's attentive carq. The general fare consisted sometimes of broth and bouilla , with salad of wild lettuce or endive, some times of a great smoking platter of macaroni stewed with onions, or beans cooked with herbs and oil. The invariable finale of the repast, however, was the emptyingon a dish in the centre of the table of a vast pot of boiled chesnuts, to which everyone helped himself, eating them hot from the bask with a little salt, and continuing to do so at intervals throughout the evening. After supper, Maddalena, who had sat down with the rest, cleared the table, and began washing the crockery in a remote corner, while the three girls and Bora Nina, seated in a row at one side of the great blazing hearth, set to work at their spinning, an occupation, how ever, which, by no means, implied silence on their part. The men had their places at the other side, but the farmer generally strolled out to smoke his cigar on the thrashing floor ; while Andrino, after taking a turn or two to , look after the live stock, bnsied himself with some mechanical work, such as repairing quail nets, mending harness, tools, etc., cutting and trimming stakes for the vines, or other useful indoor . tasks. While thus employed, he took little part in the feminine conversation going on at the other side of the fireplace, whistling almost inandibly to him self over his work. I soon began to notice, however, as I, too, came and went about my little preparations for the business of the morrow, that his eyes began to stray most frequently to the corner where Ginevra sat deftly plying her spindle, and sometimes re mained so fixedly turned in that direction that his own fingers forgot to busy themselves with their task. I thought I could see that she, too, on her part was not unconscious of the attention she was attracting, for if the young farmer's eyee rested longer than usual on her face, a warm glow would steal over it, tinging brow and ears and neck, as though she were overshadowed by a roseate cloud. The first Saturday evening there was rather mom bustle than usual, and the circle round the table at supper was increased by the arrival of old Menichina, who had done some errands for Sora Nina in the valley, and was hospitably bidden to Bt-ay the night. She was a well-known character in the district, and was a native of La Cornice, a village standing on & still higher spur of the great Apennine wall than that occupied by Tereglio, forming a most picturesque object as i»en from it against its mountain background. Reared in this fastness, Menichina, despite her seventy years, was as active as a chamoise, and made her livelihood by fetching and carrying among the mountains for ten miles round ; in summer picking the Alpine f raits to sell in the plain, and at other times bringing np threads, tapes, and snch like commodities, to retail among her neighbours at a small profit. In her itinerant way of life she naturally collected all the gossip that was to be gleaned in the countryside, so that her well-known face, wrinkled rather from exposure than from age, was a welcome appa rition in the highland farmhouses, promising a pleasant break in the monotony of existence. Sapper was scarcely over on the present occasion when she began to open her budget. Have yon heard,' she said, when a pause in the business of the table presented a favourable opportunity for introducing her pi&cc; de resistance in the way of gossip. Have yoa heard of the grand wedding that is to be at the mill of the Camajone at Christ mas ? The miller's Ghita is to be married to Sor Matteo's Pierino from beyond the Ponfce della Maddalena, and on my way down she showed me the ear-rings and brooch that the sposo has given her.' At the beginning of this sentence Andrino's eyes had instinctively sought Ginevra's face with an involuntary significance in their glance, and Sora Nina now called out to her in a harsh voice, Ginevra, I wish yon would help Maddalena to clear the table, instead of gaping there like- an nnfledged Bparrow !' Ginevra started and coloured at the stinging rebuke, but rose without a word, and meekly obeyed, while the yonng man's face assnmed a pained expression, and be looked after her with a gaze of wistful tenderness. He soon after left the room, and as he passed her on his way out, said something in a low voice that I could not hear. I went np stairs shortly after, to fetch some canvases that wanted straining, and when I returned all were busily at work, and Meni china, with a handful of chestnuts in her lap, which she munched as she talked, was narrating a thrilling ghost story. 'Tonino di Maso, of our village,' she was saying, ' was about nineteen when his mother, whom he greatly loved, died, leaving him alone in the world. Now, one winter evening soon after, as he returned home in the gloaming, he saw a figure all in white sitting by the hearth, and recognised the spirit of his mother. <He was not afraid, for everyone knows that to see a white soul is a. good omen. He spoke to her, and asked her what she wanted, and she bade him have a mass said, and a pound of tapers burned at the chapel of the Hermitage of St. Anne, in accordance with a vow she had failed to fulfil in her lifetime. He pro mised, and she sparned him that she was leaving him, and that he must beware of looking after her, for she was still a soul in pain, and no mortal could bear the sight without incurring some grievous misfortune. He therefore turned away, and closed his eyes, bnt, hearing a great noise behind him, could not refrain from looking round, when he saw his mother's sonl enveloped in flames, and wrapt away, as it were, in a whirlwind of fire. So great was the shock he received that he sickened, and died within a few days.' I should have died on the spot,' said Tnccia, twisting the yarn with a dextrous turn of her fingers, and variouB exclamations of horror broke from the little gronp. Ginevra had resumed her spinning, but sat silent in her corner, withont joining in the conversa tion. ' And it is true, Menichina,' said Yannina, that the spirits of the Goths, whom the inhabitants of La Cornice massacred in the caves of the cliff opposite, after retaking their fortress, and driving them out, are still heard on stormy nights, wailing and lamenting in the bowels of the mountain?' 'Saints be good to us!' said Menichina, crossing nerself, ' it is not yell to speak of these things, but I have often and often heard them with my own ears. And that is not all ; but whoever, man or beast, passes the spot after nightfall, remains as if stone, and can neither move nor speak till daybreak. The very asses eannot bray, bat remain glued to the spot the whole night through.1 I should like to go there and try what it would feel like,' said the daring Yannina, while Tuccia cried that worlds would not induce her to go near the place ; and I formed a silent wish that, as regarding the braying of asses, so beneficent a spell might be extended to less favoured localities. I, however, breathed no sceptical utterance as to the popular beliefs, and proceeded to contribute my qnota to the entertainment of the com pany by narrating some of the most approved English ghost-stories, which were of a kind unknown to Italian spectrology, if I may be allowed to coin a word for the occasion. When it was time to go to bed, Bora Nina1 desired Maddalena to share her room with Menichina, and the girls, who occnpied the attics, went oat into the open, air to reach the external staircase which alone communicated with them. Ginevra was the last to pass oat, and as she did, Andrino, who n&d; stationed himself near the door, half obstructing the opening, fixed his eyes long and earnestly on her, as she Btood opposite him for a moment. ' Felice notte, Ginevra,' was all he said, bat she crimsoned all over, and looked down for a second or two in indescribable confusion. Then as, if voluntarily, under the influence of some irresistible- compulsion, her eyes were slowly raised until they met his with an instantaneous flash of answering passion in their humid light. She tried to say the commonplace good-night, 'FeUoissima notte, Sof Andrino,' but the words died away in an inarticulate murmur, and with a movement like flight she brushed hastily past him, and ran out into the darkness. I had been the sole witness of this little unspoken drama, which, I knew, according to Italian feeling on suoh matters, had the force of a mutual plighting of troth and con fession of attachment from the understanding it established between the parties. ' Such a mute pledge would be held no less than a distinot verbal promise, and Andrino though he might defer to a more convenient season the formal demand of Ginevra's hand from her parentg, was .as much pledged, in Antina so <»Ued from the dWBR?, inwtdjjbth6 good sduIB wtro Hmtadiii ft Ms own eyesfto prbsecate the courtship thu begun as if he had entered into a solemn set of betrothal. But I foresaw many difficulties in the path of Ihe young couple before their Vows could take effect, for I knew that Sora Nina was as proud mid .ambitious as a Queen mother, and regarded the little contadina much as fiingOophetua's parents might have the beggar-maid. I heard her call after Ginevra on the stairs, to be ready to go with Maddalena to the five o'clock mass at Tereglio in the morning, that she might be hack to assist her with tbe housework during the day. Knowing what I knew, I was not at all surprised that Andrino should select the same hoar for his devotions ; and as I came down in the morning, looked out of a certain staircase window that com manded the road to Tereglio, had no difficulty in identifying the couple who were walking along it, with steps that lagged, so as to pro tract the way as mnch as possible. Maddalena had been in some time, and when poor little Ginevra arrived, all flashed and dewy with happiness, Nina turned on her like a viper. My faith,' she cried ironically, I hope you have not harried yourself. How dare you trifle with me in way, low peasant wench that you are ! I will teach yon your place another time.' Her pale eyes glittered venomously, and she looked as if she could have gladly killed her on tbe spot. Andrino here stepped in from the yard. ' Mother,' he said, yoa mast not scold her, it was my fault. I walked home with her, and the mora was fine — we came slowly.' ' And who gave you leave,' she cried, turn ing on him in a white fury of jealousy and indignation, r to interfere between me and my maids? Are' you master here already, that yon take upon yon to order the household ? As for you, unmaidenly, unmannerly in terloper, I never wished you within my doors, and the sooner — ' 'St — st, wife,' said Yincenzo, who had come in from the yard unobserved, that is enough ; the child meant no harm.' Nina was silenced in a moment, for she knew that the stalwart farmer, who seemed in every day matters the meekest and most amenable of men, was not to be contradicted on any point on which he chose to assert his authority. Ginevra escaped to herown room, and Nina, before starting for church, secured her, as she believed, against holding any com munication with her son in her absence. i have said that the three girls slept up in the attics, on a roomy, rambling floor next the roof, generally only OBed for storage and lumber. In one large room, on a cloth spread on the floor, various fruits and vegetables were spread to dry or ripen ; there were sorb- apples, so tempting to the eye when first gathered in their painted beauty of carmine and gold, but so bitter to the taste until softened to a pnlpy sweetness in semi-decay ; beside bunches of shrivelled grapes lay eorai- red tomatoes, wrinkling as they dried ; pals green gourds were mellowing to a riper tinge ; purple aubergines glowing like dark red wine, and melon seeds piled in little heaps here and there. On the walls were hong all manner of herbs — thyme and marjoram, sweet basil, sage, tansy, and wormwood, which, with bunches of withered camomile flowers, sprigs of lavender and poises of centuary, gentian and .other mountain simples filled the air with a faint aromatic odour of decay. Against the farther wall of this herbarium stood a splendid heirloom, that might have sold in Wardour street for thousands of francs — one of those massive chests of carved oak in which the marriage outfit of the bride is generally stored, and which have remained in some of the good old peasant families for generations. This one was an admirable specimen of Renaissance workmanship, and I had often knelt to admire the high relief of the Baccha nalian procession with which it was adorned like an antique sarcophagus. It was used, I knew, for storing the spare bouse linfen and other supplies not in aetual use. but I had never semi it opened ; and indeed, from the position in which it stood against the wall, it would have been impossible to lift the lid without first push ng it a little aside. Off this lumber-room was tbe little closet now temporarily occupied by Ginevra, while the. other two girls slept in another large attic across the premises. These rooms opened on a loggia , or covered gallery with open arches, overlooking the flagged court or thrashing-floor, and now festooned with bundles of chesnut leaves hung up tq dry. They ate used to wrap the necci, .or cbesnut cakes, when baking, imparting to them a peculiar, smoky flavour, much relished by Tuscan palates, bnt not equally agreeable to foreign taste. An external staircase leading feom this loggia to the one below, and thence to tne ground, was the only mode of across to the attic floor, so that Sora Nina, locking the jj 456 at the head of this staircase, and taking the key in her pocket, believed she haa her prisoner firmly secured agaiiqt all communication with the lower world til her return. j la this, however, she was mistaken, for she bad not been gone more than a few mfnutes wftea, Maddalena having disappeared foto an «oira8e« Andrino's voice frelow, ling softly to Ginevra to come down and Jmw® she replied from above that sht was locked m, it was but the- work of a mEment l<WMt 40 stride the steps at a fome, firing hnrneff .over the little gate, and establisf him- For a long, happj hour . Wevra.VGinevrinajnia !' but after that their conversation was <£rried oain a series low murmurs, until fee in- tima oompetted Afdrino "N"®' inst eooa spough by 010 re- aseboId fioon alter sat doin to fefcT in their ghnday staff wi?£ if??1! new S0® oRark comAlItS h oodered kerchief, he toilet completed a splendid set of massive gold ornaments, earrings, pins for the hat and w bea8 brihand. SdhnlM ma' t00 their stLtaa XaoUdir8' 4 twkhSteeitQiaevra r 8813 ton»4 88 : hia y- Ginevra had ho fii&ry; save ft cleanbojton frock, and her rich hraids o! hair vera her sole ornament. She took her pl&oe; silently, and scarcely tasted anything put before her. In the afternoon all scattered again — Tnocia and Yannina to their respective homes, Sora Nina to vespers and a gossip with friends in Tereglio, Yineenzo and his son to thecal for a game of billiards and a lounge. Ginevra was again left at home, bat at large, and had a visit from her father, Lorenzo Giuliani, who brought her a little bundle of clean things, and carried home her soiled frook and linen for her mother to wash. So Sunday passed, and Monday morning brought its usual routine of work. The chest nut gatherers were off to the woods at break Of day, bnt Sora Nina stayed at home, saying that she had household matters to look afteh I was on the upper loggia , setting some canvases to dry, when she came np with a quick step, holding something under her apron, and, without seeing me, passed into the lumber attio, and thence to Ginevra's little room. She remained some few minutes, and on coming oat (this time with'her hands free) gave a start of surprise at seeing me. Scusi, Signor Pittore (this was my usual title in the honsehold, except from Yineenzo, who, with a reminiscence of his American travel, always addressed me as 4 Mister '), scusi if I have interrupted you, but I thought you had gone out. I had to bring np some of Ginevra's clothes, which she had left strewed about down stairs.' Now, this was a manifest falsehood, for I had seen Ginevra with my own eyes bring up her little bundle without opening it ; but as it seemed a matter of little consequence, I kept my own counsel. My way that morning led me through the Chestnut woods. The path was an enchanted one, sometimes holding the keen crest of the ridge, 'sometimes dipping below it, and in swinging, round it to one side or the other, disclosing alternate glimpses of a vision to rf ,rht and a vision to left — two separate pano ramas, like, but different, while rivalling each other in loveliness. The steep on either hand was clothed with hanging chestnut forest, en livened with busy groupB shouting to one ano ther under the trees, as they picked the plump, shining nuts from the ground, and dropped them into large canvas sacks, which they wore fastened round their waists. The trees, are never shaken, but the chestnuts gathered from day to day as they fall, and the time of the harvest is fixed in each district by pub lic proclamation of the syndic, generally ex tending from Michaelmas, 29th September, to Sts. Simon and Jade, 28th October, but sometimes protracted by special request, if the season be late. During that term proprietors have the right to shoot without mercy any one seen trespassing, a provision which fortunately seems almost a dead letter ; but when it has expired the woods are free to the whole world, and are invaded by ewarms of gleaners, eager to pick np belated chesnnts, which are the lawful prey of the first comer. The same rule applies to those that fall at any time on a carriage road, and the poor have thus a little harvest of their own by the wavside. When I reached Sor Vincenzo's woads, the gathering was actively going on; Ginevra and Andrino were within sight of each other, but holding no communication, while Tuccia and Yannina, on a higher ledge just below the path, were chattering as usual. I am wondering all this time,' the latter was say ing as I came by, ' how Sora Nina will pay off the score she owes La Ginevrina. Sooner , or later she will find the way, for La Nina \ has a tongue which euts and saws the, taglia ' e cuce1). 4 Yon may trust her for that,' said Tnccia ; ' and I, lor one, shall not grudge the sly little , upstart what she gets.' Here she broke off, ; seeing me on the path above. 4 Good morning, girls,' I called oat. . 4 How 1 goes the harvest?' 'Bravely, Signor Pittore. Are you come \to help ?' \ I assented, and spent the next half hour fathering the fallen chesnuts, and making a treat pile for Tnccia and Yannina to put Uto their bags, after which I went my way ibout my own pursuits. "I did not return katil late that evening, when I found that a geat commotion had occurred in Gasa Con- fcpcci. Ginevra was gone, Andrino looked dirk as a thunder- cloud, Yineenzo was per- tirbed and downcast, Nina pale hut trium phant. The three latter left the kitchen afer supper, and the two girls, who were bgsting with the news, told me what had oc&rred.; lora Nina's cherished gold ornaments had, ben stolen out of the great cassettone in the' at hi, and Ginevra was the thief. Yes, I mijht shake my head and look incredulous, butln presence of them all her room had beei searched, and the missing treasure found secreted in her bundle. She had, of course, protested her innocence, and, would I believe it, tfet credulous Andrino, who seemed per fectly infatuated about her, had stepped forwVd declaring his unshaken faith in her, and is determination to make her his wife, even hough bis parents should refuse their consat, and he be compelled to go to Amerfca like his brothers. But Ginevra (still, no dojbt, playing injured innocence) thanked him, adeed, for his belief iu her, but reso lutelyl refused his offer, and declared that nothir$ would induce her to marry him while inch a slur remained on her character, of wM©, she doubted not, Providence, in its own gojd time, would clear her. Then her fortitucb had given way, and with the single exclamation 'Ladra!9 she covered her face with her apron and fanrst into a storm of sobs. She had refused to let auy one accom pany hff home, and started with her little bundle alone in the twilight. The last word they heard her say was, ' Poor Babbo ! but he will believe me at least !' Such was the story told me in breathless excitement by the two girls, whose spinning that evening added but little to Nina's hanks of yarn. I was still turning it over in my mi lid, side by side with certain doubts of my own, when Andrino came in from the court, cud touched me on the shoulder, saying, ' Signor Pittore, I pray you to come out with me a moment ; I want to speak with you.' I followed him, and when we were both out dde in the twilight he began abruptly : f Yc j know what has happened, but surely you do not believe she did it ?' 4 1 do not know, Andrino,' I replied, for I could not broach to liim the vague suspicions floating through my mind. 4 Appearances ar- against tier, but IstM hopetoetlirag maybel bleared np.' > ''? | VI would hot believe it, ' be exclaimed pas sionately, J though all the world swore to it J I My little Ginevra is as white as a dove.' X could ay but little to comfort, the poor young fellow, and could only remain with him in 1 silent oompapionship, listening to his hopes 1 and fears. 1 In trash, my own mind was mnoh disturbed, and I Blept but little that night. I had a I great regard for the girl, whom I had known from her childhood, and I grieved to think of I the forlorn figure she must have presented, 1 with her slender bundle, flying like a soared, 1 hunted creature through the twilight, and I reaching the poor home, whose inmates had I no boast save their good name. I had an j innate conviction of her innocence, but could 1 not see my way to establishing it. I alone j knew of Nina's secret visit to her room that | day, carrying something carefully concealed I from view, and of the glib falsehood with I which she had acopunted for her presence J there ; but these circumstances, however | strong a presumption of foal play they might afford to me who had witnessed them, would not be eqnally convincing to others, and I knew Nina's obstinate pride sufficiently well to be convinced that tortures would not wring a confession f rem her lips. At break of day Lorenzo Giuliani arrived at the farm, haggard, wild, the picture of woe. Yincqpzo poured Out a tumbler of wine for j him, and he gulped it down before his parched lips could frame a word. This is sad news,' he then said, ' about my little girl. She has always been the best of little girls to me, and as sweet and open as the day ; i3 it likely she should take a crooked turn all of a sudden ?' I would giye half my crops this year, Lorenzo, that it had not happened,' said the farmer, 4 and I would gladly give my best wheat-field this moment to see it cleared up.' 4 What is there to clear np ?' said Nina sharply, from the fire where she was busy cooking. 4 There is no use crying over spilt milk, Lorenzo. The girl is no worse than j other girls, who can never resist the sight of jewellery. It will be a lesson to me to lock up my handsome ornaments for the future when I have a contadina about the house.' ' As for that, Sora Nina,' said Lorenzo, 'can yon tell me how she oould expect to wear such things without being asked how she came by them, or of what use to ey% would be to a girl like her ? And it is not the first time, nor jet the second, that she has been in houses where gold and silver, ay, and jewels too, were to be seen in plenty, and those that trusted her never found cause to repent it.' ' There is no use in talking about it any more, Lorenzo,' said she, and yon may thank your stars that it has passed over so quietly.' ' But I will talk about it,' said Lorenzo, his temper now fully roused by her contemptuous manner, 'and hear how it happened, too.' ' Then hear bom others, not from me,' she said, flouncing out of the kitchen in a rage ; ' I wash my hands of it and you.' ' Come, Lorenzo,' sqid the farmer, 4 and I will show yon where it occurred, and answer rVipprfnll as mnnv anestions as von like.' — # — — — — — — » w — — - i Nina's story was aooordingly repeated to him as we went upBtairs ; how she had pat 1 the ornaments on Sunday night in the great oaken chest outside Ginevra's room, and going to it on Monday morning found them gone. j 4 There it is, said Yineenzo, pointing to the massive sarcophagus, before which the I despairing hither knelt down, while the j farmer, his son, the two girls, and I, looked j on, some in sympathy, some in cariosity. I Suddenly we heard a rapturous exclamation I from him, and thonght the poor man's senses had given way under his misfortune. j 4 Praise -be to Providenee and all the saints! 1 My little. girl is eleared !' Then Btaggering to his feet with a sudden I joy illuminating his haggard, unshaven face, he pointed his forefinger to the chest and! turned to us all. 4 Look at it,' he said, 4 but j do not touch it. Let all tbejrorld see it. Oh, 1 blessed ereature of the good Creator, not one of your kind shall ever be harmed by me j again, and I swear to cherish' yon heneefor- 1 ward as one of my own kith and kin !' I We looked where he pointed,, and there, I from the overhanging corniee of the lid bf the j great chest to one of the curved pilasters at its corner, was expanded, in untouched filmy I perfection, a venerable spider's web 1 No other proof was needed of the falsity of J Nina's story, for Solomon's seal itself could as little have been broken and restored since yesterday morn as that fine, frail tissue of gossamer. I now took the farmer aside and told him gently what I had seen of his wife's move ments, proving that she alone had planned and executed the vile plot against the poor girl, who had excited her jealousy on behalf of her son. I do not think Yineenzo was as much surprised as we were ; such revelations are not always quite unexpected to the immediate'family of the culprit. Nina, how ever, persisted in denial, and took refuge at last in obstinate silence. It may be imagined that Lorenzo Ginliani lost no time in hastening home, and when Yineenzo and Andrino declared their inten tion of accompanying him, I could not resist ; the pleasure of being of the party. We flung ourselves headlong down the steep descent, but the valley seemed long, and the way . .tedious through the interminable chestnut Woods, though it was still early when we arrived at the Casa Morgante, on the banks of the Lima. Ginevra was at work hackling hemp before the door as we ascended the grass- grown steps of the grey old villa, and her face, which seemed to have shrunk since yesterday like a waning moon, and the large dark rings round her eyes, showed that she had shed many bitter tears since she left the farm, I am not sure but that she thought at first we had come to take her to prison, for she locked half-scared as we approached, and the good news, when it was told, was almost too much for her after all she had gone through. When Sir Yiucenzo then turned to her father and said the only compensation he oould make for the wrong she had suffered was to ask her hand in marriage for his son, 4 parti cularly,' he added with a smile, 4 as Andrino has made up his mind about it long ago,' she burst into tears and ran away. She soon came back, however, all shy smiles and sun shine, and when Yineenzo and I returned to Tereglio we left Andrino behind, to enjoy a long holiday of courtship in the old garden, whereLorenzo's lemons were ripening their fairy, gold on a southern wall, and hollyhocks and asters, and frail monthly rosea, made a blaze of autumn glory in the October sun. The hard worked mother, too, and the little brothers and sisters had to take in all at once the wonderful intelligence that Ginevra was not only eleared of -all suspicion, but was also advanced to the dignity of tposa, with the future glory of a farm of her own in store for her. If her meek little heart could feel a thrill of pride, I think it must have been when her nncle in America, on hearing of her engage ment, sent home a goodly sum of money to purchase her outfit, aud she found that she was not to go to her husband's home like a poor peasant girl, but with all the appurte nances of a well-to-do rustic bride. Not even the miller's Ghita, whose preparations had been the envy of the whole country-side, went forth with a better stocked marriage-chest — with fuller plenishing of fine homespun linen, of delicate embroidered kerchiefs, of stout woollen stuffs, red and blue — ay, and of solid clasps and circlets too — than the little contadina of Gasa Morgante. I do not think Sora Nina profited much by the leBson she had received, for she seemed as hard and stiff-necked as before, and could < never be brought to Fee the enormity of what she had done. She pretended for a long time to be ignorant of what was going on, but had to yield to circumstances in the end, and prepare to receive her daughter in-law with as good a grace, as she might. Nevertheless I do not think Ginevra's posi tion was altogether a comfortable one during the first months of her married life, until her activity, Sense and usef uiuess were recognised bySora Nina, who, thoroughly capable herself, and proud of Jier capacity, respected nothing so much as tne same quality in others. But Ginevra can never tell her children the story of the oaken chest, for it would alienate them for ever from their grandmamma. — Fraxer's Magazine. 