REMEDIES FOR WHEAT DISEASES. TO THE Trmrro* Sir— I have from time to time read in the Register an account of various preparations for the prevention of red rust in wheat. I have also read the reports of the manasrers of experimental farms on the same subject, but have never met with the following, which I have tried for years as a preventive of ' smut,' and with perfect success. As it is a simple one perhaps some intelligent farmer may be induced to try it, and report on it :— Spill out on a clean floor or any place where a shovel can work to turn it over as much wheat as will be sufficient for sowing on the following day. Have by you some fresh lime— the fresher the better— and with it make a vessel of whitewash (pretty thick), sufficient to saturate the quantity of wheat spilled out. One person can pour the white wash on the wheat with a dipper or other vessel quite hot, whilst another keeps turning it over with a shovel until all the wheat is well coated over with whitewash, let it remain until morning, when it ynO. be quite dry and fit for sowing by hand or otherwise. I do not profess to having much expeiience with red rust, but I may state that although I am neither the owner nor the occupier of a square acre of land in this colony, I have been born on a farm, bred up to scientific farming, and a practical fanner for the greater part of my life. I have tried bluestone, rocksalt, urine, pickles of all sorts hot and cold, and never found any equal to the one given above. I have procured wheat for experiment so coated over with smut that no miller would give a penny for it, and have grown from such wheat as fine ana clean crops as could be found. I have seen an article in the Port Augusta Dispatch of January 27, headed ' Rahtz on red rust.' I should like to see the man with his veil and goggles in the evening, or his watering-pot, after going over thirty to fifty acres. I enclose the article in case you should wish to publish it for the benefit of your numerous readers. I do not remember ever to have seen in print such downright nonsense. I should have stated that the hotter the limewashis applied the better. lam, Sir, &c;, Norwood. J. SHIRLEY. The following is the extract referred to :— 'Mr. C. F. W. Rahtz sends the following letter to the Narracoorte Herald, addressed 1 to all newspapers in the world :'— ' Rust appears when the ear leaves the stalk, so it is absolutely necessary that all the following remedies must be applied to the crop say a fortnight or at least a week before the ear leaves the stalk. The crop must also be damp from dew or rain, when the following remedies must be applied:— 1. Hot lime which has never received any dampness from rain or dew, well sieved, and sown with the hand out of a bed-sheet. The sower should wear goggles over the eyes and should have a closeveU all over his face. One bushel per acre is sufficient, and any man so employed is able to sow from 30 to 50 bushels per diem. 2\. Fine Liverpool table-salt (anyhow, clean) : boil 12 lb. salt in 12 gallons of rainwater or distilled water, and throw this fluid with a gardener's waterpot over every two acres. 3\. Urine : (a) horse or cattle urine, with one gallon of vitroil oil mixed to 55 gallons urine ; (b) 99 gallons of human or sheep urine with one gallon of vitroil oil mixed ; a and b must stand 12 hours after mixing, then stir the mixture, put it in waterpots (gardener's) and throw it over the crop. Avoid all ash or fire from your land. Any one who wishes to have further information may apply by letter or otherwise to the undersigned, Messrs. Joseph Derwent. Ernest Norton, James London, and R. A. Pekin, all of near Milli cent (S.E. or S.A.), who will report on result according to my instructions given over twelve months ago to them.' ' A Clever Huntsmax.— An English paper says : — ' Horsemanship is scarcely the correct term to apply to an extraordinary perfor mance reported by our Hungarian contempo rary; deennanship would probably be the more appropriate word. The other day, while a noble stag of ten was being hotly chased by the Kaposztasmegyerer hounds— a subscrip tion pack— one Aarl Poros, a discharged hussar, managed to bring the terrified animal to a standstill in some close cover through which it was forcing its way, and by an almost superhuman effort of strength and agility to vault upon its back. After several desperate but unsuccessful attempts to dis lodge its rider from his seat, the stag, stimulated anew to flight by the cry of the fast-approaching hounds, resumed its course, but it soon broke down under the weight of its unaccustomed burden and gave up the ghost through sheer exhaustion and terror. Poros— at least, so the story goes was found by the huntsmen sitting on the unwounded carcass of the stag, which he had literally ridden to death, and resolutely claimed as the just reward of an achievement unprecedented in the annals of the chase.' 