CHARADE. My lord the king is ill on bis bed. And racked and torn with pain is he; From the sole of his foot to the top of his head, His arms and his legs feel as heavy as lead. And he mutters, **X wish I was bettor or dead. 1 wish to bo blistered, 1 want to be bled. Ho I send for my Medicos both,” ho said, *‘Or I dead as a herring shall be.” As the spider crouching in his gloomy lair. In some dark corner patiently does lie; Remorseless, bloody, never known to spare. Ho waits the coming of the victim fiy. Bis web isfhaken; with how small delay. One moment wait*, then pounces on his prey 7 As when an eagle, poised with noiseless wing. Beholds his quarry on the plain below. Some gentle fawn, whose restless, anxious air. Proclaims he’s wandered from the parent doe— Poor fawn ! thy fate is sealed, tby foe sweeps through the sky— Vain is that bounding leap, ah! vain that pltcotn cry. With eager haste depicted on his fcae Each doctor makes some direful preparation; A king, not baiug an ordinary “case,” Requires no ordinary application. Each sallied oat. Then soon began tho race; The “ quick step” shortly changed into a ran. Who to be first each went his fastest pace. But both arrived at oncel so neither won. Pity the sorrows of a poor sick man. Whose 111 have brought two doctors to his door (When fell Disease appears with aspect with wa. One doctor’s bad enough, but tiro's an awful bore). With such an a<r that made the boldest quake, They fell upon the king with tooth and nail; Soon was he blistered, bled, then had to tike Unnumbered nostrums nerer known to fait Yet, strange to say, the king no better better grew* The doctors, nonplussed, knew not what to de * Whether to advance or retreat. * Bis highness was getting as thin as a post; Ha solemnly thought he would give up the ghost. Because he had nothing to eat. There never was a crisis, so at least’tis said In every book of hist’ry I have read. When no one could tell what to do. But a leader would rise to protect them from harm— For Instance, “the pilot who weathered tho storm’’— t>o In this case the adage held true Hts Uoge’s cook, a gravo and learned man (That la to say, In culinary lore. Deep In tho mysteries of dish and ninD At this time a thouahtful aspect wSro Deep sunk in his reflections, deeper in his chair, Dpon his master's plight ho pondered o’er; He Drought his whole colossal mind to bear Upon the knotty point, the king to cure. A smile, at length, o'er his face there stole: He chuckled, and rubbing his hands with glee, I have it! Til make him a dish!’" said he; ‘Booh, pooh! tho doctors! pooh! Addle-do-dee f They re not, both together, half as clever as me; For though they’ve worked hard, yet I’ll earn thtlr Per 111 warrant my physic my first shall be, if my second is done by my xchole.” Answer to lost charade—Di!c-on*o*la— UdbcoaioUte, 