HOUSE OF ASSEMBLY. Thubsday, August 10. The Speaker took the Chair at 2 o'clock. (Continued from last week.) SUPPLY. Li Committee. Legislature, £13,203 6s. Id. Mr. TOMKINSON said that if practised debaters and recognised financiers like Mr. Rounsevell and Mr. Cooke could not make a Budget debate attractive and interesting he could not hope to do so either. Be would therefore only take a general review of the Treasurer's financial statement and the Government policy connected with it. But with respect to the latter he proposed to suspend an opinion until the Treasurer brought down the balance-sheet for tho current year, which, he bad referred to on Tuesday when he laid upon the table the important paper about the condition of the Land Fund. 'Long before he had had a seat in the House he had observed that successive Treasurers had gone on borrowing from the Land Fund to meet the ever-increasing ordinary expendi ture, which ought to have been detrayed from revenue. He therefore assumed that Parliament in its wisdom had determined that in future no distinction should be made between the different sources of revenue—that derivable fiom taxation and that from land, which was the capital of the colony—relying perhaps too confi dently upon the ultimate receipt of the four millions or thereabouts from land sold to selectors to work it all right. It seemed to him to be a reckless pro ceeding, but when he found Parliament conttuu ing to go on sanctioning this same kind of reckless expenditure, be felt somewhat de terred from making a stand with a view of pulling-up our headlong career into debt. He would instance the unanimity with which the House sanctioned the purchase of a warship last week, involving an expenditure of £70,000 in the first instance and £10,000 a year for maintenance, and £4,000 a year on a loan of £100,000 for defence purposes. The Chief Secretary had acknowledged that there was no necessity for a ship of war, audhe (Mr. Tomkinson) thought our present means of defence were sufficient to resist any force sent against us. It would have been wiser to have tried to make an arrangement with the Imperial Govern* ment to pay the cost of maintaining a war vessel for the protection of the colony. In time of danger the Imperial Government would be bound to send out a squadron for the protection of Australia, and they would no doubt accept a contribution towards the expenses from this colony. Reverting to the financial position, the Treasurer appeared since he delivered the Budget Speech to nave found out that it was impossible to pay £473,000, the interest on the public loan, out of the revenue. Only nine days ago he was so flighty—quite a new phase of chai&cter; for him—(laughter)~^that he was eager to raise the liability of the colonists from £45 to £50 per head, and to in crease the debt from twelve to twenty millions, lie thought that the Treasurer, for once in his career, was going too fast; but the break of half a million a year for interest would steady any Treasurer. As the Advertiser put it—4'While the land sales lost, and our borrowing powers are undiminished, we may possibly continue in our present course; but when there is a serious check lit either of these sources from which we draw our funds, then will come the day of sweeping retrenchment or of wholesale reform, and then, too, will the Hon. Treasurer, like the martyr Lathiier, withdraw his recanta tion and die iti his original faith." He did not think the Treasurer of 1830 would have much heart to go in for a Jubilee Exhibition such as had been suggested, and the examples of Sydney and Melbourne ought to deter any prudent Parlia ment from making such a mistake and adding largely to the national debt. Exhibitions were a farce and a nuisance, and lie maintained that half a million a year was as much as wc were justified in spending on public works while the population was under 3d0,000, without interfering with the labour market and private enterprise. If we spent any larger amount we should go in for immigration. (Hear, hear.) Immigration liad nover cost the colony anything, but had resulted iu its benefiting to the extent of millions, as large numbers of immigrants brought large sums of money into the colony with them, and aided in the goneral advancement of the State. Re ferring to the remarks made by Mr. Johnson as to the increase in the number of inmates in the Destitute Asylum, he would point out that as the amount of used-up labour increased we would have to replace it. There were times when immigration was not necessary, but if an extensive public works policy were decided upon it was necessary, and no class benefited more by immigration than the in dustrious working men. This brought to his recol lection the rather wild plunge for popularity of Mr. Playford in reference to the taxation of the working classes ; but as he did not see the lion, member in his place he would reserve his remarks for another occasion. He was glad to say that so far as his observations had gone, the working classes were in a highly prosperous state. Mr. Mat&inson; might not agree with him altogether, but he was informed that it was most difficult to get a supply of labour for building and other purposes. (Mr. Mattinsou—1" No, no.") The working classes must be cared for, and there should be no lack of public works to keep them employed whenever it was necessary. He would not detain the House by referring to the details of the Treasurer's Ways and Means on the Estimates of revenue and expenditure, but lie must give the Treasurer credit for the clear manner in which lie had laid the financial position of the colony before the House. (Hear, hear.) He bad plenty of funds in band at present, and he (Mr. Tumkinson) had hoped that he did not intend to go into the money market during the present year, but he felt that it was hopeless to attempt to dissuade him from taking advantage of the willingness of the capitalists to lend money to the colony. Ha entirely approved of the arrangement which the Treasurer had made with the Savings Bank. (Hear, hear.) It was advantageous in every way, it was economical, and rendered it unnecessary for us to go into the London market. He would reserve any further observations he had to make until the House con sidered the various items in the Estimates. He would endeavour if possible to reduce some of the amounts which seemed excessive, and amongst other items he might mention the sums set down for judicial and legal establishments, education, chari table institutions, and military defences. There was a large sum put down for pensions, retiring allowances, and gratuities, and he would like to it, but he supposed it would bo impossible, lxluce . . . ............ because so many claims would be made on the Treasury in consequence of the mistake made in the Act of last session in limiting the time for putting < in claims to six months. He thought that receipts from Customs showed that all classes of the community were prosperous, notwithstanding the adverse seasons we had suffered. Mr. Playford said the land Bcheme was over-estimated; but he was bound to accept the assurance of the Commissioner of Crown Lauds that his calculations were made oil a correct basis and would prove to be right. He hoped the Commissioner would try to make the land in the South-East upon which so much money hsd been spent for drainage as produc tive as possible, and that it would be shown tnat the money was not wasted after all. He considered the amounts set down for the destruction of rabbits and for roads were rather large, and that the sum devoted to immigration was not large enough ; but be would particularly deal with the different items of the Estimates when they were under consideration. He bad great pleasure in supporting the first item. Mr. LaND&EER; thought most hon. members were pleased to know that the colony was in such a good financial position considering the serious years we had had to contend with. As.regarded the Customs receipts, he quite endorsed the views of the Treasurer, and considered that he had hit what had been acknowledged to be the happy medium. The question of the desirability of carrying on the Customs Convention with New South Wales was a matter which would requi.e to be carefully con sidered by the House. The question seemed to be enveloped in a kind of mist, because it was supposed in the first instance that the matter was rairly settled on such liberal principles as to allow the House and the country to congratulate them selves ; but at the eleventh hour it was found that the matter was not settled, and they had had to come to the rescue with the Convention that now existed. The Convention was now a bare and hard-and- fast bargain, and there was not a single item that gave South Australia a fair chance of doing business, except in one hard-and-fast line on thenver. (Hear, hear.) Looking at the happy way in which New South Wales had met us before, he thought if the negotiations in the present case had been fairly conducted we should not find our selves fenced in in the manner we were at present, and it was a matter of deep regret. It seemed strange that we should have to pay £47,500 when we might not have a ghost of a chance of doing business because of the state of the river—(Hear, hear)—and he considered that when the river was low and goods could not be sent up by the river, we should be allowed to forward goods to certain places agreed upon by other means. There was no provision made for trade being conducted on the Border, and a difficulty occurred only very recently in the case of an order which was executed in South Australia, and in which a parcel was sent round from Sydney to join the goods, which were being sent up overland. The Queensland Government met us in a fair business spirit, and it was only reasonable to expect similar treatment from New South Wales. He was sure that if the matter had been placed before the Intercolonial Conference in a proper light they have would allowed us the benefit of the trade, even when done otherwise than by the river. He was sure that in consideration of the £47,600 the Sydney Government would have given the right when the river was closed to forward goods to Sydney, and thence by rail to any bondedstore named and agree " upon. It must be remembered that New South Wales would not have lost much by us, for if we forwarded goods to her under these exceptional circumstances when the river was closed, her vessels, her railways, and her agents would all reap a benofit through the business passing through them. He hoped the Treasurer would see if he could not induce a more liberal spirit to prevail with the Treasurer of New South Wales, as he felt that the unfairness of the thing was only to be pointed out to have it remedied. As to the railways, he rejoiced that they had done bo well, and that the colony had as their Bailway Traffic Manager a gentleman so efficient and so energetic as Mr. Pendleton. (Hear, hear.) The alterations he had made apd the clear ness with which the work was carried out were a, great credit to Mr. Pendleton, and augured well for the future. As to the Land Fund he felt it was necessary that it should be dealt with vety cautiously, for it was our great stand-by, and he regretted to find that things in this department did not look better than they did. The area had been enlarged, and concessions had been granted, and yet the agricultural interest was worse off than three years ago. Of course seasons could not be foreseen, but warnings could be taken from men like Mr. Goyder and Mr. Playford, whose words had been fulfilled in reference to the lands in the South-Host, which they did not want to hand over to the farmer, but which were handed over under pressure, and had now turned out badly. Indeed, care must be taken or else they would be making the . country into one big sheepwalk. Already exoerience had shown that where men of capital settled down, and took up a few thousand acres of land, they had no difficulty in soon getting the farmers around them to clear out—to go, perhaps, to lands in the Far North which were not lit for agriculture. It was wise, no doubt, to help those who had been unfortunate through circumstances they could not have foreseen, but it would be quite another thing to grant the many concessions that some hon. members seemed desirous of making. Like the Treasurer he had been surprised that the population of the colony was not larger than it now was, considering all the people who had come here. Probably this was to some extent explained by the number who had gone to the Mount Browne Diggings and elsewhere. As to the Adelaide Exhibition, ho must say he did not look with favour on it, for if it were done at all it should be done well, and then it would be a very expensive affair with very little certain return. South Australia was not a manufacturing colony like Victoria, and would not gain nearly as mnch from an Exhibition. Under the same heading there was the question of therailway to Melbourne. Now he was at war against that. lie could not under stand what good it would be to South Australia. It certaiuly could not be regarded as a line of development, because the bulk of the country it would pass through was a desert of a very bad character. They could not point to a man who had gone there and done well; and yet the line from Nairne to Border Town was to cost £997,000. Besides this, the railway would have to take a great many curves to avoid getting into country which was nothing more nor less than quicksands, spccimensof which could be seen at Wellington, where the road was now under thirty feet of sand. And what would be the result of the line to connect us with Victoria ? Would it not he to play into the hands of the Mel bourne merchants, who, because of their large business, could buy on better terms than Adelaide men ? Could there be a better illustration than was supplied by the people on the Murray, which divided New South Wales and Victoria ? Our steamers constantly passed up the river, and yet he would defy any one to show that we were doing a thousand a year on the Victorian side of the river. Let hon. members recollect the case of Geelong, which petitioned for the railway to go from there to Ballarat, and yet the result was that the grass was soon growing an some of the streets of Geelong. He was more inclined to go with the Government in extending our railway system northwards, as there would be a good deal of trade with Queensland; there again would he seen the disadvantage of rail way communication between Adelaido and Sydney, for Queenslanders coming down here in future would probably stay only a few hours In Adelaide, and then goon to the larger City of Melbourne, with all its gieater attractions. The result would pro bably be that supplies would be bought in Mel bourne, sent to I'.jit Augusta by.soa, and thence by rail into Queensland. If he had been a Victorian lie would long ago have voted for extending their railways to our Border; in fact, he would have offered to bring a railway halfway across tlie Desert to meet South Australia if the people of this colony would have allow ed him. As a South Australian, however, he held different views. It might be asked why was railway communication with Mel bourne not fatal to Sydney. The answer was that New South Wales was rich in coal and gold— which South Australia had not—and Sydney had the grandest harbour in the world. His idea was that it wouid be mnch better for us to he connected with Ntw South Wales via Wentworth. On this subject be would ask lion, members to listen to the following paragraph from the Wentworth Telegraph: "A public meeting called by tho Bail way League was held at the Royal Hotel on Tuesday, July 25. Tho Mayor (Mr. J. S. Upton) was voted to the chair. A communication was read from the Balranald committee seeking the co-operation of tho League in getting the line of railway from Hay extended to Wentworth via Balranald. The Hon. Secretary was requested to reply that the League were taking action in the matter. On the motion of Mr. Dew hurst, seconded by Mr. Bowring, it was resolved that active steps he taken to urge unon the Govern ment the construction of the railway from Hay to Wentworth, and that a petition he forwarded through tlie Municipal Council to the Commissioner of Railways asking for an immediate survey. It was further resolved to telegraph to the member for the district, asking if be could pay the town a visit when on his -way to Sydney. The Mayor and Messrs. Bowring, Simpson, Dew burst, Vt'ilhes, and others pointed out the many advantages that would aecrue to this part of the colony as well as to the metropolis by the extension of the Hay line, Mr. Wilkes mentioning that during March last vessels representing some 5,000 tons gross register were laid up hero loaded with wool nnable to proceed either to Morgan or Echuca, while at Morgan and other ports at the same period 6,000 tons of merchandise was waiting a rise in the river before it conld be forwarded to its destination. He pointed out that bad the line' proposed been in existence the wholeof the business would necessarily have gone to Sydney. It was also stated that the value of the imports and ex ports for the past twelve months represented some i'O nnn nra Kauonl naw tnanluK 'warn anmllaS " £2,000,000. Several new members 'were enrolled." Sydney had all along been on friendly terms with South Australia, and acted towards it on a tair and reasonable principle, and it therefore seemed to him ! to be safer to extend our railways to Wentworth I than to Victoria, feeling as he did that the bulk of the large trade which he had referred to in Riverina | would then flow to South Australia, as it would now were the river navigable. There was a good deal which might be done to make the lower river navigable as tar as Wentworth by so directing the l flow of the water where it spread over the flats that it would soon fonn a channel deep enongh to allow the steamers to pass up and down, as was done now occasionally by the owners of some barges, ranging them close to one another in a diagonal line across some wide and shallow roaches of the river. Were this done, and the river made navigable at all times of the year, a grand trade would flow into South. Australia from New Sonth Wales. As the Orient Company's service affected the question of railway communication with Victoria, he would take the liberty of touching upon the position that Company had assumed in electing to pass by Adelaide and go straight to Melbourne and home again. (Mr. Tomairson—"They call here on the way back; one steamer was here to-day.") They called here sometimes, but there was nothing permanent about the arrangement Like other people, they traded where it paid them best, and he would like to call attention to a certain view which could be taken of this case. By going straight to Melbourne and back he understood the Company's vessels saved about fortyhours'steaming, which meant a saving of £GOO, as each hour's steaming cost £15 or £16, and in addition they pleased the Melbourne people by accepting the great inducements which thai commercial centre was able to offer, and which it always would offer. Now, instead of the vessels calling at Adelaide, as all would desire, the Company could convey between Adelaide and Melbourne, by meansof the coasting steamers, 200 tons of goods for £160, one hundred and fifty second-class passengers at 25s. each for £18710s., and eighty-seven saloon passengers at 00s. ' for £261, making a total of £598 10.-., or an amount within the extra cost of calling at Adelaide. This was a point worth while considering in' connection with making a railway to Victoria, by which the Company could convey 52} bilious passengers from one city to the other at £5 each, or £202 altogether, still bringing the grand total within £000. If the mails were landed here and taken by rail to Mel bourne, he did not think more than 12} hours would be gained, and the people of Victoria in his opinion were not likely to care much about that saving if they could get tbe mails landed direct i from the steamers at Melbourne. Tbe position he took oii this question was no new one, for ever since he had been m the House he had opposed railway communication with Victoria, it being now as it was then premature, and if it were made he believed it would throw tbe colony back twenty years, be cause it would be impossible to struggle against the great centre of commercial enterprise in this part of the world. The House then resumed, pi ogress was reported, and leave obtained to sit again on Tuesday. 