VICTORIA (From our own Correspondent.) MELBOURNE, June 26. Thank goodness, I need not weary my readers ni this letter with any lengthy epitome of the proceedings in parliament. The excitement consequent upon the crisis has almost passed away, and even the Opposition party admit that Ministers possess charmed political lives. Mr. Bent's speech in moving the second read- ing of the Railway Construction Bill as- tonished everyone. It was a plain, straightforward, business statement, and proved conclusively that the hon. gentle man know what he was talking about. It depicted about as brilliant a prospect in the way of railway construction as could well be imagined. The revenue for the year had been a handsome one, and had it not been for the Jolimont accident the deficiency in the payment of interest on the original loans would only have been some £30,000. Indeed, there would havo been no deficiency had it not been for the fact that the existing loans bear in- terest at the rate of 6 per cent. These debentures are now dying out, so that when the money is re-borrowed at 4 per cent. the balance will be on the right side of the ledger. Ministers act wisely in proposing to construct cheap light lines where possible, for the Victorian people are wise enough now not to want exponsive bluestone stations and railways that cost £30,000 per mile. What they want is cheap lines to act as feeders to the expensive trunk lines, and these, Mr. Bent tells us, can be constructed for £2000 per mile. Again, it is not pro- posed to have a whole staff-station mas- ter, ticket clerk, and porter-at all the small stations where the receipts will not at first pay the wages. A travelling con- ductor will accompany the trains, and perform all the necessary duties until it is found necessai'y to have a resident station master. There are no less than fifty new lines proposed in the bill, and every one of them is needed. Whatever errors the present Government may have been guilty of and notwithstanding the many diffi- culties they have to contend against in their railway policy, at any rate they have realised the hopes of their friends, and the scheme which was submitted on Thursday last will give unbounded satis- faction to the people. Of course political matters are far from settled, and a feoling of uncertainty still prevails. I think ministers will manage to pilot their modified proposals through Parliament, but many people still antici- pate a dissolutiun, and consequently lots of rumours are afloat as to probable can- didates. Mr. J. J. Casey is said to be feeling his way in the Villiers and Heytes- bury electorate, but the great "Jay Jay" occupies much the same position in the poilitical world of Victoria as Mr. Russell Young does in that of Tasmania-outside Paradise. Sir Bryant O'Loghlen oxpresses a great desire to relieve the poor man of some of the burden of taxation that he bears at present, but I don't think that he is going the right way to work, He gives the labourer and the "artizan" (the friends of your Premier in his early years as a politican) cheap beer, but why has he not remitted the Stock Tax? The consumer felt little of the duty upon tea or beer, but the price of meat is a more serious matter. It will hardly be credited that we are actually paying more for beef than that which we senid to England brings in the Smithfield market. Rump steak at 8d per pound, and mutton chops at 5d soon makes a hole in weekly wages and when we remember that in Sydney beef is sold at 3d and 3½d we can only attri- bute the high prices that rule here to the operations of the Stock Tax. No, no, Sir Bryan, leave the beer duty alone; and give us the absolute necessaries of life as cheap as you can and you'll be a popu- lar man. Why the remission of the beer duty as a relief to the working man is almost as palpable an absurdity as was the proposal to knock off the duty on salt and blackismith's bellows,- which the Reibey Government in their wisdom thought wvould be a priceless boon to the labouring classes in Tasmania. That gay and festive dealer in vege- tables and poultry whom I mentioned in my last letter is likely to retire from active business fora a time. His name turns out to be Ryan, and it has been ascertained that he kept a shop in Simpson's-road, Richmond, where he disposed of the articles that he obtained so cheaply. He was brought before the Fitzroy Police Court, on Saturday, charged with thefts from gardens at Caulfield and Malvern, and from a poultry yard in Boroondara. He was remainded to Malvern. Yet another novelty in the way of newspapoer is to be started in Melbourne next week. It is to be styled The Bill of Fare, and will be circulated at all the restauranlts in the city. It will contain the bill of fare of the establishments in the centre of the sheet, and will also give items of current news. If the venture proves successful, it is the intention of the proprietors to issue a second edition daily incorporating the playbills of the theatres. Verily we are a go-ahead people in Victoria.. The Hon J. B. Humffray, who was the first Minister of Mines in Victoria, is seriously ill. He was one of the pioneers of Ballarat, and was a member of the Heales Administration in 1860-61. I fear that there is little hope of the hon. gentleman's recovery. The West Bourke Plate was run for at Sunbury, on the 22nd inst., under the auspices of the Victoria Coursing Club. Mr. J. B. Curran's f d p Phantom, by Greener--Graceful, proved the winner, and Dr. G. H. Featherstone's, n s br w h Werribee Queen, by Glen Avon-Queen of Hearts, the runner-up. The weather was unpleasant, but the hares ran ex- ceedingly strong, and some capital sport was witnessed. Mr. Falkiner had bad luck, his representatlve, Frenchman, being disposed of in the first round. The Chinese are deserting Ballarat East. The cause of the exodus is attributed to the fact that John has been prevented from working on many of the leases where he iused to earn his wages, and he has thoroughly worked out most of the old diggings in the vicinity of the Eureka Stockade, Golden Point, and White Flat. The children of the Flowery Land who are thus compelled to seek "fresh fields and pastures now" will no doubt give Tasmania a turn. The attempt to establish the American system of religious camp meetings has proved unsuccessful, the loading members of the Welseyan denomination having exprosed their disapproval of the project. We don't care ahout sen- sational religion in Melbourne, and even the unctuous warrlors from the Adelaide Salvation Army would not receive a very hearty welcome from the citizens. From New Zealand I learnn that Mr. Caleb Whitefoord, R.M., and Dr. Giles, R M., have been appointed a Royal Com- mission to inquire into the management of the Otago Benevolent Institution. They arrived in Dunedin on the 14th instant. Much abused as Chinaman are, they adopt some wholesome social rules. Every married Chinaman, I read, who leaves behind, in the Flowery Laud, a wife, or a wife and family, must send periodical re- mittances home for her or their support ; otherwise, if he ever returns, he will be branded by society as an outcast. Con- trast this with the lot of the Englishman who may bolt from his wife without feel- ing the displeasure of society. I learn from the Otago Daily Times that the Government of New Zealand have sent for 250 polecats from Tasmania, and have arranged to receive 50 ferrets by each ship leaving England for a time. These animals are being introduced to Maori-land with a view to help in the de- struction of rabbits. I am informed that Colonel Angolo has ben well received at Perth. He com- mences his inspection of the Volunteers during the present week. It was on the 24th of this month twelve years ago that A. L. Gordon--the most gifted poet that has ever written in Aus- tralia-ended his career. How well I remember the feeling of sorrow that was experienced in the city when it was known that the author of "The Wreck," "Thora's song," " How we beat the favourite," and a hundred other poems, thoroughly Australian in the incidents they depicted, had passed away. The enquiry into the cause of the collision, between the bark Glaslyn and the Harry Wood (a Tasmanian vessel), that took place in the West Channel early in the present year, was to have taken place on Friday. It appeared that some legal proceedings were pending, and the Navigation Board therefore decided to postpone its investigation until the law action has been decided. Many of my readers will rernembor the Rev. J. B.. Portrey, whose death is an- nounced in the South Australian Advertiser of the 21st inst. The deceased gentleman only arrived at Adelaide about nine dlays ago, having been recommended by his medlical advisers to try a warmer climate than Tasmania during the winter. The Advertiser says: - "He was the son of a, Wesleyan minis- ter in England, and himself entered upon ministerial duties in England, where, after he had travelled in two circuits, his health failed, and he was advised to come to Australia in the hope that his health would be re- established. He was in circuit work in New South Wales for five years, but his health again failing he becarne a supernumerary and removed to Tasmania, where he resided about four years. He was a man of superior attainments, and was greatly respected for his genuine and gentle.Christian character. The disease which has terminated fatally was con- sumption. He leaves a widow, but no children. The old story of the performance of Hamlet at a "penny gaff" in Ireland is not a bad one. The ghost makes his ap- pearance and says-" I am thy father's spirit," whereupon a Hibernian in the audience recognises the actor and remarks -" And a blessed foine ghost you are, too ! Now, this was too much even for a visitor from the world unseen, and the ghost indulged in a little bit of gag by re- plying--" I know you, Finnigan, and when I get you outside I'll punch your head for you." The yarn is not a bad one, but a friend of mine tells me a better one. A promising young actor was to make his debut as Hamlet before crowded audience., He was exceedingly hand- some, and came before the footlights looking, the beau ideal of the unhappy Princeo of Denmark. He stood in the centre of the stage with his eyes fixed on the ground, but never uttered a syllable. In vain the King whispered to him and the prompter urged him on-" he neither spake nor moved." Tile "gods" grew slightly impatient, and he raised his dreamy eyes towards them--there was a lull, and midst breathless silence a voice stole over the theatre, "Great Heavens I If my poor old mother could only see what an infernal fool I'm making of my self:" Some of these theatrical stories are very amusing sometimes. The efforts of Mrs. MacPherson and Miss Whitehouse have not been without good results in Victoria. I have before me a circular which intimates that a course of cooking lessons is now being given at the establishment of the Thistle Cooking Company, in Swanston- street Now, cooking is an art, as I am sure all those who listened to Mrs. MacPherson's really interesting lectures will be ready to admit. I hope those young ladies who took such copious notes at the Mechanics' Institute last year have profited by the instruction they received. Saturday is truly a day of recreation in Victoria, A large number of shops close at one o'clock, and the city is deserted until the evening. During the afternoon there is no lack of amusement--football, rowing, yachting, las crosse, handball, hurling, bicycling, and a host of others which are all entered into with spirit, and witnessed by crowds of spectators. Then in the evening the four theatres and other places of amusement are thronged, and the people after a quiet Sunday go back to their business on Monday morning and commence the week refreshed and re-in- vigorated by their afternoon's amuse- ment. The achievements of "our boys" against the gentlemen of England in tihe cricket field has been the current topic of conversation for the last twenty-four hours, and everybody feels proud of our representatives. The Norwood (South Australia) football team met the Melbourne Club on Satur- day afternoon. Considerable interest was taken in the match, and notwithstanding he inclement weather there were fully 5000 spectators on the ground. The match was a well contested one, and re- suited in a victorry for the Victorian team, who scored 8 goals and 8 behinds to their opponent's 1 goal and 5 behinds. The rivalry between the Argus and Age is not confined to journalism. Last week the proprietors of "Major Bryant's Rus- sianl Hoax" organ gave £200 towards tihe funds of the Working Mens' College. The Coservative journal was not to be outdone, however, and though its pro- prietors were not first in thie field, they " went fifty better," as we would say at poker." The Rev. J. Shallberg, known in your part of thie world as "Pastor" Shallberg, was last Sunday inducted into the pastor- ate of the Baptist Chapel, Brunswick. It is reported that Mr. Shallborg com- mences his labours in this rapidly increase- ing suburb under very favourable cir- cumstances. i0ir'policomen' mad better be on their best' behiviohr just now, for there's a tI "chiel among us takin' notes," who will probably be askod to give evidence before the Royal Contni.si.,n that is now sitting Inspector Dowding, of Scotland Yard, was a passenger by tho Garonnm, having come out to arrest Samuel Dargaville, a fraudu loent blankrupt, who was a passenger by the santo steamr. The oilicer and his prisoner return to England by the Liguria. I should be inclined to accept the chall'ngo of 2Eglcs, who writes of the omployo of a browery in Now Zealand who has bcon complimented by his fellow labourers on "having always boon a strong supporter and cosumelllr of the firm'so products." Tho point of the c.anplimtnot is that the recipiont is 25 stoneo weight. "'Can any other: colonialI brewery show such a sample nis this ?" asks the author of Talk on 'Change. 1Well, I don't knoiw, hut when 1< ivtiis in Hobart not no many years ago, thlero ivoas a rosy checked old fellow employed at the Cascade Brewery who would have ruon thoNew Zealander very close. 'hlo.weatlhor hiso bdon very unpleasant for the past week. We have had con ,tant showers of drizzling rain,' which have had the effect of producing those abominable floods in the gutters, for which Meolbourn is notorious, and the nights and mornings have been bitterly cold. It seems, howover, to be healthy weather, for there is very little sickness either in the city or its suburbs. 