CHAPTER XXVr. ■wild night!; A night unparalleled in the memory of: even that extraor dinary personage, the oldest inhabi tant. All Dripsey Bridge and Wentworth,. the sister villages, were indoors, talk ing over the great event of the day as thej heaped up-the logs (they usually Burned wood in primeval Dripsey) on the hearth. The streets were deserted, swept' bare by the fierce blast, and flooded % the ceaseless rain. The storm of the day had become: a tempest, and all She demons of the air' seemed holding level up among the wind-torn clouds. Nevertheless light streamed from a i ""fee and warmth within, of "pftaSant" social intercourse when gossips hobnob! ever the fire, and not only the " cup | that cheers," but the foaming.1 flagon or steaming glass goes round. The Arms was crammed from roof to basement. Sleeping-rooms for the i time beiur yere transformed into- sit tihg-roo' js, and these crowded with 'thirst\ guests blowing clouds of rank #oba ^co-smoke, tossing'down heavy drinks,- and inhaling, amid Homeric laughter and thickening talk, an at mosphere the quality of which,may fee best judged by the tact that of se veral cages of canaries not one of these pretty occupants was found alive in the morning. The day of mourning had become anight of drinking and feasting,, and in a haze of drink and smoke the si lent dead were for the tionee forgot ten,. *■' A wild night; yet of all people in the world, poor Airs. Bieek was abroad in. it. Yes, that always, amiahjfi and al ways mystified lady, when 'the storm was at its very worst and all doors and windows were hermetically seaied to keep it out, was. toddling through the Abbey churchyard with the inten tion of taking the shortest way across the park to gain her own snug room at the Abbey. .^If the truth must be told, the good /'old creature was somewhat gone in liquor, and this was how it came about. Mrs. Bleek's heart was as tender as her brain was weak. Ever ready to teceive and retain the saddest impres sions, the sudden death of her young mistress had, as she herself expressed it,put another ten years upon her.", " I'm not," sho added, " one of your die-earlys, for common stuffs oftenest last the longest; but I shall never be the woman I was. Not that I was ever worth much—0,no, far from it! —though- striving to, do my duty in that station ia which it has pleased God to.call me; But to think that a creetur so full of life and beauty should have been called away, and such a bag of useless bones as Mary Bleek allowed to remain, quite throws ine!" The double, funeral over, the old house-keeper, her poor eyes red with constant weeping, had made her way to one Mrs. Jones, an old ^orony living near the lodge. At Mrs. tTones's she had met with other old cronies, and there given way to hysteria, and in their sympathizing ears unlocked the floodgates of her grief. ^he aged ladies, all born and bred on the Wentworth estates, made no endeavour to console their friend; on the contrary, after the fashion of their class, they agreed with all she said, deepening the shadows here and there, till on horror's head horrors accumu late J to that extent that no wonder rum was added to the tea. " The only thing in such matters," said Mrs. Jones, "to tie up the.nerves and squench the feelin's." Night was very far advanced, " nearly at odds with the morning," when old Miary Bleek took her soli tary way homewards, . Companion ship she had none; all the male sex were down the village feasting at the expense of the eminent firm so worthily represented by Mr, Crump; 4nd as for her cronies of the opposite sey. not bnfe was under sixty, with no thing active about thenr but their tongues, which, as if to make up for other deficiencies, seemed gifted with perpetual motion. So the housekeeper took her way through the storm, re fusing, with persistent obstinacy, to take the main road, but bent upon saviDg a mile by the short cut through the churchyard. " I'm not afeard,!' she said,, in an swer t!o her friend's expostulation, "of churchyards; ghosts won't harm a poor body like me, who, goodness knows, before the world's a year older may be a-trudgin' about as one of 'eta." <i " Not in a night like this," observed Mrs. Jones. "Weather, Martha"'(Mrs. Jones's name was Martha) "has nothing to do with supernat'rals. They don't regard it. Indeed," and heie the housekeeper added a little more rum- to her tea," it is believed as they prefers it rumbus tious." It was " rumbustious " this night in all conscience; for, while she spoke, the wind came roaring about the -cot tage, tearing at the thatched roof as if •seeking to tear it off; and wrenching I with a burglar's hand at each barreih and bolted casement. " Don't go up to the Abbey to-night, dear," urged kind Mrs. Jones. " Or, if I you must go, at least wait for John; he can't be long." I Mrs. Bleek waited, being prevailed upon to take just a " leetle " morei'um without ten; but John Jones never came, nor did he comei till morninsr ^4- .... uju^i■ brought home from the Arms fn a wheelbarrow. I It was pa^t midnight when Mary ; Bleek; lantern in hand,, pushed, open thechurchyard gate and came dreamily stumbling along among the graves. For once in her life the aged woman has, all unconsciously, diverged from the path of strict sobriety, for her tea [ had grown gradually weaker and the infusion of rum stronger. Yet to the Abbey she would go that night. She had left the whole house bold in confusion. She knew her duty, aud at every hazard she would perform it. And so the half-blind, half-deaf, but in all other respects worthy old lady, armed with a lighted lantern and a huge umbrella boldly made tracks for the Abbey. She bad not gone far before a trea cherous gust of wind, creeping behind her, blew out her light; and then a. fierce bullying blast tore the umbrella i from her feeble grasp and carried it far away to a distant horse-pond. I Twice she hesitated. Should she return ? Nx>; as she truly said, the entire household nt the Abbey was in confusion, and it was her place a?id duty to set it in order. Like brave Martin Luther, when threatened with assassination at Worms, come what may, she " would go on [ Pelted by the pitiless storm, her clothes so many water-soaked rags clinging to her shrinking figure and impeding her movements, the poor old soul pushed forward, still grasping the extinguished lantern and keeping a frightened gaze around her, A churchyard by night while a storm is raging is hot an exhilarating object of contemplation, especially when the tall, spectral trees are bend ing like willow-wands around you and the hurrying clouds descend lower and lower, as though they would wrap the whole world in a,pall of death, Mary Bleek was not only supersti tious, but, so 'her friends said when talking among themselves, " she stood on the brink of the spirit world " her self ; a filmy old creature, who at any; hour might pass away like the early morning mist. A strange old woman/ whose humble thread of life, fate had woven into the rich embroidery of the Wentworth loom, and which if torn away would be utterly destroyed. She must go. home; and her home for sixty-five years had been Went worth Abbey. Utterly exhausted at last, she sat herself down to rest for a few moments under the sheltering boughs of a yew tree—a yew-tree broad and vast, whose loots struck deep down among the bones of men. Wet and shivering, she drew her thick shawl around her, leaning back against the huge tree-trunk, and pro fcected by the outspread of the mighty branches from the rain. Was slie asleep 1 Only a partial sleep. Nevertheless seated on the wet churchyard grass and under the dark, branches, of the yew-tree, she saw a vision. And this is what she saw, or thought she saw. j 