THE NOVELIST. NO NEW THING. BY W. K. NOKBIS, Author of " Matrimony," " Heaps of Money," and " Mademoiselle de Maniac." CHAPTER I. FRIENDSHIP. It is now close upon three thousand years since an old King in Jerusalem sat down iu some weariness and bitterness of spirit to re cord his conviction that nothing new was dis coverable by human wisdom : " The thing that hath been, it is that which shall be; and that which is done is that which shall be done ; and there is no new thing under the sun." A later and less famous philosopher has added to this that there is nothing true, together with the comfortable conclusion that "it don't signify." To such extreme lengths not many of us will be prepared to go; but it will be agreed on all hands that our common mortal nature remains much the same to-day as it was in King Solomon's time. Now, as then, gardens and orchards, men-singers and women-singers, gold and sil ver, and all the delights of the sons of men can bestow nothing but satiety; now, as then, the experience of all the past genera tions is of very little service to the passing one ; now, as then, the wise man's eyes are in his head, while the fool walketh in darkness, and one event happeneth to them all; very much the same rices and virtues flourish, and meet with very much the same degree of recognition. ' And so, when a small novelist of the nineteenth century takes up his pen to describe, within the limits of his small capa city, that infinitesimal section of humanity which lias come under his own observation, no one, surely—except a very unreasonable person—will expect his work to be novel in anything save the name. The following story; then, will professedly contain nothing new. The personages who are to figure in it will be, without exception, unremarkable personages. There will be good and bad folks among them ; but none of these will be very good or very bad, and the events of their several and joint lives will not be half so startling as many that may be read of in the newspapers every day. It is to be hoped, however, that readers will not allow themselves to be discouraged by the candour of this preliminary confession, but will plod cheerfully on; and who knows hut that, before they reach the last words of the hist chapter, they may light upon some thing that will be at any rate new to them ? —seeing that the}' will not he all of them j Solomons. For, although there he nothing new in the planet which we inhabit, it by no means follows that phenomena calculated to fill us with the most profound astonishment are not daily occurring upon its surface. Are we not invariably astonished by some proof that our fellow-creaturcs are made of the Bame clay as ourselves? Does not ingrati tude, for instance, shock to the full as much as it angers us, especially when we suffer per sonally in consequence of it ? When we "are brought face to face with selfishness, base ness, infidelity, are we not usually as much surprised at the sorry spectacle as if such failings bad never been heard of beforehand as if we ourselves were wholly exempt from them? Does any man understand how his neighbour can be so utterly stupid as to fall a victim to self-deception ? All these qualities, and their opposites, will appear incidentally in the course of the ensuing pages; so that the fault will lie with the writer, not with the subject, if no inte rest is felt in the persons treated of; the first of whom shall, without further waste of words, be introduced upon the scene as he hurries along the platform of the Charing Cross Station on a bright summer's morning. " Guard," says he, I want a smoking-car Very good. Sir." " And—here you are, guard." " Thank you, Sir." " Just lock the door, will you, till we're off? I don't wont anybody else in here." " I'll do the best I can, Sir," says the func tionary, making use of the time- honoured formula of^his.genus; and apparently his efforts to earn five shillings in defiance of the Company's regulations are crowned with the success which honest labour merits, for pre sently the train glides out of the station with but one occupant of the carriage in question. The passenger who had displayed so great a love of privacy as to require an entire smok ing compartment for his own use lit a cigar, sighed heavily one ortwice. and«' ' , dropped into i a brown study, which, judging by the frown on his brow and the worried expression of his face, muBt have had some intricatejand per- 1 plexing matter for its starting- point. He was a tall, thin man, whom some people might have called fine- looking, but whom no one, probably, would have considered handsome. He had a pair of pleasant brown eyes, a nose j which was decidedly too large for beauty, and his mouth was concealed by a long moustache, which he twisted and tugged in the course of liis meditations. He had in no way the appearance of a young man, although his age at this time could hardly have ex ceeded three and-thirty. Some men, as the casual observer has doubtless noticed, jire serve the ways and the air of youth up to the | confines of middle age; while others—and : tneee are perhaps tue majority—pass tnrougu a transition period which is neither the one tiling nor the other. Our solitary passenger was of the latter class. The casual observer would scarcely liavo found anything suffi ciently striking about him to excite curious speculations aB to his identity; but no obser ver, however casual, could have felt one instant's doubt as to what was his calling in life. He was a soldier from the crown of his closely cropped head to the tips of his well-blacked boots : and observers with an eye for detail might even have formed a tolerably confident guess at the branch of the service to which he belonged. Had he been an officer of infantry he would not have had a clearly defined diagonal line across his forehead, separating a corner of white Ekin from a larger expanse of red brown; a hussar or a laucer would have -been more fashionably, and a plunder more loudly, dressed. There remain the two scientific corps; and some trifling points about this gentleman, Buch as his attitude, as he sat slightly sideways, his right leg tucked under the seat and his left stretched out stiffly before him, seemed to harmonise with the addresses upon a packet of letters which lie presently drew from his pocket— " Captain Kenyon, R.H. A., Aldershot." < He had read his letters before, for the envelopes were all torn open; but possibly he may have desired to refresh his inemory by reading them again. He ran through the first two or three briskly enough ; they had a legal aspect, and evidently related to matters of business. But over the last he lingered for a long time, often referring back to words already perused, breaking off every now and again to gaze abstractedly out of the window, smiling faintly sometimes, yet ' sighing even while be smiled, and main taining always the puzzled and anxious ex pression of one who has got into a situation of which the full significance is not yet clear to hini. This letter was written in a woman's firm, flowing hand, upon paper with a broad black border, and ran as follows " Longkournc, 18th August. " Mv dear Hugh, "I ought to have written before this to thank you for the kind letter which you sent me four mouths u^o; but I am sure chat I need not really apologise, and that you will know that 1 did uot value your sympathy the less because I could not acknowledge it just at once. If I could have written to anybody, it would have been to you. Now I am quite able to write, and to talk to you too: and you need not have any scruple about discussing the business matters which you say we must go into, because I want to hear about them, and to know what my duties are, and where lam to begin, and all the rest. Auil 1 do very much loug to see you. The others mean to be kind, but they dou't understand; and of course they cannot, never having had to suiter in quite the same way that I do. It is only you who have the secret of putting yourself m everybody's place, and knowing things that you have never been told, and could not have keen told. Do you re member how poor, old nurse used to say, "There's not a man or woman in Craymin ster as can hold a candle to 'Ugh 7' And then the person she was addressing would simper, and look down with an air of modest deprecation, till she ex plained, ' Bless your soul, 1 don't mean you! I mean "'Ugh Kenyou." I reminded thein of it yesterday, when we were talking j of your coming down; and I think they were a little shocked at my laughing. They think I ought not to be able to laugh, and at tbe same time they talk of the necessity of my ' rousing myself,' and arc in a terrible fright lest I should 'shut myself up and mope.' My father reminds me that I have many duties and responsibilities to face, and a career of great usefulness open to roe; and Sir. Langley warns me to beware of the temptation of a selfish sorrow, and is con vinced that I should be better in mind and body if I went to confession. I don't think I will go to confession ; but of course I should like to be of use to others, if I can, and I do wish and intend to put my wretched self out of sight, and let my neigh bor s suppose that I have 'got over' my trouble, as every one is expected to do after a time. But, oh ! dear old Hugh, you know, if nobody else does, that that is qnite an impossibility, and that neither four months, nor four years, nor any number of years can make tbe smallest difference. It won't be the same Margaret whom you used to chase round the Precincts when she was a child, and whom you used to dance with at the county balls when she was a gawky girl it won't be that Margaret who will meet you to-morrow, but another person altogether, who has somehow got into her skin, and would give anything to be out of it. I died when Jack died; that was the end of my hap piness and the end of my life. Only some one, who iB I and yet not I, has got to live many years longer in a world which is the old world, and. yet is a totally new one; for, like auld Robin Gray's wife, ' I'm no like to dee.' And so it is all bewilderment and a puzzle ; and I think, if any one can give the clue to it, it will be you. Yon remember how I used to run to you in all my little troubles in the old days—you were always my best friend. And then you were Jack's best friend too. I have got a few things of his to give you—his gun, and a trout rod, and some other things. 1 don't know whether they are good of their kind; but I thought you would like to have them, so I set them aside for you. It has been such a comfort to me that he made you his exe cutor. Old Mr. Stanniforth has written to me; but he seemed to think you would tell me all that it was necessary for me to knew —and I would very much rather have it so. I can't tell you what a relief it will be to me to be able to talk to some one just as I feeL "Ishould never have ventured to inflict all this rambling egotism upon any one but you, and perhaps, after now, I won't make even that exception ; but I know you will forgive it for this once. I have a great deal to tell you and ask you about; but it will be better said than written. " Ever your affectionate friend, " Mabgabet Stannifobth.' " A comfort to her that Jack made me his executor!" muttered Captain Kenyon, as he restored this letter to his pocket, after having perused. it often enough to have learnt its contents by heart. " 1 hope it may be a comfort to her, poor thing ! I hope so, I'm sure, with all my heart. Xt ain't much of a auiwt wtvu au uiv u«aiv< comfort to me, I know.'! ™ his He sighed, relighted his cigar, which had gone out, ana shifted his place from one side of the carriage to the other and then back again. " Not tbatl grudge the trouble, mind you," he added, apologetically addressing an imaginary hearer, " nor the—the—awkward ness of it; it isn't that. But " He did not finish the sentence, but presently re sumed, in a more decided and cheerful voice " Well, Lord knows how it will all end! but for the present my duty is clear and simple enough ; there's some consolation in that. So he gave his broad shoulders a shake, as though mental burdens could be cast off after that easy fashion, and, turning to the window, looked out at the woods and hills and matures of the jneasaut county where he bad been born and brea,_ and through which the train was now rushing. It was a fear since he had last gazed at those familiar scenes and landmark's. Barely twelve months before he had travelled down from Aldershot on just such a sunny summer's morning, to be present at a gay wedding at Crayminster Cathedral. It had been his pleasing duty to act as best man on that occasion, and the bridegroom had been his old friend Jack Stanuiforth, and the bride his still older friend Margaret Wiunington, the daughter of the Bishop. The ceremony bad been a grandand largely attended one.and had created no small stir in the county, where Mrs. Win nington, whose eldest daughter had recently been led to the altar by no less a personage than Lord Travers, enjoyed that mixture of respect, envy, and detraction which commonly falls to the lot of mothers who marry their daughters well. Jack Stanniforth, to be sure, was hardly bo big a fish as Lord Travel's, being not only unconnected with the aristocracy, but devoid, +o all intents and purposes, of bo much as an authentic grand father. But then, as everybody remarked, Kate liad been a beauty, whereas Margaret was really almost what yon might call a plain girl, and the riches of the Stanuifortlis were understood to be boundless. Big fish or little fish, Jack had, as a matter of fact, been landed by no skill on the part of his future mother-in-law, but simply by his own goodwill and pleasure. He hod been brought down into those waters by Hugh Kenyon, who was thus responsible, if any oue was, for his subsequent capture ; and it was therefore only right and proper that Hugh should have been present, in his best blue frock coat and with a sprig of stcphanotis in his buttonhole, to stand behind the bride groom on the auspicious day. Of old Mr. Stanniforth, the wealthy Man chester merchant, wiio dwelt in a palace near the city in which he had made his for tune, and who rarely stirred beyond his own park gates, Crayminster knew nothing and London very little; but his two sous had the privilege of a large acquaintance in the metro polis and beyond it, and were as popular as rich, well-mannered, and modest men are sure to he. Tom, the elder, had for some time sat as one of the members for a large manufacturing borough ; Jack, the younger, had entered a smart hussar regiment, and had disported himself therein, during the early years of his youth, to the satisfaction of himself and his Brother officers, and to the intense admiration of the opposite sex, until he had added to all his other charms the crowning one of inheriting unexpectedly a large fortune by the death of a maternal uncle. upon this he had sent in his papers; and almost immediately afterwards, haying hap pened to go down to Crayminster with his triend Keuyon, had seen Margaret, had fallen in love with her, and, after a brief courtship, had proposed and been accepted. Little as Captain Keuyon had foreseen such a result of his introduction of the ex-hussar to the BiBhop'B family, his share in bringing it about was not the less gratefully and inag uanimously acknowledged by Mrs. Wilming ton. "Dear Hugh," she had Baid, in her most benign mannet, "I shall never forget, and I am sure Margaret will never forget, that her happiness has come to lier through you." And this compliment should have been the more agreeable to its recipient, inasmuch as Mrs. winnington had not always been used to address him in so friendly a tone. Of course—as she would often explain to her intimates—she was devoted to dear old Hugh, and during the lifetime of her uncle the Dean he had almost lived in the house, and had been quite like a son to herself and an elder brother to her daughters; but now that Kate and Margaret were growing up, one reaily had to be a little more careful; because people would talk, and there was no saying what preposterous notions men might not get into their heads if proper precautious were not taken to nip such notions in the bud. There had, there fore, been occasions upon which a sense of duty had led Mrs. Winnington to turn the cold shoulder to her dear old Hugh, and to point out to him with somewhat unnecessary emphasis how great was the disparity of years between bim and the young ladies to whom he had been "quite like au elder brother." Now a glance at Hart's Army List would have disclosed the fact that Jack Stan niforth was only Captain Kcnyon's junior by a year; but, as has been already remarked, some men are young up to the verge of middle age, while others have ceased to be so before they arc out of the twenties; and Jack cer tainly belonged to the former and Hugh to the latter category. He had, indeed, been so long accustomed to hearing himself addressed as "old Hugh," that he had ended by accept ing the adjective in its literal sense and ac quiescing in its propriety; nor hod lie failed to join in the laughter which arose from all sides when the bridegroom, in returning thanks at the wedding breakfast, had ex pressed a hope that his best man would soon follow his bright example. Old Hugh was so evidently a predestined old bachelor. Immediately after the wedding the young couple had started for Switzerland and Italy upon a tour which was prolonged far beyond the limits of ordinary honeymoons, the excuse for their protracted absence^ being that their new home could not possibly be made ready to receive them in less than six months at earliest. This new home was that fine old place Longbourne, near Crayminster, for many generations the residence of the Brune family. It had come into the market Borne years previously, owing to the neces sitous circumstances of the owner, and had found a purchaser in Mr. Stanniforth of Man chester. What could have been Mr. Stani forth's object in acquiring an estate which he had scarcely seen and showed no disposition to occupy" was a puzzle to everybody, until the construction of the Crayminster and the Craybridge branch line, which cut through an angle of the property, with satisfactory results to the pocket of its new owner, seemed to throw tome light upon the mystery. Now, the old gentleman, in au easy and princely fashion, nod offered Long bourne as a wedding gift to his second son-, stipulating only that ne should be allowed to gut the iplace in order before the bride and ridegroom took possession of it. They, for. their part, were nothing loth to consent to an arrangement which promised them a somewhat longer holiday under southern skies; and so architects and artists, land scape-gardeners, stonemasons, and uphol sterers had come down from London in a small army, and had busied themselves throughout the winter in beautifying the house and grounds, which were destined never to be enjoyed by those for whose sake all this- expense ana trouble had been iucuried. For, one afternoon, Jack Stan niforth, a strong man, who had scarcely known what illness was in the course of his merry life, rode back to Rome feeling tired and chilled after hunting on the Cam pagna; and the next day he took to his bed ; and before the week was out he was dead aud buried. Under the shock of this sudden and terrible calamity the young widow had fallen into a sort of stupor, which at first caused con siderable alarm both to her friends and to her medical advisers. The latter had enjoined absolute rest, change of scene, a bracing atmosphere, and wnat not—since doctors, when they are called in, must needs enjoin something—and Mrs. Wilmington had has tened out to Italy, and had taken her daughter, passive and indifferent, to the Engadine. After a time Margaret had rallied, had returned by her own desire to England, and had taken up her residence at Long bourne. where it now became necessary that Hugh Eenyon should seek her out, in order to explain to her the provisions of her hus bands will, under which he and the dead man's father had been appointed executors and trustees. Such was the condensed tragedy of which the details passed quickly through Captain Kenyon's mind as he sat looking out of the railway carriage window. And as he remem bered it all, and how, only the other day, he liad travelled over the same ground on his way down to the wedding; and how, but a few months before that, Margaret had not even seen the man who was to be her husband; be could not help saying to himself that it was impossible that so brief an episode— however terrible it might be—should cast a permanent gloom over a young life. " It isn't the same thing," he mused, " it can't be the same thing, as losing a husband or a wife after twenty years of married life. That would be like hairing an arm or a leg cut off— there would be aoniething gone from one which one could never forget nor replace. But this—well, this is more like having a tooth out; a wrench and a howl, and all's over." Then, repenting of having used so homely a metaphor, even in thought, he muttered sadly, "Poor Jack—poor old fel low !" Presently the train drew up in the Cray minster Station, and a groom in mourning livery came to the door and touched his hat. The dog-cart was waiting outside, he said, and was there any luggage, please? No}; Kenyon answered, there was no luggage; he was going back that same evening. He climbed into the dog-cart, but declined to take the reins. With an odd sort of pang and feeling of compunction, he had recog nised the cart as one that Jack used to drive, and the horse as one of his friend's old hunters. As the vehicle clattered through the narrow streets of the old town, more than one pedestrian nodded and waved his hand to its occupant: but Hugh, who kept his eyes obstinately fixed upon his boots, saw none of these friendly signals. He knew that by no possibility could he traverse Craymiuster on any day of the week without encountering at least a dozen acquaintances ; and he was afraid of being stopped and questioned. Therefore he would not look up, and was relieved when lie had left the town behind him and was well out into the open country. Halt an hours drive, at first across broad water-meadows and then through woods and up a long gradual incline, brought him to the lodge gates of Longbourue—new gates and a new lodge, as Hugh observed. He had known the place well in the late M'. Brune's time, and was prepared to iind it altered, not alto gether for the better, by the touch of the Manchester millionaire. It appeared, how ever, that Mr. Stanniforth's taste, or the taste of those employed by him, had been better than Hugh had anticipated; for the alterations were not conspicuous, and such as there were were of a kind to which excep tion could not be taken. In the undulating park and in the long avenue of limetrces, which was the pride of Longbourne, there was no room for change; only the gardens had been extended and improved; new lawns and terraces had been laid out, and brilliant masses and ribbons of colour replaced the scanty and ill-tended flower-beds of former years. The house itself, a red-brick struc ture, which, like most country houses of its date, was said to have been built after designs of Inigo Jones, showed no traces of inter ference, except in so far as that its white stone facings had been renewed or cleaned; no plate-glass had superseded the many panes of .the large oblong windows, nor was the long flat facade disfigured by any modern bows or bays. Hut when once the hall-door'was passed, Hugh found himself upon totally unknown ground. Under the Brune rigime the furni ture of the mansion had been meagre and its servants few; now there was perhaps rather a superabundance of both. The entrance hall was embellished with antlers, with old carved-oak chests and cabinets, with huge vases of Oriental china and with armchairs in stamped leather. The drawing-room, into which Hugh was ushered, had been despoiled of its tarnished gliding, it® brocade and three pile Axminster; and in lieu of these departed glories was a more sober style of decoration; subdued colouring; a few paintings by old Dutch masters; chairs, sofas, and tables more valuable than resplendent. Everything was perfectly correct—a little too correet, Huglf thought; for at the time with which we are concerned correctness of upholstery had not yet become the chief aim and object of the British householder. The place looked a trifle cold and stiff and uninhabited; and over the whole establishment there brooded the solemn hush of wealth. While Captain Kenyon was proceeding with his unspoken criticisms the door opened, and a tall, slim woman, dressed in widow's weeds, entered, and held out her hand to him, saying, "How do you do, Hugh 5" in a low, quiet voice. Though he could hardly have been unprepared for the appearance of this lady, be started as violently as if he had seen a ghost, and finding not a word to say, grasped her hand silently, while lie looked into Her face witli an eager, questioning gaze. The face that ho scanned so anxiously was not beautiful, nor even pretty. For one thing, it was extremely pale, with that grey pallor which comes only trom illness or suffering; and, as is often the case with fair-complexioned women, the colour lessness was not confined to the cheeks, but seemed to have extended to tho hair and eyes, the former of which ought to have been, but was not, golden, while the latter ought to have been, but were not, blue. An old fashioned passport would probably have summed up the remaining-features tersely with "forehead high, nose ordinary, mouth rather large." It was, however, an honeBt, trustworthy, and kind face—a face which all dogs.and children, and Borne discriminating adults, understood and loved at the first glance. Margaret Stanniforth had never been accounted a beauty, yet she never lacked admirers; and, when in the glow of youth and health, she might even have passed for a pretty girl, had she not happened to. be the plain one of a family somewhat notorious for good looks. For the rest, she had a good figure; she earned her head, well, as all the Winningtons do, and Bhe had, as they all have, a certain undefinable grace and air of good breeding. The sight of her in those deep mourning robes almost unmanned the soft-hearted Hugh; and, instead of one of the brisk little cheerful speeches which he had rehearsed on his way fiom the station, he blurted out something awkward and incoherent, at last, about never having thought he should meet her again like this; bntshe had the quiet ease of mauner which belongs to unselfish people, and she cave him time to recover himself by talking about the proposed restoration of the Cathedral, and her father's Bpcech in the House of Lords, and other matters which could be treated of without danger of distur bance to any one's equanimity. "Are you all alone here?'' Hugh asked at length. JL am now. 1 uaa two o: tue boys witn me until yesterday: but they have gone back to school." She added after a pause, " My mother is very kind, and would stay with me as long as I liked; but of course she is wanted at home ; and, as I shall have to be a great deal by myself in future, I thought it was better to begin at once." She spoke without a tremor in her voice, quite calmly and almost coldly ; aud Hugh was just the least bit in the world disap pointed and chilled. Her speech was so very unlike her letter, he thought, llut then the speech of most people is unlike their letters. Presently luncheon was announced, and he had to seat himself opposite Mrs. Stanniforth in a dining-room, or rather dining-hall, which would have accommodated fifty guests com fortably. He had hoped that a cover might have been laid for him beside her, for he had an uncomfortable feelicg about occupying Jack's place: but the butler had probably our itted to take this delicate scruple into ac count. The repast was prolonged and very dreary. The table, though narrowed to its smallest dimensions, was still a long one; and Hugh and Margaret laboriously kept up con versation in a high key across it, conscious all the time of being furtively watched by a discreet butler and two stealthy giants in mourning livery. Hugh thought to himself that, if he were Margaret, and if lie were compelled to eat his meals every day with three respectful pairs of eyes fixed upon liini, he should infallibly go out of his senses in less than a week. Perhaps she guessed what was passing through his mind, for as soon as they were alone she said, laughing a little, " Tliose servants are a terrible ordeal to me. I found them here when I arrived; Mr. Stanniforth had supplied them, with the furniture and carriages and all the rest. 1 am hoping that you will tell me I must dismiss at least two of them." " Oh, I don't thiDk there will be any need for that," answered Hugh. "No? So much the worse for me, then. Shall we go back to the drawing-room now, and get our business talk over?" Jack Stanniforth's will was a portentous document of the old fashioned pattern, drawn up for liini by his father's lawyers and signed by him on his wedding-day. The effect of it —there being no child born of the marriage was that, subject to the usual restrictions, his widow took a life-interest in all his pro perty, real and personal; which, together with her settlements, would give her an income of from fourteen to fifteen thousand a year. But it took Captain Kenyonsome little time to state this simple fact, He was a man of an orderly and slowly-moving mind, and he thought it incumbent upon him to explain the will, clause by clause, going into many details which his hearer only half understood, and with which it IB needless that the reader should be worried. "Fifteen thousand a year!" ejaculated Margaret, with a sigh, when he had at last reached his conclusion; " that sounds an enormous sum of money." " Well, yes; it is a large sum. Not so large as it might have been if we had not been so tied down as to investments ; still " "Still, enough-to live upon with strict economy." interrupted Margaret, with a slight laugh. " Hugh," she added suddenly, "do you know what I should liko to do ?" " Yes; you would like to give away the whole of it to somebody without Iosb of time." /'Not exactly that; but I should like to give Longhourne away; or at least to restore it to its proper owner." " To Mr. Stanniforth, do you mean ?" " No; to the Brunes. It really belongs to them, you know; we have no "right to the place. Jack felt that very strongly, and he aid not at all like the idea of coming to live here. He always used to say that Mr. Brune had been depnved of his prpperty by an unfair bargain." Hardlv that, I think. Of course it was a bit of bad luck for him. If he had held on a little longer the raihvav would have put him pretty nearly straight, I suppose; but no one could have foreseen that at the time of Bale." ' Margaret was silent. " At ail events," she said presepHy, " I want to kt hira have his own hack now, if it can be managed." " But, my dear Margaret, it cannot possibly be managed." "Why not?" " For many good reasons; but one of them is final. The place is not yoursto dispose of. I am afraid i must have explained matters very stupidly: but the fact is that you are only a tenant for life." " It is I who was stupid; I ought to have listened more attentively. And what be comes of Longbourne after my death ?" "Well, then it goes, with the rest of the property, to Tom Stanniforth or his heirs." - " Tom Stanniforth will have more money than he will know what to do with," ob served Margaret. "I am sure he would willingly surrender his chance of inheriting Longbourne." "Iain not much of a lawyer; but'I almost doubt whether he could. In any case, Mr. Brune would not be very likely to accent a gift of an estate from a stranger; and he could not buy it back. -1 used to see the elder brother sometimes in years gone by: this one I hardly knew; but from what I have heard of him I should think he was about the last man in the world to whom one could venture to propoie such a thing. Margaret rose, ana walked to the window. " Ah, well," she said, " it was only an idea of mine; I scarcely expected to be able to carry it out. But, Hugh, I feel almost certain of one thing: I shall never be able to go on living here." Hugh wrinkled up his forehead, and looked distressed. If he had felt free to speak out plainly the thought that was in his mind, he would have answered, " I am sure you won't. Flesh aud blood couldn't Btand it." But women are so uncertain; and so prone to act upon impulse; and it is not always wise or kind to show all the sympathy that one may feel. Upon the whole it seemed best to reply, " I wouldn't do anything in a hurry if I were you." Margaret went on, as if she had hot heard him. " It isn't the solitude that I mind; I could be contented enough in a little cottage, with a cook and a housemaid to look after me j but I was never meant to rule over a large establishment. The small worries of it suffocate me. One would think that a great sorrow like mine, ought to make me indif ferent to small worries; but somehow or other it doesn't. You would.be amused if you knew how frightened I am of the ser vants. There is an old housekeeper, a Mrs. Prosser, who wob here under Mr. Brune, and who took care of the house all the time that it stood empty, after Mr Stanniforth bought it. I am obliged to have an interview with her every morning, and she is very respectful and deferential; but of course she looks upon me as an interloper, and she lias a way of standing with her hands clasped before ner, turning one thumb slowly over the other and staring at me with her little black eyes, which makes me so nervous that I hardly know what I am sayinc to her." " Give her the sack." 1 don t thuik X should ever dare. And there would be no excuse for sending heraway either, for, as far as I can judge, she is an admirable housekeeper. Besides, the butler and tbe coachman are quite as bad in their way. Sometimes I have thought of entering a sisterhood. Would that be very wrong, do you think?" "I don't think it would be wrong," answered Hugh slowly; " but " " Yes; I know there arc a great manybuts; too many for me to think, except in a vague sort of way, of doing such a thiug as yet. I keep it as a last resource—in case 1 should find my life quite unbearable." Captain Kenyon had risen, and was stand ing beside her at the window now. " Oh, Hugh," she said suddenly, clasping her hands round his arm, " what am X 'o do ? What am I to do with my life ? " "My dear," he answered, greatly moved and full of pity, yet quite unable to express what he felt, " how can I tell you ? You must have patience. When things go wron^ with us, there is nothing for it but jiatience. After all, it is seldom by speech that a sense of sympathy and friendship is conveyed. Perhaps no eloquence could have given Mar garet more comfort than these few words from a friend who was himself always patient, always brave, and whose life had hern full of petty troubles, arising for the most part out of the lack of that which she found so heavy a burden. "I will try,"she said, straightening her self up. " Only it Beems to me that it would be so much easier if I were not rich. Every body keeps repeating to me that money is such a blessing, and that I ought to be so thankful for it; and yet what can it do for me ? Nothing—absolutely nothing!" "It is at least so far a blessing that it brings independence with it." " But if one does not want to be indepen dent ? I am one of those weak people who are born to be subordinates and to be told their duty day by day. Is there no way in which I could rid myself of this enormous income ? " " I'm afraid not. You see, the will says let me see; where is it? Oh, here—'Trusts.'" And Hugh began reading in a hurried, mumb ling voice—" • To be received by her my said wife for her own use and benefit during her life or until she shall marry again or until she shall sell assign mortgage or charge or other wise encumber the same or attempt so to do or shall do or suffer or become subject or liable to some act proceeding matter or thing whereby the same interest dividends and annual produce if payable to her absolutely for her life would become vested in or pay able to some other person or persons Pro vided nevertheless and '" " Oh, never mind," interrupted Margaret, with a half laugh. "I quite understand that there is no legal way out of the difficulty." And she wondered why a slight flush hod mounted into Hugh's brown cheeks while he had been reading, and why he looked so oddly, and was such a long time in folding up the big document again. How could she tell that he had loved her almost from her childhood ? How could she tell that her marriage to his friend had shat tered all his hopes and day- dreams? How could she tell that that possibility of her re-marriage, contemplated as a mere formality by the will, was one that, despite poor Hugh's honest efforts to banish it from his mind, was forcing its way thither every day and every hour? These were oecrets which Captain Kenvon had hitherto successfully kept, and was likely to continue to keep to himself. If,'in the depths of his heart, he had begun to lock forward to some remote future time, at which Margaret, having read and re-read this dark page of her life, might find that the power was still in her to .open a fresh one, and if he had heard with a certain inward exultation of her anxiety to be free from that wealth which must needs be hers so long as she bore the name of Stanniforth, he was sincerely ashamed of such thoughts, and did his best to stifle them. For lie had been loved and trusted by the man who was dead; he was trusted, and in a manner also loved, hv the dead man's widow; and to be guilty of an unspoken treachery to either of them was what he could not bear without self reproach. But if the tongue is an unruly member, the brain is a substanoe yet more unruly, and is wont to assert its independence after a specially vexatious fashion when it receives direct orders from the will. Therefore this conscientious executor and compissionate friend was ill at case, and discharged himself of Mb double functions in an awkward, guilty, and half- hearted manner. He fancied, at least, that he was doing so; as a fact, he could hardly have shown greater kindness to Margaret than bv abstaining as he did, from counsel or consolation, and by listening to her in silence while she told him of the incidents of her short wedded Jife and of the swift catastrophe which had closed it. She shed no tears; she had a low, pleasantly modulated voice; she talked so calmly that it might almost have been the story of another woman's life that she was relating. Pacing by her side along the shady lawns, he heard her with a mixture of pleasure and pain and hoplessneBS. He knew—though she never said so—that he was the first person to whom she had spoken 60 openly since her husband's death; he knew that she was treating him with a confidence which she would not have reposed in her father or mother; but this knowledge made him neither more sanguine nor less remorseful. " You will come and see me again soon, won't you?" she asked, when the time came for him to bid her good-bye. And he answered hurriedly, "Yes; as soon as lean—that is, as soon as you please. I can almost always get away for a day now; and you know you can't give me greater pleasure than by send ing for me whenever you want me." Nevertheless, as 'he drove away, he hoped that no very speedy summons from her would reach him. Such advice or assis tance as it was in his power to give her would be more easily and safely conveyed by letter than by word of mouth, he thought; and it even occurred to him once or twice tc regret that he had not effected an exchange to India which had been upon the point of arrangement when the news of Jock Stanniforth's death and his own appointment as executor had caused him to abandon the project. On the platform he encountered the Bishop of Crayminster, who was on Ms way to hold a series of confirmations in neighbouring towns, and who hurried up to nim with trembling hands outstretched. "Ah, my dear Kenyon, my dear friend, this is a sad meeting! You have been with our poor Margaret—poor dear!—poor dear! How little we anticipated this a year ago!" The Bishop of Crayminster was a tall, thin, old gentleman, with "a weak, handsome face, blue eyes, and white hair. He spoke habi tually in tremulous lachrymose accents, ad dressed all men as "my dear friend," was greatly beloved by the clergy of his diocese and commiserated by their wives, who asserted that Mrs. Winnington ruled him with a rod of iron. x snouia iiKe rnucn to nave a lew nunuteB conversation with you," he said, casting an imploring glance at his chaplain, who dis creetly got into a carriage lower down in the train, leaving Hugh to enter the empty com Sartmeut which had been reserved for the ishop. "And how did yon find her?" asked the latter, when the train had begun to move. " Sadly altered, I fear; terribly shaken and bowed down?" " Well, no," answered Hugh, "I can't say that she struck me as being exactly that. Of course she feels the loneliness of her position a good deal, and the—the weight of her wealth, you ktiojv." " Ah yes, dear me, yes! Riches are indeed a doubtful blessing. But we must not repine. Poverty is perhaps a more severe trial." " Perhaps it is." "In some ways—in some ways. I don't know what she will do with herself, poor child." " She spoke of entering a sisterhood," Hugh remarked. " The Bishop threw up his white hands in dismay. " A sisterhood ! Oh, my dear friend, I trust you dissuaded her from taking so serious a step as that." "Oh, I don't think she contemplated it very seriously. In time, I dare say, she will learn to stand alone; but it comes a little hard upon a woman just at first" "It does—it does indeed. Her mother thinks—of course it is early days yet to speak of anything of the kind; but mothers will look forward—she thinks that dear Margaret may eventually marry again. Perhaps we ought to hope that it may be so. I doubt whether our dear Margaret's shoulders are broad enough to bear the cares of life un aided." "If she does marry again she will be de livered from the cares of a large fortune," said Hugh bluntly. "Her interest in Stanni forth's estate terminates with her death or re marriage." "Eh?—really? I don't think Mrs. Win nington—I—er—I did not understand that. Is it not rather an—unusual arrangement ?" " I believe not at all." " Ah, well; I am very ignorant of such matters—very ignorant. Can this be Cray hridge already? Well, my dear friend, 1 must bid you goodbye. I trust we shall see you in these parts again before long. Hear Margaret, I know, leans very much upon your help and advice; and I am sure you will advise her wisely." The Bishop had taken Hugh's big brown hand, and was patting it paternally. " We must trust to time and Providence," he said, " and not try overmuch to rule the destinies of others. For my own part, I am disposed to be of St. Paul's mind with regard to widows. They arc happier if they so abide— happier if they so abide." And with that His Lordship descended Blowly to the platform, and shuffled away on his chaplain's arm. 