THE OLD MAN'S GHOST. Several days ago a celebrated spiritualist came to Little Rock, and stated that before giving a public entertainment ho would give a seance, where amnumber of a small, invited circle could call up the spirits of their friends and converse with them By mistake a man from down the river was admitted, a man whose reputation for deeds of violence would not place his spirit above par in the soul market. After listening awhile to rapping born-blowing, and gauze veil materialisation, the »ad man rose and said: "Say, Cap'n, wliar's the old man's ghost 1" "Whatold man?" asked the medium. "My old man, the governor. Call him up." " What is his name /'* " Tom Bealick; call him up." " 1 don't think we are in communication with him to-night." " What's the matter /—wire down ?" " No, the old gentleman is olf on a visit." "Now, here, just shut up your wardrobe and turn on your light. If you don't give the old man's ghost a show, the tiling shan't run.'' " Wait; I'll see if he'll come." said the spiritualist. " If he raps three times lie is willing ; if only onec, he has other engagements." A sharp rap sounded. " He is unwilling " continued the spiritualist, "Now, hcie," said the bad man, " that warn'tmy ole man's knock. Why, cf he'd hit that table he'd splintered it. Call him up," and drawing a revolver, the affectionate son cast a severe look on the medium. " To tell the truth, I can't, call him up." " Tell him that I want to see liiin. That'll fetch him." "No; he won't come: but. I beg of you to be patient. Wait: ah, lie will come presently, He is here and desires to talk witli you. Ho say's that lie is perfectly happy, and that, iie longs for the time when you will be with him. He is one of tho rulers in the spirit land." " Cap'n, you're the infernalist liar in Arkansas." " Why so, sir I " " Because the old man is in the city prison, drunk as a fool."— Little Hack (lazette Supreme Court. Sydney, decided that the mere placing upon the wharf of goods discharged from a vessel is notj[sufiicicnt delivery under a bill of lading. * * ^ 