Wovelfet * j GRIT. A Story of the past and present; of orfli nary men and ordinary things, in ordi nary language, BY DONALD CAMERON. AUTHOR OF ' IS THE FOIiDE OF THE SERPENT,' ' StLVEBWATEB BEKB,' ETC. ' Be sure thy sin will find thee out.' It is a beautiful belief-: That ever round our head Are hovering, on angel wings, The spirits of the dead. CHAPTER 1. It was a burning summer's day, on the great goldfield of Grit. The sun had' risen in a clear cloudless sky at dawn, blue as the purest nltramariiie; but, as the burning golden globe of the sun ascended the heavens, be coming a leaden yet glaring dark purple, relieved with chrome, on the horizon— ft chrome that encroached upon the purple as the day grew and the neat waxed fierce. From this terrible setting the sun shone upon the earth with all the power of a giant burning Class, the world reflecting the heat with a fieree resistance,, the result of the struggle being .seen in the nurage irhich made it seem as if the air' ?were' in combustion. And the world of Grit, upon which the sun shone that 'day, was'ol such a character as added fury to. die beat, and made it like Nebuchadnezzar's furnace. Standing upon the highest of the many hills of Grit, the eye took in an arid expanse of desert, wherein was not to be seen a green thing; nothing but yellow and red earth, 'and dingy bluish-grey gum trees — or rattier eucalypti scrub, — for the diggers had out down the older trees. Everywhere the eye saw the holes sunk by the miners, and their accom panying tumuli of red, yellow, white, or gray earth. Far below the observer could be seen thousands of tents on the fiat and hills — tents no doubt once white, but how of the prevail ing brick- red tone of color that made the beat and dazzle intolerable. It was a terrible day. So thought the in numerable tribes in the heat and dust of Gritty Flat, as they worked away, hauling up stuff from the shafts, or rocking the cradles by the muddy waterholes. It was agreed on Gritty Flat that such a day had not been ex perienced since the aoldfield had been opened. „. - But, as the same observation had been made ?*' every day during the past month, the remark could not carry much weight. Upon one tiling, howeTer, the diggers agreed that the only way to relieve the outer man was by pouring liquid into the inner — a belief wen carried out, for all day there was a constant .stream to the straggling street of tents called the town. It was a long street; straight, geometrically speaking, but crooked to the ex- . treme in its ways. There, on - this fearful* day, beer and brandy of very dubious quality^ were retailed fizzing hot — for the tents were famous heat conductors, and the thermometer would have registered over 100 degrees if placed in any of the liquids. Bed-hot barmen stood in front of the wooden structures called bars, retailing brandy and perspiration -at the same time. Numerous customers who had imbibed these decoctions and been too earnest in their devotions to Bacchus, had fallen in the unequal strife; and the newcomers had to step over their forms. What a sight was Gritty Gully that day. Thousands of tents glistened and blistered in ibe sun as if an army had encamped there to do battle with an enemy. And it was so. The army of Mammon had sought this once quiet spot, ana put to rout tne sylvan goas that abode there in peace for myriads of years. Henceforward it was to be a busy haunt of ? , the great race which seems destined to fill t|k the world : the Anglo-Saxon — the race that . ' fears neither climate, disease, nor death. Even now the institutions of the great Mother-land were in full force. Where the carcase is there will the eagles be gathered together. Where Englishmen are there will be whiskey and public meetings. At the lame we enter upon the scene the public square was filled with thousands of diggers who wet* holding a meeting about their rights in defi ance of the blazing sun. On a barrel— kept in its place by a couple of stalwart miners — a / furious demagogue was holding forth on the rights'of Britons, who never would be slaves except to the drink fiend ; who would have this, that, and the other thing if their blood were to flow around them — -but a flow of whiskey was the more likely event. Every now and then the demagogue's admirers would hand hi™ a large black bottle from which he drew inspiration, and returned to his task of vilifying his commission amidst the cheers of the crowd that exclaimed, as with one voice, ' Pine fellow, Bunakum. He takes his liquor like aman.' 'Fellow countrymen!' shouted the de magogue—his face as fiery as the 6un above his head. ' Are you to be slaves, to work in t this gully to feed such a vampire as that?' — shaking his huge red fist at the opposite ' nill known as the camp, where the goldfields' commissioner was supposed to be resting in the lap of luxury under a double- roofed tent. ' Will you toil until blood oozes from your fingers, that he may enjoy the fat of the land, and drink his wine, and smoke bis cigasr — the best Havanas — at your expense ? Never. !' 'Hooray !' came from a 'thousand throats. At this particular stage several in the crowd became irritated, when thinking of their wrongs ; and, by way of providing a safety valve fox their feelings, slashed intcthe per sons who did not cheer, which was presump tive evidence that they were hi league with the tyrants; and a few hundreds were hard at' fisticuffs, hitting away at random, and for the love of the thing. These ructions were glorious, and the diggers thoroughly enjoyed them. ' Fellow countrymen 1' cried Bunakum, whose pronunciation was now 'becoming thick, ' As that glorious sun shines resplendent, — [* Hooray,* shouted those not engaged in the combat, delighted at the use of such a big pnrasej — in tne-neavens above, supreme, so shall your rights be vindicated ; and you shall triumph over this fell and crael tyrant. Another drop, BilL' The last words were addressed to one of his supporters, who at once complied by handing him. the bottle. Bunakum took a powerful draught, and then, gazing over the crowd, attempted to speak, but utterly failed. ~rBe gave another idiotic look, and then fell back* into the arms of his friends, who bore him away to {he nearest shanty, amid the com miseration of alL ' It was too much for hnv feelings,' was the general expression — of course the liquor could have had nothing to do with it. He had fallen hi a noble cause. The platform was now mounted by a lather younger man. He was tan, and alUiough strong, of somewhat ungainly make. His face, red hair, and beard, marked, him as ? Scotch, or of Scotch descent. His counten ance bore a strange mingling of the sensual and the intellectual; in the mouth and jaw the former predominated, and in the brow the latter. The features were hard and unprepossessing except when he pleased and then there was a great fascination hi his face. A frown, howevever, was the general expression, and the face conveyed the idea of great dissatisfaction with -himself and the whole world. His was the face of a man who jhad-great expectations, -and had Hound them \--vanish like the visions of a happy night. No ^wonder that he was not over popular with the ;diggers. ', ' jthe diggers. 'He's not much account ! Too 'dry.' ' 'He doesn't take much grog,' said an in dividual, well advanced towards that happy stage, 'that ''counts for it.' . This was accepted by all as a good and suf ficient reason for Hector's dryness. Hector ?spoke hi a very' different 'style to that of 'JBunakum. He put the matter in- dispute very clearly, and sought to point out the 'best way of settling it, eschewing all appeals to the passions, fighting for their rights, repeat ing the Eureka Stockade episode, &c.;, &e.; :His remarks were coldly listened to by the crowd, slthonch he was ' Teoosnised as 'one : ol us.' Hector had epoken about fifteen minutes; when a woman elbowed her way towards the: barrel. She had once been beautiful. The traces of a fine skin and pleasing features, were 'still visible-; but an irregular life under the sun of Victoria made her not altogether sufficiently presentable in a drawing room. She too was evidently suffering from the general complaint. 'Come home, Hector,' she said mildly. ' What are you doing, blathering here when you ought to be at work ? Gome now, none of your nonsense and blathenskitmg. Get off that and come home with me, or things -will be worse for you.' Hector Machines blushed scarlet. A ter rible scowl clouded his face. \- ' Go home. Janet.' he said. ' I'll follow.' 'Nonsense, cried the woman, 'I won't. You'll have to come. That's flat. For, if I leave yon' here you'll go' on talking till all's blue ; and I may sit at home till I grow a fixture before you come. I won't move till you come with me.' Hector Machines shut his teeth, and, glaring at the woman as if he could have MDed her, jumped off the platform and walked away with, her, amid the deafening jeers and laughter of the assembled crowd' that vastly enjoyed' the scene. ' There'll be a row at their tent to-night, I bet,' ciaed one. ' She is a Tartar 1 And he's got a devil of a temper. You can see it in bis face.' ? ' It is a shame for a man like him to be disgraced by that woman,' said a young fellow. ' Disgraced !' cried an Irishwoman, with a face like a full moon. ' Shure and didn't she kape him from, shtarving? Npne'iv your disgrace, my flash fellow.' ' He'll be the death of her yet,' said a man in -the crowd. 'It's only last week he was up at line court lor Dealing nex ueii to uoam a door.' Such were the scenes of the early digging tunes. Some may cavil with us for repro ducing them; but it is false philosophy to be eternally whitening the sepulchre.; It is a necessity for the development of this story that we should depict such scenes. It is a necessity if we are to be true historians of the ' past and the present — the one growing out of the other. We have to take the world as we findat^jiot as we would wish it were. CHAPTEB. H. At the tune this scene was taking place on Gritty Flat, Janet's only son was taking his siesta, and enjoying the dolce far ttientz on nnn nf the arnnTiitViPAtriniLl bills that tanker down upon the valley of Grit, under the thin shade of an aged eucalypti which had escaped the ravages of the diggers because it grew on. the summit, find was left as a landmark — henee the eminenee was called One Tree Hill. He was' a rather pioturesque lad, just emerging from early boyhood, but yet some removes from a man. To dress he made no particular pretence, and had no right to. An old Cali fomian'hat, fully entitled to be called a ven tilator, covered his head, or rather the back of it, for it was the fashion of these' tunes to wear the hat on the back ©f the head. His clothes were of a most miscellaneous descrip tion. The eoat was mtmy sizes too small, the trousers large enough for a Dutchman, and the whole covered with yellow clay. His was- rather a handsome face, as far as could be judged through the dust that adhered to it. The features were, perhaps, a trifle saucy and bold; but the pleasant good humor pervading them, the roguish twinkle of the eyes, and the sweet smile upon his ftps made himaloveable lad — one no person eould dislike. Easy good nature seemed his characteristic. There was about him that told mightily in his favor. His form, too, attracted attention. What is pjeasanter than to gaze on the human figure, when it has begun to develop and fill out into the rounded outlines of youth? And Jack's limbs were- beginning to fill eut; and well formed they were, though no ingenious tailor had helped to display them. On the whole, however, rough though his appearance, no girl budding into womanhood could have passed him without casting upon him an ap proving glance, were she possessed of any taste; at all. t' There was also another fact' apparent when one looked at Jack : he was very lazy. The very pose of his limbs demonstrated that. He ought, by rights, to have been pegging away with a pick in one of the innumerable bur rows on the hideous flat beneath him. But what was the good of work on such a hot day as this ? Was it not better to sit here under under the shade of a great tree, in a dry land, than to perspire away down there? Jack didn't care much about gold. If he got his meals and a shilling br two to spend on the trifles so dear to boyhood he was hapy. It would' be time enough to work when he grew big. He had to grow, he argued, and hard work didn't agree with growing boys. Yet he felt some little compunction for being so idle. He knew his mother, Janet — Mrs. Meldon, otherwise Mrs. Macinnis, alas ! — was slaving away at the wash-tub to keep the pot boiling. The young fellow's heart was touched when he thought of that, and he almost raised himself from his comfortable pos6. 'Wiser counsels prevailed, however, and arguing that when the cold weather came he would get a horse and make a pile, he fell comfortably to sleep. It was very pleasant. Even the mosqtdtos had gone to sleep. Why should he not rest while these tormentors were torpid? So he slept the happy sleep of boyhood. CHAPTEB HI. Some years before our story opens the great goldfield of Grit was undiscovered. The muddy stream that was now dammed up in yellow waterholes, at that time flowed gently over its sandstone bed — that is in winter. The wattle and the gum-trees grew luxuriantly around; the herbage clothed the banks, while innumerable flowers covered the meadows or crimsoned the sterile ranges. The aun rose and the sun set, on the same scene day after day. A little above where the township of Grit rose now, a simple hut had been built by the squatter who leased the block of coun try; and there he placed a man who was known by the name of Bunakum, because he had a flux of words, but his real name was .Meldon. With Bunakum had come his wife, a pleasant, good creature, who acted as house keeper, and who was then, of all women, the mildest and the sweetest. With her was the boy Jack, Bunakum's son, a little younger than when we made his acquaintance, but in character- the same. * Bunacum herded a flock 'on the south side of Gritty Gully, Jack a flock on the north side. Jack's run was the best ; there were a few plains upon it, and the dingos were less plentiful, for these astute animals preterrea cunamims run, wnere there were wooded ranges, caverns, and places of concealment, from whence they could issue and attack the flock. To Jack was also given a flock of wethers, easy-going creatures like himself. But to Bunakum was acoorded a floek of querulous, il-tempered ewes, which were never satisfied with their feedi but ran hither and thither, and separated into little foraging bands ; thus presenting an Opportu nity for the enemy to attack. Jack, there fore, had a glorious life, especially as he hap pened to get a dog which perfectly understood his master's ways. He had picked him up in this way: Coming across a dray that had come up from Melbourne, he found the bul loek-driver about to drown a litter of pups, to which his slut had given birth while he was in camp. Jack was struck with the ap pearance of a little black and white puppy, and asked the bullock-driver to give it him. This pup he reared up with all the fondness a poor lonely little boy must feel for a dog or any other animal that is his own ; and Spot : fully repaid his master. Spot eould do everything but speak, and ; even that he attempted.- He knew what Jack wanted without being told. If Jack went to sleep, often the ease, Spot watched the nook and kept them close to the place where Jack : lay — occupying his time in running backward and forward. Even the starting of a kanga roo-rat, enticing though it was, would not : move Spot to forsake his charge. Several of t.lio Airwrrk Indian tiA.virtcr flinifitor intmtinnfi towards the pet wethers, tried then- blandish ments on Spot. 'But he was proof against all. He was a faithful fellow, and loved only one creature in the world — his master. Jack had several pets : a magpie, which was pre ternaturally acute, and a kangaroo rat which regularly amused him in the evening as it washed its whiskers; but Spot was the favor ite. What is more touching than the perfect love of a dog ? The man who does not feel his heart warm towards his dog cannot be good. When friends and loved ones forsake when fortune vanishes, there is still one crea ture that will be faithful, that will follow though you nave nothing to give, that will watch faithfully over your dead corpse ; and that creature is your dog. Away from home, with Spot, the sheep, and nature, Jack was always happy. Wandering amongst the vales and hills, studying the flowers, wondering about their mysteries, or sleeping in the shade of the trees, his was a life of quiet content that knew no cloud. True, it was a life that made one very lazy, but then it was very happy. Only when he came home did the shadows fall upon him. There he was sure to find a bad-tempered father, who continually complained of being shut up in the wilderness, whereas his proper place was the big city, the senate, the bar. why had he ever married ? If it were not for Janet and this boy he would now be a dis tinguished man. Over and over Jack was told in the presence of his mother that she was ignorant and low; whereas the father, had the greatest of minds, which had been condemned to obscurity by the conjunction. Poor woman, she bore all this very well, and did her best to make the little hut pleasant She boiled the salt junk well, baked excellent damper, tidied up the few things, and even attempted a little garden to 'kitchen 'to the salt beef. But the soul of Bunakum was not t*» Ko fwimfftrfofi TTo tcM. it. n dnfv tn sar.rifinfl some one to his lost fame, and Janet was the victim. At times, indeed, the poor creature was aroused, and then followed scenes that disturbed the happy current of Jaek's life. When the battle between them began, Jack would run out, call Spot, and dart away into the thick woods to hunt 'possums. It was an evil' night for these little fellows when Janet and Bunacum quarrelled. There was one mode, however, of pacifying Bunakum, and Janet often adopted it. She was sometimes able to sell a few cabbages and eggs, at a good figure, to the bullook drivers who went up and down the road, if the dusty track could be so called ; and, with the few shillings so obtained she would buy a bottle rum. When Bunakum oame home in the evening, with a disposition to fight everything, from Janet to the gum trees, she would pro duce this peace-offering, and the face of Bun akum softened into lines of peace — he would even kiss her and caress Jack. Then would he, the mighty man, sit down at the table, and indulge in libation after libation, telling, at the same time, stories of what he had done and what he had not done — the latter pre dominating—and entering into speculations as to what he would have done had he the opportunity,. He would insist on Janet and Jack partaking, and so he laid the foundation of the evil which came thereafter. As the hut was not far off the road, stran gers sometimes called, and were very welcome, for, in a lone spot like this a new face was Paradise. Bunakum then would be in his element, and he would often send Janet off to shepherd the flock, so that he might have his fill of the news of the day, and discuss politics to bis heart's content. If the stranger had a flask of spirits — and everyone carried one in those days — so much the better. One day a stranger came— a young man. No one was at home but Janet. He stayed all day, and the two conversed long together. That young man was Hector Maeinnis. He had come to Melbourne some time before from Scotland, and had been pitied by the proprietors of one of the papers in that then very small metropolis, who had sent him on a tour-to report on the various districts. How kind Janet was to him ; how her tenderness won upon this young man who had not met with a feeling heart since he oame to the province^ior Victoria was not a colony then, ^.???y^-: ?'?;?.???? And that day he began the* fatal love tha wrought such fatal consequences. Hector had a flask of brandy ; and so he was received with open arms by Bunakum. He was good to-Jaek, who listened awestricken to the superior conversation of this man. But he was a politician, and that was balm to Bunakum. Long after Jack and bis mother had retired, the two sat up discussing matters, and draining the flask. He stayed several days there. Poor Janet ! Little she knew the dangerous serpent that was wreathing itself around her heart while this stranger conversed aloue with her, when ; Jack and Bunakum had departed to herd their flocks in the silent bush. When he went there was a void in their hearts. Janet was greatly troubled. This man had made an impression which sunk deeper and deeper into her soul until it bore fruit of sin and sorrow. How the poor thing loved her son I How, when Bunakum had vented all the arrows of his scorpion temper upon her, she would fold the boy to her heart, and, weeping liberally, would tell him that he was her only hope, her sole comfort. And so time went on. Bunakum and Jack wandered day after day over the expanse of Grit, never thinking of the millions and mil lions in gold thai lay. beneath their feet. They saw the huge quartz masses that rose up from the hills, never dreaming of the un told wfelth they, concealed. Jack even played in the gully after the Tarns had been heavy, and saw glittering yellow specs lying there, but never heeded them. : Poor boy ! he had never seen gold. And he would have been happier if it had been his lot not to see it. . But a change speedily came. Gold, was found ' at Bathurst,- at BaUarat ; and ' wild reports of the new El Dorados came even to this sequestered spot. Bunakum talked of giving lip shepherding^ and seeking bis for tune; but, Having no; money, his resolves' came to nothing. About seven miles away from Bunakum's hut there was that of another shepherd, Bill White. Bill had a wife and daughter — a little girl, who, though only a child, had to herd a flock of sheep. Jadk first made her acquaintance one hot :day, when their sheep got boxed — thetechni- ?calterm for the flocks mixing together. Jack had been asleep and so had Bertha, and the sheep, seeing one another, had run together,, notwithstanding all the efforts of Spot, who barked and rah about like a demented dog. : Lassy, Bertha's dog, had also tried to keep her sheep back; but, failing in this, she ' sought a quarrel with Spot, that creature being, in her mind, responsible for all the damage. Spot, however, took little notice of Lassy, but ran off to his master, whom he soon awoke. Jack's first idea was to find the shepherd of the other .flock, and give him a thrashing — that is, if he were able. When he came, however, upon little Bertha, erying as if inconsolable, with Lassy sitting on her hind legs, and setting up an unearthly howl, all his anger vanished. 'Ohl I shall be beat to death,' cried Bertha. ' Father and mother will kill me.' ' Don't be frightened, little girl,' said Jack, hopefully ; ' wje'll draft them.' Jack had used the words , little girl, advisedly. He looked upon himself as a man. Even in .hex sorrow, Bertha objected to be called a little girl, especially as her monitor was not such a giant himself. However, she was grateful for his kind words, and went to help him. The flocks were hopelesjsly mixed, how ever, and were baaing away in a style that beat Babel, the sheep running hither and thither to find then- companions. Here and there boxing matches were going on between opposing squadrons. Jack, forming a platoon of his flock by themselves, separated them from the rest, and got Bertha and the dogs to stand between; so that gradually the sheep began to seek then- mates. But it was very hot work; and at one tune Jacfc entertained little hopes of effectually separating the two flocks. He was running about after fugitives, perspiring a river, when a loud voice shouted, ' Holloa, what's this?' Jack turned, and beheld three men, and a boy about his own age, carrying swags. They had also things that he had never seen before — tin dishes and picks. ' Our flocks got boxed,' said Jack, simply. 'Ohl' said one of the strangers, an embrowned, handsome youth. I 'spect you two were courting, and let your flocks get mixed up. However, what do you say if we give these children some help, and get them out of a scrape. Depend upon it, they'll get into hot-water, if they go home with then sheep boxed ; at all events, they'll get their, ears boxed.' ' And so they ought,' said the boy; a lanky, thin-faced fellow, who certainly did not seem the most amiable of mortals. ' Shut up, Obadiah,' said the young man. ' Come on, boya, let's help them.' And with the help of the new auxilaries, the two flocks were soon separated, which was the easier because one was wethers, the other ewes. Jack got his flock in order, and, getting them near a large fallen tree, he made them pass before him and counted them. The number was right — 650. Jack thanked the men, particularly the good-natured youth who had first suggested help. As for the boy, Obadiah, he had stood by tormenting Bertha, and telling her that if she had been a good girl this would not have occurred. Jack felt a strong inclination to punch his V,oaA After this was over, the young man who had assisted Jack began to question him about the country, and asked if he had: seen any gold hereabouts. To this Jack replied that he had heard of gold, but had never seen it. The young fellow drew a shining sovereign out of his pocket, and showed it to Jack and Bertha. ' Why, I've seen some sand in the creek like that,' said Bertha; who, dressed hi a little print frock, with an unearthly look ing hood, made of white calico, with cord run through to stiffen it, stood by, quite a little guy in the visitors' eyes. ' So have I,' said Jack. ' Whereabouts ?' exclaimed the party, now all interest. Jack thought it only right to show these good strangers the place ; and, telling Spot to 'hool 'em up,' that sagacious canine individual drove the flock down to the river, where Jack showed the men a little hole where the water flowed over the sandstone rock. The young man took a shovelful of the drift, and carefully washed it in the tin dish, while all stood by watching. A few minutes, and about half an ounce of beautiful yellow sandyas Bertha called it, lay at the bottom of the dish, set off by some black stuff— emery, people named it then ; but it was black sand, the ore of tin — nerhaps indium. They held their breath. ' Found 1** said the young man, drawing a deep sigh. 'Emily, Emily, we shall be happy 1' 'We'll pitch our tent at once, and mark out a claim,' said the elder of the party, Obadiah's father. 'As for you. children. you had better go and mind your flocks, or they'll get boxed again.' 'Where do you live?' asked the young man. ' Up the creek a bit,' said Jack. ' WelL good- bye, my boy,' said the young fellow, very kindly, and shook Jack's hand. ' I wont forget you.' And Bertha and Jack went back to the hills, wondering in- their simple minds as ^p what the men were ?abjfeu.t, 'Bertha hinted some strange things; but jack set her down as ignorant, and gave his word that the men were digging. He had heard of it before, he said, and he knew something, while Bertha knew nothing. A pleasant evening they spent, sitting under the shade of the tree under which we left Jack sleeping, while the flocks fed at a safe distance from each other, kept in order by Spot and Lassy, who, however, found time to interchange compliments— canine fashion. Bertha thought Jack such a nice boy, and Jack thought Bertha a pretty little girL Innocence so soon to pass away. That day week, a great change came over Grit. Although William Brown (such was the (name of the young man who separated Jack's and Bertha's flocks) and his mates had tried to keep the discovery quiet, the news spread like wildfire. Many of the other goldfields then discovered were overstocked, and the moment the new rush was the cry, there came from the east and from the west, from the south and from the north, thousands and thousands to try their fortunes. The rich yields of the first claims spread the news over the whole of Australia. Ship after ship was coming to the shores of Victoria, and their passengers rushed lite madmen to Grit. Shepherds let their flocks wander unherded, a prey to the dingo; squatters sprang into the saddle and galloped away from then- homesteaos ; farmers threw aside their ploughs ; carpenters discarded the chisel, and, with eager desire, all made for the new Eldorado. The roads were crowded with wayfarers. Not a sun rose but it beheld &- new' array pf;/. tents.- No' magician . ever created so sudden a change. The 'possums, the kangaroos, and the blackfellows fled before the tide; the flowers and the grass died away ; the trees began to vanish like mist ; ;the little stream changed from blue to a dirty ?yellow. In less than a month one hundred ithousand human. beings were congregated on 1 Gritty Flat; and, where the blackfellow had 'held his corroboree by the lights of blazing ifires, European civilisation was to be seen. 'Talk of magicians of old ! they are fools to ithat great magician — gold. , It could not be expected that Bunakum and ; White would resist all this. They were ?amongst the first to throw up their situations iand rush to the field. : In less than a fortnight Jack and Bertha [exchanged their quiet huts to tents on Gritty ? Flat, their flocks for the mining cradle. Both were scared at first at the sudden change, which it took some time for then intellects to comprehend. Lassy and Spot, also, were quite bewildered for a time, and much troubled in their simple minds about ! the. innumerable number of curs the new people had brought with them ; but they,, too, soon became accustomed to the great change. ; In three months, the quiet pastoral scene |we have pictured ceased to be, and one who | had seen Gritty Flat then would never have .'known it now. ; But this was not the only change. CHAPTEB IV* It would have been an easy matter for Bunakum to make his fortune now. Before, him lay many an unturned acre of nature's domain, beneath which the glittering ore lay waiting to be unearthed. But Bunakum pre ferred to let it rest there, or to allow others to release it. Noble soul! why should he be condemned to grub in the bowels of the earth, when his mind soared so far above the gro velling natures that surrounded him? These earth-grubbers had no brains, and they should esteem it an honor to support a man of mind. Therefore, so long as enthusiastic diggers bowed 'down at his eloquence, liberally shouted for him, and lent half-sovereigns occasionally, why should he swelter hi the sunbeams, em brown his face, and harden his hands? Perish the thought ! He was made to command, not to work. So he became a loafer and agitator, and a mighty man of words. In these times, a public meeting was one of the principal amusements of the diggers; and this amusement Bunakum was ever ready to provide. Did a man lose his claim, or did he think himself in any wise aggrieved, he went straight to Bunakum, and instanter the Bell man was sent round, and an indignation meeting held ; whereat, mounted on a stump or barrel, Bunakum poured forth a torrent of language which neither himself nor his hearers clearly understood, and which was, therefore, looked upon as a masterly effort of elocution. The diggers wanted a spouter, as they had neither time nor ability in that line, and in Bunakum, they had the right man. A great public orator must have an enemy, therefore Bunakum conjured one up in the Commis sioner, a haughty official, who was ever made the beginning and the end of his attacks. In glowing language would Bunakum depict the luxurious life that fell tyrant led, while others were slaving away then- lives to keep in state a despot. Of course, Bunkum never thought of him self, except as a horny-handed son of toil. To judge by his speeches, he was the hardest working man on the diggings — a perfect slave. Janet found that unless she adopted some means of support, herself and her son would starve in this golden gully, for Bunakum never brought any money home. Indeed he very seldom visited the little tent, so-called, unless he was 'stumped.' He was a confirmed diner but, generally managing to make a call, on political business, at some tent which he knew to be well provided, giving in exchange for bis meal some homily on patriotism, working his entertainers up to agonypoint at the dose, about that 'damned despot,' who', Bunakum assured his hearers, was thirsting for his blood. 'Men of Grit,' he would say, ' if you find my body at the bottom of a shaft one day, pierced with bullets, bury me ; I beg of you to bury me beneath the Camp Hill (the cemetery had been fixed there), that my grave may ever be a reproach to my murderer — that it may remind you, noble miners of Grit, of the earnest man, who did so much for your cause.' Then he would begin to shed tears, and would not be consoled until the brandy bottle was brought forth. Janet at first tried to earn a little by cradling the tailings, with Jack's assistance ; but, finding the sun affected her head, she turned to the inevitable resource of lovely woman, the washtufo. Washing was high, and soon, by means of her tub, she managed to live pretty comfortably ; in consequence of which, Bunakum stayed at home for dinner ofteher. - But Janet could not explain how it was that she had begun to almost hate her husband. She was a simple-hearted creature, this woman, and she strove to keep down her dislike, because she thought it her duty. Still it grew and grew, and was added to 'by every insult ; and they were many which. Bunakum heaped upon her. She could not keep down the thought that this man was a mean, low, dirty loafer, and so she grew to hate him. There was only one aspect in which she would tolerate him — as the father of her dear, dear Jack. ' Mother,' Jack would say, as they sat at the tent door of an evening, watching the moon rise hi all her glory over the hills of Grit, ' HI work for you as soon as I'm strong ; and you'll not have to slave at the washtub on these terribly hot: days.' And mother and son would kiss and caress. Ah ! that was the happiest -time for them. A mother's love ! Unsearchable, unfathom able — like unto nothing, except the love of God, \- A son's loye for his mother 1 The most beautiful and holy love in this world, except tile love of a mother for her sou. Free from all impurity, from all selfishness that clogs other affections; these resemble the love of the Almighty Father, who sent His only Son to die for us. Bertha and Jack saw each other very often now ; indeed, they were playfellows every day. Both of them felt a void in their existence. They had nothing to do. After all, it was a pleasure for them to herd the sheep. It was fine to open the hurdles -in the morning, call the dog, and follow the .sheep out over the grassy, wooded hills, where the wild flowers grew, the birds sang, the cicadas tereed, tereed, and the winds whispered mysteriously through the branches of the gum trees, where adven tures with lizards, and snakes* and Opossums, with the occasional discovery of a wild bees' nest, broke the monotony. Then the effect of the abrupt change from, a quiet life to this great bustle, made the children for a while shrink into themselves, and feel utterly at a loss. As for Spot and Larry, a deep melan choly fell upon them. Spot spent fully a month trying to comprehend how he could live without herding sheep, and then gave it up. He had nothing to do except fight with the innumerable strange curs that found their way to Grit every day ; and that in time grew monotonous. Indeed, he became a sad dog; he felt as if he were not wanted, as if he had no business in this world. The only times his face lighted up with a canine smile was ?when a flock of sheep was driven past the ?gully, when he would, erect his tail, and give emission to a few joyful barks, eying his master anxiously for the.woTds q£ command— i' Holl 'em,' ' Bound ;'-pn' up,' hoy,' '-&c;, and ith'en,1 ?wheh''they~ had passed without these [words being uttered, he would fall into his old imoping ways. When Jack at iast went to ;work, for, young as he was, he did not want !to live updn his mother, Spot would lie at the !mouth of the hole, arid reflect on his own i utter uselessness. Lassy had many compunc Itions on the point at first, but, making several [acquaintances at the butcher's shop, she I gradually grew accustomed to the new order of' things, especially as she used to wander about with her mistress, who found a pretence [for seeking the quietude of the bush, in herd ing two rattier acute goats her father kept, animals which Lassy plainly despised. ; A few months after the goldfield of Grit was 'discovered, Hector Macinnis again appeared jupon the scene. He had a very pleasant ; smile — when he liked to smile, which' was 'seldom. He was not ill-made, and there was a peculiar way about him, that to some had 'an irresistible charm. Now, Janet was not much above Hector's own age, and she was : very handsome then ; she had no company | when Jack was away, except the tubs and the ?Sat irons — good things in their way, but apt ; to become dull. Our Lord, who so thoroughly i understood the weak points of our nature, put jinto His universal prayer the sentence, ' Lead ; us not into temptation,' and since His advent, :the wonderful wisdom of that petition has [been continually demonstrated, although ! human moths will still try the feat of flying : around the name. This was what Hector and : Janet were doiner. It was rather an undesir able experiment. Somehow Janet began to feel very dull when Hector was absent, and people found her to be very cross then. She was never, in better temper than when she had put by her work, tidied herself up, lit the lamp in the little ' parlor' of the tent, which was quite a model of neatness, having a sofa and chairs covered with chintz — a great novelty on the diggings — set the tea table, and made everything snug for the night. Hector and Jack would then come home, ani they would have tea ; and how pleasant would be the chat, how delightfully the even ing would pass away; Hector reading or writing, and Janet ironing or mending the clothes of her unsophisticated customers. Of course, Jack went out after tea, 'possum hunting, or playing with other boys or Bertha. It was strange, how pleased Janet would be when Hector would look up, and give her that smile which was so peculiarly his, and give up reading for a while to converse with her. As for Bunakum, he was always away drinking and speechifying. Janet never thought of mentioning money matters ; she was getting along pretty well, and after all, no doubt, Hector would pay her back when matters went better with him. If this pleasant intercourse were at all marred or clouded, it was by the conclusion which occasionally forced itself on her mind, that Hector was vastly superior to her ; that he was better educated, and had moved in (to her) good society ; while she, poor girl, had never been in a better furnished room than her own little parlor. But then, why banish the gleam of sunshine ? She was happy, in his society, that was all, and no more would come of it. Ah! trust not the human heart, so desperately treacherous. How did it come about at last ? What need to tell? It was the slow, steady work of days, and weeks, and months — the ripple, ripple of the water undermining the roots of the great oak. Neither were to blame, except hi not flying from each other when they felt the first tightening of the chain that was to drag them to perdition. Her mind gradually lost it's balance, and liking, friendship, was followed by deep, passionate, irresistible, overwhelming love. She fell a willing sacri fice. He did not love her, at least in the mad way in which she loved him ; but who, at his age, can resist temptation when he sees he has brought to his feet a lovely woman ? Yet, it must be confessed, he felt qualms, strong qualms. He felt, he knew, that this must end in something dreadful,- that he would have to thrust this loving woman away from him into outer darkness ; that by this act he would be degrading himself, and that it would be a stigma on 'his name for ever — that name which he intended to be so brilliant. But love and beauty, were before him. Youthful passions were strong, ajad — why write the rest? It is an old, old story. We pass over the guilty life of the pair for some tune afterwards. During the greatest part of that time the mighty Hector was supported by Janet. -Only latterly had he been again engaged by the newspaper. Still that man had, almost immediately after his fall, began to feel disgust, not only at Janet, but at himself. How his proud spirit gnawed his heart as he took.; dav by day, the bread necessary to his sustenance from the hands of her he had so wronged. Success had resolved him to break the ties that bound him to this woman. He hated her more and more every day, and this she was not long in noticingi Women are very quick in this ; they soon find whether the fire of love burns or has died out to cold ashes. Now, there had recently, hi compliance with the increasing civilization of Grit, -been established a very well got up hotel at a bustling corner; and, over the destinies of the neatly- furnished bar, there presided a lady newly arrived from the ' Land o' the Leal,' by name, Miss Prudence Macruath. Her charms were a trifle heightened by the adven titious aid of art; and she had come to Gritty Gully to make her fortune in the matrimonial market. 'She was resolved not only to please her eye but also her pocket; and, although a hand some young man, well to do, would be the acme of perfection in ? her own opinion, yet she would not be averse to an old or ugly man if he nad the solid requirements that made up for such disadvantages. For tunately, however, she very early set her eyes upon Hector, and at once made up her mind that if Heaven had created a man to suit her, he was that man.. Having -settled this satisfactorily in her own mind, she at once began such an attack upon him* giving him the preference over numberless admirers, that he felt flattered at first, and finally bowed down to the beauty, and gave himself upas icr slave. The love that lie ought to have felt for poor Janet, who had sacrificed all to him, was given to this vain woman, who, in giving him the preference, merely gratified herself. Unfortunate Janet! Quickly did she dis cover that she had lost all for which she had perilled her welfare here and hereafter. That he, for whom she had done so 'much, had ceased to love her — nay, hated her. She saw it in his looks, in his answers to her caresses, and then the woman fell lower and lower, and became what we found her at the open |fjjEeader, remember that we are writing of real life, of everyday mortals, and bear with ius if it seem to you that we have wandered out of our domain. It will be asked, 'What had become of Bunakum all this time?'. ?ESiWell, that worthy found in the infidelity of ids wife a new cause lor sympathy ; a new claim on the contributions of the miners. When he was turned out of Janet's house — . how she loathed the man — he at : once sought his friends at the bar, and shed copious floods of tears, which the diggers hastened to assuage with draughts ol alcohol. He beseeched. them to bury him at once, as his honor could not stand this hist insult, which he felt convinced had been, brought about by the commissioner, whose friend he knew Hector to be. He clutched a brandy bottle, wildly, and cried out for a sword that he [might stab to the heart this serpent which he inurtured in his bosom, only to turn and jsting him. Had not this man lived upon jhim? had he not been kept from' starvation by 'bim (Bunakum)? Was there justice hi this land ? No 1 the jdespot of the camp decreed that liberty should 'be bound hi chains, and wrong triumph over right. He hated bim (Bunakum), and this iwas his revenge. But they, the noble- hearted ?miners of Grit, would see him righted ; they ; would lay him in his grave, and then destroy !the monster who had killed him. To all this the diggers listened, the more ignorant sympathising, the intelligent highly enter tained. Indeed, all of them enjoyed the ! thing amazingly. It was the talk of Grit for idays, although such affairs were nothing : unusual then. The capital Bunakum made ; out of this, the half-sovereigns and sovereigns ?he -collected, the innumerable cheap drinks he obtained, and the general sympathy fully m.ade up for all. Indeed, so well did he thrive upon it, and so accommodating was his disposition, that, ere long, he became quite reconciled to Hector, and, as we have seen, had spoken at the same meeting with 'him. Jack had been brought up hi such a poor way that he 'wsb not able to understand the , full meaning of what had occurred. He did diBUke Hector, and he certainly had very little filial feeling, so the affair passed off amicably enough with bim. He didn't see much difference. But latterly he had noticed, young as he was, that a great sorrow troubled his mother. It pained him to see that, in a very short space of time, she had gone astray, and from a steady, industrious woman, had become fond of drink. Then, from time to time, Hector and Janet quarrelled. Jack did not think so much of this, he was accustomed to it ; but he did resolve never to marry, as he came to the conclusion that every husband and wife lived a life of internecine warfare. Bertha was a good girl, and Jack liked her, but he felt pretty sure if, when they grew big, he married her, everything would be changed. Yet, ignorant as Jack was, he was greatly troubled about his mother. He felt so sorry to see her sulking to the level of so many other women on the diggings. Poor fellow ! He knew nothing of the deep despair that had changed her. CHAPTEB V. The low rumbling of distant thunder woke Jack from the pleasant sleep in which he had indulged. He rose and rubbed his eyes. How -greatly had the scene changed since he had gone to sleep in the afternoon. From the east a small cloud had arisen, fleecy white. It rose a little above the horizon, and there remained like a snowy fleece of wool rolled up. Then gradually others like unto it rose from mysterious depths, until the whole eastern horizon was covered with them. Still the sun shot its torrid beams on to the earth, still the dazzling mirage, as it is called, rose up like a quivering colorless flame from the earth. But in the west, in the north, and in the south, clouds began to rise like the ghosts of Banquo and his followers. Not white, downy clouds, such as had arisen in the east, but dark, portentous vapors, fringed, it Jis true, with silver. With a slow, steady motion they began to ascend, throwing out streamers that soon threw themselues ^cross the face of the heavens, and, ere long, veiled the face of the sun. Men blessed them, and felt their strength renewed. But darker and blacker grew the clouds as the sun became more and more shaded, until at last a large blue cloud shut him out altogether. The sky then assumed a wild phantasmagorial appear ance. The blue clouds faded into inky black, and here and there white scud, nke the phantoms in 'Der Frieschutz,' sailed past on the intensely black back-ground. A distant muttering was heard, which mo mentarily grew louder. People said a great storm was coming, and agreed that it was badly wanted. Preparations were made in Gritty Gully to meet the rush of water that would hurry down, and. long toms, sluices, and tools were taken out of the creek, and shafts were carefully blocked around with earth. Jack's soul responded to the grandeur of that terrible sky. The flash of the sheet lightning in the distance, the roll of the thunder, the slow gathering of the clouds as of an army to battle, darkening the atmosphere with a strange gloom, the great signs of an approaching elemental tragedy, the peculiar sound of the wind — all stirred hi his soul thoughts and ideas that he could not wreak upon expression. His meditations were broken by a loud cry, as of a girl in distress. Bising hastily, he took a few steps down the hill, and presently saw the cause. Little Bertha was struggling with a boy, whom Jack soon recognised as Obadiah. Lassy stood by in a very distressed frame of mind, watching two goats, which were also somewhat nonplussed. A quick run brought Jack to the spot in a moment. 'What's this? he cried, angrily, eyeing Obadiah, who stood glaring at him, an ugly scowl prevading his face. ' What is it 7' said Obadiah, ' What's that to you ? Bertha and I have been quarrelling.' 'Oh, Jack,' cried Bertha, clinging to him, ' I'm so glad you've come. He frightened me to death.' Her face, in which terror had been vividly depicted when Jack arrived, began to wear a joyful look. 'What nonsense,' cried Obadiah, sulkily, although from his uneasy movements, it was easy to see he would have preferred to be a few miles off. 'I only tried to Mss her, and the little fool began to cry.' Jack's blood began to boil, and his face became red as crimson. ' You sneak,' he cried, going up to Obadiah, ' how dare you frighten the little girl ? Who allowed you to kiss her ?' '* I did myself,' said Obadiah, jauntily. ? (To be continued.) ? -*- ? 'She stoops to conquer.' 'Can this refer to the fond mother who bends over her way- ward boy with a number-five slipper ? 