BAPTIST UNION OF NEW SOUTH in WALES. , munal session oí tho Baptist Union wa» commence "day, September 5, in tho Baptist Church, Nowtowi «a a large attendance from tho various cburclio jontiderablo number of ministers and delegates froi )uafry districts. The Rev. K. I-'. Becher, U.A., t an, preached an appropriate sermon from Komam apter,'and 12th verse. Tho liev. li. Price, of Bnthurs |J if tho fjord's Supper, and tho Kevs. J. William Straughen assisted in ifs celebration, jvainosduy. September 6, the ministers and delegate bled in Bathurst-street Church at 10 am., and afle ¡ag »orao timo in praise and prayer, the business sea ti* duly constituted. Tho Hov. Jt. F. Bcchor, B.A. ^ring chairman, introduced tho Ilev. W. Clare, B.A. lirmw for 1SS2-3. After the secretary had called th. lit following applications for admission to tho unioi ¡¡uinimously entertained :-For personal membership [¡er. Inure williams; in bohalf of the newly-formée ei at Petersham,,by Mr. J. J. Stone; »nd in behalf ol flcently formed church at Leichhardt, by thc Hov. T), "¡ci. On the motion of the secretary, a cordial welcome Blended by tho union to tho Jtev. K. Price,of Bathurst ; toughen, 'of Parramatta, and J., Evans, of Newcastle, ,tich e«ch of tho foregoing gentlemen suitably miei. The election of officers was then proceeded with, jùg in tho following manner :-Chairman, Kev. 1). iii; fecretary, Kev. F. Ilibhord*. treasurer, Kev. A. dirt; delate to Victoria, Kev, \V. Tnvlor ; cxecutivo tittee. Messrs. T. Hawkins, G. H. KrJbba, C. kano, X. Ctr, J.Proctor, II. Dixsoo, J. Wella, J. White, J. Ka, W. Ardill, G. Oldham, J. Stone, ,T. Tulmur, and U Votes of thanks were accorded to tho retiring Cifor the efficient way in which they had performed their ja. The statistical papers were read by thu secretary, [dégénérai tenorof tho returns from tho various churches hied a piecing condition of growing' prosperity &hout; tho denomination generally. Tho following, ¡anons were passed.-" That tho Kev. \V. Tavlor bo Lwred to escress tho sympathy of this nninn 'at th.. toming meetings of tho Baptist Associations ot v letona South Aristrslia with tho project of issuing n vear-book the denomination, embracing tho several colonies.":_ tit this nnion expresses its sympathy with, and pledges I to encourage by every means in its powor, tho estob aest of the Local Preachers' Association." ' After the iacb'on ot-^other business of a routiue character tho fa rijour,l;il at 5 o'clock until tho following day. ? lt WfdneïHt' evening tho annual public meeting du UDÚn v.slpeld in tho Harris- street Church, at 7.30 I, Thew v; j^/a largo nttendunco, and, afler tho usual (¿cual exe;\ lies were engaged in, tho chairman caliod i the Kev. A. Burdett to present hi« report as treasurer, ss tho report we gathered that tho finances find not boen Picha flourishing condition ns they ought to have been, i lint (he year terminated with a 'bnlauco on tho wronir i of about'£20. Tho Kev. T). Kenwick road the sccro I'I report, »s follows:-"In submitting our report the past your, we would do no with feelings devout trratitûdo to God for tho preservation, and ¡janee, and success vouchsafed to us as u denomi lion, »nd for the prospects of increasing powor and argea ussfnlness with which wo commence another stage our history. . God has graciously presorved tho lives of lui servants in tho ministry, whrln. flo has added tn our aber, and enabled us to open up fresh fields to which wo tbtcot that ia dna time Rc will rond forth moro labourers. Itagh there may not bb anything of a startling or scn ?Htl natura lo record, there has nevertheless berna H spirit qgjetind steady progress characterizing tho year's history, a Wf-yearly meetings of tho union were hold in iBKth of April nt Bathurst and Orange; several liftn md delegates from Sydney attended, and tho. (iifswere an unqualified success in every way. Tea ?tiDgs wcro held at both Bathurst and Orange, and the (drain theso districts vied with each other in manifesto- es of brotherly love and kindness to tho Sydney «ton. Wo believe that thc benefits wero reciprocal, and ittrtulefhe churches in the western district wore greatly »titted! in their work, the brofhren from Sydney had ti ?¿er interest awakened within thom, through personal tntoaree with tba earnest and indefatigable workers whoso flluvreprescntourdenominutiou in tiw>c places. Since our. mumal session thu churches ia liatliursl-strent; Uurris Mt, and Newtown still retain the mum pastors ; »nd kijh thero have not been any largo additions made to i memberíhip of thoso churches on account of tho imtory character of tho population, they have, never-'. ie», been ennbled to hold their own with a little to spare, i tb« work performed has beau spread over a wirier rhee, to be reaped in the years to conic. Our brethren in [¡B¡im.»treor, Woolloomooloo, havo had a very successful r,ind negotiations ure now pending with roferonco to ailing a settled pastor. Dnder the faithful ministrations IhsEev. A. W. Murray, and thu cheerful services rendered iky preachers, the friends have bean greatly stiiimlr.ted, ^encouraged ; and we sincerely trust that in due time rytuy be enabled to have their present disabilities cleared » by having a church of their own where they can ineffectually carry on their noblo work, ond a minister wihall be chosen for thom by tho Lord himself. The ?till ta Parramatta tins had to undergo a severe trial ?ssh an accident to. their church properly, arising 'from ?adobion. , We aro triad to know, however, thut this I ral LU eventuated in" blessing, and that, under tito tor/ot tho Kev. Mr. Straughén they haye enjoyed a wäaablo share of spiritual prosperity. Bathurst has litis Rov. Henry Phillips, who hus removed to Mell, Victoria, ' but it hus secured the services of isHes.'E. Price, lato of Coventry, England. Under be ainistry of Mr. Price tho" church lifo hus beady been considerably resuscitated, nud the littmiit friends are sotting a noble example-which we trjist rll bo emulated by all tho churóbes in our denomination y erecting a handsome residence for their minister. Orange i Hill vacant ; but the church holds well together,'nud wo crpa{tbat they also will soon be in a position to have n milter of their own. At'Grafton tho Rev. lt. F. Boehbr illili Ubourfng with much acceptance and 'success /;' and fr'. Jiggers, on tho Clarence, hus besn making tho power < th* Gospel felt throughout his extensivo dioceso. Tho birches in tho Hunter Uiver district have been making lapinduring tho year. Tho Kew W. H. Harrison, at liatón,' has been labouring with much ; effect, od .tbs report which comes to u* from this iwter speaks more hopefully than it has don>i for many earipast; Newcastle has undergone a chango of ministry, le Rev. W. Coller,Who laboured for two 'years "with Boaurtging success, has gone to Victoria; uud thu Hov. Kr. Evans, from Williamstown, Victoria, bas taken Ilia |Uee.. Wo trust that tho change .way bc for good in both Mts. "In the district of'Kow Knglniio, Mr. Thomas Llew- elyn has been labouring with his usual energy and earnosr 1*81, travelling on an averago over 200 miles per week : and boonnectionwith his labours here achuren hus boen formed ud a building erected in tho town ot Armidale, while the .ariouB meeting places, established, by our evangelist throughout this extensive district have been attended with rnconraglng success. At Thalaba our brother Brewer hus beta pursuing his labours with a patient zeal, which has been the means of keeping th« numbers-who wero gathered | bto the church during tim harvest of the previous year iu lb« full exercise of their Christinn privileges. At 'Peter: liam and Leichhardt new churches hnvo been formed Qur iigtho past year, and wc trust to M?O both those places in oeaiiiig with tho increase of the population, and growing fa all those elomenta of spiritual strength which aro so essential to the inheritance of a stable prosperity, it will be seen by this brief survey which we have made of our de- nominational standing throughout the land that the new year dawns upon us more auspiciously than several of the years that have preceded, but in reality the years .B ian into pach other, and they aro' beautifully, blended iff tts with lifcht and shade, so that when wo come to read tltyears of time in tho clear light of eternity wo shnll lind Hut one nnbrolttn succession of goodue£S lind'mercy' has elir&cteris;&i; the nature of the Divino deAlings with us. Meanwhile be it ours, as tho servnnts of tho most high Coi'who shows lint.-) men tho way of salvation,ito go forth into another year to tho work which Ho has .appointed us, «4 for the performance of which Ho hus commanded our itreoetli; r.nii whateicr difficulties or tria!» may require to wfeKOtmtwed in our various fields of labour, wi .sin alwavs ting the son;; ot the Church in nil-uircs :-Tho Lord ?of HosUJe. with us, the God nf Jacob is our refuge1. Selah, to let it Ve, and lot all the noonie suv ' Amen.' " TheRov.W. Cr.AitÉ, ILA.? tho chairman of the Union, delivered.thofollowing undress:-My fricr.üs and. i'ciiow bslievers in tho Lord J ESUS,- II; appearing before yon this evening, I desire grit of nil lo acknowledge tho honour which you two conferred upon mo in culling me iii. so o.avly a pcrwd'of rat residence amongst you to thc posilicu ol' chair nan of this Union. I hope that my conduct mny bs wich ?in to justify your action,'and that " the words which yon low give rae the opportunity nf addressing to this meeting md tl our churches" throughout the colony may, by God's Messing, be made, u menus of usefulness. As a recent irn'vsl in this land, looking mound upon the moral aud religious condition of the people, tbnro uro two facts by which 1 havo been strongly impressed. Ono of them is the Mfl'u'ou of great wealth "nnd. influence . occupied, by tho Jtomtm Catholic and Anglican Churches, and the other is IiiI strength of that party at tho very opposite extreme of »Unous opinion, which lukes tb itself tho ileDominnlion of 'hwthought." It is no mutter for surprise that we should Ind theso two existing side by side. It is rather to bo ex Petted. Atnongstan educated andthinkingpeoplo rationalism h tho natural reaction against ltomnuisni, and indeed Winstritualism and ceremonialism, whether fotiud in tho «man or in tho Anglican communion. Where a strong Wy of the priesthood is found claiming authority over the fatellect, the conscience, and the conduct of men, it if writable that , there should ho a protest against such «¡ms ; «nd too often that protest is directed not so much finBt the man or against the system which makes their 1 (gainst : Christianity itaolf, in the name und supposed Minority of which these claiuiB aro made. H thon the ("ty of free thought owes its strength to that of the'partj .twilit the assumptions of which it is. a reactionary *swment,:to what shall 'the strength of this ' bo iteol! .Wonted ? In my judspiont, to tho policy which in pas; Wr« has found favour, in this land, and which is known ai ?j* of V State- aid to reliirion.'' lt would bo more fittingli oiled a policy of State-aid to certain eclesiástica .rjttiíationg, which is a very difleront thing. Some o « think that it has "been a State hindrunc "ttligion ; and many even of those who do not share ou .raiments, and who have advocated it upon política promtls,are beginning to discover that it has been, at th wt something between a hindrance and a help. State-ai ¿JSpntaal religion, . Slate-aid lo a. kingdom not of.thj indeed a contradiction. in terms. That under euc ?ray aa this these ecclesiastical systems of which w .Jj* ahonld achieve such a position as they now hoi ^.W^tu-jji no.moro than upon a vriori eroua4»>w might inp themselves to tho utmost of the State Treasury o: building to thc utmost upon the prestige of State reco] tion. Wo nrritfe also inductively at the conclusion th is to this that, their position is to be attributed, by a c pnrison of their relative stronsrth in Victoria, where St aid hns been less, and in South Australia, where it has. I entirely withheld. If these arguments aro sound, the p< of tho Stato is responsible not only for the wealth inlluenco in thu colony of ; the Roman Cati und Anglican Churches, but also for the strengt! that party most of all antagonistic to theee and to religio general, tho party of free thought. It is, howovor, of c parativcly small moment what the causes of these th mny be. " Wo must accept facts as we And them. Lc first then look out upon tile side of tho ecclesiastical on i/.ationn. I have mentioned the' Roman Catholic and Anglican Chtirchoa in the same sentence, riot that 1 am mindful of the great, differences which exist between tb j but because 1 am mindful of. the many, features which I ijhavo in common, as tba doctrines of the Apostolical sue sion and of tho importance of sacraments, which lead m characterise them ns tho strongholds of ceremonialism. Church of Romo openly maintains that to be within her j is to bo within , tho pale of; isalvation, that tho ' of schism, that is, of having au opinion at varii with her teaching, is greater than sins of immoral i A largo and Increasing section of the Church I England takes a similar attitude, holding ont no hope i salvation of those who aro not in her' communion, except j tho uncovenanted mercies of God," which means tha ¡ such oro to bo saved it must be in a way not yet revea When we furthut1 inquire, what .it is to . bo In members with theso Churches, communion with which is supposée i confer such inestimable privileges, wo find it to consist I submission to certain ordinances. Every baptized persn ! by virtue of baptism alono a member of the Church. WI it is truo that only a certain section of tho Church of Ki i land openly maintains thia position, it is equally truo t I a strong leaven of tho'samo leaching pervade« the Chu I ns a wholo, and that it is an essential port of the systeu set forth in tho Book of Common,Prayer, it« catechis ; and its article's. Thc catechism sets forth tho two soo . ruents'ns " generally necessary to salvation,'' it instru tho child concerning lils baptism as bsing that.wherein was '*' itiado'a member"of Chris't,-a"'child of God, and inheritor of the kingdom of .Heaven." Tho article «pe of baptism as " a sign of regeneration whereby, as by instrument, they that receive' it rightly are graf into ¡tho Church : , tho' promises of forgiveness of ' s and of our adoption to be the eons of God by tho H Ghost aro visibly signed . arid sealed;" ' This is a v peculiar sentence, sotting forth baptism as at ónco a sign regeneration and an instrument whoreby certain benefits signed and sealed. It is misty ; but, ns when seeking apprehend tho', tnio moaning of God's word, we comp Scripture with Scripture, so, in seeking to apprehend truo teuching of tho Church wo must compare praycr-b< with prayer-book. Take, then, this passage from tho or for tho private baptism of ' infants,'-" Seeing now "-so priest or minister is instructed to say-" seeing now t ! this child is by baptism regenerate and grafted into tho tx : of Christ's Church.' . : '." What wonder is it that meint ! of tho Anglican Church, Understanding these words uceo ing to their plain significance, should take, as I have kno them to do, tho children1 of Baptist parents ' and surret tiotisly administer this "sacrament" to them with the 1 hcliof that in so doing! they are saving the soul tho child from peril of eternal death. Wo Know tl there are many conscientious men ¡who put,these woi through a process of distillation in' some logical retort ut their palpable significance is loft behind,' but thia' is process which cannot be'accomplished without such sub powers of reasoning as are not possessed by ordinary m< Apart, moreover, from any special teaching concerning c ordinance or another, wo may ask what ia the necessity I a great ecclesiastical system fora supposed Apostolic succession for the vast machinery of an ordained prirathot unless it bo that there are ceremonies to be performed whe mystical virtue is contingent upon the power and authori which ordination is held to confer upon those who perfoi j them. I know that I shall bo told in response to this th i tho Church admits tho validity of loy baptism. But it i cosy to reply that, f his admission is not so much intended detract from tho importance of tho priesthood as to enhun J tho importance of tho rite. Why should its validity contended for excopt upon the ground of the great issu dependent upon it. Lying nt. the back nf all th« tcachin ! of the Church concerning tho externals of religion ni ' worship, wo rejoice to find tho statement that " the Ho ! Scripturo doth; .set out unto us only tho name of Josi j Christ, whereby men must be saved." Most whoti I some words; but bow are wo to reconcile thc i with tbn'so other words concerning tho ellicacy - I sacraments ? Only by supposing' thnt while salvation is ; tho name of Christ, it is in that name us conferring efficai |i upon the sacraments. Wc thank .God that there may .b I'and that there aro iti communion both with tho Ropiari ai j .Anglican Churches thom' who Insist that no ceremonies j'sacra menta can bo ninny avail toward the salvation of mi j aputt from tho living faith in the Lord Jesus, but whatov moy bo tb« teaching of some'of its members or niinistei [thc idea of sal\?ilii>n by ceremonies faso mucha part j both systems that it Cannot be ' taken away 'without' rendit J tho systems themselves in sunder. What makes this to bc j matter of iimnnnso practical importance is .in the first pin j tho fact tbnt one-half tho population of this land is brougl np nuder the influence of ono or other of theso great eccl I sinsticji) organizations; 'lind in tho second place the fact th ! imr human, nature, is only too ready to seek salvation .' .-imcthingriltiseithan.a radical change bf heart and life ? t-eet 'it, that is in some, external ? observauoo whit may loave the heart.- if not even tho habit untouched. Thi^ tendency in human nature one i I thei-n systems goes the whole length to meet ; tho other mee it half .way.' The awakened conscience, when under tl influence ol" either, .is too often lulled to rest with tl. thoiight.thut because tho rites of thc Church have been con; plied with all must be well.' Tho soul that was making tl great discovery pf its sinfulness beforo God, instatd'of boin medicined with the; unpalatable, truth, *' Yo must bo bot nguin," is soothed.wifh opiatos that it may sleep anew an dream of bliss until it wakes iu perdition. It behoves u therefore,.,with eyer increasing urgency to insist upon tb spiritiiul nature of truo religion ; not so much to enter int tho - ureiiá of controversy aa: to bear our testimony to tb truth that ".we must be boru again," that "except wo t converted wo cannot enter the kiugdom of heaven.". Ever man who puts his faith in Christ in such a way that hi wholo heart g-ocs out towmd. Jiis Saviour, and that his sou is brought idtn fellowship with his God, is from tha moment,'apart from any outward ceremonies or sacrament! apart fruin his, recognition by any:earthly organization, member of that, true. Church which God is building, und nc man. Christum «idinauce« hiivö their place, and oui of u small iniptirbture for th6 followers of C'urist; but apart trot faith in Him and from the now life which comes with faith ceremonies' (iud sacraments ; mid .' outward ' association with outward societies ure not so much means o grace Hs machineries of destruction. Let us no» tum our thoughts in tho opp template. for' u moment the attitude of that party nt th very opposite polo of religious sentiment-the party of " free thought." 'J his is a reactionary movement against occlesi iiHticism. It. is tho dark shado\y iilways(projected by thesi ecclesiastical organizations 'when tho light of secular,rdu cation. shines, upon them. It hus discovered, and the dis. ciiveiy does riot need either an unusually wide education, oi MU unusually high degree ol' Intelligence, that if salvatioi concerns conduct and character it cannot bo 'found in unj thing that is merely external. Oue, ? ri-.dic.nl orror of thb party,'howevor, is that it is apt to confound ecclesiasticisu and ceremonialism with spiritual religion., it ie keen sighted enough to perceive that the^n systems teach with greater or less distinctness a doctrine of salvation by cere- monies, and to pereeive also that ceremonies, whatever theil true place may be, can havo rio saving ellicacy ; hut it is nol keen-sighted enough tn resist the assumption of these systcmi thnt they are the truo opponents of Christianity, "and il is therefore against Christianity itself that it directs id opposition, lt is mainly, as might bu expected-in a reac- tionary movement, a system of negations, seeking to destroy rather than to build up, denying much hut affirming little. No party, however, can long hold together which hus nc bond of union other than a chain of negative propositions, and we must seek for some trace of positive teaching to ex- plain thnt amount of cohesion, however small it maybe, which does oxist in tho frcothougbt community. I tied ihif in' the doctrine which may bo stated as that of salvation by culture. The main portion of ¡tho party consists of those who recoil from thc doctrino of salvation'-by ceremonies, wliilo an inner few-n party- within the party-constituting the small modicum of salt which preserven the wholo from dissolution, nluiiitnitis that salvation, so far as it will allow that, men needs to be saved, is a thing of education ¡ind of culture. Show to men tho unprolltableness of vice, tho utility of goodness, educate men to a taste for science, aiid to1 a perception of the beautiful in literatura :iad 'art; and 'enough lins been dono to lift them into ii noble life, and to work out eventually the truo destiny of the race. It ¡s tho theory of development, applied to the intellectual and moral nature. This party again, so far as there is' any thing positivo in ita teaching, is very largely ind uenccd by tho doctrines of Augusto Comte, the so-called "religion of humanity," which sets forth tho chief end of man ns being tho glory and thc'gewd of mankind It ifcnet tho plaeo hero to discuss the Cbmfist, position. Suffice it to say that it takes no account of Christ's place amongst men, of'Hiswónderfiil'cháracte'r, or,of the'facta'of. His histnrv ; and : that, being moro, properly designated, the. religion *of humanity with Christ left out. stands: much in the same position as would the play of Hamlet with Hamlet's part expunged, it touches the Christian morality in its chief precept-"live for others," which is but another form of the I New Testament sayings-" thou shalt love thy neighbour as thyself," "let no man' seek his awn but every man another's 'welfare :" but of the only sufficient motive-the divine love, and of the only suffi- cient strength-the indwelling presence of the divine spirit it has no'word. It sets before us tho sublime ideal of an absolutely unselfish life, bul can show no method by which that ideal is to be attained except the method1 of edu- cation and moral culture. This is7 tho root ides of tba free .thought school. ' Had we to choose between the systems of salvation by a Church and its ceremonies on the ene hand, and of ealvation.by culture on the other, < I know right well on which side my voice at least would co. But we are re- duced, to no such alternative,... In opposition to both, and not asa vià'meUid between the two', wo' declare salvation ;by faith upon the. Son of God and in tho now. life which comes with faith. Neither ceremonies, nor culture reach, the: . innermost nature. Both are external to tho true, the spiritual: man, , and whatever elsa they may accomplish; through them there Ja no entrant* into the kingdom,of heaven. À knowledge of scientific truth, a delight in art, in musk, in poetry.tbcmith it ,reaches the intaUactyal faculties, etUl IMTM utouohed Shat; inner self, whoasseat ia behind all t&'fáóúltitt : it -mmot.corani*B,d..th» TMiflfring ït**«Vrtvr*^'jiutf*t\fr will upon a steadfast throne. Tbe religion of humanity hu« . fascination for many minds, and would have had for miuo wer« it : not that 1 have long since learnt to worship hamanity in Christ, lt needs only the addition of the ! ! Divine man to make it the very creed that we love and rest ¡ upon, but without Christ it can do nothing. It cannot ; j penetrate into the innermost chambers of tho soul, it can j bring no answer of peace to tho cry of conscious guilt, or j I sweeten the bitter fountain of the sinful heart whence How 'the streams of individual Hie. liva word, it does not touch the spiritual, but only the moral, nature of man. Thus it is that when we look' out in the direction of free thought, we I I find, ns, we did when looking towards the opposito point of j i the horizon, that the groat religious work for us, as a j Christian socioty, ie to insist with ever- increasing urgency i upon the spirituality ot truo religion, and to declare as tho I , supremo need of overy soul-"Ye must bo born j again." It may be well to point out that for thia ' work our attitude, as regards the ordinance of baptism, j places us in a position of special advantage, and there- ; fore of special responsibility. It is superfluous here to I show that our attitude is in accordance with tba expressed j j will of Christ, and with the practice of his moro immediate j ! followers ; but it is not superfluous to remark that amongst . 1 us alone of all Christian denominations tho ordinance re- j . mains what it was intonded to bc, a witness to the spiritual , I nature of Christian religion, lt is a perpetual protest I I against both these schools of thought of which we have i been speaking-against any ' theory, of salvation by a Church and its ceremonies, seeing that we ask of every cnn- j diddle before we administer the ordinance a personal pro- i feasion of bis faith in Christ, and look for credible evidence ! that he walks in newness of lifo-and against any theory \ of salvation by culture aa setting forth in beautiful sym- ¡ holism how thnt tho Christian lifo is not an old life made ¡ better, but a new lifo begun. Having said this, 1 may bo ! expected' to say furthor, that our chief denominational duty is to set forth the ordinance of believer's bap ti sm, and to contend against all error of doctrine ' and practice, in a mutter of such moment. What I j say, howevor, is not this, though it may involve this, j leather, I say, it ia our chief denominational duty to set forth 1 ' with all the clearness we can command, and with all tho 1 power that we can gain in communion with God, first the objective facts of Christ's life, death, resurrection, and ; ascension ; and tben the subjective truth that there is no ; salvation but by faith in Him, and no saved life but thc lifo ; of faith, the lifo which is born from above. This is the very j truth which baptism symbolizes, and to which, when we have declared it, the ordinance itself bears corroborative testimony. I 1 am told that except when we hare occasion to administer ; the ordinance, there is more saidjipon the subject of bap- tism in poxló-b'aptist churches than there is amongst our- ¡ selves. 1 am not surprised, and am quito content that it j should be so. The truth symbolized is greater than ; tho symbol, and having preached, the . truth we can ; afford to leave the symbol to stand forth by itself, i und do ita Own part in the preaching. At 'times it ! may be needful to endeavour to remove misapprehensions and to break, down prejudice, but for tho most port if wo I exalt Christ'He will take care of His ordinances. There is no mun who desires the prosperity of our denomination moro earnestly than I do; but I shall not have "delivered my soul " to-night unless I point out the wav in which, as I conceive it, that prosperity should be sought. It is not by giving continual or especial prominence to that ordinance with regard to which so great a part of Christendom ha« unfortunately dissented from us, but by preaching Christ and seeking tho salvation of nen.' Seek first the Kingdom of Heaven, and these things shall bs added unto you. Tho Lord hath revealed even this unto me-there is no mun that hath forsaken brother or sister, or father or mother, ' or wife or child, er denomination for Christ's sake ! and the Gospel's, bnt he shall receive a hundredfold, now in this present time, brother and sister,' and I mother and denomination, and in tho worltt to ; come eternal life. If wo have any convictions we must come together and bc a denomination ; our consciences will j not let us separate or go where that which ia within us j must not come forth in speech. Lot us not, however, seek ! the extension of our denomination ai such, or for its own sake; but let us seek tho glory of Christ, tho spread pf His Gospel, the salvation of men. To forsake mother or wife, what does it mean but that Christ is to have tho first pince, | an undivided sovereignty in our affections ï But there is no ? man but love« mother or wife the moro because he loves I Christ tba most. liven so in our work, we must allow him to have the pre-eminence, and we shall love and servo our ¡ i own denomination botter because we love him most and serve ! him host of all. In tho number nf Ulnae who shall bo .brought to know the truth through our ministry, and who j being saved by God's grace, shall como to joiu themselves lo I ;. our company,"wo shall find that what wo have forsaken for | i Christ's rake und th» Gospel's hus, accord mir to his promise, been returned u hundred fold. In reading this address it has occured to mo that them aro two things which it may bo well to flay in conclusion. Uri« is that it may bo objected that I have spoken of the free thought party with greater respect than it deserves. To which I nuilee answer that 1 have been speaking of the reasonable and honest section of it. For the other section I havo not any respect whatever. The second thing is that some, I fear, may think that I Imvo iiinde use of expressions, especially with regard to tho Church of England, which aro unjust or uncharitable. To this! make linswor that nothing could bo further from'my desire. 1 have friends in tho communion and iu tho ministry of that Church with whom, in days that taust bo ever of iileasant memory, I took sweet counsel und wnlki.fl to the muse of God in company. Since, for-conscience'suite,! have been constrained to walk in pathways far uport from theirs, it has been tho endeavour of well nigh half my lifo to attain a clearar conception and a finner grasp of truth, simultaneously with a deeper and a broader charity. 'These two things aro not supposed tb bo often fouad together. I truit, however, that I have in some degree realized my de- sire, and it is according to tho measure of my convictions nod of my charity that ! have this evening striven to speak the truth' in love. On the motion of tho Kev. R. F. Becher, B.A., seconded by the Rev..E. Price, and supported by thé-Rev. D. Fenwick; a hearty vote of thanks was fendcrcd to Mr. Claro for his able and timely address. 'The meeting terminated at 9.30 p.m. On Thursday, September 7, the business session was re- sumed at 10 o'clock. Mr. C. Lane, financial secretary, submitted his report anent tho " Banner of Truth." After an extended discussion as to the financial condition of tho "Banner," tho report waa unanimously adopted. The Rev. W. Claro resigned his position as editor, and the Rev. F. Hibberd was appointed editor for the ensuing year. A resolution was passed for the establishment of a " Loan Building Fnud," and the Chairman «nd Secretary, together with Messrs. jjixson, Proctor, Lane, Knibbes, ' Palmer, Whito, und tho Row W. Taylor were appointed to draw up I a scheme tor the regulation of the fund, ^and. report tu the j executive committee. At tho invitation of the Rev. J. Kvans it was decided to ¡ hold tho half- yearly meetings in Newcastle in the month of April. A motion was passed constituting the chairman, secretary, and ministers into a committee for tho purpose of doaling with tho affairs ot the Jivangclist Society. On tho evening of Thursday tho annual public meeting of tho Evangelist Society was held in Bathurst-street church ; tea was provided at 6.30, and tho public meeting was held at 7.30 p.m. Mr. Hugh Tixson presided, and the meeting was addressed by the Rev. R. I' . Becher, B.A., Mr. Isaac Brewor, and . Mr. T. Llewellyn. There waa a good attend- ance, and the interest of the meeting was well sustained to tboclose. On Friday, September 8, s morning session was held in Bathurst-strect church, and afterwards tho ministers and evangelists, with other friends, were hospitably entertained j to dinner by Mr. Jtobert Tuylor. at his residence Coogee. , j On Saturday, September 9, the usual ? harbour excursion ! took place, and th« ministers and delegates, with about 200 j other friends, enjoyed a delightful trip up Middlo Harbour. The excursionists reached the Circular Quay on their return j shortly- after 6 p.m., well pleased with "tho afternoon's j ! outing. On Sunday, Septomber 10, a special service for the United j Sunday-schools was held in Bathurst-strect Church at 3 ''? o'clock"; The ohurch was decorated with flowers for tho occasion, and everything was done by the Bntburst-street j tenchers to facilitate, the comfort of scholars' and visitors, j Tho ground floor of the church was filled with tho . scholars from Rathurst-streat, H arris-street, William-street, and Newtown; while tho pillories were filled with the adult representatives from tho various churches. Tho special hymns, which had been prepared for the occasion, j were rendered with much sweetnoss and precisian uriddr tho nble leadership of Mr. Robinson, while Miss Fidden effi- ' eiently presided at the organ. The chairman of tho Union, 1 tho Rev. W. Clare, B.A., presided,, nnd appropriate addresses were delivered by the Revs. li. Hechor, B.A., : nnd 1). Fenwick'. Altogether, tho service constituted a: most, appropriate finish to one of the most successful scries. of ; annual meetings ever held in connection with the j Baptist denomination of New South Wales. SUDDEN DEATH AT WIMBLEDON. - The European Mail reports tho sudden death of Mr. John Alexander, a partner in the firm ot Messrs. Redfern, Alexander, ana Company, Australian merchants, London,^ while at tho Wimbledon Rifle Meeting. It scorns (bat. on tho morning of July 16 he was supplied with water for his ;j usual bath. No ono had seen him leavo tho camp, but, as there is no rule providing that officers should, report them- . selves before doing so it was.thought that as soon ns ho Had ' I got dressed he had left for the city. The sergeant in charge I took bis usual walk round the tents, nnd saw nothing amiss. In the afternoon a number of lads were plaving 1 cricket in the square, and it so happened that tho'bnll was driven into Lieutenant Alexander's tent. One of the party wont in to get the ball, and discovered the bodv of the officer lying still undressed behind tho bed. He al once raised the alarm, and assistance was procured. Littlo ex- amination .was necessary to assure those in attendance that life was extinct, and a telegram waa instantly despatched to his brother in the city, who arrived in the course of the ovening and took.charge of the body. . The deceased officer, who was held in high esteem in ute regiment to which he belonged, the London Scottish, Waa 32 years of age. He was bom in Australia, but his family belonged to Ayrshire, and at one time owned à small property ? in tbe vicinity of .Ayr.' - . " ' THE MKRCANTIÍE MABINE OP THE UNXTED STATES.-An extraordinary decline has taken place in the United States merchant murine during the last quarter of a century. In 1856 no less that 75 per cent, of their .exports and imports were camed in American ships, whilo in 1881 the proportion had sunk to only 16 per cent. -The ship- builders ors at last awakening to tho, necessity of some action to prevent the attar destruction of their industry, «nd . petition waa recently presen ted in the Senate from the Boord of Trade of Bath, Me., urging the appointment of a ^commission to. sit 4a|rln«;.;fdM .rer^ to Taauira into the caumof tili* alarming dacAï. 