PROGRESS COMMITilSE; }; Tub .following''communications' have, .been received by the Secretary of the Progress Committc. in reply to letters foi waidcd by him to Messrs. Douglas and Loughnan:- ': .v Sydney, 27th July, 1SS2. " The Secretary o£ the- Progress Committee, ???Mi Wagga Wagga. "Dear Sir,-In oeeordanco with your com mittee's request, Mr. Longlman and I waited upon the Postmaster-General regarding, the inadequate accommodation provided both for the public and the officials at the telegraph office, and ho has promised to have tlie matter at onco reported upon. Wo also saw Mr. Cracknell on the same subject, who quite agreed with us, and has promised to recommend the placing of a sum 011 the Esti mates for building a new office; hut with regard to the renting of a temporary oflico, we regret to report that he is decidedly against the proposal, which ho will not ac cede to, unless directed by the Minister. " \Ve have also seen tho Commissioner re the matter of tho Wngga Wagga bridge, aud matters are progressing very satisfactorily. A report has been submitted to tho Minister, approving of the offer as made by tho com pany, that is, if the bridge cost £S920, tho Government will buy it at that sum, plus 10 per cent., t.e., £892, and the profits which it would have returned from 27th July to 23rd October, 1883, less 5 per cent, for cash, £3144-total, £12,950 ; but since this was submitted it has been stated in the department that a sum of £1500 was originally pud by tbo Government towards the cost of building the bridge ; if, there fore, that sum is included by the company in the. original £8920-actual cost then, it, and the 10 per cent, on it, will have to bo deducted from tho above sura $ but if, on the other hand, it was spent over and above tho amount of the corapauy's price, then I believe on their supplyiug the necessary information to the department tho purchase will be pro ceeded with by tho Government. From what I heard when in Wagga Wagga last week, I understand that the said £1500 was laid out in making the approaches to the bridge, and was not included in the company's estimate of cost. It will be well to sec the chairman of company at an early date about this, and get him to furnish particulars, "Following up our application of tho last eighteen mouths, Mr. Loughnan and I, in the absence of Mr. Lackey, saw Mr. Wat son, the Treasurer, who explains that Arch deacon I'owuall quite misunderstood his re mark about the railway workshops, which was made in a joking manner, more to urge the Wagga Wagga residents on than any thing else. What he said was, " that uulcss you take action there is not a ghost of a chance of your getting the workshops at Wauga Wagga." He is quite with Mr. Loughnan and I, that they must bo thero, and not at Juncc ; where, however, it will be very necessary for the Government to make every effort to obtain a good water supply, both for the residents thero and tho railway requirements. M We also saw Mr. Beunett about tho rail way crossing on the Tareutta road, who is to submit the matter to Mr. Goodchap, and I trust tho proposed crossing for stock may be made where suggested, so as to avoid all risk of accident. "I remain, 41 Yours faithfully,. .'J. HKNKY DOUGLAS." ''Sydney, July 27, 1882. " H. G. VV/DiigRan, Esq. "Dear.Sir,-Mr. Douglas aud I paid several visits to various of tho departments to*day. In tbo first place wo saw the Postmaster-Gcueral with regard to tho Telegraph Office. Mr. Gracknoll promised to support U8 iu our application for a now office, and wo suggested to Mr. Brown that the Government might purebaso a site from the Wesleyau body, next the now Com. mercial liunk. Wo next saw Mr. Bennett (Mr. Lackey being out) about tlio bridge matter, and all Beems iu perfect readiness to concludo tbo business. Mr. Bennett will also . auppwt jtLo application to buvo the Tarcutta rpsu taken under tho viaduct as desired ; as also will ho advocate tho placing of proper gates 011 the level crossing for use during high floods. As we were leaving wo, met Mr. Watson, tho Colonial Treasurer, and we asked him about the conversation he had with Archdeacon Pownall relative to the. railway workshops, telling him tho purport of Mr. Pownall's letter to your Committee, Mr. Watson assured us that Mr. Pownall entirely misunderstood him, and that wlrut Uo did aay was to this cfCcgt, vie. * That the workshops would bo put up at Junce if the Wwj'ju people did not stir themselves up and afjilate as the Jancc people were doing.' He ^ said his intention was to give a spur to the \\\ agqa Wagga people. You see the part I have underlined alters altogether the meaning of the first part of the sentence. Mr. Watson sees, as everyone does, th.it the only advan tage Junoe possesses is that it happens to he the junction, whilst in every other respect, more especially in thegreat cs*enli<tl of water supply, Wag^a Wagi»ft is undoubtedly tho nlaee for tho work shops. " I nin, de;ir sir, " Yours trnly, "GlSO. C. IiOCOUNAN. 