^L^^A^M'ONVU-^ ."»'ffgH'awff'^iKfi/tft'j'""_I ¡V/GJi-TOlB*-?" leave PQnvJari designation of a narrow entry which connects John, street and "Guthrie-street, ' 'Marylebone. For brevity it is^usuoUyisppkeivpf by, its denizens as " the Bay. though, on a name-plate at either entrance-fees iii''tjh'è1 "London Directorate it is called , Horace- street 12 former dayB>it"was known as'Cato-street.» tjnde'i^lffdlL^a'rae; across, to gardens 'pass parlance as the scene of Thistlewood s iron stíirtóyi.,l''rt|iecAlled^ although it.'niúsitb'aieutÍBredi through',arclm wayside widens i onto the dimensions of an ittha^itafttä'ä^.tfor the ghost pai-tl^rfsh by descent'.'.' They are Maloney and. Connolly and Keefès.('tEach family occupies at the first oW'W'tMo rooms, so that every house is of itself small colony, iufwhicli,there fire frequcnt^fôrneclne Wars. What at once strikes the Casual jíisitor.iia that there is an unus^a^prej^D^qvancepfivonwn.'i 17 I.) The inhabitants.pf|GatO|Bay are described by the police on yic.npiglibpu.ring station as a " very mixed Jottf ,- Somerton where, it seems, are,/.itolernbly respectable, while others are professional tlñev^;rTlheífe,iualesl are' almost all milk-wonien-nthat, says they delirar'nvilknin' the neighbouring streets and squares. 8 Their occupation is a lucrative one. "'With What tW &n;'$}oatHfie!if employers out of, and^jvjiçOie'y' get, paid, and what they have given to there's a police inspector, observes, whether contrived to make more than a hard-working artis' Like tue'-'fiaher-girls ' di the 4iíj¥th-'éílsb,l¡ ^ft'd^Wrè useful for doing','$£ ''commonly drudgery of a fishing village they are regarded as eligible'! wivrestfioyi the youth left the neighbourhood 'TO have obtained the freedom,-,, of, ",,&$ , Bayley .|s( Tremaye become a member; of laidistaictfiseplii, The people officer Highland!', chair" Were I ever more loyal'to^sjpji'o'ther their jt|i'pseMof'<?fv$ Bay' Early one-offends'against the public spirit of the colony as, for 'example by giving information to the j'pplicjS^he- IB rummed pit) with, saucepans, ftea-kefctleSj and tin trays. ' In -any one "is in trouble, .wnibh'ins'ualiy witness 'gave his' fairley is relieved by means of a "friendly lead," ( On occasion of these entertainments, when every visitor's expected to make a contribution to a plate, sympathisers gather from all the low stùarters of the Weekend! '/'The'ïnyita- ' .. iii-'Ji'j^i -just in, . ii- alkali -in. it trousers by printed card, wlucli,,a¡} in the case of a land which is to take place to-morrow, announces that, "A friendly meeting for the benefit of 'Mrs,' Muldoon, who is in great difficulties, and needs the kind assistance of her friends will be held at the i favourite public-house ' of iVtlie" sept, with some well-known character, in. the chair. Affairs of this' kind are pt uselessly very, frequent, the inhabitants of Cato Bay getting i (into trouble at the rate of one per week the 'wholeybar'rquhd. , ," , ' ', . If they were not interfered with the p.eople. of Date Bay. would simply... fight among themselves, and would never be heard of by the public exception occasions of robbery. As it happens, however, there is a police-station on such close proximity to ," the Ray, that a policeman can drop over a wall into the' midst of the combatants. ''As, also, the inhabitants do all, sorts of injuries to each other short of murder, it often becomes necessary for the guardians of public order to intervene in their amusements. The last riot in Cato Bay led to six arrests for riotous conduct and assaults, six summons for assaults, two summonses for threats and assaults, two for riotous conduct, and one cross-summons The prosecution, taken up by the Treasury, has not yet reached its final stage. When a serious quarrel takes place in Cato Bay it usually extends over some months, growing more violent with the flight of time. The original occasion of the riot for which the Treasury has prosecuted was a wedding, which took place so long ago as last Whitsuntide.-- The joyful occasion was celebrated by a party at No. 3. As the evening advanced the friends of the bride and bridegroom became equal reserve, and, if ter fighting for some time indoors, but filming the space too limited, they turned out into tbestreet. Somanyinjuriesweredistributcd, and so much bad blood was raised, Unit it became necessary, as in the case of the prosecution, to have a number of adjournments. Every Saturday and Sunday the conflict was renewed, with varying fortunes to the com- batants, until it culminated in a battle royal on the afternoon of Sunday, 23rd September. On that day two men walked down the street and requested any one who felt so inclined to " tread on the tails of their calls)" The challenge was not readily accepted, the other inhabitants of, Cato Bay having had almost enough fighting ; so the two challen- gers entered several houses, and, finding that means of renewing the war ineffective, eventually crossed over the street and struck a man who was standing at his own door. Even then, however the chances of raising a fight on that day seemed doubtful until the women joined in One lady made her appearance with a chopper.', Another produced a piece of gas piping. It is worthy of remark that these unfeminine implements were handed over to the men. From the chopper one of the combatants received a wound an inch and, a-half loin/and'cut, to, Juc bone With the. gas piping a woman was dangerously wounded above and below the eye. Iii'the'muidle of the fray the police appeared, and the result was, the prosecution which has occupied' so matches the time of the magistrate at, the Marylebone police court. Since then case was commenced many of the witnesses' have been drummed out of " the Bay," and the feeling among the inhabitants generally is that they ought to be left to prosecute their quarrels in peace. I i' I i i i NEAiaY seven-eighths, of the sago brought into the European markotsiis,,produced in its native place, the island. of Borneo. It is very prolific, three trees yielding more food than in acre of wheat, and six treasurer's than all acre of potatoes. One tree will give (50lb. of food sufficient to support an adult person for a year, A gentleman of long experience in British. North Borneo, Mr. i \Y.< M. Crocker, recom monda a plantation of this valuable pillia on a large scale in the island. Hpicolculutci the probable cost and profits of 2000 acres much as follows The 2000 acres would take 100,000 trees, and the total cost during ten years from the start, including interest, w>.estimates at JE 7.20, after which the plantation would be ready to produce 30,000 trees annually. Then it is calculated that for a yearly outlay of LONZO, there would be a net return of £22,000, leaving a yearly profit of £15.5, Jfrom Sarawak, at the present time, 7000 tons of sago flour is exported yearly, and its cultivation and nanna fncturoafiordssteady employment lorthoimiinds of people, Some of the northern coast lands of tropical Queensland would cross this palm well. " -SOUTH Australia is also getting her share of the line runs fulling and the latest paper to date (up to 25th November) as well as latest telegrams speak of heavy tropical thunder storms and destructive floods. In the Adelaide fat cattle market on the Aird November there was a large supply to hand and prices were a shade lower. Quotations are t? Best bullocks, to £18>l0s.¡ others, from CT to £11, according to weight and quality j best cows, to £8 j others, from £4 10s. to 12 10s. 