ON DWARFS AND ELVES. TAU the 1W/found.| In Hoffmann's fantastic history of the celebrated Minister of Kloinsach, surnamed Cinnabar, Doctor P'osper Alpanus, while giving a consultation to the student Balthazar, opens a folio volume full of pictures representing dwarfs of all forms and kinds As the magician touches each of these portraits with his finger, the dwarf becomes living, jumps out of the book and begins to dance on the table humming like a top, until the doctor, seizing it by the head, replaces it in the column, where it flattens itself into the semblance of a coloured image. Such is almost the experience of the bookworm, who buries himself in the musty pages of treatises on demonology, and in the endless collections of old stories and popular legends. Dwarfs and elves spring into life from between the pages, and dance and ham in his brain, until he has laid them again on paper where the reader may, perhaps, take some pleasure in seeing their fantastic silhouettes pass rapidly before his eyes. The ideal dwarf evidently sprang from a real dwarf. The imagination of man has never conceived anything which has not its natural prototype of its power is limited to varying the composition of elements furnished by Nature. The natural dwarf is one of the most villainous; tricks of ironical or embarrassed Nature. And yet dwarfs have played a rule on the stage of the world. They belong; not only to the curiosities of natural history, we find them here and there lurking in the dark corners of history. They have been the fashionable toys of civilisation, of luxury, and of decadence. In the palmy days of the Roman Empire dwarfs abounded. Augustus had a dwarf named Lucius, only 2ft. high. After his death Augustus built a monument in his honour, surrounded by a bronze statue, the eyes of which were two diamonds The dwarf of Tiberius ate at table with the tyrant in his retirement at Capella, and, like the fools of the middle ages, he had the right of free speech and insolence. Domitian was accompanied nearly always by a dwarf clad in scarlet, whom he often consulted, and who was permitted to help the sombre tyrant in his amusement of catching flies Domitian'a dwarf was mischievous and spiteful, and took delight in provoking and nourishing the terrors and suspicions by which the Emperor was beset. Domitian finally took revenge. He recruited all the dwarfs that he could find, and made them kill each other as gladiators in the arena. What a sinister spectacle it must have been to see this troop of pigmies toddling past the imperial tribune, and to hear their piping, bird-like voices crying : i " Ave Caesar I venture to salutary I" Julia, the daughter of Augustus, had two dwarfs who used to assist her in her toilet. LWnius Calves, who pleaded several times with succesS ' against Cicero, was a dwarf. The actor Melon was so diminutive that he slept at night in a calfskin slung hammock-wise. In the antique world must be mentioned also the dwarf Philotas, who excited the wonder of Socrates, and who, having had the misfortune one day to break his leg. had the pleasure and privilege of being nursed by the lovely Aspasia. ! t In the second centuary, a d. , there lived at Alexandria a dwarf who was a great philosopher. His name was Alypius, and his syllogisms, were so famous that the servants of the day would have been glad to carry him about with ' them on a pocket logic book. Alypius used to thank the gods for having charged his mind is with so in all a portion of matter. Nicepli rus mentions a dwarf no bigger than a partridge, whose singing was the delight of the of art of! Constantine Finally, ' S titan Saladin had a dwarf named Caracas, who. was one of his wisest councillors. The kings of the middle ages used to play at dolls with their favourite dwarfs. The Renaissance carried the passion, for dwarfs to excess in the fate of the Renaissance, dwarfs were! used as picturesque contrasts or set-offs. The! human marionette, beribboned, embroidered and tricked out with pearls and exotic ornaments, was bought as one would buy a rare object off art. Dwarfs figured in all the gates of Europe ;' they were the train-bearers of the patrician' ladies of Venice. ' in the " Banquet " of Paul Veronese, dwarfs roll under the tables with the cats, and gallop on the backs of the greyhounds of kings and princes. The beauties of the Renaissance loved to lead a crooked logged dwarf by a s ring to set off their own God-like stature and beauty, as if they were fairies served by monsters. At the wedding feast of an Elector of Bavaria, a dwarf was served up in a party, from which he issued arrived from head to foot, drew 1rs rapier, cut off the head of a pheasant, and offered his troihytotlio Electress, amidst the Germanic daughter of the assembled guests. The wife of an Elect of Brandenburg made a of election of male and female dwarfs, and tried to perpetuate them in Frederick the Great tried to perpetuate' his regiment of gigantic grenadiers, , I in the seventeenth century the court of Russia acted one of Mother Goose stories The Princess Nathalia, the sister of Peter! solemnly married her dwarf with a dwarfed! All the myrmidons of the empire were invited to the wedding, dressed up in gala clothes, and a laced four by four in fifteen miniature coaches! he cortege then defiled through the town escorted by the tallest grenadiers of the Russian army. At night there was a grand dwarfs' dinner and ball at the Kremlin. There have been dwarfs who were heroes'. Cornelius of Lithuania, the buffoon of Charles the Fifth, fought bravely in his master's wash A mighty exploit, too, was the duel with pistols between Jeffery Hudson, the dwarf of Queen Henrietta Marie of England, Lord 'Minimus, as he was called, and the German Colossus, Oroffe. The dwarf killed the giant, as David of old killed Goliath. The last royal dwarf was the baby of King Stanislas of Poland, who accompanied the king in his retreat at Nancy. The king wept when his dwarf died, like Lear he said " Poor fool and knave, I have one part in my heart that's sorry yet for thee." In aNthology and legend dwarfs abound. Greece invented those charming pigmies whose battle with the cranes was sung by Hesiod and Homer. Their wives became mothers at three, and died of old age at eight How often have poets sung the attack of Hercules by the pigmies The two wings of the army envelop the hero's hands, the main battalion charges his breast, and the queen followed by her archers, mounts bravely to the assault of his head. And Hercules, awakened by the tickling of their myriad feet, laughs with the inextinguishable daughter of the gods, and as he rises he carries along the little army hanging to the bristles of his lion's skin. The Indian legend of Vishnu is magnificent. When he takes the form of a dwarf Brahmin, and presents himself before King Mavali. he asks him for three paces of land whereon to build a hermitage. The king gives them to him. In three paces Vishnu strides across the earth ; the earth is his. i Dwarfs abound in the mythology of Scandi- Davis. They are born of the worms that came in the corpse of Ymor, the chaotic giant whom the sons of boreas, Odin and his brothers, killed during his sleep, nftemardB forming the earth out of his body, the Hens out of his blood, and the heavens out of his head. According to the Edda, the starry head is supported by four dwarfs, called North, South, East, and West The Scandinavian dwarfs dwell in the crevices of stones and in subterranean caverns. Their language is vaguely human. It is called " the echo of the mountains," Dwerga-mal. These dwarfs ara metal-workers and wondrous lapidaries. They dissect the lodes of metals intermingled in the interior of rocks, and are more cunning than any jeweller in the knowledge of diamonds and precious stones, It is they who polish rock crystal for men with the aid of enchanted tools. To their favourites those elves give a precious stone called a Fog cap, which renders invisible those who have it on their persons. They are, too, , skillful armourers. They forgo swords which flash like the rays of the sun and cut steel like water. It was they who made Thor's hammer, Odin's wand, and the golden hair of Siva. The elves of French legend are a roguish and mischievous company. Their very names are eloquent of mallee and stratagem : Origan, Marjolaine, Saute-anx- Champs, Saute-Buisson, Saute-nu-Bois, Verdicts, Jean-des-Arbriseaux, Fleur- des-Pois, Mustard Reed, etc. They are witty and playful like the lives of the Aftd summer Night's Dream. The Breton elves on the other and the Poulpicans-are furtive and sly. They are represented for the most part as thick-set, hairy, little old man, with hands armed with cat's talons, and with goat's horns for sheep. Their eyes shine like carbuncles. Their voice is cracked with age They carry slung over their shoulder a wallet which people think is full' of gold, and which, if they steal it, they find it contain a thing but dirty hair and a pair of rusty scissors. Like the Soindinsvisn elves the Poulpicans are miners, and they try their gold at night by Bounding it on the sacred Menhir stone. Legend says that.. if a man, presents his hand simply they will fill it with gold, but if he brings a bag, they will drive him away and beat him cruelly. The Poulpicans^ live in the Dolmens, _ and dance around them on starry nights, singing a refrain which in the Druidical times was: Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday. They have since added Thursday, Friday, but they are careful to go no further, for Saturday and Sunday are days of evil augury both for them and for their companions, the Kerrigan, who are wicked fairies. The Poulpicans and the Kerrigan help each other to kidnap children. The best way to secure a house against their attacks is to place a bowl of milk on the threshold at curfew time. For some mysterious reason they are obliged to pick up the millet grain by grain. This task keeps them employed all night, and so they have no time to spend in mischief. In German legend dwarfs swarm like gnats on a summer's night. They are a peculiar race, melancholy, sombre, and avaricious ; they live in the clefts of rocks, in little chambers lighted by the sparkling of the precious stones which they store up. When they walk about the earth they wear hoods that render them invisible. Their relations with men are generally courteous. The peasants often borrow kitchen utensils of them, and they themselves often ask services of men. One night as the Count Von Eulenberg was sleeping in his large four-post bed he was awakened by a noise, as of peas danc- ing on the floor. It was a deputation of the dwarfs of his dominions who had come to ask him to lend them the hall of his castle for a marriage. One of them, dressed as a herald, invited the count to the wedding, but begged him to come alone, and to forbid his servants to look in oven out of the corners of their eyes. The count went to the wedding. Limp-bearers, no bigger than glowworms, were ranged round the hall, and an orchestra of crickets played mysterious I music. The count danced with a little lady who was so small that she kept slipping through his fingers. Suddenly the music stopped, thoughts went out like the Sparks on burning paper, and all the guests dod like mice under the doors. There only remained the bride and the bridegroom, and I for herald, who lifted his eyes up to the ceiling. Then there appeared, through a trap-door, I the visage of the old countess, who had been a awakened by the noise and who was watching the dwarfs with curiosity. The herald Baluted I the count, and thanked him for his hospitality, I "But," he said, "since our wedding and our joy have been troubled, and since we have been seen by another human eye besides yours, hence-, forward the house of Eulenberg shall never count more than seven living members." Saying this, he disappeared, and left the bar grave lamenting in the dark the curse of his race. The prediction was fulfilled, and ever , afterwards one of the six chevaliers of Etilouberg died before the seventh came into the word. If the old counters had not been so inquisitive, the count would doubtless have received from his little guests appraisers like that they gave to the Baron von Horn in return for at similar service ; a sword, a sheet of asbestos, and a gold ring mounted with a ' red lion stone. These three objects formed a talisman of good fortune, and whenever any member of the family was about to die the red stone turned pale. ' , , i , Towards the end of the sixteenth century took place the exodus of the German elves ME over the country the peasants played practical jokes upon the, tortured them, and forced them to quit the country. Nowhere where they more regretted than in a village of the canton of Berne, where they used to cut the corn for the harvesters by moonlight. One night they picked all the cherries off a shepherd's tree, and stored them carefully in his fruit rooms. The village folks said " Certainly that is the work of the good little, j dwarfs It is they who come at night, covered! in long mantles and with their feet wrapped up,' and who work for us men." < 1 These words tempted the curiosity of the shepherd ; he wanted to know why the elves wrapped their feet up, and if their feet were like those of men. So the next year, when the summer came, be strewed ashes round his cherry tree. In the morning he found the fruit gathered, and the ashes covered with the print of ducks' feet. The shepherd laughed loudly at the discovery that he had made ; but the elves wore humiliated, and they emigrated to the mountains, cursing the human race. Before they left, they punished the ungrateful shepherd by depriving him of his reason ; he became an idiot and infirm for the rest of his' days : i ' With the triumph of the Reformation, not only the dwarfs, but all the spirits, gnomes, and elves fled from Germany. Luther's voice was like the crowing of the cock, the signal for ghosts and phantoms to vanish. ' But no sooner had the dwarfs disappeared than the adepts of the occult sciences tried to create them. The alchemists of the sixteenth century professed to make homestead, which they kept in bottles, and fed upon wise and rosewater. The legend says that Pope Benedict the Fourth kept seven h ranunculi in a sugar-basin. They are described by Paracelsus in the third chapter of his Pars miriam. Germany possesses another kind of little gnomes called hobbles, which resemble the dwarfs in the minuteness of their stature, but they are demoniacal and mischievous in their character. Unlike the English, French, and Scotch fairies, the kobold are malicious, coarse at an ugly , Some maintain, that they are the spirits of people who have been killed in the houses where they appear. Dr. Martin Luther, after he had been wrestling all day with the devil, related a strange story to his disciples at the Black Eagle Inn. ! A servant girl had known for several years an invisible spirit, who used to come and sit by her under the mantel shelf, where she had reserved him a place. They used to chat together by the fireside on long winter evenings. One night the servant asked Heinachen- that was the Dobell's name-to appear to her in his true form. Heinsoben refused at first, but yielded at last, and promised her that she should see him in the cellar. When night came the servant took a candle and went down into the cellar. She looked about a long time, and at last she saw at the bottom of a tub a child floating in its blood. A few years before the servant had killed her child, and hidden away the corpse in an old tub. But it is time perhaps to turn back ; it might be dangerous to penetrate further into this forest of legends, full of labyrinths and mazes The fairies, and brownies, and Kerrigan's, take particular delight in misleading the simple wayfarer. , , 