LATER ENGLISH NEWS. [I'ER AUSTRAL.J LONDON, May 2(5. Among the new Knights of the Order of St. Michael and St. George is Mr. John Hall, lately First Minister in New Zealand. A duel between M. Dreyfus, Private Secretary to M. Wilson (who is said to be responsible for the articles in the Lanternc against the Finance Department) and M. Valain, one of M. Lton Say's subordinates, came off recently near Meudon. Both combatants were wounded, but neither seriously. The Constantinople correspondent of tne Daily News says:—"The Sultan is furious with England and France, especially as he sees himself utterly unable to resist the decisions of Europe on the Egyptian question. Great excitement still prevails at the Palace and the Porte, and certain naval preparations—of slight importance, however, are being proceeded with. On May 23 Sir C. Dilke, being asked by Mr. G. Elliott what steps had been taken for the protection of the Suez Canal, declined to add anything to the statement already made that the subject had received the early attention of the Government. Sir W. Lawson having asked for what pnrposes the fleet had been sent to Alexandria, the Under-Secretary said, it had gone to protect the lives and properties of British subjects, with the hope that its presence would help to maintain the status quo, the sovereignty of the Sultan, the position of the Khedive, the liberties of the Egyptian people, the development of their institutions, and the observance of international engagements. Sir W. Lawson asked, amid a good deal of laughter, whether force was to be employed to carry out any of these objects, but Sir C. Dilke declined to give any further answer. According to the latest official returns the emigration from Germany, which has been increasing for a long time past, has at last began to show a slight decline. In April, 1882, the number who emigrated was 16,748, against 21,117 in April, 188L Up to May 1 this year the total number of emigrants amounted to 44,249, against 45,752 last year. The reports respecting the coronation of the Czar are very contradictory, and by the latest accounts the ceremony has been postponed to May, 1883, owing to the Russian Government being unable to guarantee the safety of the Emperor. The Minister of the Imperial Court has been advised by the police of various foreign capitals that the Terrorist Party are plotting for an attempt on the life of the Czar on the Coronation day, and it has been resolved to postpone the ceremony until 1883. A crisis is at hand between the Mormons and the Gentiles. The former have instructed their leaders not to trade with the latter, and the Gentile merchants have eschewed all transactions with the Mormons, and have discharged all their employes who belong to the sect. Class feeling is becoming more and more bitter in tho State of "Utah, and the ladies of Ogden City who belong to the Episcopal Church have determined to present Mrs. Senator Edmonds with a satin quilt as a taken of their gratitude to the Senator for his endeavours to promote a better civilization in Utah. The quilt will be embroidered with the names of all those who contribute fifty cents, the money to be employed in the foundation of an anti- Mormon school. Meanwhile the reorganized Josephite Mormons have dispatched 200 missionaries to England with orders to bring back as many recruits as possible. Air. Cropper having asked the Secretary of State for India whether the emigration of coolies from India to Reunion had been c o >ped, and if so at what date, the Marquis of Hartington said : — The emigration of coolies from India has not yet been actually stopped, although its stoppage has for some time past been under consideration, the position of the question being very far from satisfactory. Negotiations have long been in progress for the revision of the Convention and for the purpose of making proper provision for the protection and well-being of the coolies. With this object a Commission has met in Paris to arrange a basis of a revised convention; ana* last year .the French Government prepared a projei de d4crci, containing their views and the concessions which they were willing tomake. This, after being reported on by the British Commissioners, was transmitted to tjie Government of India. As negotiations have thus been actually going on, emigration has been allowed to continue up to the present time. We have only very recently received a despatch from the Government of India, giving in detail their views on the projet de decret, They consider it indispensable that on certain points further concessions should be made, and, failing these, that emigration should be stopped. Galleotti, the Italian boy nine years of age who is creating a great impression in tne London drawing-rooms by his remarkable powers as an improvisatore at the pianoforte, was at a party a few nights since given by Sir George Wombwell to the Prince of Wales. The first subjects, two bars of melody, given by Mr. Grossmitn and Mr. Alfred de Rothschild, were treated with much skilL The Prince then asked Mr. Grossmith to play the ghost melody from " The Corsicau Brothers," This with great success Galleotti treated in turn as march, fugae, and waltz. It is a bitter satire on our much-vaunted appreciation of genius, and of all that appertains 1 thereto, that a nephew of the poet Burns is at this moment living in the Glasgow Pooi house. Gilbert Burns is an old and disused man-of-war's man, in bis eighty-first year, and destitute of all provision for his declining days. His personal services to the nation, in a capacity in which it is not eiv-en to a man to lay oy much store for a rainy day, are surely of themselves sufficient to entitle him to a modest competence, apart from the asylum which the State provides for those who have no claim upon it save nationality and necessity. H they have any money left after paying for their concessions, it appears probable that many of the new Electric-lighting Companies will have to spend no small portion of it in actions at law. The number of these brewing or pending is something astounding, and if an estimate can be formed of the course they will pursue from the Telephone Company's, action just concluded, the lawyers have the prospect of very profitable business. That action was concluded a few days ago in the Court of First Instance by the judgment of Mr. Justice Fry, after sixteen days' hearing, at which five Queen's Counsel and three, at least, of the junior Bar held briefs. Both plaintiff and defendants must, therefore, have remarkable bills to pay, and if all electric patents are fought with the same display of perseverance some Companies will not have much money left in a short time to go to law with at all. Judgment has just been delivered by Air. Justice Fry in the action brought by the United Telephone Company against Harrison, Cox, Walker, & Co. The plaintiff Company is possessed of the Edison and Graham Bell patents, and the object of the action was to restrain the defendants from infringing "Edison's transmitter"and "Bell's receiver. The trial has lasted fifteen days. His Lordship, in an elaborate judgment, decided in favour of the plaintiff Company so far as the Graham Bell patent was concerned, but dismissed the action as far as it related to the Edison patent. The Select Committee of the House of Commons on the Electric-lighting Bills met on May 25 to consider their resolutions, Mr. $tauhope presiding. After having been in .private deliberation from 12 o'clock until 8.30 the public were admitted into the .Committee-room, and the Chairman stated that he and his colleagues had not yet concluded the discussion of the various points before them, and would meet again next day. They were, however, prepared to recommend that all clauses affecting electric-lighting should be struck out of all private Bills before Parliament this session. It is understood that the Committee intend to recommend to Parliament the adoption of a public BiU dealing with the whole question of public lighting on the lines of the suggestions thrown out by the Board of Trade, and largely contained in the public Bill before them. They have agreed upon the majority of the clauses to be incorporated in such a measure as they propose. The announcement of the intention of the Government to distribute a sum of £180,000 among the Irish constabulary, as a national recognition of their arduous kbours and proved fidelity and zeal during the last two years, has been received with grateful feelings by the rank-and-file of the force. The officers, however, who have shared their toil and peril, and have had their responsibility vastly increased, feel aggrieved, and not without reason, that there is no practical acknowledgment of their special exertions. A similar feelingis exhibited by the Dublin Metropolitan Police, who have been harassed and have suffered severely from the violence of the populace and the increased duties cast upon them. It has been by no ordinary watchfulness and exertion that they have repressed the lawless spirit which was beginning to show itself in the city, and would, no doubt, have proved formidable if not put down by a strong hand. Cardinal McCabe paid a visit to the Lord Lieutenant last week at Dublin Castle, and had a long interview with His Excellency. The sentiments of His Eminence as to the state of the country, and especially as to the recent assassinations, are well known. It is a singular fact, suggestive not, it may well be believed, of any change of feeling on the part of the great mass of the community, who are still as faithful and obedient to their spiritual guides as ever, but rather of the paralysis of fear which recent crimes have excited, and to the more defiant and desperate attitude of the lawless class, that only three or four persons were in waiting to receive His Emi- nence on his return from Rome, invested with the highest ecclesiastical honour .'and authority, although his return was expected, and, under other circumstances, such an event would have called forth a public demonstration. Still more significant is the fact that on the evening of his arrival some miscreants placed a piece of crape at his hall door, and that His Eminence has since been placed under police protection. The Council of the Fenian Brotherhood has issued a manifesto to the Irish revolutionists in the United States. It reproves all Irishmen for speaking of the Dublin assassination as a murder, saying, "Call it rather the wrath of God following in the footsteps of the oppressor. Let us clothe ourselves in sables, aye, in sackcloth and ashes, for our own dead, not for the enemy's." The manifesto proceeds in this strain for some length, and speaks of Mr. Burke as a poor tool who deserved to lose his life, and concludes thus : —" Awake, arise, in solemn, secret conclave, continue with augmented force, give emphasis, dagger, fire, sword, and other available resources of civilization to our imperishable hatred, our ancient, merciless, unrelenting enemy, to destroy whom we shall use, while life endures, every means within reach of human effort. We proclaim our unswerving fidelity with ancient Gospel force; we authoritatively declare you are to regard recent events merely as a cloud the size of a man's hand on the horizon, clearly indicating what will infallibly follow in the near future. To our brethren of every Irish secret revolutionary organization we now solemnly declare the watchword—the hour has gone forth; we pledge ourselves to apply all our resources, redoubled energy, and devotion, with even a ferocity equal to" that of our arch-enemy, to the great work confronting us." Ireland has once more dominated Parliament throughout the week. On Friday, May 17, the Prevention of Crime Bill passed its second reading by an overwhelming majority. Since then it has been debated, criticised, and denounced on the motion to go into Committee. Mr. Cowen brought forward an amendment hostile to the principle_ of the measure, which was rejected last night by 334 to 47 votes. The Bill will therefore, be discussed in Committee at the morning sitting to-day, on the conclusion of which the House •will rise for the Whitsuntide recess, reassembling on Thursday next, June 1. The whole of Monday, May 22, was occupied with the Arrears Bill. The measure is condemned by the Opposition, because it makes insolvent Irish tenants a free gift instead of a loan ; because it is limited to holdings of £30 a year and under; because, as is said, it will supply those who do not share in its benefits witn a fresh ground of grievance; and because while it releases tne peasantry from their debts to landlords, it does not release them from other obligations which are quite as oppressive—those they have incurred to money-lenders. Finally, it is argued, the Arrears Bill is no real solution of the Irish land question. There is, however, a general feeling that something should be done, that until the Irish people are released of their accumulated debts to their landlords—in consequence of the bad years of 1878-79-80 — the Land Act will not have a fair chance. In the small hours of Tuesday morning a Parliamentary tempest arose, which continued to rage throughout the whole of the next sitting, and reached the climax of fury on Wednesday. The Government calculated on being able to carry the second reading of the Arrears Bill at Monday's sitting, and when, after midnight, a motion for the adjournment was made, Mr. Gladstone opposed it. Then came a series of motions for the adjournment of the House or of the debate, ollowed by divisions. In the end the debate was adjourned to 2 o'clock the same day. When the House met again the Prime Minister proposed that the Prevention of Crimes Bill and Arrears Bill should have priority over all other business. This suggestion gave rise to a heated wrangle, and excited a controversy which occujjied the greater portion of the sitting. The Parliamentary atmosphere was charged with fresh electricity when the House reassembled at 9 o'clock, but the culminating point in the disturbance was, as has been already said, not reached till next day. The Prime Minister's speech is admitted unanimously to have been worthy of himself and of the occasion. He began by characterizing Mr. Dillon's harangue as "heartbreaking." Mr. Gladstone might well feel it to be so in a special degree. He has devoted the later years of his public life to the pacification of Ireland. He has incurred much odium and the risk of political overthrow in the performance of his self-imposed task. He has disestablished the Church, has passed two Land Acts, and is now pressing a third Land Act—for that is what tne Arrears Bill practically is—upon Parliament. As an oratorical effort the Prime Minister's speech was exceedingly fine. Its matter was as gocd as its manner, and its reasoning was close and cogent. Mr. Dillon's central statement was that he would not attempt to stop or reprobate outrages till the Govern- ment placed a summary veto upon eviction. But eviction is the simple exercise of a legal right; how then can it be put upon the same level as murder and other atrocities ? Mr. , Dillon, in effect, as Mr. Gladstone pointed out with unanswerable force, asks the Government to sanction lawlessness and wholesale robbery of the owners of property—asks them., in fact, to consent to a condition of thingss which must result in the dissolution of society. 'The'#iomest1c event ot the week in France has bee-n M. Leon Say's resignation and reaccep'tance of office as Minister of Finance. Bi*VL though M. Say still continues a member of M. de Frevcinet's Cabinet, it is not he who has changed his opinion, but the Chamber of Deputies, which has cancelled its dissent from his financial policy, and has passed a vote of confidence m him by 302 to 26. The truth is, that M. Say is essential at the present moment to the French Government. When the Chamber pronounced in favour of the Bill, M. Say resigned, and the next day, when the Chamber signified its repentance, M. Say returned to his colleagues. The French Finance Minister is a man of far too much weight and ability to render it passible for the Government to dispense with his serrices and to continue in power. 