THE TRAVELLER. SPAIN AND THE SPANIARDS. TOLEDO. Nearly in the centre of New Castile, and high above " the glen where Tagus rolls be neath his rocks stands the grand old city of Toledo. Toledo of Toledoblade fame, a town so eminently Spanish in all its ways, that as I grope along its narrow labyrinthine streets even the round pebbly stones beneath my feet remind me of lumps of Spanish liquorice cemented together with a mixture of garlic and saffron sauce. If any one wishes to contrast the Spain of the present day with that of mediaeval times, let him come to Toledo and gaze upon its wondroys cathedral, its splendid churches, its palatial convents with their marble patios, where now dank weeds and green mosses grow its Moorish gateway with their rich tracery of fretted stone covered with trailing creepers, its crumbling battlements, where the myrtle, the olive, and the vine cleave the big stones asunder with their fibrous roots, and its ruined Alcaza, where the swallows twitter and gambol, where the owl hoots, and through whose gaping windows ana desolate portals the fiery sun and the silvery moon shed their alternate light upon the delicate frescoed walls. Look on all these stupendous monuments of a bygone a<*e--these remnants of former wealth and splendour, and you can realize the Toledo of the Golden Age of Spain with its 350,000 inhabitants, and you can behold, too, the Toledo of to-day with* its 13,000 idle, languid, lounging, smoking, procrastinating Castilians strolling listlessly through its antiquated streets, sprawling out their lank, ragged limbs in the sun, grovelling in the gutter, living upon sour wine and watermelons, and doing nothing save mourning as it were in a woe begone morose lotus-eating kind of fashion over the departed glory of their " Queen of the Tagus"—a city which, in the words of a famous Moorish poet—"has the green rega, for a mantle, walls for a turban, a river for a girdle, and trees laden with golden fruit for stars." Nature has, in fact, done all she can to deck Toledo with her beautieB. Its elevated situation renders it a striking object, even when seen in the distance. The approach to it on all sides is remarkably fine, and when you gaze upon the ancient citadel for the first time, with its lofty towers, its terraces of white-faced red-roofed houses, rising one above the other amidst groves of spreading trees, its Moorish castle and belt of massive walls, with the broad Tagus rolling below, you are reminded of what it muBt have been in its palmy days, when rich with the golden trea sures of the New World, it formed an im uregnable stronghold and kept watch and ward over the fertile plains of Castile. Since time whereof the memory of man runneth not to the contrary, Toledo has oc cupied a foremost place in the history of Spain. It iB one of the most ancient cities, not only in the Peninsula, but in the whole world, and if the early chroniclers are to be believed, its existence dates back to some indefinite period before the Flood. When the Romans conquered Toledo it was already a flourishing place, and when the Gotbs in vaded the country Leorigild made it a royal city and the metropolis of his kingdom. In this somewhat mythical age of Toledan history perhaps the most remarkable mon arch was one surnamed Wamba, who is said to have been, besides a bold warrior, a man of colossal stature, of gigantic strength, and consummate judgment, and withal of so modest a disposition that it is even related that when the great men of the kingdom elected him as their king the Gothic giant koo-hooed right out with real tears in his eyes at the mere thought of having the crown of his hat supplemented ky a regal diadem, and it is a curious historical fact that he only consented to accept the " bauble" upon his admirers threatening to make Him a head shorter if he refused. It is satisfactory to learn that Spain, which up to this period nad been shaken to its foundation by foreign and internecine wars, enjoyed a long peace under the prudent rule of Wamba the Modest, who beautified the kingdom, and especially the. city of Toledo. At this distance of time it is remarkable to find the traditionary love which is still retained for this wise king. As a matter of fact, Wamba is to day not only the most renowned but the most revered man in the annals of Toledo. He is here what the Gid is in Burgoo Boabdil, the Moor in Granada, and Don Quixote in La Mauclea. Men relate his marvellous deeds, and quote his trite precepts, women prattle and joke about him, lads and lasses pray that he may Mess their amorous longings, and small children and sucking infants look upon Wamba as _ a big bogey. So, also, every antiqse relic anq hoary monument whose history iB lost in the obscurity of ages — and Toledo is fall of them—is credited to Wamba's account. Yonder heap of shapeless ruins marks the site of Wamba'a palace, tbat mouldy old wall built into the side of the Court of " Our Lady" over the way, owes its origin to Wamba's handiwork. It may be in reality .Phcenican, Carthagenian, Bo man, or Gothic, but where is the man who can swear thatl it was not built by Wamba! En El tiempo del Bey Wamba repre sents a fixed period beyond dispute. I don't know of a better subject for a zealous antiquarian to hunt down than this illustrious Gothic King. Bound about the Cathedral, in an out tne churches, through the dilapidated convents, up and down tne narrrow streets, into old burial grounds, over the ramparts, along the rocky banks of the Tagus, up and by the Castle of Cerrantes, and out into the distant hega, this modest barbarian would afford any amount of sport. His very name seems to haunt the place like a ghost, and whenever I retire to my sepul chral-looking chamber during bhe small houra of the nightB, where the pale moon shines fit fully through the barred casements, and where gamboge-painted eaintB stare vacantly with tneir big eyes from the whitewashed walls, 1 instinctively look under my bed to see whether the spirit of Wamba is hiding there in the form of a grim skeleton, with a spiked iron crown Btuck in a faintly devil may-care fashion on its bald skull, a two handled sword by his side, and a skin of the wild boar wrapt round its cavernous ribs. When the Moors captured Spain the Kings of Granada made Toledo one of the principal strongholds of their splendid empire, and at taeir overthrow it became one of tne chief seats of the princely Court of Ferdinand and Isabella, as well as the ecclesiastical head of the Christian Church, and so loyal was it to the throne of Castile that when Burgos dis puted the precedence in the Councils, the King, Alonso XL, exclaimed," Let Burgos speak first, 1 will speak for Toledo, which always does what I wish." Toledo like "Valladolid was from an early period cele brated for itB learned men, as also for the magnificence of its seats of learning, both ecclesiastical and lay; but war and revolu tion, and more especially the destruction of the rich monasteries, ana the appropriation of the Church revenues by the State, have ruined the Queen City of Tagus, yet, for its historical associations and its magnificent monuments, it is still one of the most inte resting towns south of the Pyrenees. The streets of Toledo are narrow and cramped, and their windings are so intricate tbat they seem to have been designed for the express purpose of bewildering and mystify ing the inhabitants whenever they venture out of doors. If you wish to find any par ticular locality in Toledo the best way is to follow your nose and trust to Providence or else make for the Cathedral—the most con spicious point in the city—and then describs a series of concentric circles round it until you happen to drop upon the required spot; this may take you a whole day or even a week or even a mouth; but by dogged perseverance and a lavish sacrifice of boot-leather you are bound to come out right in the end. If you ask any one to direct you you will be likely to get only deeper into the mire, for the chances are your informant V'ill first point up to the skies, then over the roof of the houseB, and then to all the cardinal points of the compass, and then stalk coolly on his road with a "Saya con Dios Seftor," Go on your way with God, Sir," and what is still worse, he will turn hautily from you with a dignified air, which will seem to tell you in silent yet eloquent words that he has condescended to confer an infinite service upon you by still further bewildering your bump of locality. Moreover, each street is pavea with share, knobby stoues, upon which you Blip and slide like a drunken man with hiB skin full of the most villanous Spanish wines, and if you happen to be endowed with corns or bunions, or even have a blister on your heel or on the soul of your foot—say the size of half a crown, you will be apt to anathematize the architect of the streets in a way calculated to detract immensely from his spiritual preferment in the seventh heaven. It is a matter of pro found popular belief that a certain place situated somewhere in the immensity of space is literally paved from beginning to end with the profoundest of benign intentions, but I am thoroughly of opinion that the streets of Toledo were never paved with any other intention than to wrench the ankles and blister the feet of the untold souls who ha ve waddled over them for countless centuries. Upon a hot day, when the sun shoots down upon your head like molten lead, and these racking stones become almost red-hot, you feel as if you had already crossed the Sty and were going through your first ordeal of purga torial penance. Tne lumbering drays with their massive wooden wheels roll over them with a sound of thunder, the mules and donkeys send out fiery sparks from their iron bound hoofs as they struggle over them, the men curse loudly as they slip and slide backwards and forwards over their polished surface, and it is only the women with their small arched feet encased in silk stockings and satin shoes who can afford to smile as they trip along with the soft easy graceof mountain gazelles. If any of these terrestrial angels ever go to that dismal city which I have already dimly hinted, I wonder whether they will be able to glide over the incande scent roadways with the same inimitable ease and sangfroid. On each side of these narrow tortuous highways the houses rise up six and seven stories high, and appear to be wrenched and twisted and twirled about as if tney had been contorted by an earthquake. In fact, it is difficult to believe that you are in a city inhabited by ordinary human beings—you feel as if you were in the home of a squint eyed race—nothing is straight, everything winds about with snake-like sinuosities. Most of the houses and public buildings are whitewashed or painted saflron colour, and decorated on the outside with painted baa re/if/srepresenting clusters of flowers,garlands, cupids, vases, and medallions and other appropriate designs, and their ponderous overhanging roofs decorated with curious sculpture almost shut out the clear sky which is here the colour of lapis lazuli. Iu general the wide portals embellished with pillars of blue granite are surmounted with time worm escutcheons and with their fantastic designed balconieB, barred windows, and mis adores, many of these antique domiciles appear to partake at the same time of prisons ana fortresses. All the buildings, in fact, have a sombre and yet picturesque mediaeval look about them, and an architectural cachet peculiarly their own. There are walls and encampments here built by the Romans, palaces built by the Moors, and churches and convents innumerable built by the Christian Spaniards after they had defeated their ruth less conquerors, but there is nothing here of the present day, not even in the dress of the Toledans, who still stick to their national cestnmes and ancient customs, for Toledo is above all things a conservative city. Wander about it no matter at what hour, when the glaring sun shoots its golden rays athwart the fantastic gables of the houses, and gilds the tall spires of the forest of churches, or at night when the soft moonlight plays m and out of the nooks and cranmeB of the quaint streets, and it is difficult to divert your mind of the belief that yon have suddenly stepped back into the quiet life and drowsv existence of the Middle Ages, when railways were unknown, and the telegraph and the telephone not even visionea forth in dreams. Wherever you go you get glimpses of scenes which would lead you to suppose that Toledo must have stood still while all the rest of the world was advancing. It is true that you may hear the shrill screech of the railway whistle, and if you go up on to yonder hill where the ruined Alcaza of the Moors looks out like a hoary sentinel over the town, you may see the iron- horse scamper across the rega with his tongue of flame and tail coiling smoke, but he only looks like agrimphantom who comes to screech and snort at Toledo, as if anxious to awaken her from her centuries of sleep. Every night and every day as regularly as clock work the galloping roaring monster of modern civilization howls and shouts and kicks up his heels and rattles his steel- clad ribs at the very gates of this time worn citadel, but the old grey towers only echo back the brazen notes and thundering sound in a stolid, defiant, kind of way, and the "Queen of Tagus," wrapped in her threadbare cloak of idleness, remains un moved, and with a right down royal supreme indifference lets the rowdy innovator rip whilst she basks at ease in the bright Castilian sun and dozes languidly away in her oblivious siesta. (To he. continued.) 