LADIES' NEWS-LETTER. BY A LADY. London, April 20. Very many interesting bits of information and anecdotes concerning the deceased American poet are constantly cropping up, as is usually the case when a popular genius or a great man has gone to his rest. Not everyone knows that the house wherein Long- fellow died, and which he inhabited for some years previous to his death, was at one time the head-quarters of George Washington, the celebrated American patriot, who retired there after the "Battle of Bankers Hill." The General's chamber was the study in which the poet spent most of his hours. Mrs. Long- fellow's parlor was the room opposite; this, with the apartment immediately behind it, were those set apart for the use of General Washington's aides-de-camp, in the days when America was struggling for independence. The appointments of Longfellow's home seem to have been as simple as were his tastes. Among a few details of the features of his study we read:—"There is a large orange tree in one window, and not far away a large stuffed bird." The inkstand, which belonged to Coleridge, and the fluid from which may have supplied the pen that wrote the "Ancient Mariner," stands on the study table; por- traits of eminent men, many of whom were the personal friends of Longfellow, are seen on the walls, against which are well-filled book-cases, containing many valuable literary works, one case being filled exclusively with the original manuscript of Longfellow's own writings. Beside the fireplace is the children s chair, a chair mentally and correctly associated with that one of which the owner, in his poem entitled "The Children's Hour," says of his children that— "They climb up into my turret, O'er the arms and back of my chair; If I try to escape they surround me, They seem to be everywhere." What a pleasant peep into Longfellow's domestic life does this little song of the affections gives to us, nor is it the only por- tion of his writings which reveals family in- cidents in the life of the professor. Among his miscellaneous poems we have the song, "Two Locks of Hair." Not all who have read it know that it refers to a mournful episode in the poet's own life. After a very brief period of wedded happiness he lost both wife and child, and as if trying to escape from his grief—alas, who by flying ever left sorrow behind—the bereaved husband immediately set out for Europe. That delightful poem in prose, "Hyperion," is supposed to relate some of the experiences of Longfellow's second wooing, and the May Ashburton of the story is authentically stated to be an idealised portrait of the poet's second wife. The subsequent union lasted eighteen years, when it was dissevered by a most terrible and tragic event. Mrs. Longfellow was playing with her children one winter's evening when her dress took fire, and she died from the effects of the accident. Throughout most of Longfellow's poems there runs an under- current of sadness—a sort of threnody—a pathos that could only proceed from the pen of one who was himself "acquainted with grief." It is not, however, the impotent wail, nor querulous complaining of a man assailed and defeated by affliction, to use his own expressive words, Longfellow had learned " To suffer and be strong." His poem, enitled "The Two Angels," was penned on the occasion of the death of Mrs. Lowell, wife of the present American Minister at the Court of St. James, also friend and brother poet of the lost bard. Whilst on the subject of obituary notices I may mention that yesterday, April 19, was the first anniversary of the death of the late Earl of Beaconsfield. Previous to this date, in the Times newspaper, there appeared a letter from a correspondent reporting that, "In memoriam," there would be a great de- mand for primroses (the late nobleman's favorite flower). These to be worn as button- holes and in other ways, as showing the still- living affection entertained for the departed statesman. Consequently every tenth person I met was adorned with one bunch or more of these rural emblems. Ladies wore them in their hats, bonnets, and elsewhere on their persons, whether walking or driving. Men also carried the symbolic flowers in their coats, not however as prosaic "Peter Bell' would have done, of whom Wordsworth said— "A primrose on a river's brim, A yellow primrose was to him, And it was nothing more." Less typical of political sentiment than of private feeling were the flowers worn in such profusion on the anniversary of the states- man's death, and as further evidence of the affectionate memory with which he is re- garded many shop windows as well as those of private houses displayed primroses in bunches or worked into floral devices. At one stationers I saw a wreath of them surround- ing an inscription with these words, "Take him for all in all, we shall not look upon his like again." There was a memorial service held in Hughenden Church, which was pro- fusely decorated with flowers, and the Queen sent two wreaths, one of primroses and one of immortelles, which were laid on the Earl's grave. Other friends likewise sent wreaths. It was observed that Lord Beaconsfield's nephew and heir, accompanied by his father, occupied a seat in the House of Commons in the evening. Only some half dozen of the members were, however, primrose bedecked. It was a small though graceful tribute to the deceased nobleman's memory that his preference in so small a matter should be re- membered, and that the flowers he loved most should be the button-holes of the week. But it should have been remembered also that primroses are the emblems of inconsistency. To those who knew the floral meaning of the blossom there was something exceedingly invidious in the choice of it, and Lord Beaconsfield's admirers would have done well to consider the significance attached to the little yellow flower before they hoisted it "In Memoriam." Whether it will become a settled custom to wear primroses on the 18th of April remains to be seen. Probably not. The year-old grave that is flower-bedecked and tear-bedewed to- day may be unvisited on the next anniversary, and mourners, however sincere their grief now, may recollect with a pang of com- punction that the next one has passed by unrecognised. Small blame to them, for in the beneficent ordering of things it is so arranged that only those who morbidly nurse their sorrows and obstinately refuse to be comforted are rendered permanently un- happy by the loss even of those with whose soul their own was built up in the very closest bonds of an undying affection. Of these there are some few of whom it may be said truly— "There came a mist and a driving rain, And life was never the same again." Not quite the same, perhaps, but the wound heals, even though the scar left aches sadly at times. But happily of few can it be truly said, as "Scripture heth it," "They go softly all thier days in the bitterness of their souls." The 27th inst. is to be, after all, the date of the Duke of Albany's marriage. Extra laborers are employed to make up for lost time, and everything will be in readiness by the time appointed. The bridegroom will be supported by his brothers in-law, the Prince of Wales and the Grand Duke of Hesse. All the gentlemen are to be in full dress "with trousers." Ladies who take part in the procession must appear with trains and plumes. Those who go in the capacity of spectators only need not wear trains. A new wedding march has been composed for the bride and "Mendelssohn's" will be played at the conclusion of the ceremony. The Honorable Mrs. Martin has been appointed "lady in waiting" on H.R.H. the Duchess of Albany, and will accompany her grace into the honey- moon seclusion. A special number of the Graphic will be published shortly after the marriage. It will contain engravings of all the principal scenes connected with the wedding, and will have portraits of the principal movers in the event. These have been executed from paintings from life, the bride and bridegroom having given special sittings for their portraits. The cost of this extra double number of the Graphic will be one shilling. I mention the fact thinking the Queen's loyal subjects in the colonies may like to avail themselves of this opportunity of learning more of the event than I have space to relate, not to speak of the interest afforded by illustrations taken from life. Princess Helene comes to England with her mother and father, her sister, and the hereditary Prince of Wal- deck Pyrmont. The King and Queen of the Netherlands are expected to reach England on Tuesday next. Their majesties remain the guests of the Queen at Windsor Castle, and during the remainder of their short stay in town will be located at Buckingham Palace. Madame Adelina Patti has returned from America to England, and she at once pro- ceeded to her Welsh home, where she remains. The Royal Italian Opera season commenced on Tuesday, and Patti is announced to re- appear during the third week in May. Madame Albany, Madame Pauline Lucca, and Madame Semliech have also engagements at Covent Garden during the season. A new tenor, of whom much is expected, is M. Les- tellier. At the conclusion of her operatic engagement abroad Madame Patti received, among other evidence of appreciation and affection, a pillar of roses inscribed with the words "bon voyage," and a large anchor con- structed of red and white roses. Report goes that the Duke of Argyle, father-in-law of the Princess Louise, having taken to himself a young wife, is about to marry two of his daughters, one to the Vicar of Kensington, the Hon. and Rev. Carr Glyn; the other to Mr. Hallam Tennyson, son and secretary of the "poet laureate." Verily it may he said that matrimony, like measles, is contagious, and that one pair of white gloves ensures the drawing on of another or others. The Bishop of Lincoln, Dr. Words- worth, is so opposed to the passing of the bill in favor of marriage with the "deceased wife's sister," that he has moved that petitions against it should be printed and distributed about the diocese in order that women who object to the motion may append their signatures. This it is thought will bring the good diocesan into disfavor, but it is my opinion that many more women than at present suspected would be glad of expressing their views on the matter, since I am sure it is taking too much for granted that we unanimously agree in thinking our unwedded sister would make the best mothers-in-law to our babes in the event of their needing such a protector; on the contrary, I believe many, if not a majority, of women think nothing of the sort, and only want an opportunity of contradicting the false conclusions which have been drawn concerning this matter. Absorbed in their family cares, their social and domestic de- lights, and occupations, woman does not give the question much if any thought, and leaves men to legislate for her, rarely thinks of the matter as applying to her own case, and naturally shrinks from a thought which involves so much, just as many men put off making their wills, appearing to labor under the delusion that to provide for pos- sible contingencies necessarily involves the hastening of the event, for which such pro- vision is made. I believe if this country were canvassed a majority of the women of Eng- land, after careful consideration of what the passing of the Bill would effect in its imme- diate disturbance of existing social and domes- tic relations, with due regard to the object especially in view, a majority, as I said, would I believe record their opposition signatures. Few educated readers are unacquainted with the name of the poet-painter, Dante Gabriel Rossetti. He was that rara avis, a modest genius, caring little or nothing for the world's applause, loving art for art's sake, and having wrought art his fancy by his brush, or with pen, was satisfied without caring to advertise the results to the public at large—a characteristic uncommon enough in this age of aggressive striving after riches and honor and fame, Great has been the cry lately against the widely-spread and ever-increasing use of opiates. Chloral, more seductive than opium, has carried in modern times thousands to untimely graves. To its deleterious in- fluence the convict, Dr. Lamson, on whose behalf the American President has interfered, owes, it is said, the peril of the hangman's rope, in which he now is. The wife of a for- mer physican of my own, subdued by the fate- ful drug, poisoned, or has supposed to poison a near relative, and on being committed for trial swallowed so deadly a poison, with which in case of such contingency she had prepared herself that in less than two hours she was dead, and buried at midnight without the rites of the church in a suicide's grave. The wife of one of the chief Minister's under the late Government was a sufferer from "insomania," to relieve which, or rather to procure sleep, this lady took frequent opiates, and after an over-dose was on one occasion found dead by her husband's side. One might go on indefinitely enumerating fatal endings to this dangerous indulgence of taking opiates. Both Rossetti and his wife were victims to it. Mrs. Rossetti lost an infant, and fell into a chronic state of ill- health, one form of which was neuralgia. To soothe the pain opium was in constant re- quisition, and under its influence the poet painter's wife at last succumbed; her hus- band after a lapse of time also. De Quincy in his "Confessions of an Opium-eater" has vividly shown the terrible thraldom in which the drug holds its victims, who are rarely or never emancipated from its power but by the hand of death. So bitterly did Mr. Rossetti feel the loss of his gifted wife, whose talents and powers of application made her a true helpmeet to him, that for a period he lapsed into total indifference, and ordered a work just ready for publication to be enclosed in his lost wife's coftin. Time calms and soothes the bitterest sorrows and lightens the heaviest blows; and so, after the lapse of many years, the widower sensibly asked permission to disentomb his manuscript, and the poems, which it takes some latent genius in the reader to appreciate and understand, were finally given to the world. Report says that one of the magnificent lions, from which Rosa Bonheur made her famous study of those animals, has just died. It was the property of the enterprising artist whose picture will, it is expected, be seen on the walls of the Academy this year: we shall shortly see. Not fewer than 9,000 pictures were sent to Burlington House for admis- sion, a number far too great to admit the possibility of careful critical investiga- tion, since it is calculated that as the sitting of the judges lasted only four days, each sitting being of eight hours duration, a minute only could be given to the examina- tion of five works of art. Anent the story of the Glamis Castle ghost referred to in my last letter, I hear another version of the whole, this being, it is said, the reliable one. The unhappy bête noir of the Strathmores was, it seems, not as related an elfish thing, but a monster half man, half beast, and, so the story goes, eight feet high. This fearful being was by right of birth the real earl. His prolonged existence of 92 years has weighted two generations with an awful secret, which was never in the possession of mere than three persons at a time—the possessor of the title and estates, his steward, and the heir on coming of age sharing the dreadful confidence. The present earl, it is said, was never the same after the family curse was revealed to him. Mrs. Langtry is attracting crowds to see her in "She Stoops to Conquer." For some uncon- fided reason this lady has refused a proffered engagement in Dublin. The question who is Mr. Langtry, and what is he, has arisen so often without eliciting any satisfactory answer as to that gentleman's position and occupation, that the world at large began to assume the husband of the beauty is as nothing but a convenient myth. Conjecture has now, however, been set at rest on the question of Mr. Langtry's corporeal existence, and means of sustaining it. He is an Irish- man, and at present the secretary to the Royal Thames Yacht Club, of which H.R.H. the Prince of Wales is commodore. 