THB old etory. that you most go from home to hear news is revived - in the Sydney press, as will be seen in ihe following extracts :— - • - The approaching return of the Hon. James Service to Victoria is an event which may be expected to have some influence upon the pnrrent. of politics . in that colony. Mr Service is a man of ability and of matured moderate liberal views. Lijce finr own .Premier, he was in his youihfid days a Chartist, and in the twilight of life has become recognised as a stern antagonist.of .all- rjwjlutionajy or violent: political .movements. .Xt. was .he who put the first check upon the mad career of the second Berry Ministry after the disgraceful episode of Black Wednesday, and bnt for his indiscretion in carrying on the business of the country, after he .and his colleagues had been re-elected without calling Parliament together, he might have been Premier at the present moment. Time was given to fan the embers of class hatred into a flaine, and his deleated enemy did not let Blip the opportunity. The aaestion of constitutional reform was then uppermost. Mr Service had formulated a measure, the vital principles ot wbich are embodied in the existing Acr, and it was received with such favour throughout the country that the adroit Mr Berry instantly dropped his aostrum of a nominee Upper Chamber and "went in" for extending the elective basis of the Council. To use Mr Service's poker metaphor, Mr Berry "went a shi ling better," and the -conseqaence was a complete defeat for the farmer. Philip was not completely sober jet. He wanted to dance another carmagnole on the ^ prostrate ' ody of " Oligarchy,"" and Mr Berry was accordingly restored. Mr Service then went .home to England in disgust, and he hsB remained there ever since. The colony has undergone & complete transformation since 187-8. Philip is not only-sober, but has taken the pledge, and quitted evil counsellors. The reform ghost has been laid, and the colony, .instead of having an empty excheqaer, clamorous unemployed, and the shadow of additional taxation overhanging, is in a state of- nnexampled prosperity, with a stringing surplus, more work than workmen, and so «lated in spirits that her interim Ministry have incontinently abolished the beer tar. Victoria is In: a condition to welcome'back Mr Service as a misued . valued . friend. . The : Constitutionalists, as they are termed, want a leader-; for Sir Bryan O'Logblen and his' scratch Cabinet.admittedly exist only on toleration The majority are waiting for a sage financier, a calm logician, who despises the tricks of .the-demagogue Bnd who does tool regard politics as a mere living. A 8Bat will doubtless be found for Mr Service; in Jati it. U understood that Mr John M'Intyre, who represent* Ms old constituency of Maldon. ', is only beeping the place mirrn or Mr Service.—From Sydney JEcho, Utk October, 1882. . An evening contemporary a day or two since favoured its readers jvith some curions comments \nppn Victoriaii poliiic», apropos ot the speedy return of Mr Service to the jrilony. ; Amongst other very ;oripinul tie-' -marks, the writer stated 'that -had it i. not been lor his indiscretion an -carrying on the business of the conntry after he and his colleagues had- been - re-elected, wjthonr calling : Parliament -together, .•"..Mr, Service "might have'been Premier nhe present moment." ': Onr VictbHan n%igKbpre""dp not read the colnmns of the satellite, so that they miss the; amusement of reading the travesties that -are ••- written abont them. They wonld be especially nckled at the idea that, fin fact, it ts understood that - Mr ^joWJM'Jntyjie, who .represents jits old "consritoeiity of Maldon. «s only- Jceeping the place'warm for Mr Service-' Ihe idea, ot John M'Intyre pJnying ttie"part 'o! vrertning-psn for Mr Service, or anybody, will mightily aminse those who know him 1 and know thediold he has upon Maiden by \ his attention to its lacal reqtrirementfl^®ud J the stimnlus he has given to the deve'op-. t ment of its mining resources. Mr Service * will have no difficulty in finding a -constituency ip Fic'oria willing to take him: as its member, but one of the least likely is Maldon. Mr M'Intyre is under no obligation "to "Mr Service Tor iii's" seat as member.for Maldon. Had it not been for his' own", determination jri declining tiiitand aside injfavour of a gentleman* with claims inferiorto/his own, Maldon: might -nowrbs represented by one of Mr Berry's followers. Mr Service .himself would nelrer dream of obtaining a seat by causing the "retirement of one of the staunchest members ot the Constitutional party,—Sydney Daily Telegraph, 18th October, 1882. The reply by the Sydney Telegraph is more likelv'to be true as a £torecast£(of political opinion. The electors of Maldon -have shown in the past that they have opinionsand courage to give effect to them by-their vote, and that trimmers or patrons must be care, ful to keep out of the way during^eiection contests. It will much interest pur readers to know that Maldon affaire receive, intel ligent notice at*a distance.^ .The. .remarks of nur contemporary which - imp'ies "John M'Intyre playing the part of warming pan for Mr jServicej" is most- undoubtedly original, and will indeed mightily amuse his constituents,it is a well known fact that from the first Mr M'Intyre distinctly repudiatedUhe warming pan business for any man under the snn. So far Mr. M'Intyre .has done his. duty to., this constituency, and we do jcot imagine that Mr Service will ever attempt to take the seat from him, and, if he did, the question of preference would soon be decided by the electors. 