More Anent The Assyrian Sur prise. Now that the "Nine Days Wonder" is over, and the real facts of The Assyrian's surprising victory in the Cup are better known and noderetood, perhaps the self- flattering and boasting few, wbo bod wagers to di aw over the result, will also " draw in their horns " and acknowledge that they owe their winnings to pood luck instead of good judgment. Without in any way wishing to lessen the racing pretensions of an exoellent horse — and one likely to do well, either at post or paddook, for his reoent Tasmanian buyer, Mr. Agnew— still, justice to myself compels me to support to-day the remarks so boldly made in last lasne as to the aforesaid " bappy-go-lacky " result. Surely the joint-owners of the boree knew best whether he was a good thing to back, or not ; and on the settling night at the betting rooms we had the open declaration of both Mr. Allison and Mr. Barmfield that they considered The Assyrian possessed not 11 a ghost of a show." Mr. Barmfield, who makes a book in South Australia, plainly asserted that he lost over £500 by the un expected win; whilst Mr. Allison, on tbe other hand, acknowledged to have laid off £1000 ont of tbe £4000 for which be had originally baoked the son of Countryman an d Tinfinder, and that he had tried his level best to get rid of the lot at 100 to 3 ! No body begrudes tbe winners their good fortune, bat to take credit for the selection is, as be fore observed, an insult to owners and trainers, for it amounts to Mousing them of hoodwinking the public. Nominations for the Xmas Handioap and Malvern Handioap, to be run at the Boxing Day Meeting of the Amateur Turf Club, were made on Handav, and duly appear in our to-day's issue. The number and quality of the horses engaged are quite equal to what might have been expected so soon after the V.R.G. carnival, and with so many impor tant raoes to sueoeed the Oaulfield gathering, there being 25 entered for the longer dis tance, and 27 for the shorter. As the weights are not to be deolared until the 18th Decem ber, farther ornaments are not required. A BYE- MSKTZNG at Kensington Pork is to be held on Proclamation Dsy, 23rd iost., and tbe programme put forth by Mr. Cox will be found io our advertising oolnmns. It oon- riste of Hurdle Raoe, Maiden Plate, Procla mation Handioap, Selling Raoe, GaUowav Handioap, and Steeplechase, entries for all which close next Monday, at 6 p.m., si the .Victoria Hotel, ai usual. The Trotting Club require nominations to bo made on Tuesday afternoon next, 2 1st iost., for tbe " mixed " programme whioh it has been widely decided shall take place at Etsternwiok on Saturday, 2nd December. Tho trotting events oonsiet of a Maiden Trot, two miles, single dash ; and a oOsovs. Purse, two miles, best two out of three, for horses of the 2miQ. 50sec. class. The Running Events, instituted fur the first time on the club's excellent track, are a three-quarter's mile Handioap for 60aovs.t smile Seiiiog Plate for 50-ovb., and a Handicap Hurdle Raoe, two miles and a distance, for 50sovs. Owners of horaeB, it is to be hoped, will come forward liberally in support of this Attempt to please all oomere. Tub Hobsrt turfites have fixed their anauai pleasant tryst at Elswiok for the 20tb, 22nd, and 23rd February, being tbe week subse quent to the Lauuceston meeting, and there fore alike well suited to viriting and to local homeowners. ThedeteofentryforthoCupand Steeplechase is 2nd Jauitary, bring tbe same as tbe Northern Clnb; but the declaration of weights ie to be on 16th January, being a fortnight earlier than the handicaps for the similar Luunceatun events are to appear. Full particulars of each are amongst our tabulated Racing Arrangements. Several additional race meetings will he found amoogst the coming events in our first column, the most important being that of the Tasmanian Racing Club, above alluded to, and the New Year's Day fixture of tho Adelaide Racing Club. Dates for Wyndbam, Yarra Flats, Wnrrnamboo), Wodonpa, Bel fast, Tcrang, and Hay should also be noted by those who have horses adapted for the country circuits at the coming holiday season. TnE Queensland Turf Club seem to liavo held a tolerably successful meeting lost week, and from the condensed accouut furnished us by our kind correspondent it seems thai three or four interesting itcuis arc deserving of special nolicc. For instance — Goldiinder, whose two-year-old performances al the Korlh were so successful lost season, showed his continued good quality by winning both the Lhroe-yoar-ald events, i.e., the Derby and the Marcs' Produce Stakes. Czar landed both the Visitors' Plato and the Brisbane Handicap on the first day, the latter being a dead heat between him aud Leo, so that he had to be " saddled up " three times. The next day he commenced equally well by gaining the Flying Handicap, but was beaten in a subsequent attempt by Eclipse, which could not he wondered at. This eaid Eclipse, aLo, was pulled ouL three times on the same afternoon, and won twice running, as will be seen by reference to the report. Legerdemain — bred by the late lamented Sir Joshua Bell, and who gave great promise at Randwick last year — carried off the Publicans' Purse on the first day so easily that she was served up warm for the principal handicap of the pro gramme, the Frince of Wales' Cup, but failed to get nearer than third. News of the principal events run at the Canterbury Jockey Club's race meeting, held last week, bos reached us by cablegram, and as each wae gained by a descendant of the famed (though, once despised) Traduoer, the memory of the white-faced ahetnut will be still further elevated on the turf calendar of New Zealand. A most noteworthy circum stance is that Cheviot, wbo woo the C.J. C. Derby, is full brother to Sir Modred, wbo won the valuable Canterbury Cop on the following day, both being by Traduoer, from Idalia ; And, as if to double tho interest at taching to tbiaffr uobile fratrum, they ran first and seoond in the wright-for-age con tent, whilst Vanguard — the third horse iu both C.J.C. Handicap and Cup— also claims Traduoer, as does the winner of the former, Welcome Jack. Bundoora, who finished second in the Handicap, was bred by our Mr. 8am Gardiner, as his name implies, and is by The Peer. Tax Goulburn (N.S.W.) dates are 13th and 14th December, and not tbe Gtbaod 7th, as previously announced. Nominations for the two principal handicaps closed yesterday, and the weights are to be declared next Tuesday, 21st iuet. Tire Adelaide Racing Club provide a capital bill of fare for Saturday week, the 25th inst., consisting of Hurdle Race for 75 sove. ; Handicap for Two-year-olds, 100 aovs. ; Selling Race, 60 eove. ; Steeplechase, 100 son. ; Mayor's Cup, 150 aovs. ; Selling Steeplechase. 75 aovs. ; and City CouscU Handioap, 100 sovs. This programme com prises no less than seven items of "all sorts," and should satisfy the greediest of sports. It will be remembered by oil my readers that at the Hamilton Meeting last year a match for half a mile, for £50 a-side, was run between Mr. J. Robertson's Poor Me and Mr. A Cbimside's Boatman, and that the former ran the distance in the quickest time ever recorded in Victoria, and winning, too, all the war. This match was the result of a challenge issued by Mr. Robertson to run anything in Australia, and Mr. Cbirntide took up tho gauntlet, selecting his own horse, Beatmau, in preference to scouring the 'colonv for so opponent to Mr. Robertson's representative. After this match a number of gentlemen determined on having a match between themselves over the same distance, and accordingly in the programme published elsewhere it will be seen tuat tho third race of the first day's sport is a half-mile championship, a sweepstakes of £50 each, £5 forfeit, subscribed by Messrs. J. Robertson, Skene ; Craig, Colac ; Skeen Bros., Arran- doovong ; D. M'Lrilan, Hamilton ; and Conley. This race should excite quite as much sensation in tbe Hamilton district as even tho Melbourne Cup, Champion, or any other big race which partakes of a Victorian character, and I shall expect to see a very large assembly present to witness it. In our advertising oolumns appears the fall programme of the "Western Raring Club's Annual Meeting to take plaoe at Hamilton on 13th and 14th proz. The events embrsoe a six furlong Maiden Plate, a Handioap Hurdle Raoe, of 40 sovs., 2 miles ; the Raring Club Handicap, of 60 sovs., a mile and a quarter ; a Selling Flat Raoe, and, to conclude the first day, a pony raoe will be run. The second day opens with the Trial Stakes, and this is followed by tbe Hotel- keepers' Handioap, whioh is sir furlongs only, so it should teorive a capital en taw ; another Handicap Hurdle race is provided. The Western District Cap is a handioap of a mile and s quarter, with £80 added money. A Selling Raoe and a Handioap Pony Race com plete the programme. Full particulars as to ffitdfl &o.;, will be found elsewhere. u History repeats itself" all the world over, and the latest instance we hare ii the parallel between The Assyrian and Dutch Oven, the winners of the Melbourne Cup and English Leger. In each instance the patrons of the stable won by the success of the horses simply because they had backed them some time ago, and were unable to hedge off, thus winning against their will. We know of one instance where an Adeloidtan, who had a lot of The Assyrian money, tried to get it off, by laying him with Navigator for the double, and indeed he offered one well-known turfite £500 to 50s. about the double, but it was not accepted. Such is luck, dear boys. At the eale of the Dangu thoroughbreds in Franoe, the well-known hone Rayon d'Or by Flageolet from Arencaria brought 6000 guineas. Rayon d'Or will be remembered as the grand chestnut that won the D oncaater Leger in 1879, after having been first to catch the judge's eye in the Clearwell Stakes. Rayon d'Or also won the Champion Stakes, always running in the well-known blue, red sleeves and cap of tho great Frenoh horse owner, Count F. da Lagrange. Tub Camperdown sportsmen have formed an Amateur Turf Club, and intend to have an afternoon's racing on Boxing Diy with the following list of event., viz. : — Mriden Plate, 15 sovs. ; Hurdle Race, 20 sovs. ; A.T.C. Plate, 26 sovs. ; Half-Mile Flutter, 10 sovs. ; District Plate, 12 sovs. ; a Trot ; and a Consolation Parse for a wind-up. The Lal Lal Falls races, which have afforded so much genuine sport and amuse ment on successive oocanons of the New Year's holiday, have again been arranged to come off on the popular 1st of January, and a programme decided upon. Tbe attendance last time from Ballarat, And the immediately surronnding district of Lal Lal, was enormous, and in all probability will be larger still at the coming meeting. An excellent yarn, albeit 'twas a bit of rather eharp practice, baa come to my know ledge about the reoent Maribyrsoog PJatc. A certain 8ydneyite — whose brother is one of the moat popular of pencillers — having acci dentally heard, some months before the v.JOiVJ. cpnng meeting, tuat me oituuuier of Maribyrnong end Atholioe was to be called Narina, oonceived and executed tbe following sharp sobeme. Hastily packing np a clean shirt and collar— being all the change be would require frr tbe short trip be meditated — he came to Melbourne by the overland train, and within eorae 30 hours placed him self, as tbe funny corner-men of niirger minstrelsy are eo fond uf saying, " accident ally on purpose" in bookmaking society. After feeling his way, bo casually introduced th- subject of the great two-year-old event at F/emiogton, and oarelesly o<ked tbe price of tbe Atholine filly, as aha was then called, the reply being " 1000to80." "Too short," quoth the N. S. Walur ; " what will you lay ine jWina ?" " Oh, you can have 1000 to 30 about her," quickly exclaimed one of the generally shrewdest of our bookmakers ; and " write it down " as quickly returned (he other. The next morning, spruce in his fresh linen, the visitor hied him back again ; and at the recent settling the cleverly won "thou" was duly handed over to tbe pre senter of a " Please pay bearer," &c.; Wallace Ross, (ho American "blower," as well as rower, according to recently rec- ived accounts, has been eo jolly well thrashed at tbe Saratoga Regatta by Lee and Courtnay that there is little likelihood of bin again bouncing Haalau of being afraid to meet him. Courtnay, it will ho recollected by those up in rowing matters, was considered a wonderful oarsman until tbo Canadian scul ler defeated liira so easily that our Yankee cousins declared that it must have been " a sell." Tub Cyclists' Union various matches on the "iron horse" passed off most success fully last Thursday, on the thoroughly suit able ground of the Melbourne Cricket Club, the attendance of friends and rtghtsewB being very large, despite the heat of the afternoon and the counter attractions else where. The handicaps, may be, were not exactly to tho form of some of tbe compati - tors, but the task of framing tbem must have been very difficult, and no eerious fault could be found. Tbo brothers' Stokes, of the Melbourne Bioyele Club, epeoiully dis tinguished themselves— as will be seen by reference to our report of the results— and so did Mr. H&zelton; of the same club. In the five-miles contest, Messrs. H. R. and F. Stokes were first and second with ooly a few inches between them. Tub Hon. Ivo Bligh and his well-chosan team of gentlemea and professional players have safely arrived, and the Sportsman, in common with all sportsmen, offers a hearty welcome to our English visitors; nor is thero any doubt but that tbey will maintain tbe fame of English cricket in Australia with the same skill and spirit as "our boys" kept up the colonial honours of the game at the antipodes. It is always gratifying to leain that " poor but honeBt" persons have been fortunate in any of the numerous sweeps got up on the Melbourne Cup, and tbe Camperdown Chronicle states that a gardener in the neigh bourhood of that township was the lucky holder of the winning horse in one of Miller's sweeps and is £900 richer in consequence. The drawer of Assyrian, in another of Boz's sweeps, wbo tried hard to sell his ticket at the late Camperdown Show, accord ing to the some local journal, and conse quently on the ill success of his attempt, has sinoe had a profitable trip to Melbourne. Az tho Sydney Regatta, on Prince of Wales' Birthday, Layeock managed to secure a win, in the All -Comers Sculling Race, having seemingly rowed in something tike his proper form. Tbe luokleBS Triokett finished second (having been fouled an usual), and the English oarsman, Perkins, a p>or third. Largan, the other English soulliet now in New South Wales, seems to be " in the shade," his conduct before leaving London, in regard to certain stake-money, having been such as to spoil his colonial prospects. That immense strides have been made of late years in journalism is an acknowledged faot, bat, perhaps, one of the greatest ' signs of the times" is an announcement in the London Sportsman. The spirited proprietors of this paper, having in view the special interest which will be felt in England over the deeds of the Hoo. Ivo Bligh'a team of crioketere, have sent out a special reporter with the team, and it will be his doty to for ward by cablegram to the Sportsman the resaits of all matohes, and detailed descrip tion of the play, and also the full ecotos and analyses are to follow by each mail. Such enterprise as this is well deserving of acknow ledging, not only per se, but also because it, in a measure, shows that atrip to the oolonies is not now the aame extraordinary affair for orioketers as it was when Stephenson's team left England's shores for Australia, and ala>> that we are now worth sending out a special correspondent to chronicle our doings in the old oountry. Touching the late Melbourne Cap, there is no doubt that Mr. do Mestre thought his colt Sylvanus hod mora than an average look-in, as the large sum of monev (some £20,000 or so) for which he was baoked one evening— ana not so very long before the event— by a certain medico, was a pari mutuel on the part of the sporting doctor and , the Shoalhaven aqoire. Soke surprise having been affected in certain white-chokerite quarters that Stock- well— who ran eo good a eeoond in the late Cup— should be the property ot s gentleman who has worn the gown of a Church of England clergyman, it may be as well to call to mind that tbe justly popular Mr. Thomas Riebey, of Launoeston, Is by no means the first 'parson" who has taken a Prominent and anooessfnl position on the turf. 'he owner of tbe famous more Apology, who won at home in 1874 the treble of One Thousand Guineas, Oaks, and Leger, was the Rev. Mr. King, who raoed under the name of " Launde, and the memory of himf and hie speedy filly will ever be held iu h«gh honour. Those, also, who reoolleob that moat genial and genuine of South Australian sportsman in the olden days, Mr. Vansittart, well know that he wore the surplice in the old ooontry previous to don ning the "purple and orange cap" aoross country in the sister colony. Messes. Noekan and Ahthub Wilson, in sportsmanlike emulation of Mr. Arthur Blackwood's liberal gift of a two hundred gtiioeax trophy to tbo reoent Oaulfield Cup, have biodly informed the committee of the Amateur Turf Club that tbey were wilting to donate another piece of goldsmith's handi work, of similar value, to next year's event. Such practical proofs of encouragement to the turf show that we have in our midst those who appreciate the fact of wealth having its public privileges as well aa private pleasures. The Flominoton training ground in now nearly deserted hy the many equine visitors from the neighbouring colonies, tbe repre sentatives left being Mr. W. E. Dakio's team of Sonth Australians, Mr. Forester's beautiful Gipby Cooper (engaged at Wagga), the Tseiuanian Hobsrt and Queen, and two or three others who have changed ownership, such as tbe noble Froinotlicue. Mr. De Mestre1 s long etrinir have returned to their private quarters at Witiiamstown, aud will remain in Victoria over tbe Champion Muetiog, if not longer. On tbe second day of ttioParramatt& Races (lost Saturday) it is to be noted that Eva won the Borough Handioap, aud that Soldier Boy pulled off tbe double of Two and Thrue-ycar- old Handicap and Summer Cup. Eva ie engaged iu tho Wagga Cup at a very favourable weight. The disappointment iu Mistaken1 running for the Melbourne Cup— so grievously ex perienced by the St. Albaua' stable and its friends — has bees fully amounted for since tbo astoundiug result of the great haudic-tp un that miserably wet afternoon. Thine who took tbe trouble to read the careful report of the ruuiug published in the Sport-nan, und my private remarks bh well, may recol lect that attention was drawn to the fact of the colt boldly assuming third potation be tween the abattoirs aud the acrapiog shed-, but suddenly retiring Again into the ruck. At this particular spot tho course ia rather bare of grass, and my expressed opinion at the time was to tbe effect that he slipped no ba-JJr on the top soil, rendered greasy by the sudden rain, as to be unable to recover his errido. This impression has beeu fully borne out by practic-tl proof, for, on the following day Mistaken was so sore from a strain all over as to be scarce able to move in his box, and it was over a week before he could be removed to bis Geelong quarters. Probably hi leg either spread out from the slippery surface giving way— and tbu-4 over-stretched overy tendon'— or «-lse his loins were strained from missing hold of (he ground. That the shrewd roa«ter of St. Albans had a real good thing in the son uf Dautc hisjbackere may be, well assured ; but the fates were unpropitioua ; and " it waa'nt to be." — . Chrysalis, the steeplechase mare, has ob tained a sew owner iu Mr. J. Pile, of South Australia, and has left for her fresh home in charge of Jordan. It was not Mr. Pile who purchased her out of Left Bower's way the night before the Y.R.C. Steeplechase, there, having been an intermediate trans action ; and much dissatisfaction has been expressed by those wbo had backed Jj=t for that event in the very natural expectation of getting a run for their tnony. She was not only fit for the fray, but Batty was specially retained to ride her, and none were m ire surprised at her sudden scratching in tho paddock than Mr. Webb, io whose name she had so often run, and Dicky Rowe her trainer. All who take au interest In racing in the old country will remember the deeds lai-t year of Walton, who is well known as the "American plunger." He plunged to such an extent that- he gave several member of tbe riug regular facers, his system beiug to lay the jockey of the horse that happened to be running for bim a long shot to nothing. This was successful, bat by recent files of home papers we see that ho was a bit out in his reckoning on the Leger, aa ho laid thousands in odds of three to two on Geheimnics, wbo could only get a moderate second to Lord Falmouth's outsider. Australia will soon have an interesting memento of one of England's great elastic raoes, as Fred Archer has presented tbo saddle on whioh he rode Dutch Oven for the St. Leger, and also the whip he used, to Mr. Arthur Cooper, &od; these souvenirs are to be sent to Australia. Dutch Oven, during her racing career, has won for her noble owner, Lord Falmouth, tbe sum of £14,114 in stake, inoludiug the St. Leger, valued at £4500. It was supposed that Archer would ride Siot- 1 over, the victrix of tbe Derby, but a sup porter of Dutch Oven laid the well-known jock a thousand to nothing if he would ride Lord Falmouth's filly, as well as a monkey in cose of a plaoe being secured. Nothing can show tbe high value ia whioh Archer's mount is held ia Eaglaud more than this interesting topic. Tub fortunate Mr. James Allison — who landed a few thousands on the Gap solely because he conld not succeed io laying them off— very naturally stood " fir" galore on nettling night at the Victorian Rooms ; but, if I may be excused the far-fetched but nathelesa fitting witticism, would it not nave been more appropriate to toast tbe Assyrian in " heavy wet " f Foals intended to take part in the Boc- cocio Produce Purse, given by Mr. J. A. Roberts— and to be trotted for at two-years- old next season— must be named and described to-day at the office of the V.T.C. secretary, Mr. Gibsey, Kirk's Bazaar. Baoot was entered in the Tan Yean Stakes (which he won) as a black colt, and appeared aa such on the raoe card, and also in the report of the running published by all our contemporaries. I may, however, take the credit of having carefully seen that he was desorihed the right colour — bay — iu the Sfobi&can;'b acoouot. It seams that the error arose from the nomination being an afterthought, and the party asked to make one the entrance is. in reality, most blame- able for a mistake which resulted in a protest on the part of the eeoond horse, Colewort. This was subsequently, and very I properly, dismissed ; but a Berious risk of its being otherwise existed. PflOiCETHETjs and Stockwell hare each changed hands, and their new owners have 1 every reason to be both prond aud pleased at Hie addition to their respective teams of such high-class animals. Mr. Whittingham, ever an admirer of a superior horse, got the for mer, a truly cheap bargain, at 1000 guineas ; and I be much mistaken if he do not speedily reooup the outlay ; for bis perform- ances as a two-year-old in Adelaide, and his gallop on the Flemington Training Ground, have plainly shown that the half-brother to Darebin is "Al at Lloyds." Only the oold caught by the colt through the change able weather prevented his leaving bis mark at the late Spring Heating, and, if he be not hurried into oondiuon, Prometheus will yet earn the fame of being one of tbe beet horses of his day. Stockwell, also, baa gone into the possession of an out-aud-out sports man, with an almost fathomless purse, and I heartily hope that Mr. William Bailey will now have a return of his former good fortune on tbe turf, Lothair having broken the long frozen ioe. The chestnut's running for the Hobart and Launoeston Cup, and the bold part he played in our own reoent great raoe, plainly tell of a future career. Pell Hell baa gone into Tom Brown's care, a wealthy Sydneyite having given a " thou" for him. Tns players of such "rosy little vamee" as Montd, and other equally certain methods of extracting coin from the pockets of green horns, will in fatnra be prevented from practising their clever manipulations at Randwick without fear of consequences, as hitherto, aa the Supreme Court of Flew South Wales decided last week that tbe racecourse U a public place within the meaning of the sot. We regret to record the death of the well-known cross- country jook, Mark Adder- fey, which took place yesterday afternoon at his residenoe at Carlton. The deceased has steered many winners past the post, and large sums have been won on his victories, and therefore it is with cnnfidetice that we appeal to sportsmen to contribute something towards the support of his wife and three vouog children, whom the dec used has left iebind him uuprovided for. Wo need not say that we aholl be happy to receive any contributions in aid of this charitable pur pose, and shall have much pleasure in hand ing the amount to Mrs. Adderiey. Paballels regarding (be performances of the two winners of the great races heH on both sides of the line in the latter half of the year seem to abound, but still one more may be mentioned as being of interest. It will not readily be forgotten how wonderful a number 22 proved last year in this colony, and now the number 30 cms to be the lucky one, as that was the nutnbnr of Dutch- oven on the card of the St. Leger, and also of The Assyrian in the late Melbourne Cup. Tite London Sportsman, in speaking of a new burlesque drama entitled " Little Robin Hood/' uftcr mentioning (hose who took parts, proceeds to par : — " The rest of the Cast, were, in the main, capitally suited to their several role-; the pif-ee bristles with the usual quips aud crauks, end has been eo closely written up ' to time that a very happy St. Leger line in the first act curried the house wit h it. Thi- was the taunt hurled by Robin Hood at King John, intimating that when 4 Mat Archer was up and doing, the king had better take care. Some valorous individual at onre offered 40 to 1 ' about the erenfc coming off, and a heavy roar of laughter inarkei the sally." The Victorian Trotting Club announce this week a programme of more than average attraction for their meeting on 2nd Decem ber, as independent of tbo trotting events it embraces this time three running races. The Brighton Purse is ft six furlong race for two- year-olds ; the Elsternwiuk Plate is a mile selling race ; and then coines the St. Kilda Handicap Hurdle Race of two miles and a distance. The Maiden Trot is two miles straight out, but the trot for tho 2.50 class is two miles and repeat. This programme is a very great improvement of the past, and I feci sure that tho management will not regret having departed from their usual trotting in toto, as the colonial mind has not yet learnt to take the same interest in these events as is the cose with our Yankee cousins. The date of general entry for all l-hese erents is the 21st inst., when, I trust, Mr. Gibney will find bis hands full of business. It will bo noticed by reference to our Sydney corrcsp jndent'H telegram of yester day afternoon that Rriubow has beeu baoked (or the Wagga Cup at 100 to 12 to win a good stake The eon of Littery and Moon shine has but the moderate impost of 7et. 4lb. to carry, or only 5lb. more than he carried in the Adelaide Cap, for which he was heavily backed, bat unfortunately ran against a post. Wb are in receipt of the Observer Turf Guide for South Australia, which contains a full report of the pact season's races in that colony, the rules of raring, scales of weight- for-age, sales of blood stock, etc., etc. This volume is an exceedingly bandy one, and will be found a ready refereoce to any one desirous of gaining a knowledge of the past season's racing in South Australia. One noticeable feature in the book is that it gives the dividend on the winner of each race as obtained from the investment of £1 in the totalisator, and as the odds offered by the bookB are also given, the advantage to be gained either way is immediately apparent. It may sot be generally known that on 1st October last year The Assyrian ran a two mile match at the Adelaide Hunt Club Meeting against Totalisator. The Assyrian carried 7«t. 5lb., and won from start to fibish with his mouth open in 3min. 43sec. It is probable that if this mt<.h had been re membered tbe Melbourne Cup winner would not have been so frieudless for this eveot, considering tbat he only carried Bib. more weight and had another year's stamina to carry it. Tee police prosecution against 1 Spero" for conducting his totalisator boa again been postponed, this time for a fortnight, in order to suit the counsel engaged in the case, and therefore it will not come on for hearing until Monday week next. Considering the case is still sub judiee, we of course refrain from commenting on it in any way, bnt we should certaiuly like to know what are the feelings of those who backed The Assyrian in Spt-ro's totalisator, & they will be unable to obtain their dividends until a settlement ie come to ooe way or the other. 