Ibouseholb. ; . ON SLEEP AND NEEVOUS 'UNEEST. ... . Bi A PisiiLX Dooion. 'X'liEiui iB, in , this busy! continent wliioh tho Briton calls his homo, a very largo proportion . ol human brings— many of thorn well enough ofl, pecuniarily speaking— to whom tho world v-ls all a' worry; ' and lifb h long-'continue'il fbvor. < Pcoplo of this class arc. not invalids in tho . , strict , meaning ; of tho to mi although , they oftentimes suffer far moro than.tho generality ofhivalids. Pleasiiros they novor know; hard . work is a weariness ; and yet they are unable to enjoy their leisuro when they obtain it. Thoir ' symptoms, mental ancV bodily, taken collectively, constitute a' dlseaso wnioh,. for want of a.bottor, I dasignato by tho . namo .of: nerifoiis unrest. ' A person so Bufloribg does not consider himsolf ill, nor is ho looked upon as a snbjeot for; oondoleneo by thoso with whom ho comes 1 into daily contact. How could, ho bo.? . Ho does not look a bit lika tbo ghost of Banqud at the feast; when you. meot him in the street tho smilo rises readily enough to his lipB, and merriment oven may sparklo in his oye. If . yousearohlor anything lugubrious, you will scaroli in vain. Ho is a ready talkor, a ready listoncr, and, in business, a porfeot ready reckoner. If you ask hiB opinion about any question of moment, you havo not to watt long, for yohr reply, Ho will bo down at tho bottom of tho pago, down at tho Q. E. D., in less timo than it would- havo taken most men to arrango thoir premiso. His frionda 'say. of such a man, "Poor so-and-so I ho novor was yory . robust in health, but how -.wonderfully lively ho -is I" whilo his ononiios— if ho has any — put him down as bird-wittcd, and pro- . phesy Ills' sudden oxtinotion soma day liko tho snuff of a candlo. - . Very kind of boUt frionds and foes, I must say, but, as a rulo, both aro in somo degroo mistaken, - l-'or, in all likelihood, hardlyliits ho shaken hdn&ti; with yon, with' a hurried att rcvolr, until ha heaves a sigh; and if yon could sco your friend somothncs, when ho is all alono, you would not think there was much'morrimoht about him ; gonuino, mind you, though his manner may havo bcoa whon you met mm in tho street. In his moments of loneliness, wcra ho " to ask hbnsplf the quostion, " Am I happy ?" tho answer would bo, " No ; I novor know what it means to bo happy." Porhaps, - though— and this is a proof of tha truth of Popo alines ; Hopo eprbiffs otcrnnl in tho liuman breast ; . Man novor f.,' but always to bo, Most" — I10 promises himsolf happiness somo day, ovon in this world, when ho shall liavo dono this, or accomplished I that, or succeeded to that otkbr, forgetting that truo happiness lies only in contontmont with pno's prosont con- dition and legitimate lot in life. - . . But whilo Jus fnonds may bo right enough in saying that our patient— for so I must call him— was riavor.vory robust,' providod.that ho po9.--e.-iMS blood free from any hereditary taint, and a heart not over-dilated, thero -is good ohanco of his giving liis foes tho lie, and not going out liko tho snuff o£ a candlo. Pooplo suffering from this fovor of life, this nervous unrest, seldom look strong; they do not carry abundance of muscle, and tliercfora aro unfit for any long-oontinuod bodily strain; but, nevertheless, tbo strength of .thrirmnsolo, compared to its size, seems often out of all proportion, and this onablcB thorn to do in ono hour that which it would tako a heavily- built man thrco to perform. Do not marvel at this, pray, nor. doubt tho truth of what' I am tolling you. Nervous foroo is a woddorfnl thing. I havo seen' a boy of soventccn in a fit of excitement and passion, whom it ro- 3uircd tho united Btrongth of four men to hold own. Nor do men who suffer from tho com plaint wo aro cbnsidcring'bend vory casQy. be fore tho Stomas of life, blow thoy over- so. wildly ; littlo things 'annoy thorn more, ond sorrow itself, wliioh seiuns at first ready to crush them, is, of ier a .time, cast arido : by tho very rosilionoy of thcir nervous systems, And so, too; thoy -may for a - timo sucoumb, and that readily enough, to tho- littlo ailmonts of life, to trifling colas, or rheums, or aches, but these soldom lead to, anything very serious; thoy pass speedily away, and tho sama causes which may producd deadly inflammations in tho. heavy-bodied and plethoric, will, ten to one', bo productive in tho nervous of only somo trifling inconvenience. - Tho reader will observe that. I am talking- .about tbo ouffcrer from norvous unrest, as MAtvmeopld call, a somewhat sparo man. uMUb £0 vis;, a person of tho truo afratUiVcifipgramci)B;-ifl»nevcr obese. Bat, suffer froiirt<riUlitniii»kifromTrMWBI» ncss; and such heart, which is generally flacei84iH|H always easily agitated Your truotiefflm man is a brave man: Ho jnay march into' a battle, up to tho cannofl-s month oven, with a feeling of dread, somothing tolling him ho will novor return ; but ho goes thero all tbo same, and once face to face with something to fight, bo it firo or sword or stormy ware, fear is all, all forgotten in tho oxcitomcnt' of conquering or being conquered. Thoy aro heroes them Yes; undoubtedly tha hour of reaction comes Booncr or later, and they aro low and miserable enqngh when it docs ; bat, nftcr all, to pcoplo of tlio nervous tempera ment must be granted tlio credit of being tho salt of tlio earth, and I really do not sea how this world could wag along without them. -But, inasmuch as pcoplo who suffer from nervous unrest, aro possessors of a sorrow, nono tho less acute, becauso it is borne silently, and uncomplainingly— inasmuch as ncrrous nnrcst is a wearying, heart-breaking burden in itself, that, if not cased and lightened, in creases with years, bears down tha frumo, and oven enshrouds with n gloom that can not bo penetrated, tha latter cud of many n long and useful life— therefore, I do not think I am wrong in considering it a disease, and trying to prcscribo means for its alloviation. Well then, in tho first place, the saifcrcr from nervous unrest, often longs for tho quiet of retirement. If free, hoi thinks, from tho world's bustlo and cars, lis would bo all right. Ho longs for tho wings of tho morning, in ordor to fly away, afld bo at rest/ This is a mistake. To bo always basking in tho sun- shinoof excitement, always in tlio midst of tho bnttlo of lifo, or always engaged in tho excit ing gamblo of business, is killing, bat a cer tain amount of exoitemont is necessary to tho very cxistonco of a person of tho nervous tem perament. .Without it, ho wonld droop and dio, liko a tender plant placed in a semi- darkened .room,' into', wluok . tho - sun novcr shines, nor tho fresh air finds access. By judicious - management of tho digestive organs you supply tho nerves with tho elements of nutrition. The great object of tho nervous should bo, as far as thq body is concerned, to establish and keep up a correct balanoo.bbtwcch. tho blood and the nervous system. Sufferers from nervous unrest think and live faster than do othors,- and tliere is a greater waste of tissuo, causing a drain on the system, which must bo mot by a duo supply of healthy nutriment. It ia when tho domand is greater than this sup ply, that hours of depression onsuo, hours of unhappiness and misery by day, and sleep lessness or broken rest at night. Begalation and dno selection of diet aro theroforo im perative, if a certain degree of happiness and comfort in living is to bo obtained; :. Tho state of the stomach and digestivo' organs, mast bo bdrofnlly studied ; whatever is knbwnto dis agree must be avoided. , Tile food should bo takbn as regularly as possible, day altbr day at tbo saina hour, and not in too largo quan tities. Aheartymeal,to the nervous, produces a certain degree of cxcitomcnt, which is as suredly followed by slight dyspepsia, tlio only BymptomB of which' may . be peovishncss and irritability. Thefoodshauldnatba sloppy, and too much liquid should bo avoided. No work should bo dono for half an hour after eating. Breakfast should be' early, , dinner in tbo middle ol tho day, and supper, three hours at least before going to bed, But a lunch or milk biscuit -may:, be eaten a short timo before re tiring.' Porfeot sleop will not ho obtained if the stomach l-o entirely empty; indeed; going to bed with an ompty stomach is generally foUowed by getting up.next morning with that organ partially, disturbed by gas, nauseating jiiioos, and bilo, itself, Tho food .should bo nourishing, but', at the samo time, substantial.: Tho stomach is composed of muscular tissuo, and deteriorates it not. exercised:,. a truth whibh few aro aware of, . but . whioh ' faots prove. But yon must do moro : tho blood must bo as pure . as possible g jit must be decarbonised by plenty of fresh air ; wliilo tho heart, tlio great centra 'propeller,, must bo invigorated and kept up to tho mark by a duo proportion of cxbrbiso. This must on no account bo coiTiod to tho vergo of fatigub. ' Food, fresh air, and oxercise aot then on tho nervous system through tho blood, but tbo norvbs dro directly braced and tonod by means of tho cold or topid Bponge-bath, with occa sionally a warm vapour or hot-'nir bath. Oliango of scene and cliango of ollmato orb nearly always benofloial to tho sufferers from nervous unrest; Most eases aro bonelitod by seasidb or mountain air, but to sonic, life in tbo country parts where, trees wovo and Holds aro green, is more soothing than cal matives But- relaxing climates on tho 'one hand, and exciting on the othor, are as a rulo to bo nvoided. Wlion I Bpeak of climates, I must be understood to mean those of our awn country ; but n sea-voyngo doosmuoh good. Is thero no relief to bo had from mcdi- cinoB ? Sometimes thero is, but it is not well-sustained. Flying - for holp to tho Phnrmncopaiin is not a babit to bo recom mended, and I would . advise tho. norvous patient , to tako no modieino without first consulting a physician— cod-liver oil probably excepted; but tluBismbre a food than a physio, and docs much'good as a calmative in eases where it is riiadily digested. - .' . I havo, last of all, to say a word or two about sleep—" tired Naturo'a sweet restorer." Tho italics aro mine, not tho poet's. I wish there by to draw tho reador's attention to tlio faot, that, unless a duo proportion of 'muscular oxcrelso bo taken during tbo day, tlio sleop by night will not bo refreshing. Exorcise is the first preparation for sleep, and after supper, whioh; I havo already saul,, should be early, tho mind must not bo allowed to dwell upon any thoughts that exoito or annoy. It is a good plan to read' for somo timo beforo going to bed, and ono pipo of good tobacco may. bo allowed. Do not road in bod, but road in' your bedroom : perhaps lying on tho sofa, in com- fortablo dnhaliUe, and ready, whenovor tlio inclination to . sleep steals over you, to get gontly and softly botween tho -sheets. Tho room Should bo quiet and dark, with -tlio window-curtains drawn to .oxoludo tlio too obtrusive morning light, Tlio tomporaturo of tho room should, if posBiblo, bo sustained at about 65 deg. or 00 deg. Bank tho tiro, elso it will go out, nnd the temperature will fall, to your detriment, Tho1 bed itself- should bo: madorafoly hard, but very smooth and ovon, the bedclothes light and warm, and tno pillows soft and rather high. The room should bo judiolously ventilated, and tho ourtains should hot go right round tlio bed. I nefcd soarooly add' that narcotics or sleeping draughts are most injurious, whothor in the snapo of opiates or that slow but certain poison called chloral hydrate. : : In conelusion,if ho values his lifonnd com fort, the sufferer from norvous' unrest must do bis best to ayoid over-oxcitcmont of all kinds, both bodily and mental, and endeavour to maintiiin taovuim eam incoiyore earn, Whioh, for onco'in a way,'-I must transbta as a puro mind in a puro body. . 