LAUNOCST, IN EXAMINE.R. [PUBLISHED DAILY.J THURSDAY, JANU, A RY 26. 1882. As already announced, the P. and O. Company's steamer Mirzapore on arrival at Albany was quarantined, two cases of small-pox having broken out on board. Such was the news wired to us from the enaling port of. Western Australia during last week. The passengers for South Australia have been placed in quarantine on Torrens Island, and the Melbourne lasssengers are not to be allowed to land on arrival in Hobson's Bay, but will be kept on board till the Garonno's passen gers are released from quarantine, when they will take their place. The Flinders, however, will arrive with the Mirzapore's mails to-day, and we presume they will be carefully fumligated before being distributed. The • dreaded disease has now, therefore, spared up to the present time but two of the Australian colonies, Tasmania and Queensland. It may be of interest to trace the spread of variola in the colonies. It first broke out in Sydney in the person of a Chinese in fant, living with its parents in Lower George- street, a locality thickly inhabited byChinanm on; hence the inference that it had beeon imported into New South Wales by soule steamer trading between Hong. kong and tie colony, and bringing periodically somo scores of Chinese im migrants to Sydney. Our readers are doubtless thoroughly acquainted with tile history ofthl ravages of the epidemic, the measures resorted to for its suppression, the bungling of officials, and the extraor dinary statements that were made regard ing the treatment of patients in thle quarantine ground at the North Head. At present the fact remains that the dis case is by no means stamped out, although it is some eight months since it first made its appearance. The theory, however, that its introduction into these colonies was entirely owing to Chi neso immigrants who brought the disease with them frosn their own country, must be considered disproved by the fact that it has'been imported into New Zealand fronm San Francisco, sand into West and South Australia andi Victoria by the Orient and P. and O. steamers coming front London. A casual glance over the ]oomsi telegrams of the last few months will sallow that small-pox has been rife in England and Scotland, notably in the large cities of Liverpool and Glasgow. The continent of Europe has beenby no mteans free from the disease, so that is matters stand now,1 the colonies are liable to have it imported from the west as well as from the east. Tasmania has up to tihe present escaped the infection, but how long she is likely to be entirely -free from it will deo pend on the ebforts made by the proper tiuthorities to keep her so. The regulations (1) and orders in force just now in regard to this matter are superficial to" a degree, and' for any real value or utility to effecttheir object are a dead let ter. Anyone of thie intercolonial steamers trading to Launceston or Hobart may im port a case at any trip they make. As an instance of theqprecautions (1) observed we will relate what cane under notice a few days ago. On the departure of a steamer from Sydney to Hobart, the pas sengers woro called aft to be inspected (!) by the doctor. This is the manner it which tihe inspection was gone tlrough : The doctor stood by tthe gaingway, the passengers marchling past hlim in single file, he (the doctor) just glancing at each one as lie passed. This imposing core mony lasted barely thirty seconds, and at its conclusion tihe slip was presented with a clean bill of health. On arrival of the steamer at Hobart the same ceremony was gone throughl, with this exception, that the doctor actually felt the pulse of each of the passengers, who were then allowed to land ! Now, f thile efforts of the authorities to prevent nsmll-pox entering this colony are confined to enacting such a farce sla this, it will be simply. -wing to sheer good fortune, if we' escape the in fection. It is notified in Sydney to all intendinhg passengers to New Zealand that they will have to undergo successful vacaination before they are allowed to embark for that colony. This seosems a movo in the right direction, and one that might be imitated by the authorities here with advantsge. It will no doubt be irksome to the indi vidual, but in the end it must prove to the advantage of the community. Cargo knowntohave arrived in infected steamers should be allowed to be landed only under certain conditions being previously com plied with. Bult while dealing with the subject of the disease being introduced from without, tise state of our .streets and houses should by no means be neglected. Our drains, refuse matter, etc., should be properly looked'after by persons having authority to deal with the subject. If we should unhappily be visited by the dis ease, there is nothing that will help it to spread quicker than dirt. Prevention is better than cure, and by paying attention to the subject at once, we may be saved much trouble and regret in tle future. TuE chief duty of tils Board of Management of the Hobart Gonoral Hoas pidi appears to hasvo bon for somentime past to make excuses aid apologies for the laches of its officors, and it is satisfac tory to be able to contrast this with the well-regulated machinery of our local in stitution. If Sir Henry Lefroy could view tihe Launceston Hospital now he would be apt to erase that memorable entry of hIls which he made upon ths oc casion of his first visit, and yet there is room for improvement. We do not Sallade to the care bestowed by tlhe mcdi cal or nursing staffs, or the comnforts pro vided for the patients, but would rather point out what appears to be a desirable acquisition. Our readers are aware that in England the system of cottage Ihos pitals has of late years become extremely popular, and here it wosld meeot the requirements of one class of pa tents extremely well. Wealludeto"' paying patients" who go to tse Hlospital in order to secure that attendance which cannot be procured either at their hotels or their lodgings, but who desire, when convales cent, the comforts of a home, such ais comfortable sitting-room, private bed room, etc. They care not to be clad in the uniform bluhe or to repose or seek re pose at night in a crowded ward, to have no place of refuge when hosts of visitors and well-intentionod ghristian workers visit the institution ; but rather quietude and congenial associations. There is ample room in the grounds of the L un ceston Hospital to erect such a cotta-o which we feel assured would prove a source of remuneration. The picture of a hospital -painted by Dickens in his "Sketches by Boo," would not by any means apply to the Launceston institu tion; " the ward with bare whitewashed walls" will rot hb found there, but the requirement we have alluded to exists, and we commend it to the consideration of the committee. AN interesting ceremony took place at Sydney a few days ago when Rear- Admiral Wilson, A.D.C., handed over to Sir John Robertson, H.M.S. Wolverine, which has been presented as a free gift to the colony of New South Wales by the imperial Government. The present of the vessel, which will now fly the colonial flag instead of the broad.pennant of the Commodore, is a handsome one, and cannot fail to be of great practical value to the recipients, who will now be able to more thoroughly instruct the local Naval Brigade. The ready manner in which the request of the Premier of New South Wales was met leads to the belief that other colonies would be equally well treated, and that Tasmania- also a naval station-would not be refused a simi- lar boon. The advantages which the colony would derive from the posses- sion of such a ship are greater than would at first appear, and though it would doubtless benefit the residents at the capital more than those of Launceston, it is our duty to sink any such minor con- siderations and advocate that which would prove a boon to the whole colony. We have given up all hopes of the inauguration of any institution for the reception of homeless and criminal lads, who under present circumstances must become a burden upon posterity ; but the possession of a large war ship would take away one of the flimsy excuses of which successive Governments have availed themselves. The boys would not neces- sarily be obliged to select a sea-faring life, for various trades could be taught on board just as they are on the great train ing ships in England. The matter is worthy of the attention of Ministers, par ticularly when we remember that H.M.S. Emerald has been ordered home. Could such a vessel be procured, the waifs and strays of the streets would be entirely re- moved from many contaminating in fluences; a Naval Brigade would rapidly be formed, and would soon acquire pro- ficiency ; and one of the finest harbours in the world would be still further adorned. Should this colony be fortunate enough to obtain such a gift the only fear is that the hat would be sent round amongst our neighbours for help in maintaining it, and than would be un pleasant ! TInE YENERABLE .AnRcIDEACON HALEs. -Thlisgentleman, who for some nmontlhs past lhas not been enjoying very good health, will leave Tasmania for Now Zealand by the Union Company's steam ship To.Anu On 2nd February. Arch deacon Hales has obtained three months' 'leave of abspndo, and the duties of Trinity Church "during his sojourn in New Zealand will be carried ont by the Rev. W. Hogg. CoURTS or ReVIsIoN.-A Court of Re vision to revise the electoral roll of the district of Selby and North Esk will be held at the Recorder's Chambers this smorning,'for Selby at 10 a.m., and North Esk at l a.m. A Revision Court will be hold at the Town Hall, Hobart, to revise the electoral roll of the district of Hobart, and the Wellingtoin roll will be revised at the Polico-offico,. Stanley, at 11 a m to day. LooFORDn HORTICULTURAL SOCIETY. A meeting of persons interested in the re establismont .of the Longford Horticul tural Society ivillbo hold at tihe Asseinbly Rooms, in thlat township, to-day; cont menciieg at 7"30 p.m. RAEo MsBETINo.-A- mooting will be ]held ht the British Hotel, Bishopsbourno, to- day, commenoingat 8 p.m., to arrange for the annual race meeting. 4 TiNIeTY CUoUse.--The annmual meet ing of the con-regation of the Church of the Holy Trunity, for the election of churchwardens for the year 1882, and for the transaction of other necessary busi ness, will be hold in tile vestry at eight o'clock this evening. A proposal for re soating the church will also be submitted to those present. McELBOURNE ExmaIrrTON AWARnDs.--Ex hibitors to whom certificates have boon awarded can obtain the same upon alpelicaition to C. W. Rocler, Esq., Town Clerk. MALICIOUS DESTRUCTION OF PRO PERTY.-A case of Wanton and malicious destruction of property was hoard at Franklin Police Court, lHuon, before E. A. Walpole, Esq., P.M., on Tuesday. Percy Dean, a lad 16 years of ago, was charged- with wantonly barking apple trees, the property of Johq Smith, and was fully committed ; after which Arthur Sherwin was charged with aiding and abetting the prisoner in tihe .offence. From the evidence published in the Miercury it appears that Smith and Sherwin are noeighbours, residing at the Upper Huon, and that for some time past a very bitter feeling has existed betwoeri them. Percy Dean, who is Sherwin's nephew,-and resides with hint, admitted that at Shlerwin's instigation hle Ihad gone to Smith's premises three nights. On the first occasion he poisoned Smith's dog on the next destroyed 10 apple trees by ringing them; and on the third pulled down the fence, chopped up potatoes, broke branches of trees, and finished by stabbing ahorse. Shlerwi,, who wes de fended by Mir A. I. Clark, denied the evidence of Green, and called witnesses to disprove his veracity, who stated thlat they would not believe hiis (Dean's) oath. After lengthy evidence had been given, Shoerwin was fully committed for trial, bail being allowed in two sureties of £50 each and himselif in £100. The afflir has caused a profound sensation thlroughouet the district, the parties being vwell-knownv, and holding respectable positions. -BENEVOLE.NT Soiierc.--Tlhe usual weekly meeting of the Committee was held at the lTown IHall yesterday after noon. Prescet-Messrs 1. L. Ditcham, O. 1labinegton, J. Ellis, J. Stpllohnson, WV. R. Blarwvood, T. II. Urquhlart, G. Balter, A. W. Birchall, hi. Tyson, and the Secretary. The minutes of last mceeting were read and confimed, and the weekly relief-roll was called over. The Secretary reported that he had not received any reply from tile Private Secretary to the request that his Excel. Iclcy Sir G. C. Strahan wouoll become patron of the Beonevolent Society, and preside at its annual mecting. Thlcro owere no fresh applications for relief. TELERttiPIIC INTYErIRUIPTION. - Tie0 West Australian line was inltorreptod yesterday morning betwveen Bromer and Esperance Bays, in the Australian Bight. it weas expected thlat commnunication would be restored early this meorning. LrTTERS DETArNED: FOst POSTAiE. P'ostmasteor-Gernoeral, elbourne; lMr J. Thos. Smith, lothaem, IMelbounre. AMencIAN HOTEL TAKINO. - Tile hotels at Coney Island and Manhattan Beach are in mourning on account of the cold weather. In a favourable timie tie bathling houses will take in froem 82000 to 53000 per day; the restrMrant at Man hattan Beach is good for $1000 or $G000 per day; .and there are a nulnbe r at Coney Islaned that do an equal business. 'IThe loss of a trade like tlhat, with tile enoremoes expenses they are under, is a very serious matter, when the band alone, including Mr Levy, coste 000 per day for a single hotel, VOLUNTEER INSPECTION. - Colonel Scratchloy, RE., Col. Angelo, Comnnan der qf the Local - Forces, and Captain Joseph, of the Victorian Torpedo Corps, I are expected to. arrive from Hobart by thioe express train to-day. At 5 p.m. the Tasmanian Light Hors? will muster at the drill ground on the Western Swamp I for inspection by Col. Scra'chley, and at. 0'30 p.m. the Artillery and Rille Corps I will muster for inspection at the Vrolu. teer Buildings, when it is hoped every t member will mtake a point of attending 1 At 8 p.m. Captain Joseph will deliver a e lecture on "Torpedo Defences" at the I Pavilion, Town Park, which is open gratis a to civilions as well as Voluntecrs, tickets being obtainable from the ollicers. Cap tain Joseph also intends to give an illustration in the harbour of the actual explosion of a torpedo, which will take place at p.m.' The Staffi Officer was making arrangements yesterday for the experiment to tcake place at some suitableo pamt between the lMarket Wharf acnd the Ctatiract Bridge, and as it will be high tide shortly alter six o'clock this evening no dilliculty ought to be found in select ing a spot which can be seoo well from the shore by those desirous of seeing a torpedo actually exploded. - MISHAP T TO THE ErPIRESS.-It is very rarely that any mishap to the express train has to be recorded, and it was un fort;nato that, the delay experienced by tile train which left Launceston at 3 p.m. on Mlonday occurred witeh an unusually heavy passenger list, there being over 200 persons in the train, which comprised six carriages. Shortly after Antill Ponds was passed it was found tihe springs of otne of the large composite carriages had given way, and the train had to be stopped, an hour and a half spent in getting the disabled carriage off the line, and the engine then hooked on to the remaining carriages and proceeded, the passengers of the damaged carriage crowding the other carriages and the engine. But on reaching the first steep incline it was found the engine could not take the train up, and to prevent it over powering the engine the wheels had to be blocked. Another delay of an hour and a half took place while an engine and a couple of fresh carriages was telegraphed for and broughlt up from Campania, but when these arrived the troubles of the passengers were over, but the train did not reach Hobart till 1145 p.im. REVISION OF THE TAMcAR AND LAUN CtstTON ELEcTOntAL RoLLs.-A Court of Revision for revising the electoral rolls of the districts of Tamar and Nortlh, South, and Central Launceston was hold at the Town Hall yesterday morning, when there were present, the heon. Jas. Aikenhead, M.L.C.; James Scott, LH.A. ; Alderman A. Hlarrap, F. Von Stieglitz, J. H. Hudson, Bennett, Milligan, and C. S.' Button, Esqs. Alderman Harrap was elected to the chair. The Town Clerk laid on the table the electoral rolls as prepared by the Returning OClicer, atnd after due con sideration they were, with small altera tions, adopted. Tile Court adjourned until noon to-day, in order to approve the polling lists. LAUNOESTON COFFEE PALACE. - The Launceston Coffee Palace was opened for the first time for inspection yesterday afternoon, and was visited by upwards of 400 persons, who were shown over the building by the proprietor, lIr S. Sutton, and Ihis asslstants. Tihe palace will be open this evening from seven till ten o'clock. Those desirois of inspecting the building can obtain tickets of admission upon application to the proprietor. HOBART HORTICULTURAL SOCIETr. The summer show of the Hobart Horti cultural Society will be hold at the Town Hall, Hobart, on tihe 7th February next. when a good list of special prizes is offered. We trust that members of the Launceston Society will notforgetthe time and trouble devoted to sendineg exhibits from Hobart to our November show, and will endea vour to cordially reciprocate. It has already been stated that Mr Jos. Allen, of Longford, will take charge of any ox hibitsfor members who are not going down themselves. A GOosT !-Hobart has had its ghost whose existence and peculiarities still re main a mystery. Not so, howenver, with the northern ghost which frightened an unfortunate awagsmuan almost out of his wits very recently. The man was walk ing from Porth to Launceston, and was just ascending.Jibblt Hill (by no means a prepossessing name for any locality), when a figure clad in light garments apparently flow past him . with such rapidity that he could not for a moment believe that it was human. The man's heart failed him, and he determined to pitch his camp in some secluded spot in the vicinity. He did so, and judge of his surprise in the morning on learning that the cause of all his fear was an in dividual journeying home on his bicycle. VI°roLOttAW QUARANTINE G(ROUND.-ThO news from tile quarantine station at Portsea is satisfactory insomuch that no deaths or serious eases are reported. Owing to some llungling, the death of the unfortunate nlan Morgaln was made known to Mary Cleary, who is in a bad stage of the disease. The result, not unnaturanlly, is that the effect of tihe neows has been prejudicial, and the fever las increasod. Lately tihe Chief Secre tary received a tolegrem front Dr Bulmer, stlting that she is in a dying condition, and asking tllat a Roman Catholic clergy anil might be sent down to ndminister the last rites of the church. His Grace Archbishop Goeld was at once communei. cated with, and the Vicar-General inti nmated to the Under-Secretary that he thought a Roman Catholic priest was aluongst theis passengers, but if not, one would be senlt without delay. Of courso, the clergyman will be kept in quarantinoe. No fresh cases have boeei reported since tihe 12th inst. Mor gan's .body was taken to the grave by an un-used bush track, and only two attendants from the infected cottages buried it. It is stated that a clergyman was asked to read the burial service, but declinetd to do so. The cottage in which Morgan died has been fumigated and disinfected, and the bedding burnt. Another contemporary says :-There is no doubt that we will have an outbreak of small-pox in this colony about the beginning of winter, .so everybody had better be ready prepared by vacci nation, which is a sure defence, if recent. There can- be no provention of the disease hioing brought over from New Southl Wales by the railvay. At the quaralntineo gr,,ucds, I lear the super visil, is ludicrous. The quaranltine is ,perfectly at tie will of thlose colineed; thely cean break louends whenevCer they Iplease, and probably will before long. Altogetler, it sccms ilmpossible for the coloniail authlloritieIsto meeot such emeor gencies. Tile qnarantineo ground is about the drearicat in the world, and it is, thlerefore, no wondorthal t the fast gentle meein who are lo?,escd up there hlveO taken to whisky as a coeisolation. A HlOlleIeLE GERstEMONY.--Miss Main waring, the datighter of an army officer at Portsmouth, was about to be married, but unexpectedly she died. It was resolved, however, that before interment she shoeld be married "as far as possible," and accordingly the Rev. T. D. Plaitt and other clergymen among them, read thie marriage service, and thlen the service for funerals. The other. Iriende wore their wedding clothes.-Pall Mall Gazette. Pe'oErTUaL, MaOTION.--Ti10 Swiss ours ialsI state thlat a .oatcl and clock elaker c iateuvry, lhaving feureished two watcheR with mechanism invented by himself, iplaced tlem ic a . lox, whlich he colnfided eon Jon. 16, 1879, to the municipal autllho ritiles f thet tolwn, by lwhom it was sealed and deposited aebug their archlives. Upon thle oflicial opelting of the box, rwhich hals just taken place, the two watclhes were, it is said, foued to be still going regtlarly, Saltllouigh they led not eeote re-wound for 21 monthe ee A TuaErt-LeaM Dn RACE.-On New Year's Day, two young ladies, who reside somewhere in the vicinity of Now Chum, went to Eaglehawk, near Sand hurst, Victoria, to witness the sports held there, and were greatly interested in the three-legged race, which they saw there for the first time. The following day they were telling their mother what they had soon, but the old lady could not be made to understand how two men i could p casibly run a three-legged rnice; whereupon the young ladies undertook to show her, and, divesting themselves of all superfluous clothing, they tied number one handkerchief around their anudes, and were proceeding to adjlst number two, when my informant, having busiaess at t that particular holiso, ca'no round the t corner. The commotion caused by his appearance can be more easily imagined than described. One young lady tried to make an exit by one door, and the t other by another; but as their legs were tied, that was found to be impossible, so they did the next best thing-dropped on the floor. The old lady came promptly to their rescue by placing hoer self in front of theml; but my friend being a bit of a wag, and seeing that hle had them in 4 fix, began to talk about the mines and the weather, and the e future fruit crops, till the old lady, in sheer despair, explained the situation, when, of course, with many apologies for staying so long, lie decamped, to the re lief of the girls, who vow they will never again try experiments - except with locked doors. " OLIVETE."-Tho correspondent of a Victorian contemporary writes of this latest opera bouffo which is now presented in Melbournoe. "It is pretty rough 1 can assure you ; it not only touches the skin of delicacy, but it wounds that cuticle very severely. 1 would not like to ask you to publish one of Olivetto's songs-you would be had up before the courts. The tastoe of this kind of enter tainment is not for good. Amusing and. sparkling operas can be written without being improper- witness, the pirates of Penzance. These French pieces rely en tirely up-n the equivoquo and mote a double entente." CAUTION TO S.\tOKEl.--Says a oMel bourne correspondent of a Sandhurst journal. On the Mo lbourne course Imet an old Sandhurst friend whom 1 kneow years ago, when we were both mein whole could sign cheques for thousands, and have them honoured, too. Ho had become a perfect wreck, iphaysically and mentally. I have referred to this in order to give a warning to smokers. My friend was very heavy on cigars, indeed, he was never without one in his mouth, and the doctors asserted this was the cause of the ruin of his mind. Those who are continually pulling at cigars should take the hint. "You CAN'T BEAT THIAT."-A witty lf.P., who has been over in Tasmania for the holidays, has been telling a story which I fancy is old, but, if so, says a correspondontof the Bendigo Itilepl, denft, it is well adapted. There was, he relates, a Victorian over at Hobart who was dis gusted with everything, and ran down the little island and its capital. In fact, nothing was.right, nothing was equal to what was found in lDeilburne. Thoe land lord, who believes in Tasmania, had much ado to hold hlis peace and curb his temper. When the traveller retired to rest he got the servant to place a live crayfish in the bed. , The crustacean, enraged at being sat upon, gripped the traveller with his claws in a tender part, and his roars brought up the landlord. " What the devil have you got here I" cried the traveller. "Oh, that's only one of our fleas," said the landlord. "You can't beat that in Melbourne, can you "' The malcontent was silent after that. EXPELLeD FORt DANOIN.---Mfr Hebor Donaldson, a lawyer of Etmlenton, Pennsylvania, was recently expelldd from the Presbyterian Church, to which he belonged, for dancing. The statement of the defender was that while at a private party lie " attempted to walk through a quadrilleo--soo thing le had never before attempted.' He appeafed, but the Clarion Prcsbytery refused to sustain his appeal. Consequently lhe appealed to the Synod, which recently mot. at Eric. IMr Donaldson argued his own case through a whole day, maintaining that the Bible did not prohibit dancing. The amusoment was not condemned by the laws of the church, and there was no precedent for his expulsion. A reporter stated that " his peroration was an able anld eloquent resume of the case, and was listenled to with the closest attention by a congre gation that filled the church to over flowing." On the second lday Mr David Lawson, speaking for the prosecution eon behalf of the Clarion Presbytery, hold that coescience was not always a safe guide. No line could be drawn between "promiscuous and social dancing." Mr Donaldson had committed an, olfence against the church, because his example was liable to lead others to the depths of vice. Hence his act was calculated to bring discredit upon the church. AIr Lawson also claimed that t"in no place did the Bible sanction the dancing of both sexes together." On the question being put, all the clergyman, present adduced reasons for theevo they were about to give. Only a few maintained that dancing was not a sin against the laws of the church. Mr Donaldson lost his appeal by a great majority, the votes being 73 against hlim to 20 in his favour. The defendant, however, announeed his inten tion of appealing to the General Assembly of the Presbyterian Churclh, which assembles at Springfield, Illinois, next Spring. A MELnBOURNE SALON.-Ono of our great sporting men entertains on Sunday, and the parties he gives in a historic house are quite uniqe and decidedly plea sant, the coldness and reserve that freezes one at ordinary parties being et tirely absent, whlile strict decorum is pro served. Strange to say, cards and dice are eschewed, and the company pass the time away in music and conversation, while champagne and refreshments of all krinds are provided without stint. Our upper ten could very well take pattern by these parties. Generally there are a large number of leading theatrical people present, who freely exorcise their talents to amuse the guests. Of course it will be objected that these parties are given on a Sabbathl, but, as the host is not a Christian, that cun not be uphold. These re-unions romiud one of the Paris salons, only, of course, the people are vastly different. Toe trustees of tihe Campbell Townr water district have extended the time for recoiving applications for theg position of clerk of works till noon on 2nd February. A s?teETon of all interested in an advance of bricklsycrs' wages is called for Tuesday next at the Workmen's Olub. A TrtAL of Nicholeson and Co.'s stripper and winnower will take place at Mr T. Heath's farm, near Cressy, at 2 p.m, to-morrow. TUtc eannunl tenting of subscrihers to the Campbell Town IHospital takes place at noon on Tuesday next. ENJOY LIFE- But few, in fact not any, really enjoy life those nearest to enjoying it are the most discontented, the anteiipation of lensurr being tlonly thing enjoyed, yet nacy theeou sands discoursged, disheartened people moy cot wish for death, or commit suicide, as they do, Swere it not for the most bitter of all cups tihe miserable and discouraging effects of Dyspepsia and Liver Comepluint, enpecting every day to be carried ofh by I'ralysis, Apoplexy, Heart Dis ease. Consumption. andt many other symptoms of Dyspopeia and Indigestion. Now, if you Iave no faithl in Patent ctidicines, and have lost hope in yr piysieian, I would s al you i good feitll that you try only one bottle df Green's August Flower, it ean do you nio harm; if one bottle does not give y?ou astonishing relief, don't use any more. Alll ehetmiate sell it. Sample bottle to try Gd. Large'bottle, 3s 6d. SSole ageRts fore Tamania, L. Fairthornoneed Son. tcIIepliste, LuosteestOn.-iAdlvtl. 1 A tNot.E sIpark dropped upon a ildying emher mny revive tic inextingsuislhle tiara, just as Aromatic Schnapps, gratefully diffning itself throuelghout thie systecn, ,eoy refresh the hice gcuishing spirits and rekindle the fiding glow of t eghausted vitality. A drop of water to the pamhed tonrgue may sve a life elsewiso drying np from burning thrst. It is in timely appli eationi, snd'the potency of the thing adminis tered, the gobd is consummated.-[Adet.] ................ 