Aquatic Jottings. By Charow. The race between Clifford and Beach, in light skiffs, for £200 aside, took place on Saturday afternoon last, and resulted in a victory for Beach. Perhaps the most inte« resting feature in lie event was that both men are compara tively new to the aquatic world. Beach has been known to fame as a sculler for little more than a year, and the vast strides he has made, and his splendid record, arc already well known. Clifford, on the other hand, made his first appearance within the past three months, and has already fnade hie mark by defeating Trickett in heavy boats. Both men iiaii from the Illawarra district, and have met before on several occasions on Lake Illawarra with varying success. They have made their deb&t; at the very time when the lovers of the sport were anxiously, and with some misgivings, looking out for some new blood and worthy successors to our present champions. Beach has asserted and proved his right to a place in the front rank of onr professional oarsmen, while Clifford promises so well that already he has gained golden opinions of his merits, and the distinction in store for him in the future. He is, I understand, the junior of Beach by four or five years, and he is the largest and most powerful-looking sculler that Has ever contested on the waters of the harbour. In height he is orer 6 feet 2 ; he measures when trained and in condition 42 inches round the chest, while his rowing weight on Saturday was 13st., r sessing a great depth of chest. His broad sbon'-'p *1', back covered with muscle, magnificent in pro well up in his boat he looked every inch 8$ feLn° lTeSeTo^ . -om toThe S ciwlfin imoninr - uie toughest looking men that minted I kfk - ~ ft powerful muscular develop ment, ana b o ck ^ xvhim appears to have the colour ana consist ^ 0f mahogany. One might well ask why Uie district kept such champions hid so long, and I* there are any more of the kind to be obtained there. A considerable number of the residents of the Illawarra dis trict came up specially to witness the race, as a close contest was anticipated, and it was known that the men were old rivals. It was not a judicious course of Clifford to tackle Beach as a maiden effort. There were many and far less formidable rivals with whom there would have been but little trouble in getting on a match with without making a dash at one who is without doubt the champion of tho colonies in light skiffs, and will for some time to come prove his right to the title, unless it is Clifford who will dispute it, with success. On Saturday, towards the latter portion of the race, there was a pretty general opinion that Beach led as he liked, and rowed within himself. I may be wrong, but I firmly believe that, taking into con sideration the time and his appearance, Beach was fully ex tended to the finish, and tried to defeat his opponent by as great a distance as possible. There has been considerable rivalry between the two men for some time past, which probably excising Clifford making straight for his old opponent. There is but little further to add before describing the race, beyond expressing the hope that we will see a good deal more of Clifford. He is a coming man, and remembering his want of experience and the way his boat rolled and how he splashed, it is a marvel how he got over the water at such a pace. With a little more experi ence and a better style of rowing— which judging by his improvement during his stay here is only a matter of a few months — he will render a good account of himself. Had Clifford possessed these advantages on Saturday last, Beach would have had to double the gap between the two boats, or the racc would probably have had a different result. As the men drew up to the storting point it was seen that Beach had the Rhodes side and advantage of position. The men were to start by mutual consent, and some tirno was lost in getting underway, Beach having acquired some cute generalship, appearing to be striving for half-a-length's start, while Clifford patiently insisted upon getting away on equal terms. Beacn indulged in some uncomplimentary chaff to his opponent, for which the excitement of the occa sion is no doubt an apology, but which, if tho offender would take a little friendly advice, might, with better effect in future, be left out of the programme. The tide was a strong flood, a stiff north-easter blew throughout the race. The boatB had drifted some 20 yards down the river, when at last they got away on even terms and at a tremendous pace. Beach was the first to show in front by quarter of a length in the first 50 yards striking 31 a minute. \V ithin 200 yards' Clifford had drawn up level, and shortly after forced his boat to the front. Approaching Uhr's Point the pace was fast and furious, and Beach rowing np to 36 placed his boat a quarter of a length in front, and passed (Jhr's Point in 2 minutes 20 seconds from the start. Off the Point Clifford was rowing 33 and strongly, but his style contrasted most unfavourably with that of Beach. In the rough water Clifford commenced to roll, when Beach, who had slackened down to 32, and rowing in grand form, increased his lead to a length and a half. In answer to the calls of his friends, Clifford with a few powerful strokes reduced the distance to three quarters of a length. M'Donald was on the water coaching Beach, while Perkins did a similar duty for Clifford. Half-way across to the Mile Point Beach had increased his lead to two and a half lengths, and was rowing with the same swing and power as when he started, his boat shooting along as steady as a rock ; Clifford, who was now rowing 31 strokes a minute, was sadly out of form, and he appeared to be weak in his left arm. Beach still kept on increasing his lead, and as the Mile Point was neared the excitement and howling of each man's supporters were tremendous. Among a few it was anticipated that Clifford would make his race between Blaxland's and Putney Point, find repeat his performance in the race with Trickett. Beach shot past the beacon at Blaxland's Point with a lead of five lengths, Clifford rowing 32 and in better form. After passing the point the wind was severe and gusty. Clifford reduced his lead slightly, but the rough water and the wind again upset him, and he commenced rolling and splashing in a most awkward style. Up to this point both men steered splendidly. Beach was now rowing 32, and drawing away each stroke, while Cliffoid appeared to be all to pieces. In approaching Putney Point Clifford kept wide out. in wind and tide, while Beacn made for the calm water under the lee, and soon had its full advantage. Under the shore Beach rapidly increased his lead and passed the Point in 11 minutes 30 seconds, with nearly seven lengths advantage, rowing 30 a minute. Beach .now commenced to steer badly; but appeared to have the race well in hand, though Clifford, spurting continually, reduced hiB lead at times, Beach was still rowing 30, and the race appeared to be virtually over. Off Tennyson Point, 14 minutes 44 seconds, he led by five lengths, both men rowing 30. Beach still hugged the northern shore, out of the tide, and opposite Hen ana Chickens Wharf had eight lengths to the good. Clifford, who had slowed down to 29, now followed Beach, and in the calmer water near Gladesville Clifford exhibited better rowing than during any other por tion of the race. Quickening np to 31, he reduced the lead fay about a length. Gladesville Wharf was passed bv Beach in 21 minutes 55 seconds, with a lead of seven lengths. Cliffoid still continued spurting most gamely, and, as from the first, rowed a plucky stern-chase. Off the S. R. C. branch, Beach again drew away and passed One Man Wharf in 22 minutes 37 seconds, Clifford's time bong 22 minutes 60 seconds. Clifford's left arm was now more noticeably weak ♦*»»' ever, and instead of keeping his head up he let it lean too much on his chest, a fault which he had through put t£e rape. Jfo sdteratieo now took place, and nothing interesting occurred, except that Beach narrowly escaped Posing tne wrong tide of the boacon, but discovered his ' md as the flag fell he had some eight ltngtns to the good. Time, 2-5 minutes 34 seconds. The ^ ^.al over to the winner on Saturday evening, anct Clifford left the same night for his home at Wollon gong. Saturday afternoon, 17th instant, the fourth race for ^ vl ™ fropky. by the boats of the South Melbourne iacnt Club, took place on Albert Park Lake, the Bonito winning by two minutes, the Age being second. On the same afternoon arace for the maiden trophy in connection with the Albert Park Yacht Club resulted in a win for Mr. (snspman s Progress. The race tmder the auspices of the Brighton Yacht Club was won by Messrs. Tanner and Ormond s Zivola. On Wednesday, 27th December, a very successful regatta was held at Queenscliff, Hobson's Bay, ana some good prizes were presented for competition. v lrn..f^thon8ed by Mr- p- Sullivan, of the well-known boatbuilding firm of Donnelly and Sullivan, to say that it is their intention to give three prizes of £100, £30, and £10 respectively for competition in April next to all professional oarsmen. It has been suggested that the contest shall take place in Middle Harbour, under the impression that 8 clearer and calmer course can be obtained. I do not tJiinfc- that the alteration would be a wise one. The water is not by any means a millpond with a stiff nor'-easter, and it is a ques tion whether a straight-away coarse of three and a-half miles con be obtained anywhere in Middle Harbour. It would be a difficult matter to improve upon, tho old course, and it would ' be & pity, unless for very good reasons indeed, to depart from the usual practice. I may say that the donors do not make any secret that the transaction is a speculative one, and that although they are glad to encourage the sport they have no desire to be at any pecuniary loss in the matter. I am informed that they definitely intend to offer the prizes, S uJK « d ud'if n-°rU'-r Tlici.; « a -8 to be made by a keen W f attendance- inere is a chance of loss by i ^»e v-ather. We have now some new a - ,t° part in the contest, and it is Imii ? ' 68 e Yankees say, ' it will eventuate,' and that most successful^. wISi/5!^!i!?'na,or arrangements fot the formation of the torilv ^ ®ay Club lare progressing satisfac enroii- - -* number of intending members are already . and it is intended to hold a public meeting on Fri evening next, 6th January, at Punch's Hotel, William Btreet, for the purpose of placing matters on a firmer foot ing. In the meantime, Mr. F. M'Donald has been e ^pointed honorary secretary pro tem., and has already obtained some number of donations and promises of support. An attempt will shortly be made to inaugurate a branch shed on the Parramatta River in connection with the M Tcantilo j Rowing Club. The club haB always been heavily handi capped by the want of a proper place where the crews may reside when training for the more important races, and as the club iB in a most satisfactory and prosperous condition pecuniarily there is no reason why it should not have a branch. It is almost an impossibility to obtain regular practice in the lower part of the harbour, and eight-oar rowing is out of the question. It has often occurred to me that a well-conducted hotel, situate on the banks of the Parramatta River, near the Brothers, provided with boatsheds, would not only be a boon to amateur and professional oarsmen, but would prove a good invest ment to the proprietor. As rowing clubs crop up in the various bays of the harbour, only a favoured few will be able to possess branches of their own, while the remainder would gladly avail themselves of a house such as I have suggested. The second deposit of £50 in tho match between M'Donald and Clifford, which is to take place on 10th February over the champion course, Parramatta River, has been made good. The stakes are £100 aside. The race in outriggers between John Largan and H. Pearce, for £.00 a side, takes placo to-day over the cham pion course. It will be remembered that Largan met Pearce twice in England, and on each occasion defeated him. They meet now, however, under different circumstances, and it is a question whether the severe hot weather we have had of late, and to which Largan is not at all accustomed, will interfere with his chances of winning. Judging from past experiences and the influence of so decided a change of climate, it is quite on the cards that Pearce, if in anything like proper condition, will not have euch an outside show as most people imagine, Mr. Frank Punch, the umpire and stakeholder in the anticipated race between Rush and Laycock, received a few days bads a cheque for £100 from Michael Rush to bind the match. Since then I am given to understand that Laycock has paid down his deposit, and the match may be looked upon as definitely settled. Tbe course will be for three and a- half miles, on the Clarence River, and the stakes will be the largest competed for in Australia up to the present time— viz., £1000. Our Grafton correspondent telegraphs that at the meeting of the Rowing Club, on Tuesday night, it was decided co convene a public meeting early in January to take up the suggestion of an All -comers' Handicap Outriggers Race on the same day that the RuBh and Laycock match is on. A number of persons have expressed their willingness to subscribe for a good prizB lor euch a race. The Melbourne Anmml Regatta was held on Saturday week, and if good entries and close racing make a regatta a success — and they may indeed be considered the principal feature to that end— then our Melbourne friends have little to complain of. The day was not bo bright and fine as might have been desired, and the concourse of spectators was not so numerous as usual, which, though much to be regretted, did not, it is certain, interfere with the competi tion. Of the racing the Australasian says : — The Junior Fours was the first event on the programme, and produced an interesting race between Yarra Yarra and Melbourne ; No. 3 of each crew had previously figured in intercolonial races. The contest was well sustained to the junction, up to which point the rowing of Melbourne was bad, but they improved considerably there, and, notwithstanding the ex piring effort of Duffus at something close on 50 a minuto, the M. R. C. scored the first win of the day, which was regarded as a favourable omen by the friends of the crimson and blue. Had Yarra rowed an honest forty there is no doubt they would have been much harder to beat at the finish. The Maiden Gig Race was a really vigorous con test for a part of the distance between Footscray, Williams town, Albert-park, and City ; but the finish was left to the local crew and the 'fishing villagers,' and would most assuredly have gone to the red caps had not No. 2 broken an oar after passing the junction, and so enabled all blue to do the trick. City and Albert-park performed moderately well, but Boroondara and Bendigo were not even in the chase after passing the sugarworks. Of the four starters for the Maiden Clinker Four (amateurs) only Mercantile and Mel bourne had, hairing accidents, a ghost of a show after the first dozen strokes. Both these crews rowed with great game ness, but the light weights deserve special praise for their pluck, if not for their steering, which latter caused them to get into Melbourne's water, and the foul was very properly given against them by the umpire. Had the Mercantile coxswain drawn out a little and allowed his opponents room to come up, there would have been no foul, and the finish would probably have been the closest of the day. Contrary to the opinion of the cognoscenti, Wood completely scattered hiB two opponents in the Maiden Sculls. The Sandhurst man, who is evidently a Bmooth- water sculler, was all abroad on the rough surface of the Saltwater River, and so was the Yarra Yarra man. The foul between Brown and Waters did not affect the result in the least, as the Footscray sculler was fully four lengths ahead at the time of the collision. The race for the J ocior Sculls at one time seemed a soft thing for Jeffries, but he tired even before half the course had been rowed, and FalB, who was evidently in better condition, and steered fairly welt, won hands down at the finish. The 'Electric'' Telegraph sculler is certainly a misnomer. The Junior Eight (amateur) produced a splendid race between Victoria and Yarra Yarra, the finish being the closest thing of the day ; end bad the latter been content to row something less than an impossibly effective 'fifty' during part of tbe race, they would probably, with Victoria's two accidents in their favour, have been hailed the winners; not to have. been able to beat seven oars, even when they were actually leading almost on the post, speaks volumes against this execrably rapid style of rowing. Notwithstanding a broken oar and that bow got his wood out of ^ the rowlock, both accidents occurring at a critical time, Victoria folly maintained the name they have already acquired for courage and determination, and pulled a grand raze out of the fire. The Krug Cup (amateur eights) promised a con test for the first three-quarters of a mile, although Upbraid had been rowing with a broken oar almost from the first stroke ; but after passing the sugarworks both the Service and Tarra were completely disposed of by Melbourne, who will drink nothing but Krug champagne for the next 12 months. The fact of C. S. having broken o second oar after passing the red dolphin goes to show either that the men are very strong or the oars excessively weak. Beal and Wood rowed a really fine race for the Challenge Sculls, and though the Yarra man always had slightly the best of it, a mistake on his part would probably have been fatal to his chance of winning, so pluckily did the Footscray man row throughout ; had Wood ever had the practice or know ledge and style of hfs opponent there need be no more for midable claimant for the championship. In the Senior | Eight (open) Yarra Yarra had' no difficulty in settling the pretensions 'of Footscray; 'but what a falling off was there!' the ' white, red cap ' beaten by a crew who had oDly an hour before rowed second for the ' Krug ' Eight. However, it was a creditable performance for the ' car dinal and blue' to do the distance in 9 minutes 25 seconds, or only nine seconds more than Melbourne in the Amateur Eight. The so-called ' Men-of-war Race ' was responsible for the only unpleasantness of the day; the event was announced and arranged aB for crews of the Naval Reserve, notwith standing which a crew of Sandridge lumpers would persist in joining in the race, although cautioned not to do so. They were, therefore, cut out of tho contest by Captain PftUartoa with the Harbour Trust steamer Commissioner, on board of which was Mr. J. H. Young, the umpire of the race. The act seemed Bomewhat harsh and high-handed, as it would not have matter^ on? iota whether thsy won or not ; they were aeitiiei: entered hor started, and consequently could not have claimed the prize ; their conduct was simply foolhardy, and they accordingly paid the penalty for their obtrusion* Believing that Captain Fullarton had actod upon his own responsibility, some of the spectators on the Pilot hooted him. This seemed to raise_ the ire of the captain, who, in a somewhat undignified manner, wished to ' take it out ' of anybody, ' high or low,' that- had in dulged in the demonstration. Williamstown walked clean away with the Junior Eight from Lake, chaffing the losers unmeaningly on the way. The Briscoe Trophy (amateur fours) was 'a close race between Melbourne and Victoria for a good part of the journey, Civil Service being outpaced from the sugarworks ; the lone, steady stroke of Melbourne told its usual tale on the ' scarlet,' who, it is superfluous to add, exhibited their usual courage. The Maiden Eight (amateurs) resulted in another victory for Melbourne ; the Civil Service and Victoria were close together at the sugar* works, where an exciting struggle seemed on the cards, but the two latter fell back, allowing Melbourne to add another to their already brilliant list of vic tories. Civil Service and Victoria had a good fight for second place, which was secured by the latter. Yarra was overmatched almost from the jump. An excel lent race was that for the Maiden Clinker Four (open), be tween Mercantile mid Williamstown, who fought it out gamely to the end. The boys thrashed the blue soundly, and, strange to say, the latter saw no joke in it, having no time to chaff the leading crew. The victory of Mercantile was popular, as it was generally thought they would have won the Clinker Four had not Melbourne claimed the foul. The Grand Challenge Four was the next and last event on the programme, and was won from the jump by Victoria, who never gave Footscray a chance for the race, which had been previously won three times in succession by the local club. This brought the proceedings of the day to a close. The deciding heats of the Adelaide rowing club regatta oame off on the 18th instant. The Port Adelaide crews won the Torrens' Fours, Champagne Cup, Ladies' Plate, and Adelaide Fours. The South Adelaides secured the Maiden Pairs and Maiden Sculls. The Norwoods took tho Silver Sculls, Maiden Pours, silver goblets. The Commercial College beat the Frince Alfred College in the final heat, and won the Public Schools' Challenge Cup. Green, who won the Silver Sculls, is now considered champion of the colony. A number of prominent oarsmen (says the San Francisco Breeder and Sportsman) met in the shop of ' Bill' Olltver, at Harlem, to witness the laying of the keel of a new shell boat for the champion rower of the world, Edward Hanlan. On Sunday last Hanlan, while rowing on the Harlem, asked if there was any builder that understood the fitting of Claeper's patent ' fin,' a device for the steadying of the boat in windy weather. The person whom he asked replied: 'Oh, yes; Bill Olliver used to be Clasper's right-hand man.' Hanlan forthwith made the acquaintance of Olliver, to whem he stated just what he wanted, adding : ' You can take your own time about the building of her. I won't need her before the spring.' The boat ordered by Hanlan will be of Spanish cedar, 31 feet 6 inches long, 11 inches wide, and will weigh when finished 28 pounds, rowlockB included. She will be fitted with three watertight compartments, the bulkheads being at either end of the cock-pit, so thatin case the boatshould ship a sea the water would remain in the cock-pit, the strongest part of the boat, as well as being the most convenient placo in the boat for weight-carrying. The patent ' fin' is a'n ar rangement similar to the centreboard of a sailing vessel. It is of steel, one thirty-second of an inch in thickness, 12 inches in length, and three inches deep. It is placed about four feet from the stern-post in a watertight brass well and is fitted with notches and can be lowered and raised at will, according to the state of the weather. This boat, when finished, will be the first ever built in America fitted with the ' fin.' Hanlan said to a World reporter that he had seen the watermen on the Thames and Tyne use the contrivance with good effect, and first used it himself in his race with Trickett, when he rowed for the Sportsman Challenge Cup. He was so well pleased with it that he bought a half-dozen of the fins. He had found the fin much more efficacious than the ' wind sail,' which is an American patent, and that a rower using the fin had no one-hand lowing. The fin, if down, of course [militates againBt the rounding of a stakeboat in a race rowed with a turn, but this difficulty could be in a great measure obviated by raising the fin one of two notches, while that part of it which was down, though small, indeed, would be of more service than the windsail. In a race rowed before the wind its use could be dispensed with, and though made of steel the weight waB not more than that of the wooden windsail. Referring to the race between the Hillsdale and Thames Sowing Club Fours, the London Sportsman s ays : — 'Every true lover of rowing will agree that the race of yesterday | was characterised by most deplorable incidents. We should have been delighted had the contest been conducted throughout minus accidents, and we have no doubt whatever that all the members of the competing crews would have been similarly pleased. That unhappy foul, however, ere half a mile had been traversed deprived the struggle of all interest. It was feit at once that the issue must be decided on that collision, and it was equally apparent that the Americans were to blame. They were guilty of an error of judgment— or perhaps, in other words, they Btood convicted of an inability to steer properly. No impartial person would accuse them of wilful conduct. They never sought a collision we are convinced. Thev had no reason to do so, for at the moment the catas trophe occurred they were going at a better pace than their opponents, and had they only been able to keep straight would probably soon have assumed a commanding lead. We do not like the Hillsdale mode of execution. It iB short and jerky. The men rely chiefly upon arm work, and experi ence has shown this to be inefficient. Still it is a matter for marvel that the amateur champions of America should be able to get such a pace on their boat. They are as phenomenal in this respect as was Riz of Richmond, who, to the amazement of all beholders, won the Chinnery Junior Prize last year. We really beliive that, barring accidents, the Americans would have won yesterday. Had they main tained a good course they would, ere the Soap Works had been reached, have obtained such a commanding lead that | they could have afforded to slow down and take a rest. As - it was a series of regrettable fiascos occurred, and it is really to be deplored that the umpire had so real ground for order ing the men to row again. His decision was perfectly just and fair, but had it happened that another race could be re quested we should probably have Been a result which would . have been more satisfactory) whether the English crew had won or loBt.' The Wenonah belongs to the New York, Eastern, Sea wanhaka, Larchmont, and St. Augustine Yacht Clubs. Her owner, who formerly owned the schooner Wanderer, and later the cutter Muriel, the 6loop Begina and steam yacht Lurline, is one of the most prominent yachtsmen in this countrv. Not being able to obtain an American register for the cutter built in England, he has, in order to test the com parative merits of tbe two types of boats — British and American— as fairly as possible, had the Wenonah built from plans of Messrs, Harvey and Pryor, of London, and her sails made by Lapthorne, the most approved of British sailmakers. She has been rigged, and will be sailed by Captain Harlow and a picked British crew, brought here from England for this purpose. Except, therefore, that she has been built here, the Wenonah is to all intents and purposes a British yacht. Her dimensions are : Length over all, 72 feet ; on water-line, 60 feet ; extreme beam, 14 feet ; depth of hold, 10 feet 6 inches; draught of water, 10 feet 6 inches. She is. ballasted entirely with lead, 24 tons of it being cast in one piece, as previously descrided in The Spirit, on her keel, and about as much more is on the inside, moulded to fit her frames. Her spars are much more taunt than is customary in British yachts, tbe yachting weather here being much I ghter than in the fVianwalfi. Her mast is 66 feet 6 inches in extreme length. From deck to mast- head it is 55 feet; the top-mast is 40 feet ; boom, 58 feet; gaff, 38 feet; bowsprit, out-board, 28 feet. The latter is round and fitted to house or reef. Her cost will be, when complete, about 30,000 dollars. — New York Spirit of the Tim f?. Elliot, the ex-champion of England, who was defied by Hanlan for the Sportsman Challenge Trophy for the first time on June 16, 1879, and rowed the course from ' Mansion House to Scotswood Bridge' in 21-01, the fastest time on record, haB informed the World reporter that he was in fine condition for his race on Monday with James Riley, and was confident of winning. He also said that he had. made another match with George Gaisel, whom he recently defeated, the race to be for 1000 dollars, to take place on th6 Passaic River, Newark, on Monday, the 23rd instant, the distance to be three miles— one and a-half mile with a turn. He was so confident of winning both these races that he had forwarded to the 'Old Country' a challenge to row any man in England for the championship and from £100 to £500 a side. He would in all probability return to England immediately after his race with Gaisel, provided nothing of importance occurred to detain him in this country, — N. I. World , October 15. Ihe following paragraph is from the London Sportsman. It is headed, ' 'Is it Largan 'r'— Three crews are in training , at San Francisco for a race on Thanksgiving Day for the | Sreedtr and Sportsman's Cup. ThePioneer crew has been ' rowing with a recently arrived Englishman for stroke, ana the 6tory has gone abroad that he is none other than John Largan ; but the Breeder and Sportsman says this lahardlv \- probable, aB, according to English exchanges, Largan sailed from Liverpool for Australia 6ome time ago, taking witn him his boats and trainer, intending to competein the Punch regatta at Sydney. The new arrival is a strapping fellow, and rowed in good form, but his style did not amaze or discourage the local oarsmen. 