THE EUROPEAN MAIL. "VIA SUEZ" AND TORRES STRAITS. THE B.I.S.N. Company's steamer Almora brings dates to 16th June anticipated by the Melbourne and Brindisi Service. OLD COUNTRY NOTES. < [BY OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.] LONDON, June 16. OF course the Government are getting into trouble about Egypt. They got into trouble about everything just at present. Even the generally loyal Daily Notes disapproves of their action in the Mediteranean, and echoes the common feeling of the country that to bluster and threaten, yet to do nothing, is neither peace nor war. The Government, however, maintain a very steady front in both Houses of Parliament, Lord Granville in the Lords and Sir Charles Dilke in the Commons declin- ing to give premature information, warding off inconvenient questions, and insistingthatwearo on excellent terms with all the foreign Powers concerned. Up to the state of this letter no papers have been produced, and no information beyond what has appeared in the newspapers is before the public. The papers have their special correspondents on the scene of action, but it is evident that they feel themselves hampered by the state of panic at Cairo and Alexandria. The telegrams vary, are incomplete, and by their half- made statements, keep up a feeling of alarm at home. Every day in Parliament formal and informal questions have been addressed to the Government, and almost the whole of Wednesday was devoted to attempts to wring Ministerial secrets. Neither Mr. Gladstone nor Sir Charles Dilke, however, permitted themselves to be drawn. The Prevention of Crime Bill still drags its slow length along. The moment the House goes into committee upon it, there is a hearty stampede, the Ob- structions being left alone, to check progress. A good deal of notice has been taken of Mr. AViskcr's article in the Fortnightly felt it, and the Echo and some other papers have published leading articles calling upon the Imperial Government to do something. Extracts from the special correspondents of either the Arytts or Herald have also been reproduced in the English papers, and the intention is apparently to show that Queenslanders are a set of butchers and slave drivers. The Egyptian imbroglio happened to make a greater demand upon public attention soon after the magazine was published, and the Queensland subject, which otherwise might have been worked up into a sensation, was temporarily put aside. There were, as I am informed, questions to have been asked in the House this week upon the general subject, but for some reason they had not been asked. Meanwhile, I know of a magazine article in preparation which will put matters straight so far as it can be honestly done by pointing out the difference between isolated cases which must happen, and the general system of protection afforded to both Poll nesians and aborigines by the Queensland Government. The Aborigines Protection Society has, however, lost a good deal of the influence it possessed in the old times when there was real slavery to deal with, and it is very weak in Parliament. Indeed, but for a gentleman left cially connected with the working of the society, who writes a good deal for certain Liberal papers, the influence of the society may be said to be nil. Should the matter be mentioned in the House, there is at least one hon. member who will be prepared to state both sides of the question, he having been furnished with the pamphlet containing the correspondence published some time since in the Queenslander, and also with the little book containing the more recent letters of Mr. Brookes and Mr. Gibson. Parliamentary Government is a good deal carried on by appeals to precedent. The rulings of Mr. Speaker have a future value as well as present purpose. Two curious, if not important, additions were last week made in the House of Commons to precedents law, if I may coin the term. To refer to the utterances of another member as infernal speeches" is not parliamentary. To enter the House with a sword concealed in your walking-stick is out of order. With respect to the word "infernal." it was, of course, necessary to pull Mr. O'Kelly up sharply for using it, and it was strictly in pursuance of the order of procedure amongst the Healy section of the Land Leaguers that, after considerable bluster, the word was withdrawn and apologised for. The word itself is so vapours and vixenish, so furious yet so much signifying nothing, that it was surely not worth making a fuss about. Still, any stick seems good enough now wherewith to belabour Mr. Forster. Tile sw yardstick incident did not come regularly before the House, but it was privately reported to the Speaker that an Irish member habitually walked into the House armed with an ingeniously effective lethal weapon of that description. The Speaker decided that the hon. member might do as he chose so long as he left his protector outside the bar. Again, hon. members must regulate their sotto voce comments during debate. Last night Lord George Hamilton tried to fasten upon his subordinates, while he was in office, the responsibility of sanctioning certain classes at Mr. Bradlaugh's Hall of Science. Mr. A. O'Connor, sitting in the front rank of Land Leaguers, remarked to another member, in a kind of pig's whisper, " What a hound that Lord George Hamilton is Mr. Macartney, who is a Conservative, rebuked Mr. O'Connor, and was called an cavesdropor by the O'Kelly. By-and-by, Mr. Macartney, on a question of privilege, openly reported this private conversation to the Speaker, who suggested that the offenders should express regret, "because although those remarks have not been made openly in debate, still in this House we always desire to speak well of one another." Regrets, &c;, followed, as per usual. For the present Mr. W. E. Forster has very decidedly taken a back seat in politics, and finds a great gulf fixed between him and the advanced Liberals, who once made much of him. This is but another proof of the growing dis- union in the Liberal ranks. The Whig party, which was said to be defunct, has been strengthening during the last eighteen months, and the retirement of the Duke of Argyll, Lord Cowper, and Mr. Forster mark successive accessions to the modest ranks of the Conservative Liberals. The truth with regard to Mr Forster is that he never satisfied the Radicals upon the Church Establishment question. He is a consistent though not a bigoted Churchman, and during the education movement took a strong stand against the Secularists and Non- conformists. I believe if all the facts were known it would be found that the ruling spirit in the Cabinet at present is Mr. Chamberlain, and I was told last year that he would never be satisfied until Mr. Forster was out of the Ministry. This same Mr. Chamberlain is a man, if I mistake not, whose career will be worth watching. Your readers may remember the onormousinflucnceoxorciscdbythoBirmingham league upon the School Board movement. That league owed its existence and success to "Joe" Chamberlain, who, against odds that at one time seemed to offer not the ghost of a chance to the Secularists, organised and worked until he secured the return of a majority. The administrative ability he displayed during those years of agitation was well known to Mr. Gladstone, and to it may be attributed his seat in the Cabinet. The Birmingham screw manufacturer pursues a very independent course, and has no doubt a steady of e to the possibility of some day leading the van in the establishment of the English Church. For this he is quietly preparing, and I know of no man who would so well take such a matter in hand. Resisting the seductions of social life, he is a slave to work, and somehow he has contrived by his tact, force of character, and great ability, to be a power in the Ministry. The great point with him is to exercise control upon Gladstone, and no doubt he has carried that point. In the same way Sir Charles Dilke has posted himself on the right side of Lord Granville. It almost seems as if these two aspirants for office had agreed what to do. They might have been rivals, and had Sir Charles Dilke pressed his claims to a seat in the Cabinet, Mr. Gladstone would have been painfully embarrassed. But it was always understood that Sir Charles preferred his post at the Foreign Office with Lord Granville, and actually used his influence to get Mr, Chamberlain into the Cabinet. Both have gained respect and praise in their respective offices, but many Liberals do not like the influence which Chumborlaiii exerts. The Whig feeling strengthens upon this, and the Opposition are hoping much from it. Positive disunion, however, does not yet exist ; but the shadow of it falls now and then across the path. And writing of Whigs brings to mind a manifesto recently made by the veteran Earl Grey. The noble Earl is over 80 years of ago, and has served his country in many ways, half-a-century ago he was Under-Secretary for the Colonies, and from 1849 to 1852 he held the Colonial Secretaryship, He was Under-Secretary for War and Home Secretary while some of the modern statesmen were being Mrchcd and breeched One ought to be very cautious in joining in a hub and cry against a man who has solongbornothoburden indicates the day For many years, however, the noble Bail has held an anomalous position in politics His hand has been against every man's The statesmanship of Palmerston, Derby, Disraeli, or Gladstone were alike ob anxious to him, and, according to his views, ruinous to the State. The older Lord Grey became the more crotchets he exhibited He set himself up long since as a very Wing. of very Whigs, and in that capacity has, during the Success of Radical sequence in the Queen's counsels, prophesied and denounced with intense bitter ness The eminent statesmanship of his father, the second Lui whose name is linked with that of Lord John Russell in the Reform Bill of fifty years ago, dtdnotprovo hereditary, but a general adherence to the Liberal cause has certainly insulted the octogenarians career It seems he over, that the noble Earl's known detestation of Gliidstoiuan pi simples misled many persons, amongst others the members of the Edinburgh AVoikingMcus Conservative Association, who wrote him inviting him, on the belief that at heart he was "one of us, to join the association This Lord Grey arose and buffeted them He replied that although he mounted the departure of modem Liberals from the Wing. doctrines he had been taught in his youth, he was bound to say that the Conservative party was not at all the sort that could command his support His lot ship incidentally remarks that he has for many ceased to take part in active politics That is to the letter tine, but at uncertain intervals there would be, petulantly delivered in the House of elsewhere, 01 published in the Innes, a manifesto in which has Grey showed that the advancing tide of Liberalism ii id left him high and dry on the Wing. shallows of half a century ago, and that all that I remain d for him was to stick to his position, and it such tunes as the waywardness of the ago moved him to lift up his voice as one crying in the vi wilderness Some day a question will be raised as to the proprietary light of waxwork showmen to the names and effigies of distinguished persons estuary glisten wished criminals The trial of a doctor and his execution for prisoning i stative will fish in the public recollection Even before Muwool performed his gh istl) dut), the town vi is placarded with posters regardless of expense stating that rheumatoid sing) w is to li suited to the w rework ' signs of a well know it slum Hut on day the btUstiikus nue di lived busy in above rating those announced cuts As a matter of fact that uni I Ininti duties will not be exhibited with other no DU II cardinals His relatives in sad li hive p of several thousands of p aim is to keep him out of such com- pin) How far have speculators till nighttime to trade upon the feelings of distressed farm his v A diMgici able dispute is 2,00" on 111 the niHspnpeis b two 1 Mr P\i nil M idiunc Mulhern The famous oil inn donna has also is being considered one of the lust spe (linens of the it is which is so nun 1 Uiiud antisocial it flic gued and jealousies of opera suions have almost passed into a pro- acts But if there was one exception it was understood to be Nilsson fin 1011 espondence in between her and the impresario however, shows something of both greed and jealousy , shows also the two unions manner in which these publicfavoin ites impose conditions, based upon a self-conceit that will nigh approaches the sublime There have been several operatic squabbles lately, and it is possible that the family pi lees paid to gifted singers will even in ill) scheduled to a 1 disenable level Signor Rossi, the It dum tragedian, has been playing a funny put at Her Majesty s Theatre He has been pi lying Atna I cut 111 Italian all the other children speaking English "runny" is perhaps the hardest work one may be permitted to use, though hear der have been employed by the dramatic co ities Rossi is one of the finest of a ged has of the Italian school That school is not ours Even bah on, who is a greater rate than Rossi, was only a passing curiosity Rossi's Liar, in fact, is not the character of Shakspeare, and the representation was, in its essential aspects, not 1 triumph The use of a foreign language by one side only, as I have said, mind the thing funny "Romany Rye, by Mr Sims author of the "Lights of London, has been produced at the Puniesss The prawns firmly heralded by "Dagouels" f neilds 111 tin London and provincial Press The new play is 1 liiolodianui, dealing with the lowest of London life Its minds me that the action is 1 told, the scenes existing and artistically elaborate, and the acting of individuals and grouping of crowds faultless Its dements mo 1 too realistic picture of repulsive humanity, and a want of the humour which contributed so largely to the sinking success of the Streets of London " What coin does 111 fiction Mr Sims does on the stage, and does it with a master s hand But ' Romany Rye, ' spite of its gipsy clement and photographic representations of gutter life will piebald) have a comparatively short um Lucca has reappeared at the Italian Opera, very piquant and melodious, but not better for the years of wear and ten that have lifted veiled since but former retirement from the stage Patti still reigns without a rival Mis Bernhardt, who, as was early pointed out in one of the society JOUI nais, having had fame, fortune, and children, at last seemed a hush mail is at the Gaiety Since last year the large for the divine Sarah " has been studied out, and the clever 1 inch actresses have 110 actress fit as an actress to do his shoe stags has ample opportunity of reflecting upon the fickleness of mankind, and especially womankind She had her day, and a nice golden day it was, and it must be pleasant for her to reflect that she made the most of it. The Pi mee and Pi success of Wales have interfered on behalf of the Leicester shoemaker whose pet for manees I described in my last letter At the particular request he was let out of gaol The Pi success will note to the mayoress of Loiccstu that she did not make the man with her parasol because she was frightened, but because she wished to save him from being trampled under the horse's hoofs The Prince telegraphed to the mayor asking, as a personal favour, that the man should be set at liberty, and of course the prison doors were swung open in a moment. The Queen's children are in this and a hundred ways making themselves popular They are at everybody's beck and call, and to the demands made upon them they 1 as lionel whenever they can The Princess of Wales at Ascot last week over requested to be introduced to Fred Archer, the jockey, though there must have been some mistake, seeing that it is Tom Cannon, and not Archer. who is the turf hero of the present hour And this week in the House of Lords the Prince of Wales and his brothers voted with the minority mari owing majority. boat marked every session-and against the whole bench of Bishops, in favour of marriage with a deceased wife's sister It has often been said that the royal princes vote in this way because it is wished to many the Princess Beatrice to Prince Louis of Hesse I believe there is not a scrap of ground for the supposition is Vnu now I non Intima fr> arrest of an. u tu Kosmos," whose letters to eminent poisons in the World I notice have attracted your attention, is under stood to be Mr T S Escott. author of "The Club and the Drawing room, a book that made some noise when it was published Mr Escott is one of the most brilliant of London journalists He is an Oxford man, a leader writer in the Standard, editor of the Home News, and Mr Yates's right hand man on the World The work he gets through a Misses comprehension, and as to quality, his letters to eminent persons are only a fair sample. His studies of the character of his eminent persons are so accurate that they may be accepted as of biographical value. The regeneration 01 disbandment of the Life Guards will be effected if the Gladstone Government remains in office. The prospect strikes consternation into the hearts of Bel gi avian mothers and daughters, and their nursemaids It seems on the face of it in a Sibly iconoclastic measure, but sentiment aside, it is an honest i of our Iluso ornamental far as by men are simply a show escort for result), and the proposition is to reduce the number to a troop sufficient to answer that purpose. The surplus officers and men will in that case be drafted into other regiments In other words they will have for the first time in their line to person in real military HO MCI 3 line is a petty quat For going on between the îiottiiighaiiishiiomid Australian cricketers The Australians are, as a matter of fact, in the right but they do not add to the dignity of this position by making a disturbance for a trifle At the county match at Nottingham the Englishmen had not made any provision for the Australians' luncheon 'J boy ought to have a done so, of course he) admits much, and just ml for gets illness Lotta s from Mr Beal, the main ages and Mr Murdoch, the captain of the Australian slow ii, iona! disagreement upon other matters lite Nottinghill missing men cat linly did not treat the Australians with courtesy But, unfortunately, the latter have control ed to establish a chair acts Xoi contained ousness and cockiness This English cricketers Ha) they are too grasping! in money matters, and too apt to stand upon their dignity when it is not called, in question, 