A Chat with Longfellow. (By a Correspondent of the London "Times." I FIRST made the acquaintance of Mr. Longfellow at Naples. We chanced to bo neighbours at a table d'hote, when, af ter some slight conversation on general topics, the poot revealed himself. In truth, tho author of " Evangeline " wanted but little prompting to announce his unquestioned titles to tho public esteem and veneration. In this respect he reminded me of Hans Chris tian Andersen. Both tho men knew they had genius, as a pretty woman knows she has beauty, and they were too thoroughly children of nature to caro about concealing their good opinion of themselves. Those who remember the lives of Wolfe and Nelson will bo aware that this amiable self- consoiousness is not characteristic only of literary genius. It transpired in the course of our discussing macaroni and other things that Mr. Longfellow had planned an excursion to Vesuvius for the following day. I was hesitating to offer myself as a companion when he invited me to join him. I was all the more glad to do so on learning that tho party was to include three pretty Ameri can ladies from Boston. Wo started next morning in two open carriages, myself having tho good luck to be with the poet and two of tho fair Bos tonians. It was a day such as the untravelled Englishman has never enjoyed and can barely conceive ; the brightest July weather of Devon shire would have seemed murky beside the crys talline transparency of the Neapolitan air. Tho sun, indeed, blazed fiercely j but a breeze from the sea enabled us to realise Mr. Matthew Arnold's ideal combination of sweetness and freshness with light. Mr. Longfellow was in his happiest vein ; he talked incessantly, though not in the encroaching manner of Coleridge and Macaulay. I had plenty of opportunity of inter polating remarks and questions, whilo the ladies also stimulated tho poet with thoir vivacious and thoroughly transatlantic prattle. Mr. Charles Reade laughs at the idea of an author's character boing discovered by what ho has written, butin that opinion thero is assuredly some error. In Mr. Longfellow, at all events, I could see no difference between the poet and the pleasant elderly gentleman who was discoursing gaily on all things in heaven and earth ; and, as I listened, a sufficiently obvious reflection was forced upon mo : What was this most perfect product of American civilization but a serious, severe-I had almost said bigoted-Conserva tive, and a most fervent Christian ? Long fellow's talk was his poetry rendered into flowing pro30. I conjured up Paul Fleming in "Hyperion," and, nt length, mustered courage to ask : " Was Paul Fleming a character drawn from lifo ? " Ile paused a full half minute, then answorcd exactly in tho following words :-" Ho was what I thought I might have been ; butlnevor." he shaded his faco with ono hand and did not complete the sentence. From the sadness of tho poet's tone I conjectured that thoro was some im plied confession of failure in Ina reticence. I guessed that ho was; struggling between tho natural humility of a religious man and tho un willingness of a well-brod man to intrude the Borrows of his mind upon others. Mr. Long fellow was right : ho never attained to those cold heights on which he had placed the creation of his fancy ; he found a better resting-place. The younger of the ladies, feeling herself privileged, asked him to recite ono of his own poems-a request with which he laughingly agreed to com ply, " if," he added, " I can remember one accu rately." The same thought came simultaneously to all three of us. " We will prompt you," Ave said, at which, I am bound to say, the poet coloured Avith pleasure. " Well, which shall it be ?" he next asked. Ono of the fair Bostonians selected ""The Belfry of Bruges," another the " Psalm of Life." I begged lum to recite " The Hymn of the Moravian Nuns," on the consecra tion of Bulaski's banner. " Ah," he said, " that is ono of my favourites-if a man can be said to have a favourite among his own poems." Pos sibly out of compliment to my being an English man, he volunteered thelincs on Wellington, which I think are headed " The Warden" in the printed collection of his works. It is not one of his best efforts ; but his manner of reciting it gave it the kind of tune which often immortalizes a poor song. Then Ave had tho closing lines of " Evan geline," John Aldon's courtship in " Miles Standish," and somo iragments of " Tho Chil dren of tho Lord's Supper," gravely and patheti cally rendered. I asked him hoAV long he had taken to compose the " Golden Legend." Ho replied, " It seems easy, doesn't it ?" I answered that I thought tho writer must have absolutely saturated his mind with mediaeval literature, especially Avith monkish legends and hymns, after which, I supposed, tho composition of the poem must havo been comparatively easy. " Well," he rejoined, " you aro about right. The first draft I did in four weeks-not counting thc Sundays-I don't like to work on Sundays-not even to write ahymn. ButI spent about six months correcting-and cuttingdoAvn." The dashes in this little speech stand for the pauses so frequent in Mr. Longfellow's utterances- pauses which were tho result of constant introspection. One fancied tho poet had been asking his conscience whether ho had been telling tho truth and nothing but tho truth. A terribly exact man in moral deal ings with himself- afraid even of an inaccuracy which might possibly cause a follow man to make a mistake 20 years after. At luncheon that marvel of birds and likest to a black swan, a Frenchman, Avho enjoyed and understood English literature, cried out gaily to Longfellow, " You have no business to be a Re publican ! You like BaldAvin, ' Bras do Per,' and Maximilian, and tho old Popes botter than any of your ephemeral Presidents." " I won't take advantage of you," was Longfellow's answer, " by pointing out that Republics are at least as old as Monarchies 5 but consider, the past which Ave now glorify was once as prosaic as the present. Hereafter we shall be the past, and better judged than we have judged ourselves." He was somewhat solemn as he made this little preachment ; and the last words ho spoke with much pathos, as though feeling that he himself was a great part of that present which must eventually be the past, and for which he predicted a just judgment from posterity. We lunched at a small inn on the side of Vesuvius,Avhero the wine, by the way, was not of a kind to fire a poet's fancy. After this we went to sniff and sneeze, in the usual way of tourists, over the sulphurous gases of the water, suggesting a poem on Empedocles and wondering Avhat rhymes LongfolloAV could hammer out for the name of this "young man with the indestructible ¡.boots," as the poet called him. It will be remembered that Mount iBtna threw up ona of his sandals and thus revealed the manner of his death. Our French companion was busy with a paradox of his own as to Empedocles having been a young shoemaker nobly desirous of advertising the wares of his father s shop a l'Américaine-i.e., regardless of cost; and we were about to descend the steeps, laughing over this fancy, when, to oui* con siderable dismay, Mr. Longfellow expressed his intention of spending the night upon the moun tain. Within a short distance of the crater, then only smouldering with occasional unsavoury whiffs and puffs, stood a ruined plank-shed, used in fine weather by a screaming old woman who sold ornaments made of lava, and this place it was that the poet chose for his vigil. Without a smilo on his face, he said, " I want to gather poetic impressions." Wo looked be comingly serious and only begged to be permitted to keep watch with him. " No," Avith two or threo shakes of the head 5 " I must bo alone." A whispered consultation between some members of the party followed. " He is quite in earnest and must do as he pleases," said a brother of the fair Bostonians, and he added that there was no ! danger just then of the greatest of American poets meeting with the samo fate as the younger Pliny. " But tho brigands ?" suggested the Frenchman. " Dear me ! ho will catch such a dreadful cold," chimed in ono of tho ladies. Finally, Ave decided to leave the poet to his reveries, after ordering a Maltese courier to stand sentinel unobserved, within hail ing distance. It is probable that this courier fulfilled, at least, the half of his duties faithfully, for his presence was certainly never noticed by Mr. Longfolloiv. The author of " Excelsior" turned up in tho morning, lookiug none the Avorse for his night's frolic with tho ghosts of Herculaneum and Pompoii ; but he persistently parried overy question put to him as to whether ho had found "inspiration." All ho Avould say was that, on coming doAvn from the mountain, ho had been requested by a gendarme to exhibit his passport, and, being unable to pro duce this document, he had been nearly marched off to the police station. " I purchased my liberty for two liro," ho remarked, smiling ; "tho prico of that commodity has decreased sinco Cour do Lion's time." EîOno of tho solicitors practising in our courts-and doing a vory good business, too-speaking on a sub ject appertaining to tho lioonsiuglaAV, obsorvod, ' Tho Govornmont don't want 'em no longer, but I shall bo glad to fall into tho viows of tho bonah, if possiblo." , If ho could fall into tho viows of Lindloy Murray, it would bo woll for him. 