fiiktme (PUBLISHED DAILY.) Echuca : Thursday, November 23, 1882. The late sitting of the Church of England Congress in Melbourne was one fraught with instruction, and of deep interest to every well-wisher of the colony. The syllabus of subjects brought forward for consideration, were, as we pointed out some few weeks since, of a nature well calculated to engage the attention of the most talented thinkers and writers of the day. At the closing meeting the subject to be considered was—"The duty of the Church of England in the circumstances created by the Education Act of Victoria," and various papers were read in reference thereto. Amongst the most important were those contributed by Archdeacon Stretch, Canon Goodman, and Mr. H. J. Wrixon, and the discussion was taken up by the Rev. Silas Mead, Baptist Minister, Rev. C. Campbell, Major Fer gusson, Mr. Pearson, and others, all of whom evinced the greatest interest in the question, and the" necessity of considering it on its broadest basis. By far the most lucid, argumentative, and clear exposition of the. question was the paper read by his Honor Judge ftiginbotham. The manner in which he treats the subject is so comprehensive that no point of any im portance is omitted, and his remarks apply not alone to the Church of England, bat all other religious denominations of Vic toria. These, he considers, have, in re ference to the Education Act, a three-fold duty cast upon them—First, to adheremost loyally to all its essential principles; to abstain from all interference which may embarrass or delay the completion of that great work on a durable basis ; and to uphold its secular principle, resisting every attempt, direct or indirect, which might be made to overthrow it. In the present disunited and disturbed condition of the Protestant Churches it is impossible; to say whether the clergy are not opposed to religious teachings in the State Schools if severed from sectarianism, because it puts aside their influence to a very groat degree, but it is very clearly their duty as far as possible to remove those obstacles which now prevent religious instruction being given. It wants unity of pui'pose, unity of action, and pel-severance to ac complish this; it is a duty in which uot only the clergy, but the laity, should, bp interested; to see to it that the rising generation are not trained up without some idea of their moral and religious responsi bilities ; and the question agitating the minds of thinking men at this moment is, How is this great object to be attained? Mr. Higinbotham contends that the mere desultory reading of the Bible in the schools would not have any effect upon the minds " of young children except as a charm, but that would be the only purpose which it would serve, and it would not, therefore, attain the object sought. This demands first, a complete and definite scheme of religious instruction and exercise' incor porated in the ordinary curriculum of the school, devised and framed by those who propose the change in the existing law ; and second, that it should be laid on lines not less broad than the Christian religion, representing the common faith of every church. Such a system of religiou3 in struction, however, could only be framed hy a union of all the chivy, without de nominational aims or any desire to obtain denominational influence in the State Schools. Such a union we, in common with Mr. Higinbotham, believe to be an absolutely essential condition for the attainment of the object in view—that is, " the teaching of all children in the com munity the law and practice of those primary duties on which their characters should be formed, and by which their lives should be governed." So long as these differences among the ecclesiastical bodies continue it will most assuredly be the duty of all to resist any recognition or favor being shown by the State to any one section of the community. The fact that all denominations may have con scientious scruples to a-purely secular edu cation being given their children, in which religion is entirely omitted, is one of con siderable weight, and the clergy of all de nominations should well consider how far they are responsible for the character of "the present system. In fact, says the same writer, the ecclesiastical systems and the clergy of the Christian churches are largely responsible for the present non religious character of primary instruction in the State Schools. JLUit there is one other paint which should rut be lost sight of, and that is that religion cannot be taught except by the religious, and Civil servants are noc necessarily such—unfor tunately, in many instances, the very reverse. Mr. Wrixon very explicitly pointed out how, in his opinion, the problem might be solved. Ho says— ! "Let all the churches who canumteto have some short simple religious exercise. for all j their children together 20 minutes or so before the school begins. Let the ministers i oh' the different churches take a week in turn (by themselves or their approved deputies) to conduct these services, which %vould include, 110 doubt, a few kindly useful words to the children. If the Christian bodies, 01- a large majority of them, united in this proposal, the Government would readily allow the use. of the schools half an hour before iessons began—a concession strictly within the present law—and would even, T undertake to say, let the secular work begin half an hour later. The parents would, I believe, co-operate to secure a general attendance, which would not \>e unwillingly given by the young people as the children's service would not be a task, but rather a recreation." This could be done without involving the different churches ill any wrangling or jealousies, and if the parents disapproved of the scheme they could keep their chil dren away, and then it would die out. But the success of Sunday schools would point to a different conclusion. If the i people did not desire to be taught f Christianity the bare reading of the civil j service Bibje lesson would not effect it. | Mr. Pearson, another of the speakers, also hit the matter home when he remarked that unless religion was taught in homes it could never be properly taught in the schools, but like most other arguments it only holds true to a certain extent. It is to be hoped that some good may be effected by this important congress, and that the subject will receive that amount of thought and consideration which its importance demands from all classes of the ' community, whether clergy or laity. Erratum.—By a typographical error in our issue of yesterday, E. Mitchell's name was inserted as one of the stewards. The gentle men elected wereMessrs W. Martin, P. Nolan, L. Kickham, G. Cochrane, and Thomas Mitchell. Public Holid ,\\\—This being Constitution Day will be observed as a holiday by the banks and public offices. Telegraph Office Changes.—We have been informed that Mr. Prank Patterson, who has for many years acted as operator in the local Telegraph Oflice, has been trans ferred to a similar position at Colac. His successor is Mr. Raven. Mr. Patterson has be<jn long and favourably known in Echuca as taking a leading part in rowing, coursing, oricket, and other kindred associations, and his removal will create a blank which will not easily be tilled up. Shipping Notes.—The Ooorong steamer cleared the Customs yesterday, and was ex pected to sail during the night for Went worth. The Trafalgar and Agnes are expected to-night 01* to-morrow from the Darling with wool. There were no arrivals yesterday. Lonjv. Shields.—Mrs. Shields, the de fendant in the above case, called oil lis yes terday with reference to our report of whur ! she said ill the court. In our report it says, " Defendant made some remark about plain tiff robbing Tommy -mith and putting him in the-Campaspe, and that his ghost was haunting complainant." Mrs. Shields says that she made no such remark, but that on seeing Mrs. Long pas3 with a Sl-uotc in her hand, s:ie remained, That is one of Mr. Smith's notes through losing hia money he Went, into the " Campaspe ; his ghost will haunt yon." • Police Arrests—Mr. Shackell, O.P., a tended i at .the police barracks y'estei'day, and. remanded..6he man (George Shaw, arrested ona charge of destroying property in Castle maine, to that town. -A woman arrested by Constable Jennings for drunkenness, was discharge 1: - The Children's Concert.—We are re quested to remind gentlemen who have pro mised their assistance at the Concert-to be given by the >tate school children to-i morrow evening that a final.rehearsal, will be held at the Temperance Stall this.evening, ; • \- Dissotirrt--n" ParliAmv3ot—-Murray DisiaiCT.—In anticipation of au early disso lution of the New-South "Wales Parliament a deputation from the electors of tlie Murray district waited upon Mr. James Shackell, of Echucii, on Tuesday last, wishing to know whether, if he be presented with a numero usly signed -requisition from the electors of the Murray district, he will allow himself to be nominated as one of tile representatives of of that district. The deputation informed Mr. Shackell that one, if not both of the pre sent members, Messrs. Hay and Wilson, would decline to alio>v. themselves to be no minated again should a dissolution take place. The deputation further informed Mr. Shac kell that if lie would accede to their request every effort would be made to place him at the head" ;of; the- poll »against all comers. Mr. Shackell promised to give the matter his serious consideration,and would forward his reply in a few days. We must confess that we would much prefer having Mr. Shackell as a representative in Parliament for some. Victorian constituency,' but we have 110 right •to be.selfish in the matter.; We, therefore, congratulate the electors of the Murray- 'dis trict in this choice of one of their candidates. Mr. Shackell isc.an old.coionist ;6f 30 "years standing. . He has always talctn a very active part in all matters of public interest, and has been generally successful in discharging his public duties to the satisfaction of those wiMi wh; ui he has been brought in .contact. V So far as the Murray district is, concerned no man should know its requirements better than Mr. ShackeU does, he having resided in the district for the past 20 years; In the course of a few days, we shall doubtless be 111 a po sition to state Mr. ShackcH's reply to the re quest of the deputation. ;The Water Trust. --At the meeting of this body last evening, Mr. Pas'coe, the Secretary, l-ead a1 letter he had written to the Tr st, de clining to accept the salary originally fixed, viz., £104 per annum, but would superintend the work for nothing. A very Ion* discus sion took place,.in which nearly all the Com missioners t'jok part, some contending that the burgesses should be saved the expense by accepting the letter, but the majority thought that, as the work would involve a great deal of Mr. Pascoe's time, and as, more over, he stated that he would employ a man to look after the work and see that the Trust was not cheated, it was only fair that he should be compensated. Eventually he was requested to withdra w the letter, and accept the original resolution, which he did, and thanked the Trust for their consideration. Election Meeting. — Mr. W. Irving Winter will address the electors of the Nor thern Province this evening at eight o'clock, in the Town Hall. Local Land Board.—A list of app'ications to be heard at the next sittings of the Local Land Board on the 30th inst., appears in another column. Northern' Province Election.—Mr. D. C. Sterry's committee will meet on Fri :ay evening, at eight p.m., at the Palace Hotel. The Defeat of the Pakkks Ministry.— Our Melbourne correspondent writes :—I learn from a friend, who has just returned from the pastoral districts in the north-west of New South Wales, Hint the defeat of t he Parkes Ministry on the Laud Bill was by no means so unexpected in those regions as it seems to have been in Sydney. He says that for some time past the feeling has been in creasing in strength amongst the Crown ten ants on the Darling, the Paroo, the Warrego,. and the Bogan, and in fact throughout the entire dry north western districts of the sister colony, that they were most unfairly treated in having to sink vast sums in improvements, under exceptional circumstances, on a tenure no better than that enjoyed by their more favoured pastoral brethren in the moister districts t:- the eastward. As but little tru'it is placed in Sir John Robertson's willingness to , make any really satisfactory alteration in the Act to which he clings with so much tenacity, and so much determination to ste in it no thing but good, some of the largest run- ; holders in the dry country, about eight I months ago, quietly but effectively organised j a kind of Squatter's League, the cardi nal I point in tlio " platform " of which was fixity of tenure for the pioneer pastoral settler. This having been refused the members interested in squatting joined the Opposition en. maxse, and thus brought about thedefeatof the Ministry. My informant ap pears to think that the ['resent land laws of New Eolith Wales are as unfair to the genuine selector as .they are to the pastoral tenant of the Crown, and l'.-oks upon a re construction of the existing system on a new basis at 110 distant date as altogetho? ineyit] able. 