St. Mary's Cathedral OPENING CEREMONIES. Ora new Sfc. Mary's has been blessed and opened ?with all glad and jubilant circumstance, tbe Church proclaiming her joy in a grand psoan of exultation and triumph. The magnificent fabric, whioh stands in stately grandeur on a matchless eite in the fairest part of our chief city, and in ?whose incomplete yet stately walls is written an enduring history of the devotion, the courage, the zeal, and the generosity: of the Catholics of New South Wales, is no longer to us only a Bplendid.pile of ornamental, stone— it is now the House of the Lord and the place where His glory dwelleth. Brightness and sunshine came as a heavenly benediction with the dawn of the 8th of September, and while the morning was young and half the city slept, ' the people who live up in the steeple' rang out full many a joyful ehime— -with a world of happiness in the first song' of the bells. At 7 o'clock a.m. the formal blessing and dedication, was performed. A felicitous cir cumstance in connection with the blessing of the Cathedral was that a veteran soldier of the Church, and one who had been a companion in arms of the first Archbishop of Sydney, should have been selected to bless the walls and celebrate the first Mass within them. It was a gracious act, and at the same time one of perfect, justice to confer this honour and this sacred duty upon the Venerable Archpriest Sheehy, ?who is a connecting link between the past and the present, and who had taken such an active Bhare in the commencement of the building. The Arohpriest was assisted by Dean Dwyer and Father Fleming, arid a number of acolyte3 arid Borne twentyrfiye gentlemen connected with the choir were also in attendance. As the procession passed around the exterior of the edifice the M Miserere', was sung. Entering the church the Litany of Saints was chanted, and the prescribed psalms were sung when passing round the interior. Mass, of which Dr.' Sheehy was the celebrant, followed: ;: A couple of hours later people, many ; of them! country visitors, began to arrive, and soon the vicinity of - tho Cathedral was a scene, of unusual bustle and life, 'The side walk was lined ?with people, and on the Park facing St. Mary's quite a crowd gathered, some to hear the new bells ringing, some to watch: the people as they entered the new building, and others to listen to the music whioh could be distinctly heard a great distance off. Admission was by ticket only, the highest price being one pound, and by eleven o'clock the Ca thedral was fairly filled, a great number of ladies being among the assemblage. Sir Patrick Jen vii'nrra IT S ft TT.f! TW _ti-. ' TW Ti A .. wKr» WflVfi Vlin knightly costume, his Honor Mr. Justice Fau cett, the Hon. Sir John Robertson, Minister for Lands, Alderman D. O'Connor, M.L.A., Mr. W. A. Duncan, O.M.G., Mr. J. P. Garvan, M.L.A., Mr. P. Hogan, Mayor of Eedfern, Mr. T. M. Slattery, M.L.A., Mr. Heydon, M.L.A., Mr. J. M'Loughlin, M.L.A., Mr. Loughnan, M.L.A., the Hon. Dr. O'Doherty, M.L.C., Queensland, and Sir Edward. Strickland occupied places in the front benches, and among the other distinguished gentlemen who attended during the Triduum were Sir ' John O'Shanassy, M.L.A., Victoria, and Mr. William Forster, M.L.A. On the opening day, as well as on Saturday, a num ber of Sisters of the various orders were accommodated with seats near! the sanctuary. There, facing us as we enter and turn into the nave, is the sanctuary with its rows of steps, its rich carpeting, its great High Altar of snow white purity, looking the perfection of ehasteness and beauty, and its throne at the western side with the Archiepiscopal arms emblazoned on the overhanging canopy. A glance around the building shows that those entrusted with the ar rangements were believers in the aphorism, ' beauty when unadorned is adorned the most,' and it was pleasing to note that while everything was done to heighten the interior appearance of the Cathedral, there was no attempt at mere show or artificial display. The altars in the chapelB were deoked with a few appropriate ornaments, and even on the High Altar there wore only a. row or two of candlesticks, new and bright, and a few golden vases filled with flowers, the rarest and the loveliest of the season. About eleven o'olock the priests and acolytes, and others who were to assist in the ceremonies of the day, as sembled at the Seminary and marched in the di rection of the Cathedral, being joined by the Arohbishop and Bishops, who had met and vested in the presbytery. The exterior circuit of the building having been completed, the procession entors tho Cathedral at the western side. . _ .'j .. .... -. i A burst of musio announoes its arrival, .and: as the imposing pageant moves through, the spacious. edifice the fine 'Triduum March,' com. posed expressly for the occasion by the musical ; director, Mr. J. A.Delany, is performed. What a glorious and thrilling spectacle ! and see in the very front of the procession is borne a superb banner of gorgeous beauty; a banner fringed with heavy gold, and with ornamental work of tho richest kind encircling a picture of Mary Mother, the Immaculate Queen of Heaven. How it glitters! and there r amongst the acolytes who follow, is carried a banner of the Sacred Heart, and after that are others rich inartistic gold, and beautiful in design and finish. The. priests walk in order, the dignitaries being last. A long and picturesque line was that of the. clergy, who numbered one hundred, many of whom were venerable looking men, who were of commanding presence, even in such a throng, with the white hairs which are the crown of age, and with a re cord of lengthy and : faithful service of which they and the Church may well feel proud. Here and there one noticed the brown habit of the Franciscans ? and' Bedemptorists; Fathers of the Society of Jesus, of the Order of Mary, of the Order of St. Benedict, of the Carmelite Order, mingle with their secular co- labourers to add honour to the blessing of: the church in which' they . have all a common pride. The youthful priests, ? full of zeal : and fire with bright face and light walk,- were fol lowed by the old missioners with feeble frames and tottering steps, and after Monsignor Lynch and the Very Eev. the Vicar-General came the Bishops, of Brisbane, Eoekhampton, Armidale, Wellington, N.Z., Goulburn, and Maitland, in rich copes and mitres, attended by their chaplains. The next figure is a venerable one — the Right Eev. Dr. Quinn, Bishop of Bathurst, arrayed in full pontificals, for he is fco be the celebrant of the MasB, and accompanying him is the Vener able Archpriest Shoehy, and- the other assistant ministers and acolytes.' Then slowly, but with stately step, advances the Archbishop of Sydney, with jewelled mitre, golden crozier, and em broidered cope, leaning now and then on his pas toral staff, and blessingthe congregation, who kneal as tie approaches. Arriving at the sanotuary^ the' Bishops were esoorted to their places on the Epistle side of the altar, aridthe clergy were ar ranged in rows at either' aide, and some at the bottom of the sanctuary steps, while: the Arch bishop took his position at ; the throne. During the Triduum hisLordship the Eight Rev. Dr. Quirin, Bishop of Bathurst, was attended by Father Corcoran ; Right Rev. Dr^ Torreggiani, Bishop of 'Armidale,1— Father Patterson ; Bight Eev. Dr. Eedwood, Bishop of : Wellington^ New Zealand— Pere Joly, S.M. ; Right Eev. Dr. Lani gan, Bishop of Goulburn— Prior Butler ; Right Eev. Dr. Cani, Bishop of Eockhampton, Queens land— Eev. W. Eelly, S.J. ; Eight Eev. Dr. Murray, Bishop of Maitland — Father Kearris j Right Eev. Dr. Dunne, Bishop of Brisbane, Queensland — Rev. 0. M'Carfchy. Eighty-two of the priests of the Archdiocese, attended, and it will thus be seen that only four or five were absent. Among the visitors from the neighbouring dioceses were the Very Eev. Dean O'Keefe, Very Eev. Dr. Bermingham, Goulburn ; Very Eev. Deans Doylo and O'Connor, Armidale ; Very Rev. P. Hand, Father Kearns, Father Corcoran, Father Nealon, and Father O'Neill, Maitland j Eev. Father O'Donovan, Father Corcoran/ Father J. Kelly, Father M'Namarra, Father P. Kelly,' Bathurst. ; The visitors from the other colonies were the Very Rev. Dr.' Seville, O.S.A., V.G., Sandhurst, Victoria; Very Rev. Prior Butler, Victoria ; Eev. Thomas Cahill, S.Ji, Victoria ? Eev. Father O'Oonnoll, Eev. A. M. Sullivan, O.S.B., New Zealand ; Eev. J. Sheehy, Tasmania ; Bev. W. Dunne, Tasmania ; Eev. Father Carroll, Vic toria'; Eev. Father Scbrtechini, Queensland ; and the Rev. Father Vigouroux, S.M.j New Caledonia ; also the Rev; Anthony Strele, S. J., Father Neu bauer, S.J.; Father O'Brien, S.J., and Brother Ebershard, S.J., of the new Port Darwin Mission. With the exception of the Franciscan Fathers and Prior Butler, who wore their habits, the clergy appeared in soutans and cottas fringed with lace; and; the acolytes in their dresses of crimson and white prettily grouped on the steps of the sanctuary gave an additional charm and variety to the scene. The solemn ceremonial of Pontifical High Mass, at all times impressive, was made still inore effec tive by the vastnasB of the structure, the excellence of the 'music, and the splendour of the surround ings. Anything more affecting and beautiful it would be almost. impossible to imagine. Never again perhaps, in the history of St. Mary's, will the sanctuary colleot at| any single rite so lat-ge, so distinguished, and so picturesque a gathering of pastors and chiefs and soldiers of Jgbus Christ. Arid on this great day of joy, the splendid ser vices of those whose efforts on (behalf of the Cathedral were so heroic, and so fruitful, should riot be forgotten. The lay collectors who for yearB and years toiled with unflagging zeal should be gratefully remembered, and with them Arch priest Sheehy, the lamented Dean M'Oarthy, and the Eev. /. Eiordan, and others. The sucoess of the collecting tours, undertaken by the Dean and Father Eiordan, entitle them to'lasting gratitude. His .Lordship the Bishop of Bathurst was assisted by the Rev. J. P. Fitzpatrick, O.S.B., deacon, Rev.. Father Ginisty, S.M., sub-deacon. All the ceremonies, faultless from first fco last on this occasion as on the other days of the ' Triduum,' were marked by a perfect grace and regulirity that impressed all beholders, and the whole credit of this is due to the Very Eev. Dean Dwyer, O.S.B., and tho assistant master of ceremonies, Father J. Fleming. ? During the elevation the sanctuary presented a magnificent appearance, tho '. prelates: :: and':: 'assistant;: :Fathers;Jrr. -their ;'yeB.t-'' ments of white and gold, the scarlet-robed acolytes bearing lighted1 torches, the High Altar with' it's lights; and flowers, the : delicate plouds of fragrant incense floating through the air, and the gold-tinctured hues of the morning sun as it poured in ibs quota of decoration through the tinted windows, all made up a picture of solemn loveliness and holy grandeur such as '? once seen dwells forever in the recollection of an enraptured heart. All the vestments worn by the Archbishop, as well as those of the officiating ? prelate and the deacons, were new, having been made by the Sisters of the Good Samaritan for the Cathedral. In design they are chaste/ and the work is in the highest style of this branch of, art. ; Most of the prinoipal ornamentation was executed by the reverend mother. One .of the most handsome of the banners carried in the pro cession, and on which a wealth of skill and labour had been expended, was made and presented by the Sisters of Mercy, St. Patrick's. Laying aside mitre and cope, and appearing in purple mante letta and rochet, the Bishop of Wellington; after the gospel, approached; the. front of the sanotu-; ary and preached the . dedication sermon j after which the offertory: was made. It was, stated that the amount obtained was £2269 including four donations of £100 each, the Archbishop heading the list. . The total i amount cleared by ? the three days' services, including each day's ticket receipts, was about £5000,: and this will reduce the Cathedral debt to. something like £2000. ' . , THE MUSIC. And now when we come to the music which lent so much grace; dignity, and brilliancy to the ? opening of the Cathedral, we feel how perfectly incapable we are of expressing our profound sense of admiration, or of recording in anything like a fitting manner the gloriously triumphant success of our Catholic choirs. By all— by prelates,: priests, and laity, as well as by critics and enthu siasts— it is admitted that the music of the Triduum surpassed in majesty, beauty,? artis tic completeness, and effectiveness, even the gorgeous and wondrously splendid Banctuary ceremonials. Unparalleled as it is unapproaohed, the great performance of our church singers stands unique in the history of the Church and music in Australia. To follow even in a captious mood the music of the three days, from Kyrie to J-ona , Nobis, would be only to mark an unbroken and unvarying succession of successful and commendable, efforts; for it was not merely here and there that the singing and the playing. rising above the accustomed level sent a thrill of delight (through the heart, and moved the soul : the excellence was uniform, and the grandeur sustained. ..When preparations wore commenced for the opening of the Cathedral, the members of all the Catholic .choirs in the city and suburbs ? assembled at St. Mary's, and a chorus of nearly 300 voices . was , formed,, and Mr. J. A. Delany, a native musician of high reputation, and who. was for some years organist of the pro-Cathedral, was appointed conductor. Good and patient work was done at the rehearsals held night after night in the seminary, so that when the opening day came with, all its pomp and circumstance, the holder of the baton, having all his forces properly trained, and well under command, marshalled them in their full strength, and led them on to victory. The choir was stationed on the eastern side of the church, and the arrange ments were all that could be desired ; a platform fer the soloists, and a large stand for the rest of the singers, having been erected. Mr. Thomas P. Banks was the organist, and the orchestra was composed of the following musi cians : First' violins, Mr. W.- Rice, leader, Messrs. Miller, Fischer, Kuster, Glucksman, and Her mittr; second violins, Messrs. . Delany, Schimmel, Croft, and Luigi ; violas, Messrs. Rice and S.ohimmel ; contra bassi, Messrs. White, Crook, and Minton ; flauti, Signor Pagnotti and Mr. Coady ; clarionetti, Messrs. Choville and Vessey ; Fagotto, Herr Andrejeovic ; saxaphqne, Mr. S, Hodge ; cornet, Messrs. Sweetman and Gaff - ney ; alt horns, Messrs. Widner, and Green ; trombone, Messrs. Pennel and Schapter; tym pani, Mr. Brodie. On the opening day Haydn's Imperial Mass was performed, and there was not a bar that had not justice done it, principals, chorus, arid orchestra working together in the most perfect harmony, and aUobedieut to; every stroke of the conductor's baton. Mrs. F. Eiley sang at the offertory Bauer's ' Ave Maria' in a Btylo that was deeply devotional arid highly artistic, and the great ' Hallelujah ohorus 'was given at the termination of the Mass, during which the solo parts were sung byMiBS Moon, Mr. F. J. Hallewell, Mrs. Hunt, Mr. Frank Brewer, Mrs. Eiley, and Mr. W. O'Sullivan. , At the evening Bervioe MiBS Moon sang Oarmusci's 'Salve Eegina.' On Saturday morriirig: the ' Kyrie' 'Gloria' arid 'Credo' were from Merca dante's Mass/ and the remaining' portions from Gounod's ' Messe Solennelle' (all of which were grandly given), with Humel's 'Alma Virgo' at the offertory, performed ' by Miss Sherwin arid chorus. Messrs. Hinohy, Brewer, J. H.! Flynn, M'Lean, and J. A. Gread: were the soloists. Sunday's mueic was pronounced by all to be the best overheard in any -church in the colony, and in fact it is considered that a more perfect or more soul-stirring performance of the immortal Twelfth Maas of Jthe great German master, is barely pos sible in any part of the world. Tho soloists were Miss Moon, Mrs. Banks, Miss Hunt, Mis3 F. Nowlan, Mr. Hallewellj Mr. T. O'Sullivan, Mr. J. Hmchy, Mr. M'Oarthy, and Mr. M'Lean. To the efforts of the oonductor, Mr. Delany, the secretary, Mr. M. J. Fitzpatrick, the Rev. D. P. Quirk, M.A., and the gentlemen of the executive oommittee, Messrs. J. A. Gread, E. M'Czmville, H. Magney, F. W. Addy, P. C. Curtis, W. J. Fitzpatrick, R. Cashin, J. Schimmel, J. Doyle, and J. Prendorgast (librarian), the suc cess of the Triduum musical services is in a very great measure due. Owing to the extraordinary length of the reports of the ceremonies proper arid the sermons an extended notice of the wholo of tho musical performances is unavoidably held back from publication this week. :^-.«;.w.w:BISHOBrKBn^ ' 'The 'Eigtil'EevT DrrE?dwooa7Bi8Kop of Weir ? ' ' ' -'? lington (N.Zi)V:then!advari'ced:to{the.Btep8.;of'the ?,;(!, -.;il* sanctuary and' delivered a: discourse, based on ithe .:L:r .: 't words of the AppstleB'fGreedi ' I believe in Jesus - wr, Christ, !the ;only Son:ofiGod;^q:He, said :— All i:i Sea tho .ceremonies of 'ithe; Catholic Church are admir-. » :?-:? q:e ? able for their deep Isignificanceir''.Wei'are.:iaB-+':tt'(frI sembled hereto-day, for the 'solemn: opening iand : r^ iioa dedication of this' noble, edifice, r-this ..splendid'SoaoTC pi] e,' the pride 'and .ornament '.of . this: .beautiful ;«;',ii.i m ? city and of -all. Australiai'-iBut .wbatis it,pJ!:WhatMti:av.(V.|' is its* meaning ? What 'great --idea; d6es,cit- en- iiE: ^o shrine P It is a substantial -act 'of .',f aith in- -the pkh?,'S divinity of Jesus :Ghrist.' Mt: is.. the ^temple oof ??! ''.(- mrd Christ — ^ imirieasurably ; moie noble, -? thanlijthe 'uviU-lh temple of sSolomorie-^the :tern pie ^ where;. Christ; MsjoI: will renew daily, iby the (ministry ;-o£ His: priests,1 e.'l.lb)'! tho great1 sacrifice ?: of Calvary'; u where fHecwill ,kooH dwell; a prisoner! of lovei in uour: tabernacles.;^! a wo where He will be ' adored as God -by ::. tHis,h1andj:f I! .: i-.m\% hope, countless other, generations' o£ if aithf ur;and-{ ««n^ devoted - CathqlicBv; 'Suoh:ar.is!o the'o.-nieaningiuft .t-:;n of .this magnificent ;. structures f-It- isjv/i Ih-ff^-ao^ei : deed, called r 'St. .Mary's'1 ;.^?itrf'-:bearsJ4the'i'f:i.Jh«J ,name arid recalls the! :;. sweet-, memory.? -i6£s;tdjj(-i- the .Immaculate ^.Virgin: mpthe'r.M of i'.Gbdi'i -but!».s'j -vk it is primarily and,pre-e'mineritly.!:thejtemplei.iof igisivH. Christ, .and ; to1 :Him-:aldne:it'is' de'dicatedf;-ifor;— '?QKian ? when 'the prelate1 laid- its 'ifouri'datidn/'istoriejithfio ;fcov,' solemnly deolarediit, to ::be' a; place ddo'Btine'dfifo^vra^l! the invooatiori : and praise , of Our Lord 'Jesjis if- ;'bvh Christ.' The great idea,' -then, '.which! iunderlles'/ai^'fs all the impressive ceremonies andsolemri Jpageanfito1?: skf of this day is the' belief in the divinity(6f;.3'esus!iHj;-'y.- Christ. -.'? .That belief is the /central ir.pombaofijbn.oo'1: Christian doctrine, the a?is' rdundvi which ^the ,ab«im other dogmas revolve^: .the' ^foundation:: atone, ont^Msii'.i whichi they stand— we. might ;rather'say/;th&.iey,-:i-i -i-hotti stone of the whole Christian: archD To; profess -ifcjcv (fjxv& is to profess implicitly the. whble.xif Chris'tianityirKi-ikl :io even its extreme; consequences, speculatiye.-iandiv::1!* re? practical ; since, if Christ isGodj His'doctririe andyk':y.q ? His law are so imposed upon us that dttwere.,sao'' .!:::';-i mo $ rilege j either to diminish- or.: adulterate rthem.;.! i:-K;i^ The existence of the: Christian world :is: a 'iaoU.Aoho /.\ooa unparalleled magnitude which one must be blind ?y'wa.zlh not to see ; it equals the immensity. of-the-uni- : i-.fciv. s verse ;' it is everywhere. Like those marvelLbus ,-* -sic :-y% nebuls9 whose gigantic radiations have, peopled!:Ji.'u(:;r. space, it has dilated itself, and from the plains , of .?;;! i;ci:i Judea has Buccessfully filled the earth with; one; -u ~bc\u vast society knit together by one and the same'; ,\:',m doctrine, one and the oame virtue. You are part1-:; .?.?mjts; of ifc, and it io your greatest honour. Cross .the-- Ji-'iorif.? mountains and trafcers between the great conti-Vf 'irij nents, visit tho remoteat islands of the ocean, ?-.: !!;???.??? every where you will find She Cross, and round it ;'.-??- w either multifcudoc or groups, a&ying; in oonoer6j:.-::iv;ii\i: 'We believe in Jeous Ohrisfc our Q-ed ; v?e are. .:;?;.?::! Christians.' And the mr.gmfcudo of fchio Chris- - ?. -iVo tian world is equalled only by its harmony. . All ..,,:! Mia peoples are called, all peoples come into its bosom, -.-:?' :. a. civilized, barbarian, savage — & prodigious variety: -? j'iiili of minds, hearts, passions, tomperc, education, civil ' ' -.ill and political lives. And in this variety what a. irr-^-.o.!! ' wonderful unity ! One creed for every mind, '..aijq and every mouth ; one legislation for. all .?,.?' .o wills, and tending to one object — Christ y. ?!-,!?; St.* 7 one constitution, with tho oame power every- ;- ???.;?!. I ;yj where. On those bankc from which the proud ;: a:.1..'! Eoman or old sent forth hio pro-conoulD to make .. --,;;; I ?// laws for the v/orld an aged man sits enthroned. ?'; -:j^ Be he quiefc or perascuted, in honour or disgrace, hu^ matters not ; his r-ugusfc will io acknowledged by v ???;.';?.;- the true Christian world. Ho io a father, and .:v,-,.-:-x none can hinder hio children in remotest shores ?-.. -,?.-?! from sending him the testimony of their affection. ??, . . i.oii He is a king ; sacrilegious hands kayo profaned -:.--\\\i his sceptre and hie crown, yet none have been ???? ;.,'c able to destroy or weaken bio sovereign authority. '.ru in spiritual matters. Ho is a high prioot, and. -v.-.v despite the efforts of men, tho highest pastors are. , !;-.:??; lovingly subordinate bo his government. He is ? ,-'?;'? an immortal, so to speak, who passes through -. -/.;,.- successive generations. Sufc ycatorday we wept;, ...,,.:, for Pius the Great and the Good ; to day we hail ' ;. ,-,l Leo the Magnanimous and the Strong. But al- ...?.:?.?:-?:.- ways the same father, same king, same pontiff. -^ Surely this immense and harmonious Christian ??''?»ru world is one oi: the greatest phenomena man '??': '';?:? can behold. IIb importance is shown by the .:'????.- -.-i'i efforts of ouv adveraariea to leoaon or suppress ' '?..)- it. If certain unbeliovors are to bo credited,' '.-???-* we Christians are a pov/trleoa sect, a prey to the .-:?-?; deadly disease o£ superstition, an tincompromis- .':'''! ing and closed sect, doomed shortly fco disappear' v ?' ?: before the onward march oi: liberal philosophy, ' '« which flings open its portals to all minds; but,- :??- with glaring contradiction, they use might and ? ?*?-?? policy to persecute and ouppreco our stubborn ' -'??'- vitality, showing by their anirauo fchnt v/o are nob-. ' -nft a sect fated to rapid extinction, bub a world, a ??'?--'??'-&. real world, of all worlds fcho beat organized and- ' -'U' the fittest to live and endure. Now, thia :'-?:«;: Christian world, this stupendous croation, ia the ??''?' ?^?-*-x work of Jobuo Chrisfc. To doubt; it would bo an .:::-?) act, not of reason, bufe of delirium. Yot men have ' ?-??; ??:?-!? been found in our boastful ago ot! enlightenment ;'-'?: reckless- enough to abdicato common oonao and ; - :'-''l declare that Christian faith in bnt a dream, ..-.?ff.hr Christian lovo a phantom ot; t!ie imagination, ':.'?;- Christian perfection the imitation oi a chimera, .' .K.'.':1 Christian unity the reoult oi- obedience to nothing, '.:'.ixa that Christ is only a myth, or i;hafc, at ino3t, He ;V---.; ' has' only a nucleus of historic i-oality — that Ho : :^a\d is but the elaborato production of tho Christian: ,' .'i^t mind through the course of several ages, by a .'r ?;.'-[ long process of refmorjiont and fcransformationj ???.-.alii by grouping in one and tho came individual the ? -..:!? legends, ideas, and Gymbolo of antiquity. Gra- ? . : ';.o tuitous assertions ! Absurd Bj'otem, instantly i'i,-';;x exploded by the grand, v/orldwido hiefcoric fact of ? , .'-:???, Christianity. Why, wo ascend by precise -\ '-.i dates to tho time when tho Gospels woro settled,' / :.r and thus destroy at a blow fchau pretended chain : ?? ,;'.-.'- of ages, in which, according to our sapient. . ?.,..» critics, tho groupment of legends and symbols :.-?:;a was made. Again, tho attitudo of tho Christian ?..',-:-';xx mind in all agco pvoteats against the posDibility of .!!....-.; refinement and transformation, ainco it ia Bum- -.?? ;.'..,? -.-. moned up in these maxima inimical to all novel- ?..- -.o.t: ties — ' Bear v/itneas to v/hat was in the beginning, ,-,'i'j d keep the deposit, avoid profane novelties of wordo, -ni/?'-i hold fast to tho traditions.' (I Tim, vi. 20. \ y;. H : -. ... ? ?;? - ? ? ?;..-:..-. ?...-.;.?....?;.:. ..::.... A ?^iil-U:iH0^0: ffhes., ii. 14.) Lastly, the Christian world is no fleeting phenomenon, but a gigantic, living fact, ever exhibiting the same movements, perfection and harmony. As it speakB of Christ now, so it. spoke of Him in tho middle ages, when faith gave birth to Catholic theology, when love flow to the conquent of tho tomb of Christ, when the great monastic) ordorc roco and became seminaries of Baints, whon tho power of the Holy See stood paramount abovo kingo and emperors. It spoke of Him, too, in thooo terrible ages of bar barian invasion, when the Catholic Church tamed the fierce warrior, and made him a worthy citizen of Christendom. It proclaimed Him its founder and creator in those heroic ages when faith and lovo v/ctored tho Church with martyrs' blood, when the wildornesc blussomed with countless Bainfca, and when tho great controver sies relative to horeoy were settled by a word from Peter'o successor, representing the father and supreme teaoher of Christian society. But enough. My conclusion io evident. Of all historical phenomena tho Christian world is un doubtedly tho moat remarkable. Either it has no canoe, a rank abourdity, or else Christ is its living, personal, proximate, efficient, and total oauae — in other wordo, the Chrictian world is the work of Ohriofc, and of Him alone. The Chris tian world io not fche work of a man, for no man ever did, or evox' will do, ouoh a- work. No fiT*AAfuiT* rtt P.Ttvr nAnArtl r»t* volir?lrt\n lion airnii nt-nMmnJ his work wifeh fcho ouporhuinan character eonspi euous in Christianity. There huv? been (1) schools founded and taught by the e/..'-? of human minds. The illustrious Pythagoras, iLtc melodious Plato, the grave Aristotle, and others, ancient or modern, whose nameo illumine the pages of his tory, have cpoken of Grod, nature, man, the laws of thought and life. Their lessons, collected by reverent diccipleo, have grouped round their re spective oyotemo the mental forces of several generations But those generations were con fined to reserved and narrow precincts ; school soon overthrew school, while fehe din of their idle disputationc passed over tho heads of people Gunk in ignorance and superstition ; the master's genius failed to preserve his thoughts from the jnultilations of private judgment ; the admira tion he inspired, often challenged in his lifetime, and unmingled with love, died out on his exit from the ocene ; hio doctrine often sterile and unavailing, led to no moral perfection ; his life, usually opposed fco his teaching, regulated the life of no one else ; and hio powerless will eould hardly chock the germs of division which threatened hio influence during life, and inevitably conquored after death. There have . been, and there are (2) religions which prevailed over vast countries, and promised to teach millions of folio were the truth in divine concerns. But some, like Hesfcheniom, assumed innumerable different forms, and do fell to naught ; others, like Oriental myoticiom, inhumanly partitioned doctrine, ^reserving for the privileged caste of priest and cage lofty speculation, refined con oeits, and secret mysteries, and flinging to the vulgar^ crowd gross cymbolo to Deduce their im agination and deceive their reason ; others, again like Buddhism, remained fastened to the soil ?nuoiiuu uuey uprung ; otueru, line iYi.anomei.amsm ?were identified with one race, and owed thoir spread to the might of the sword. But none preserved their founders from oblivion, save by insuring to them a veneration in which fear predominated over love, and a barren admira tion devoid of the imitation of their virtues. None exceeded vulgar morality or honesty with out grandeur, oven when they did not conceal, under superstitious practices, and fanatical de monstrations, the vilest paseionc of the people. None resisted the dissolvents of violence and contradic tion, except by aid of human power, which de Bigned to preserve in their bosom the shameful unity of ignorance and corruption. Nowhere, as in the Christian world, do we find that loving, world- wide society, adapting itself to every cli mate and receiving all races into its bosom. No where, that liberal truth for all, which dilates the greatest geniuses and ennobles the popular mind. Nowhere that Master so identified with His doctrine that He calls to His person even the movements of mind, and cannot be put ?aside without a collapse of His doc trine. Nowwhere that spiritual regene rator, whose undying remembrance thrills every man like the work of Christianity — contrast so evident that even the fiercest foes of Christianity are compelled to admit that it is 'the most powerful spiritual creation ever Been. . . the highest of all religions.' Why this difference ?^»'™u f'u 'mil vl mnu tiuu. me worn oi Chriot ? Simply because the Christian world can net be the work of man. Man is too limited in his influence, too thwarted by Mb nature, by time, by circumstances, hy tho failings and passion of men to achieve the conquest of the world. 1. Can a man gain universal acceptance for a teaching of his which is altogether personal, original, myoto- i rious, and identified with his person in the belief of nations ? Impossible. 2. Can fallible nnd perfectible man imposo himself on mankind as the finished pattern and acme of perfection? Impossible. 3. Can a man cause himself to bo loved with tender, truthful, gene rous, devoted lovo when tho charms and focd of love are gone, and withering death has come ? Impossible. 4. Can a mini' survive himself in the constant expression and immutable influence of his own will, so as to preserve the unity of a spiritual society ? Impossible. Four impoesibles ; yet facts ! Effected by a man of the people, the eon of a subdued and despised pooplo, who died 1800 years ago on an infamous gibbet — by Jesus Christ. Therefore Jesus ia not a more man, but God. That Chriotian world where every exist ence proves the divinity of Christ, furnishes another demonstration of that cardinal dogma, still more simple, clear, and conclusive. It is not dumb like the physical world ; it speaks, and in moat emphatic words deck-res that Christ is God. And ito affirmation io truofc worthy, be ? cause it _ io universal and perpetual, and because ito affirmants are not only in telligent and honest, but generous and horoic. But it may bo said other men before now have usurped divine honours, and have been .- adored by their fellow-men. : Yes, but s wif t j ustipe smote their wickedness; men soon grew indignant at their own degradation, and flung the would-ba gods into the mire. Not so with the God-man whom we adore. His worship haB prevailed, throagh weal and woe, for well nigh 2000 years — for the Christian affirmation is not only universal, but perpetual. The Christian takes the God-man as his ; faultless pattern, and faithfully copies all His virtues, so that he affirms the divinity of Christ as much by his actions as by his words, because ho obeys the practical authority of that dogma, oven unto the most perfect and arduous consequences; which is the sublime of honesty. See tho apostle, fired with the twofold love of God and man, brave every peril to spread abroad the belief in the divinity of Christ ; perils from his kindred, who, with tears and sobs, strive to retain him in their despairing embrace ; perils from his people, unable to understand his de votednees, which they deem folly ; perils in the sea, whose stormy depths he must cross to reach his mission land 10,000 miles from home ; perils in rivers — swollen, l'apid rivers — or pestiferous fens and marshes ; perils from nationB, barbarous | or savage, obstinately rooted in their gross superstitions and ready to shed the apostle's blood ; perils from robbers, crowned brigands, jealous of their despotism and corruption, quickly transformed into ruthless persecutors ; vulgar plunderers, lying in wait to assassinate and despoil the European whose booty they covet ; perils in the city, where he must conceal his , presence, hide himself like a malefactor, for the only crime of being a Christian; perils from false brethren, traders in religion, more eager for fortune than for bouIb— intimidated converts, suborned apostates, ready to betray their brother into the hands. of his enemies ; perils of the wilderness, ?where; wild beasts roam, where the storm roars or the torrents rush ; where the savage barren soil refuses the subsistence of life, whsre hunger and thirst and fear must be endured j perils of isola tion — no heart to whom he can tell his sufferings or confide his hopes, no encouragement from fellow-men— nay, sometimes a forlorn and dis consolate death. O, preacher of the God-man, wilt thou brave this host of perils ?? ' Let me go,' he says ; ' the ends of the earth must hear me, and respond to the cry of mj faifch .- {I believe in Jesus Christ, the onlv Son of GnrJ ' ' Such men are no rarity in the Christian world, but common in every age from the origin of Christianity down to our day. Yet this heroism, conspicuous in the apostle, shines more brightly still in the martyr. Unique marvel in the annals of mankind ! Millions of men, women, ond children — millions, I say — noble and plebeian, rich and poor, learned and ignorant, hare had to choose between death, in the most terrific shapes, and the denial of Christ's divinity. One word could save them ; that word they refused to utter; death, rather, death in fiercest torments. To their last gasp they said, ' I am a Christian, Christ is my God !' And when their dying lips were hushed, then, by the ruddy mouth of their gaping wounds and the crimson Diooa-scream rrom their mangled frames they still cried out : 'Ibelieve.ui Jesus Christ, the only Son of God!' Universally, perpetually, with intelligence, honesty, devotion and heroism, the Christian world affirms that Christ is God. With the nations, with the ages, with genius,, with sanctity, with devotion, and heroism, with the whole Christian world, I too affirm the dogma of the God-man, and I sing with allmy heart and voice — ' I believe in Jesus Christ, the only Son of God.' Yes, Jesus Christ is God. ' We be lieve in Jesus Christ the only Son of God ;' we will continue to believe in Him, to build temples in His honour, to adore Him, to love Him, to serve Him, and lifting up with fearless hand the noble standard of His divinity,, we shall find under its folds honour, civilization, glory, freei1 dom, life, salvation, and eternity. Dr, Redwood then added :— ' I have' now a pleasing task to perform., I congratulate' your learned, eloqiienti and indefatigable Archbishop^ of whom I know you are proud, and I am sure, that I interpret the sentiments of all the Eight Bevl bishops and 'prelates who grace this ceremony with their presence, when, without flattery, T rtflll TillTl * nnWflvFlll in 'Eir/M»b- o-nrl mn»r] i^n£~ ? God and the people '—one who realizes in an eminent degree the Apostle's ideal of a bishop;; in all things showing himself ' an example of, .good- works, in doctrine, in integrity, in gravity, able to exhort in sound doctrine, and to convince the gainsayer;' in short, a prolate who 'vividly recalls those stately and holy bishops once the glory of Catholic England— a Venerable Bede in saint liness and learning, a Thomas a?Becket in zeal, and fearless vindication; of the rights of the Church. I congratulate you warmly, nay lord Archbishop, on the achievement of the great object for which you have worked so hard and 30 weil. I also congratulate all the excellent and devoted clergy of this archdiocese— secular and regular— on their ability and generous coopera tion with their great leader, which have con duced fco so prompt and complete a success. Nor are my congratulations lees for the clergy of the other dioceses of this ecclesias tical province, whose devotion deserves an equal meed of praise. But how shall I oon gratute, in adequate terms, .tho happy Catholics ofSvdnev and the whnln nf Hiia . hwlidinnaaa o The work you have done is great, and you may, and do feel legitimate pride in its .completion, but let mo tell you candidly, it does , not surprise me ; it is what I should naturally expect, when I remember the noble race to which most of you belong. You are the children of dear old Ireland, that always kept the faith ; Ireland, the fair mother of the saints. Yours is a land of saints, apostles, and martyrs— hay, you -are. asmartyred nation— and amid all your titles to honour and glory there is one which you claim, particularly in our day— viz. j. that you are the churoh-builders of.theiworld. No wonder, then; you have/been, true to yourselves hero in Sydney, as in New York, and all over tho continent of North America* The rich with their health, the poor with their hard-earned wages, the widow with her mite, you have reared this splendid edifice for God^ for yourselves, for your children, and generations yet unborn. All honour to your faith and devotion ! I feel that my congratulations are poor at all points except one — they are sincere. I congratu late and thank all those generous and liberal persons of other denominations who have helped to erect this imposing monument, and I assure them that God will bless them for contributing to build a house of prayer, a temple where Jesus ChriBt will be adored and praised, His doctrine taught, His sacraments administered, and the principles of His civilization preserved and in culcated. I also look upon your assistance as a firm protest against those detestable antiChris tian systems now becoming so bold and rampant — systems which profess no difference in kind but only in degree, between a man and an ignoble quardruped— systems favoured and fostered to an appalling extent by a tyrannical secularism in education; and systems fit only to convert society into chaos and men into, slaves or incar nate demons. I also congratulate the architect and contractors. I will terminate with the ex pression of my thanks to his Grace for the honour he has conferred upon me, by inviting me to preach this opening sermon. I regret that I have been so far beneath my theme and the august circumstances. On glancing back at the past I am forcibly reminded of a scene described in the book of Esdras, when the Israelites returned from captivity, had laid the foundation of the second temple in Jerusalem. Many of the ancients re membering the splendour of Solomon's Temple, and despairing of ever seeing its equal again, wept aloud. .Very different are my feelings at the pre sent moment. It is now 28 years since I came to Sydney, a boy about 15 years of age, on my way to Europe for education. I then saw the first Catholic Cathedral of Sydney, and spent the feast of Christmas in it. I remember it well. But what a change now! What a contrast ! And it is not sorrow you or I now feel, but hearty joy at the wonderful progress of our holy faith in this hopeful land, the mother colony of Australia. All honour to the ,holy founders of this flourishing church, of this fertile spot in the Lord's vineyard. All honour to the noble Archbishop who then ruled the compara tively small flock; all honour to the devoted priests of those days, the untiring missioners, the men or arduous toil and travel. They sowed the seed, you reap the plentiful harvest. They had great love for this new Austral land, so lavishly blessed by God, and they had great hopeB in her future. She rose before their mind's eye as a fair queen, crowned alike with the gifts of nature and the higher gifts ef grace. You are realising their fond vision. To this country, flow ing already with milk and honey, the millions of the old world are coming ; all the intellect and material power of our progressive age are pushing it forward to the height of wealth and prosperity. Nor is the Catholic Church behind in the race. To a modest chapel has succeeded a grand cathedral worthy of madiseval times. The joiBiiupB nere co-pay present are Jiving proors of the spread of .our holy faith, and, despite the dark ominous cloud of secularism, the future is rich in promise. The children of the faith are steadily flocking to this country. . The Catholic Church is respected even by those who are not of her household, and, if her credentials are fairly set before them, they will learn to embrace and love her, who was the life and glory of England for over a thousand years. It is your duty to avail yourselves of the golden opportunity to establish the Church most piously in Australia, and by so doing you will confer upon her incalculable bless ings. Catholic truth will make her really free by teaching respect for legitimate authority, the foundation of law and order. The Church brings with her, and . fosters with motherly care, true civilization. She taught Goths and Vandals, pelts and Saxons— she civilized Europe. She is the: salt of the earth and the light of the world, and she. alone can preserve the. modern world from relapse into a second barbarianism far worse than the first. I hail the Church of Australia — so fitly represented by this stately, pile, grand, fresh, and new from the mason's hand— as the earnest and warrant of these happy results;, and I hope that, in God's mercy, she may lone eniov the leadershin of the ereat, nra late who now guides her destiny, and .that she may go on from victory to victory until her final triumph is consummated in the land of the living, in the bright realms of eternal bliss. Amen. ; : When lit up in the evening, the building looked more noble and spacious than it did during the splendid ceremonies of the morning. On the High Altar there were a few rows of glittering, tapers and stands of lovely flowers, and the golden jewelled door of the tabernacle with the crucifix above shone resplendanblyA amidst the lights ana lloral decorations.: The sanctuary was illuminated by moans of tall brightly burnished gas standards with innumerable jets rising from the gilt railing at either side, and which gave this part of the sacred edifice a singularly brilliant appearance. In the morning when the sun pours :in through the great northern window, the strong light is thrown only upon the back of the reredors, and so the evening illuminations .... served to reveal the full beauty of the High Altar and bring out in their perfection the delicately artistic sculptures and ornamentation. At Vespers tho Bishops wore their oumle robes, and the ArehhiHVinn. wVm wnn escorted from the entrance by a long procession, appeared in cappa magna. His Lordship the Eight Rev. Dr. Torreggiani, Bishop of Armidale, in cope and mitre, conducted the vespers, and the Bishop was assisted at Vespers and Benediction by the Eev. Father Ginisty, S.M., and the Eev. J. Sheridan. The Very Eev. Dr. Quirk, O.S.B., and the Eev. J. Dunne were the cantors on Fri :day,;andalso.on,the succeeding evenings. All the Bishops were present with the exception of tho Kight Key, J)r, Quinn, who not being I ??'.''? ~) very Btrong in health, was fatigued after the great ' ' Pontifical Mass. The Vespers were sung better than we have heard them given for many a year past, the principal chanting being dono by a special choir of picked voices stationed in the aisle to the right of the sanctuary. It is worthy of note that the vesper choir, which aquitted itself very creditably, was trained by Mr. J. Cashin. Prior Butler, the eloquent Carmelite, whose fame as a preacher has travelled all over the colonies, came from Victoria at the request of the Archbishop to deliver a discourse in the Cathedral. PBIOB BUTLER'S SEEMON. The Very Eev. Prior ButJer, O.C., preached the evening sermon, taking for his text Genesis ? - xxviiiVAnd Jacob said, indeed the Lord is in this place and I knew it not. And, trembling, ho said, how terribb is this place, thisjis no other but the House of God and the .gate of Heaven. And, arising in the morning, Jacob took the stone which he had laid under his head and set it up ' ; for a title, pouring oil upon the top of it, and he made a vow, saying,, this stone .which I have set up for a title shall be called the House of . God.' ' The sun had set in the heavens aB the patriarch Jacob, who was fleeing from the wrath, of his , brother EBau, took of the stones that lay at the place between Bersabeo and Haran, and, putting them under his head, slept. He had obtained his father's blessing and taken the birthright from his brother, and, now, wifch the blessing upon ; him, 'he has to flee to Mesopotamia to escape the threatened death. Wearily he caBts himself on the ground after his day's journey and so on he slept. With heavy heart the young man had left his fond father, Isaac, and his , loving mother, Rebecca, and as a wanderer sought shelter in the land of a stranger. But the great promises that were to be fulfilled ' in him and his posterity had watching over them and him an eye that sleeps not. The God whom he adored, even in his hour of darkest forecast and abandonment, did not fail to bring comfort to the youthful Jacob, and hope out of tho very discomfort which surrounded him. For Io ! as he slept, a vision of 'a ladder standing , upon the earth, and the top thereof touching heaven,' appears, and also the angels of God ' ascending, and descending by it.' Oh glorious vision that presented^ itself' to the spirit of Jacob as sense lay buried in sleep. The ladder 8tO)d on the earth and reached to heaven. Was not earth and heaven divorced for four thousand years ? ? ' ajgulf impassable was between them,- butthisyision *- prophetically showed that it was to be bridged, ? nay that it waB to bo the very highway to heaven along which angels descended and ascended. 'And the Lord leaning on the ladder,' spoke to him and said, ' In thee and thy seed all the tribeB of the earth shall be blessed,' and He promised protection to Jacob and 'that He would not leave him till He had accomplished all He had said.' Here then we have God Himself taking immediate interest in the patri arche and renewing to him the promises upon which the whole fate of man de pended. The chain of God's revelation to man, first made in the Garden, is entwined ; link by link, is added on till it eventuates one day in the fulness and completion of a grand whole by which all tribes are to be blessed. And when Jacob awakened out of sleep he said: 'Indeed the Lord is in the place and I knew it not'; and trembling he said : 'How terrible is this place ! this is no other but the house of God and the gate of Heaven.' Mark the effects of the divine phantasm of the night whose effects are as tem porary as the cause producing them. . He had seen God face to face. Tho dread countenance of the Lord had looked upon Jacob — the words Divine had penetrated his inmost soul— the Spirit had manifested tho dim future and un folded the eternal decreeB— the bleaBed One to ? come — who was to be the real link be tween earth and heaven — the Saviour, the protector, the Emanuel, the ' Eedeemer, the descendant of Jacob is once more announced, and one more link is added to the eternal verities. No wonder Jacob cries out awaking, ' Indeed- - the Lord is^in this place.' And as in after times the mountain top of Sinai rocks and trembleB so now doe's Jacob. Fear and trembling come upon him, for he has seen God. What reck1 ed he' then of, the jangrybrother from whom he fled— of the old Isaac and the loving Eachaelr— the perils of the way, the uncertain future, the weary years of hope deferred?.— all. are now swallowed up in this one grand, overmastering, and all-pervading ' feeling of reverence and fear for he has seen the Lord. Poets tell us of the raptures they feel when the mind, carried away by the bright yisious of fancy, revels in the creative regions of thought. Painter and sculptor and arohiteofc have too experienced the magic enchantment that visits the thought, or the ideal beauty on their conception. Men under great natural excitement or swayed by one absorbing thought have done and dared things almost above human ? but what are all these feelings and thoughts to that produced in man as he gazes for the fii'Bt time on the dread unknown Almighty Being, whose beauty ravishes tho cherubim, whose power creates and sustains all — whose will directs — whose love embraces, and whoso great- ' ness is commensurate with His infinitude? Jacob feels the sanctifying efTocts of that Divine presence — nay, even tho very place whence the vision appears becomes holy and is t he house of God, and the gate of Heavon. Grace as well as reason here ? speaks through tho patriarch. ' The place whereon thou standest is holv ground' is the pronouncement not alone of God, but it is tho assertion of a fact recognized by rea son and religion. 'How terrible ia this place,' says the patriarch ; ' this ii; no other but the house of God and tho gate of heaven— -and I knew it not.' He fears lest any action of his or thought whilst in tbab holy place was not in accordance with the Almighty presence snd the angelic : visitors. Quickly he rises from tha ground where J he lay ; and taking the flask of oil ho pours it on tho top of the stono which ho sets up as a title to all times of the vision of the sanctity of tho' place and tbe promises then given, and he makes vow 'that this stone shall be called the house of God.' How naturally he obeys tho impulse of . ;, grace, and the dictate of nature to commemo rate for over the favour shown him! He might havo risen from that; favoured spot and sped on his journey to Haran disregard ing or forgetting the wonders of the night if the spirit of modern miscalled philospohy had stopped to reason and criticise ; but Jacob had stood face to face with God and wa8 as certain of the verities heard and seen in the vision as he was of his own existence. Therefore did he com memorate them in the pillar set up and annointed as a testimony that in his 'seed all the tribes of the earth should be blessed.' The vision, the atone that was annointed and set up, and the patri arch were all but types of another ladder, another rock, and another Tnrcob. Jacob had obtained his father's bloemin:; mul ut his dosire left homo to escape his brother's anger — he falls asleep tired ' bv his iournev, sees tho ladder reachine from earth to heaven with angels on it, and God resting on the, ladder. Jacob awakes trembling, declares it the house of God— -arinoints and sets up the stone and departs on hia journey to Haran whence many years after he returns, the father oE a great people. 1 . Our Divine Lord having re ceived His father's blessing for the work to b.e accomplished by Him, is pursued with unrelent ing hate by men, his brethren. Jacob had de prived Esau of his birthright, but the real Jacob ?was to give this back' to his brethren, and still 1 they conspired against him. On the night of the Last Supper, wearied and oppressed with grief, He left the banquet hall to journey alone through the dark shadows of the grave and the torments ; of Calvary. Man's fury was about to fall on Hiria and He retired for a moment to give but time for His enemies to collect their forces and plot their schemes of vengeance. 2. Jacob falls asleep on his journey, but Christ allows hot weary nature this boon on the journey He makes — the apostles may sleep and take their rest, but sleep is not to visit His weary eye or pour its soothing balm over ' His troubled spirit. Yet he too falls to the eartjh stunned, not by atay force of nature, but by the accumulated weight of man's sins. In the dar,k hours' of night amid tbe deep shadows of the olive garden, there arose before the mind of 'Christ the darkest, fellest, most hideous vision that ever yet met mortal gaze. Jacob's was one of delight and pleasure, Chrises of agony, and blood, and cruel death. As the Streaming eyes of the God-man are imploringly up turned towards heaven — His tongue calls out in that r heart-breaking wail of utter deriliction, 'Father, if it be possible let this chalice pass.' TWon'a flximoa nar-nnrl litn nnmoliirlflflnH Tnonnter un. even to the throne of eternal justice. Who's to stay that uplifted arm ready to strike man? who1; is to send the ministering angel* on errands of mercy ? who to open the barred gates of Heaven and bring blessings on this accurBod earth ? See the weary, heart-broken agonised Saviour, who is to effect all thiB. He turns in anguish from the ' vision before His soul — the bitter ehaliee is forced to His lips, and He must needs drain it to the dregs, 'nevertheless not my will but thine be done.' 3. An angel now appears to comfort Him, but what oomfort can be given ,to Chat soul which the Heavenly Father has abandoned to every species of torture ? If legions of angels must come, rather let them be tbe swift messengers of wrath on those guilty men who are ' heaping so many torments on the all- innocent and holy One. Vision of dread mystery seen by Jacob ! What means that ladder standing on the earth and the top thereof touching Heaven ! The ladder was the connecting link between earth and Heaven. Earth was utterly removed from ' Heaven by man's fall — anger, vengeance, unap peased justice on the one side, and on the other disobedience, revolt, guilt, death, and hell. Man and God were enemies— nature and Grace were also aliens. In the mystery of the Incarnation esrth and Heaven met — ' justice and peace hath ' kissed.' The only begotten Son of God left Heaven and took on Him humanity, bone of our -; bone, flesh of our flesh— He rested in the taber nacle of men. The ladder of Jacob rested on the r eirth, and lo ! here is the perfection of the type. ?? - ' TC U**nTf%-*% «*^-ma 4-rt l*a ?tninar] f.rk nnrf.Vi f.Vi ava 'wn.a'nn 1 other way except by ' bringing together God and man in one person. 'The Lord leant on the ladder' — the Divinity ovorshadowed the 1 Virgin of Nazareth, and the adorable Son com ' : ing from the clouds as dew descending from ? on high became man in the chaste womb of Mary. Now was accomplished the vision, 1 for a way, a royal way, a path of angela, a '?': road of Balvation for poor fallen sinful man to reach the mercy scat, was established ; and amidst the gloom of terrors of that garden agony the Lord Jesus oponed for us this path of forgiveness and reconcilement. His passion purchased for us every grace, and from that moment forward the angels of God assume new functions as mes sengers of mercy and grace. What a glorious vision of Christian truth ! Wot a poor child of Adam but has waiting on him one of those angelic spirits. You may wander through tho mazes of error, and sound the depths of every vice, and throw off every restraint and trample on every law. Yet but send forth one sincere sigh of sorrow, and immediately angel handB bear this aloft to the mercy seat of God and descend with, the grace of Jesus pur chased for us 'by His sufferings. In the Etillj hours 'of the night,, in the lonely forest, over the trackless waste, on the dizzy mountain ? ? top, amidot the busy haunts of men, the daily, ?/?fciil, the joyoas feast, the oares, the sorrows,! the ?' duties of life, angels are ever by our side to inspire good thoughts, to elevate the soul to God, to cheer us in life's weary pilgrimage, to oomfjrt us with hope, to soothe our sorrows, to : ,- ! oalm our passions, to pour the oweet balsam of grace on our crushed and broken spirits, and to boar our trembling aoula aloft to the boBom of God. All this has been purchased for us by Christ. The vision of Olivet and the sorrows of 1 ' ' - Calvary were the true ladder that bridged o'er ?: /- fche gulf between earth and heaven. ' When y/-- ?-???????.;.? ? ' ? ? ' ? ? ? ? - ' Jacob awakened out of his sleep he said, ' Indeed the Lord is in this place.'' The feelings of terror which seized the patriarch, the words of wonder, the vow made, all seem to have but one end, a mysterious one, no doubt, and that is to attri bute what ho had felt and seen to tho place itself, and the stone on which he slept. ' How terrible is this place, this is no other than the house of God, and the gate of Heaven.' And he took tho Btone and set it up, pouring oil on the top of it. In what way is this type accomplished ? How was the vision fulfilled in Christ ? We havo a house of God, a gate of Heaven, a stone set up and annointed, words of deep import and significance. Have we not Jesus Christ perfecting this ? Why did He come into this world? To save men. How came they to be saved ? By their belonging to that Church which He set up in the world— the pillar and the ground of truth— tha rock againBt which the gates of Hell should not prevail. He annointed this ohuroh riot merely in oil but with the laver of regeneration— in His own blood. For Ho died that sho might truly bo His one fold, the gate of Heaven, the House of God. The ladder of the vision was the means of communication between God and man. It reached to Heaven but it .rested on earth.. Soo then how Christ accomplished this. He took not a mere stono, but a man Peter, and Ho con stituted him a rcok on which an indestructible edifice was to be raised. Who will dare smile at the patriarch, setting up the stone on which hia head rested and blessing it; and who dares challenge the other and greater Jacob who has set up a testi mony and a rock whi«h is to serve aB an infallible and never-failing memorial of God's grace to man, and of blessings to all ? How feebly indeed did the stone set up by the patriarch represent the House of God and the gate of heaven. See though the new Jerusalem which Christ founded— the reign ©f God was banished from man's heart by sin, pride, passion —the demon ruled the world, but a lasting dwelling place was set up here belovr — the King dom of Grace, which is the vestibule to that of Glory, has been built on the foundations laid by Christ and His apostles. And lo ! all the tribes of the earth partake of the blesaings of this Kingdom of Christ's. In this Kingdom and House of God the moat intimtt* connection oxists between earth and Heaven. The prayers of those who ara on this earth ar« borne by tha angels to the Golden Altar and as sweet incense they ascend before God ; and within that Holy of Holies the Eternal High Priest Jesus ever lives, making intercession for us. The power of the Most High rests in this House of God ' All power is given to Me in heaven and on earth — I give it to you.' ' Eeceive ye the keys of the Kingdom of Heaven. What soever you shall bind on earth it shall be bound in Heaven.' 'Whatsoever ye shall loose on earth it shall be loosed also in HeaveD,' 'and he that will not hear you, let him bo to them as the heathen and the publican' — ' and unless a man be born again (in it, by baptism) he cannot enter into the Kingdom of Heaven.' The . Eternal Father looks down with love on this Bpouse of His Son, and the Holy Ghost abides with her while the living' and adorable Heart of Jesus, ever open, beats with love of her, and pours on her the richest showei'B of grace and merey. Truly grand vision that Faith reveals to us poor, weary, wayworn, and oppressed travellers on our journey in the valley of tears! Made sons of God by the waters of Baptism, and receiving the blessing of Our Father instead of the first born, — the bad angels, — we are pursued with unrelent ing hate by them, our only refuge being to flee, to the house of God, and. the place where His glory dwelleth. We have now seen how Jacob, awakening from sleep, set up a memoral of the mercieB and the promises made him. Standing oa that spot before that stone what man would not feel at least some of the patri arch's reverence and terror ? Men who scoff at all religion yet fondly cherish those things which belonged to them, they either loved or admired. This is a feeling we cannot shake off. The fond memories of childhood invest the domestic hearth with its pleasing recollections of the loved ones, who, perhaps, are now no more, and a sacred and holy feeling steals over us as we think of the gentle mocner tnac nursea ana tne lovea tatner who caressed us. And when, perhaps, buffeted on life's stormy sea, with heart hardened and feelings blunted and imaginatioa dull, and that men think we have no soul for such .things ; we see rising in peaceful beauty the ohair, the garden, the home of youth— the poor soul yearns, with the fondest love to visit once more the hallowed spot, and sleep, the sleep of ages neath tha old ivy-clad ruins. Keligion too lends her sanctity to the ennobling feelings. At all times, men have looked upon certain places as specially set apart, for divine worship, where God hears the .prayers of men, and inclines more favourably to their petitions. It was this spirit influenced David to build a temple and Solomon to accomplish the holy wish of his father. It is this feeling made Jacob set up and anoint the stone, and make vows upon it. It is for this purpose we are assembled in thiB grand temple, whoao stones havo boon set up by faith and charity, to attest for all time the mercies, the glory, and the promises of God to us, His children. Jesus Christ, the Redeemer, the Saviour, the preserver of His loved spouse, tho Church, ever , dwells with her, and she in pro Bence' _of her Q'od ever feels the love and reverence towards Him that Jacob did at' the- vision. , She feels within her his eyer-abiding .ppirit. Yea, has He not invented by a;my,8tery(.oi loyo a way in. which He lives on earth really, 'truly, and substantially as He did for those, 33 years of His mortal life on .earth ? He has not only given us His blessings and pro tection but His very self. Heaven,and earth are no longer apart but connected — humanity and God are united, and the God-man dwells in our tabernacles. Do we now wonder at the Catholic Church setLing up memorials and pouring oil on the temple stones, and calling them the ' House of God and the gate of heaven P' She does it because sho coes and feels tho divine presenco in her midst, and in every place that Jesus and His adorable human heart are, she lavishes: what; treasures she possesses in setting up a testimony of her love and gratitude. In the ages of faith! see what she baa accomplished. Every art and science lent its aid to. express the full feelings of her gratitude, her reverence, her adora-' tion, and her love. She conceived the pointed arch as it rose from the clustering pillars— the fretted roof, the xnullioned window, the deftly intricate tracery, the slender shaft, the groined aisles, the richly- tinted and gemmed windows— the massive tower and its spire spring ing into the clear sky like the soul which pants to mount on high, the dome poised in mid-air — tho vestments, the incense, the music, the speaking marble, the glowing canvas — the grand liturgy, the white-robed priests, the mitrod prolate?. What are all but to give expression to that of the text, 'What shall we render to God for all He has given ?' The envious Judas may say, why ' is its price not given to the poor ?' Why spend so much in- raising this temple? Why not be content with , a hall of assembly ? Wo raise thiB temple so graceful in its propor tions, so conspicuous in site, so costly in its outlay,, because this is not a House for man, but for God. Here He dwells. It really and fully realizes the vision of Jacob. Poor sinner, have you sunk down in the way of life's journey, overcome by your many enemieB P Sin may have spread its deadly shade on your soul, and the demon claimed you as his own — sorrows may press you down, friends betray, loved ones perish, sickness enfeeble, pa6sion enslave, evil example seduce, and away in the wide cold world there is ho hope. If you look to the past you have but a. record of graces neglected or abused; if to the present, a soul black and hideous ; if to the future, an eternity of misery. What hope, what comfort is there ? Oh, yes, arise at onoe, and come into the place. 'It is indeed the house of God.' When you enter shut but all worldly cares — close the eyes to earth, and open them to what Faith re veals in this place. Here is the ladder by which to reach Heaven. You are pressed down with sorrow and sin, but here is means of arising and becoming once more a child of Ood. In this holy place you can partake of the full merits of the crucified One. Let sorrow for the past be joined with the confossionof those sins. Andlo ! you rise from this place sanctified. The sacra ments are the great means by which the merits of Christ are applied to us. Oh how many a guilt-laden soul will enter this sacred edifice, seared by years of sin and crime, in whom all hope is extinguished, and will leave it new rtlflftnsfld in thfl blood of the larah — an obiflfif; oF wonder and joy to those ministering angels who oo late bore aloft the sinner's sigh of repentance and his tear of sorrow. Oh the wonders wrought ia the converted one ! That which was the habi tation of foul demons, the fetid abode of rotten ness, uglinesB, becomes the dwelling of the Deity and the resting place of God. Life animates the dead, and forth from the tomb comes the spirit radient in all the beauty of sanctifying grace. Here our sweet Mother Mary looks with fondest affection on her penitent children, and brings us to Jesus for His blessing and His Grace. But ab»ve all here dwells the Lord of Glory. On the mountain top of Sinai when God descended, the dread command went forth that no one should approach its cloud-covered holiness. God then was a God of terror, now He is one of love and and gentleness. Terror, fear, and all those feel ings which inspire awe accompanied the presence of Jehovah. Hence the Patriarch trembled on awakening. Now He dwells in the tabernacle the prisoner of love— He who rides on the cherubim and rules heaven and earth and fills all with His glory yet deigns to remain with us and be our food. What then shall we render , to God ? How commemorate this abiding presence, amongst men? You Catholics of Sydneyrgive the answer to-day. Your warm, large-hearted,, and most generous respo-ise to the intrejpid'and laborious undertaking .of the great prelate who rules over you, is this magnificent pile ;which is. now set up and anointed as the, ,cl welling place of God and the gate , of Heaven; ,Ypur fathers, in. days past, had mapy a hW^, battle to fight in this land to' keep inviolate the sacred fire of faith. IVTanv of vou have some from a counti'v whoso only. glory has,, been .for centuries the ' cross of JeBus. Carrying that. faith, and the.saorod pro mises annexed, over the traokless ocean, you planted it on these shores amidst tears and poverty. You were here, like Jaoob on his way to Haran, strangers in a foreign land, but still children of pro mise. ' Man lives not by bread alone' — the inner consciousness of right, tho infallible pro mise of a never-failing faith, tho abiding spirit of truth here, and tho future hopes of blessing, are what buoy men up against difficulties, and nerve them to suffer, and finally triumph. Is not this the otory which history tells of the early struggleo of Catholicity in theso colonies ? Les3 than 00 yeara ago an advereo fate brought to these very shores some poor outcasts from that isle of tho West, called of old the Island of Sainto. Alone, and friendless, they had nought nave tho faith of their fathers to cheer their bitter lot of servitude. Braving the persecution and tho terroro of their ferocious masters, thoy clung with life tenacity to that holy religion. What heart doea not throb with gonerous emotion at tho heroic fortitude of those poor men, who for throe long years kept watch and ward over tho Adorable Saorament. I, as a Carmelite, may bo justly par doned at feeling proud of the two tertiarieo of tho order and clients of Mary' who maintained that ever memorable watch of the all-Holy. The faith sown in tears and blood. is seen cvov/ned in fcho grand ceremonial of to-day, and tho nobio cathe dral, 'neath whoso graceful arch wo are mot to sot up & memorial of piety, of love, and rever ence. It standB aa a monumont of faith, and a testimony of generouo devotion. Hero is revived that grand old spirit of Catholic times that considered nothing too . good to bo offered to God. The fine and massive proportions, the perspective of those long aisles, tho culmiuat ing beauty of the altar,' are all expressive of tH stability, yet beauty of the Catholic Ohuroh. With solemn rite these mitred chiefs dedicate this noble temple to the worship of God, under the invocation of the ever-bleaeed Mother of Jesus. Here vows shall be made, and the clean oblation (foretold by fche prophet) bo daily offered up ; and we have, too, the Divine pro mise that God will be in tho midst o£ those who assemble here in His name. And from the warranty of the past what'fair vioion rioeo of tho Church of Australia ? Persecuted in Europe, she comes to these lands full with the promises of eternal truth. Conociouo oi: hor noblo mission— feeling tho heavenly power with which cho io nrmod — inopired with the Holy Spirit that over watch en ovor hor, and with truth and freedom, oho otando erect, and callo on all men to onter the portalo of hor kingdom, for it is the EEouqo o£ God, and tho only gate to heaven. Sho pooaoonod the birthright,, and oho has the blesoing ; and though tho cloudo of per secution have long gathered round her in the old world, hero in thio homo of feeodom a bright dawn breako on the mystic opouoe o£ Ohriot. _ She goes forth arrayed in all tho virginal loveliness of her perennial youth. JLiet but men look upon her and soek to hoar the leooono of morality and holiness from her lipa, and follow the beacon light of truth this unerring guide holds aloft, and catch the inoph-ation o£ hor love of God and of man, and thoy must aoeds fall down before her, and with troubling noeonts declaro her to be tho opouoo of Chriot, for whop He died. And you, ohildren of tho Ohurch, in whom have been fulfilled tho blcnoingo made to Jacob, who are ?3leoaod a thousandfold in the communion of that Church foundod by Ohriot on earth, and which ic joined by the communion o£ saints to that other church in heaven, to-doy arise and pour the oil o2 thanksgiving on those sacred otoneo that are now oot up as a title to after ageo oi: the many blessings you have received from Glod, and your deliveranco irom the power of a cruel foe. Make y©ur vows to God in thio holy place, and may the God of Abraham and of Inaac and of Jacob hear theso vows, that when our journey here below is ended, and that we enter into tho land o£ promise — our true country and lasting habitation — our eyes may be gladdened by tho eternal vision of those angelic spirits who miniotoi' around the throne of the Lamb in tho Itfew Jerusalem, ' tho house of G-od3 and tho place where hia glory rlwfillnt-.h.' As in the morning a hymn to tho Blessed Virgin wao 3ung, and then at the conclusion of the devotions tho organist played tho War March oc tho Priests, from Mandelasohn'o ' Athalie,1*' during tho performance of which all who had assisted on the sanctuary proceoded to the vestry. Most of the congregation left at once, but soma remained to pray in oilonce for a few momenta. 