CRUMBS. Holy war proclaimed in Egypt. Uralla railway opening, August 2. 'Beautiful Snow,' on Wednesday— all day. Hay land office receipt for past half year, £77,510/10/10. Mrs. Spillane, convicted-of the Toowoomba murder has been sentenced to death. Shocking tortures and murders by Egyp tian fanatics. Helpless victims dismembered and disembowelled. Meeting at Wagga, convened by Mayor, to consider the advisability of presenting address to Sir Henry Parkes on his return through from Melbourne. Reported that one of the murderers of Lord Frederick Cavendish and Mr. Burke has been arrested in America, and that he has confessed his complicity in the crime. Report has not yet been, confirmed. The 400 subscription lists issued on behalf of the proposed memoral of the brave Mrs. 'Watson, who, with her child and a Chinese servant, escaped from the blacks of Lizard Island, the whole party subsequently dying of thirst, realised only £120. On June 11 and 12 snow fell heavily in the north of Scotland, the weather having suddenly become as cold as in January. Nearly an inch of snow has also fallen in some parts of Fifeshire. The unfavourable change in the weather has seriously checked vegetation. Edward Hanlan (says the London Sportsman) on his arrival in New York, in dulged in a row on the Harlom River. The 'gentleman' to whom he entrusted his clothes walked off with them, and the Champion was left shivering in his light rowing costume until other raiment could be provided. This probably had much to do with his subsequent illness. Great excitement created throughout Spain by a deliberate attempt to assassinate the Spanish Premier, Senor Sagasta. The Minister has received a box, which proved, on boihg opened, to contain a dynamite infernal machine. The suspicions of Senor Sagesta had been aroused, and precautions were taken, by which the designs of the consigners of the box were effectually frus trated. The number of the now few survivors of the -great Battle of Trafalgar has -beon reduced by one by the death of John Mooring, a naval pensioner, who ha£ just died at the Royal Naval Hospital, Great Yarmouth, aged 102. . Until lately he had a clear recollection of all the events of that ? celebrated fight. For some years he had been confined to his bed from debility con sequent on his great age. At the old sheepyards, Barmedman, three parties are working, and it is stated they got some specimens a few foot from the surface. The Emu roof, at 'Possum Power, cAished a trial of 13 A- tons for loz. ldwt. Ggr. to the toi' . It is' reported that the Phoenix Reef t got a now reef, from which excellent pros- i pouts were obtained. A half-sharo in tiioj celebrated Flagstaff Amalgamated claim, | Upper Temora, was sold at auction for £o j on Saturday. The old machine, of tho | Barmedman United Company was submitted to auction on Saturday, but attracted no bidders. Murray and party, in a claim on Upper Temora- road, fronting Boyd's, caused great excitement by striking quite a different formation to that of the surrounding country — pure lava, with several decomposed quarts leaders. Very rich specimens were got. aud all day on Saturday crowds witnessed their washing. Sovcial fresh quartz reel's have been applied for. Foster and party. Lower Temora, have washed 1500 loads, averaging over 1o'/j. to tho load. The A. J. S. Uauk is buying gold freely. A man named Halegato, lias confessed that ho constructed 40 clockwork infernal ma chines to the order of Fenians in America.. Some of them were found in a consignment of cement, on board the ship Fanny Parnell, at Liverpool. Football. — A match is to be played on Albert Park to-day between Wagga and Cootamundra. The names of tho local players arc posted at Tattersall's ; and are almost, the same as those who took part in the match on Saturday last. Temperance. — The monthly meeting of Christ Church Branch of tiie Church of England Temperance Society was hold on Wednesday evening, when the usual pro gramme of carols, &c.;, was gone through. An interesting event place, namely, tho selection by vote by the children themselves of tho four best behaved children, two girls aud two boys, in the society. Candidates had been proposed and seconded by the children, 14 girls and 12 boys, and each member voted for two girls and two boys. The children took a very intelligent in terest in the. novel proceedings, and their voting gave little evidence of favouritism. Prizes are to be given to the children who have scored the highest number of votes. Memoranda prom Junee Junction. — The finding of an underground creek within six feet of the surface close to the railway sheds is an established fact ; bailing has no effect in reducing it. The railway authorities are on the move about it ; boring rods are to be there m a few days. The flour mill shares going off rapidly. Dog poisoning is greatly on the increase; several valuable clogs have been, killed by baits laid in the streets. . Bricks are being made on an extensive scale ; the clay is highly suitable. Rain on again, bitterly cold. The tent for the public school is an utter disgrace to the Department. The Bisjior of Melbourne on Heaven. — In the course of a sermon preached on Sunday, 20th instant, by Bishop Moorhouse, that distinguished prelate is reported by the Art/us to have said : ' ' There are many really learned men m the present day who know about the Word of God little more than superstitious old wives did of fables and accounts which they had heard in the nurs ery. He said this out of charity to them because if it were not so it would be totally impossible to explain the ridiculous mistakes into which they are continually falling. In the days when these learned men were young the ordinary Christian would tell them that the Gospel came to teach them tho way to heaven, and, if questioned further, he would probably say that the end of his labour and the object of his hopes beyond this world was the getting to heaven. No wonder that was regarded as a mean and contemptible Christianity — ' another worldli ness.' That, however, was not New Testa ment teaching. The Kingdom of God was not meat and drink, but righteousness and peace and joy in the Holy Ghost. The Kingdom of God within a man consisted in the regulation of his feelings, impulses, thoughts, words, and deeds, so that his life was animated and inspired by love to God and man. Heaven was not a place merely ; and if a man tried to gain it as a reward, and merely from selfish motives, the act shut it out from him, for that belonged to the opposite of the Kingdom of God— not to heaven, but to hell.' The Close Season. — By an amending Act (45 Vic,, No. 49) passed during last session of Parliament, the close season does not commence' until the 1st September. The knights of the trigger can, therefore, bang away until the last day of next month. Treasonable Language. —We publish the following as a sample of the treasonable language adopted by a newspaper published in England. It shows what extraordinary liberty of speech and tho Press is allowed in that country : — ' Think you — Queen of England ; you — Prince of Wales ; you Duke of Edinburgh ; you Duke of Connauglit; you Prince Leopold; you Princesses Royal, Helena, Louise, and Beatrice ; you— lazy Royal Lurchers on the labours of a suifei-ing people; and you Haughty Aristocrats ; you, the Bloated Capitalists— the Lund and Moneyed Thieves of to-day— think, we say, before it is too late, and repent ot' youv misdeeds ; disgorge tho wealth you have only got by murder, exaction, robbery, and rapine of the most vile form ; tremble in the knowledge that the day of retribution is fast approaching when an oppressed nation will rise in tho majesty and grandeur of their might, and sweep you, the curse and pest of every age, off the face of the earth, like so many Rotten Vermino as you are. Oh yes ; sweep you oil' tho earth, for only your extinction can cure our misery ; but not by the mad, insensate action- of tho one woman or man killing1 u Icing- or a queen, and becoming- the victim of their own folly. No, you royal, aristocratic, and laud moneyed ? . No, you robbers, investors, and violators of all human law. Not so, but by Hie just and righteous vengeance of an insulted, outraged people— slaying- you and striding' over your rotten carcases as a justifiable reparation to an outraged nation. ' And now, sister and brother industrialists, what is the remedy for such n state of things ! AVhy, a Avar to the knife against the governing classes of to-day . AVar to those legalised thieves and murderers. Your Lords and Commons, clear your Parliamentary stable of Ihe dry-rot that is Avitliin — stain]) theiu out.' 'Oil, yes! workers of to-day, there is nothing' loft, for you to-day but to steel your nerves, dry your powder, sharpen your weapons, tighten your grasp, and drive fie bright Hashing- steel clean through tho quivering heart of your Blood-Stained Foe.' 