CHAPTER XL When Sunday morning came, and Harold found himself, for the first time in his life, condemned to spend the day in the solitude of London lodgings, he half regretted he had not gone down to Sevenoaks, where he could have passed the day in the fresh air and lovely soenery of the park. It was very lonely in Adam-street, and he looked back with feelings of mingled pleasure and regret to the walk with Amy Stuke to the hill over looking the wealth of Kent. London was unbearable, so he took the train to Kingston, and after a long pull up the river, and a dinner, in the consumption of which he showed a wonderful amount of energy for a love-sick man, he started to walk officer would picfeably be in town about the time his letter arrived, and that they would run down to Jievenoaks and spend a couple of days there. They would not be able to stay more than that as they had only a week s leave and had really come over on regimental business, but of course he, Arthur Wellesley, would, not think of going home without see ing his parents. And so it seemed to Harold that the net was closing round him—that the day of discovery was drawing nearer and nearer. Yet, perhaps the danger would again pass over; perhaps his name would not be mentioned in the enemy's presence, for, of course, he was totally ignorant of the fact that Neale was perfectly well posted up in his affairs, and knew quite well his feelings towards Amy. Although he was alarmed at this news Harold went back to his work in the office in better spirits than usual, and stuck so well to his hooks as even to draw forth a grudgingly-bestowed word of praise from Mi. Monger. Indeed, that gentleman, who always endeavoured to swim with the tide, was somewhat exercised in his mind as to what line of conduct he should persue to wards Harold. It was hard for him to depart' from his custom and abate one iota of that authorityand despotism with which he tyran nised over every new clerk; but then Harold was scarcely treated as any ordinary clerk, and Mr. Stuke showed hun such marked attention that Monger began to wonder whether he had any thoughts of ever taking him into partnership or, at all events, giviim; him a high position in the office. If sucli were his intention it would be very bad policy on Mr. Monger's part to make himself disagreeable or objectionable to Harold, and as it would be better to err on the safe side he adopted a sort of familiarity and favouring civility towards Harold that only made our hero dislike him all the more and, as he pretty well guessed what were Monger's motives for this change of conduct, despise and distrust him. Still, even though he dis liked the head clerk, he found the office work less disagreeable than it had been a month ago, partly because he had become more his own master, and also by Mr. Stuke's special orders he was promoted to a little more important work than endorsing receipts and indexing the letter- books. In the meantime Arthur Wellesley Stuke and his friend Neale had taken up their abode for a couple of days at Sevenoaks. It was somewhat curious to see the dif ference in the behaviour of the two friends. Neale, whose life for the last live or six years had been passed in the noise and talk of the barrack - room, who had ever since he could remember been obliged to fight his way through the world without the help of parents or real friends, and who principally looked for existence to that vague and geueral means known as a man's wits, seemed at once to sink gladly into the regular life of that small circle at I'ark side Villa. The son of the house, who until lately had lived aquietundissipatcd existence, seemed to be restless and dull, and to find great trouble in passing his time away. From the first Neale was attracted strongly towards Amy Stuke. He not only admired her face ana person, but her quiet gentle nflu nature exercised a good deal of influence over him. It was new to this man whose only experience of female society had of late years been pretty well confined to the'members of thoidemi monde or the faBt beauties of garrison towns, to talk to this shy unsophisticated girl, so different to the women with whom he was in the habit of as sociating. He also felt a great liking for Mr. Stuke, in spite of the merchant's vulgarity, and divided most of his attentions between Amy and her father. Mr. Stuke talked pretty freely to his son's friend, whom he found a very agreeable companion, for Neale could make himself uncommonly pleasant whenever he chose to take the trouble to do so. In the course of one of then* conversations the name of Louisa Stuke was in some way or other introduced, I think Neale had seen her likeness in one of the photographic albums and admired it. " Yes, she's a good-looking girl, Sir, but we don't see much of her, remarked Mr. Stuke. " No. Hew is that ?" "Well, between you and me and the post, she and her mother don't hit it very well; and she's got a deuce of a temper has Louisa." "I'm sure she can't inherit it from either of her parents, Sir." " Ha, ha, I aon't know. Mrs. Stuke don't often say much now, because she kuows I never take any notice of that sort of thing. But Lor when we were j'ust married what a spirit she had, and how she used to comb my | hair sometimes." That night when Neale found himself in the solitude of his own room a train of thought altogether new to him began to occupy his mind. Like Harold, whose room he was using, he began to look back on his past life, and to wonder what the future had in store for him. His father and mother had died when he was only a child, and left him, but ill-provided for, to the care of an uncle, who put the boy to school, sent him to Sand hurst, got him his commission, handed him over his small property, and it was very small indeed when he came of age, and then ceased to trouble his head about him. His uncle was an old bachelor who lived almost entirely at his club, his schoolmaster's family were ail grown up, and his life passed among boys and men, had never had the softening, refining influence of a woman's love or companionship. Life had been always more 01 less of a struggle to him, for being alone and friendless his schoolfellows had of course begun by tyranising over him; when he gre w bigger and older he had tyranised over them when he went to Sandhurst he at first had to put up with the usual hardships and petty troubles of any new cadet; when he joined his regiment, a fast one, he was preyed upon till, plucked nearly featherless, he became knowing, and instead of being a pigeon he became a rook. I don't mean for a moment to give my readers to understand I think Neale would ever have become a model head of a family and a quiet respect able member of society. I doubt very much whether anything would ever have made him even a moderately good man, but I am sure that his bringing up and the life his uncle chose for him were the very worst that could have possibly been devised for him. A young man in a fast regiment, with scarce a hundred a year besides his pay, has of course to do one or two things, either borrow money from the Jews or supplement his fixed income by his wits. Neale chose the latter course, and consequently was often compelled to do things at which his better feelings revolted, and for which even his slumbering conscience sometimes pricked him sharply. "It'sall very well," lie thought to himself as he sat and smoked by his open window, for he had carefully studied the geography of the house, and knew that he was far enough away from the rooms of any of the females of the family to venture upon another cigar, " It's all very well for people to talk about the deceitfulness of richeSj and pray to be delivered in the time of their wealth, I wish to heaven I saw some chance of being home through Richmond Park and Rich- I mond. I It was a lovely eammer's evening; the green grass and fine old trees of the park were flooded with the golden sunset. The deer were leaving the ferns and the shady nooks and hollows to come -out and wander in the open now that the heat of the day was past. Harold was planning in his mind the next chapter of his book, modifying and altering his plot, which had already begun to take a dark and sorrowful complexion, from the nature of the writer's own circumstances. He found great difficulty in ke-ping his ideas concentrated. They would wimder off to himself, his own troubles, and his relations with the Stuke family, and. one member of it in particular. However, after some time, he got his mind fairly fixed on his work, when, just as he was nearing the Richmond-hill gate, he saw before him Neale, young Stuke, and two women, highly dressed, and talking loudly. They were crossing his path at right angles, and as both the males of the party were apparently engrossed in conversation with their fair companions, he sheltered him self behind a tree, and waited till they had passed, then hurried out at the gate and homewards as fast as he could. But the sight of his enemy once more brought the old fears and troubles into his mind, driving out all other thoughts. Was he always to be haunted by the ghost of the past, was there never to be an hour's sun shine in his life? The remembrance of his guilt and his cowardice and the fear of detec tion were now ever present to him, and made his life so wretched and miserable, that for a moment the thought passed through his mind whether it would not be better once for all to end it, than to go on as he was going without a moment's peace or reBt or happiness. Then he thought of emigrating, going to America or Australia, and turning hunter or trapper or stock-rider or station-hand; but fortu nately he knew a little about the colonies, and was aware how hard a task it is for an unknown and friendless man to get on there. America seemed perhaps a more likely field for his talentsbut, then, alas! .they were such eminently unpractical ones; and £100 a year is hardly enough for a man to live on anywhere. Ho, he must stay where he was, perhaps, after all, Neale would not trouble him, and, at all events, if he only hacl time and could once get a start in his literary career, he would be able to bid defiance to his enemy. The truth was that Harold did not really feel disposed to make any great change in his life. Certainly it was not a very happy one, owing to the past and his fear of the future, but then the same fears in a greater or lesser degree would be always before him, for wherever he went he could never alter what had happened or know what was to come. Beside Ins £200 a year kept him moderately comfortable in his quiet way of life, and he was not particularly anxious to make any change. But above all the desire for fame kept him in his present place, for he knew that in no other city in the world was there so much chance of success for a young novelist as in London. ■ So he decided he must stay where he was and face the future, and on the whole lie rather liked the idea and was proud of him self for his resolution. A weak man in trouble always magnifies both himself and his cares, till he exalts himself into a hero and becomes quite pleased with his gloomy sur roundings, which he guards and cherishes with the same sort of pride that a schoolboy does a loose tooth or a double-jointed finger. By the middle of the week Harold, who had been making fair progress with his novel and had not heard nor seen anything of Neale, began to think of the family at Sevenoaks, ana to wonder whether they were at all offended with him for having declined their invitation. Perhaps a guilty knowledge of the untruthfulness of his excuse, "a pre vious engagement," made him all the more anxious to hear about them. At all events Mr. Stuke informed his wife one evening that Harold had enquired after her and all the family, and had said how sorry he had felt at being obliged to refuse her kind invitation. "Didn't I say so?" said Mrs. Stuke triumphantly, " 1 knew it. It's come on him stronger than ever, and he finds he must give in to it. Ask him down next Saturday, Ben, and you see if he don't jump at the offer." "Talking about offers," replied her hus band, "I hope he'll pull himself together and speak to that girl soon, she looks as pale as a sheet and goes about in those beastly tight dresses, like a yard of pump Water, as the saying is." " Don't fret yourself, Ben, but just do as I tell you. and ask him down next Saturday. He'll speak fast enough when he finds the girl likes him, and that we seem to be glad to see him here." So the next day Mr. Stuke told Harold that he had given Mrs. Stuke his message, for which she was much obliged, and hoped that he would come to them from' Saturday to Monday next, adding that Mrs. Stuke had not written a formal note because they already looked upon him as an old friend, and trusted he would not wait to be asked but run down to Sevenoaks whenever he had a mind so to do. So on Saturday afternoon our hero found himself again at Parkside Villa. He was received, rather to his sur prise, by Amy, who apologised for her mother's absence, saying that she and two elder girls had been obliged to go and see a friend of theirs who was just leaving the neighbourhood. Mr. Stuke had business with the gardener and the groom which oc cupied him nearly all the afternoon: so Harold and Amy wandered unfettered about the garden and talked to each other for some time. Finally, at Amy's request, Harold took up the book she had been occupied with, and, sitting under the old tree in the lawu, read aloud to her. It was a love story of rather a weak and sentimental sort, but Amy thought she had never listened to any thing so lovely, as Harold threw all the tire and passion he could iuto the speeches com mand of the lover. He rasher fancied him self as a reader, and always tried to do his best no matter how small his audience was. When Mrs. Stuke came back from her drive and looked about for the results of he diplomacy, she was delighted to see the group on the lawn, and to find from her husband, who was sitting with a woeful face in the coach-house, which was at the side of the garden a little way from the house, that he had been doing penance there all the afternoon for fear lest his sudden appearance would put an end to the tSte a tcte which his wite had so strictly ordered him to bring about. Yet it did not seem after all as if much real progress had been made, and Mr. Stuke felt a little disappointed when Harold went away on Monday morning and nothing defi nite had been said or done. However, she consoled herself with the thought that there was still plenty of time ana that another visit might bring about the desired result. Harold, during his stay at Parkside Villa, learned one piece of news which startled him. On the Monday morning Mrs. Stuke had re ceived a letter from her son, dated and posted at the Curragh (it had been sent from London to his servant at the regiment's head ; troubled with the things our worthy host besought that we might be guarded against. What an age it is since I heard prayers read.' in a house. The last time must Have been, when I was at Rillinghain. That reminds me of Linton. Poor beggar, I'm sorry for him, and yet I think I must draw him for £50 before long. I can't sponge on Stuke much more. Confound it, what a miserable life this is, and yet I'm not capable of starting on any other. If I'd only had money now I would go in for diplomacy or something of that sort, or at least I could have scraped up enough influence at the Horse Guards to stand a chance of being pushed on, and might have taken some interest in my profession, whereas now my betting-book occupies all my time and attention. I wish I were married or dead, it's nil the same. That younger girl isn't bad looking, the two elder are awful, simply awful, but she is quite passable,, but so simple. What queer things young girls are, I never can quite understand them, perhaps became I know so much that I never realize how little they know. But that's a nice girl, and . she will have a pot of money 1 expect, still I hardly think she's my style.; That youngest one whose photo I saw looks as if she had some go in her, iu fact I think the old boy said she had a devil of a temper. At all events she would be worth ■trying for, I wonder how much they will have. I suppose the old fellow's well in. He's a queer old chap, awful cad. but good natured, and nretty cute, I should imagiue at all events he s worth two of liis son. How I do detest that snob, and yet I have to put up with his company and internal airs. That's another evil of beiug poor. But I do wonder what that third girl or the fourth, it don't matter much which will have. Let me see, the third one is Lintou's little weak ness. Well if he gets her I daresay I shall, manage to come in for some of the spoil, though it does seem almost a shame to keep that poor devil always on a string. Another result of my confounded poverty. Oh, well,, it can't be helped, but certainly the idea of a marriage with Louisa Stuke is not a bad one.. If I were only independent, and I should be then, I would reform, and not prey upon. Linton or any one else. I must think over it.. I wonder what the old fellow would say." With these and many like reflections did Lieutenant Neale idle away the time till the-' coolness and dampness of the night air and the termination of his cigar told him it was getting late, and warned him that if he wished to keep in his host and hostess's good graces by being in time for their early break fast he must get to rest without further delay. Of course young Stuke did not let his father and mother knows that he had beeu several days in Loudon before he and his friend came down to Sevcnoaks. Their leave, was understood to be a short one, and the; merchant was very pleased with his soil, and with Neale for being willing to devote, three days of it to the society of the little house hold at Sevenoaks. He showed his pleasure by warmly shaking Neale by the hand when the day for the two young men's departure came, and giving him a standing iuvitatiou to ■ Parkside V ilia. His son profited iu a more tangible way, for his father gave him a. cheque for a good round sum in addition to his regular allowance when be left. So both the gallant friends went away very well satis fied with the result of their visit. Stuke had already made something by it, and Neale,. with the images of Amy and Louisa Stuke . before his eyes, the merchant's money bags, forming an agreeable background to either daughter; thought he saw a fairly probable -, and not altogether dishonourable solution to his pecuniary difficulties. His code of honour was not a very strict one. Though even, according to it tne system he thought of pur suing with regard to Harold was not judged a very upright one, yet the idea of marrying a girl solely for her money was quite honour able and gentlemanly. He hau a right, be thought, to expect that his wife should bring him something in return for the expenses she would cause him, and the loss which a quieter and more respectable mode of life; would entail on him. A married mail can baldly continue to live by his wits, even, though as a bachelor he managed to support himself comfortably by that precarious means. Besides, were lie to marry one of the ■ Misses Stuke, whose social position was scarcely equal to his owu, he would have a. right to expect she would bring him some very solid equivalent for the sacrifice he made. In his magnanimity he did not. count the bestowal of his own sweet self as demand ing any return in the shape of dowry. He; was willing to throw his person into the; scale, and take say £25,000 as a fair return for the advantageous ofier he was prepared to make. 