THE" NEW EPISCOPALIAN CHURCH. The ceremony of laying the foundation stone of the new Episcopalian Church, Doughty's Paddock, took place on Thursday afternoon. Shortly after four o'clock a concourse of about 100 persous gathered round the site, when it was seen that part of the foundations of the new building had been hastily put in to enable the ceremony of laying the stone to take place before the Rev. J. F. Hocter returned to Adelaide. The position selected for the building is the slope of the pretty rise on which Mr. Doughty's former cottage, now Mr. H. Nicholls's, is placed, and is at the corner of two streets, one of which runs south-ward to North Terrace and the other east ward to the Penola road. The paddock, which less than three years ago was in an almost primitive condition, has already become an im portant suburb of Mount Gambier, a number of new cottages and other improvements having been erected in it. Lints of bunting were suspended from several trees in the vicinity, and this, with the assemblage of people, gave the scene a very stirring aspect. The ceremony was a purely religious one, as provided by the rules of the Church of England, and was entered into with much earnestness. At a few minutes to five o'clock Mrs. Hocter, who had kindly consented to lay the stone, took her place by its side, on the north-eastern corner of the building, and shortly afterwards the Bosa ville Church choir in white surplicca, and fol lowed by the Eev. Mr. Hocter, marched from Mr. Nicholls's residence (a room in which had been courteously placed at their disposal as a vestry), to the new building, singing the proces sional hymn commencing " Onwaril, Christian soldiers, Marching as to war, With the cross of Jesus Going oil before." On arrival there the choir took a position near the stone, and Mr. May turn a seat at an organ that had been placed there to assist in the musical portion of the service. The whole of the hymn was then sang through. The Eev. Mr. Hocter read from the " office," or printed form, the following sentence: " Dearly beloved, forasmuch as the Lord lias been pleased to put into the hearts of his faith ful people the desire to build this house for His holy worship, we have assembled here this day, we trust, in His strengih, to carry this good design into effect; let us, therefore, devoutly beg His blessing on our undertaking after which the congregation engaged in the form of prayer prescribed. The prayers were all intoned. The choir then chanted the 122nd Psalm, at the close of which Mr. W. Thurston advanced and presented to Mrs. Hocter a handsome silver trowel with ivory handle, on which was inscribed the words : -"Presented to Mrs. Hocter on the occasion of her laying the foundation stone of the new Episcopalian Church, Mount Gambier. Feb ruary 16, 1882." In making the presentation he said he presented it on behalf of the Com mittee of the Church, and had no doubt she would regard it as a memento of the occasion. They thanked her, and wished her every happi ness and prosperity. Mrs. Hocter took the trowel, and the stone having previously been swung ready to lay and the memorial bottle having been placed in a : cavity beneath, she touched the mortar on it, it was lowered, she applied the plumb and level, gave it a tap or two with the mallet, and said-"In the faith of Jesus Christ we place this foundation stone in the name of God the Father, God the Son, and God the Holy Ghost," and the choir intoned the word "Amen." The trowel, we may here say, was obtained at Mr. J. M. Wendt's establishment, Mount Gam bier. The mallet, level, and plumb were those presented to the Mayoress (Mrs. T. H. Williams) on the occasion of her laying the foundation stone of the new Town Hull Chambers, in September last, and were kindly lent by that lady for the present occasion. The bottle placed under the stone did not contain the usual memorial document, but simply one each of the latest copies of the Border Watch and South eastern Star, and several of the current coins of the realm. The foundation stone bore on its northern face the words " Foundation stone, 1882." The laying of the stone concluded, the choir sang the 394th hymn of the "Ancient and Modern" collection, which is specially intended for such a ceremony. Mr. Vaudrey led the choir, which consisted of twelve toices, and Mr. May turn accompanied on the organ. At the close of the hymn, The Eev. Mr. Hocter addressed the assembly. He said-Christian brethren, we have assembled here to-day and performed a task which I will call a solemn, a sacred, and a hopeful task. It is a solemn thing for men and women to meet together and deliberately lay the foundation stone of a temple for the worship of Almighty God, because it is a protest against all that is godless, it is a protest against the secular spirit of the age, it is a protest against infidelity, and it is a lesson for the fool who hath said in his heart '' There is no God." It is a sacred task that we have performed to-day ; it is a sacrifice, an offer ing to the Lord our God. As in ancient days patriarchs and prophets consecrated the altars which they erected to the honor and glory of Almighty God as places where they might offer of their best to thtir King, their Maker, and Creator; so now, in these latter days, we, who live in the Christian dispensation, delight to honor our King and our Lord by dedicating to Him of our best. We do not come into His presence and offer Him that which costs us nothing. We present to Him that which will be hereafter looked upon by those who come after us as a sacrifice of our most holy faith. It is a hopeful task which we have just performed. I can remember but a few short years ago standing in a distant part of this favored colouy of South Australia. The occasion was the laying of the foundation stone of a church ; and upon that occasion I was able to congratulate those there assembled on the fact that in 30 years our beloved and earnest diocesan, a man I cannot mention without testifying to his large catholic heart, that for the sj<ace of 30 years he had been privileged by his God, whom he had served with all his heart, with all his mind, with all his soul, and with all his strength, to see grow up in every park of the colony churches more or less ornate and costly, but all with the one object-for the worship of Almighty God and our Saviour Jesus Christ. Then I rejoice to be able to stand here to-day and to know that not a year passes but the foundation of a church is laid in this our adopted country. It is just 34 years ago since Dr. Short, the ex-Bishop of this diocese, landed upon our shores. He found here, I think, four clergy and about as many, or perhaps not so many, places of worship. He toiled and labored for a generation, and during that generation the Church has grown marvellously under his hands ; and I venture to assert that if he were here to-day he would join with us in rejoicing in being permitted to see the foundation stoue laid of another church of Eng land. The patriarchs and prophets, I have said, built their altars to the Lord. It is our privilege to build churches to our Lord Jesus Christ; and this is, I think, the proper occasion for me to state that this church is to be dedi cated to the Holy Cross. Christian brethren, whatever denomination you belong to, or what ever you may call yourselves, we say that the cross of Christ is to every man and woman the central point of the Christian universe. We thank God that not Ziou, not Bethel, but Calvary is the hill from which has gone forth throughout the ages the soul-stirring, soul-saving story of the cross of Jesus Christ. We here have laid the foundation of a material fabric, but that material fabric will only have performed its very highest mission when it has taught those who worship m it and who look upon its spire, as it points towards God's throne on high, that there is such a thing as a spiritual temple, built up of spiritual stones, the redeemed souls of men. Let us never forget at seasons like the present, that this is, as it were, the spring-time of the Church. A few days ago we had a harvest thanksgiving, and with humble hearts we returned our hearty and grateful thanks to God for his material blessiugs and mercies. To- day we lay the seed in the ground, and we look forward, not without anxiety and some trembling, not without some of those feelings which must in-, variably associate themselves with a work like this; but at the same time with a manly Christian hope that in the church, the foundation stone of which has been laid to-day, many a poor contrite sinner will find rest for his soul and a place.to lay his head on the bosom of the crucified Redeemer. We should recollect that all our efforts, all our material success, are nothing worth except they be embued with-except they be the proceeds of the possession of Jesus Christ. 11 The Church's ono foundation Is Jesus Christ her Lord; She is His new creation By water ami the Word. From heaven ho camo and sought her To tic His holy bride ; With His own Wood He bought her, And for her life He died. 'Mid toil and tribulation, And tumult of her war, She Waits the consununatioii Of peace for evermore; Till with the vision glorious Her longing- eyes are blest, And the great Church victorious - ; should Ijy the Church crest," A pause was then made to allow tim& for legations to be laid on the stone. A collection vas also made from those present. The dona lans and collection amounted to ,£8 2s, Three more short prayers-one for protection and success to the builders of the church; an* other for grace to begin, continue and end all their works for God's glory, and the third for an increase of spiritual strength and meetness for heaven were then read. Hymn 215 of " Hymns Ancient and Modern," commencing- "The Church's one foundation " was then sung, after which the Rev. Mr. Hocter pronounced the Benediction. As the choir and Mr. Hocter were about to leave in procession, Mr. Lilly stepped forward, and called for three cheers for Mr. and Mrs. Hocler for their services. These being given, Mr. Hocter returned thanks. The procession then marched back to Mr> Nicholls s, and the assemblage dispersed. 