TURF GOSSIP. By Augur. Tuesday morning was warm and genial, and [ as the Sonth Australian contingent waB to make a dtbvl at Flemington, I journeyed thither in hopes of seeing Mr. Savill and his charges. Early on the ground, I saw Coffey putting hiB lot through their facings, and Chifney sent Annie Laurie and Hopeful right-handed a couple of mileB strong work on the tan, from which I guessed that they were meant for Randwick, whither they have since departed. Anglesey and Adventurer got through some useful exercise on the track inside the course proper, the young one being very anxiouB to extend himself. Then Ironmaster, Prattle, and Claptrap went slow for about three miles on the outer track, improving the pace a bit towards the finiBb, all going well. Colworth and Don Alonzo did good work, and Forward and Miles, after cantering, spurted about a couple of hundred yards. Robert the Devil did Bome nice striding exercise, and Frying Pan cantered once round the tan, and then strode along for a mile at a good pace. Darebin, who continues to thicken out, was sent nice striding work for a couple of miles on the tan. Golden Butterfly cantered twice round the outer track, and pulled up unmiBtakeably lame in the near foreleg, but Davis did not appear to think much of it, and attri buted it to rheumatism. King of the Vale moved beautifnlly on the outer track. Many others exercised, and after waiting for an hour or two I eBpied Mr. Savill wending his way to the ground, and almost simultaneously his string appeared upon the course. It is not too mnch to say that this team from South Australia will bear favourable comparison with any Bimilar number of horses that ever appeared on the ground under charge of one man. Savanaka, who bad evidently wintered well, and done plenty of work, was as gay as a lark ; and I may Bay the same of First Water, who was very lively. Prometheus, of course, was the firBt asked after, as he was related to Darebin, but he is quite a different animal, being a trifle deficient in his thighs. Otherwise there iB not much fault to find with bim, and there can be no two opinions respecting his ability to gallop. The brothers, The Assyrian and The Hebrew, are two very powerfully-built sons of Countryman and Tinfinder, with quarters big enough for dray horses, but their fore joints look gummy and soft. The grandest of the lot is, to my mind, the two year-old colt Laplander, by The Englishman from Tinfinder. This is a chesnut colt, with two white hind feet, and he is a gentleman all over. He has a blood like head, set on to a lean bnt muscular neck, well let in to nicely-placed shoulders. A good middle-piece, capital quarters, with hocks right dr wn, and a very fair set of legs, make up one of the best-looking colts that ever trod the Flemington course. The brown filly by The Englishman, from Deceptive, is smother very attractive youngster, and I doubt if Mr. Savill ever had such a chance of appropriat ing a Maribyraong Plate as he has now. Footstep was not looking so well as the others, for though she had grown since I last saw her, she lacked the bloom so noticeable in her companions. All had a canter to take the stiffness off their legs, and I afterwards saw them in their boxes at the Pastoral Hotel, where Mr. Savill had provided a cat as a companion for each horse. With such a string to work upon, it will be hard, indeed, for Mr. Savill it be cannot capture some thing at the Spring Meeting of the V.R.C. The fine weather during the early portion of the week wonderfully improved the outer track at Flemington, and on Thursday morn ing it was in splendid order. Several took advantage of this, and, among others, Iron master, Claptrap, and Prattle did good work, and so did Darebin, Fryingpan, and Magnet King of the Vale, who seems to be preparing for the V.A.T.C. Spring Meeting, was treated to useful exeroise, so were Morrison's, and Golden Butterfly was down again, and exer cised in company with Omelette. Messrs. Campbell, Pratt, and Co. report having sold, on behalf of Mr, John Whitting bam, the thoroughbred horse Morning Star, by Fireworks from Starlight, to Mr. D. Guerin, of St Araaud, for 900 guineas. Petrel was knocked down to Mr. W. Lang on Wednesday for 450 guineas, and he goes into his new owner's stable. A meeting of the V.A.T.C. committee will be held shortly, for the purpose of electing members; and as the season has commenced, those who are anxious to join the club are re quested to send in their names at once. The Viotoria Trotting Club is in the field with a programme for the 23rd September, when a Maiden Trot of 40 so vs., and a purse of 60 sort., for horses that have no record better than three minutes, will be decided. Entries does with Mr. Gibney, at Kirk's Basaar, on Tuesday, September 12. 8toekbtidge, who won the Maribyraong Plate like a raochotse, la to be sold or leased for stud ar,smd so well-bred a per former should be worth atrial in some of our breeding establishments. Roeede Florenoe was famous at the dam of great sites, and one of her youngest sons, Dante, Is this week announoed as at the ser vice of the rablic. Remembering what a brilliant oolt he was when in training,sued that he begat Mistake and Mistaken in his first season, I.oannot help reoommending him to owners of mares. He will stand at Craigie bbrh, within 'a quarter of a mile of the atation, and bia terms are reasonable enough at 15 guineas. The owner of the horse has very wisely decided to make a liberal concession for dams of winners. Messrs. W. C. Yuille and Co. are the town agents, and they also announce that the beautifully-bred Proto-Martyr will stand this season at Willow-vale, Ferntree Gully, where Mr. Selman supervises his compact little stud in a manner which reflects credit upon him. By St. AlbanB from Laura, the dam of Petrarch, reads well enough for anything, and with big roomy mares by Panic or Tabu Cain he ought to be successful. Herschel, a very smart son of Tim Whiffler and Vision, will Btand at the Batue place. Proto-Martyr's fee is 10 guineas, and Herschel's only three guineas for mares led to the horse, so Mr. Selman BbowB that he iB desirous to meet the viewB of all classes. Messrs. William C. Ynille and Co. report having Bold to Mr. Samuel Gardiner, of Bandoora-park, the brood mares Lady Panta loon, by Tom King from Marchioness (imp.), and Microscope, by HerculeB from Vision, by Ace of Clubs from Omen (imp.), by-Mel bourne, and the horse Chesterfield by The Marquis from Lamorna, by Fireworks from i Nightlight (imp.); also, on account of Mr. M'Lean, the stallion Philistine, by Talk o' Hill from Ideal, by Ace of Clubs from Ordeal (imp.); on account of Mr. J. Rice, the hurdle racer Napoleon, to Mr. Chas. Fleming ; and on account of Mr. Guy, the stallion Young Bylong, by Bylong from Verbena (dam of Andover), to Mr. Jos. Cripps. The thoroughbred stallion Tnbal Cain and the coaching stallion Highflyer will be on view at Kirk's Bazaar on Tuesday next, when the public will have an opportunity of seeing two very fine horses. Chifney left for Sydney on Wednesday with Hopeful and Annie Laurie. Mr. James Redfearn's colt Gloster died from an attack of inflammation a few days ago, I Mr. Cox intends to have another meeting at KenBington-park on Saturday, September 16, when six events will be decided. The conditions of the Geelong Racing Club Sires' Produce Stakes appear thiB week. It is a very liberal stake, as the nominator of the sire of the winner is to receive 100 sovs., and there will be no fee for entering the foal, but only a forfeit of a sovereign. Sires must be nominated on or before Wednesday, Sep tember 26. A good deal of dissatisfaction has been ex pressed by members of the Victorian Club at the meagre information posted in the rooms relative to turf matters in Sydney. The V.A.T.C. was fortunate in having a fine day on Saturday last for its August i meeting, and everybody who viBited the pretty little trysting ground at Caulfield must have been highly delighted at the excellent sport. It was something for Mr. Bond to be proud of to see 25 two year oldB go to the post for a paltry 50 sovs. Next year I hope the club will give 150 sovs. to this particular race, and this, with a 5 sovs. sweep, will make the stake worth winning, as at present the youngster that happens to win is debarred from contesting for all maiden plates, and this is a serious consideration with those ownerB who do not bet largely. It is some what remarkable that Duenna and Honora, who occupied the first and third places re spectively, are not engaged in the Maribyr nong Plate, which is to be regretted, for I have an idea that the stableB which they re presented have nothing better than these New South Wales bred fillies. This should prove to owners that it is always wise to nominate everything for the great two-year- old race of the V.R.C. King of the Forest, who ran second, is engaged in the Maribymong Plate, and as be can be made many pounds better, Mr. Lang may have in him a dangerous outsider. The contest of Satur day, however, was hardly a* true test of the merits of the youngsters, as some were very backward in condition, and, moreover, loBt a deal of ground at the Btart, and but for the latter accident it is possible that Honora might have clipped Duenna's wings. Merry Maid was well shown up by her nder in the Hurdle Race, without any beneficial result to her owner. No doubt the boy richly de served the punishment meted out to him, but I fancy he lost his head in the excite ment of the race. Mr. Darlot, too, had the bad fortune to have his mare'B capabilities thoroughly exposed without meeting with any reward, as, owing to the mistake made by the rider of Edith, the stakes were awarded to Glowlight. There was some talk of a protest being entered against the latter, a rumour having gained currency that he had not been hunted sufficiently, but nothing came of it The other events were won pretty easily; nevertheless, there was plenty of excitement over the Grand National Steeple chase, for which the field was far larger than that which contested the V.R.C. great event Altogether, the day was a most disastrous one for layers of odds, and the only occasion when they had a chance of recouping them BelveB was in the Amateur Steeplechase, and in this the rank outsider that came in first < was disqualified for going the wrong course. During the parade of the competitors for the Sapling Stakes at the V.A.T.C. meeting it was plain to be seen that the accommoda tion in the saddling- paddock was too limited, and I'm glad to say that the enclosure is now being largely increased. I hope Mr. Bond will not forget the tree-planting which is so necessary in a climate like this, and while on the march of improvement I beg to make a suggestion. By taking the southern fence of the racecourse over to the road near Jones's stable a splendid mile-and-a-quarter course could be formed, the start to take place near Jones's, from which point an un< interrupted view could be obtained of the com mencement. Moreover, there would be a loDg straight run, and races of a mile and a quarter would become more popular than anything at Caulfield. There is not sufficient room in front of the stand to start a large field, and the plan suggested would bs so much better, as there would be no turn to get round directly after starting. It was a thoughtful act upon the part of Mr. M. Loughlin to subscribe 200 sovs. to subsidise a Ballarat Grand National Steeple chase, and I'm glad to see that the club has made an effort to provide a day's sport on the beautiful DowUng Forest course, whose glorious scenery in the spring time will alone more than repay the visitor from the metro polis. The programme contains five events, K with a selling handicap of 50 commencing „ __ sovs., one mils. This is followed by the Handicap Hurdle Race of 100 sovs., and then follows tne Ballarat Handicap of 100 sovs., six furlongs, which should attract a good ficld. as nearly any thinj^and everything can get this distance. Tftie - Grand National Steeplechase follows, and here again than should bs a numerous an try. The Maiden Plats of 90 sovs. is ths wind-up, and owners o! horses are reminded that the entries dose on the 12th Santenbw, on which' day the Ballarat Hunt Club events also dose, Ths stakes won subsists V, A.T.CL masting ere paid over at sir. Bond's ottos pa Mem were i f"?I ^h?5!£W4>0,x wo*»*d £805 foe Wallace's cheque amounted to £108, and he also received ih« fine cup presented by Mr. Robert Chimaide. The beautiful gold duet jag, made by Measra. EL Yoang and Co. (snc cessora to Mesers. Walsh Brothers), was pre sented to Messrs. Lecky, the owners of Glow light, and the trophy was accompanied by a cheque for £84, Mr. H, Haines received £100 for The Ghost's win. I'm glad to say that the meeting was a financial success. Chrysalis haB proved a most nnfortanate purchase for the followers of Rowe's stable, she having ran second five times in succes sion. By Left Bower's victory in the Canlfield Grand National Steeplechase on Saturday the popular croBS-countty jockey T. Corrigan won £750 in'bete, and being part owner of the borse, he also took half the stake. No man better deserves a Blice of luck, for his con duct during his career as a jockey haB been most exemplary. A sure indication of the approach of the Victorian racing season is the appearance of turf men from the other colonies, Mr. J. E. Savill, of South Australia, is the first to ar rive this season. He came by the Bteamehip Victorian on Monday morning, and I'm glad to say that he had a fine passage round, and that all of his horses were landed in capital condition. The team consistB of Savauaka, Firet Water, The Assyrian, Prometheus, The Hebrew, FootBtep, Laplander, and Delusion. The Assyrian, First Water, Prometheus, and The Hebrew are engaged in the Caulfield Cup and the Melbourne Cup; Footstep and Sava naka, also, are nominated for the latter event, and Prometheus and The Hebrew are in the V.R.C. Derby; while the two year olds, Lap lander and Delusion, are engaged in the Maribyrnong Plate. They have taken up their quarters at the Pastoral Hotel, Flem ington. Lovers of a good horse will regret to hear that it was found necessary on Saturday last to put an end to the existence of Hima laya. It will he remembered that he fell and injured himself rather severely in the V.R.C. Grand National Steeplechase, but though he appeared to be very Btiff when he got up, he managed to walk to town, and was taken to Messrs. M'Culloch, Smart, and Co.'s stables. He was Bhortly afterwards slung, and as he appeared to be getting better, was taken out of the slings, but by some meahs he raptured the ligaments of bis injured leg and became so bad that Mr. Webb considered that the most humane course to pursue was to put an end to this misery, and on Saturday morning the horse was destroyed. Himalaya was un doubtedly the best cross-country horse we had, and it is greatly to be regretted that his services have been lost to his owner, who is not at all in luck just now. It may be as well to remind racing men who have youngsters engaged in the V. AT.C. Foal Stakes and Caulfield Guineas that they can get out without any further payment if they declare fprfeit to the secretary before 4 p.m. on the let of September. Among others, Sir Thomas Elder, Sir J. P. Bell, and Messrs. W. Blackler, James White, C. and A. Fin lay, J. Paterson, H. Bowler, S. Gardiner, J. Whittingham, W. Branch, W. Pearson, and J. Mitchell are large contributors, and as they will send only a Bmall proportion of their nominations they will no doubt scratch those that are not likely to go to the post. The events referred to promise to be quite as interesting as the Maribyrnong Plate and V.R.C. Derby, for they have most of the cracks of all the colonies engaged, and spirited contests may therefore be expected. At a meeting of the Tasmanian Turf Club (Launceston), last week, the balance- Bheet showed a profit of £426 7s. 8d. on last season's racing. The old liabilities were £317 8s. 3d., and when these were paid there was a balance of £108 9s. 5d. It was suggested that the club should adopt the V.R.C. rules, and I believe this will be done after they have been revised. The subject of a paid handicapper came on for discussion, and if the other clubs will co-operate, some competent man will be. elected to fill the post. Mr. Monaghan has given pretty general satisfaction to the clubs he has acted for, and is quite capable of doing justice to all. A strong committee was ap pointed, and the summer programme will shortly be framed and published. I have received a telegram from Auckland stating that Dr. Weir is among the passengers in the mail boat from San Francisco, and that he has with him five trotting mares and three geldings, all well bred and in good order. The prices asked for first-class stallions were eo exorbitant that he found it impossible to secure one. I believe the eight animals the doctor baa will be exhibited in Sydney, and probably some of them will be sold. Those remaining will be brought on to Mel bourne. At the Bangalore races the Australian colt Clublaw won the Welcome Plate, beating four others, and walked over for the Mysore Cup. Linkboy won the Trial Stakes, beating Queensland, Palmerston, Ac. Queensland, a little chesnut filly that will be remembered here as pretty Bmart over short courses, won the Agram Stakes, beating Linkboy, Despot, and Palmerston. At the Calcutta monsoon meeting Witchcraft won the Grand Military, Gipey the Grand National Hurdle Race, and Wharrama the Derby. All the above winners are Australian-bred animals. The acceptances for the Campbell Town Steeplechase number 10, the only one from Victoria being Collingwood, who, with all his weight, should be quite capable of upholding the honour of Victoria, Paul and Victor being his most dangerous opponents. Two animals named Lenore ran at the Kensington-park meeting, but the stewards took no notice of the matter. Griffiths, who met with nasty injuries to his face and hand through Mameluke falling with him, is progressing favourably, though he is pretty well swathed in bandages. At the sale of the Blankney yearlings, Mr. Chaplin received wonderful prices for 13 juveniles, most of them by Hermit. The highest-priced one was a chesnnt filly by Hermit from Adelaide, by Young Melbourne, for which Sir J. Willoughby gave 8,600 guineas. Sir G. Chetwynd gave 2,000 guineas for a colt by Hermit from sister to Adelaide. Lord Zetland became the owner of a colt by Hermit from Gertrnde, by The Marquis, the price paid being 1,250 guineas, which should be pleasant newe for the present owner of the grandeite. A filly by Hermit from Patchwork, by Young,Melbourne, realised 1,000 guineas, and a filly by Hermit from Anonyma, by Stockwell, was sold for 1,050 guineas. A chesnut colt by Hermit from a Musket —aff fetched 800 guineas, and a colt by starting 1,000 guineas. Although one yearling sold for SiO guineas, the average was about 1,000 guineas, iSyearlinge realising 18,800 guineas. I should take this to bathe most lupoeesful sale of yearlings ever held. -r—, Thespeoial oortespondeal of j¥bt, Jwbwl "EH l!L&Uow;> ftrdneyise* as sde, 8 tol r " 12 to | Ms feach canard. The colt has arrived at Rand wick, and appears to be doing well; but 1 firmly believe he will find his master in Segenhoe, at all events up to a mile and a hall. Weather permitting, the Victoria Trotting Clnb will hold its postponed meeting at Elaternwick to-day. It is expected that six or seven heats will have to bp trotted ere the two events are decided, and as several of the intending competitors are pretty equal in point of excellence, some interesting contests are anticipated. The Elaternwick railway will land visitors close to the coarse, and for those who prefer the road, the drive through Albert-park and St Kilda should prove very pleasant. As the local council has sadly neglected the road at the back of the grand stand, it is not in good order, and the secre tary requests those who drive down to go by the mam road aB far as the cricket-ground, and then turn to the right A large number of the members of the Vic torian ring have left for Sydney daring the week for the purpose of assisting at the Hawkesbury and A.J.C, meetings. Mr. F. C. Goyder reports having sold the racehorse Narrabri, to leave the colony; Glowlight (eon of the steeplechaser Glow light), and Lochinbar, by Argus Scandal. Feeling that his lock is out with Chrysalis, who has run five seconds for him, Mr. Goyder has determined to dispose of the mare, and Bhe is now for private sale at a reasonable figure. I am informed that a match has been made between Mr. Robbins's gelding Brown Hawk, and Mr. P. G. Dixon's Wanderer, to trot four miles, for £100 aBide, the match to take place at the Victorian club grounds, Elstern wick-p&rk;, on the 1st of November, when the V.T.C. will provide a programme for a day's sport From New Zealand I learn that Mr. G. G. Stead, finding that he will not have time enough to devote to his newly-formed stud, has decided to submit the whole of his stallions, brood mares, kc., to public auction. They will be disposed of in November, and as the collection contains some of the best mareB and horses ever imported, Australian etudmasters should endeavour to obtain some thing therefrom. By a majority of 43 to 17 the New Zealand House of Representatives has decided to amend tbe Gaming and Lotteries Act by legalising private sweeps as well as the totalieator. Mr. Hurtle Fisher had Handy Andy at Caulfield on Saturday last, and intended to start him for Mr. Robert Cbirnside's gold cup, but tbe stewards refused to allow Mr. T. Chad wick to ride. As Mr. Chadwick is quite as eligible to ride as an amateur as anybody that eported silk in the race, 1 presume he must have been refused because hie application was not lodged in time. And so with Mr. Hatton, who also was rejected. Mr. Fisher was somewhat disgusted, and scratched his horse. Surely the etewardB did not refuse them because they happened to be sons of re spectable tradesmen. The first great race of the spring has been decided, and has fallen to a worthy sports man, the Hon. James White, who is at pre sent in England. Hecla, who won so easily, is one of the Fisherman tribe, being a daughter of Maribymong and Alpaca, the latter being by Kingston from Lilla, the dam of Commodore and Javelin. Hecla is full sister to Woodlands, Bathurat, and Etna, so it will be seen she descends from running families on both sides. Mr. White purchased the dam from Mr. T. Lee a short time ago, and in doing so exercised a wise choice. 