THROUGH DEEP WATERS. By the Author or "A Strange Advbr. iisemeni." [Published by special arrangement with the author. All rights reserved.] Chapter XX. A solitary lamp burned in the studio of the Spanish painter, and its raj's lighting- but a small radius round the pedestal on which it stood, threw into deep gloom the further por tions of the wide room, and gave a ghost-like air to the white statues which seemed from their several stations to be quietly watching the master of all this art and beauty, who sat as motionless as they, with his head bowed down on his folded arms, crushed by a grief which could not endure even the touch and voice of friendship. " r.o where the hunter's hand hath wrung From forest cave her shrieking young, And calm the lonely lioness, But sooth not, mock not, my distress." And close by, complete in the perfection of art and nature, stood on its easel the picture that was never to quit the studio of its gifteel painter. "Was the glorious beauty of those features a mockery of the beauty that might, now wear the hues of death ? Here, living, breathing, glowing with the warmth of southern life; there, still and breathless, a faultless statue with hands folded on the breast, and closed lips that would nevei" smile again, and falling bail- that other bands than his bad touched tenderly for the last time. 3Sro hope; that was the message he had heard that day; and she had not asked for him; she had seemed to look for him, and had spoken of some one who could only be him, but she had uttered no name; and be could not, for her name's sake, demand to see her, unless her own wish broke down that barrier which even in the hour of death the world would still maintain between soul and soul. So he must watch and wait, and be content to learn from others how his bride's footsteps were passing downwards to the dark valley. " Solemnly, mournfully," reverberating through the summer night came the deep voice of the great bell at Westminster; it seemed like a passing bell; but it was not for that he started and sprang to his feet, but for the swift roll of wheels mingled with sonorous accents of the bell; an ordinary sound, surely in a London street, and yet the blood rushed to his heart as if some message bad come to him suddenly from the grave, and he stood listening. There was a moment's silence— the slam to of a heavy door, mingled voices and steps on the stairs in the gallery; the studio door was opened abruptly, without ceremony, and for the first time during his eight years' service Anselmo entered the pre sence of his master without a preliminary knock at the door. *' Signori, a servant has come from Lady de Clifford's house for you; there is not a mo meat to lose, he says." The last words were certainly needless ; "before a moment had passed the Spanish painter was in the hall below, where Lady de Clifford's footman waited, and before the hand of the clock at "Westminster pointed to the minute after ten, a cab was lessening the distance between Great Queen-street and Upper Grosvenoi'- street at a pace to which the driver was spurred by the promise of a sovereign as his guerdon. Cambaceres spoke but a few word3 to his companion. One question only he asked him. How was Miss de Clifford when he left the house? Ho better, the man answered, half choking; Lisetta, the maid, had said that she might not live through the night. The physicians and the priest were not with her, they were expected about eleven. Over the thick laid straw the swift wheels rolled with a muffled sound, and stopped, and once more that clay the sullen "thud" of the swarthed knocker brought hurried footsteps to the door. Across the lighted hall Lisetta came running, and in the background two or three of the servants gazed wonderingly on the tall and well-known form of the Spanish painter. "This way, signor," said the Italian. " Thank God you are come. You will save the signorina." In silence, with a step as noiseless as the light step-which conducted him, the West Indian followed his guide up the wide stairs along the corridor where Florence had paced so restlessly to and fro only that day,_ and Lisetta opened the ante-room. As she did so a white-veiled figure stepped hastily over the threshold, almost brushing against the painter, as she gave him one hasty glance, seeing, in the gloom in which he then was, nothing hut a dark resolute face, and went rapidly along the corridor. Florence de Clifford dropped the hands that hid her haggard features, and gazed on the beautiful countenance that was not turned to her; unconsciously or wilfully he ignored her presence, hut she did not attempt by word or look to arrest his steps now; it was too late. She had only to wait—wait till the Nemesis that had followed her i a sleuth-hound for more than twenty years should lay its re sistless grasp upon her, Lisetta laid her hand on the handle of the inner door. "This is the room," she said under her breath ; " she is alone." Alone he was to cross that threshold, sacred as the shrine of a saint, that threshold on which, even in such a moment as this, he bad almost paused. The door had opened and closed, and be stood within the dimly-lighted chamber; he saw the slight form with its crimson drapery, and falling haii1, with its hands outstretched to him, and the dark eyes, wildly bright, speaking far more even of the yearning heart than the half-stifled passionate cry— " Cola 1 Cola!" He was by her side, he was clasping her once more to his breast; once more past and future were blended and lost in one present of unspeakable joy, of unspeakable woe. There was no thought, no feeling, no knowledge, but that one overwhelming knowledge to which no name can be given in any language of earth. His life! even that word, with its sublime depth of meaning, would have seemed to him—could behave spoken then, too tame ; yet this she was indeed, for there were not two lives, but one, one life which not even the hand of Death should have power to wrench asunder, for Love, strong as Death, should win back from the very gates of the grave love that while outwardly it clasped an earthly object, lived in the immortality which gave it its strength, must surely have power, by the very might of its presence, to gain once more the conquest over death, claiming, if but as a humble follower, some share in that consecration which crowneiit eighteen hundred years ago with the unfading laurels of an eternal victory. Over the wandering reason at least that power had passed, for the trembling whisper that first broke the silence showed that the mind had awaked from its terrible dream, and was restored again to the beauty of harmony. " Cola, I could not die without seeing you, for your sake more than for mine. Ah! how much you must have suffered." How much! yet his first definite thought was of her only, and his first words were of hope and comfort. "Hush! Agnes,", he said, in a low quiver ing voice, " you cannot, talk of death now. God will have mercy. He has had mercy in this moment. He will not forget so many prayers." Agnes lifted her face, and looked for more ilian a minute with a clear, steadfast gaze into the painter's eyes; then her own eyes dropped, and she said slowly— "His will be done. It has been a long, dark night, and oh! Cola, it is not passed yet; it never can pass utterly away." "Would God," said the Spaniard pas sionately, " there were in truth a Lethe from which you might gain if but a few hours' oblivion." She did not answer him immediately, but nestled closer within his sheltering arms, like a weary child, and presently said shortly— "Perhaps God may give me my life, Cola; it cannot be wrong to pray for it. Have I been long ill ? Let me rest a little and try to re member." (To be continued.) Mrs, T, P. Hill, who arrived here some lime ago in indifferent health, has so far re covered as to be able to return to the under taking in which she has been for the past year1 engaged, viz., the collection of materials for her forthcoming contribution to litera ture, to be entitled '"The Old World and the jfew." The Lynch family of bellringers repeated their entertainment at the Town Hall ou Tuesday evening before a very good audience, when several new specialties were introduced. The bcllringing_ numbers were excellently rendered, and elicited loud applause, while the other portions of the entertainment also passc.d off satisfactorily, and were thoroughly appreciated by those present. The bellringers will appear again to-night. There was another well-filled house at the Theatre Itoyal on Tuesday evening when " The Woman in White" was repeated, and Mr. Peeve as Count Posco and the other leading members of the company were very well received. During the intervals the orchestra played the following selections in a very creditable manner: — Overture, "Le Chevaliers Breton" (Herman); waltz, "Woman in White" (Marriott); selection, "La Yestale" (Mercadante); polka, "Echo Mont Blanc" (Koenig); quadrille, "Furore" (Blanctian). This-evening "The Woman in White" will be repeated for.the last time by "command" of His Excellency the Governor who will be present to witness the per formance. 