giterato. STORY OF A SIN. I3i iht Author of *' Comiri thro* tkt Ryt. BOOK IL— HEAPED. Chaptee VIII. 'Twas he -Jave heat unto the injury which returned, Jiikea i-et;n--i ill-lighted inio the buaimi Of liim gave lire to'i. There followed on that visit to the Towers a period of the moat perfect rest and happinese that Mr. Eyre had ever fcnowD, for bis fears of Hester being lulled to sleep by Frank's assurance that Heater wasmore determined to avoid an interview with Madcap than the latter was to obtain it, and a!sc & keen s?nse of having r«- cov(.-:td iomtthing that he had almost lost, ^ave a c liar re. a zest to the merest trifle of tvtTj-dny e\W*.«nca in Madcap's company, to that, ure?n3Ciou3ly to himself, he was going tlirr.u^h ike phase that Madcap had i«ne aftex Frank had told her that he was the a'uwr, no* Mr. Eyre. It was one of those ideal au( umns that renew tho senses with all the vividness ?wiiLout the langor of aprinp, and late October itself brought no shroad of fo», and only an added charm and brilliaucy of atmoBp'here that kept Madcap and the chil dren out and about all day, often with Air. Fyre, though of tener still with Frank. Josephine would shrug her shoulders in despair as she followed the quartette, it was all so different to what she had ex pected ; and somehow that lying in wait J for the ghost had never taken place, one reason, perhaps, being-, that the apparition Lad not for n long time past appeared. About this time she would, with locked doors at night, gloat over certain trinkets iii:a gewpaws that had lately coma into her £-.sfi£fiuoii, though sometimes a shuddering1 tio'. jzht of the coin in which they were to Le pttid for, would make her hide them, even frcm her own eyes. Between the two woaien was no spoken contract, but Josephine knew how, gradu ally, and in such a way aa to disarm suspicion, Hester was making her arrange ments to leave the village, ' to pin her own people,'' she said, with a brightness on her face that seemed to tell of the ?welcome with which they would receive her. The village opinion had veer«d~ round towards her during the six months the had dwtlt among them, her utter indif fererce to the effect her beauty produced upon the men, her acquaintance wit a Frank limited to a few worda spoken on both sides when by chance they met, her pas siotfite devotion to Mr. Eyre's child that by some etrenpe hallucination (or so the villagers thought ) she believed to resemble her drowned child, had earned the respect of mere than o;i« wife and mother, though they wondered greatly that she should willingly leave the child in whose very life she teemed bound up. There were many prayers put up for Madcap in the village at this time, the chief beirg ttiat n woman child might bo bjrn to her, and so wiii ilr Eyre for the first time to love ti child or his own for the sake of it» resemblrtiice to its mother. ' 1 think if I'd got a new- born baby to lie in my arms,' said Hester one day in late October, when the gossips were wondering what yule-time would bring to the lied flail, *? 1 could bear to let one of ihe other cuts go. Couldn't you .'' ahe added sud denly to Sully of the mill. ' 1 don't know,' said Sal ruminatlngly. ' You see, 'we crumble when they're coming, ar.d there's the p-din —but there ain't a true -woman that haies the child for that. Hat scmthow, whether it's Tommy or L'olly, or Alat or Uili, they make their way to our htnrto, ar-d we 'c;m*t abide to lose them, tveL it ;he turial club do pay up hand tc tte. arid we have the satisfaction of know jug _ they're comtortabler up top as cheru blrus, wher*, havini: no stomachs, they can't fetl L r._-yy liko, as they do more or kit down belvvv. A^d wL'it with washing dnje, Bid a h-.-bin-l -etting tight most baturcoy Bi^-h:?,' sue added reflectively, ' lh«; chillen _-cts a poor tiite of it ; but there, you've *?otthe mother's heart, and you urdtistimd,'' ifce edded, clutching Hester's 0Eiirn-i band will: her own wdathei J-eatt-u horc-.-t one. Early in November there was circulated ( lie day in the vi.Li^e a raport of Mrs. Fjie'e^-udden Red premature illoe.-j. ilee itr w-*t one of the lirt-t to hear it, and tcfcrccly awniiu.u to cloak herself made her ?*ray to* the Kvd I'all, ai:d unobserved as *!?« thought rwiohed the nursery by tfce o^or lint fed isow it ti the garden. Itwss nbout - --*clcc!r, nnd in tho clear hv.U.u.i;u air the hous*- wore an uo wonted l- oi. of i-bttif uli^ess ai;d peace, so th it on lroliii-p Rt it use noticed less of the t'ro srn lL:owu from the reck behind it, than the red baiters i?ur.g by the sun on its hj3i:t ?wicdoTvfi, aud so gfving warmth to the otherwise cold col--riiigof ihe facade i Is ebe de»d i thought Iluster, as she turned the handle iad went in, struck by the quiet that reigned in the uuridrijs. As *he went forward, trembling and afraiJ, shebearda.tep behind her, ui turnSi came face to face with Mr. Eyre, who hid Ctea hti enter, and foliowad. ♦ Sbe neither moved nor spoke, but stool a pexnfitd image of detected guUt, feeling ibatwhatane haa periUedher«oaiandh« \V hat is jour errand here?' he aaid, mfloldsuspiciouareturcirg in full force as ne marked each sign of guilty terror written on her face. ' You were looking for my wife 'r' he added quietly. A sudden gleam ahot across'her features. He bad gnggeeted to her an idea, and ahe boldly seized upon it as a bulwark be hind which to shelter her real intention. « Why not?' she said sullenly. 'She ^as kind to me. I have a mind to see her — abe wants to see me. Timea and times 1 have cot out of her way; but now I weuld like to have a word with her be fore it is too late ; far she is ill, they say. and she might be beyond my reach tomor row. She isn't dead ?' she added, struck by the carious change that had passed over llr: EyreVface. ' Deafr!' he repeated, the hatred of his g1aMefthescomof his voice, keen as the stab of a knife to her heart; *rahd you living ? But yon. tempt fate,' he added abrnptli. . M gaw you your waning once befote; I gjfe.it you now anin. ICake one more tffort to see her, and the conse quences be on your own head.' 'You told me that before,' she said slowly, 'and I might have listened to you then. I'd only got a taste of happiness; and ft soul thats faint with starring will eometimes lay the bit of food down, feeling that she's got beyond it, and it's easier to die than to worry on; but when you have got to love your life,, and morning, noon, and sight your heart cries out to be fed, it isn't in human nature to go awav to oblige somebody who's bden cruel to'you from the beginning.'' Warned and stultified as was th« woman's instinct of right, even now it jet stirred in her towards the father of her dead child. She could hare forgiven him, she thought, if it had lived in his image, representing the good he might have brought to her life, and cot the evil; but implacable and stern, Mr. Eyre stood, the judge, not the sharer in the sin, and the moment of relenting scorched up in her breast as suddenly as it had been born. ' You can be reached through her,' she said, with one of those impulses of reckless untruth that sometimes will sweep a good asr^ell as a bad woman away, 'if she came in here sow this minute. I'd tell her before your eyes. It wouldn't take long to say; * Your husband it the father of my tleadchild. Lord Lovel told you a lie.' She came close to him, possessed by a rage that tempted violence, but Mr. Eyre returned her glance with a calmness that BliU farther maddened her. ** Perhaps you'll keep us apart after all,' she said, ' but deeds can speak as well as words ; and when you see her heart wrung, and her cheek white with misery, perhaps you'll understand a little of what I felt wben I ioat my baby.' Sbe ceased abruptly, terrified lest she she should have given him a clue, but as she moved a step away, her foot struck against something that lay on the ground. Her lips quivered, her eyes softened as she stooped and lifted the little shod and put it to her lips, crying out below her breath, 'Gb, my little love! my little asgel! I am good when you are in my arms — acd I don't hate her then — I'm not jealous of her then.' It' a woman had been by she must have understood what was in this poor wretch's heart, but Mr. Eyre saw nothing in the outburst but one frenzied woman's jealousy of another, salved over in her own eyes by a sentimental fondness for a child. ' Go !' he eaid, and held the door open. « Shall I ?' she said, pushing back the masses of black hair from her wild beauti ful eyes. ' Ay, but I'll come back. You shan't turn me from my purpose ; I'll carry it out to the end.'' ' Unless you die first,' he said. 'Die!' she repeated; 'and may not she die, as well as other people 'r Have you eter thought of that — how some day you may lose her, and so get your punishment at Last ? Even now sh9 is ill ? ' ' Who said so ?'cried Mr. Eyre, starting. ' So that touches you,' she said, bitterly ; 'But when your child suffers— is not that his voice r' she added abruptly, and went to the window and looked out. Madcap approached with the children, her straw bonnet pushed back, her face glowing with health and happy smiles as the bojs ran beside her. A look of bitter jealousy clouded Hester's face as she gazed ; perhaps she had never before been so struck by the difference in their two lots than at that moment; and Mr. Ejre, catching that look, was to be excused if afterwards it came back to him with a significance at once fatal and sinister. As the three disappeared, Hester moved to the door, but paused on the threshold and looked at Mr. Eyre. ?? I'll come back,' she said. ' You miy think to save her from me, but you won't ; perhaps after all there won't be a word tpottn between us ; but I'm going to reach her heart for all that— and if she dies, mind it's not I that killed her, but you — your sin and your punishment;' then, wrapping herself more closely in her cloak, hurried down the steps and was gone. Chapxue IX. l-'or 1 havi1 dreamed n dreary dream. licyoii'.l the 1-U- of .Skyr 1 -;nv ;i dead man win a ti^ht, J-nt 1 tliink that man was 1. Half an hour before dinner Mr. Eyre went to his wife's room, and found her sit ting at her toilet- table, a row of epen jewel cases before her that contained the dia monds she occasionally had brought out to make sure of their safety, and the idea seized him that she should wear them that night. 'Frank is coming,' he said. ' Some- how to-night reminds me of that one when I came home to you from Paris and dressed 3ouall in white — women like you should always wear white, just as there are others whom it would be unnatural to think of save in black. And that loose, soft robe you weie going to put on is white, and I should like to see how a coronet would become you. Will you wear it ?' he added in a strange voice, as he lifted it from its satin bed and held it above her head, she looking with pleasure at the dazzling move ment of the stones. ' Yi'S, if the children may come and eee me,' sbe said, turnicg her head from side to side: whereupon Mr. Eyre bade the woman bring the children, and meanwhile fastened her necklace and bracelets him self, and secured the lace at her neck with three brilliant stars. Dody came in bis nightgown. He had teen interrupted in his prayers, aud now from Josephine's arms clasped his little bands, and said in a frightened voice, 'Muamy's going to heaven )' while Douro, half in fear, lingered her bracelets, exclaiming that they were made of iire, KepiLiiiitly more perplexed than de lighted with her unwonted adornment. 1'eiLaps that luxuriance of womanly l-eauty that bad come to Madcap of late struck Mr. Kyreashe ga:-.*?dat the three; perhaps be then for the first time in his life leaiised how beautiful her motherhood waa a& she sat with 1'ody's dark flushed face against the whiteness of her breast, -while 1 -ouce. curioas to diecover how that necklace cf eparks had got fastened round her ntck, pteped over her shoulder, coui pUtir.g the group. Jn the background .losephine looked with gitcdy, sparkling eyes at the jewels in which her inistre' » was decked, while the mfeid's stolid tyes expressed more ama/.* n.tnt at tlan covetcujL6?s of the baubles. Mr. Evie was s-ttuck by .Josephine's l*xik» and as be lifted iJjdy oat ot bis mother's mm*, and placed him in those of the woman, be esid to himself that in future he would Mudy her more carefully than he hud Liihdto done. Docy knew better than to resist, but his lips quivered, and a look of d- .-phi; came into tbe little face. 'i'tep w:/ mummy,*' he said, implor intlv, as tb^y carried him away, the con trast of hit warm nest in his mothers araw and the loneliness of his little cot piercing bun with the sense of loss and misery as be went But sooner than Dody dreams i of was he to be safe with his mother, to deep, ay, and to awake with her, tin threads of their lives interwoven to all eternity. 'Don't look ao sad,' said Mr. Etr8,a« they went down stairs together. ' In two minutes Dcdj will be safe again in your arms — in dreamland.' i. ' Wi*» uwe J^68n hoW'g a dress re hmwl.' he added, as they entered the drawing-loom, and Fiank rose to meet them. Mr. Eyre led her to her own chair, brought a footstool, arranged a screen to gnard her from draughts,, but Frank eaid nothing. He wag looking at Madcap and wondering at her beauty, till catching that fixed loot, she laughed, and said he was as nnappreciative of her diamonds as the chil dren had been. 'A glowworm will outshine them,' said Mr. Ejre. ' I saw threo to-night, tempted out in the belief that spring had come again, I suppose.'* vZiP*1,1* Teiy *amMo»V' «u3 Frank. ' Where did you see them '?' 'In Sjnge- lane,' said Mr. Eyre care lessly, and both Frank and Madcap looked up suddenly ; but Mr. Eyre's eyes were inscrutable, and told nothing. Yet. he seemed to be laboring under strong nervous excitement, and presently eomething occurred to cause Frank the keenest anxiety. They were crossing the hall to the dining- room when Mr. Eyre suddenly stopped, his dilated eyes appa rently fixed on something in the distance. *' Look !' he exclaimed. ' Did you eee that under the clock?' They looked, but there was nothing. Frank knew the legend but Madcap did not, how when death or misfortune of any' kind threatened the Eyres the uncouth' figure of a dwarf appeared for a few seconds to one of the family beneath ihe old clock on the stain. But in a moment Mr. Eyre had re covered himself, and led Madcap into the beautifully-lit room. 'See,' he said, 'the table is dressed with as much care as you.' And to her surprise she saw a quantity of beautiful hothouse flowers placed in the centre of the table, and a small choice bouquet laid beside each napkin. 'Where could the gardener have got them ?' exclaimed Madcap. ' He had not one in the place this morning, and he will sever beg any from the surrounding houseB.' , « Oh, I got them,' said Mr. Eyre, care lessly ; ' that honest fool had nothing to do with it. Try that wine, Frank ; it has been in the cellar over a hundred years. I bade them bring it out to-night in your honor.' Frank just tasted the wine, but he was haunted by an uneasiness that Mr. Eyre's every look and word tended to confirm. He 'knew how danger roused and excited this remarkable man, stimulating his intel lectual powers to extraordinary brilliancy, and while Madcap laughed in delight at her husband's spirits Frank felt more and. more convinced that something terrible had befallen Hester. ' No, you are wrong,' said Mr. Eyre, suddenly turning his keen eyes upon the young fellow. *? Glowworms/Frank, have been known to walk in at an open window, attracted by the light ; and moths, too, are often attracted to their own destruction ; but they do not kill, thev are usually killed.' Madcap looked from one to the other per plexed. ' It is nothing,' said 3Ir. Eyre smiling ; ' it Is an old jest, Madcap ; yet all jests must have an end. Your health; and yours, Frank. May next year find you both as handsome and as happy as you are now.' *' And you,' cried Madcap, ' What of you r;I 'jNotmng, ne saw, removing a glass that sLe was lifting to her lips. ?' You know, Madcap, I always had an horror of toaets or weddirge, as well as of black beetles,' he added laughing. He kept his hand upon hera, talking non sense, until she had forgotten her inten tion ; then Frank declining to take any more wine, they went back tu the drawing ingroom, -where a cheerful wood fire burned and seemed to invite their company. They drtw round it, Madcap between them; and never had an hour passed to her more happily than with these two ba eide her, whose love made such an atmo sphere of reBt and content. At half-past 0 Mr. Eyre rose. ' I must leave you,' he eaid, ' but not for long. Don't let Frank go until I come back. I have work that must be done to-night, and then — ay — then ? ' ' Then we will be happier than we ever were before, cried Madcap ; ' will we not, Frank r' ' You will be,' said Mr. Eyre, with a scarcely perceptible accent on the ' you.' '? Well, good-bye, you two souls that I love best on earth. I'shaw! my farewell be comes as solemn as a blessing.' He paused at tbe door to look at them fixedly, smiled, then went into the library. They heard the key turn the lock as the door clostd. ' There are but few pages to add to this book,' eaid Madcap, whose face had shaded over at his departure, ' and then he will rest, he will be himself again.' She turned to the piano, then, rec Electing that Mr. Eyre must not be disturbed, closed it and approached the window. u There will be a moon to-night,' she said, lifting the curtain and looking through the glaBS left unshuttered each night until the had retired to rest. Frank came to her side, and together they looked out at the blue-black dome, pierced with a million darts of lire, tipped with wild, blue, spirit-like brightness — at ruddy Mars and brilliant Sirius, already beginning to pale before the crescent just rising out of the silver-lined clouds. 'I never look at the stars,'' she said, ' without thinking of that Vendean peasant who, on being told that the church steeples were to be demolished, and so the last traces of their religious belief swept away, said \- You may do that, but you cannot abolish our stars, and we see them from a much greater distance.' '' Frank thought she looked a part of the starlit sky itself, something, too, of its solemn beauty seemed to have touched her, as she went on wistfully — ' How it quiets one to look at them ; how all one's little angry jealous thoughts drop away. One sees the temptation, not the fall ; the struggle after right, not the failure. One scorns nothing ; no one ? '' ' Frank,*' and she turned to the young fellow, ' I seem to see things so differently row — open the window a little way, and let me see the eky without the glass between. I think I u&ed; to look at many things as through glass, Frank ; not face to face, as 1 look at them now, or heart to heart, as 1 spoke lo Hester to-day.' ?* 1 ou nave spoten to ner . exclaimed Fiank, stai ting violently, while at the same moment the heavy curtain over the door by which he stood was shaken aB if some one had stirred it. ' Yes. When I came in this afternoon I couldn't find Mr. Eyre, and we went out again, ard 1 met her in the grounds. And she forgives me for any wrong I ever did her; and she is a good woman, trank. If I die — she will be good to Dody. And she kissed me, Frank, and I her : and you'll be kind to her if — if — ?' What do you mean, Madcap h' he cried, in misery. ' Does anything weigh on your mind r Have jou any presentiment of trouble r' '* No,1' she said ; it is because I am so happy, and thioirs seem so clear to me to night — as though I had got out into a ymet air, and it was easy to see things as tiny rtally are. I know now that I need not Lave been miserable about the Duchess, ai:d 1 was wicked towards you. J5ut that's all over now : only you'll remember some day that I told you so. And you've made n-e veiy happy, Frank — and Dody loves vou.' ' God bless you. Madcap '.'' he said, and l;i-ted her band, feeling that ebe had given him tbe crown, the reward of his long faithfulness to her. Hut some one outside, ^ — ? — ? ? — ^——~ ^ ... — who did not hear the words spoken, ie&nei; forward and looked after the young pair as thej moved from the window bsck into the room. She tried one of the two doors that com municated with the library. It w-w locked, and though she called him, Mr. Eyre did net reply. *' I am tired,' she said to Frank, ' and I will Uave you now. You will wait a littla while for him.' Frank said that he would ; and having bid each other ' good night,' she turaei at the door to lcok back aud aarile. So he saw her for the last time in life— so for sixteen years he remembered her— the sweet little tyrant of his youth, the love of his early manhood— Madcap— Mid- cap! fTo he continued.) 