EENDEDICT RESUEEECTUS ! Though more than a dozen years have passed since tho arch-humbugs were present with us in the llesh, moat honest folk have still a ' lively recollection,' as Sir Henry Parkes hath it, of the Premier's staunch friends, ' Meyers' or ' Myers the Jew,' and 'Benedict;' neither are we soon likely to forget how completely their patron was ' had' by those ^«asi-informers on the notorious ' Kiama Ghost' swindle ; but, surrounded as we are by alL the advancement or cms year or grace, few people expected to see either of tho false swearers turn up again in New South Wales. Curious as it may appear, the undesirable element onoe more crops up in our midst ; and although the mauvais sujet comes to us, for the occasion, under the nominal protection of ' the O'Connor' family, none can fail to identify the professional seller of men's lives for filthy lucre Were it needful I could give much proof that the ' Benedict ' of Kiarna, and the ' Patrick O'Connor' of the Evening Neios must hail from the same cockatrice' egg ; but with very small circumlocution I will remind my readers, that ' Benedict ' set the example to ' Mr. Patrick O'Connor,' to demand a certain fixed sum for his work, to name a cortain number of Fonians, on whom ho could put his thumb ; the main difference (and this only in detail) being, that, in consequence of the march of intellect since Bene dict's day, Mr. O'Connor of the News points out twenty implicated ruffians, in plaoe of the dozen his prototype denounced. That my statistics are right, is shown in the follow ing doggrel, published at the time in a Sydney newspaper, a long, long way after Barham's ' Lay of St. Nicholas.' It seemed to have happened in this way : — The D ? 1, disguised as Benedict, in an orthodox suit of sub fuse, having surreptitiously obtained access to the New South Wales Premier in his sanctum, proceeded to unfold his scheme to the great man, after the following fashion. (B.) ' My boon is this, the guest he said, Of it I make no mystery ; Give me the rewards of which I've read, I'll show you a grand conspiracy. I want no barney 'twixt mo and you, I won't share nothing with no police ; .' But I'll find a dozen good men and true, ' And hang- the lot at a tlion a-picce. ? A thou a-piece for each Fenian head, A loo,n for inyself— a hundred— so be it j Gry done ! and I'm oif to my virtuous bed. — (P.) Now, nay, good. Benny ! I really can't see it.' ? However, they struok a bargain, and the history wound up with— , ' So Benedict went, With religkms intent, And down the next day his ' portmantle' was; sent ; And I'll give, as a freak, ? ? His letters in Greek, Translated for canto the second, nest week.' But from that time Benedist didn't turn up ; and now hearing of the Garden Palace wreck, he has' thought it a good opportunity to try once more his persuasive powers on the gullible Premier. The most cursory look down the letter to the Neios, discloses the ideas of ' Benedict' pervading the writing of 'Mr. Patrick O'Connor ;' for the latter- not only sets his lump sum of' £20,000, at just the regulation ' thou a-piece' jFor his victims, but he also hints deli cately at 'a loan for 'myself' in (he shape of that mysterious 'monkey' (£500) to be pro mised by members of Parliament, in lieui of a mythical thousand he would have received, if hid ' infernal machine' had bided its time. I confess to having been puzzled to find a meaning for the now coinage, ' Triduum,' lately much in vogue ; but I've easily discovered that 'Benedict,' 'Meyer,' and 'Patrick O'Connor' give us triajuncta in uno without any mistake. The great ''Enry' of our day may, perhaps, r.ot be quite as easily bamboozled aB was the ''Enry:- of 1869, for then there was no titular prefix to the ex-aspirated H, neither had Aus tralia's proudest Premier become accustomed to find his understandings under real royal maho gany, as if to the manner born ; but there iB very little doubt tliat if Mr. Patrick O'Connor of the News will only bedaub our 'Enry with blarney, his offers will be well considered, and he himself be found hob- nobbing with the great man. The much-banquetted Parkes might be glad to ques tion some of the 'suspects,' while a behindthe door phonographist from a leading journal could do the Pittman. NEPOS. 