THE REVISION OF THE AUTHO RIZED VERSION OF THE NEW TESTAMENT. paper xviii. In the present and following paper it is proposed to examine the alterations which the Revision Committee have introduced into Romans viii. In verse 1, the words " Who walk not after the flesh but after the Spirit" are omitted. There is considerable variety in the readings of those words in those authorities in which they; or part of them, are contained. In verse 2, "Hath made me free," is changed into " made me free." The, tense expresses a single past act, and refers to the one marked bestowal of the Holy Spirit upon St. Paul at the great change and turning point of his life. .In verse 3, "for sin" is. changed into " as an offering for sin." The expression is literally " concerning sin," but the idea is defined by the constant recurrence of the phrase in the Septuagent for a sin offering. In this sense it occurs' more than 50 times in the Book of Leviticus alone. See, for example, Leviticus xvi. 5; Psalm xl. 7. Hebrews x. 18. In verse 4, " righteousness" is changed into ." ordinance." The etymological form of the word precludes the rendering . ',' righteousness," and the rendering "jus tification" adopted by the Vulgate. The precise meaning of " ordinance" here may be gathered from the paraphrastic trans lation adopted by both Tyndall and Cover- dale— "the righteousness required by the law." ' ; In verse 6, "to be carnally minded,'.' and " to be spiritually minded" are .changed into "the mind of the flesh," and " the mind of. the spirit," the refer ence in the second case being to the higher part of man's immaterial nature — the spirit as distinguished from the soul (see 1 Corinthians xv. 44: and 1 Thessa- lonians v. 23) not to the Divine Spirit, the Holy Ghost. : In verse 7, "the carnal mind" is changed into " the mind of the flesh," the expression in- the Greek being the same as in the preceding verse. In verse 8, " So then" is changed into "And." "This correction," writes Bishop Ellicott, " necessary for the logic of the passage as well as for the removal of the thoroughly erroneous assumption that de can never be equivalent to own. The par- ."ticle has here its usual transitional force. It reverts to the abstract statement in the first clause of verse 7, and adds to it the illustration, of actual experience ; the second clause of that verse being paren thetical.. In English we have probably no better translation than. the . simple 'and,' but it is confessedly defective, as not marking the transition (from the ab stract to . the . concrete) that is brought out by the de. The only other translation '. now,' as used in our ordinary argument ative English, is too strong, and suggests too much the commencement of a fresh argument, whereas we have here only the continuation under a slightly changed form of foregoing statements. These may seem at first mere nicities, but on sober con sideration it will be seen that our appre- , ciation.of the, mind of the inspired writer > depends on our due recognition of them. All corrections of this nature aire impor tant and necessary." : "Dwell" is changed into " dwelleth," . the indwelling of the Spirit! being cori- .templatedj . not as a possibility, but , as ' actually existing. ; Com pare' 1 Corinthians iii. 16, vi. .l9. A similar change is made 'in verse 11. ' In verse . 9, " Now " is changed into "But." In verse 10, "Christ" is inserted before "Jesus." "By His Spirit" is changed , into ; " Through His Spirit," Both these s changes are; due to the adoption of diffe rent readings from those followed by the translators in 16 14. The reading adopted by the Revision Committee expressly as serts the agency of the Holy Spirit. Ac cording to the other reading the principal reference might be "to the ennobling and consecrating effect of the. indwelling of . the -Holy Spirit in the human body (as in 1 Corinthians vi. 19) from which the future redemption and immortality of the body might reasonably be inferred;" (Dean Vaughan.) , \- In verse', 12, "Therefore" is changed into. " So then." . In verso 13, " Ye shall die"; is changed ' into "Ye must die." " Through the Spirit'-' intorA' By the Spirit;" do morti- fy,".into!"mortify,'' f The clause' f.'thfough ' the Spirit" .'is:' placed before, not : after, .".ye.";; transposition ' greater ' prominence is given to the tbriught of the agency of'the Spirit. ' U ' In verse 14, '.' They are the sons of God " is changed into " These are sons of God." By this change the class of "sons of God," while represented as embracing all who are led by the Spirit of God, is not limited to these. ' In verse 15, " Ye have not received " is changed into " Ye received." A definite time. The time of becoming Christians is referred to. " To fear " is changed into "unto fear." By this change all possibi lity of " fear" being mistaken for a verb is obviated. In verse 17, " together" is changed into " with Him," the thought here being of the union of Christians . in glory with Christ, rather than with their fellow Christians. 