0ONSE0EATION' OF THE BISHOP OF BRISBANE. The Right Rev. Dr. Dunne, Roman Catholic Bishop of Bris bane, was consecrated in St. Stephen's Cathedral, in that city, on Sunday, June 18. From the Brisbane Courier we extract the following account of the proceedings : — The ceremony, which commenced a little after half-past 11, was carried out with all the fullness prescribed in the Pontificate Romanum under the able direction of the Very Rev. Dean Dwyer, most efficiently assisted by the Rev. J. J. Horan, and was one which will not soon pass from the memories of those who witnessed it. As the procession poured out from the two sacristies all eyes were strained to catch sight of the dignitaries who had come to .take part in the proceedings. From the Epistle aide came the enfanta de chcsur in great numbers, the acolytes and priests in surplice and sou tane, and from the opposite sacristy the deacon (the Rev. J. A. Canali), the sub-deacon (the Rev. J. M. Cummins), and the assistant priest of the mass (the Rev. J. P. Connolly), followed by the Most Rev. Dr. Vaughan, Archbiahop of Sydney, the , Metropolitan of the province, who was the consecrating prelate on the occasion. As Boon aa his grace was vested for the solemn function, the assistant bishops, the Right Rev. Dr. Murray, of Maitland, and the Right Rev. Dr. Lanigan, of Goulburn, withthe Bishop-Elect and the Right Rev. Dr. Cani, all four attended by their chaplains, came forth into the sanctuary, and 'the whole body of the clergy approached the foot of the high: altar together, and remained there for a moment in prayer. When his grace, clad in his full pontificals, and bearing the pallium which the Holy Father conferred on him some years ago, was thus surrounded by his assistants in white copes and mitres, the Bishop of Rockhampton in his purple garb, the richly vested clergy who were to take part in the mass, the elect in white cope and purple biretta, and the other ecclesiastics, each in appropriate attire, the spectacle was one rarely if ever surpassed in an Australian church. The varied hues, the chaste and graceful decorations of the sanctuary, the sacred insignia that flaahed like the Urim and Thummim did of old, the flowers, the lights, the well-trained voices- of the choir Binging the JScee Sactrdos, the reverend heads bent in prayer, the rapt attention, the solemn Btillneaa of the immense congregation, could not fail to strike even the most indifferent spectator. BesideB thoae whose names have been already given, there were present in the sanctuary the Rev. D. J. Byrne, chaplain to the Bishop elect ; the Rev. F. Hand, chaplain to Dr. Murray ; the Rev. A. Horan, chaplain to Dr. Lanigan ; the Rev. T. O'Connell, chaplain to Dr. Cani ; the Very Rev. Dean Kenny, the Rev. Dr. Capra, the Rev. J. B. Breen, the Rev. B. Scortechini, the Rev. P. Corrigan, and the Rev. J. P. Fitzpatrick. The Rev. D. Fouhy and the Rev. J. O'Reilly had charge of ? the arrange ments in the body of the church, and it is only justice to- them to say that they discharged the trying duties which devolved upon them with admirable tact and courtesy. After a moment apent in prayer, as has been said, the con secrating prelate took his seat on the fald-Btool placed for him in front of the high altar, and the ceremony commenced by the assistant bishops presenting to him the eleot. The senior assis tant bishop then addressed his grace as follows:— 'Moat Reverend Father, our Holy Mother, the Catholic Church, asks of you to promote the priest here preBent to the heavy office of a bishop.' The consecrator demanded the apostolic mandate, and thiB having been read by the Rev. J. B. Breen, who was acting notary, the elect -was sworn to be obedient to the Holy See; after which his examination commenced as commanded by the Fathers of the Church, and recommended by the. Apostle, who says— 'Impose not hands lightly upon any v man.' The I fathers teach that be who is chosen for the rank of a bishop' must be diligently examined with iall Christian charity concern ing the Trinity, and interrogated upon the different mattera and morala befitting epiacopal government. Thia ia a very aolemn part of the rite. The archbishop and his two assistants being seated and mitred, and the elect also seated, the following ques tions were put, which are interesting, as Bhowing the qualities on which the Catholic Church most inaiBtB in thoae whom Bhe calls to a share in her government :— 'Wilt thou,' aaid the conaecrator, 'both by word and example, teach the flock for which thou art ordained those things which thou understandest from the Holy Scriptures?' and the bishop elect rising and lifting his biretta answered, ' Volo' — 'I wilt' Again he was asked-—' Wilt thou reverently receive, teach, and keep the traditions of the orthodox fathers, and the' authoritative enactments ; of the Holy and Apostolic See?' and again he answered, 'I will.' 'Wilt thou uniformly render to Peter, the bleaaed Apostle to whom by God waa given the power ?of binding and loosening, and to His Vicar Leo XIII., and to his BuccesBors the Bishops of Rome, fidelity, subjection, and obedience, according to the injunctions of the canons?' 'I will.' 'Wilt thou restrain thy practices from all evil, and to the utmost of thy power, God helping, direct them to all good neaa?' .'I will.' 'Wilt thou, -with God's assistance, observe thyself and teach others to observe chaatity and sobriety ?' ' I will.' ' Wilt thou forever continue a bondsman in the affairs of God, and estranged from earthly affairs and base lucre aB far human frailty permits thee?' 'I will.' ' Wilt thou preserve humility and patience in thyself, and teach the like to others?' 'I will.' 'Wilt thou for the Bake of God's holy name be affable and merciful to the poor, to the stranger, and to all in need?' 'I will.' The interrogatories being over, the elect made a profession of hia belief in the several doctrines of the Church, anathematising every heresy, and acknowledging the Almighty God as the author of the Old and New Testaments. After these important preliminaries, the Pontifical high mass was commenced, with which, from this point forward, the rite of consecration was interwoven. When the introductory psalm was recited, and the archbiahop was ascending the steps of the altar, the elect waa conducted to his chapel, and was vested with sandals, pectoral cross, flowing stole, tunic, dalmatic, chasuble, and maniple, and proceeded to recite the service of the mass, simultaneously with the consecrating prelate, at the high altar. After the tract he was presented again to the archbishop, who instructed him on the duties of his office, saying that the duties of a biahop are to judge, to interpret the Scriptures, to make oblation, to baptise, and to confirm. ThiB pithy but comprehensive summary of his functions being delivered, the consecrator knelt before his seat, the other biahopa and clergy knelt in their respective places, and the elect prostrated himself while the Litany of the Saints was being sung, with especial suffrages for the ceremony. The archbiahop then took the Book of the Goapels, and, with the assistance of the other bishops, Bilently placed it on the neck and shoulders of the elect, and in thia poaition it waa held till it was delivered to him at a later stage of the ceremony. And now took place the first solemn imposition of hands, each of the three biahopa touching the head of the elect with both handa, saying ' Accipe Spiritum Sanctum,' ' Receive' the Holy Ghost ;' after which, the conaecrator's mitre being removed, he offered up the prayer ' Propitiare Domine' and proceeded) to intone the preface of the mass, which ia a leading feature in the rite. In the middle of the preface he commenced the ' Veni Creator Spirilus,' which waa immediately taken up by the choir, and while thia beautiful hymn was being rendered the head, of the elect was anointed with chriam, and the grand preface, so full of aublime prayers and beautiful thoughta, brought to a close. The next intereating feature in the ceremony waa the anointing of the handa, after which the crozier was blessed and given to the new bishop, and the ring having been likewise blessed was placed on his finger. The crozier and ring having been given with due formB, the archbishop received the Book of the Gospels (which had been hitherto held open over the shoulders of the elect), closed it, and presented it to the touch of the newly-consecrated, Baying, ' Receive the gospel and go forth and preach it to the people committed to thee, for God is powerful to augment His grace to thee, who liveth and reigneth world without end. Amen.' After this, the new biBhop received the kiBS of peace from the conaecrator and hia assistant prelates, and returned to his chapel, where the chriam waB wiped from his head and hands with crumbs of bread and linen. Mass being continued down to the Offertory, when the elect, with the pre scribed reverence, made offering of two wax candles, two loaves of bread, and two miniature casks of wine to the conaecrator, who received them sitting aud mitred. MaoB waa again continued to the Communion, when both the conaecrator and consecrated prelate partake of the aame host and chalice. At the conclusion of the mass the mitre of the new biahop waa blessed and aet upon hia head with aolemn form aa ' a helmet of defence and Bulvation ;' the gloves were blessed, and, his ring being removed, are placed upon his hands with appropriate prayer. Then the ring was put on the gloved finger, and the consecrator, rising with the assisting prelates, placed the newlj-consecrated in his seat, put the crozier in his hand, and, bowing to the altar, com menced the ' Te Deum.' While the great Ambroaian hymn waa being magnificently given by the choir, the Right Rev. Dr. Dunne waa led by the assistant biahopa round the church, giving hia first episcopal benediction to the congregation. When they returned to the sanctuary an anthem waa sung, and the conse crator prayed aloud that God, the Shepherd and Ruler of the faithful, may grant to the newly-consecrated prelate, by word and, example, to benefit thoae over whom he presides, that with the Hook committed to hia care he may come to life everlasting. And then the customary reverences and salutations brought the Long but highly interesting and impressive ceremony to a close. 