SUNDAY READING.; Our XJrgent Need of tlie Holy; • Spirit. ; By the Eev. C. -H.'Spbeoboh. ' Through the power of the Holr Ghost.'—Boat, xv.' 13. By the power of the Spirit of God.'—Boar. xv. ID; j DEStBE to draw your attention, atthis IDESIBE to draw your attention.,at -this v time to thergreat necessity , which exists for.the continual-manifestation ofvtlie!power of the Holy. Spirit in the church- of - God; if t>y her means; the multitudes are; to,bo gathered to the. Lord. Jesus. ,1 did not/know how jl could much better do 8) than by first, showing that; the Spirit of • God is necessary .' to .tlie churcbi of God for its .own; internal. growth; in grace. Hence ray text in the. thirteenth verse, ' Now the God of hope fill you with all joy and peaee in • believing, that.:yo, may abound < in hope, through the power of tho.Holy.Ghosl,'-— where it is evident that the .apostle attributes the power to be filled with joy and peace in be lieving, and tlie,p>wer: to .abound in hope, to'; the Holy Ghost. But, tlien,. 1 wanted;aLso to') show you that thopo wer of the church outside, that jwith which she ;is to -;be.ag-»r^9sivo arid work upon.the world for the , gathering,out;qf. God's elect fromamong men, is also .the same* energy of the Holy Spirit. Hence I have taken the nineteenth verse, for the apostle there siys. that God had. through? him mode 1' the. Gen tiles obedient by word : and:;de''d, ..through mighty signs and wonders, by ilie.power of tlie Spirit of God.' So you see, dear friends, that) first of all to keep the church happy and; holy, within herself there must be a manifestation of the. power of the Holy , Spirit, and secondly, that the church may invade, the territories; of* the enemy and may . conquer the world, for, Christ she must he .clothed; with the; self-same sacred energy. We may. then go further ancL •ay that the power of the; church .for external; work will be proportionate to. tbe,power which dwellB witbin herself. Gauge the , energy: of. the Holy Spirit in the hearts,of ;helievers and. you may fairly calculate ,their ,influeDCO; upon unbeHevers. Only. let. the church .ho. illu minated by the Holy 8pirit and she willreflect the light and become to. onlookers.-f fair; as th:e moon, clear as the sun, and..terrible asi aii army with banners/ i: : o ■>■< j L - To begin, then, the power of,the Holy Ghost is manifested in the quickening , of. souIb • to spiritual Ufe., All tho; spiritual life whicli exists in thisworld is the creation of tlie. Holy Spirit, by, whom the l ord Jesus quickeneth whomsoever he will. Touandl had not life enough to know our death till he visited us; we had not light enough to perceive that we were in darkness, nor sento . enough to feel our misery j we were so utterly abandoned, to our own folly that, though ;we . were naked, and poor, and miserable, we dreamed that we were rich and increased in goods. We were under sentonce of death as condemned criminals, and yet we talked about merit and reward; yea, wo were dead, and yet we boosted th*t we were alive—counting our very death to be our life. The. Spirit of God in infinite mercy came to us with his mysterious power, and mado us lire The first token of life.was a consciousness of our being in the realm of death, and an. agony to escape from it; we began to perceive our in sensibility, and,if I may be pardoned such; an expression, we saw our blindness Every growth of spiritual life,, from the. first tender shoot until now, has also been the work of :the Holy Spirit.; . As the green bladewusliis pro duction, eo is the ripening corn. ; The increase, of life, as much as life atthe ^beginning, must still come by the operation pf the Spirit of God, who raised up Christ from .the dead. : You will ncTcr have .more.-life,; brother, oxcept as the Holy Ghost bestows it^upon you; yea, you will not even know that you • want more, nor. groan after more, except as he worketh in you to desire and to agonise, according to his own good plea sure. Sec, then, our absolute dependence upon the Holy Spirit; for.if he,were gone we.should relapfe. into/spiritual death, and the Church would became a charnel-house. v ' , .. The Holy Spirit is absolutely needful to make everything that we; do- to..be alive. .-We are sowers, brethren, but if. we, take dead seed ,in our seed:basket there,will not .be aiharvest. The preacher must preach living truth in.a lir) ing manner if he expects to obtain a hundred fold harvest. How much. there) is,. of; church work which is nothing better than, the 'move ment of a galvanised corpse. How much of religion is done as if it were performed; by an automaton, or ground off.by machinery. Now a-days men care little about heart and eoul, they only look at outward performances. Why, I hear they have now. invented a machine which ;talks, though surely there was. talk enough without this Parisian addition to the hand of prattlers ; We can preach as machine?, we can pray as machines, and wo: can teach Sunday school as machines.Men can rgive mechanically, and come to the communion table mechanically: yes, and we ourselves shall do so unless the Spirit of God . be with.us. ,Most hearers know what it is to hear, a live 'sermon which quivers all over with"fulness of .energy j you also know what it is to sing a hymn in a livcty manner, end you know what it is to unito in a live prayer-meeting; but, ah, if the Spirit of God be absent, all that the church does will be lifeless, the rustle of leaves above a tomb, the gliding of spectres, tho congregation of the dead turning over in their graveB. .. As the Spirit of God is a quickoner. to make us alive and our work alive, to must ho Bpocially be with us to make those alive with whom we have to deal for Jesus. Imagine a dead preaclior preaching a'dead. sermon to dead sinners;• "what can possibly comoof it? ^Here is a beautiful ossay-which has s been i admirably elaborated,' and- it lis: coldly* read - to •..the: cold hearted sinner. *. :It; smells of tho midnight oil, but it* has mo heavenly .unction,- no divine power routing upon it nor, perhaps* is that powereven looked for. ' "Whet good can < como of such a •production p.;• -••• •.,j <«:.«;■ ^ v../bj,/ \- :-We are utterly dependent here, and for-my part I rejoice in this; absolute dopondenceldilf X could''have i a stock of spower to mivo : souls which iwould be. all. my i own apart from the Spirit- of- God,-I: cannotr suppose- a i.greater temptation to pride and to living at a^'distance ;from God; j-Ifc is well to.bo: weakviri-iself,' and better still to bo nothing j* to be simply; the pen in the hand of the Spirit.of: God* .'unable;to write a single-letter..upon, the-tablois of the human heart oxc'ejpt as the hand,^.the.Holy Spint'shall use Vs for .that purple. ;^at is reiUIy'our position,!ah(I we' oughtpfactically'to .take it up ; and doing so wo shall t continually cry tb'the"Vpint;of;:Gbd to quickemus'in all 'things^and quieten aUtHatwe doVaudlquick'cn the word as it drops into the sinnerVe'MV I am quite certain that n'churehwhichis'doroid of life cannot be the means of life-giving to tlio to the dead sinners around; it. -No. •' Every thing acts after, its kind, and we must -liavo a living churcli: for .living-, work; ; O thab God would quicken every member oft this cliurcli! .'iWhafcj'^say yo.u,/r,do ,you .tliink sonio;of us aro.notaiiyo,.unto.God?.', .Brethren, ,there,are some of you concerning, whomI.am cortnin, as far as one-can judge of. another, tha^you have Jife, for wo can sec it'in all(thiit, you. dov;,.but there are 'some*others pf you cbncernihg whoso spiritual life one lias'toexcrcisc'a good deal'of faith and a great deal more charity, for wc;'do notj'porceivb ih 'you' much' activity iii''God's cause*;nor care' for tlio souli of others, nor' zeal for tlib divine 'glory.!> :If - wo do-not Ved; any fruits,.what can,we do,hut earnestly pray that •you.may not turn out.tobo barren trees?- h; ' . That is the first point, and we, think: it is.as clear as possible that we must have the quick ening power of .'the, hpirit for ourselves if ,wo are 'to be: the means in tlie hands of God-of awakening dead' soulsl : '1/ II. Next it is one of the peculiar offices "of the Holy Spirit to enlighten his peopled Ho has done so. by giving* us his Word, whichi'he has inspired; but the Book, inspired though it be* is never spiritually understood by any man apart from the.. personal teaching of its great Author. You may read it as much as you will, and mover discover. the: inner. and.Tital jsense unless your, soul shall be led into it by the Holy Ghost himself.;. * What,1.- s-iitli one, .'I ^liave learned the shorter catechism and. 1 have,got the creed by heart, and jet do I.know nothing ?' . I answer, you havo.done . well to learn the .letter .of truth, but you still need jhe Spirit of "Gpdjto make it the light and power of God to your soul. The letter you may know, and know it "better than some who know also .the 'spirit! .ai*d I do not for a moment depreciate almowlcdge of the'letter, unless you suppose : that there." is something' saving in mere head;' knowledge; but the Spirit of God: must; come, and; make the letter alive to you, transfer it to your heart, •et it on fire sad make, it burn within you,' 'or else its divine force and majesty will be'hid from your eyes; No man knows the tlungs'of God save he to whom the Spirit of God has revealed them. No carnal mind can under stand spiritual things. Half of the hercsyfn the chprch of God is not wilful error, but error which springs of not knowing the truth, not searching the Scriptures with&;teachable heart, not submitting the mind to: the .light of .the Holy Ghost.' .Wo should, as & rule, treat heresy rather as ignorance to-be enlightened than;as crime to be condemned; save, alas, that- some times it becomes wilful .perversity,, when the mind is, greedy,after novelty, or puffed up5 with self-confidence: then bthertreatment may ^.he come, painfully necessary. 7 Beloved, if . the 8pirit.of 'God .will* but enlighten the church thoroughly there will be an end of divisions. Schisms are generally occasioned tyignorahco, and the proud spirit whichwill not brook) cor rection.' Oh the other bond, real, lasting, prac tical unity will exist in proportion '• tol tho unity of ,men's minds in "the trutli • of God. Hence the ineceisity'for: the-Spirit of God-lo conduct us into the whole truth. - My; d*ar brother, if you think you know a doctrine,-ask the Lord to make you sure that you'know i', for much that wo think wo know turns out* to be unknown when times of trial pub' us to' tho test., :Nothingdo wo really know- unless' ifr'bo burnt into our; souls as with a hot irbriby:an cxpcrionce which- only*:the* Spirit of God'cim I think]you will now see that, the Spirit ,of God being thus' necessary; 'for oiir^instruction, wo pra-emihontly^finU jn this gracious operation our . strength* for t}ic" instructibn',bf -otlicrg ; for how 'shaU'thoso teach wlib have heycr^hoon tauglit?,How]shall]men'^declare' a mcsaago which they have*-' never learned ? •' * Son^of man, • cat' this roll * j for until thou hastedum it thyself thy lipscahncver tell it outi» bthora. 'The husband-man that laboureth must'firs the a partaker of the fruits.'/ It is the law.'-.of Christ's vineyard that hone shall work therein till firatrof?alI they know the flavour of the fruits» which grow in • the: sacred cnclomre. Tliou must know Christ, and grace, and love, and truth thyself boforo thou canst even bo an instructor of:babes for Christ; :• i; ' •/ r • When we come to dcalwith others, earn'ostly longing to instruct them for Jcsus/ wo pbrceivo oven mora clearly our need of the Spirit of God. Ah,' my vbrothcr,- yon thinkyou •willputtho gospol so clearly that'- they must soo it / hut thoir. blind,! eyes overcome ;yoii.'r Ah! you think you will put it so zealously that they mustfcclitj buttlioir clay-rold hearts^defeat you. Old Adam-ia too • strong for young Mclancthon, depend -upon .that. You may think you aro'going to win souls by your plead ings, but you might ns well stund on the top of a mountain and whiatlo to tho wind, unless tho Holy Spirit bo with yon ' A ftor all your talking, your hearers will, perhaps, ilmvo caught your idea, but the mind of the Spirit, tho .real soul of the gospel, you cunuot impurl to them ; this remains, liko creation itself, a work which only God can accomplish. Daily, then, let us pray for the power of tho Spirit as tho Illu minator. Come, O blessed light of God 1 thou alono canst break bur personal darkness, and only when thou hast enlightened us can wo lead othors in thy light. An ignorant Christian is disqualified for great usefulness; but ho who is taught of God will teach trans gressors God's ways, and sinners shall be con rortbd unto Christ. Both to burn within and shine without you must hare tho illuminating Spirit. (To le continual.) 