. IWoveHst.,' ' ' GRIT. A Story of tho past and prosont; , ofordi 'v : nary.. mon ami ordinary things, in ordl- i nary language, .r i ^ ' Bo sure thy sm will limHheo out.£ BY DONALD CAMERON'. ► ' i -AUTHOn OL' 'IN TIIK FOLDS Ol'TIIK HHIU'KNT, . -. i- -.,V, HIIiVftUH'ATi^K NKND,' KTC. It is a beautiful behof: ? . . ? That ever round our head \- * . Aro hovering, on angel wings, — ? ' v . . Tlio spirits of tho dead. ; ; \- ? . CHAPTER!. * It was a- burning aummcr'H day, on the ; great gohlfiold/of Grit.* The siui. had risen ?* ? in a clehr ' cloudless sky at dawn, blue as the a»' ' purest iritramaririo; but, as the burning golden - ? globo of tho sun ascended tlio heavens, be £ coming a;, leaden yot glaring dark, purple, ? relieved^ with chrome, on the horizon—a | chrome ^lliat cncroached upon the puqile^ns tho day grew and the heat waxed fierce. Prom this: terriblo setting tho sun shono upon, tho earth with all tlicpower of a giant burning glass, tlio world reflecting the heat with a v fiorco resistance, . tlio result of the struggle ' being seen in tho mirage which made it seem I* as~if tho nir were in combustion,' And the 1 . world of Grit,' upon which the sun shone that T day, was of such a character as added fury to \- the heat; and made it like Nebuchadnezzar's ? furnace. * Standing upon the highest of the many hills of Grit, the eyo took in an arid expanse 5 '? of desert, wherein was not to be seen a green J / thing; nothing , but yellow and red earth, j|3 and dingy bluish-grey gum trees— or rather ??J ? ' . * eucalypti ^ scrub, ^ -^-for the diggers had cut down the older trees. Everywhere the oyo saw the holes sunk by the miners, and their accom-. ! I panying tumuli of -red, yellow, white, or gray earth. Far below, the observer could be seon ' tljousan'ds of tents on tho Jlat andliills — tenia no; doubt once white, but now of the prevail-, ing brick-red lone of color that made the heat ?? and da/.Klo intolerable. ^ It was a terrible day. -»So thought tho in \- numerable tribes in the. heat and dust of Gritty X^lat, as they worked away, hauling up ntuflfrom the 'shafts, or rocking the cradles' by tho muddy waterholes. It was agreed on t Gritty tlafc that such a dayliad not been ex r g perienced since tlio goldlield had been oiioned. H ? liufc, a» tho^snmo observation had been made - b every day during tlie past month^tlio remark could not carry much weight. Upon ono v. thing, however; the diggers agreed that.-the g only way to relieve the ouicr mnn wan by |y. pouring^ liquid into'^ the inner— a belief well k : ?carriwl out, for all day there was a constant V ? Htreain to tlio straggliug street of, tents callcd I tlio. town. ' It was a long street; straight, geometrically speaking, but crooked to the ex \ treme in- its ways, 'inhere, on this fearful t ' day, beer-and brandy of very dubious quality H wero retailed lining hot — for the tents wero H famous heat conductors, and tho thermometer g. would havo registered over 100 degrees if plaecd in any of the liquids. 3?ed-hot barmen ? stood in front of tho wooden structures called bars, retailing brandy and perspiration at the same timo. Numerous customers who had imbibed these decoclionH and been too earnest 1 ?Bjf in their devotions to Bacchus, had fallen in tho unequal strife ; and the newcomers had to |(U step ovor their forms. ' lem What a sight was Gritty Gully- that day. Hp. Thousands of tents glistened and blistered in SfeJj the sun as if an army had encamped there to gfe, do battle with an enemy, And it was so. , The army of Mammon had sought this oneo *3'. . - quiet spot, and put to rout the sylvan gods K that abode there in peace for myriads of years. M Henceforward it was to bo a busy haunt of |g! tho groat raco which seems destined to lill 1| tho world: tho Anglo- Saxon — the race that . . fears noither climate, disease, nor death. ^ Even now the institutions of the great] I - Mother-land wero in full force. Where the I . carcase is there will the eagles bo gathered ! 8 £-.: ' together. Where Englishmen aro there will f* \ '* be whiskey and public meetings. At tlio timo I ' wo enter upon 'the scene tho public squaro ! ? * was filled with thousands 'of diggers who were ? holding a meeting about their rights in dofi- . anco of tho blazing sun. On a barrel — kept ! : 'i in its place by a couple of stalwart miners — a furious demagogue was holding forth on the ? t : ; rights of Britons who novor would be slaves exccpt to tho drink fiend; who would have \- this, that, and tho other thing if their blood Jworo to flow around them — but a flow of « whiskey was the moro likely ovent. Every .Aiv ? now and then the demagogue's admirers would ; ' ' hand him a largo black bottlo from which' he drew inspiration^ and returned to his task of vilifying his commission amidst the cheers of ? the crowd that exclaimed, as 'with one voice, ' : ? i ' Fine follow, Bunakum. He takes his liquor ?? -/- - like a man.!' ♦ ' Fellow countrymen !' shouted the de magogue—his faco »b fiery as the sun above his head. ' Aro you to be slaves, to work in £ this gully to feed such a vampire as (hat ?' R* —shaking his huge red list at the opposite | ? hill known as the camp, where tho goldlields' lr- commissioner was supposed to be resting in | tho lap of luxury under a double-roofed tent, t ? 'Will you toil until blood oo/.es from your J lingers, that ho may enjoy the fat of tlio land, 4 and drink his wine, and smoke his cigasr — J? . tho best- Ilavanas — at your expense? Never 1' 5 M Hooray I' enmo from a thousand throats. V ? At this particular stage soveral in tho crowd »? bccamo irritated, wlieii thinking of their ~ . wrongs; and, by way of providing a safety y.- valyo for their feelings, slashed into tho per sons who did not cheer, which was presump tive evidence that they were in league with the tyrants; and a fow hundreds were hard at fisticuffs, hitting, away at random, and for tho lovo of the tiling. These ructions were glorious, and the diggers thoroughly enjoyed them. 'Fellow countrymen!' cried Bunnknm, whose pronunciation was now becoming thick, £As that glorious sun shines resplendent, — ['Hooray;' shouted those not engaged in the combat, delighted at the use of such a big phrase] — in the heavens above, supreme, so shall your rights be vindicated ; and you shall triumph over this fell and cruel tyrant. Another drop, Bill.' Tho last words wero addressed to ono of his supporters, who at once complied by handing him tho bottle. Bunakum took a powerful draught, nnd then, gazing over tho crowd, attempted to speak, but utterly failed. He gavo n»othcr .idiotic look, and then fell back into tho arms of his friends, who boro him away lo £he nearest shanty, amid the com miseration of all. 'It was too much for his feelings,' was the general expression — of courso the liquor could have had nothing to do with it. lie had fallen in a noble cause. The platform was now mounted by a rather younger, man. lie was tall, and although strong, of somewhat tmgainlj' make.. '11 is face, red hair, and beard, marked him us Scotch, or of Scotch descent, llis counten ance boro a strange min. , mg of tho sensual and. the intellectual; in tiio mouth and jaw Ihtf former predominated, and in the brow tho latter.. The features wore hard and amprcpossessing except when ho pleased and ithen. there was a great fascination in his ?faco. i-:A frown, lio wevever, was the goneral 'expression, and the face conveyed tho idea. :of great dissatisfaction with himself and tho whole world. His was tho faco of a mnn who had great expectations, and had found them vanish . hko the visions of a happy night. »No wonder thatJic was not over popular with the diggers. . * , Hcctor Macinnes is going.to spout 1' cried the diggers. He's not much account 1 Too diy.' . . . V He doesn't tako-much grog,' said an in dividual, . well . advanced towards that happy stage, ' that 'counts, for it.' This was accepted by all as. a good and suf ficient .reason for Hector's dryness. Hector spoko ill : a very different . stylo to that of Bunakum. Ho put tho matter in dispute very clearly, aifd sought to point out the best way- of- settling it, eschewing all appeals to the passions, fighting for their rights, repeat ing tho Eureka Stockado episode, etc., &c.; His remarks were coldly listened to by the crowd, although lie was recognised as 'one of us.' ; v , Rector had spoken about iifteen minutes when . a woman elbowed her way towards the barrel.. Sho had once been beautiful. The traccs.of a .fine skin and leasing features wero , still visibloj but aii irregular life under tho sun; of Victoria mado hor not altogether sufficiently presentable in a drawing room. She too Avas evidently suffering from' tho general complaint. '. Come home, Hcctor,' sho said mildly. 'What aro you doing, blathering hero when you ought to be at work ? Come now, nono of your nonsenso and blatlierskiting. Get off that and come home with me, or things will be worse for you.' ' Hector. Macinnes blushed scarlet/ A ter rible scowl clouded his face. » ' Go Home, Janet,' he said; '. I'll follow.' ?.'ftonsense, cried tho woman, 'I won't. You'll have .to come. That's ilat. For, if I leave you hero you'll go on talking till all's blue; and I may sit at liomo till I grow a fixture before you come. I won't move till you come with me.' Hector Machines shut his teeth, and, glaring at ,the woman as if lie could have killed her, jumped off the platform aiid walked away with her, amid the deafening jeers and laughter, of the assembled crowdlliat vastly enjoyed the scene. . ; ' There'll be ft row at their tent to-night, I bet,' cried one. ' She i* a Tartar 1 And lie's got a devil of a temper. You can seo it in liis face.' ' It is a shame' for a man like him to be disgraced by that' woman,' said a young fellow. ) . ' Disgraced !' cried an'Irishwoman, with a. face like a full moon. Sliufe and didn't she kapo him from Rhtarving?' Nono iv your disgrace, my Hash fellow.'. ' Ho'll be the death of her yet,' said ft man in the .crowd.- .'It's onlyMast week Jiq was up at tlio' courffor beating her next to death's door;#*. ' Such wore the scenes of the early, digging times. Somo may cavil with us for r repro ducing them ; but it is false, philosophy to be eternally whitening the soxmlchro. It is a necessity for the development of this story that wo should depict, such scenes. It is a necessity if avo are to bo truo historians of the past and the present— tlio one growing out of tlio other.- Wo have to take the world as we iind it. not as we would wish it were. * CHAPTE11 II, At the time this- scono was taking placo on Gritty Flat, Janet's only son was taking his siesta, and enjoying the dolce far niente on one of tho amphitheatrical hills that looked down upon tho valley of Grit, under tho thin shade of an aged eucalypti which had escaped the ravages of the diggers because it grew on the summit, and was left as a landmark — hence the eminence was called Ono Treo Hill. Ho was a rather picturesque lad, just emerging' from early boyhood, but yet somo removes from a man. To dress ho made no particular pretence, and had no right to. An old Cnli fornian hat, fully entitled to be called a ven tilator, covered his head, or rather the back of it, for it was tho fashion of theso times to wear tho hat on the back of the head.. His clothes were of a most miscellaneous descrip tion. The coat was many sizes too small, the trousers largo enough for a Dutchman, and the whole covered with yellow clay. His was rather a handsome face, ns far as could be judged through the dust that adhered to it. The features were, perhaps, a trifle saucy and bold ; .but the pleasant good humor porvading them, the roguish twinkle of tho eyes, and tho sweet smile upon his lips mado him a loveablo lad — one no person could dislike. Easy good nature seemed his characteristic. Thoro was ? an easy, devil-may-care, happy-go-lucky look about him that told mightily in his favor. His form, too, attracted attention. What is pleasanter than to gaze on the human figure, when it has begun to dovelop and fill out into the rounded outlines of youth ? And Jack's limbs wore beginning to fill out ; and well formed thoy were, though no ingenious tailor had helped to display them. On the whole* however, rough though his appearance, no girl budding into womanhood could have passed him without casting upon him an ap proving glance, were she possessed of any taste at all. ^ . There was also another fact apparent when one looked at Jack : lie was very lazy. Tho very pose of his limbs demonstrated that. He ought, by rights, to have been pegging away with a pick in one of the innumerable bur rows on tho hideous llat beneath him. But what was the good of work on such a hot day as this ? Was it not better to sit hero under under the shade of a great tree, in a dry land, than to perspire away down there? Jack didn't care much about gold. If lio got his meals and a shilling or two to spend on the trilles so denr to boyhood ho was hapy. It' would be time enough to work when lie grew big. He had to grow, ho argued, and hard work didn't agreo with growing boys. Yet ' ho felt some littlo compunction for being so idle. Ilo knew his mother, Janet — I Mrs. Meldon, otherwise Mrs. Macinnis, alas I j — was slaving away at tho wash-tub to keep | the pot boiling. The young fellou's heart was iouehed when he thought of that, and he almost raised himself from his comfortable pos6. Wiser counsels prevailed, however, and arguing that when (he cold weather came he would got a horse and make a pile, he fell comfortably to sleep. It was very pleasant. Even the mosquitos had gone to sleep. Why should he not rest while these tormentors were torpid ? So he slept tho happy sleep of boyhood. CHAPTER III. Some years before our story opens the great goldlteld of Grit wa-4 undiscovered. The muddy stream that was now dammed up in yellow watcrholes, at that time flowed gently over its sandstone bed — that is in winter. The wattle and the gum-trees grew luxuriantly around ; the herbage clothed the banks, while innumerable flowers covered tho meadows or crimsoned the sterile ranges. The sun rose and the sun set on the same scene day after day. A little above where the township of Grit rose now, a simple hut had been built by the squatter who leased the block of coun try; and thoro he placed a man who was known by the name of Bunakum, because lie had a flux of words, but his real name was Meldon. With Bunakum had come his wife, a pleasant, good creature, who acted as house keeper, and who was then, of alLwoiuen, tho mildest and the sweetest. Witlfher was the boy Jack, Bunakiim's son, a littlo younger thAnr when wo mado his acquaintance, but in charactor tho same. v Bunacitm herded a Hock on the south side of Gritty Gully, Jack a flock on tho north side. Jack's run was tho best ; there were a few plains upon it, and the dingos were loss plentiful, for these astute animals preferred Bunakum's run, where thore were wooded ranges, caverns, and places of conccalmcnt, from whence they could issue and attack tho ilock. To Jack was also given a flock of wethers, easy-going creatures like himself. But to Bunakum was accorded a flock of querulous, il-tenipered ewes, which were never satisfied with th.cir feed, but ran hither and thither, and separated into little foraging bands; thus presenting an opportu nity for the enemy to attack. Jack, there fore, had a glorious life, especially as he hap pened to got a dog which perfectly understood his master's ways. Ho had picked him up in this way Coming across a dray that had como up from Melbourne, he found the bul lock-driver about to drown a litter of pups, to which his slut had given birth while lie was in camp. Jack was struck with tho ap pearance of a little black and white puppy, and asked the bullock-driver to givo it him. This pup' he reared up with all tho fondness ra poor lonely little boy must feel for a dog or any other animal that is his own ; and Spot fully repaid his master. Spot could do everything but speak, and even that he attempted. Ho knew what Jack wanted without being told. If Jack went to sleep, often tho case, Spot watclicd the flock and kept them close to. the place where Jack lay — occupying his timo in running backward and forward. Even the starting of a kanga roo-rat, enticing though it was, would not move Spot lo forsake-his charge. Several of tho dingo ladies, having sinister intentions towards the pet wethers, tried their blandish ments on Spot. But lie was proof against ? all. Ho was a faithful fellow, tand loved only ono creature in the world— his master. Jack had several pets : a magpie, \vhich was prc ternaturally acute, and a-lthngai'oo' rat which regularly amused him .in^'the evening as it washed its whiskers ; but Sp6t was the favor ite. - What is more touching than the perfect lovo of a dog? The man who does not feel his heart warm towards his dog cannot be good. 'When friends .and loved ones forsake w'hen fortune vanishes, there is still one crea ture that will bo .faithful, *that will follow though you have nothing to give, that will watch faithfully over your dead corpse; and that creature is youi' dog. Away from home, with Spot, the sheep, and nature, Jack was alwayshappy. Wandering amongst the vales and hills, studying the flowers, wondering about their mysteries, or sleeping in tho shade of the trees, his was a life of quiet content that knew no cloud. True, it was a life that mado one very lazy, but then it was very happy. Only when he came homo did the shadows fall upon him.. There he was sure to find a bad-tempered father, who continually complained of being shut up in the wilderness, whereas his proper place was the big city, the senate, tho bar. Why had he over married? If it were not for Janet and this boy lie. would now bo a dis tinguished man. Over and over Jack was told in the prescnco of his mother that she was ignorant and low; whereas tlio father, had the greatest of minds, which had been condemned to obscurity by the conjunction. Poor woman, she bore all this very well, and did her best to make the little hut pleasant She boiled the salt junk well, baked excellent damper, tidied up the few things, and even attempted a littlo garden to kitchen ' to tho salt beef. But the soul of Bunakum was not to be comforted. He felt it a duty to sacrifice some one to his lost fame, and Janet was the victim. At times, indeed, tho poor creaturc was aroused, and then followed scones that disturbed tho happy current of Jack's life. When the battle between them began, Jack would run out, call Spot, and dart away into the thick woods to hunt 'possums. It was an evil night for these littlo follows whon Janet and Bunacum quarrelled.. There was one mode, however, of pacifying Bunakum, and Janet often adopted it. Sho was sometimes able to sell a few cabbages and eggs, at a good figure, to the bullook drivers who went up and down the road, if the dusty track could be so callcd ; and, with tho few shillings so obtained she would buy a bottle rum. Whon Bunakum camo homo* in tho evening, with a disposition to light everything, from Janet to the gum trees, sho would pro duce this peace-offering, and the face of Bun akum Boftened into lines of peace — he would ovon kiss her and caress Jack. Thon Would lie, tho mighty man, ait down at tho tablo, and indulge in libation after libation, telling, at tho samo time, stories of what lie had dono and what ho had not done — tlio latter pre dominating — and entering into speculations as to what ho .would have done had he the opportunity. He would insist on Janet and Jack partaking, and so ho laid the foundation of tho ovil which camo thereafter. As the hut was not far off the road, stran gors sometimes called, and wero vory welcome, for, in a lone spot like this n. now face was Paradise. Bunakum then would be in his element, and he would often send Janet off to shepherd tho flock, bo that ho might havo ?his fill of tlio news of the day, and discuss politics to his heart's content. If tho stranger had a flask of spirits — and overyone carried one in those days — so much the bettor. One day a stranger came — a young man. No one was at liomo but Janet, Ho stayed all day, and the two conversed long together. That young mnn was Hector Macinnis. Ho had come to Melbourne some time before from Scotland, and had been pitied by tho proprietors of one of tho papers in that then very small metropolis, who had sent him 6n j a tour to report on the various districts. How kind Janet was to him ; how her tenderness won upon this young man who j had not met with a feeling heart sinco ho I came to tho jnovince — for Victoria was not a j colony then. I And that day ho began that fatal lovo that wrought such fatal consequence.'!. Hector had a ilask of brandy; and so he was received with open arms by Bunakum. Ho was good to Jack, who listened awestrickcn to tho snjjerior conversation of this man. But ho wns a politician, and that was balm . to Bunakum; Long after Jack and his mother had retired, tho two sat up discussing matters, aud draining the flask. He stayed several days there. Poor Janet 1 Little she knew tlio dangerous serpent that was wreathing itself, around her heart while this stranger conversed alone with her, when Jack and Bunakum had departed to herd their flocks in tho silent bush. Whon he went there was a void in their hearts. Janet was greatly troubled. This man had mado an impression which sunk deeper and deeper into her soul until it bore fruit of sin and sorrow. How the poor thing loved hor son I How, when Bunakum had vented all the arrows of his scorpion temper upon her, sho would fold the boy fo her heart, and, weeping liberally, would tell him that lie was her only hope, her sole comfort. And so time went on, Bunakum and Jack wandered day after day over thcf*oxpanse of Grit, never thinking of the millions and mil lions in gold that lay beneath their feet. They saw the -huge quartz masses that rose up from the hills, never dreaming of the un told wealth they concealed. Jack oven played in the gully after the rains had been heavy, and saw glittering yellow specs lying there, but never heeded them. Poor boy I he had never seen gold. And he would have beon happier if it had been his lot not to see it. But a change speedily came. Gold was found at Bathurst, at Ballarat; and wild reports of the new El Dorados caiuo even lo this sequestered spot. Bunakum talked of giving up shepherding, and seeking his for tune ; but, having no money, his resolves came to nothing. About seven miles away from, Bunakum's hut there was that of another shepherd, Bill White. Bill had a wife and daughter — a little girl, who, though' only a child, had to herd a flock of sheep. Jack first made her acquaintance one hot day, when their sheep got boxed — the techni cal term for the flocks mixing together. Jack had been asleep and so had Bertha, and the sheep, seeing one another, had run together, notwithstanding all the efforts of Spot, who barked and ran about like a demented dog. . Lassy, Bertha's dog, had .also tried to keep her sheep back; but, failing in this, she sought a quarrel with Spot, that creature being, in her mind, responsible for all the damage. Spot, however, took little notice of Lassy, but ran off to his master, whom he soon awoke. Jack's first idea was to find the shepherd of the other flock, and give him a thrashing — that is, if ho were able. When he , came, however, upon little Bertha, crying as j if inconsolable, with Lassy sitting on her hind legs, and setting up an unearthly liowl, all his anger vanished. 'Oh! I shall bo beat to death,' cried Bertha. 'Father and ipothcr will kill me.' ' Don't be frightened, little girl,' said Jack, hopefully ; ' we'll draft them.' Jack had used tho words . little girl, advisedly. Ho looked upon himself as a mnn. Even in her sorrow, Bertha objected to bo called a little girl, especially as her monitor was not such a giant himself. However, sho was grateful for his kind words, and went to help him. Tho flocks were hopelessly mixed, how-*! ever, and wero baaing away in a style that beat Babel, the sheep running hither and | tliitlicr to find their companions; Here and ; there boxing matches were going on between , opposing squadrons. Jack, forming a platoon of his flock by themselves, separated them I from the rest, and got Bertha and the dogs to I stand between ; so that gradually the sheep ; began to seek their mates. But it was very i hot work ; and at ono time Jack entertained I little hopes of effectually separating the two I flocks. I He was running about after fugitives, i perspiring a river, when. a loud voice shouted, I ' Holloa, what's this?' I Jack turned, and behold three men, and a boy about his own age, carrying swags. I They had also things that he had never seen I before — tin dishes and picks. 'Our flocks got boxed,' said Jack, simply. , ' Oh !' said ono of the strangers, an I embrowned, handsome youth. I 'spcct you J two were courting, and let your flocks get ; mixed up. However, what do you say if we i give theso children some help, and get them I out of a scrape. Depend upon it, they'll get ! into hot-water if they go liomo with their' sheep boxed ; at all events, they'll get their cars boxed.' 'And so they ought,' said the boy; a lanky, thin-faced fellow, who' certainly did not seem tho most amiablo of mortals. ' Shut up, Obadiah,' said tho young man. ' Come on, boys, let's help them.' And with tho help of the now auxilarios, j tho two flocks wero soon separated, which I was the easier because ono was wethers, the I other ewes. Jack got his flock in order, and, getting them near a largo fallen tree, he mado | them pass before him and counted them. I The number was right— 050. Jack thanked the men, particularly tho good-natured youth who had lirst suggested help. As for tho | boy, Obadiah, he had stood by tormenting ? Bertha, and telling her that if she had been a good girl this would, hot havo occurred. Jack felt a strong inclination to xwuch his head. j After this wiis over, tho young man who had assisted Jack began to question him about tho country, and asked if he had seen j any gold hereabouts. To this Jack replied I that lie had heard of gold, but had never seen . it. The young fellow drew a shining sovereign out of his pookct, -and showed it to Jack and Bertha. ' Why, I've seen somo sand in tho creek like that,' said Bertha ; who, dressed in a littlo print frock, with an unearthly look ing hood, made of white calico, with cord run through to stiffen it, stood by,.quito a little guy in the visitors' oyes. ' So havo I,' said Jack. ' Wlioroabouts.?' exclaimed tho party, now j all interest. Jaok thought it only right to show theso good strangers tlio^laco; and, telling Spot to ' liool 'em uxi,' that sagacious canino I individual drove the flock down to tho river, whero Jack showed tho men a littlo liolo where the water flowed over tho sandstone rock. The young man took ft Bhovelful of the drift, and carcfully washed it in the tin dish, whilo all stood by watching. A fow minutes, and about half an ounce of beautiful yellow sand, as Bertha called it, lay at the bottom of tlie dish, sot off by some black stuff — cmory, pooplo named it then ; but it was black sand, the ore.ot tin — perhaps iridium. Thoy held thoir breath. 'Found 1' said the young man, drawing a deep sigh. 'Emily, Emily, wo shall bo happy!' ' We'll pitch our tent at once, and mark out a claim,' said tho elder of tho party, Obadiah's father. ' As for you, children, you had better go and mind your flocks, or they'll get boxed again.' ' Where do you live ?' asked tlio young man. ' Up the creek a bit,' said Jack. ' Well, good-bye, my boy,' said tho young fellow, very kindly, and shook Jack's hand. ' I wont forget you.' Aud Bertha and Jack went back 'to tho hills, wondering in their simple minds as to what, the men wero about. Bertha hinted some strange things; but .Jack set hor down as ignorant, and gave his word that tho men were digging. Ho had- heard of it before, ho said, and he knew something, while Bertha knew nothing. A pleasant evening thoy spent, sitting under the shade of tho tree under which we left Jack sleeping, while the flocks fed', at a safe distance from each other, kept in order by Spot and Lassy, who, however, found time to interchange compliments — canine fashion. Bertha thought Jack such a nice boy, and Jack thought Bertha a pretty little girl. Innoccnce so soon to pass away. That day week, a great change came over Grit. Although William Brown (such was the manic of tho young man who separated Jack's and Bertha's flocks) and his mates had tried to keep the discovery quiet, the news spread like wildfire. Many of the other goldfields then discovered were overstocked, and the moment the new rush was the cry, there camo from tho east and from the west, from the south and from the north, thousands and thousands to try their fortunes. Tho rich yields of the first claims spread tho news over the whole of Australia. Ship after ship was coming to the shores of Victoria, and their passengers rushed like madmen to Grit. Shepherds lot their flocks wander unherded, a prey to the dingo; squatters sprang into the saddle and galloped away from their homesteads ; farmers threw aside their ploughs ; carpenters discarded the chisel, and, with eager desire, all made for tho i new Eldorado. The roads were crowded with I wayfarers. Not a sun rose but it beheld a I new array of tents. No magician ever 1 crcatcd .so sudden a changc. The 'possums, the kangaroos, and tho blackfcllows fled i before the tide; the flowers and the grass | died away; the trees began to vanish like mist; tho little stream changed from blue to a dirty yellow. In less than a month one hundred I thousand human beings were congregated on i Gritty Flat; and, whero the blackfellow had hold his eorroboree by the lights of blazing fires, European civilisation was to be seen. ; Talk of magicians of old I tlicy are fools to 1 that great magician — gold. It could not be expected that Bunakum and White would resist all this. They were amongst the lirst to throw up their situations and rush to the field. In loss than a fortnight Jack and Bertha exchanged thoir quiet huts to tents on Gritty Flat, their flocks for the mining cradle. Both wero seared at first at the sudden change, which it took some time* for their intellects to comprehend^ Lassy and Spot, i also; were quite bewildered for a time, and much, troubled in their simple minds about the innumerable number of curs the new people had brought with them ; but they, 1 too, soon bccamo accustomed to the great , change. In three months, the quiet pastoral scene ; we havo pictured ceased to be, and one who had seen Gritty Flat then would never have \- known it now. But this was.not the only change. CHAPTER IV. It would liave been an easy matter for Bunakum toandlco liis fortune now. Before him lay many;an unturned acre of nature's domain, beneath which.tlie glittering ore lay waiting to be unearthed. But Bunakum pre ferred to. let it rest there, or to allow others to release it. Noble soul! why should he bo. condemned to grub in the bowels of the earth, when his mind soared so far above the gro velling natures that surrounded him ? These earth-grubbcrs had no brains, and they should esteem it an honor to support a man of mind. Therefore, so long as enthusiastic diggers bowed down at his eloquence, liberally shouted for him, and lent half- sovereigns occasionally, why should he swelter in the sunbeams, em brown his face, and harden his hands? Perish the thought ! He was made to command, not to work. So he became a loafer and agitator, and a mighty man of words. In these times, a public meeting was one of the principal amusements of tho diggers ; and this amusement Bunakum was ever ready to provide. Did a man lose his claim, or did he think himself in any wise aggrieved, he went straight to Bunakum, and instanter the Bell man was sent round, and an indignation meeting held; whereat, mounted on a stump or barrel, Bunakum poured forth a torrent of language which neither himself nor his hearers clearly understood, and which was, therefore, looked upon as a masterly effort of elocution. The diggers wanted a spouter, as they had neither time nor ability in that line, and in Bunakum, they had the right man. A great public orator must have an enemy, therefore Bunakum conjured one up in the Commis sioner, a haughty official, who was ever made tho beginning and tho end of his attacks. In glowing language would Bunakum depict the luxurious lifo that fell tyrant led, while others were slaving away their lives to keep in state a despot. Of course, Bunkum never thought of him self, except as a horny-handed son of toil. To judge by his speeches, he was the hardest working man on the diggings — a perfect slave. Janet found that unless she adopted somo means of support, herself and her son would starve in this golden gully, forBunakum never brought any money home. Indeed he very seldom visited the little tent, so- called, unless he was 'slumped.' He was a confirmed diner out, generally managing to make a call, on political business, at some tent which lie knew to be well provided, giving in exchange for his meal somo homily on patriotism, working his entertainers up to agony point at the close, about that 'damned despot,' who, Bunakum assured his hearers, was thirsting for his blood. 'Men of Grit,' lie would say, ' if you find my body at the bottom of a shaft one day, pierced with bullets, bury me ; I beg of you to bury mo beneath the Camp Hill (tho cemetery had been fixed there), that my grave may over be a reproach to my murderer — that it may remind you, noble miners of Grit, of tho earnest man, who did so much for your cause.' Then he would begin to shed tears, and would not be consolcd until the brandy bottlo was brought forth. Janet at first tried to earn a little by cradling the tailings, with Jack'B assistance; but, finding tho sun affcctcd hor head, she turned to the inevitable resourco of lovely woman, tho washtub. Washing was high, and soon, by means of her tub, she managed to livo pretty comfortably ; in conscquenco of which, Bunakum stayed at home for dinner oftener. But Janet could not explain how it was that she had begun to almost hate her husband. She was a simple-hearted creature, this woman, and sho strovo to keep down her dislike, because she thought it her duty. Still it grew and grew, and was added to by every insult ; and they were many which Bunakum heaped upon her. Sho could not keep down the thought that this man was a mean, low, dirty loafer, and so sho grew to hate him. There was only ono aspect in which sho would tolerate him — as the fatlior of her dear, dear Jaok, ' Mother,' Jack would say, as they sat at the tent'* door of an evening, watching the moon rise in all her glory over tho hills of Grit, ' I'll work for you as soon as I'm strong ; and you'll not havo to slave at tho washtub ; on theso terribly hot days.' And mother and-son would kiss and caress. , Alii that was the happiest timo for them. I A mother's lovo 1 Unsearchable, unfathom 1 able — like unto nothing, except tho lovo of i God. v . ' ? A son's Ioyo for his mother! The most beautiful and holy lovo in this world, exccpt tho lovo of a mother for her son. Freo from all impurity, from all selfishness that clogs other nffoctions; thcsea*csemblo the love of tho Almighty Father, who sent His | only Son to die for us. | Bertha and Jack saw each othor very often i now; indeed, thoy were playfellows everyday. Both of thom felt a void in their existence. I They had nothing to do. After all, it was a | pleasure for them to herd the sheep. It was fine to opon the hurdles in the morning, call the dog, and follow the sheep out over the I grassy, wooded hills, where the wild flowers grew, tho birds sang, tho cicadas tercod, terecd, and the winds whispered mysteriously through the branches of the gum trees, where adven tures with lizards, and snakes, and 'possums, with the occasional discovery of a wild bees' nest, broke tho monotony. Then the effect of the abrupt change from a quiet life to this great bustle, made the children for a while shrink into themselves, and feel utterly at a loss. As for Spot and Larry, a deep melun choly fell upon them. Spot spent fully a month trying to comprehend how he could live without herding sheej), and then gave it up. He had nothing to do except fight with tho innumerable strange curs that found their way to Grit every day ; and that in time grew monotonous. Indeed, ho became a sad dog; he felt as if lie were not wanted, as if he had no business in this world. Tho only times his face lighted up with a canine smile was when a flock of sheep was driven, past the gully, when ho would erect his tail, and give emission to a few joyful barks, eying his master anxiously for the words of command — 'Iloll 'em,' 'llound 'em up, boy,' etc., and thon, when thoy had passed without these words being uttered, he would fall into his old moping ways. When Jack at last went to work, for, young as he was, he did not want to live upon his mother, Spot would lie at the mouth of the hole, and reflect on his own utter usclessncss. Lassy had many compunc tions on the point at lirst, but, making several acquaintances at the butcher's shop, she gradually grew accustomed to the new order of things, especially as sho used to wander about with her mistress, who found a pretcnce for seeking the quietude of the bush, in herd ing two rather acuto goats her father kept, animals which Lassy plainly despised. A few months nftcrthe goldfield of Grit was discovered, Hector Macinnis again appeared upon the scene. He had a very pleasant smile — when he liked to smile, which was seldom. He was not ill-made, and there was a peculiar way about him, that to some had ah irresistible charm; Now, Janet was not much abovo Hector's own age, and she was very handsome then ; she had no company -when Jack was away, except the tubs and the flat irons — good things in their way, but apt to become dull. Our Lord, who so thoroughly j understood the weak points of our nature, put I into His universal prayer the sentence, 'Lead us hot into temptation,' and since His advent, the wonderful wisdom of that petition has been continually demonstrated, .although human moths will still try tho feat of flying around the flame. This was what Hector and Janet wero doing. It was rather an undesir able experiment. Somehow Janet began to .feel very dull when Hector was absent, and peoplo found her to be very cross then. She was never iu better temper than when sho had put by her work, tidied herself up, lit the lamp in the little 'parlor' of the tent, which was quite a model of neatness, having a sofa and chairs covered with chintz — a great novelty on the diggings — set the tea table, and made everything snug for the night. Hector and Jack would then come home, and they would have tea ; and how' pleasant would be the chat, how delightfully the even ing would pass away ; Hcctor reading or writing, and Janet ironing or mending tho clothes of her unsophisticated customers. Of course, Jack went out aftor tea, 'possum hunting, or playing with other boys or Bertha. It was strange, how pleased Janet would be .when Hcctor would look uj), and give her that smile which was so peculiarly his, and givo up reading for a whilo to converse with her. As for Bunakum, he was always away drinking and specchifying. Janet never thought of mentioning money matters; she was getting along pretty well, and after all, no doubt, Hector would pay her back when matters went better with him. If this pleasant intercourse were at all marred or clouded, it was by the conclusion which occasionally forced itself on her mind, that Hcctor was vastly superior to her ; that he was better educated, and had moved in (to her) good society ; while she, poor girl, had never been in a better furnished room than her own littlo parlor. But then, why banish the gleam of sunshine ? She was happy, in his society, that was all, and no more would como of it. Ah! trust not tho human heart, so desperately treacherous. How did it come about at last? What need to toll? It was the slow, steady work of days, and weeks, and months — the ripple, ripple of the water undernxining the roots of the great oak. Neither were to blame, except in not flying from each other when they felt the first tightening of the chain that was to drag them to perdition. Her mind gradually lost its balance, and liking, friendship, was followed by deep, passionate, irresistible, overwhelming lovo. She fell a willing sacri fice. Ho did not lovo her, at least in the mad way in which she loved him ; but who, at his age, can resist temptation when he sees he has brought to his feet a lovely woman ? Yet, it must be confessed, he felt qualms, strong qualms. He felt; lie knew, that this must end in something dreadful, that he would ! have to thrust this loving woman away from him into outer darkness ; that by this act he would be degrading himself, and that it ; would be a, stigma on his namo for ovor — that name which ho intended to be so brilliant. But love and beauty were before him. Youthful passions were strong, and — why write the rest? It is an old, old story. We pass over the guilty life of the pair for somo time afterwards. During tho greatest part of that time the mighty Hector was j supported by Janet. Only latterly had he | been again engaged by tho newspaper. Still 1 that man had, almost immediately after his fall, began to feel disgust, not only at Janot, but at himself. How his proud spirit gnawed his heart as he took; ' day by day, the bread nccessary to his sustenance from tho hands of her ho liad so wronged. Success had resolved him to break the ties that bound him to this woman. Ho hated .her more and more overy day, and this she was not long in noticing. .Women are vory quick in this ; tlicy soon find whether tho fire of lovo burns or has died out to cold ashes. Now, there had recently, in compliance with the increasing civilization of Grit, been established a very well got up hotel at ft bustling corner; and, over tho destinies of the neatly-furnished bar, there presided n lady newly arrived from the ' Land o' the Leal,' by name, Miss Prudenco Macruath, Her charms were a trifle heightened by the adven titious aid of art; and sho had come to Gritty Gully to mako her fortune in tho matrimonial market. She was resolved not only to please her oye but also her pocket; and, although a hand some young man, woll to do, would bo tho acmo of perfection in her own opinion, yet sho .would not be averse to an old or ugly man if he#nad tho solid requirements that mado up for such disadvantages. For tunately, however, she very early set her oyes upon Heetor, and at once mado up her mind that if Heaven had crcatcd a man to suit her, ho was that man. Having settled this satisfactorily in her own mind, sho at' once began such an attack upon liiin, giving him tho prcfcrcnce over numberless admirers, that lie felt flattered at first, and finally bowed down to tho beauty, and gavo himself up as her slayo. Tho lovo that ho ought (o havo felt for poor Janot, who had sacrificcd all to j him, was given lo this vain woman, who, in I giving him the preference, merely gratified | herself. Unfortunate Janet 1 Quickly did sho dis cover that sho had lost all for which she had j perilled her welfare here and hcrcaftef. That I lie, for whom she had dono so much, had ceased to love her — nay, hated her. She Baw it in his looks, in his answers to lier caresses, and then the woman fell lower and lower, ? and became what we found her at the open ing. l): Reader, remember that we are writing of real life, of everyday mortals, and bear with us if it seem to you that we have wandered out of our domain. It will bo asked, ' What had become of Bunakum all this time?'. fcftWell, that worthy found in the infidelity of liis^ wife a new cause for sympathy ; a new claim on the contributions of the miners. When' he was turned out of Janet's house — how she loathed the man — lie at once sought his friends at the bar, and shed copious floods of tears, which the diggers hastened to . assuage with draughts of alcohol. He ' bcseechcd them to bury him at once, as his honor conld not'stand this last insult, which ? ho felt convinced had been brought about by the commissioner, whose friend lie knew Hector to bo. He clutched ft brandy bottle, wildly, and cried out for a sword that he might stab to the heart this serpent which lie nurtured in his bosom, only to turn and , sting him.1 Had not this man lived upon him? had he not been kept from starvation by him (Bunakum)? Was there justice in this land? No! tho despot of the camp decreed that liberty should be bound in chains, and wrong triumph over right. He hated him (Bunakum), and this was his revenge. But they, tho noble-hearted miners of Grit, would see him righted ; they would lay him in his grave, and then destroy v the monster who'had killed him. To^all this the , diggers listened, tho more ignorant sympathising, the intelligent highly enter tained. Indeed, all of them enjoyed the thing amazingly. It was tho talk of Grit for days, although such affairs were nothing unusual then. The capital Bunakum made out of this, the half- sovereigns and sovereigns he collected, the innumerable cheap drinks he obtained, and the general sympathy fully made up for all. Indeed, so woll did lie thrive upon it, and so accommodating was his disposition, that, ere long, he became quite reconciled to Hector, and, as wo have seen, had spoken atetlie same meeting with him. Jack had been brought up in such a poor way that he was not able to understand tlio full meaning of what had occurred. He did dislike Hector, and he certainly had very little filial feeling, so the affair passed off amicably enough with him. He didn't seo, much difference. But latterly lie had noticed, young as he was, that a great sorrow troubled his mother. It. pained him to sec that, in a very short v space of time, she had gone astray, and from a steady, industrious woman, had become fond of drink. Then, from time to time, Hector and Janet quarrelled. Jack did not think so much of this, ho was accustomed to it; but lie did resolve never to marry, as lie came to the conclusion that every husband and wife lived a life of internecine warfare. Bertha was ft good girl, and Jack liked her, but ho felt pretty sure if, when they grew big, ho married lier, everything would be changed. Yet, ignorant as Jack was, he was greatly troubled about his mother. He felt so sorry to see her sinking to the level of so many other women on. the diggings. Poor fellow ! Ho knew nothing of the deep despair that had changed her. CHAPTER V. The low rumbling' of distant thunder woke Jack from the pleasant sleep in which he had indulged. He rose and rubbed his eyes. How greatly had the scene changed since ho had gone to sleep in tho afternoon. From the east a small cloud had arisen, fleecy white. It rose a little above the horizon, and there remained like a snowy fleece of wool ? rolled up. Then gradually others like unto it rose from mysterious depths, until the whole eastern horizon was covered with them. Still the sun shot its torrid beams on to tlio earth, still the dazzling mirage, as it is called, rose up like a quivering colorless flame from the earth. But in the west, in the north, and in the south, clouds began to rise like the ghosts of Bnnquo and his followers. Not white, downy clouds, such as had arisen in the oast, but dark, portentous vapors, fringed, it |is true, with silver. With a slow, steady motion they began to ascend, throwing out streamers that soon threw themselues across tho face of the heavens, and, ere long, veiled the face of the sun. Men blessed them, and felt their strength' renewed. But darker and blacker grew the clouds as the sun became more and more shaded, until at last a large blue cloud shut him out altogether. The sky then, assumed a wild pliantasmagorial appear ance. The blue clouds faded into inky black, and here and ' there white scud, like tho 1 phantoms in 'Der Frieschutz,' sailed past on the intensely black back-ground. A distant muttering was heard,' which mo mentarily grew louder. People said a great storm was coming, and agreed that it was badly wanted. Preparations ? were made in Gritty Gully to meet the rush of water that would hurry down, and long toms, sluices, and tools were taken out of the creek, and shafts wero carefully blocked around with earth. Jack's soul responded to tlio grandeur of that terriblo sky. The flasli of tho sheet lightning in tho distance, tho roll of tho thunder, the' slow gathering of tho clouds as of an army to battle, darkening the atmosphere with a strange gloom, the great signs of an approaching elemental tragedy, the peculiar sound of the wind — all stirred in his soul I thoughts and ideas that he could not wreak upon expression. His meditations wero broken by ft loud cry, as of a girl in distress. Rising hastily, ho took a fow steps down the hill, and presently saw the cause. Little Bertha was struggling with a boy, whom Jack soon recognised as Obadiah. Lassy stood by in a vory distressed framo of mind, watching two goats, which wero also somewhat nonplussed. A quick run brought Jaok to the spot in a moment. 'What's this? he cried, angrily, eyeing Obadiah, who stood glaring at him, an ugly scowl prevading his face. . ' What is it ?' said Obadiah, ' What's that to you ? Bertha and I have been quarrelling.' \- 'Oh, Jack,' cried Bertha, clinging to him, ' I'm so glad you've come. He frightened mo to death.' Her face, in which terror had been vividly depicted when Jack arrived, began to wear a joyful look. 'What nonsense,' cried Obadiah, sulkily, although from his uneasy movements, it was easy to see ho would havo preferred to be a few miles off. ' I only tried to kiss her, and the little fool began to cry.' Jack's blood began to boil, and his face became red as crimson. 'You sneak,' he cried, going up to Obadiah, ' how dare you frighten tlio little girl ? Who allowed you to kiss her ?' ' I did myself,' said .Obadiah, jauntily* (To be continued,) ? ?** ? . ' She stoops to conquer,' Can this refer to tho fond mother who bonds over her way-word boy with a number.llvo slipper ? 