. A HARD NUT TO CRAOK". To the Editor of I lie Ovens and Murray Advertiser, biR,— Urom the London " Times" I take the following The Bishop of Lin- ooln, writing to the Mayor of Grimsley on the temperance question, says : " The temperance pledge is not Script,.,, r undermines the Godhead of Clirkt 1 he who tike3 the pledge and br weakens Ihe bond of society. Pe0 a"25- tender consciences and weak mi,1!'/3 t!l to break it :- thus often sacrificing iU;tr health, and entailing a burden Ir others. Tho pledge is both un,-: and heretical." What wfll o , perance fanatics cay to this i T Xf;F" yours, &c.;, ' > ir, self.dekial The Weather. — After a psr;0q beautiful, warm spring weather"' -j,-?/ lias proved most beneficial to the' of the crops and herbage, a «eniq ""-!l set in in Beechworth on Friday".'1"1 midnight, after which time fj,y -l" ?1 showers fell, which will bo wdcoiiS by all classes as coming in nioctonnor time ; and at time of writing- thU , prospect of a continuance of lhe do-.v'nnf Magic L-lntepet Entektaixiifnt V McEachen, of Ford-street, ' interesting exhibition of dissolving in the Oddfellows' Hal!, Beechworth Friday evening to delect audience, w?" were well pleased with the ele ment. S.,ie or Fin, tho Hoteh Wangaratta, on Tuesday, Mr W " Orr will sell by public Auction the vain' able freehold property known as Th.,, ' son a farm, comprising about 148 rich agricultural land, at Hedi Go tf rsi x g . On Tuesday next and «ri lowing clays a stake for an „ii!imj-,'-- nnmber of greyhounds, one each, will be run for at Oxlev mJj'T" auspices of the Oxley Courskv' Club Silver Readings. -The toh of there popular and amusing entertainments w - given on Wednesday evening last, ivho-i the folio wing programme was' tabufirl — Glee, Mark the Merrv Oars-' - humorous reading by 3Ir " " Ow'l new England Hume,'' bvm c. i. Morris;, a sln-rt lecture on "Potterv' by Mr Plum-ridge, who afterwards dmined the apron and made several .sipv'.,/,,,. j the art, explaining at the same flm'.nj.e various stages- through which the c.lav h-d to pass before it readied tho manufec'mved state. That his audience wore d. ;u. terested, was- evidenced by their rux-htion while he was- speaking and the desire ihev showed to examine the various ari;«vs lie manufactured. a-gloe, " When .<hail'We Three Meet a-gaiiy' was thou renfered, to whieh succeeded a scene from d-e Pickwick Papers, "bob Sawyer's Evcnin", Party, the various parts being sustained oy children attending the school. the next was a :-:o_o,. '"when Sparrows Iv.-iid " by Mrs Gammon ;. tlion " The Address- t'c i aricl the Reply of the Egyptian Mummy in iBelzoni's Museum" was given by messrs Linclegaard, Stewart aud Knight. a cluet by the Misses Harper followed, entitled "Mother, Can This the gimy Be." " a Ghost Story," by .Mr Larvali followed by a. glee, "Sigh.. Autumn Winds," exhanoed- tho programme. Great credit is due to- those ladies and gentle men who took part in the evenii!g's"'unrer- tainmcnt, and all acquitted themselves well ;. the audience testifying their np. preciation by frequent applause. Mining at Eb. Dorado. — The prospec tus of the Try Again Gold a:ul Tin Mining : Company. el Dorado, with- a capital cf i0;000 Tsharea of- 10s each,, appears in : another column/ At a meeting held <?n the claim on Saturday afier- ,noon last it- was resolved to lioat the company ; Messrs r. Warren,, w. Billson, oh a. Fealy, a-. Allan and hi Horrocks -were elected a.3- provisional directors, and the last-named-gentleman was- appointed :to act as secretary pro tem. Considering jthe valuable nature of tho prospects lalready obtained, by boring,, from the 'property, tba- seventy-eight- hundred shares offered- to the public on,very liberal terms will no - doubt be placed within a few weeks-;- so that early application is advisable. 'The timbering, of the shaft, which has been sunk to a. depth of 15u feet, is now being proceeded/ with. Found Bead. — From the - "Wagga jour nals we learn that an inquest wii3 held coroner upon the remains of a man named Thomas Ibbotson, who dropped dead cn Yarrabee station. From the evidence; it appeared that the clecsased, who hac been engaged regularly, for some years past wocEclassing at Pullitop station, was on his way to take a shs-d down the river- previous-io fulfilling his-usual engagement in this- neighborhood.- Amongst too effects of the deceased, who is states to have bean well conn acted, was fouaa a sum ox- money, including a draft npen one of ths- Aibury banks. The inquiry was held .at Yarrabee. On Saturday last the Narandera coroneiT held an inquest at Yairnaa upon the body of a man named Patrick Ctirrie, who- wa3 found c.iowued in a covered tank near the hcmcoteau. Deceased wa3 a. native of Ayrshire, Scotland, and bad been tor soma time in. the. employment of Ik Mr C. M. Lloyd, of Yammo. He wa3 -known to be riibjeefc to giddiness, and it supposed that he was attacked by sucks ,'fit while dipping a bucket into the taiiq ' ;-the opinion being supported; by the fact : that a full bucket cf water was imme diately beside, the aperture through whic he fell, whr.s the second bucket which ho had with him was missing. . The ' ' 3Q:,-.sning Mail". -=-The prop rie t::3 of the " Herald" have puschased from Ac " Argns"' proprietary the copyrighted goodwi-Iof the "Evening Mail," whicr„.ouf- nal wiljicaase to exist after (Saturday)ta-clay , ancl will become incorporated wAi the " Herald," for the forwarding of xhichoo the -day of publication to the Aortli- Easiarn district arrangements koue been mfvde. Telegratic.— -Owing to an ixierruptie to the line between Seymoix? and Mel" I bourne, we did not receive oar usual tele graphic despatches from She city last night. " Well ray little fellow-," said a philan thropic old gentleman as he patted a gamin oa the head, " vrhat do you cxpe" to be when you grew up ?" " l'er goto t0 lie a song and danos man, I am- f TB just got nineteen different steps down fine. I say, mister, hain't you got a kid what " in with a feller an' make up a double clog.' The philanthropic old gentleman passed on ia a hurry. An article in an exchange is headed J-5? Gould to Sue for a Reputation." WhM a man who is, worth fifty millions of dollars wants with a reputation is a problem too deep for ihe average mind to solve. M1 Gould is rich enough to buy a reputation if he wants one. We'll let him have oars for one-third of his wealth, and not a cen loss, because it is the only one we have. Printed and Pnbished by 1H0HABB WARREN (sole Proprietor), at Ovene and Murray Advertiser and General Printing office, Ford-3z® Beechworth, Victoria. Persons iBsnw of subscribing will only be cb.ajVJd tho day on which tneix nauvei EVA " ved at .his offioej 