MARION VERNON, OB, AFTER LONG YEARS. BY MRS. LF.ITH ADAMS. CHAPTER VII. Blanche pleaded so hard to spend Christmas in London that Clifford let her have her way. But a day or two after the coming in of the new year the party of there took flight northwards, and, strangely enough, -for once in her life, Mrs. Cliff was glad to go. For a terrible thing had happened to Belle Carrington, and nothing appeared so desirable in the eyes of her friend Blanche as to find herself many a good mile away from West London, and that as promptly as possible. That young hopeof the House of Carrington, the child Gussie, of whom mention has already been made,-sickened with what was supposed to be a bad sore throat, but which rapidly developed into a case of dirhtheria, and one morning Cliff came into his wife's boudoir to find her holding a letter down in the fire with the tongs, and an expression of wild alarm upon her face. " Good Heavens 1" he said, hurrying to her side, " what on earth is the matter?" He was quicklv put in possession of the dreadful facts of the case, but took the information in rather a diff erent spirit to that in which it was given. " And, just fancy ! she's nursing the child herself. She says in her letter that she has been holding him on her lap all night. Oh 1 it is frightful." " What is" frightful—the poor child being so ill ? As to the mother nursing him herself, why, Blanche, what else would yon expect her to do *'" "Oh, dear ! I don't know, I'm sure. How disagreeable you are this morning, Cliff; and there is Marion looking at me as gravely as if I had been doing something wrong. Of course she'll back you up in anything you say —she always does." Marion, who had just come into the room, work in hand, stood looking wondeiingly from one to the other ; but at this last sentence she grew slightly*" pale, and moved, •'away towards the window. Can any accusation be brought against a woman more odious than that of making herself the partisan of a man against his own wife ? And yet Marion was placed in a difficult and cruel position. Every day she lived beneath the roof of this ill-assorted pair showed her more and more clearly the wrongdoing of the wife, the forbearance of the husband. Her sympathies were all on the man's side, simply because her sympathies were with the right against the wrong. BlancKe, -with that snbtle shrewdness so often to be_ found in people otherwise exceedingly stupid, was intuitively conscious of this, in spite of Marion having carefully kept silence when silence was wisdom. "We are being very rude," said Clifford, crossing over to Marion's side. Then he explained to her how matters stood—that is, as far as concerned Mrs. Percy Carrington. He had seen the sweet face pale; he had noted a sudden quiver of tbe lips at his wife's words. "I am very sorry," said Marion. I like Mrs. Carrington so much, and it is a very trying kind of illness, I k now, because one of my schoolfeUows—one I was very fond of— died of it." " Whenput in Blanche, sharply. "Not just before you came to us, I hope ? Weren't yon dreadfully frightened ?" " You forget I was some months at Merlewood before I came to you," said Marion, with a smile. She let the last of Mrs. Cliffs questions go unanswered. Yet somehow (he could not have told how) Clifford knew that that school friend of hers had been tended and nurself by herself. Blanche was now all impatience to set off North. She considered herself hardly and cruelly used by fate. People were so unreasonable. Why, Colonel Durant seemed to take, it for granted she had been to enquire at the door of the house in Gresham- street how it fared with poor wee Gussie, and she felt perfectly convinced, though he had never said so {and she was afraid to ask him, because, as we all know, a known truth is worse to ra.ee than a mere suspicion), that Cliff had been to that plague-spot already, which indeed he had. More than that, he had seen Belle, who had come down from the sick-room wherein her weary watch was kept, and laid her cold hand in his, raising two piteous, tired eyes to his. There was no Bloom of Ninon on the face of the : fashionable beauty now. The dark shadow of sleeplessness and fatigue was the only " tint" about her, and yet never had she seemed so fair in Cliff's eyes. She was unspeakably grateful to him for coming. Do not all of us who have x>assed through such a fiery ordeal as that which poor Belle Carrington was now brought face to face with know the healing and the strength that is given by the clasp of a strong hand, and a few words of calm, true sympathy? " And how is Carrington'!" said Clifford, when he had asked after the little one, and found that things were going very badly indeed with poor Gussie. "He is quite broken down," said Belle, leaning against the balustrade of the stair as she spoke, and looking herself ready to drop. " He never leaves the library except to steal upstairs and take a look at the child. Poor little Gussie ! Oh ! Mr. Powell, it is dreadful to see any one suffer so, and be able to do so little." She covered her face with her hands, shaking from head to foot. Cliff laid a firm hand upon her shoulder. " You must not weaken yourself by dwelling upon your trouble. There ! go back to Gussie. If I may I will go and sit with Carrington for half an hour. " Do," she said, trying to smile as she gave him her hand in adieu. She went up a few stairs, and then stopped, looking back to where he stiU lingered. She bent towards him, speaking softly: " Mr. PoweU, will you ask Miss Vernon— Marion—to pray for me, to pray that God may let this trouble pass, that He may give me back my child even from the very jaws of death. She looks like one whose prayers Heaven would hear. I—I am afraid to pray for myself." Clifford had gained her side in a moment. " You need not fear," he said, eagerly; " we none of us need, not even the most erring." "How can I ask God for the life of the child I have neglected?" was Belle's pitiful reply; then, with a slight gesture of farewell, she was gone. After ^spending half an hour with the stricken master of the house, Clifford set out to walk home. As he walked, above tbe noise of the busy streets some voice seemed repeating in his ear, with strange distinctness, words he remembered his mother reading to him as he stood at her knee in bygone, boyish days—" Before I was troubled Iwent astray, but now have I sought the Lord." The next day was the one fixed upon for the journey to Merlewood, and Clifford was really glad to get his wife away from London, for her nervous condition was quite pitiable to behold, and no reasoning could convince her that the distance between Gresham-street and Harley-street was the slightest protection from contagion—indeed, the whole of tbe vast metropolis was, in hei eyes, under a cloud just now. In vain did her husband suggest that all the year round some one was dying of diphtheria or some other highly contagions disease within the great city, only that it so chanced the thing didn't come under their personal notice. Blanche put her fingers in her ears, shook her head from side to side, and cried that all she wanted was to " Go, go, go!" and that as promptly as possible. And so for the first, and also, it may be said, for the last time in her life Mrs. Clifford Powell set out to the wild northern coast—to the old house where, she was convinced, ghosts innumerable took their pastime with alacrity and pleasure. To Marion thatcoming home again" was fnll of pain, and more than once her soft eyes met Cliff's in a speaking glance as the carriage neared the familiar gates. The silence that meant the lack of a dear-loved voice was felt anew by both. A haunting presence, was present to their memories. Mrs. Rumble did her utmost to make things as cheerful as possible, though there was a spasmodic element about lier demeanour that told of troubled thoughts lurking underneath it. As to Merlin, he came blundering along, -or shoved his nose into his master's hand, and tried his best to - wag his tail with a jaunty and youthful ail- Then he greeted Marion as ecstatically as his years would permit of, but, with much' sagacity, refrained from offering his canine caresses to the third member of the parly. " I'm right glad, Miss Marion, to see you back at the old house," said Mrs. Rumble, who had followed the girl upstairs to her room. "I put you in your old quarters, though there s bigger rooms, as you know. I thought you would like it best. " Indeed I do. Rumble. I could never like any room so well as this, where she used to come and sit- there, just in the bend of the window—do you remember? I shall often think of this aear little room when I am in my new home across the sea." • "Is it so very far awav, Miss Marion?" said Rumble, fidgeting with the corner of hei* apron. " Yes," said Marion, " a verv long way ; but my aunt writes so lovingly about my coming that I must not think about that." " She's in luck's way, she is," quoth Mrs. Rumble; " but none can be fonder of you. Miss Marion, than them that has known and loved yon here. Many and many's the time has Mr. Malcombe said to me, 'The mistress fair loves the ground Miss Marion sets her foot on.' Ay 1 that has he; and he's a know- ledgeable man, too, is Mr. Malcombe, and not one to waste his breath saying words wi' no sense in 'em." " I know—I know," said Marion, catching her breath quickly; " yon have all been 60 good to me—so good." • Her own image in the mirror opposite which she stood grew dim as she looked at it; her hands trembled as she smoothed the russet locks that seemed here and there to have caught and prisoned a sunbeam. . It wanted some time to the hour when the first dinner-gong would sound, so, after enjoying .the cup of tea that Mrs. Rumble brought up to her room, Marion stayed in that quiet retreat, neglecting to light the tall candles on the toilet and mantelshelf, and letting the gloaming have its day. Outside, broken shafts of fitful winter sunset glow had darted from behind a bank of cloud, touching, like loving fingers of light, tree and sward. Marion knew they were falling on the tossing waters far below her window, turning the curled crests of the wayes to silver dust; but she could not see the sea. She could only hear it. And what a strange, sad, monotonous song was that it seemed to sing! The shafts of light died out, the world became a picture put in in greens and greys, both faint and pale. The white wings of a gull, flitting across the sky, looked ghostly against the background gloom. The wind was rising, and swayed the leafless trees, so that the tips of their branches tapped aga" the window pane. And out of the growingshadows came the sound of the sea. What, oh what, was that it seemed to say ? Marion sat crouching in the deep bay window, her arms resting on the low, wide, old-fasliioned seat that ran round it, her face white and weird in the light that grew greyer and dimmer each moment, lifted eagerly, as though she listened with all her soul to what that sad voice said. " Very far away—very far away." The sea had caught up Mrs. Bumble's simple words, and kept repeating them over 1 saa refrain— om the old house where she had been so happy; from the pretty rosegarden where the roses, when they bloomed again, would see her never more wandering in their midst, bending down to sip the sweet breath of this one or of that, gatherin dainty blossom here or there to set in bosom; from all things that had grown dear to her—made her life beautiful. Was there some deeper note of sadness still, some passionate mad regret in the song of the sea, m which she d&re; not whisper the name even to her own heart ? With a stifled cry—half moan, half sob— her head droops low upon her arms. When she raises it again her face is streaming with tears, her lips move. She is praying for herself and another, for she knows—ah me! how well she knows—that very soon the sea will sing the same sad song for that other when she shall be " very far away!" ( Terbe contin ued.) 