IISTERIOUS DISAPPEARANCE Ow Lord Braokenbury. Y AMEILLIA 1. EDWARDS.] i'lLasd by Arrangewnt wilth Harn~er Brotlaers New York.) cHfAPTER XLIX.-(C'ornsinuad) 3ain would she have written to her friend that very day, that very hour: but Lancelot hound her over to silence. She must wait till the plans were ready, the ground marked out, and the endowminment papers drawn up. .All this would take at least a month. ' There is one other good deed that you must remember to do for my sake, Lancelot,' she said presently. 'I -want you to befriend. poor Lettice Leigh.' '.What do you wish 25e to: do for . her 2' TWell,* to take icare of her--to see tihat she and her ipoor littl&child; wanit noieithblr for' fod nbi' firing.. That cottage.-isa mere ruin.';. 'I:beg ydurpardon. That cottage is perfectly weather-tight-roof and flooring repaired; windows glazed 'and shuttered ; now doors ; new fasteriings; new kitchen range ; every thing congilate and comnfortable. 'You hlave done all this ?' S'Did you not bid me turn out the ghost and mend the roof ? and am I mot the slave of the Lamb ?' SYou are my fairy prince, all gene. rosity and goodness.' With this, they drifted back into the old strain of lovers' talk ; compar ing their miniatures; promising to write by every alternate post; forget-. ing .the hour, the.place,;.and every thing'b'ut each other. 'The features are yours-the eyes, the dear, true eyes, are yours,' he said, holding the daguerreotype this ivay andthat, to get it into a favour ablo light. 'And yet, as with all these things, there is a ghostly unlike. mess about it. I wonder if. I shall ever suncceed in making a decent por trait ofyou ?' '?You must try some day,' she said, smiling. 'I have tried, dozens of times-in chalks,' in oils, in water-colors; pro -files, front faces, three-quarters. I waialivays trying-and failing. What hbinee - had I, when 1 never had a sitting:?' " You never askbd for one.', 'I' diared ?iobt. Yet 'sometimes I salgh ia touch of likeness that pleased .nezm ilook of the eyes, perhaps-a turn of the head. I have an old shiithkespoaro at home, the margins soriwled all over'with you as Opheolia, as Imogen, Cordelia, Portia~, Miranda. Yoif"littl thought how many Shake spearo'e heroines you played for me, iearest, in those by-gone days 1' The girl looked at him; and as she looked, the tears oatiime'.towher eyes. , Lancelot,' she said, ' You must Dot give up painting. Yout will never b.e happy if you do. It 'is your vooa tion.' WIJe shook his head. ' I won't bb half an artist, Winifred. Besides, you must not forget that if Fortund'.takes from me with one hand, .she bestows infinitely more upon me -with the other. I give up art, and I ,gamn von, .' •..... ' S aBt-if you would have ~ben hap pier theo other way ?' she said, looking aside'I ' " The other way"-meaning with ount yotu whom I have loved from my Sboyhood ? I could almost say, Wini fred, that that is unkind.' 'j·, You know I do not mean it un "'hkindly. But mon are so different to "women. Love is the woman's life, 'the beginning and end of all her hopes -and fears; but theo man's vooation, the man's ambition, are more to him .' than love.' SMy vocation, as you call it, is ruled by circumstances over which neither you nor I have any contr6l,' said Lancelot, gravely. 'If I could ,havecllosen-if I could have carved out .my destiny, following my heart's desire, I could have beoon ,your husband, dear, and' a pain 'tor; not very poor, because po ,?.vorty is disagreeable; not' very 'rieh either, oxeopt in love, and hope, an'd 'perhanps in amoe, And I would liave lived in Italy, for Italy is the .artist's paradise, and the land of my ,earliest reooollections. That would have boon my dream. But it is a dream that could never have beoon ,realized. o80 long as I was froee to be a paintor, an impassablo gulf divided your 'life from mine; and the changeo rthateft you free made mo what I now am.' To sigh after an impossible com . bination of oiroumstance would be folly, and worse than folly. I am here with work to do, and the will to do it, ;and your love to makeo me happy. Not to be a i1aphnol or a Titian would I ,change backl to whore I was before.' Winifrod said nothing; but, the alight ,prossure of her haund upon his arm was answer nouogh. So ,they' strolled on for some -moments in silonce, understanding each' other thoroughly, and very aippy 'I havo .ofton thought,' heo si:1, 'proaontly, ' that Fato committod one of her grand mistakos when sho dise posed of Outhbort's lot and mino, .Never wore two squnror 1on emooass ivoly wodgod into a roundl holo, Ho, poor doer follow ' oareod no mnoro about being a lord thaln I do. In foct, I thinkc it borol him Ilmost more than it boroe men. I want to be an artis?i; ho:iivntod to bo o( sailor. A HLilor he was, too-an born seilor. 'Tho sono wos l' ia oloment; and ns for navigation, I *do6'b bollovo thero wan a ycolhtsmnn in .aEiropo to oqual him. :I. neotd to say ithat no one really know (uithhIort who 'liat?n't seon him on boanrd his own .boet in a gablo of wind, Did I over toll .you about thlt sitorm oil' Capo Maitn. aun? I mean, when I made that trip with him to the Ionian Islands five. years ago. It came sweeping down the Adriatic arid caught us in the Straits of Otranto, half way between the two coasts. We ran before it all the way to Corfu. I shall never for get it, or his coolness-his hand on the tiller-his eye on the needle-only a word of command now and then, brief and ringing and stern-and the boat obeying the helm like a good horse under a good rider. .You said something just now about a man's vocation: that was his vocation-just as Art is mine. Yes; Fate misplaced us both-gave .us what other men covet, and withheld from us the things we ourselves coveted. He cared nothing for riches- nor more do I. Polities bored him ; and they bore me. The House of Lords was his bugbear ; and it is mine. People used to say that he and I were curiously different;. but it seems to me that we were curiously alike. What do you think ?' ' I think you were as unlike as any two brothers could well be,' said Wini fred, speaking with that painful con straint that .always came upon her when the conversation took this turn. * You also'? But in what way ?' ' In every way.' 'No, no; that is too vague and too sweeping. I know we ares alike in some things; and I only wish, for my owiih sake; that we were ialike in more,' Winifred was silent. What, could she say? To her the lost .Lord Brackenbury' had always seemed im n~easireably oldbr thai Lancelot, and as grave:anid .dry asi Laiicelot was genial and Joyous. She , respected him, she admired him,! she was half afraid of him, :butshed could never have loved him. T.o tell Lancelot this was iinpossible .. D n:J?,? :).7" s:9?..y.;3 : ' He had ten" times more"character than .Ihave,' the young man continued, warming as he went:on; ' more char acter, more judgmenht; more deterimin ation, mere tenacity. He woas the sort of fellow who, when he had once made up his mind, never wavered. 'If it had been his duty to fire a mine, he would have. put on his hat, walked in as coolly, and struck hismatch as deliber ately, as if he had .been lighting a oigarette.' ' I quite belioye'e that,';.said Wini fred. ;'""" ' Heiwas ever ?o nmioch more worthy of yod, ;dear,;than 1 am.'? .: ..:" The :constrained look woent out ,of her face, and, with a ohild-like smile, she laid her'cheek againit?his shoul der. ' You shall not disparage my hero,' she said. They were standing on thelandward side of a giant oak, which grew so close to thewater's edge tllhat its spreading boughs shadowed the path.on the one side and overhung the water on the other. The stream-an arm of the Isar-edadied swiftly by, hastening to join the river. Not 6a soul' was in sight; not a sound:'of the cdity~ ::was audible. They were : apparently as much alone as if they had been on a desert island. ' ' Soi Lancelot made the only , answer that could well be made to words so sweet.. He hissed her. Perhaps his eyes looked lingoringly into hers; perhaps their lips met more than once. At all events, it was one of. those * foolish, fond, .delightful. moments, so prosaid in prose, so poetic in poetry, when nothing in life seems worth living for or dying for but love. Moments so few, so brief,.so preoious, that it was haril thy .should be interriupted-by a cough. CHAPTER L. TI! 'lI I n stT'Q u n axt.l. OniodtSrPE YoTL emerging firdm be hiiidthe tree trink;' the owner of the oough (and amoro disoreetly modulated cough niever prioceeded from human lips) :discovered only a young lady buttoning her glove, and a young man stiiring vacantly at the sky. He was an old gentleman, small, shrivelled, bright-eyed, with a book under his arm, and a scrap of ribbon in his button-holo. He must have beeoon sabnding just ant the other side of tho big tree, on the very ,brink of the river; and being, doubtless, unwilling to assist unseeoon at so exceeoodingly pri. vate a oonversation, had no ohoi'e between making his appearance and walking into the wator. He smiled-he would surely have been more than mortal if hoeould have helped it I But the lovers lookedl as lovers look when they are caught rod and shy, and somewhat indignant. 'I t eyo in Aroadid vli,' said the little old gentleman, lifting his hat, and walking briskly away. . . For a moment they were both silent, Then Lancolot laughed unoomfortably. 'B y Jovo I now,' he qjaculated, ' who would have dreamed of that aged fossil being stowed away round the cornor like a light.comedy parent boe. hind a soroon at tho end of the third aot ?' SWhat did he say ?' He quoted a Latin line from a picturo of Niool6 Poussin's--' 't eyo in A4;cadia vci.,' whioh means, * And I too lived in Aroadia.' I presume he wishoed to imply that at some remoto period in tho.eanrly history of mankihid he had himsolf boon young and in love.' ' How pretty 1'" ' Well, yes-and aptly quoted. I wonomlor who he is ?' ' Toll me what the piotro is liko, Lancolot.' T 'o be conftl~bu6l , loavy unhilnros in thu Gulgong dintlot,. !lhu JioUrlUb oimo ~n)nuo is to 0o foarImIlly opound t;o-day (Saturdny). Mr. ,Jolm,' Uoxall, nir 'old ?onnboriold roH1 don0l, 11has droppod doed from hoLart dionao, Thl dicniond drill ot tloa thlt, brolko 1110 foobldown, is abaiudunod. ,All olk?ts to RUcuro it faled., Iho rlvor li?uol., "nouv Gooktown, is highor thnu it hns ovolr boou known to be feor ne!y yO?rs. 