S.A.J.C. AUTUMN MEETING. Fibst Day : Saturday. May 6. The heavy clouds_ which darkened the sky Bnl Saturday morning held out strong in licatJons of a visitation of rain, but for once was kind to the South Australian Jockey Club, and a better day for racing than the afternoon proved could not have been made to order. The first racing train carried a full complement of passengers to the course ;. and two more, which were dispatched in time to land their living freight before the Hurdle Race was started, were well filled, while an unusually large number of traps of all sorts and sizes occupied the road between 12 and 1 o'clock. The Stand, with its new entrance in the centre, was well filled earlv in the proceedings, and, as is alwayB the case at Morphettville, there were a number of ladles present ; but we did not notice any of the company availing themselves of the opportunity of promenading on Mr. Barnard's Lawu, which was looking its best on Satur day. Want of space prevents the energetic Secretary of the S.A.J.C. from securing to ladies that monopoly of the promenading ground which they enjoy at Flemington, and perhaps this accounts for their retaining their scats continually on Saturday. Estimating attendances is unsatisfactory work, but it may be safely said that there were more people on the course than have been seen at Morphettville even on an Adelaide Cup Day for several years. The outside portion of the ground looked bare in comparison with the btand and enclosure ; but at one part of the afternoon there was a very fair muster in the Derby Stand, and no room was vacant on those favourite pitches in front of the Stand— the Steeplechase fences, Kaces never seem complete without a band of some kind ; the music imparts a certain amount of go to the proceedings between the acts, and Mr. Barnard saw the company sup plied with melody on Saturday, thougn the performers were neither Austrians nor military men. All the arrangements were first-class, each of the latest 'im- provements' ?was pronounced upon in favourable terms, and there was no hitch about trains— in fact, the management carried out the promises held out in their advertise ments to the letter, and in all probability we shall hear very little grumbling in future about the inconvenience of getting to Mor phettville on race days. The new totalizator was very consistent in its performances throughout the afternoon, and the operators says there is not the slightest doubt of its being unable to record incorrectly, though they may be divided in opinion as to its being as quick a worker as the Climax. At any rate the Club put through over £4,000, and in the first race the dividend declared was £S0 17s., the highest price the instrument has laid its clients against a winner, except ing that celebrated prize yrhich D.O.D.'s admirer, Mr. Smith, received last year. The racing was first-class, and, as may be imagined, there was a good deal of cheer ing when Sir Thomas Elder's colts passed the post first on two occasions, as the owner of the tartan jacket is, without doubt, about the lx:st friend legitimate racing has in Australia. Punctually to time Mr. Harvey weighed out fourteen competitors for the Hurdle Race, and with Sir Peter in the field quality was represented as well as, quantity. The Glenorvan party were very confident about their horse, and as he seemed well and Lad the assistance of Batty the public gave the neat chesnut the preference over every thing, though Acrobat claimed a very strong following. _ leend. had him in great form, and his belief in his ability to win was, as the result of the race will show, not far from correct. Sir Peter looked all over a champion as Chifhey cantered him slowly past the Stand, and he ran a great race : but a horse.no matter how good he may be, is, as Mr. Wilson puts it, ' anchored' with 12 st. 10 1b. in the saddle. Charcoal is a sour looking horse, but he had shown good pace in private, and no one was prepared for the mild part he played in the race. The ulti mate winner Btripped a verv useful looking upstanding horse, and Mr. Pegler was said to be 'lond;' but although that gentleman, who is a constant supporter of both our Autumn Meetings, has never yet brought a bad horse to the metropolis, only scp en persons followed the Stag on Saturday. It was a very pretty race all through, only one mistake being made ; but the Stag was in front the whole way, and, cuttiDg his opponents down one by one as they came at him, he finally won very cleverly by three lengths. Acrobat, who came rather late, got second place, but Glenorvan could never °-et on fighting terms in the last half-mile, and Charcoal s runninz was ' quite too awful ' Directly the flag fell Floyd appeared to pull liim back last, and the most he did aitcrwards -was to make a sudden spurt through some of the rearmost horse3 and then stop. When he came in the horse's Sides were quite innocent of spur-marks, and as Floyd is not in the habit of errins on the side of kindness, this strengthened ~the un complimentarv remarks which were bein' vented in the paddock anent the horse's running. The Stewards appa rently saw nothing, but they were applied to in the afternoon by the owner of the horse to investigate the matter, and we understand that Floyd will appear before them early this -week to explain why Charcoal ran £©_ badly. It may be mentioned 'here that prior to the race the horse was sold by Mr. Bradshaw to a member of the ring, and ran in his interest. Eleven youngsters sported silk for the South Australian Stakes, and, as Mr. Dakin was very partial to Guesswork's chance, he soon touched 6 to 4, while 4 to 1 could be had about his strapping companion, Bassanio. The Royal Irishman would have commanded support, if only because he was the mount of Hales, but, in addition, to this strong recommendation, there was a report of his having been well tried. Satanella, who has grown and improved considerably since the spring, was as the superior of Home Rule bound, to have a great chance, and in addition to this very nice filly only Mr. Savill's pet, Footstep, was asked for. When mounted Guesswork jumped about the paddock and misbehaved himself generally in a way that must have made his_ backers decidedly uneasy, but when Rawlings got him out of the paddock he walked quietly to the starting post, and in the first break away jumped off as if in the humour to race; but the delays caused by the eccentric perfor mances of Themis ruffled his temper again, and when the flag dropped he hung at the post. Two very slow beginners, too, were Bassanio and Brilliant, and when the field were making from the hurdle near the quarter-mile post to the Btraight the race looked a match between Satanella and Footstep. From this point, however, Bassanio began to come along like a race horse, and the leaders swinging put at the turn O'Brien slipped up on the inside, and catching Satanella hand-over-hand as they came on he cot up and won easily by a length. The victory of the tartan jacket was the signal for a round of applause, and Sir Thomas Elder, who timed his return to the colony very happily, was warmly congratulated on all sides. Mr. Dakin no doubt would have preferred to see the colt which he advised his friends was the best win; but Bassanio's victory was a very substantial con solation, and as through a long run of bad luck he has always refrained from joining in the many condemnatory remarks which have been directed against Gang Forward, the successes of the stock this season must be very satisfactory to the manager of the Morphe_ttville Stud. The Novel Selling Race was a gift to Cremorne, who is a cut above the ordinary plater, and was cheap enough to Mr. Hart at 145 guineas, if his legs are all right A good deal of interest was centred in the meeting of Topaz and Turretfield in the Leger} as the chesnnt has enjoyed the re putation since he won on New Year's Day of being a much better colt than his public performances suggest. When led out of his box on Saturday he looked a fine com manding colt, and extended he is without doubt a great mover ; but his appearance bore out the reports of Mr. Savill's not having been able to get him thoroughly wound up. Topaz, on the other hand, looked in rare form, and with Hales in the saddle and his Derby and two-year-old form to fall back upon, it seemed madness to think that the Dutchman could be with him at the finish. The Count, a great leathering brown, had several times shown pace, and though he stayed pretty fairly to-day he will be more at home on short courses until he settles down a bit. As will be seen from the report of the race the issue was practically confined to Topaz, and Turretfield and the favourite won easily at the finish, though Turretfield was going so well a quarter of a mile from home that it looked Eke being a race until condition told its tale. Topaz was brei by Mr. Blackler, and is owned by Mr. Robert Love, who must be accounted a very lucky man to have started his career on the turf with such a horse as Topaz, especially as he has refrained from buying anything eke since. After the Spring Meeting in Melbourne Topaz ?went into Harry Tothill's hands with a leg, and many regarded the colt as fated to make a very long retirement from the racecourse ; but the Somerton trainer is a wonderful man at treating legs, and though the colt has done a power of work during the last fort night he pulled up as sound as a bell on Saturday. Turretfield, on the other hand, went home lame, and 500 to 25 was offered against him for the Cup directly he went down in the Leger. Hyacinth, though terribly dicky on his legs in the pad dock, was the fancied article among the twenty-one that sported silk in the Flying Handicap. Baron von Mueller, whose con dition was simply perfect, was also a great tip, and of the others Henrietta and Trans ferred were backed. A very long delay occurred at the post, on account of the starter not having room to get his field spread out. There is a dip on the outside of the running track, and with a large field it is impossible to get them in line without placing some of the horses in this dip. Lan caster took a lot out of herself in the numerous breakaways which occurred ; and another very prominent colour always seen in the front was Mr. SaviU's jacket on Footstep, while quite as prominent in the rear was Lavinia. When at last they were let go Convent rushed to the front, and she made the running at her best pace to the turn, where Henrietta and Baron von Mueller emerged from the ruck and closed on the leader, Hales, in the meantime, coming through on the inside with Transferred. Henrietta broke down badly in the straight, and left Transferred in front ; but the Baron was in the humour to race, and O'Brien handling him beautifully caught the bay colt in time to win cleverly by half a length. For this performance the winner carries a penalty in both the Cup and Goodwood Handicap, but despite the extra 71b. he must be very bad tobeat in the mile race ; and he will not lack friends in the Cup, though public form contradicts the idea of his getting beyond a mile. The times all through were extraordinarily fast, but seeing that the gentleman whose watch is taken as the official register stations him self on the Stewards' Stand, it is simply impossible for him to give a reliable record.. The official time for the mile race was 1 min. 42i sec. and, if correct. Cremorne's was a wonderful performance ; but private watches made it several seconds slower. £4,031 passed through the totalizator, the dividends being— Hurdles, £80 17s.; S.A. Stakes, £10 2s. ;i Selling Race, £3 14s. ; Leger, £1 19s. ; Flying Handicap, £4 13s. HURDLE RACE. . A handicap sweepstakes of 5 bovs. each, with 100 soys added. About two miles and a half. Second horse 20 sots, from the prize. st. 1b. Mr. A. EL Pegler's b.g. Stag, by Australian Buck — Gipsy, 4 yrs., 9 Bt. 3 lb. (Pegler, jun.) .. ..1 Mr. E. T. Eeid's b.g. Acrobat, 6 yra., 10 st. 9 lb. (F.Hill) .. .. .. .- ? I Mr. W. T. Cowan's g.g. Roebuck, aged, 9 st. 3 lb. (W. Beauchamp) ? 3 Mr. John Wilson's b.h. Sir Peter, 5 yrs., 12 st. 10 lb. (Chifney). Mr. John Wilson's cr.ft. Jack, aged, 11 st 9 lb. (Mclnness). Mr. M. C. Jacohs's b.g. King of Trumps, aged, 11 st. (Hussey). Mr. Webb's ch.g. Glenorvan, aged, 10 si 10 lb. (Batty). ; Mr. T. Cowan's ah. Encounter, aged, 10 st. 8 lb. (Munro). Mr. Seth Ferry's b.m. Triplet, aged, 10 st. 5 lb. (Patterson). Mt. C. H. T. Hart's b.h. The Punter, 5 yis., 10 st. 4Ib.(Muscall). Mr. L Lipman'sbr.g. Charcoal, 9 st. 7 lb. (4 lb. over) (Floyd). Mr. O. Aiken's b. or hr.h. Dutchman, aged, 9 st. 7 lb. (McSorley). Mr. W. A. Filgate's b.g. Struck Oil, aged, 9 st. (2 lb. over) (Tierney). Messrs. Robertson Bros;' b.m. Minerva, 4 yrs., 9 st. (Mason). Betting— 5 to 2 agst. Glenorvan, 4 to 1 Acrobat, 5 to 1 Sir Peter and Charcoal, 100 to 12 Eoebuck, 100 to 10 Stag. The fourteen were soon sent on their journey, and on arriving at the first jump Stag showed the way from Encounter and Glenorvan, next to whom came The Punter, Triplet, and King of Trumps ; while Char coal, who was steadied directly the flag fell, wasin the extreme rear. No change occurred to the next hurdle, where King of Trumps came down, and was replaced as runner-up to Stag by Triplet ; while Acrobat came next, and he was just in front of Sir Peter, Eoebuck, Encounter, and Glenorvan, the last four being Jack, Struck Oil, The Punter, and Char coal. The up-country horse led then at a good pace round the bend and into the straight, his nearest attendants being Encounter, Glenorvan, and Triplet, these three being closely waited upon by Sir Peter and Acrobat to the Stand, where Stag was leading by a couple of lengths, and Eoebuck, Glenorvan, and Triplet were dead level, with the rest in close order, saving Charcoal, who was still watchine the race from a distant rearmost position. At Elder's Stag was still in possession, with Roebuck second just in front of Sir Peter and Minerva, -with Jack, Glenorvan, and Acrobat side by side next, and they ran in much the same order to the milepost, where several of the second division were trying to get a pull at the leader, and Charcoal at this point made a noticeable run. Roebuck got to Stag's girths at the south-eastern corner, and the top weight was going well at the grey's heels, and just clear o£ Glenorvan and Acrobat, of whom Batty appeared a little un easy on the former. The Stag had no sooner shaken off Roebuck than he was joined at the half-mile post by Sir Peter, and jumping the hurdles at the bend the quicker of the two the crack's head appeared to be in front on landing, but directly they began to gallop again Stag's light weight enabled him to draw to the front once more ; and here Glenorvan, Acrobat, and Eoebuck were all struggling to get up, while Struck Oil emerged from the rearmost divi sion, and got to the tail of the leaders. Coming to the last hurdle Stag was two lengths clear of Sir Peter, with Boebuck and Acrobat together next, and after jumping this Acrobat next the rails shot out in pursuit of the leader, whom he threatened to catch nntil a hundred yards from home, when young Pegler called on bis horse for a final effort, and drawing away he won decisively by nearly^three lengths. A grand race for second place ended in favour of Acrobat, and Sir Peter, who was steadied after jumping the last flight, was a good fourth, with Triplet filth, and Glenorvan, Jack, Struck Oil, Char coal, Dnchman, and Minerva in the order named, the last to pass the post beine The Punter. Time, 5 min. Ci sec. sorrn acstralias stakes. A sweepstakes of 20 sovs. each, 5 ft, with 100 sovs. added. For two-year-olds. The second horse to save his stake, and the breeder of the winner to receive SO sovs. from the stakes. Colts, S st : allies, 7 st 11 lb. Seven furlongs. The winner of any two year-old stake, not a handicap, of the value of 100 sovs. and under 200, to carry S lb. extra ; of two or more such races, 5 lb. extra ; cf any such race of the value of 200 sovs. and upwards, 5 lb. extra ; of two or more such races. 3 lb. extra. Penalties not accumulative. An allowance of 3 lb. to horses that have started three times in any two-year-old race without being placed. Sir Thomas Elder's b.c. Bassanio, by Gang For ward— Jessica, 8 st (O'Brien) .. .. ..i Mr. J. H. Aldridge's br.f. Satanella/by Bethnal Green— Beeswing, 7 st. 11 lb. (Hutchins) . . 2 Mr. T. Walker's b.f. Brilliant, by Emulation— Bnby, 7 st. 11 lb. (Barr) ? s Mr. W. Hutchison's b.f. Surprise, by Country man— Norna, 7 st. 11 lb. (N'eabitt). Mr. J. E. Savin's ch.f. Footstep, by Countryman —Instep. 7 st 11 lb. (Williams). Mr. W. B. Rounseveu'sjb. or br. c. Prometheus, by Tubal Cain— Lurline, S st (Colley). Mr. Jan. Jenkins's ch.c. Royal Irishman, by Irish. King— Tivandiere, 8 «t. (Ilales). Mr. HI Tothill'a ch.f. Home Rule, by Gang For ward-Irish Queen, 7 st 11 lb. (Walker). Sir .Thomas Elder's ch.c. Guesswork, by Gang Forward— Peradventure. S st. 5 lb. (Rawlings). Mr. E. Bowman's b.f. Themis, by Emulation Crown Jewel, 7 st. 11 lb. (CampWl). Mr. C. W. Bowman's br.c. Endymion, by Treg eagle — Nancy (Wyman). Betting— 6 to 4 agst Guesswork, 4 to 1 Eoyal Irishman and Baasanio, 5 to 1 Satanella and Foot step. There were three or four false starts, and Themis twice ran the length of the course. The second time Mr. McDonald very wisely refused to wait for her, and after a little delay, caused by Brilliant's fractiousness, the flag went down. Guesswork did notjnmD into his bridle with the others, and when they were fairly on their legs he was four lengths in the rear of everything, while Footstep was off the mark like lightning from Home Eule, with Bassanio, Endymion, Surprise, Royal Irishman, and Prometheus in a cluster. As they came to the south-eastern corner Footstep led by half a length from the Irishman, next to whom came Home Rue, Surprise, and Satanella, with Prometheus and Guesswork next, the lot being whipped in by Bas sanio and Brilliant. At the halt-mile post Royal Irishman had given place to Satanella, who wa3 at the heels of Footstep, the field being pretty well packed, with the exception of Bassanio, Brilliant, and Endymion, who to all appearances were out in the cold. Rounding the turn Satanellajoined the leader, and here Bassanio and Brilliant began to make up their ground, while Guesswork on the out side of everything was threatenine danger until they Jnade the [turn into the straight, where the leaders swinging ont the favourite was carried right clear, and O'Brien^natched the opportunity of whip ping np on the inside with Bassanio. Footstep cracked at the distance, and just as Satanella s name was being shouted on all sides Bas sanio swept* up in the centre of the course, and, gradually catching the filly he was alongside fifty yards from home, and drawingaway as they reached the goal won in gallant style by nearly a length. Brilliant was three parts of a length from Satanella, and not quite that distance in front of Footstep, with Guesswork fifth, Home Rule, who came very fast in the straight, sixth, Eoyal Irishman seventh, Promotheus eighth, Surprise ninth, and Endymion last Time, 1 min. 32} sec. NOVEL HANDICAP SELLING RACE, Of 100 sovs. Winner to be sold for 50 sovs. Any surplus to go to the funds of the Club. One mile. Mr. H. Haines's br.g. Cremorne, by Oliver Twist -Gelatine, G yrs., 7 st. 101b. (J.Williams) .. 1 Mr. Cripps's b.m. langulac, aged (nil), 6 st. 10 lb. (Cracknell) ? 2 Mr. B. Griffiths's b.h. Little Dick, 4 yrs. (nil), 6st. 31b. (Barr) ? ,. 3 Mr. R. Griffiths's eg. All Smoke, 3 yrs. (nil), 6 st. (5 lb. over) (O'Brien). Mr. J. H. Hill's cf. Toonketchen, 2 yrs. (nil), 6 st. 3 lb. (2 lb. over) (Boase). Mr. C. H. T. Hart's b.g. Monte Carlo, 6 yrs. (£50), 7 st. 7 lb. (2 lb. over) (Murdoch). Mr. A. H. Pegler's br.g. Sturt, 8 yrs. (£20), 7 st. (Quinn). Mr. G. H. Read's br.g. Rifleman, 5 yrs. (£10), 6 st. 11 lb. (3 lb. over) (Sanders). Betting— C to 4 agst Cremorne and Langulac. All Smoke and Cremorne were off first, with Toon ketchen and Little Dick next, while at the tail of the field was Rifleman, he having refused to leave the post. No change occurred in the order until the sis-furlong post was reached, when Toonketchen had taken up the running from All Smoke, with Little Dick, Langulac, and Cremorne in the order named to the haif-miie post, where Toonketchen had a four lengths' advantage, and Little Dick, Cremorne, and Langulac were dead level. The filly was stopping fast at the bend, and Cremorne going to hei- had her settled as they made the turn, whore Langulac took second place ; but she had not the ghost of a chance witn Cremorne, who won hard Held by two lengths. Little Dick was a good third, and then came Toonketchen, Rifleman, Sturt, All Smoke, and Monte Carlo in the order named. Time, l min 42$ sec. THE ST. LEGER STAKES. A sweepstakes of 20 sovs. each, 5 ft, with 150 added. For three-year-olds. Colts, 8 st. 10 lb.; fillies, 8 st. 7 lb. The second horse to receive 60 soys, and the third 25 sovs. out of the stake. One mile and three-quarters and 132 yards. Mr. Robert Love's b.c. Topaz, by Countryman Cameo, 8 st 10 lb. (T. Hales) ? 1 Mr. C. L. McDonald's ch.c. Turretfleld, by Blue Gown— Ithaca, 8 st. 10 lb. (Williamson).. .. 2 Mr. T. Cowan's br.c. The Count, by Winterlake —Countess, 8 st. 10 lb. (Bullin) ? 3 Mr. McNamara's blk.c. The Dutchman, 8 st. 10 lb. (Keam). Mr. D. O'Dea's b.c. Souvenir, 8 st. 10 lb. (Wyman). Betting— 5 to 4 on Topaz, 2 to 1 agst. TurretSeld, 4 to l agst. The Dutchman. At the first attempt they jumped off together, and after going a few strides Souvenir settled down with the lead from Tnrretfield, the favonrite lying last, as at a steady pace they came to the Stand, with Souvenir two lengths in front of Turretfield, who was pulling double just clear of The Count, the favourite being level with Dutchman at the heels of Mr. Cowan's colt. Saving that The Dutchman im proved his position slightly, there was no change until for the next quarter of a mile, but coming to the mile-post the pace began to improve, ana on Turretfleld supplanting Souvenir Hales moved np a bit on Topaz. Opposite the Stand Turretfield, still very anxious to improve the pace, was a length in front of The Count, with the other three on terms to the six furlong post, where The Count was at Turretfleld's girth and Topaz was very handy. The chesnut going very strong took his two followers along at a good pace past the half-mile post, and rounding the bend Wil liamson still had a good hold of his head while Hales was niggling at his horss, but when they got fairly into the straight Topaz joined Turretfield. and getting him into trouble at once came on and won easily by a good half-length. The Count wa3 twelve lengths off third, and then came Souvenirand The Dutchman. Time, 3 min. 25J sec. FLYING HASniCAP, Of 100 sovs., added to a sweep of 3 sov3. Three quarters of a mile. Sir T. Elder's ch. Baron von Mueller, by Gang Forward— Hippona, 4 yrs., 8 st. (O'Brien) . . 1 Mr. W. Branch's b.c. Transferred, 2 yrs., 7 st. 21b. (21b. overKHales) .. .. .. ..2 Mr. W. B. Rounsevell's b.f. Henrietta, 3 yrs., 7 st. 10 lb. (Cracknell) ? : .. 3 Mr. W. Pearson's br.h. Hyacinth, 5 yrs., 8 st 10 lb. (Trahar). Mr. J. Wilson's b.h. Harp of Erin, 4 yrs., 7 st 7 lh. (4 lb. over) (Williamson). Mr. W. Blacklegs ch.f. Annie Firmin, 3 yrs.. 7 st. Elb. (Hutchins). Mr. C. H. T. Hart's b.f. Lavinia, 8 yrs., 7 st. 5 lb. (4 lb. over) (Murdoch). Mr. J. E. Savill's ch.f. Footstep, 2 yrs., 7 st. 3 lb. (Barr). Mr. G. H. Read's b.m. Lady Melissa, 5 yrs., 7 st. 3 lb. (Shaddrich). Messrs, Robertson Brothers' b.f. Lancaster, 8 yrs., 7 st. 2 lb. (J. O'Brien). Mr. W. A. Filgate's b.f. Baalbec, 3 yrs., 7 st. 2 lb. (Boase). Mr. A. H. Pegler's b.f. Convent. 2 yrs., 6 st. 121b. (Quinn). Mr. Joan Crozier, juiu's b.c. Glory, 2 yrs.. 6 st. 12 lb. (Wa'kerj. Sir Thomas Elder's b.g. Advance, 3 yrs., 6 st. 101b. (Tyler). Mr. John Crozier, jun.'s b.g. Cardinal, 2 yrs., 6 st. 101b. (Sanders). Mr. H. Giles's br.m. Maid of Troy, 8 yrs., 6 st. 10 lb.'(Grunwood). Mr. T. Jordan's br.c. Standard Bearer, 2 yrs., 6 st. 91b. (Moore). Mr. W. Crozier's b.f. Luna, 2 yrs., 6 st 8 lb. (Barr). Mr. Ross T. Reid's br.f. Bride of Troy, 2 yrs., 6 st. Tib. (Bums). Mr. W. Gordon's b.f. Sweetlips, 2 yrs., 6 st. 7 lb. (Etheridge). Mr. J. Cripp's b.m. Laneulac, aged, 6 st. 12 lb. After a number of breakaways Convent jumped off first, and immediately drew ont with a clear lead of Footstep, Transferred, and Annie Firmin, who were just in front of Henrietta and Lancaster, with Baron Von Mueller and Harp of Erin at the head of the main body of the field. At the half-mile post Footstep was drawing on the leader, and the colours of Henrietta and Annie Firmin were very prominent among the next lot, but as they came round the turn Con vent, Footstep, and Annje Firmin retired suddenly, and Harp of Erin, Henrietta, Baron von Mueller, and Transferred were left at the head of affairs. In the straight Henrietta and Harp of Erin stopped, and Transferred on the inside showed in front, but he was at once tackled by the Baron, and the ches nut staying the longest won a good race by half a length. Henrietta was a moderate third, Standard Bearer fourth, Harp of Erin fifth, and Footstep sixth. Time, l min. 18 J sec. 