THE ENGINEER'S STORY. MAYHAP, stranger, you hev run over the Pennsylyany Central Railroad. As ? you may .say, I was born and brought up on that' line, first as fireman, then1 engineer nigh on to twenty years. It's allers excitin' to ran a machine, and wen I was a fireman I UBed to think it was better to be top of one of them Bplendid engines than to1 be President of the United States. The day they firstrpujb me on the footboard and I took the lever in my hand and knew it was my engine, I reckon I was the proudest man between Pittsbnrg and Altoona. I kinder thought that everybody was goin,' to be out, thet day, to see how the train made her run, and. you kin bet all yout specie that she went smack up, ,to the minit, the whole 117 miles. But this kind of spirit wore off, after a while, 'n I settled down into a sober steady goin' man; 'n they did say thas I wor as safe 'n reliable a man as they hed in the business. I hev to say it, stranger, as there's nobody else to d<? it-f elsewise you wouldn't know it. I was turned 33 wen me and Mary wa-s married. Twenty-eight years ago! You hev a wife, stranger ? Hevn't got no wife! Well! may haps it's just as well! I bed Mary some eight years, but it don't seepi like'no time, now. I left her there in the old Keystone /3tate, her an' the boy. Sometimes I think I'd like to go back agin, and see the place where th,ey both lie, but I suppose I never shall. Don't seem as if T had the heart to do it. It wasn't in apy ghm'"h-yard, you know; but a little way. up the m\?untein there was a green quiet spot among the and ^ey 010 there not more 'n 100 feet, sft£ above the track -and I often wonder'it 9®^®?^doesnt stilly dream, when the New Yor* ! ! thunders by, that his old father is holding i the throttle. I put up a snng cabin by the side of the road where I had a small clearin', and be tween whiles I used to plant my potatoes and things, enough to keep na going, and Mary had, her garden. Mary allers took to flowers, as I UBed to tell her, jokin' like, 'cos she was one of the family. Then we bad a cow, and Mary raised chickens, and I never gee no person could do aa much with chickens as Mary could. Jest seemed like those henB were allers etrainin' of theirselves laying eggs. You never see nothin' pay stricter attention to bnemesB than what they did. Never standin' about : and foolin' around, but allers at it. And I then they'd set an hatch incredible. Mostly j two broods a year, and brought 'em all up. Mary raised the cow. One of the neigh - i hours gave it to her when it was a calf, and she mode muoh ol it. I used to tie it to a Btake near the cabin when it was a little thing, for it to eat grass. Maty didn't know mnoh about things then, she was young like, and one day she thought she'd put the call in the stable. I told her she'd better not try jt-she jast a slight girl. Now a calf, yon know, is the moat deeeivin' animal w the world. It don't look as if it had any strength, and yet it'll upset a fall-grown man. So Mary unties the rope and BtartB for the Bhed, and the oalf kioked np its heels and away it went. Mary held on the rope and away Bhe went-thrown down, rolled over-and there waB a confusion of calf and calioo all over the place. There wasn't no bones broken, but Mary was the most amazed girl you ever saw. That calf grew up to be a knowin'cow. She used to run out on the traok just on purpose to frighten people. She'd otay on till the train WBB close np, but never got hit. The men soon all got to know her and didn't mind her. Bat whenever a new engineer came along and saw her he'd whistle brakes and raise a rumpus, often bringing the train to a dead Btop. Bnt she'd walk offj nat at the right time, and seemed to understand the joke. Our little cabin was in among the moun tains, a good ways from any other house,; and I nsed to sometimes think that Mary must be lonely, with me away so muoh of the time. You see, I was allera out three; nights.in the week. I went up in the day time, passing my house at noon, and down; again that night, passing at midnighi. But. I waB home two or three days in the week and allers Sanday. The plaoe where we; lived was a wild region of conntryi and the storms we UBed to have np there, BO high in the air, was fearful. I didn't tell you anything about the boy r No ! Well, do you know I took to him the very first moment. And that's a very, curious thing about babies. Now I never; fancied 'em much, but I tell you, stranger, it makeB all the difference in the world whether it's your baby, or whether it belongs te somebody else, I've seen a, great many of 'em in my time, and accordin' to their parents they was the most; uncom mon babieB j but I could never see much of it. I nsed to laugh a good deal when people made such fools of themsejves over their children, but I know exactly how it is now, for I suppose I was the greatest fool over my Charley as ever lived. Mary named him Charley. That was after me. Seems to me that boy took to a locomotive from the time he was six months old. His mother would Bit out in front of the house, with him in her lap, when I was up at noon, and she'd kiss her hand and wave the baby afc me. By the time he was 3 , years old he'd got so that I used to take , him up to ride with me. There waa a water tank near the house, and when I stopped ] to water ho was allore there, I'd ketch him up 'n carry 'im off ten or twenty miles, ; till I met another train, and soma of the boys'd carry him back home. 'TwaBn't long afore there was scarce a man on the : road sb didn't know Charley Latham's baby. They'd pick 'im up wherever they sould find him, and sometimes he'd be ! gone nearly all day, but somebody'd set bim down afore night, 'n he'd come toddlin' home. Sometimes I think if a queer how the men used to take to that baby. There was fellers just aa rough as bears-brakes men; they'd get drunk and crazy with ; liquor, and cut or shoot a man quicker 'n Lightnin'; 'n' section men-up in them mountains them section men were mighty . iard cases. What for fightin' and quarrel lin' they'd beat Sam Hill. ' An' yit - there | wasn't one o' them chapB as would Bpeak a , jross word to my baby. . They was all fond j jf 'im, and if anybody took to .impoain' on , im, whyi there'd be a mus quicker'n the Jrop of yer hat. . There was Bill Walker. Yoa didn t mow Bill Walker, did you? No! Of £ jourse you didn't. Dead now. Let a ; jwitch open on 'im and he run off. Never jpoke after they picked 'im up. Bill, he j ivas a crusty old bachelor-one of them ; l_ fellers what never aes nothin' if he can aelp hiBself. He didn't have no relations, * md he was so sot agin everybody the boys used to say they. didn't believe he ever . bad a father or mother like other folks. He'd hard lines in his life, for a fact, and ^ it made him what they call a misen-. Yes! that's it-a miaen thorp. He seemed j bo hev a particular grudge for every-; x body be had seen, and a, sorter general disgust for . everybody he hadn't. Bill picked np the baby fpr a 1 ride one day, and when he stopped at the j next station he was goin' 'round oilin' his j engine and the little tyke taggin' after, j holdin' on to his coat tail and getting his- 1 self all covered with oil and grease, jest like a reg'lar engineer'; and there was one , pf the station men as didn't like Bill, no- , how, and he sea, seB he; " Hullo, Bill 1 is ,] that a left- hander of your'n ?" ( They say Bill juBt turned aBhy. He sets down his can and reached for that feller->. jeBt one,square in the juggler,and he didn't git out o' bed for ten days. One day there came down.froni New York a rocking horse, and Mary found it at the water-tank with a piece of paper tied to the bridle, 'n it said like this: " If Bill Walker could ever wish for a baby of his own it would be little Charley?" That rocking-horse cost Bill a whole month's wages. One of the first things Charley learnt to say wen he waa beginnin' to talk, was this : You see.the men on the road used to call one another " Pard"--Bhort for « pardner." Charley he caught it, and he always called me " Pard." I don't think he ever called.me father or papa, like other children do; but it was alluB "Pard." ««yon and me iB pards, isn't we ?" he used to say. An' that's what we alius called one another, and he went by the name of "Charley Latham's pard" all over the road. I'd; be goin' by the house on the noon train, an' Leanin' out o\ the cab watehin' for 'im, 'n he'd be out in front, with a white rag or something to wave at me, and I'd pee i>y the motion of his Ups-I couldn't hear for the noise of the cars that he waB sayin' " You and me is pards, isn't we?" . ...' 4.8 I was tpllinY Sundays I laid off; 'n in the morninV after breakfast, Mary would fill up a baBket with some bread 'n butter 'n meat 'n things, and -we threa would go toff into the mountains and stay all .day. [ We use# ,to this every Suaday, and BO Charley got to callin' ifc his pard's day. You gee, he got a notion that it was the best day in the week, 'cos I waa alius home with him. I didn't neverjgo to church -it was a long ways; and then I thought Charley would get as much religion by going around in the woods and among the mountains, where the trees and leases were so beautiful and the rocks eo grand, as any other way. If they don't tell us that the Creator who made 'em all ia powerful and good, too, there ain't no preacher can do it. You went up to the top of Pike's Peak the other day. I've been there too, 'n I'd like to know if a chap can go up there among those awful precipices and gorges and look over the country for 100 miles and see the mountains around, and the plains 'way off in front that don't seem to have no end, and then look at hieself and say whether he does really amount to a row of pins. You see, I never was any Christian, and never give Charley no Buch trainin', and sometimes I think maybe I didn't do quite right by him. But, Lord love you, stranger, wen he went among the angels, I'm jest certain there wasn't none of 'em had any cleaner soul 'an what he had. There was a place about three-quarters of a mile from our place, where we ufied to go a good deal Sundays, and Mary would read the Bible to us and sing. She waB a good singer, Mary was. We used to call the place " Devil's Run." It was a sort of a creek, but didn't have no water in it, 'cept after a hard rain. It came down between two high mountains, where it was as steep as <5ould be. Wen a storm came up] I've known it in half an hour to have six feot of water in'it. Ah'then it would bring down big trunks of trees and great stones, roaring that way you could hear it for milea. ' It's got it's name because it was such an infernal place. Often I've been woke up at night by a heavy shower, and I'd hear Devil's Eun howling as thqugh. it would tear everything to~ pieces. There couldn't be no worse place fixed for the road, if they had hunted the whole country through, than right there. There was a sharp curve, and on the outside of it was a straight-up- and-down precipice for hundreds of feet, so that if a train went off it would be smashed into Ikindlin' wood and tenpenny nails. Devil's Eun went underneath the track, near the point of the curve, through a barrel culvert, and once there came on a hard storm, 'n the trees 'n the stones, and so on, choked up the culvert, which wasn't large enough, 'n the water dammed up and rose, till by'-n bye the whole embankment gave way, and twenty feet of the road went ripplin' down the mountain. They found out the break before, any accident' happened, and the culvert was rebuilt, a good deal larger thaji before. But that place the whole road was afeared of. As r was a tellin', if it hadn't been auch a wicked place Devil's run was the prettiest' one on the whole mountain. The bed of the stream was deep down, 'n full of ferns and grasses that Mary was alters gathering and we could set there in the hottest day 'n the sun could never find its way through the trees overhead. As I was tellin', Charley was born to be an engineer. By the time he had got to be six years old he knew the name of nigh all the parts of a machine. He'd learned all the signals that was used on the road. H9 knew that a red flag or red light meant danger. That a lantern, at night, swung backward 'n forward slowly across the track, would bring a train up, all standin'. All that sort o' thing he jest picked up hisself. ife kiiew the sound of every whiBtle and bell on the road, 'n could tell what ingine they belonged to, and I believe he knew the bread of No. 29] whenever she went by, night or day. No. 29, that was my ingine, I run: her about three years, and there wasn't nothin' in God's world I couldn't ^it out of her wen she was in a good humour. "We sort o' understood one another, and she hardly ever went back on me. Once in a while she did, and then she was a perfect cuss. Yes! he waB seven that winter. Just seven pears old a few days before Christmas. Alter Charley got a year or two old I allers made tnuoh of Christmas. Mostly I contrived to lay oil that day so as to be home with my little pard. Some of the boys was allers ready 'n willin' to take my ran that day them as didn't hev no wives or ohildren. Ehej'd florae and say: " Now, Latham, ihere'a yonr little pard, he'll be a" wan tin' of pou to-morrow, which iB Christmas. So Til est take your ran down. -An' this 'ere jasket, why, the boys; yotj- know, they ses, ye ain't got nochiok nor child, and we'll lend this along to Latham's little Charley." The first time they did that I was took >aok that way I stood and gaped, a lookin' troond like a natural, and oouldn't say a ?ord. And the things they used to send ]harley was astonishin'; toys and so on.: iVhy, one Christmas they sent'im a real silver nag. Oh! stranger, them days was snoh< imes as I've never hed since. There wasn't no other ohildren around for Charley' o play with, bat me 'n his mother was' all> ie seemed to oare for, 'n we'd oarry on ogether all day just as if none of nB waB' nore'n seven years old. Charley hed a little room by hie self, where1 ie slept, whioh had a window that looked [own the traok. I gave hint a railroad lan etn, whioh he trimmed and filled hisself liter I showed him how, 'n wen it was my light down he'd light his lantern 'n put it in ihe window at the head of his bed. I oonld see it a long way before I got to the hoase, n yon don't know, stranger, what comfort it was wen I was a comin' down to see that light and know that my little boy vfaa' lyin' there fast asleep and dreamin' that the roar of the train was the foots.epB of his old pard dyin' at forty mile an hour. It was my ran down Thanksgiving eve. I was goin' to Btop off in the mornin', and Bill Walker was to take my train goin' baok. We started from Altoona late in the evening and a good deal behind. It had been a bad day. The weather had been warm for some time baok, and it began to rain in the morn in', and bad rained all day. By night th? wind ohopped aronnd to the north *n began to tarn oold, so that wen we started' it was rainin' and gleetin', with an outlook fot & heavy storm. A darker night I never saw, 'n wen the oondnotor polled the bell I ses to my fireman, " Crazy, this is goin* to be an ngly ran." My fireman was a crazy, harum< scarnm sort of a boy, and so they bad nick named. him " Crazy Jake.3' Bat they Boon dropped the Jake 'n left him Crazy, and that's the name he allers went by, So he ses to me, "Bosal I guess you're right there." Crazy was one o' them boys that's often in desperate tight plaoeB, but I've never known'm was afeard o' nothin'. I've never seen'm to show the white feather. I don't believe man or deyil could soare'm but this night he seemed to be uneasy like. Sometimes there's something makes you think beforehand that something is goin' to happen'- a kind of-of-presentiment ? Yes ! that's it. Presentimen'. You can't tell exactly how it is, but if there is Bpeerits in accidents or disasters, seemB like they was tryin' some way to let folks know in time* and couldn't quite do it. Everything seemed to go wrong with us that night. The passen gers was all a-growlin' 'COB we hurried'em up supper; and when I palled oat, my machine bad the very, old boy in her. No. 29, aa I was tellin' ye, waa one ol the enreBi engines on the road, bat when she did git into her didos she was more obstreperous 'b a government mule. Ingines is like thes* sepia' machines or planners, and them things. They git out o' kilter without no reason, and yer can't tell w'at'E the matter with 'em,, only they jest ?.won't and that's all there is about it. She wouldn't steam, she fretted and snorted and foamed, and wouldn't do her work no ways at all. Me and Crazy fuBsed with her, and worked with her, and coaxed and cussed her, but it wasn't no use. "We kept run nin' behind all the time instead of makin' up' 'n the conductor swore like a pirate. He was a engineer hisself, and he came out into the cab. and for five or ten mile lie fussed and worked and coaxed and cussed. I believe that ingine knew just as well that Satan was out loose that night as if she'd been a real human. Ingines is like women-they can't tell you why a thing is eo, and can't give no reason for it, but they jest know it is so. , Mebbe we'd made thirty mile or eich matter. The rain and sleet and. hail, and snow wag eomin' down fearful. The water was pourin' down the mountain and fillin' the ditches and runnin* much as you Baw it last night. The wind was blowin' a tornado, and come tearin' through the passes gulches tbey call 'em in this country-in gusts that would strike the locomotive, like a big wave striking a ship, and almost throw her over. It was so dark, too, that I couldn't hev seen Crazy on the other side of the cab but for the lantern, and wen he opened the furnace door. But I had to get along all I could. It wouldn't do to slow up, as I was runnin' for a meetin' point. Just before you get to the curve at Devil's Bun there's a short stretch of straight track. Soon as I struck that I began to look for the light in Charley's window, which was the .other side of the ran. Strainin' my eyes tbroueh the dark .just at the point of the curve I saw a light swinging backward and forward slowly across the track. /You know I was a-tellin' you as everything went crooked that night. Soon as I saw that light I knew what it all was in a minit. It oame on me with a rash like. My hair stood on end. I blew brakes. I eoreams to the fireman, " Orazy ! Devil's Run oulvert's gone, by the linn' God t" He jumped'n sot the tender brakeB, and slid the wheels in a flash. The brakesmen behind didn't answer. They was dozin' in the oars, I reckon. I blew brakes agin with a blast to wake the dead, and threw her over. The drivers ground and groaned under me, but the rails were sleety and slippery, and I was forgiDg ahead to a gull 500 feet square down, ana 150 human lives behind me. I was tellin' ye as No. 29 that night was dead square ag'in goin' ahead; but when I threw her baok seems like she know . her biz and how muoh laid on her doin' of it well. Women, agin, is engines. Grabbed, crooked, oantankerous cusses wen they don't want to bat where its works of goodness or meroy call on 'em and they're right there. No 29 took hold on that reverse with a grit I never seen on no engine afore. She put all there WBS >n her into every turn, and the whole affair took less time than I'm a tellin' of it till the danger was by. When we stopped within twenty feet of the light, whioh was swingin'still, backward and forward, slowly across the track, I sea to Crazy, " Who's got that lantern ?" Knew it couldn't be the traokman, for we'd iast met him three miles below, and 'oept him there was nobody nearet'n ten miles at that time of night. So I gits down from the machine andrnns np the road, As I comes np I sees a little figure in white. It was still a swingin' of the light baokwarda and forwards, slowly aoross the traok. He was in his nightgown,- jaat as he got out of bed hadn't no hat, and was barefoot. The sleet had froze in his hair and his nightgown was stiff with ice. I comes np to 'im-well I was took that way I couldn't speak. An' he kep' swingin' the light bsokwardB and forwards, slowly aoross the traok, and' he sea to me, he says, "You and me's pards isn't we?" I looks at 'im a minit His eyes was open and looked queer. He waa dead fast asleep. Crazy fcelohes me or I'd gone over, whioh it were my legs seemed Tnl r - uen 1 ®6ts down on the rail, and Crazy pioks np the child, V hugein' o n8'ed ri'sht °ut a oryin1, he did The conductor and some of the men' sot out of the care and. come where we was It waa sleetin' still, 'a' growjn' bitter cold." The boys earned the baby into baggage car, whe?e there was a stove and took off his night clothes and wrannldMm wn«^1,7rt1tniet3t?:n<i ?reat eoats. There was a doctor on the train, and he sea if w« km git' m bait to bed iZtS "1 'im up p'raps it wouldn't hurt 'im ? w t he was to wake, what with the wet 'n' thn cold, 'n' the fright, like na uob t' kiU'im. So the boys im to the house, and I follered aWbut h a £ t > \ Ctnled a kitten' The doctor he tells em to be keerful and not wake 'im for it was as much as his life waa worth' So Crazy takes'm, and two of 'em holds a * blankefc over'm to keep the sleet off one goes ahead with a lantern, and two or ^e,e,,more with lanterns, so's to light the way. W en we got to the break it was just as I expected, track, road, cul vert, everything gone, clean as if-but out with a knife. The water was pitchin' round the run six feet deep, carryin' big rocks ^ T' -5at bo?Dced aQd bumped from side to side, and up into- the air, dear out of the water. It wa3 awful to How the chUd got over fh?gap! which was at least twenty feet wide I don t know. A tree hed come down and lodged crossways, and I suppose he must orer,mtth.^- W'en we come to it we was most afraid to try it. for if von log it was aU day with yon I didn t like to trust the hoys, and I sef to' Jake, "Crazy, woll.t will you? He points down into the break and ses, 'Latham we'd all be down there every mother's sonof us, but for yourlittle pard, I d drop my son! first." WelJ \ we got 'im home sare at last waT r" SWah»eb,T S°! "" Xt wa. nn w Wlls,, "" wnat waa up. We put 'im back in hi* hpd and sure enough he never waked np Next morDin' they threw a trestle over fhe break yoofenow, bnt be seemed anxious. Seemed as though he took to the ohild. Don't wonder a> .bat, neither, I watohea by 'im all that nicht ana toward day I got oat all his old Christmas things and set 'em on to a table near?he Q0uld Bee >em toe first thing But a fever came on 'im, V wen hfl onS «e7"S°' h"-W- iVStSZ SS. 5T r.a'!. p"a?" BH le did--? U. tbtaE,?dVeo^irv°rbJi8d'.T s SSESS&J;* ie iep' T He was sick jeafe a week and wanderin' and wild from first to last. I stayed with 'im all the time, for I hadn't wits enough left to handle s machine, and the boys sent word not to bother myself about business »' they'd Bee me through. SO, between 'em they id I my duty and No. 29 wont np and down in , her rpgMar runs jest aa if I w«b at tha lever. Yon know I was tellin' about the water-tank near the house. It | didn't nee to be need mnoh, bat that <yeek it seemed as though there wasn't A train either way that didn't get out o' watEE just there, and some o( 'em would come over to seo about the boy. And their wives kept aondm' nice things-and they were poor people, too. Yon see, somehow it travelled about bb fast as what little Paid had done, stoppin' the train that night, 'n' he sieh ft mite of a ohild. An' it got into the newB« papers, and tha President of the road came np to Bee 3im and all that. But he just went oa from day to day, for death struok'imlrom the first moment as he stood there in the winter rain. From his talking while he was delirious wa found out pretty muoh all how it was. I reokon he heard the storm in his sleep and the roarin' of the run and that set him to dreamin'. -Of oourse he knew it was my night, 'n' I had often told 'im what a bad plaee it was, and what to do if anything happened-never thinking that he'd go to doin' of it hisself. But ho gits up in his sleep, takes his lantern and goes out to meet me. I'd be a sittin* there watohin' of 'imby bis bed, 'n' he'd begin first, jest kind o* mutterin', and I'd hear him say, eoftly like, as ef he was talkin' to hisself: " Pard's due at the run in twenty minitg. I kin get there in time." 'Pears like it was allgoin' through his mind agin and he was doin' over jest what ha did that night. We could tell wen he got to the plaoe where the road broke, for he see, " Ein I git over on that log ? Ef I don't my pard '11 be killed." Then seemed as though he waB goin' down to the curve where we found him. An' he'd shiver like as ef the cold rain was strikin' 'im. Yon see v?o could mostly foller 'im by watohin' 'im and ketohin' what he Bald. Onot or twiot he shook right hard, and his teeth chattered. We thought it was the oold he waB feelin' agin as be felt oat therein the night with nothin' on 'im. Then he keeps still awhile like he was a waitin' and lietenin' for the train, and you'd 808 'iin hold his breath fearin' he couldn't ketoh the soand. Pretty soon he epbaks agin, gently like, and sob : " Kin he see the light in time ?" 'N he waifca a bit. Next he jumps right up in bed on his knees and screams out at the top of his voice : " Stop her, Pard 1 Stop 291" ' Stranger, I've seen frightful things In my time, but I never see anything so awful as that was. Pale and wild, with the fever on 'in., that mere baby was tryin' to make me hear, and the wind howlin* and the train roarin' the way it was. An' we'd try to keep 'im still, *n' his mother would coax him, and I'd try to quiet him 'n' he'd scream agin: " Culvert's gone! Stop her, Pard 1" An' I'd take 'im in my arms 'n' he'd be all of a quiver. Then it seemed like he heered me whistle, for he ees: " All right 1 he's blowin' brakes." An' I puts 'im back in bed and he lays still a minit like he was listening and ses: "He's a reverein' of 29, he is! My pard-pard's safe." Then he'd Bhut his eyes and drop off, and smile in his sleep, like he was satisfied. By.and-bye he'd begin and go all over it agin, and so, day after day, allers the same. He seemed to hev it in his mind all the time. The doctor, you know him I was a tellin* ibout, well, he stopped off that night and stayed with us the whole week and nursed mby like he was his own. 'N wen it was ill over I thought it was right, 'n' I ses to im, "Doctor! can I pay you?" "No!** les he, " Latham, you can't. His life laved mine. 'N besides that, Latham, 'a' lefilled up like, "besides that, Latham, I've got one jest his age. There ain't lothin' you kin give mo but that little curl ihere on his forehead." So Mary takes the " lessors and cuts it off. He kissed it, 'n )ut it in his pocket 'n went away. On the night of the break at Devil's ton, wen I got off the machino to see w\iat 7as the matter, I pulls out my wat&'h and t was twelve o'clock and three rr^nitR. It ?as exactly a week after that I took out uy watch and it was twelve o'clock and hree minits. Sotho of the neighbours had :ome from around in the mountains, 'n a nmister bid come from a village about lfteep." miles off. I didn't give no atten tion to nothin', for I was stunned like and lidn't know how it all was. I was settin' n front of the house on a large stone where Dharley used to sit and wait for me wen I vas comin' by, and I heerd a whistle, in' I see a train. It stopped near where [ was. The locomotive was No. 29. The joys had her dresBed in mournin'. Bill Walker was runnin' her and Crazy was irin'. There were three coaches, filled ivith the boys and their wives and cb-ildren. They was in their best clothes, 'h when ;hey came by where I was sittin'-they all rnew it was little Charley's place-the nen took off their hats and the women had ;heir handkerchers to their faces. I alius cnowd they was very fond of him, but it leemed as though they had lost an only shild. There were sis little boys, all the lame size, and they took 'im m, and we ill follered up the side of the mountain, [t was a mild day, and the sun shinin* iright. We crossed Devil's Ran and same to a place of level ground where ihere was some large pine trees. It was ust over the cliff, a little ways from the ?oad, say 100 feet, and in plain sight of vhere he stood wavin1 his lantern back yard and forward slowly across the traok irhen he said, " Ton and me's pards, isn't ye?" After all, it was harder on MaTy tb^n os ne. In three months' time I frjok her ihere, too, I stayed on the lip.e a little vhile after that; but I couldr.'t never go jack to my house agin, a^d whenever I vas goin* by and saw ttosa two heaps oE iresh earth it worked, on me so I couldn't stand it. _ As I was tfellin', I sometimes think I'd Like to hack there, and see the place once more* but seems as if I was afeerd. I don't believe in ghosts but on a dark night, I'd see my little Charley waving his light as he did that nicht wlion if life. -Detroit Free Tress. Ltjck.-The gifts that Iuok is supposed to ' shower, sensibly remarks an exchange, are always to ba found in possession of people who have strong arms, clear heads, or buBy fingers, and he who can combine all of these desirable qualities is among the luckiest of men. The man or woman who is always unluoky is the one who always is blundering, either stupidly or lazily. The best " luck " that can fall upon any impeounious young munis a determination to go to work, even if his only chance is to handle a shovel on a railroad tiaek, and the young woman who is sighing for a rich husband will strike lack when ehe makes tip her mind to use cxeioi&e; and fresh air.as cosmetioB, try & new cooking reoipe everyday, and read something sen* Bible in some of her spare m cm entB. Luok, aa usually worshipped, is the god of th& lazy and but little, if &sy;, in ore xeepeotable tbm Heronry, the god of thieves, 