Death of Horny Kondall. AMJ lovora of lltoruluro, m aro oapocinlly in tho realms of poetry, will rcgxob to hoar of tho doathof tho woll known Australian poot, Mr. Henry Claroneo Kondall, who expired on Tuesday ovcning at tho residence of läi Hmrchwwnrlttw^ Mr. Fagan, Bourke-street, Surry Hil's-the cause of death being consumption. Mr« Kondall bad long boon uiiing, and it waa seen by hid friondB for aomo timo past that ho waa gradually sinking, and munt soon soek Anal rest in that undis covered bourne from wheuoa no travellor returns. For years past his nemo has boen associated with th» foremost men of lottera in Australia, atauding^ at tho rory hop-d of thoso whoso particular inclination lei them to tho cultivation of tho art of poetry. Mr* Kondall waa undoubtedly tho poot lawroato of Australia, and his early deooaso ab tho ago of 4% leaves a void whioh win bo very hard indood to fi IL Like many other mon of genius (among whom may bo mentioned tho great Doniohy, with whom ho can t bo fairly associated in tho field of poesy and litera turo, being at tho hoad ot ono aa Doniohy was of tho other), ho was a man of singular impteaaiona and ¡ temporamont, and liko him found the world waa not ! always too kind to him. This led him into a vein of gloom whick was unrortnuatoly aooompaniod with ; that rooklosa disregard for kia health whioh no doubt had in tho long run muoh to do with tho undermining of his constitution. A twin brothor (tho othor having died some yoars ago), ho was born at Ulladulla, Now South Wales, in 1S42, and reooivod a private education during tho oarlior ycara of kia life. Whou only 18 years of ago^ j ho ooramoncod his caroev no a writor for tho Prosa, ! oontributingto tho oolumns of tho "Empiro" and tho " Horald" for about 10 yearn. In 1802, ho published j hia first complota work " Poema and Songs," but ha evidently thought littlo of it, as ho suppressed it three years hitor, considering it waa altogether too crudo to mako bini any reputation. During tho timo mentioned, ho also supplied tho TOWN" AN» OOUNTIMT JotrnNwr. with many contributions, both in pootry and pr oso. as well aa writing for tho "Froemau'a Journal" "and tho " Sydnoy Punch." In 18GÍ5, ho obtained an appointment m tho Landa Department, »nd waa af torwarda transferred to tho Colonial tioero tary'a ofiieo, whero ho romainod until 18G9. But tho trammola of tho desk woro too irksomo to him, and ho throw up tho appointment, and proceeded to Molbonrno, whero ho bocamo a con tributor to tho " Australasian " and other loading journals, including tho " Argus," tho "Telegraph," Punoh," tho " Colonial Monthly," and " Humbug and Touchstone." Among other good work done in Molbonrno was a prizo piora on an Australian aub jeot. Ho entered eagerly into tho competition and won tho prize, hia poem hoing considered by the judgos appointed far and away tho best. Later on, in conjunction with Charles Edward Horsley, ho composed tho cantata for the oponiug of tho Mel- ' bonroo Town Hull. From adverso circumstances, against which ho had to contend alono, thia poriod of his lifo, in which bia ono wcaknoss carno to tho front, to tho injury of hia hoalth and strength, ho quitted Molbourno and returned to this colony, and wont almoafc immediately to Brisbano Water, whero ho waa omployod until last year, when ho waa appointed inspector of forests, a situation which it waa gonorally thought ho would bo ablo to fill with officionoy, bia well-known lovo of tho woods, forosta, and silent placc3, in which ho had for years boon wont to commune with naturo, and in which ho hod gainod muoh practical oxporionoo, having thoroughly qnalifiod luna for tho propor carrying out of tho duties attached to tho offico. His hoalth, however, was undermined, and a few wooka ago it broko down com pletely. Ho lingorcd on until Tuesday evening, when when ho died aa above. That Mr. Kondall was a true poet no ono can dony. Kia vorsos had tho gobion ring and tho bright imagery so essential to tho complotonoss ol' this class of lite rature A lovor of hia nativo land, with perhaps one excoption('.dam Lindsay Gordon), thor» ia no writer whoso works havo treated so muoh of lifo rolnting to thia land. Living ofton apart in tho depths of tho foresta in his lone Australian homo, ho was conver sant, it need soarcoly bo said, with tho works of all tho English bards, and from thom ho accepted nothing. Ilia atylo waa puroly his own. Thoro waa a glow, a colour, and a richness about his works that havo raroly boon surpassed, and Kendall's carly death ia a losa to tho world of Australia which all muai dooply deplore. Hia bright goniua thus carly nippod in tho bud ahowa anobhor oxumploof misdirected char acter. His " Songa from tho Mountains " was a noble work.anditwoulddoubtloaahavobeonsurpasscdbutfor the roaaona montionod. Hia aeoond work " Loaves from Australian Foresta " waa a groat improvement on his first, and oach succooding book contained beauties still moro raro. Not only has his pootry roooived tho highest commendation in this country^ but English literary journals of tho highest class havo notiood it with great favour. Tho " London Athenaeum " apoko of Jua poonia at longth and in tho most glowing terms. Two of Iiis pooina-"Tho Song of tho Cattle Hunters," and "Tho Ghost Glen"-. wero published in extenso, and the critic said : If Mr. Kondall continuos ta exert bia faculty ns success* frilly na ho lias dono in those two pieces, England aa well aa Australia will Hadly roco^mso kia placo as a singer, lio has beth diñadTnntajjos anil advantages in hia distant» ephero, bud tho latter propondorato. Ho occupios virffia BoiL, atando in tho midst oí a tiooioty whoso characteristics havo novcr yob boon mirrored in sjng; while Enylish writers aro thxoTnn;r up their ponsi yo<irly becanso thoy can osaimilato nothing nsw. Let him so«k in tho great lifo around him thoso human forms of humour, pathos, and beauty which, tonomod by tho Riftod hand, cannot fuil to win tho hoirfc of tho publ.o; and let him uso his local eoloiiring, a precious trcssnro, to illustrate truths whioh aro universal. It ia imposaiblo, of oourso, to Bay how ho will Bncoood in tho profoundor labour of dramatic insiyrhti such faculty aa ho shows ia tho poona boforo n3 boinç dte« tincüvoly-a lyrical faoultyj but tliat ho has gifts thero can bo no question ; amd his communication to us ia so modest and so Bonsibls tihat wo oro assured he will pub thoso gifts to tba boab uso, Illaro his imitativo oiTorta behind, and otriko oak in the path which ho ia most suited to explore. Mr. W. B. Dalley, in writing of Mr. Kendall's last work, folly ondoraoa thia opinion, and speaks most liighly of tho oroatioa. of that brain whioh now boa still in death. Tho work ot hia later years shows traces of tho sorrowa of lita lifo, and ia tingod with tho gloom whioh waa in part tho naturo of the man ; while a part waa doubfcloaa brought about by hi8 own woakneaa of oharaotor. It waa only in tho dedioation to his laab collootkra of poems that ho wroto tho fol lowing words, which aro tho oio3ing crios of a lifo that soomod ready to give np ita strugglo with tba world and ita own inhoronfc gloom i " Thoso aro tho broken words Of blind occasions whon tho world has coma Botwoon mo and my droam. No song ia hero i Of mighty oompasB ; for my singing robes ! I'vo worn in stolen momonta. All my days Havo boon tho days of a laborioua Uto j And over on my struggling soul haa burnoA Tho fiorco boat of thia hurried aphore." Tho funeral of tho doooasod poet took place at tbs Waverloy Oomotory on Thursday aftornoon. Tho coringa loft Mr. William Pagan's houso, Bourke stroofc, Surry Hill«, about 3 o'olook. Tho rolatívo» and a largo number of tho friends of tho. dooeasel attended. Tho Dopartmont of Minea was ro pro sonto J by tho TJnder-secrotary for Works and Mr. -. iiïorost Iiangor Meredith Meredith. 