THE INSURANCE CONSPIRACY CASE. One of the most extraordinary cases that ever in any country came before a Court of Justice was concluded late last night by a verdict of guilty. It was a charge against Barker, Hicks, Forsyth, and Dr. Horton of conspiring to defraud the Australian Mutual Provident Society by insuring the life of David Weatherhead as a good life when in fact he was in a moribund condition. Barker and Hicks were insurance brokers and canvassers for insurance, and when the fraud was discovered they were the fret and, for some time, the only persons who fell under suspicion. At the Police Court they were originally the only persons charged, but the policy having come by assignment into the hands of Forsyth, he was put into the witness-box by the prosecuting counsel, and as the result of examination was added to the other defendants. So the life 1 raving been reported upon favourably by Dr. Horton, he was a natural witness for the prosecution; but having deposed to liis report upon Weatherhead as a sound man, -when, in fact, he was a hopeless consumptive, and having negatived personation by averring himself to have been a percipient witness of a signature proved to have been that of the consumptive Weatherhead, Dr. Horton, like Forsyth, found his way from the witness-box to the dock. All this was unusual, but not illegal, and not necessarily unfair. The defendants were all four committed for trial, and all four admitted to bail. Forsyth, being possessed of ample means, escaped, probably without much injury to those who were responsible for him; Hicks was accepted as a witness for the Crown i Barker, perhaps hearing of this, at the last moment disguised himself and left, but was brought back again; while Dr. Horton, from first to last, never attempted to shift his ground. Forsyth having disappeared, and Hicks, who was accepted as a witness for the Crown, having a verdict of " not guilty" recorded against him, the only defendants brought to trial were Barker and Dr. Horton. The readers of tlie papers, as well as the large audience which daily crowded the Court, are pretty familiar with the leading facts. Some of the Insurance Societies had long been urging their claims to public patronage in a manner which would be beneath the dignity of a retail tradesman and dangerous of imitation by a boy who sells newspapers in the street. Vying with one another for the somewhat limited and precarious harvest to be reaped among a sparse population, tliey had stimulated theircanvassers to the utmost, and Barker, emulating Richardson's booth, was allowed to ha>ye a tent at the Exhibition, with "Life Assurance" outside and wbisVy and a dcct?r within, We may perhaps credit Hicks with a lucid interval of veracity when he states that it occurred to liim that " this gambling in lives might be turned to the account of himself and Barker. Whether or not, Barker, as Hicks states, immediately accepted the suggestion, and pointed out Dr. Horton as the practitioner who would " do the needful,'"' and Weatherhead as the corpus rile on which the first experiment was to be made, it is certain that Weatherhead's life was assured, though he was marked for a speedy death by consuuip tion; and the Juiy have come to the conclusion that Dr. Horton passed it as the life of a sound man, and that he did so in collusion with the rest of the defendants, and with a view of sharing their profits. At all events we find Barker and Forsyth accommodating the doctor with money, and afterwards opening a joint qccount between themselves. We find Barker, the confidential and trusted agent of the Australian Mutual Provident Society, who had himself signed the " friends' report," speaking in the highest terms of Weatherhead's health and longevity, brought immediately afterwards to the fullest knowledge that he was little else than a living ghost, and nursing him during the expiring flicker of life with the money advanced to Weatherhead himself by Forsyth in his capacity of capitalist. We find Barker—whose plain duty it was if he had acted honestly before to have informed the Society at this stage of all the facts—taking a cottage at Brighton to receive the living ghost in which the partnership first speculated, and Hicks—who wished to matriculate and study medicine — accepting the duty of companion to the sick man, accompanied, as it was, by free lodgings in contiguity to Mr. Caterer's school, which served as a Gradus ad Parnassum to this ambitions student. Barker then takes Weatherhead to Melbourne, but, though the voyage was fine, scarce expected him to land. Deserting Mr. Caterer's school, Hicks again follows as nurse, and he and Barker take the poor man on board the Drumlanrigg to "ship" him to England, in pretended response to one of those home longings which escape from dying lips, but really with the full conviction that the man would reach his "long home" long before the anchor was let go on English shores. Indeed, the very death that he was to die was prophetically arranged, if we may believe Hicks, by means of a douceur to the captain—as to which we shall be curious to know what that captain will say. Barker next returns to Adelaide, and from then until the final scene Hicks from time to time telegraphs mysterious information to his colleagues, and receives from them equally mysterious cautions and instructions, all having evident reference to the speculation on hand. The last scene at length came Weatherhead, with ice in each hand and in his mouth, grinned his parting recognition to Hicks, whom he hated and despised as thoroughly as he seems to have liked Barker; a convenient certificate was obtained from a pliable physician, attributing the death to a three months' phthisis; £23 was spent upon a decent funeral; Mr. Littlewood, the landlord earned his ten shillings by following the " dear defunctthe telegraph went to work again, and notice of the death was given to the Society on the part of Forsyth as assignee of the policy. De mortuis nil nisi bouum is a maxim honestly applicable to the only actor who is prevented by death from coming forward at the close of this disgusting drama. Though he lied about himself in his application for his policy, and knew that he was doing it for a fraud, there are few men who would not prefer the reputation of Weatherhead, true to his falsehood to the last, and grinning his farewell with the ice between his teeth, rather than the evil fame of the treacherous and contemptible coward who even boasts that he offered to the Crown, as the price of his liberty, falsehoods which were to be the destruction of one of his co-defendants. And when, having trafficked with the Crown for his liberty, he was proved equally ready to traffic with his fellows for his escape in consideration- of a written confession of his intended perjury, he must be credited with having achieved a repute as infamous as ever was attained by one removed from the dock to the witness - box. Nothing was more unwise than for the Crown to put forward such a witness—nothing, if we are to judge by his contemptuous references to the man, could have been more unpalatable to tlio Crown Solicitor than tlie decision to call him; and the Jury will have been grossly unjust if they have allowed his testimony to weigh even as a feather in the scale against the defendants. The counsel for the defence recognised fully that to have the evidence of such a person brought against their clients would be a strong point in their favour, and nothing could have been more unwarrantable than the attempt of the prosecution to connect them with the man's proposed escape. In spite of the crucial blunder of relying in any way upon one from whom the Arch Traitor might have learned lessons in baseness, the prosecution was conducted from first to last with intelligence and marked ability; but we wish, in the interests of criminal justice in general, that this initial error had been the only one. We refer especially to that frequent stickling for the exclusion of evidence for the defence which would have been very proper in a civil trial, as, for instance, in an action on a policy of assurance, but wears the appearance of harshness when employed to defeat a criminal defence It is the true attitude of a Crown prosecutor to welcome all evidence which sheds light upon the case for whichever side it makes, and not ot hamper the elucidation of facts by insisting on the remoter rules of the law of evidence, in itself sufficiently embarrassing. Happily the trial took place before a learned gentleman who was evidently determined from the outset on the fair and constitutional discharge of a difficult duty. We could have wished that His Honor had seen his way clear to keep out a good deal of the evidence that was given, and to restrain rather than countenance uncalled - for remarks imputing to colonists pre- eminence in profanity ; but his patience and skill in presiding at the trial cannot be too highly spoken of. We have Jio doubt that the Jury were enabled to see quite sufficient evidence of guilt, after rejecting the testimony of Hicks, to guide them to the conclusion at which they have arrived.. But there was one act of unfairness which we feel it necessary to point out, though we forbear from indicating its authors. Barker's counsel had n<;\\.-i . relied his mouth to set forth his client s oasc until late at night on the List Jny . f th-J^ trial. The prosecution had opened at ioji- th, Dr. Horton's counsel had opened, called witnesses, and summed up, and the prosecution had followed by a reply of six hoars, which is worthy to be ranked among the best examples of forensic oratoiy of which the records of a colonial Court can boast. For the counsel for Barker to be called upon late at night, after a fatiguing and anxious day, to make —as though he were a piece of iron mechanism—his first and only speech in favour of the defendant who was most implicated, and to a Jury who were then least able to attend to it, was an act of very great harshness, and might have turned out to be an act of injustice. We trust it will not be repeated in this colony. So far as the convicted persons are concerned, we forbear, because of similar trials which are likely to be brought on, from making any com- ment on the verdict of last night beyond saying that it will take few people by surprise. But so far as the evidence given has thrown light on the conduct of the Insurance Societies, it is fair food for comment. They will do well in future to employ a different sort of agent from men of the Hicks type, for there is no natural connection between life insurance and unblushing rascality ; and what is more important, when they have found respectable canvassers it will be as well not to so unduly stimulate their zeal in catching business as to induce them to regard as idle forms the friends' letters and the other mechanical and moral safeguards by which the solvency of the Society 'are protected. This much, at least, is due to the public, who have every wish to encourage a respectable system of assurance for the sake of its economical and moral benefits. 