THE STORY OF A LIFE. CHAPTER XXXII. A QUIET LIFE My father died worth twenty thousand pounds, end 1 was heir-at law, even if he did not, as he did, will his property to me. Five thousand pounds went to pay for Barbara Wilton's speculation and my folly, and I vowed not to touch the remaining fifteen until my labours and the interest had made up the total sum again. My wife encouraged me in this resolve, and many times during the six years which elapsed before I succeeded in carrying out my vow, her wise counsels and self-denial prevented me from breaking down; but I laboured on successfully, purchased the Lindford Herald, and wrote for my very life, not only for that pa per, but for others; more particular ly I wrote for that famous one which in the dark days had encouraged me by a cheque in advance for my first novel. My boobs were fairly successful; but there was far more certainty about that income from invested capital than thero was about the money I earned in the hard and thorny paths of literature. I question if I could have continued to make a good income out of my pen had I been compelled to go on writing for a living. In later years .after I had painted for six months in the studio of one of our most eminent landscape-painters I earned money by my pictures; In eight years at Broomfield-road we bad four children. That first one which we lost; a year after wards Bessie; two years after that Tom ; and in the sixth year of our marriage Cissy "was born. Ennny Wilton was a constant visitor and a .source of great comfort to Esther, who frequently invited her to come "'and live with us, but always with out avail. I think Emmy's pride brooded over those magnificent ar rangements which she had talked of in the past, and because all her own castles had come to the ground she could not bring herself to have .apartments in one of ours. She remained for many years in charge of Dr. Sharpe's family, and con tinued to hold herself spiritedly aloof from Miss Priseilla, who final ly retired from her school-keeping on a small income, never having favoured us with a call, though she did condescend to write me a very impertinent letter on my marriage, thanking me for introducing clan destine marriages into the Wilton family. Mrs. Nixon left the coun try to join a real or imaginary hus band abtoad, and my wife made an arrangement by slightly increasing the small income accruing from bis own property whereby Old Mitch ing got a quiet home in the house of a widow's family. When we left Lindford he was as happy as his wandering wits would permit; and one day be assured me be had seen Mrs. Mitching, and she was really coming home " very soon—very soon." We left Liudford in the ninth year of our marriage and selected Hallow for our residence in this way:—The Herald had become a flourishing and powerful provincial organ and a good property. My literary engagements in London had largely increased, and I had sundry lair commissions for pictures, al though I had up to that time been rejected for three years running at the academy. I had resolved to take a partner in the Herald, give him full control of the property, re linquish some of my more pressing work in town, and find some pleas ant country house for quiet work and dignified repose. I had to meet the gentleman who was anxious to give mo four thousand pounds and take half a share in the Herald at Gloucester, where he had fallen ill on his u ay to Lindford; and the time being summer, I thought the journey should be a pleasant blend ing of business ,and pleasure, so I sent a couple of horses and a small open carriage, which I had kept only during that year, to Birming ham by train, and determined to drive through Warwickshire, Wor cestershire, and Gloucestershire. It proved a delightful tour, and I made a few useful studies by the way. One day we stopped'at[Hal low, and there saw the pretty old manor house vacant and wanting a tenant. We all fell in love with it, including "ess, who was old enough and good enough to accompany us on our journey; and eventually I took it on a repairing lease for twenty years, with the right to purchase at a given sum within the term. Two years after our removal to Hallow my second book appeared, and the most successful book that 1 liad yet published, More Worlds than One, a work somewhat of the AJridgewater Treatise class, though ' f ar below tbat standard, came out Miree months afterwards. In the next year the wise men of the academy accepted two iittt of six pictures, and that was the lrtjight of my ambition. I remember jivhot a happy day it was when Esther ac companied me to the private view and we stood before those two works by Christopher Kenrick, one of them that very " leafy lane in June "through which wc walked from church on our wedding-day ; and I also can never forget what a miserable night it was afterwards. Does the patient reader remember; that the face of a man who put hisi coat over the cab-wheel to protect my wife's dress when wo went to Drury Lane during our honeymoon struck me as strangely familiar 1 I often think that was one of those unexplainableforecasts of thefuture ■which " thrust us from our stools and make us think more seriously with Hamlet about the other things of heaven and earth which philoso phy dreams not of. It could not have been the man who years after wards, and on this very night of the private view, stood by out" carriage (it was my own carriage then), shielded the wet wheel with his coat- sleeves, lifted out little Bess and Torn, and then looked up at me and showed me (the Lord have mercy on him!) the face of Tom Folgate. My wife did not notice him. I hurried her and the children 011 be fore me; and just as they were in the vestibule under charge of my servant, I ran back, caught the out cast by the arm, and said'Tom Folgate!' He looked at me vaguely for a moment, and then, with a cry of horror, as if he had seen a ghost, he rushed away. 'Police!' I cried; 'seize that man. An officer did so. ■ On what charge,' he said. • On no charge, I wish to speak with him.' ' If the gentleman has no charge to make,'said the. offirer— ' I have none,' I said ; ' but I am very anxious to speak with him, and he wishes to avoid me.' 'Don't holler police under them circumstances again, sir,' said the officer. • I will -lot,' I said, tipping him half-a-crown. ' Under them other circumstances holler as long as you like, and as often,' he said, and we parted. ' Tom,' I said,' in heaven's name, can I do anything for you V 'No; nobody can do anything. 1 like to be what I am, to do what I am doing—it is my punishment,' he said. ' Can I do anything for her ?' I said, significantly. ' For whom ?' ' For that woman—for Mrs. M itching V ' If you like to go over to America have ber body dug up, embalm it, and bring it over here to be buried with the old man, you can do that,' he said. ' Dead.!' 'Died of drink in a lodging-house." 1 Poor woman !" I said. And the tears came fast and thick into my eyes when I remembered what she was when I know her at Liudford. ' Aye, poor woman ! I pitied her; hut I pitied that old man at Lind ford much more when 1 stood by his grave a month ago. I know what a brute I am, and I shall live to know it—live to be old and grey, and still Jive and know and feel that I am a sort of a walking hell, There, let me go; I'm glad I've seen you, and seen you prosperous.. You are the only human being I ever loved.' ' Don't go, don't Tom,' I said de taining him, as he strove to leave me. ' I must,' he said, pulling away from me roughly. ' By the Lord you shall not!' I said, seizing his collar and pinning him up against one of the piazzas. ' Damme, you're strong,' he said. { ' Well, what do you want ?' • To help you.' ' How ?' ' To give you money, and a chance of reformation.' ' Reformation ! Bosh !' [To be Continued] Floriline !—For the Teeth and Breath. A few drops of liquid Flori line sprinkled on a tooth-brush produce a pleasant lather, which thoroughly cleanses the teeth from all parasites or impurities, hardens the gums, pre vents tartar, stops decay, gives to the teeth a particular pearly whiteness and a delightful fragrance to the breath. It removes all unpleasant odour arising from decayed teeth or tobacco smoke. ' The Fragrant Floriline,' being com posed in part of honey and sweet herbs is delicious to the tasto and the greatest toilet discovery of the age. Price 2s 6d, of all Chemists and Per fumers. "Wholesale depot removed to 33, Farringdon Road, London. 