Killin' Kiev. bit. Ditxxk. Ilev. Fathers und 1 hvthreu of t iie ial t\\*.— Your addresses so warm ami so tamest, come to me at a very opportune moment. The rer-namy of to-day, under whatever sSep'-ct viewed, is one calculated to liil me with eaa'.ee anxiety, to use no stronger ex pression. It means the readiny; anil areept iny a n amnission from the earthly vie, ye rent (if Christ to take eliurye of the portion of mir blaster's Hock in these distant pastures. The country is new, the Supremo Head is far away, the work to he done is vast in measure and importance. It is true the Holy Ghost says. Ailj'iml rrrinnlc-f, ij.-ii verhnneu uuli.nt, ami lie whose Vicar lias placed the eh area; on my shoulders, promises, 7T;e roh'mrnnh Sinn vsrjur oil coiovi nimuliomou, unci'all. lint, .!Uvduen, 1 frankly own that the cheery welcome "!' your addresses, the gemwoiis and unreserved promises of add and devotedness they tender, ami the warmth with which they seem to catch me to yourselves, cmiiiny as they do on thC dnv oi my colweerntion, briny to me still farther strength for the present and yreut iiope for tire future, t lurmis ,-don—1 speak tor yen as well as mvself—is to kindle, and Keep alive where already kindled, m men's hearts a sense of their responsibility as Christians — their duties to themselves, their families, and their Maker. To make their lives a yreaf worship of God in this world and a preparation to a far more perfe-t and lucre blessed worship of Mini in the next. To keep before the present generation, and each new one as it eoiues, that there is a God of whose earim, a.id ear111’s-b1 on,nlys we are simply stewards, and that aunt-distant day of sett liny certainly awaits all. To furnish faith fully to each, as far as in ns lies, the means of deh Chri.-ti; an abundance—virli charm'd in its m-ry leaveil of reiimion, die Word of Cod', the ex, the briylit hopes of Fathers, is set before Him who planuses ti yi veil in 11 is name sir irt ie d Mention he wood i in ilv \\\ ; l.y alter without it d. In the work and in the reward von, Urol hren of the laity, vmi t of Catholic house! mid. listers " of the iiltle oi will he ample sharers, prospeel is hriyht for a he liyhtened hy our e::i cn-workiny. You allied a In feeliiiy | you do othorwi Mis memory will be to i I mothers von brothers and s'" of Chri-d's fold, riima Hretlir'U). the i to yoursi of d,,e voted Hess lited eadd and ■nt. And his comm will tie. 1 trust, a e aai of Christ's ('hureh in ! 1 thank yon then. Hr the depth of my laair more than loyalty whu vey. 1 thank yon for my heart at this presen even now in anlieipati work In which those cheery words, mid Hiaiyiny that. C mind, helniny on ■ iumtlier. united in desus Christ,” in ■thren, of ns all bni'diny amain, and from the promises of r addreems eon Hiram- you yive and 1 thank you the future you.I promises, those realised into yond fruit, may keep us •• of one other and eomfm tiny one ■ one hot in of < )iir herd n for I am. Uivf.luvn, Vi nil's f;si! ill'll !iy ill ('hrisi. ■f- l!< 'i>>Ki;r[1. ilishii[> of 11ri>l>;iiii. 