PLATING THE WRONG CABD. IS FOUR CHAPTERS. — OELAPTER I. At a distance of sixty odd miles from London, stands Fteldenham, a small town of some three or four thonssDd inhabit ants, and consisting, as do many sncb places, of one long street, with branches leading in the direction nf Mm eannno 1 neighbouring villages, to" which it stands in the relation of metropolis. - It is as peaceful and quiet, as dull and monoton- ous, as any small country-town need be ; go that the stray visitor from London is wont to exclaim against the stagnation of the place, and to wonder what its inhabitants can find to interest them sufficiently to keep them alive, or at any rate awake. In this manner do those who dwell in the great centres of population speak of petty towns and villages, forgetting that the drama of life has just as much engrossing interest for each of its actors when played on the tiniest stage in the world, as when it has the Metropolis itself for its theatre. A little way from the town— 'a quarter of a mile, perhaps, from the hostel which marked the end of its High Street — stood a house known as the Elms Knoll, or more frequently < The Knoll' only; and here dwelt Mr. Maurice Hythe. This gentleman was highly valued by the townsfolk on account of bis prompt- ness in payment, and absence of cavilling at whatever prices were charged ; yet they regretted that he was of such secluded habits as seldom or never to be fipen in the town. Moreover, no guests ever came to the Knoll, not were those who called out of courtesy, encouraged to repeat the ceremony. Mr. Hythe was an invalid, which partly accounted for his recluse habits j but" he was, besides, a man of silent, almost morose manners, and wherever he was, the place was the gloomier for his presence. This was the testimony of his servants, who were likely to be right in such a matter. He had neither wife nor children ; it was nnApfd/1 tli. I- L. ; a i A. aib wan a widower ; uut even bis servants did not profess to know with certainty. He had perhaps cboBen bis residence from bis hermit-like tastes, tor it lay a long way back from the road, and the demesne was fenced and screened on all sides by lofty hedges and tall trees —a screen which became denser year by year, as the owner would not allow the hedges to be trimmed, and eo the grounds grew to have a wild, lonely aspect. When Mr. Hythe had been at the Elms Knoll some four years, another strange family came to reside near Field- enham, in itself an uncommon event ; but what made it more singular in this case was, that the new-comers bore the same name as the proprietor of the Knoll, and then it was found ont that the head of the new family — Mr. Ignat ius Hythe — was a brother of the elder resident This was gratifying news to Fieldenham ; for the new-comer was not only married, with five or six children, the eldest, indeed, being a young man of nineteen or twenty years, but he was a broad-faced, loud-speaking, bustling man ; had been a surgeon in the army ; was altogether different from Mr. Manrice, and therefore likely, it was hoped, to effect a great change and improvement in the domestic economy of the Knoll. Time passed, however, and this improve ment was not visible. Those who were on the alert to note what was going on in the neighbourhood — and these com prised, it is probable, every living soul in it from seven years of age upwards — reported that while Mr. Ignatius Hythe was a frequent visitor at Elms Knoll, he was never accompanied by his wife or any of his children ; nor did his brother ever return the visit. Tims far it was easy to see ; but beyond this no explanation was obtainable so the habits and peeoliar- ties of Mr. Manrice Hythe continned to be a tantalising problem to the townB- folk. It was on an evening in midsummer, when one of the long beautiful June days was declining, that the brothers were walking at the back of the Knoll Honee, pacing to and fro in a small meadow, which, from its position and the closeness of its ' hedgerow elms,' formed the most retired spot of the demesne, and there fore, the favourite retreat of the owner. It was so silent and gloomy indeed, as to be depreBsing for a man of Mr. Igaatus Hythe's temperament, and of his own free will he would never have eongbt such a promenade. He said something of this to bis brother, by way of breaking a long silence. Maurice turned his thin sunken face towards him, and with a gmile which was almost mora bitter than it was sad, said : 4 You have not gone through the discipline, Ignatius, which has been my lot.' ' Discipline 1' began the other j but evidently altering a speech which was intended to be sarcastic, continued : 'But I was thinking, Manrice, that there was a time wben yon were the more hearty and lively of the two; and now.' ' A nd now I am a gloomy misanthrope —perhaps a madman, you would say, interposed Maurice. ' Bat what I am, I have made myself ; what I suffer, I have brought on myself — as yon know.' I know that yon brood too much on the past,' returned his brother. Why don't you let bygones be bygones ? Ton can't recall the past.' ' No P exclaimed Maurice ; I cannot; or my grief would not be bo bitter. I have had the vision again, Ignatius ; that is twice. On its third coming, it will be my death-warning. 1 have seen my solicitor, and all is settled, as I have told you.' Ignatius smoked his cigar in silence, and there was an increased depression about him, which implied that thiB announcement was not altogether to his tastea His brother, too, walked silently on, but there was nothing unusual in this. It is of no use my urging you to go among people again,' said Ignatius at lar.t. ' 1" would stake my life that a mouth of cheerful, rational society would get rid of all this hypochondriacal del usion. It is nothing more. However, I will uot press the matter ; I know what you are. Ton will not even see the doctor I recommended, I suppose f c No, no, replied Maurice. 1 If he saw my wasted and broken figure, be would try all the commonplaces of his art upon me, and perhaps, when he beard me speak, would suggest still greater seclusion, or even restraint. His remedy would not be youre— the mixing with cheerful society. My present mode of living may seem to you a kind of pen ance ; but penance is now ail that I ought to live for, Ignatius had probftbiy anticipated some such ending to the discussion ; for he made no attempt to prolong it; bnt spoke on different subjects, and ere long took his departure. The cheerfulness and bonhomie which bad marked his manner during almost the whole of his interview with his brother, disappeared when he found himself outBide the Knoll gates ; and during the walk to bis own residence, the expression of his face was as sombre as bis brother's in his gloomiest mood. His home was at a smart modern villa, much smaller, mnch brighter-looking than the Knoll, and commanding from its windows all the gaiety which the high-road could afford ; for there, no overgrown hedges or shadowing trees intercepted the view. Mrs. Hythe, a lady of middle age, was seated at work in a parlour commanding the aforesaid road ; and to her the gentleman at once re paired. ' Well,' he began at once, ' I have had it ont with him.' ' Indeed !' exclaimed his wife. ' And what does he say I Does he ' Oh ! there is nothing fresb,' returned Mr. Hythe. 'The only satisfaction I have gained ib to know that all is settled against us. / call it against as ; of course he does not.' ' What 1 all that nonsense about trustees and so on ¥ inquired the lady. ' Exactly,' said her husband. ' It is all settled now ; the lawyers have done everything. His property will remain in the hands of trustees for twenty years — all except that paltry sum in the funds ; then, if no one appears in that time it will go half to us or our heirs, and half to that precious hospital.' 'Twenty years !' echoed hia wife. 'What good will it be to as in twenty years' ' Not a fraction,' said Hythe ; ' and there will be no raiting money upon it ; for although there may be a possibility of these shadows and dreams turning to realities, yet who would lend money on such a remote contingency t' He is mad ; be onght to be put in an asylum !' exclaimed Mrs Hythe angrily. ' Of course be onght, assented her husband ; 'and I can't think where the common-sense of his doctor has been — to say nothing of his conscience and the doty he owes to society — that he has not had him declared ont of his mind, and pat where he woald be taken care of, long ago.' Mr. Hytbe's tqne and air as he Baid this were sufficiently decided to show that hie conscience at anyrate would certainly have counselled the 'taking care ' of his brother after this fashion. He could not bear to 8it quietly down under the disturbing influence of these thoughts, but annonnced his determina tion of taking a stroll into the town ; and in pursuance of this resolve, set out, after a few ruinates' farther conversation with his wife. Myrtle Villa, the name of Mr. Ignatius Hytbe's residence, was not farther from the town than was Elms Knoll ; the Knoll facing a cross-road, while the Villa, as iutimated, looked upon the great London highway ; so that Mr. Hythe was not long in reaching the entrace to Fieldenham. Although the sun had disappeared, the light ont in the open country was still clear ; bnt in the town, under the shade of the buildings in the long High Street; the dullness of twilight prevailed, and in nearly aU the shops the gaslights were burning. Some idea of business was possibly attached to this evening stroll, for he knocked at one of thesmartest yet most substantial honses in tbe street, the door of which bore a large brass plate, on which was inscribed ' Bract and Mardle, Solicitors.' In answer to bis inquiry, however, it appeared that Mr. Mardle was not within. ' It does not greatly matter,' muttered Hythe, as he turned away ; ' he conld not have helped me ; nor conld he have told me anything I do not know.' He was so absorbed in his reflections, that he was rather surprised to find him self standing opposite to the King's Arms Hotel and Postinghouse — its old title, which had descended from a past genera tion, bnt was now, as regarded the Postiiig-honBe, little better than a myth and a fable. In addition to this, the establishment held tbe Assembly Booms also ; and Mr. Hytbe had unconsciously halted in front of two large bills, whicb, affixed to boards that leaned on each side of the doorway, annonnced that some performance wonld be held there that evening. He found that Professor Alberto Regaldini, assisted by Mademois elle Ladle la Petite Tuscan o — he smiled as he read these incongruous names — wonld give his refined entertainment from the Royal Scientific Gallery, London, and as performed with triumphant suc cess in all the chief cities and towns of the British Empire ; introducing, tbe bill went On to say, the celebrated Mon ologue, in which Professor Regaldini would sustain six separate characters, with appropriate songs : and concluding with a grand ballet, supported by the before-mentioned Mademoiselle Lncile and Professor Alberto. There was a great deal of this ; tbe changes were rung on the names in every possible way ; but it was clear enough that there was no other performers, unless we reckon the celebrated pianist Heir von Joinville aa one of the Company. Beyond these three at anyrate; no other names appeared. Moved by a sudden impulse; whicb to judge from the cynical amile accom panying it, was hardly complimentary to the expected entertainment; Hytbe entered the portal. He went along the silent and empty lobby until he reached what was evidently the pay-place ; but no one sat at the receipt of custom, till, while he hesitated what to do, a young man appeared from the adjoining bar, evidently attracted by tbe sonnd of foot steps; so Mr. Hythe jndged from ob serving that be passed the back of his hand quickly over his lips, on seeing the stranger. I will take a ticket for this entertainment,' said Hythe. ' It has commenced, I presume' ' Just this minit, sir,' said tbe yonng man. He knew it -had been in action for half an hoar, bat; as he afterwards observed to his friend, " he wasn't going to crab tbe business.' ' Reserved — BtallB — or area, sir I Reserved is two shillings — stalls, one shilling — area, sixpence, sir. No half-price.' ' If there is room in the reserved, 1 will take one of . them,' said Hytbe. ' O yes, sir ; you will find room there. — Thank ye, sir,' continued the young man, as be handed a yellow ticket marked 503, whicb, from its worn and limp coudition, hadevideutly done duty many a night before, Mr. Hythe passed through the green baize-covered door, and found himself in the Assembly Room. It was a large dull-looking place, with walls divided into old-fashioued panellings ; a number of Windsor chairs and forms ; a raised platform at tbe fnrther end. The room would have seated between three and four hundred persons comfortably, and there were some seventeen or eighteen present. No one at all in the reserved seats ; the hotel proprietor's children in the stalls ; townspeople in the area. Professor Regaldini was bowing and leaving the stage as Mr. Hythe entered ; having juet conc'uded bis Mysterious before the Court and Aristocracy — for the Professor was a conjurer also — and then the pianist struck np the entr'acte mnsic. Hythe was able to tell that the haggard-looking man at the pianoforte was no common player ; and he listened, with more interest than he had anticipated, to a piece which muBt have been caviare to the multitude. Then Professor Regaldini came on for hie celebrated Monologue Impersonations, and was in succession a Yorkshire farmer, a bonnie fish-wife, a swell of tbe period, a Highlander, Paddy from Cork, and Mr. Pickwick, spectacles and all. No donbt it was all verv clever, bnt drearv : so horribly dreary, and so suggestive of something seen a hundred times before, that the scanty audience could not be roused to enthusiasm by the performance. Then came dnets in character and ont of character, by Mademoiselle Lqpile and the Professor ; and then the Grand Ballet, which wonld have been more miserable and depressing than anything that bad gone before it, bnt for tbe wonderful grace and beanty of tbe child. She was only some twelve years old. The feeble, awkward dancing of her toilworn coad jutor ; the wretched attempts at scenery or decoration ; the empty room, with its hollow echoes — all were forgotten, or rendered of no account, by tbe extra ordinary accomplishments of the girl, and Hythe found himself watching the dance with interest to the last. He wonld have remained to the last, had this per formance been even more tedious than all which had preceded it, aa an idea had formed and developed in his mind, while watching the earlier portion of the ' entertainment.' The scanty andience filtered Blowly from the hall ; the gas was turned down ; the 'Company' — which, all told, con sisted of the two performers, the musician, and the young man who had taken Mr. Hythe's money — began folding up ' pro perties ' and clearing off their miserable bits of scenery, Ac. All this time Mr. Hythe was standing in the darkest corner of the room, unnoticed, or perhaps supposed to be connected with the house; but when the last article had been put aside, and the little group stood in the centre of the platform, counting over the few shillings which evidently constituted tbe takings of the evening — while the proprietor of the hotel eyed them curiously from a tittle distance— all looked up with a start as Mr. Hytbe came forward ; and be thought the Beared expression on their faces indicated a dread that the stranger might be about to make some demand for money. ' The entertainment is over,' began Professor Regaldini — I beg yonr pardon,' he continued altering his tone ; I believe I saw you in the reserved seats 1' ' Yes,' replied Hythe ; 'I had the pleasure of seeing the entertainment this evening. I see it is announced for two nights only. Your stay in ihe town will not be longer I suppose V Yes, sir ; it is annonnced for two nights,' said the Professor in a lugubrious tone, and with a glance at tbe proprietor. 'But tbe patronage received does not justify us in repeating the show. We shall not give the entertainment again.' The Professor was a tall, hungry-looking man, narrow- chested and stooping, with out a trace of any nationality about him save the English, and London English too. A certain asthmatic shortness of breath, which made itself apparent every other minute, showed what a trial his work of that evening had involved. The other members of the Company were standing around, dejected enough, yet with a certain expectant cariosity, as though hoping something might come ont of this nnlooked-for discussion. ' Well, it is not to the credit of the town to neglect such a performance as yours,' continned Hythe ; ' and for our reputation, I think something onght to be done to support you. If you are not engaged, I would ask tbe pleasure of your company at sapper here, with, of coarse, Mademoiselle and Herr von Join ville. — Mr. Bartell ' — addressing the proprietor of the botel — ' yon can give ns a tolerable snpper at once, no doubt ' ' Ob, certainly, sir !' exclaimed the landlord, who was no stranger to Mr. Hythe; and knew by repute the wealth of his brother. ' In ten minutes, if yon please, sir.' ' Then let ns have the best you can pat on -in that time,' said Hythe. 'I leave all to you. Tour champagne I know already is good.1 A flush lit np the haggard faces of the two men at this mention of a wine which showed the character of the expected feast ; and being invited by tbe landlord to adjourn to tbe ' small club-room,' tbe party followed him at once, due pro vision being made for the regalement of the assistant elsewhere. On their way, the Professor stole an instant to whisper to the pianist : ' This is capital, isn't it ? Bnt I wonder what he means by it !' charter n. The host of tbe King's Arms was as good as his word ; in a very few minutes snpper was ready ; and, moreover, it was a snpper which did tbe Kings Arm's credit. The next day bring market-day was probably a reason for the larder being well stocked ; while the presence and gnarantee of Mr. Hythe of Myrtle Villa was certainly a reason for drawing upon tbe best of that larder's resources. John and William, the well known first and second waiters, were in attendance ; bnt on Mr. Hytbe expressing bis wish to that effect; they retired, and tbe party began sapping in earnest. As might be expected, there was but little conversation at first; what little there was being contributed by the founder of the feast, even his remarks sinking after a while to a very low key, and then chiefly addressed to the Profes sor. Civility of course demanded an assenting mono-syllable now and again ; but it was plain that the Professor's attention was mainly directed to his sup- per ; yet a change came over him anon ; he looked uu easily at the speaker, glanced meaningly at his companions ; then lay-, ing down hie knife and fork, he said, in as low a tone aa he had been addressed : ' If you will be good enongh to wait a few minntes, sir, until we get rid of the child, I tbink it will be better. I under stand yon pretty well.' Mr Hythe nodded assent ; and the Profeesor resumed hie meal, although with a more troubled aspect than before. His companions looked wonderingly on daring this whispered colloquy, without speaking, until presently the Professor said : ' Now, sir ; with yonr permission, I will give Mademoiselle Lncile one glass nf etixmmcnn ttim nail the baffgaee-man to take her to oar lodgings ; for, as yon will readily guess, we do not pat np at the King's Arms ; and I do not care abont her keeping very late bonrs.' ' If you prefer it, I will order her a room here,' said Hythe in an undertone. ' She will Barely be very dull in going to a strange houae by herself — will be ner- voub. ' Ob, she don't mind !' exclaimed Reg aldini with a smile, though there was sadness in it. ' In oar life, sir, children soon grow ont of tbe nervous fancies yon are thinking about. The real hardships of life kill tbe fanciful ones, and they get enongh of them, poor creatures !' So the attendant was summoned, and was directed to take the tittle child to Mrs. Blimmy's, Back Chnrch Row ; a very different address from the Market Place or High Street. When be had fairly gone, Hytbe desired the others to select their wine, light their cigars, and make themselves comfortable. ' And that yon may be more at ease, in a business point of view,' he continned, ' I will make np yonr losses of to-day, on yon giving me a fair statement ; as I have always been a sup porter of — of mnsic and drama, I suppose I mnst say.' ' Yon are very good, sir ; indeed I do not Know now to tnanK yon, said tne Professor ; ' for this most awfnl frost — I mean this -failure — has fairly broken us. How we should bave reached tbe next town, I don't know ; or how we should have opened when we got there, I don't know either.' 1 Have yon settled for the room ?' began Hytbe. The other interrupted him with a laugh. ' Settled ! I should think we had, sir,' he said, ' Yon don't tbink the landlord here wonld rnn any risk I wanted him to appoint some one to take the money, and so pay himself ; bnt he said that was not in his line. He knew tbe town ; 1 didn't. — But, sir, you were speaking of some business in which yon thought I conld serve yon. Now the child is gone, yon may speak out' ' Bnt — yon see it was private,' began Hythe. ' And so it will be now, I guarantee, interposed tbe Professor. ' I will answer for Charley — that's my friend — and so wonld yon, if you koew him. Besides, I fancy tbe bnsiness will be more in his line than my own, if I correctly caught yonr meaning.' Hythe hesitated a few seconds as though rather disconcerted at having to confide in two persons'instead of one; bnt shaking off this reluctance, began : ' See ing tbe ease with which yon assumed character after character, each so widely differing from the others, Mr. Regaldiui, and the wonderful manner in which you concealed yonr indentity, it occurred to me that you might, at little trouble to yonrself, do a great service to a near relative of my own, who is gradually sinking into fixed melancholy, if not insanity, by dwelling on a fixed idea — a delusion. Now, there wili not be the slightest risk to yourself, as you will see, and yon will be well paid for your kind ness ; I ought, perhaps, to say ' for yonr talent,' as I have no donbt yonr kindly feeling wonld prompt yon to serve an un fortunate gentleman disinterestedly. I have a brother, Mr. Regaldini' ' Excuse me, sir,' interrupted the Pro fessor ; 1 but now that we are coming into bnsiness, I should take it as a favonr if you wonld call me ' Styles' which is my name, the other being only profess ional.' Certainly, Mr. Styles,' assented Hytbe. ' And your friend 1' ' Well, he really is a foreigner,' said Styles ; ' bnt not with snch a name as we have given him. If yon call him Mr. Charles, that will do, and indeed that's what his name means. — Now, sir, we are at yonr service.' The musician had scarcely spoken a single word in Mr. Hythe's hearing, bnt had listened intently. ' My brother, gentlemen,' proceeded Mr, Hythe, ' labours under an increasing remorse for a wrong which he thinks he did many years ago; and despite of all argument to prove how unavailing this morbid regret and self-reproach now is, he gives way to it more and more. Nay, so com pletely has the feeling possessed him, that he will alienate his property from bis real family, or at any rate postpone their possession of it for many years, and even then they will only share it with some charitable institution. My children and I are the family I refer to, gentlemen. Yon see I treat you with perfect frank ness, as I am not a man to do things by halves ; and having arid this, yon will not wonder when I say it is worth my while to give a twenty-pound note, in addition to all expenses and losses, which latter I will settle at once, in order to get the business to which I allude done, and well done.' The attention of tbe listeners became keener after tbis sentence, and Mr. Styles involuntarily hitched bis cbair a little closer to tbe speaker, as though anxious not to lose a word. ' My brother' — Mr. Hythe hesitated a little here, as though he knew that this was the key stone of bis communi cation — ' my brother, early in life, while on his travels, was entangled, as many youug men before him have been, by a certain intimacy. He says now that he was married ; but that I believe to be a delosion. However, to adopt his own fancy, be was abroad with bis wife, and becoming ashamed, I suppose, of the connection, he — he left her ; left her with one child. He was nnder another name at the time ; there is no donbt of that ; but he heard of his father's death while he was abroad, and so was anxious to come home to take his property, and not anxious, as you may suppose, to briog home the half-bred foreigner — a Brazilian, or Bolivian, or something of that kind. So he left her. — Yon follow me so far' ' Yes, sir ; all right !' said Styles, ' Yes, sir ; there is no mistake abont what your brother did,' said the musician, speaking for the first time. He Bpoke with a strong foreign accent, which slightly distorted hia words, bnt he spoke readily enongh. ' Serve the foreign person right, for beiDg such a fool.' ' Ah 1 well, I won't say exactly that,' returned Hythe, speaking compassion ately on behalf of the foreigner. 'It was not handsome on bis part ; bnt there was great excuse for him. He left her all the money he could spare. Bnt after he came home; bis previous infatu ation returned, and acted upon him so strongly that he positively went back to where he had left her — New Orleans.' ' New Orleans !' echoed the musician. . ' I beg yonr pardon, sir, bat I follow yon with great interest.' So he probably did, for his thin, eager face was throat forward, and bis snnken eyes gleamed so brightly nnder the ragged hair which hang over his forehead and aronnd his bead, that Hythe felt almost uncomfor table when he encountered their glance. ' Bnt he conld not find her,' resumed Hythe ; 'yet he heard of ber, unfortunately. He heard a great deal of exaggeration, no doubt, about her despair at being left; but that would not have mattered eo much, only that' he beard also of her having been robbed by those around her, and left with her child almost penniless. She had gone away from New Orleans ; and' it was supposed she had tried to reach her friends — an attempt almost hopeless, as they were said to live five hnndred miles away ; where, my brother never exactly knew. Hie mind perhaps was a tittle affected by some irregularities and exciting adventures in which he had been a partaker. Whatever the cause, this incident preyed on him greatly. He returned to England, lived the life of a hermit, kept ont of society, and made no secret to me that he did not consider mmseit at iiDerty to many, naving a oeuei that his wife — asjhe called her — was still alive. We — I — well, hie family were naturally satisfied with this arrangement ; but a few years ago he had a dream— he talks of it as a vision, a revelation — in which he saw his wife and child.' — ' This child,' was a girl or a boy !' asked the musician. 'Agiri,' replied Hytbe. 'Well hethoughthesaw them, and they told him the child was still alive, and wonld live to see him. On the strength of this dream, he has altered his will to the detriment of his friends, as I have told you ; and as a delusion gets the stronger the longer it is indnlged in, yon will not be in the least surprised to hear that he had the dream again very recently indeed, and to the same effect. 'But how. do you wish us to help you V asked Mr. Styles, as the speaker paused. ' I think you said.' — ' I am coming to that now,' resumed Mr. Hythe ; ' but it was necessary to enter upon this rather lengthy preamble, that yon might understand precisely how things were. I want some one to per sonate a relative of this woman ; her brother indeed. I bave told yon she was a foreigner ; consequently her relatives were foreigners also ; and com ing as she did, from some precious Sonth American republic, or some such ont-of- the- way place, there is not likely to be any one in England who can say yon are, or are not her brother. I have by me a photograph of tbe yonng fellow. I had copies taken unknown to my brother, from one in his possession, as I thought it might come in handy some day. Now, making yourself up as much like thiB man as you can, allowing of course for the lapse of ten or a dozen years, yon wait upon Mr. Manrice Hythe, say you bave come over to England on other bnsiness, but called to deliver a message you bad held in charge for several years 'Pardon, sir,' interrupted the musi cian ; ' but yon bave told us that this gentleman was under another name, a name of assumption. If that is so, be will say, quite natural, how do you know where I live — how do yon know me at all !' ' Hum ! — yes ; that's true,' returned Hythe thoughtfully. ' I must think it over. But I fancy I see a way out of the difficulty ; so we will proceed. When you have introduced yourself you must speak to him of yonr. sister; say that when he left her, she sought refuge with an old lover to whom she was greatly attached, and telling him that she was left a widow, induced him to marry her ; that she lived with him Beveral years, nntil both she and her daughter both died of fever, or cholera, or some thing.' ' Very good, sir ; most good,' said the musician, as Hythe paused to pour ont a glass of trine. The idea is excellent- It will be easy to defame her character. Besides, being dead, and .only a fool ish girl when alive, why, it does not matter.' Hythe cast a doubtful look at the speaker, as though there was something in tbe mode of support which jarred npon him. \- 'This communication,' he continued, which I have no hesitation in saying — knowing my brother's character — will be implicitly received as authentic, will at once and for ever settle all this delirium about dreams and visions.' ' I have beard of aome such plan, when a man thought himself haunted by a ghost,' eaid Styles ; ' tbey got some one to represent tbe ghost, and' ' Ah ! this is not at all like that,' hastily interrupted Hythe. ' My brother does not believe bimself haunted, and you will not have to personate any one he has ever seen. You can come with me to my house to-night, Mr. Styles, and I will give yon the portrait of the man yon are to personate.' 'I can't do it, sir — I can't indeed,' said Styles ; 4 my nerves are gone, sir. What with continual ill-luck, and tive- aod-ihirty years of this life, and— I mast own — some hard drinking of late, I haven't the nerves for snch work. That's why I told you to take Charley into consultation. He is wonderfal good at. all disguises, and I don't believe he's afraid of anybody or anything in tbe world." ' Bat I was so struck by yonr clever ness to-uigbt,' nrged Hythe, ' that I thought you were just the man ; while Mr. Charles here, if that be his name, cannot hare had mnch ex perience.' ' Bless yon, sir !' returned Styles, with a melancholy smile, what you Saw me do is mere habit and knack. All the tricks are handed down from one show man to another ; there's not a spark of originality in the bnsiness. As for Charley's experience ! if he chooses to do it, sir, he can alter his face while he is sitting there, so that yon conld' hardly know him.— Couldn't yon, Charley t' In lien of answering in words, the musician bowed his head for a moment, ran bis hand hastily through the wild hair, altered his necktie, then suddenly lifting his face, thrust it forward towards Mr. Hythe, with so terrible a grin, and so terrible an expression in his eyes, that the gentleman half leaped from his chair with an exclamation of alarm. ' Aha !' cried Styles ; has he changed his expression, sir ' ' Changed hie expression !' echoed Mr. Hythe. ' I never was eo startled in my life. I would sooner have found myself face to face with a mad wolf or a tiger. — I do not know whether yon will take it as a compliment, Mr. Charles, bnt I assure you I never saw so hideous a face on human shoulders before. I don't want any farther proof of yonr power.' Styles laughed at tbis speech ; so did Charley ; bat whether the latter intended' the grin to be in keeping with his wolf ish aspect or not, it certainly made Hythe shudder again, and cast a second look, to 3SBnre bimself that the mnsician had not gone suddenly mad. ' Yon are satisfied then, sir r asked Styles. ' I can tell you there is not a man in the profession who could bave made such a change without paint or- dress, as Charley has done.' ' I should tbink not,' said Hythe, with emphasis ; 'I may almost say I hope not. I should have preferred yon, I must own; Mr. Styles ; but after what you have said, I have no choice except to take Mr. Charles. — It will be as well, sic' — ad dressing the musician — ' to come with me at once to my honee; which is only on the outskirts of the town, and I trill give yon the photograph.' ' We will both go,' struck in Styles ; a ncua. nut uu ujd ouu ajuviip to asleep by this time.' 'Then yonr daughter's name is really what you call it,' said Hythe, with a smile. ' I did not feel certain of that, as I most say you allow yonrself a good deal of latitude in your selection of names.' ' The public will have it, sir,' replied Styles, very seriously. ' If we were to keep to our own names, or were particular about conntries and property, and all that; we should not draw a penny. Bat Mademoiselle is not my daughter,; she is not related to me ; she is a rela tive of Charley's,' he continned, dropping his voice— the musician was putting- on hia coat at the farther end of the room. 'He does not like to talk abont her before strangers, yet he dotes npon her, thongh he don't show it, and wonld k31 anybody, or .himself, or her either, rather than she should come to any harm. He is a strange fellow, he' — The mnsician coming towards them at this moment, Mr. Styles abruptly checked himself, and after a brief conversation bearing npon the financial result of the entertainment, the three left the King's Arms in company. Yery little was spoken among them on the road to Myrtle Villa ; Hythe and 'Mr Charles' was evidently absorbed in reflection ; while Styles, who would poasibly bave beBn more loquacious if left to himself, was overawed by the silence of his companions, and conscious perhaps of having drank sufficient wine to render loquacity dangerous. The iumates of Myrtle Villa had retired ; but Mr. Hythe opened the fronl-door with his key, and took the others into what was apparently his own room. Here he unlocked a desk, and taking from it a packet of photo graphs, selected one which he threw towards Charles. 'You will find his name on the back of it," he eaid — ' Don Something. You of course pretended to be him. Do yon think you can " make up" anything in his style ¥ ' That he can !' exclaimed Styles, who was locking at the picture over the mnsician's shoulder ; ' he will do it to perfection, for he has jnst got the face for it. — Charley, my boy 1 if the part had een written for you, it conld not hare buited yon better.' ' There is one thing, Mr. Hythe, which we must not at all forget,' said ' the mnsician ; he was still looking at the portrait; and he spoke in so low a voice that, his head being bowed, he conld hardly be heard ; ' I cannot arrange ; without knowing this gentleman's other name. How can I go and see Mr. Hythe, wben yon tell me he travelled as Mr. Somebody-else ? Yon said you wonld tbink over that There is no other sway but telling me tbis name.' ' No — I suppose not,' slowly returned Hytbe. ' I have been turning it over a good deal in my mind a good deal since we spoke, and I see it wonld be absnrd for yon to go on sncb an errand and not know hia assumed name. However, I expect be will be too excited to ask how you found him ont. Say, will yon under take tbe business I Yon understand the pay.' ' I will undertake it, air, said " the mnsician, lifting his bead, suddenly. His dark, sallow face was almost of an ashy paleness, and althongh the virions, tiger- . like expression was not there, there was something unearthly in bis look; that Mr Hythe recoiled with an ejaculation whicb was almost of terror. ' I will undertake it, sir,' said Charles ; 'and shall be quite satisfied to leave all question of pay to yonrself, I trust yon will say I bave done my work thoroughly, when that work is finished. I shall be ready to-morrow. Will that suit ¥ ' Yes ; the sooner the better, retained Mr, Hythe. ' Yon are enre to find him at home— that is one comfort' A short consultation then took place, in which Hythe gave some farther advice as to the pro ceedings of Mr. Charles, and then the two professionals took their departure. 1 A clever man, no doubt, and will jnst soittbe business,' mattered Hythe, stand ing at his door, while he watched his confederates as they crossed a patch of moonlight and then disappeared in the shadow of some buildings. 'A very clever man ; bnt I think if I had known as mnch of him when I began, as I know now, I wonld not have had anything to do with him. A foolish piedjudice, I daresay ; bnt it seems as if I were in partnership with a hyena.' CHAPTER m. The good people of Fieldenham were advised by printed bills, that owing to circumstances over which the manager had no control, the entertainment annonnced (or the eecond night would not be given. Tbe townsfolk bore this disappointment with great equanimity. The day was marked with a white stone in the memories of Professor Regaldini and Madmoiselle Lurile — to recur once more to the dignity of professional names — for, on the Btrength of the windfall which had dropped so unexpectedly in hia path, the former treated his little friend with an excursion to a very famons spot some few miles from the town. If the scenery form this point was scarcely appreciated at its real worth by tbe pur, so much conld not be said of the cakes and sjllababB for which the resort was so noted. On their return, which was in time for early tea, the Professor was in time to see his coadjutor set forth on bis errand, duly prepared for the impersonation of this unknown foreigner. It had indeed been arranged that Styles should return in time to see Charley and give bis opinion. The latter was first to call at Myrtle Villa ; and then, if his assump tion were pronounced satisfactory, he would proceed at once to Elma KnolL Styles — we find we have descended again to the prose of real life — was anxious to see his friend in character, not o.nly to give his opinion as to its success, bnt to aid bim in suggesting some improvements — suggestions which his own experience would- render valuable. Mr. Charles was Bitting in the little parlour at their lodgings, his back to the light, and leaning bis bead upon his hand in a thoughtful attitude. Mr. Styles stepped briskly into the room, hesitated, faltered out two or three double words ; then Charley looked np and smiled. ' My eye ?' exclaimed Styles. He was almost speechless from astonishment, eDvy, and admiration. He drew a long breath, and repeated his ejaculation : ' My eye 1 How yon do mag np, Charley 1 Yon might go through this town, ah ! if yon owed money in every shop, and I don't believe a soul would know yon.' 'It is good then ¥ said the musician. t i A —V J 1 1 A t. — h AILah I Ta IMAMU uwu i icpcabcu tuo utuer. lb nuutu puzzle yonr mother and father to swear to you. And what's more extraordinary than all, Charley, is that yon have hit on jnst the expression of that photo.' ' Yon think so ¥ asked the mnsician again. ' Think 1 my boy 1 It's a certainty i' almost rapturously exclaimed Styles. ' Of course it's an accident;' 'bnt I don't believe — I really don't, Charley — that I could have made yon up better myself, if I had been here.' Charles smiled bis qniet meaning smile again, and after receiving some further congratulations, started on his errand. Mr. Styles, in the fullness of his admiration, was anxiuos to show Lurile so splendid a 'make-up, that young lady being quite as good a judge of matters sb her elders ; bnt it appeared she had gone out with the landlady. Mr. Styles was vexed at this; for, as he said, the girl might never have snch another chance. A very few minutes sufficed to take the musician to Myrtle Villa, where, on enquiring for Mr. Hythe, and giving his nameaa Mr. Carlos Villads, be was shown into the presence of that gentleman, who was of conrae expecting him to call. ' Fray, be seated, sir,' aaid Mr. Hytbe, as his visitor bowed. ' I have not the pleasure — I think — of knowing you. May I ask what you wish to see me for ¥ Tbe face into which he was looking he spoke, gradually changed in expression; a familiar light played in the eyes, and the lips curved into a smile. ' Is it possible ¥ exclaimed Hythe. ' Well did your friend say that I might safely intrust the bnsiness to your hands, for the transformation is wonderful. Let me hear if you do quite understand tbe history ; if you do, all the rest is safe.' ' I am folly certain of the business,' returned Charles. 'There is no merit in that, for all is ao simple. Yonr brother having been foolish enough to throw him self away on a foreigner — contemptible and worthless of course — justly punished her presumption in allying herself with the respectable English, by deserting her. That she was left in a 6tsange country with an infant helpless, only made tbe position more disagreeable for your worthy brother ; yet now he weakly repents of bis conduct;; and if not judicionsly taken care of, he will squander mnch money on this foreign person's memory, to the detriment of Ms family. That is not respectabls — not English ! If the foreign person did not die, she onght to have died. — Am I right so far, sir T ' Yon are right so far,' returned Hythe with a good deal of emphasis ; ' you are perfectly right, sir. But, whether it is from your not being thoroughly acquainted with our language, or not, I can't say, you put the matter io as dis agreeable a light as possible.' 'Pardon. I am very wrong, no doubt,' stud Charles with a bow. ' It mnst be as you say, because I have bad acquaintance with the English language. Well, sir, then I have to see Mr. Maurice Hytbe, tell bim I am the relative of this foreign person, whom he married under the name of Wife tone' ' Why, confound it ! I did not tell yon that last night 1' interrupted Hythe, 'Tell me what, air ' asked the other, with another smile ; he smiled each time he spoke. ' Why, I did not tell you tbe name nnder which he married,' continued Hythe. ' I know we talked about it ; but I have been trying to manage with out explaining that point.' ' Well, sir,' replied Charles, with another smile and a shrug of his shoulders, ' if you did not tell me, how shall I know 1 Consider, sir, and without doubt you will recall what you say to me in tMs very room, jnst before we leave you.' ' I suppose it was in this room, if any where,' growled Mr. Hythe ; ' and now you mention it, I seem to tbink we did refer to it again. Well, I must have told yon, and forget about it ; and was a fool for telling yon, tbat is all' (Tobe continued in our JiexL, 