Some "Doctrines" of the Little Book. • The Salvation Army is practically a revolution. Not satisfied with the radical change which it proposes as regards organisation, when compared with the primitive Church, it seeks to go still further, and reconstruct the doctrine and ordinances which are taught in the New Testament. While the military character may be seriously questioned, this is by no means the most objectionable feature of the Army. Without doubt this is wholly unscriptural; but as the organisation of the Church of Christ does not necessarily affect the salvation of 60uls to the extent which some other matters do, the military clmracter of the Army might not be regarded with so much concern were this the chief error advocated by the movement. But really the martial pomp and parade soon pale into insignificance when we come to consider the "doctrines" which are taught in the little book used in the training schools. Passing by a number of sections wherein are discussed such subjects as "How we became sinners," "The extent of the atonement," " The finished work of Christ," " Election," ctc., we come to the section which treats of the " Holy Ghost." At once we are introduced to wliat is, perhaps, the most characteristic doctrine of the Salvation Army, viz., that the " Holy Spirit speaks directly to the hearts of sinners, persuading and urging them to submit to God and be saved." Now, that the Holy Spirit dwells in the hearts of the converted is a doctrine as blessed as it is true, but that He SPEAKS DIRECTLY to the hearts of SINNERS is, to say the least, not taught in the Word of God, while there are some passages wluch seem clearly to contradict the notion, such as, " Whom the world cannot receive," and " Faith comes by hearing, and hearing by the Word of God." Still, our objection is, not so much to the doctrine itself, as to the occasion it furnishes for discrediting the power of God's Spirit through His people and His Word. Let the reader carefully examine the following:— " What do you mean by the Spirit speaking DIRECTLY to the hearts of men ? I mean that He docs not confine Himself to sending messages to men through His people, or through books, but He, Himself, goes straight to people's hearts, and so influences them as to make them feel what He wants them to do." Evidently General Booth despises instrumentalities. He likes everything in straight lines. This is sufficiently attested in the exercise of his own authority. Every question has to be submitted directly to " Headquarters." There must be no intervening courts. It is not strange, therefore, that he interprets the Holy Spirit's operations in the same way. As the General is not subject to law, but is himself the law-making power, he assumes that the Holy Spirit is in somewhat the same position. But is there any justifiable ground for this assumption ? We think not. We believe the Holy Spirit 1ms the liighest regards for instrumentalities, and that, so far as the conversion of the world is concerned, there is (no evidence that He works except through these instrumentalities. While it is true that the Holy Spirit " convinces the world of sin, of righteousness, and of judgment," it is equally true that He does this, not by going directly to the hearts of sinners, but through the Gospel, which is the " power of God unto salvation to every one that believeth." In this exaggerated doctrine concerning the Spirit's work, as set forth in the little book, are to be found the chief power and the chief danger of the Salvation Army movement. It is precisely the doctrine wliich can be used most effectually with the ignorant and superstitious, and is, therefore. a powerful nu'ims in obtaining control over them. It practically sets aside reason, reduces the Gospel to a meaningless message, and the Bible to such insignificance that it may be classed among other books, and written without the use of a capital. And as proof that we do not overstate the case, we invite attention to the following — " It is wrong and misleading to argue that we have no other way of ascertaining the mind of the Spirit concerning our own salvation, or our duty to our fellows, except through the written Word. And it is one great cause of so much tame experience in the knowledge of God, and so much lame effort to extend the kingdom of God. The living, active, positive agency of God is comparatively shut out of the world, and a dead book placed in its stead." In view of all this, wc do not wonder that " General" Booth is opposed to Bible-classes. Our real wonder is that he favours the use of the Bible at all. He certainly has very little respect for its authority, or else he greatly misunderstands its teaching. In either case, we seriously doubt liis fitness to lead a religious movement. But no matter how that may be, we feel it our duty to enter a most solemn protest against his irreverent talk about the written Word of God being a "dead book." And we feel it to be equally our duty to protest against the doctrine of direct revelation, since such a doctrine is not only wholly unwarranted by the Scriptures, but is almost sure to lead to the wildest fanaticism, if not to the support of such infamous deeds as that committed by the notorious Guiteau. Did he not claim a direct revelation authorising him to assassinate President Garfield ? So far as we are concerned, we prefer the plain testimony of God's Word to the cxcited imagination of modern enthusiasts. After the foregoing, no one will be surprised that " General" Booth has very little use for the ordinances of the New Testament. The subject of baptism is soon disposed of. The following is another straight shot of the " General" :— " Does the Army consider Baptism as a duty that must be performed / DECIDEDLY NOT. The Army only considers one baptism essential to Salvation, and that is TUE BArnsar OF THE HOLY GHOST." Now, we submit tliat this emphatic " Decidedly not " is as impious as it is unscriptural, in view of the Commission which was given to the Apostles by the Lord Himself, and the uniform practice of the apostles throughout their entire ministry. But here is a " Certainly not" which is even worse than the other:— " Is the ordinance of the Lord's Supper essential to membership of the Army, or to Salvation ? CERTAINLY NOT. Only a holy life, the outcome of love to God and man, attained and maintained by the power of the Holy Spirit, through faith in the blood of Christ, is essential to salvation." "We suppose that "General" Booth is in no way concerned because this language directly contradicts what our Lord Himself has spoken in John vi. 53. But why should there be any concern, since the written Word is a "dead look" and since General Booth has been moved by the " living, active, po itioe agency of God" to practically inaugurate an entirely new movement for the salvation of the world ? We are now done, at least for the present, with this unseemly little book. It contains many other things equally contradictory of the Word of God, butwc think we have quoted sufficient to show the character of the teaching which may be expected from the leaders of the Salvation Army. It remains now to be seen whether this teacliing will be received with continued favor by the public. If so, we shall at least have the satisfaction of knowing that we tried faithfully to warn both General Booth and the public, of the dangerous extremes to which we have called attention,— Christian Common- wealth. 