PUNNIMENTS. A conobega-iicn is often sold by tbe ohoir. Weati.no is not the oniy business that looms up. Caisak was just as bitter us the Gaul he con quered. When is' a lamp in bad temper ? When it's pnt out, of course. I am on tbe lookout for somebody — sornobody don't know anyboJy of that name. ? How to make inm tart— Leave out the suear when you put in tho plums. Thb lilies of the fibld ' toil not, neither do they spin,' bnt they have their blow out just the eatne. An Aberdeen) pundit has found out what makes the Tower of Pisa loan. Ho says it is the want of good food in Pisa. Ik a late breaoh-ofpromise case, the lover wbb oouvicted of writing, ' Mi hart beets only for the, Mi darling huney.' A notes aotress declares that she cannot live on 20,000 dollars a year. Lots of people are in the same predicament, but it is because' they cannot get the 20,000 dollars. ' Mb. Smith, ' said a lady at a fair, ' won'* yon please buy this bonnet to present to tha lady you love ?' ' 'Twouldn't be right,' said Mr. Smith ; ' I'm a married man.' Fltbs talk, so an English scientist says, bu' as interviewers they don't oome up to bees, and for a stinging artiole they are far behind the intelligent but biting Amerioan moBquito Of a certain brand of whisky, on being told that a barrel of it would not produce a head aohe, Artemus Ward said : ' Ah, my mistake must bave been that I did not driuk quite a barrel.' 1 Evehy. trade has its epeoial disease,' 6aya a writer on health ; and then he adds : ' Printers usually have the hardest type, probably on aoconnt of the amonnt of ' dead matter' lying around.' ' Havb you ' Watts on the Mind ?' solemnly asked a clerical looking old gent of the roguish damsel behind the counter. ' No, sir,' she answered, ' but I have nine on one hand and two on the other. Are you a wart dootor ?' A dr-unkbn Scotoh parishioner was admon ished by tbe parson. ' I can go into the vil lage,' ooncluded the latter, ' and come home again without getting drunk ' ' Ah, meenister, but I'm eae popular 1' was the fuddled Scotch man's apologetio reply. The Jananess Premier. Prince Kunff. ad dressed General Grant in English so-called. Trying to compliment him by assuring him that he (the General) was born to command, said, ' Sire 1 Brave Generate 1 You vos made to order.' A uak getting into his train in great haste complained of having a bad stitch in Ms side. ' How did you get it ?' asked a fellow- paBsonger. ' I rather think,' waB the reply, ' that I got it by being hemmed in by a orowd a little way down the street.' ' Wokam,' said an ancient writer, ' oan never become an orator.' But be had probably never ?een a housewife looking out of the seoond-etory windo 17, at 6 a.m., arguing with the milkman about that quart he overcharged her for in last month's bill. an old Sootehman attributes tbe disappear ance of ghosts from the Scottish moortt to the custom of tea drinking at aoci.il meetings. It requires Scotch whi.ky on the top of old ule to enable a man to see u ghost really worth talk ing about. An Irishman (twin brother to the one who swore ' ISy the powers, he'd never go into the warter till ho oould swim') once putting on a ' new pair of boots, remarked, ' Sure and Btirtin, I'll never be able to git on these iufarnal boots till I've worn 'em at laist a wake.' Two Irishmen who often madi a night of it over the whisky bottle wore late one even ing at their usual occupation. At length says one, seeing the supply finished : ' Are ye goin' to bed to-night, or may jo be goin' to sit np till to-morrow mornin' as ye did last night?' A YOtJNQ olergyman Beerns to have compreBsed the whole body of his sermon on ' Deceit ' in the following: ' Oh, my brethron, tho snowiest shirt-front may conceal an aohing bosom, and the stiffeBt of all collars enoirclo a throat that has many a very bitter pill to swallow.' Two boarding-house keopera are comparing notes. ' It 'pears to mo, Mrs. Miggles, that your chicken salad is never found out— least- way,! never heard none of tho borders complain.' 'You eee,' explained Mrs. Miggles, 'I alias chop up a few feathers with tbe veal,' Don's weep, my friend,' uaid tha pastor to tho sorrowing widower, us ho stood beside his wife' it coffin. ' Don't woop, tho has gone to heaven.' 'Yen, I kuow sue has goue there/ replied the afSiotod.man, 'and that is what makes it'BO hard to beari I kuow I'll never sea her again,' 'Doctoe,' said a gentleman to an aged olergyman, ' why does a little fault in a good - man uttraot moro. iiotioo than a urea t fault in a bad man?' 'For the same reason, perhaps/ answered the reverend doctor, 'that a slight Btain on a white., garment IB more readily notioed than a larger Btain on a' coloured one* A missionary, many years ago, delivered so ? powerful an appeal for the cauBe iu which ha i was engaged that a poor woman in the congregation was moved to fling into the pulpit her pocket containing nil the money she had with her, exolaiming, 'There, there; tako pooket and all.' ; ... . Popb was dining with Froderic, Prinoe of Wales, and paid him so many compliments, that the Princo eaid to him : ' I wondor that you should be so complaisant to me, when yon are so severe upon kings.' The pout replied: ' It is beoause I like the lion before his claws are grown.' ' ' ' That's a. stupid bruto of yours, John,' eaid a Sootoh minister to his parishioner, the peat, dealer, who drove his raoroGandiBo from door to door in a small cart drawn by a donkey; M .... nover eeo you but the creature is braying/ 'Ah, sir,' returned tho' -peat dealer, 'ye ken !; ' hearts warm when frien'B meet 1'. ? ? -??-- \;- '?!) Tiibiib wbb a groat parado of soldiers, and ' ' ' . little Mary, aged night yeiw, went to the door1' ?' with hor pet dog -Gyp, to see tho prooeaeion ?'?'? ''; ' '. '? movo by. Liko all little dogs, Gyp was sauoy ? ' and began to bark, Mary ran upstairs to hor, mother exclaiming, 'Oh, mamma, come down, ?? stairs ; I'm afraid Gyp will bite tho army.' ' I must say that I vory muoh dislike this : ostentatious furnishing,' romiirlcid the elderly Miss Pringlo as she looked about hor iii tliu new homo of tho Spankingtona. ' Now, look nt that ' - groat elaborately framed mirror. I declare I ' ' ! can soo nothing beautiful iu it.' ' You shouldn't expect impossibilities, Miss Pringlo,' remarked Fogg, the villain, ? -. -I ' ,- 1. . .- . ? r . '?? /.-'?!?? V.V'~ 