The Social Influence of Christmastide. The simple name of Christmas suggests that in its 'beginning thin now jolly festival was a purely re ligious one ; it was a mass for the birth of Christ. IlioEe who have read those driest of liistorians, that is, Church historians, may happen to know that the world did pretty well without this mass for at least three hundred years, that is to say the festival had no great significance. Here are some passages of old lore on the subject : ' In most congregations of Christians five annual festivals were observed, in remembrance namely of the Saviour's birth, of His sufferings and death for the sins of men, of HiB resurrection, of His ascension to heaven, and of the descent of the Holy Ghost upon His ministers. The Oriental Christians kept the memorial of the Saviour'6 birth and of hie baptism on one and the same day, namely, the 6th of January, and this they called Epiphany ; but the western Christians seem always to have consecrated the 26th of December.' Constantino, at once .to simplify and make more binding all the festivals of the Church, including the first day of the week, placed them all on the same level, and required by a special law that they should be more sacredly observed. On these days all courts of justice and public offices were to he closed except for special cases. In the year 321, Constantine required the inhabitants of cities and all mechanics to suspend their business ; hut he allowed such as resided in the country full liberty to pursue their agriculture, because it was supposed necessary for them to sow their fields and prop their vines when the weather and the season best suited. The Emperor Leo in the year 469 thought agriculture required no exception, and therefore included farmers under the same pro hibition with mechanics. but, however sacred the first idea of the day, the element of joy was always in it. It was the leaven diffusive and assimilating which in due time leavened the lump. 'Wherever that loving sentiment is allowed full play, it will soon express itself by demonstrations, amongst the most notable of winch are eating, drink ing, dancing, and making merry all round. We may well suppose that the eating business soon took strong hold of men's feelings if nor of their fancy. It was a thing to be nourished and cherished, and how well it throve ; for whatever may be the custom of non-british nations, in due course Christmas in our mother-country produced the roast beef and plum-pudding ofJJOld England. We have all eaten the latter, and still we live. It is still so powerful an argument, ad hominew, that wherever Christmas day finds the Englishman, no Pharisee could be more devoted to his prayers than he to his pud ding. lie may be at the poles, he must have his pudding; he may be broiling under Hie suns of Arica or India, he will have his pudding. An amusing incident, illustrative and in proof of this, occurred in the travels of Cameron across Africa. He says : — ' Christmas Day passed very miserably. A heavy rainstorm com menced the day and flooded the whole village ; the ditch and hank round my tent were washed away, and I had over 6 inches of water inside it. . Everything was wet, damp, and 'muggy. Then my dinner, for which I had kept a tin of soup and one of fish, besides one of the plum pudding, was a failure.' A village dog stole the first, Sambo upset the soup, and the pudding was not boiled. I had to content myself with a scraggy fowl, and a bit of Matama damper. Then also the festival of the day is nothing if it is not abundant. There must be not only a joint from the prize beast of the season, but also at any cost and at any screwing all the rest of the year, the choicest fruit of the vintage to tickle the appetite, and numberless concomitants suitable to curley-pated babies and silver-haired grands ires. All is savoury and all that is sweet must be present, and one's month at first waters at the thought, but afterwards he feels almost as if thought would suffice without the reality. but a table that groans beneath its good cheer is poor satisfaction without the gathering of dear ones from every quarter. It is the birthday of the family, and is kept up for its anniversary character. The first Christmas dinner is, perhaps, a small affair. The hope of the house on that day for the first time comes to table in a composite chair. He behaves well and his promotion is confirmed. A year or two afterwards the festival comes again, and is held partly to cele brate his progress from bibs to buttons. He looks down almost in disdain on the struggling little piece of pulp which sits where (he can hardly realise it) he made his own advent. With frightful speed school days come along and blight these happiest moments of human life ; but the holidays almost reconcile us to life after all. What a wildly merry time it is to such, tills same old Christmas day ? What measuring of heights, what tales of school hardship and of hero ism ! What boisterous joy there is, what ringing laughter, threatening all the proprieties. Now and again these^scenes arc shaded by a memory and a vacant seat. Bright links are missing from the household chgin, Leaving the gaps that time can never fill ; New voices mingle in the ChriBtmas strain, But sweeter tones are still.' The family thus celebrates its anniversaries, and measures itself year by year. And so the generations have come and gone, their passage registered by the gatherings of Cliri6tmas tide. The infant of days comes upon the 6cene, and on the other side of it departs the man full of years and labours and honours. At Christmas one remembers his kindred to all its generations, and his cousins to the fiftieth degree. The old hospitality of England, whatever may be said of the new, never forgot them, and if they were poor they never forgot it either. It provided for them the heartiest good cheer, and for the time the rich and the poor met together. It was astonishing to see how well each happy guest remembered some characteristic virtue or deed of tlicir generous host. All the good blood in the family was not in him, but all the blood he had was good, and some strains of it much mixed with such as was not true blue still eoui sed their own veins r What a privi lege to stand so near such a man, or rather to sit at such a table. We cannot reproduce such worth and wassail now. Life is less tribal ; is emphatically more cosmopolitan. The poor we remember now are not domestic, they are the public poor. We have removed our destitute dependents and have placed them in State orphanages, refuges, asylumns, and such like. AH these dependencies of ours arc brighter, if they are not sadder, at Christmas, than on any other day of the year. In one respect, and that an important one, they are separated from the healthier and more thrifty portion of the community by a great gulf, happily not impassable to charity. She is a Beautiful deputy, although it is one of our vices, very often, to be charitable by deputy. The most needy, at times, are the least deserving, but Christmas says you must not ask after their dements ; you must look only at their needs ; you must not stay nicely to dis 'tofate either between the pauper and the felon and the imbecile ; you must remember only the common bond of humanity, and that this is the festival of good will to men, that is to all. The season is fraught also with a desiretoforget the unpalatable in the past, and this year how much there w ill be to forget. Each fiery combatant in the present btrife will, so let us hope, vie with his neighbour to cherish good will, and to swear fealty to peace till next election. To keep in mind that 6uch a season is never more than a year behind, never more than a year before us, tells its tale backwards and forwards. 'For the year we lay in a stock of peace on earth. It hardly lasts the year, perhaps never without great economy ; but it is always admonitory simply to approach the exchequer. The process is of a kind too, such that whilst we are exhausting the stock of last year, we are laying up for the year to come. It is like stored electricity. It gathers silently, and. is perfectly quiescent till the time comes, till it is brought into contact with the power complimentary to itself, and then comes the flash which with care kindles a flame. But modem inventions have given wings to our love such as we never had before. Our migratory habits have separated dearest friends by the width of the world. It is a separation, the painful part of which always returns upon us at this merry season. It has been a sore trial to many a tender spirit that distance made the old home gathering impossible, and almost nothing offered itself as a substitute. Now in the happiest way we can 6hake hands half-way round the globe. Christmas has at last given birth to an art, or rather the old vulgarised idea of St. Valentine's day has been regenerated, and little things of beauty, little mementoes of love, flit about near and far like birds of Paradise. May the day brighten more and more, evermore, It 'comes to many of us this year with horns of plenty. Our homes have hot been desolated by war, nor our fields devastated by drought or mildew. Our peril is that of piosperity, and our duty is to see that our joy shall he pure, our charities sincere, and that our reunions are made in truth and high honour. G. W. 