'IRovdist. . GRIT. A Story of tlio Past and Present; of Ordi nary lrion and Ordinary things, in Ordi nary lnnguiigo. ,'^J)o siuo thy am will find tlioo out ' ? BY DONALD CAMERON. 'AUTIIOII'OV .'.'.' IN TUB l'OLDS OF TUB SEIU'ENT,' , i'j' ' SILVLItWATEU 11I.MD, l.TO.' ' V^ * *? r s It is ,i' beautiful belief : , „?'' ' Thnt over louiul oiu bund ~ , A10 lio\cimg on nngol ningo, ? ThobjiiulHof thodciul. ' ?. ' 1 ' ' * '—f ? 'Miiis White,' bho continued, 'is now in veiy great'dnngoi. Pool and alono in a vast city, with a helpless fathoi dopouding on hei, r bho is, harassed by enemies, who tiy to take advantage of hei unfoitunatc position.' 'Jack's face Hushed cunisori, his hands clenched.' ' I will bee her lighted !' ho ciied in a lage. -.'?.Then* Iho lcmembiancc of his helpless state came to him, and despan took possession of hib hcuil. ' ' Miss White, howcoi,' continued Maggie, ' has not bent 1110 to appeal foi help, that I htt\c ventiucd to do myself. Hoi message is diffeicnt. Your father, Mr. Mcldon, lies in the no\t cotlago to Mibs White'b, dying. He ,' is ciying out for you, and wishes to bee you % before he dies,' for ho has some gicat secret to lovoal.' Jack started, and joy again invaded his heart.; Was it possible that Bunnkiun know ? aught of that dicad bccict which had almost ,4 Cecapccl the lips of Biidgot O'Regnn bcfoio , - -they ^verobtillod in death? Would ho yet bo able to sheet tho ciime home to the muidcicr ;of his mother? His brain became confused. . Now liopeb, now Ubpiuitions began to n&o.; , 'Don't delay,' said Maggie; 'take tho -afternoon tiani to the uty, else j on may never bee your fathci alive again.' Jack tinned lound to William in a helpless way. Ho had no money, and ho could not Hunk of abking anything out of tho few pounds that had been laiscd on Emily's '.heirloom.* ' (William divined his feelings. 'Yet, Jack,' said ho, 'you mubt go.' ' But,' said Jack, ' I have no money, and I 'could not think — ' . .',Nowi that will do,' said William ; 'don't , speak of it. You mubl'go ; that's an end to , ,tho whole mailer.' 1 'Yeb,'baid Emily, cheoifully; 'we must v not'stop to think whon aXathei is dying. Ho has been a bad liaient, but you cannot be ?absent now.' Jack knew not what to say. Oh, that he .-.wore nblo to lowtud tho love and friendship, of v- 'this gloiious man and woman. '*'*'.*' -', . CHAPTEB LVIII. w ,1 At this moment a cab diovo up, and out of ! ?-'?' it sprung Obadiah Swcctcomfoil and Snigglo ^'?Sniokeiu. »Tho formci looked at the group ^ 1*withj witheimg contempt, ineiited as ho ' ' , 'appealed to think, for was ho not dicsscd in 'buperfino cloth, and they in the meanest shoddy ? Yot w ithal, Hub doughty man kept a shaip ej 0 on Jack, f 01 ho know how strong ,was his hand, and ho was not o\eisuro he might not ubo it. The two look out of tho cab borne pegs and an a\c. William and Jack ij^al onco saw lluough then intention, und the 'J *? latter was about to make foi Obndinh, when William stopped him. 'Quiet, Jack,' said ho, soothingly; 'you jiiro not fit to deal with thoso men ; your ^ I-asbions would o\eicome you.' „' The dog,' said Jack, who was red with fury;;.' ho follows mo oven here.' v ' Nover mind,' said William, with a sarcas v tio siriilo on his face ; ' leave them alone. I'll noon bottle them.' ' And ho walked down to tho two ' jumpers' ??' voiy leisurely. ' Good moining, gentlemen,' baid William, 'casting a glance at them, such as a .man would bestow upon two crawling reptiles. ' ' Good morning,' was the surly but some what frightened iepl}. -- ' What aro you doing ?''iiBkcd William. ' \- '' ' :?. .'.'? ??'? ' Merely pot-Kin-; out a claim,' lupliud Obmliah, doggedly, 'But this is my ground,' replied William. ' Oh,' said Obndinh, offensively ; ' we'll . see about that.' 'But surely, Mr. Sweotcomfort,' said Wil liam, with a bitter sarcasm in his tone ; ' so bonoyolent a gentleman as yourself, and one 30 rich ; one who own hundreds of acres, would not take my little claim. It is not liko you, Mr. Obadiah Sweclcomfort, you would not repeat tho parablo of tho prophet and tho poor man's owe lamb.'. . This allusion stung. Obadiah flushed up. 'I don't caro about your-spbcolicB,' Mr. Brown,' ho said; ',I. hnvo the law on my sido, and I'll have .my rights.' 'Perfectly correct,' said William, still satirically; 'but aro you nine tho law's on your sido?' 'Yes,' loplicd Obadiah. 'You ought to havo had two men working on this claim, and you've only had 0110 for some tinio.' 'That's all very.; well, Mi. Sweotcomfoit,' said William ; ' but if you go into.lh'omining registrar's ollico in Grit, you'll find that tho ownorB of this claim applied for and obtained an exemption for three months only two weeks ago I' Obadiah started back with a frown. ' Oil! that won't do,' said ho, at last, in the tone of a disappointed bully. ' Well,' said William, turning on liis heel ; ' all 1 havo to say is, thai you had bettor examine tho records of tho Waulon'H Couil; and at the same lime search tho scriptures, wheie you'll poihaps find n few piecepts which von'l eoinfoit you over much. And I give you notico I'll have you prosecuted as trespassers if you peg out.' And ho turned away. Obadiah stood for a minute, his-facc whitb1 with suppiessed rage and disappointed hate. Suddenly ho noticed Jack, to whom William had nanaled what had taken place, make a movo as if ho wore coming down thb hill. Tho celoiity with which Obapinh and Snickcib got into llio cab was wonderful. They disnp peaicd in the twinkling of an eye, leaving their pegs on tho ground, and tho cab diovo a\yay at great speed. ' Why did you stop mo ?' said Jack ; ' I'd have revenged tho insults of ycais on that wielch. Ho oHeied mo money when I was weak and broken down, purposely to insult 1110.' 'Novor mind, Jack,' said William; your day will come. Make hasto now and change your clolhes, take your dinner, and start for Melbourne I'll dig into that sandstone bar. I beliovo theio'saieef below it; peihnps I'll find il before you come back.' 'William, you aro- a king amongst men,' baid Jack, his eyes becoming moist ; ' your wife is an angel. 01 that I could lopny you.' 'Wo do our duty,' said William, ' quietly, ' and thai lopays us.' Maggie iiow beckoned lo her cabman, and aftoi giving Bertha's address onteicd the con veyance, gently lefusing Emily's picbsing in vitation to stop for dinner. So she was diiveu away to Giit while Jack began lo piopnio for his journey; In d few hours ho would bo in tho arriis of her he loved so well, and thoiis would bo peace and joy foiever, while she, liko a strioken hart, would havo to seek a quiet spot wlioio she could weep in secret. She was driven to tho Patriot Hotel, once Bunulium's, where we saw her, first. Thoro sho 'was shown to a room which overlooked tho busy thoroughfare arid tho Park where sho had often wandered with Jack when the moon had begun to .shod her beams upon the cailh. No one iccogniscd in the veiled austcic lady the onco gay and volatile Maggie. But after all that was tho turning point of her destiny. OHAPTEKLIX. Obadiah drove away from thc.sccno of his discomfiture in a very evil and chagiincd fiamc of mind. That a man ot his con sequence and wealth should bo compelled lo Uy f roin so despicable a boing as Jack, who* had neither property or money — not evon a decent suit of clothes I Obadiah giound his teeth when ho thought of the many unavailing attempts ho had made to get rid of this fellow. Yet with all this ho was ever turning up, and llnowing his best laid plans into confusion. While the cab was being driven -back to' Grit,' Obadiah resolved schomo after scheme in. his mind, but cast them away one after tho other as of no utility. Ho could think of nothing at present that would humble this man. I'oi tho first time ho confessed that his wealth and position wore valueless; they oould not give him revenge. It was a beautiful day. Tho air was dear and cold, fresh and bracing, the sky. as blue as lapis lazuli, yot to Obadiah naturo gave no pleasure. Ho fo't liko a bnfllcd demon. But what puzzled him most of nil was a blrango unaccountable feeling of sadness and despondency that came ovei him — a piobonli ment of evil to come, which ho could not;ox pliiin— a feeling that all was vanity otvaniUes. Perhapb this framo of mind was biought about by tho severb .wound hib vanity had 10 ceived. Ho might have been gieatly checied had his cauiago been waiting so that ho could diiyo down tho main street in all tho glory of a chariot and four, humbling tho pride of llio inhabitants of Grit, and showing to Ihem his exceeding glory. But oven this was wanting. He drove through in a common cab. Still it was bomo-balm to his vanity to find that every orio turned round and stared at tho successful reefer. But had. ho heard Iho unkind and scathing lemarks that were mndo, his prido would havo received another wound. Snigglo Snickers hardly spoke a word during Iho journey. His gaze avas steadfastly fixed upon vacancy, and now and then with a strange expression of faco ho would laugh to himself. Had Obndiah not been bo occupied with his own thoughts ho would havo noticed this. But who was Snigglo Snickers that Obadiah Sweetcomfort should trouble his mighty soul about him 1 There was tho accustomed bustlo at the ?Hesperus Extended. Tho stampers were rattling and crushing, and the steam engines puffing and snorting. Obndiah and Snigglo SnickorB wont into the office, and tho former throw off his coat preparatory to donning garments suited for Iho mine. Sniggle began opening the letters. 'I wish,' said he, when Obadiah was equipped for the underground trip, ' that you would do without mo for a littlo while, I find there is a lot of work to bo done. Tho under ground boss will show you round' and I'll bo down in a quarter of an hour.' ' Oh I as for that,' said Obadiah ; ' there's no need for you to go down at all, except to show me the newest indications; I think I know as much about tho mine as you do. But here is my pockot-book ; it contains the Hes perus Extended scrip. Lock it in tho safe, for fear it may bo stolon.' ' There is no danger of that,' spid Snigglo quietly, but with a strange glitter in his eyes. ' However, I'll put it in.' And ho threw the pocket-book into tho safe and looked it. Obadiah walked out, and in a few minutes tho signal hammer told ho was descending the mine. But did Sniggle Snickers work? No. The moment Obadinh loft, ho pluccd his elbows on the table, and burying his faco in his hands;' remained for several minutes in deep thought, occasionally muttering to himself. When ho raised his face at times, it was' evident a terrible struggle was taking place in his mind. A. deop groan would now and then escapo him. Presently he rose, and took put Obadinh'B pooket-book. It was very bulky. Sniggle draw buck the ulnsliu, and laid hold of the great roll of scrip the book contained. One by ono'lic turned thorn over, carefully glancing at their numbers and tho names of the original holders. .;Not one share was in Obndinh'H name. A wild exultation appeared in llio man's fnce. Ho walked backwards! and forwards, slapping occasionally as it to think. At times it seemed that ho wavered in whntover purpose ho had formed, but tho moment ho looked at the norip{ irresolution vanished. After a while, his face became grim and determined; the blood vanished from his countenance ; it became ashy pale, and the eye.-) bloodshot.. Ho' put the book biiok into the safe, locked it, and then giving one or two glances lound Iho* ollico, walked out and shut tlio door. A shuddciing came over him when he stood without, and ga/.cd upon the beautiful panorama of Naluic. It was winter, and the enith was covried with louder giasn, of a boautiful gieon— for verduie was only vouch safed'ovon to Grit at this season. Tho blue sky, tho eineiald ciuth, with hero and Ihem a deep blown or a msty led as a contrast, the fiesh bieo/o seemed lo biing back bitter thoughts. But the lcvulsion was momen tary. With a bipolheied clirbo, ho walked to the shaft whoro a cage was wailing, and ?-topping into it, noislessly descended into the depths of Iho caith, the \eidiue, the sky vanishing fiom hib gaze as peace depailcd foi ever fiom his mind. CnAPTElt IjX. The cold' and gloom of the 'mine agiced with the daikncsb of Sniggle Snickers' soul. The diipping walcr,'lho ogiclikc shadows, the inyslciious sounds of tho minaib at woik, noil accoidcd with the gloom of this man's thoughts. , ' ' Ho found Obadiah sitting^' on a piece of quait/, listening lo the 'explanations of Iho captain of the shift, who was cudcavoiing to gi\o a lucid dcsciiption of Iho 'countiy,' through which they would have to pass bofoio they came to llio reef. Obadiah was bmoking a cigar with a buporcilious air. In eaily life ho had neither diank nor smoked, being a hlnunch teetotaller — for it huited his purposo — but when ho becamo wealthy, ho changed his mind 'as to what was lawful ; and as smoking a cigar was the coircct thing foi a millionaire, '?.?? Obadinh indulged; and occa bionally ho would take a glass of champagne, for that, also, was the light thing to do. Thoio was a bpaikle of ploasuie in Snigglo'b eye as ho noticed this ; fate itself seemed in his favor. ' 'You havo gone over all tho lcols wheio wo aio working,' baid ho to Obadiah. ' I think you had better como with mo now and examine tho old level *,yheio wo obtained the groat yields. I think if a eiosscul woio put in from the end wo might stiiko bomothing.'- ' You'd better bo caiefiil,' said the 'captain of tho shift, 'that Ihoic level's whoio wo keep tho powder now.' , ' 'Oh! no danger/' baid Obadiah' jauntily ; 'I aught to know my way about in the mine, for I woiked in this claim years enough.' . Obadiah said this witheiingly. Ho prided himself upon having lisen from 'tho lanks when in tho company of workmen, and was over thiusting before them his pcisovorance and BUCcess-^as much ab to say thnt it uab their fault they weic not as well off as ho. ' Will I go ?with you ?' Abkcd the captain. 'No1, thank you.' s,aid Obadiah, who thought two woio company and three woio not when thoio was a confabulation in prospect. Lighting Iwo candles Obadiah and Snigglo moved along Iho level, the foimei admonishing the men to go on with their woik., Snigglo led the way. It was well for his bchcmo thai he did, othoiwise Obadiah might have detected in his faco signs of the fate that was coining. After a good deal of turning and winding they at last camo to tho opening of a level which hnd evoiy nppeaiance of boing dcbcilcd. Tho 'setts' of timber woio de cayed, the floor covoicd with blimo and watei, which /lowed down in the centic, led with peio\idc of iion. Close lo the mouth a laigc number of kegs of powder wcic stoied in a drivo; above.' ' Theio's no danger of the powder getting wet?' asked Obadiah in an economical mood. ' Not tho slightest,' leplicd Snigglo, 'You leave me alone for that. It's safe Iheic,' ' And you aio buro it's not wasted?'' asked Obadiah. ' Powdoi's risen you know.' L ' ' Ceitnin,' was tho loply, ' I know Iho amount th.it should bo used lo a giain.' v After tin*, oiling in the blippery, damp level for some lime they icached the faco — a gical excavation nariowing to a point. It was I1010 that the reef had tapeicd out to nothing. ' Well,' said Obadiah ab they tested, ' thcio was a lot of gold got out of this, 'wasn't there? If that fool Jack had only stuck to his sh'aie of it ho wouldn't bo digging now.' , 'Indeed,' baid Snigglo absently. , ' ' Well, foolb will be fools,' said Obadiah in a bdf- balisficd lono. ' It thoio wcien't fools wiso men would not bo rich.' A duiker bhade came aciobS^Snigglo's face. Ho was 0110 of Iho foolb. ' But what do you want mo to seo hoio ?' asked Obadiah. ' Well,' was tho leply, ' tho liuth ib that I wanted lo give you a biupiibc. You know when tho loot gave out bo buddenly I had my suspicions that Ihcio wcic something wo did not understand. And theic was. That con tinued flow of watci could not bo thcic unless thoio was a loot clobo at hand.' Obadiah was all attention. , ' Hoofs don't give out bo buddouly,' con tinued Snigglo in abtrango lono. 'Whenthoy end in one bpol, they goneially mako again somewhere else. And this roof doesl' Obadiah could haully bpeak with excitement. The veiy idea of tho liehest leef over dis covered 111 Grit being again found, wab bu(fi cicnt to arouse in his avaricious. mind visions of a mammoth fortune. ' Well, I brooded over itj' continued Snigglo Snickeis, 'until at last, aflcrwohad abandoned thoso woikings, and tin nod them into a pow dei magazine, I came down 0110 Sunday with pick and diill and fuse and woiked nwny nl tho eastern bide'of Iho face. I thought 1 de tected a lava stieal; and I followed it. II wasn't long befoio I camo on a vein of stone, and that stone is liohcr -than over the oilier part of tho reet was.' ? ? Obadiah lobo in a delirium of joy. ' (Show it to 1110, Sniggles,' said he, ' Show it lo me. Good, good ! How lieh I will be.' Sniggle looked at him with oycrf emitting such baleful lire, thnt if Obndinh wore. not almost bcbidc himself with joy nt the dis covery ho would hnvo noticed it. 'You shall have your pay doubled,' said Obadiah, as it he wore rewarding' the man above liis deserts. Snigglo shut his1 teeth fiercely at this; he was afraid his passion would get tho better of him, and his scheme fall stillborn to the ground. Ho began care fully removing a heap of mullock whioh was piled against tho drive. In a fow minutes it had been cleared off, and Sniggle's filled his hat with water. Throwing a fow hatfuls : of water over tho stone, soon revealed a snowy reef, in which could bo easily discerned specks and streaks of gold, some of thorn very largo. Obndiah gazed on il as if spell- bound. 'Seo how it widens out,' said Snigglo. 'It's bound to grow as wido as tho otkpr reef.' , . - ' Obadiah did not reply. Ho was making a mental calculation. Ten thousand shares at £20 per share, would bo £200,000 ; not to mention the dividends. V Will I go nud fetch n piok, so thnt .-..we'll got a few specimens?' asked Snigglo, in a voice that told how fast his heart was : beat ing, his whole schemo lesting upon tho 'Yes, yes,' said Obadiah quickly; 'we'll pick -down tho sides to see if it bulges out. Wo mustn't nay anything about it till I pick up all the shares, and then the mcn'll bo put on to try Iho old workings, nnd you'll put in a blast that'll prevent your work boing noticed, but will show the roof.' He spoke to empty air. Snigglo was gone. Ho Obadiah began to examino tho reef, his framo thrilling with rapture. But did Snigglo go for the pick? No ; he merely went to the mouth of tho level, and' turned to the nlcovo whoro tho powder wns stored. His heart was beating wlidly ; hiu fnco, hitherto pale, wns unshed with tho blood that was being driven rapidly through- his system. Still ho handled tho powder kcgii wnrily, nnd breaking two of them, he strewed the contents in a train leading from tho entrance of tho level. After carefully communicating this with the pile of kegs, he retired a littlo distance, arid taking a newspaper from his pocket, he rolled it up in the manner of n llnmbunu. Ho then took his stand close to tlio train, nnd putting his hand to his mouth, shouted— 'Mr. Sweetcomfort.' No answer. ' Obadiah Sweotcomfort I' , * Only the echoes of Iho cavoiim leplied. ' Obndiah Swoetcomfort 1' Now Obndinli-was heard. ' Yes.' ^ 'Como this way.' Then followed a dead silence, only bioken by the diipping of the walei as il fell fiom ,he loof of the drive, and the faint sound of Iho miners al work and the creaking and banking of tho cages. ' -i But boon Obndiah's light appealed, making ilarkncss visible in tho level. ' ' Stand there I' snid Snigglo in a terrific raiee, when Obadiah had come within speak ing distance. . -i '. Obadiah shook with fear. Thoio jwib some thing bo avyful in Sniggle's voice, that it iccmcd lo him like Iho turnip of doom. 'What is Iho matter?' he ciiod, in n ?uavoring lone. J - ' Maltoi I' lopliod Sniggle. 'Death is the mailer I Don't stir a foot 01 you aio a dead man.' . 1 . ' Oh, m/God !' ciicd Obadiah. ' Don't call upon God, you hypociito,' paid iiis cpoiny sternly. ' Listen to mo Obadinh Swcoloomforl. You think you nre wiso ; jet younllowod n inan whom you know to bo poor, who has been injuiod by you, used ns a Sool arid' poorly rownrded, to seo that you kvcic the possessor of half the bhaics in this nine, when that man had known a long iimo that thoro was within reach a riohor roof ihnn had ever been worked. That's your ivisdom.' * ' You 'aio mad or joking,' ciied Obadiah, iis coward heart now botiaying itself. ' Oh 1 lon't sx'cak lo mo in that way.' ' I will'speak' 1' cried tho other, in a fienzy 3f_ passion. I '-I will speak. Havo yon not nado mo your tool and paid mo nothing? riayo you not humbled mo at evoiy oppoi iunity? I havo biought wealth untold into pour purbo, yot you nover gave mo n faithifig jxcopt my. wages. Had I done for Jack what [did .for you. ho would have 'made 1110 a ivciilthy mari. You looked down upon mo; pou thought mo a eicatuio not woithy of at tention; 'yet when you w eie pulled up with pride, at.. your. own. .cleverness I, Sniggle Snickers; was laughing at you. What I was telling' you a little while . since was n lie.: I knew tho loot made again that very night ivlion you and all the rest thought il had ;;one out for ever. I bided my time, and that Limo has come. Had you lowaidcd 1110 Mid given me means to buy the shaies when they weio low this would not hiwo happened. You thought you had made 1110 commit myself so that 1 could not turn upon you and demand my pay. But see what your plotting lias done.' Blind with tenor, paialysod with fear, Obadiah sank upon his knees.' ' Smggleb, my old fiiond, my dear fiiend,' bo said, 'you won't do anything. I'll give you half my shaies', half my money, half of everything. Wo will shaio and bhaio alike. Theio' will bo enough and to spare' O, Sniggles 1 lomember our long acquaintance; what wo havo dono for one another.' ' ' Ycb, I do icmembcr,'!-said tho man who had now become mad with lago and hate. ' I do' lcmcmbcr, and it is worse for you. I lcmcinbcr Iho cxamplo you bet mo when you caubcd-Jack to bo buiicd alive in this very mine. You bet me Iho oxamplo ; ' now I only follow your load. Ab foi your piomises, I would no moio heed them than 1 would tho voices of the wind. If I weie to give way, tho moment wo gotabo\o giound, you would hand 1110 o\ei to tho law, and Ihoio would bo no meicy. 0, 1 do know you'.' , ' ' ' ' No; no,' ciiod Obadiah ; 'las bine as thoio is a heaven above lib, I would not; bavo my life, and lako everything.' ??* 'You talk about heaven,' oiiod Sniggles, with a sneer; 'neither you nor I should mention il. Neither of us believe in all thai nonsense, although when you woio pool, jou made a stnlking-lioiso of lcligion lo mount lo higher giound'. Who betiayod my wito? Obadiah Swcotcomfoit. Who bioko up my happy homo; and made mo a by-word amongbt my loilow-inincis? Obndiah Sweotcomfoit.' Obadiah did not reply; ho cowered down upon the giound in abject supplication. 'Pity me, pity mo,' ho cued, almost in niticulutcly. ' Not if I pity myself,' leplicd Sniggles ; ' I hnvo your 10,000 sciip, nnd lo-moirow I will bo wealthier than over you vicic. Piepnic to die, Obndinh Swcctcoinfott; picpnio to meet the God you ha*,e mocked, if Ihcio is such n Being ; got londy to fnco tlio soulb^'ou have mined, at His judgment sent.' And he made a movement to cast the paper, which ho had now lighted, into Iho tiaiu. Obadiah utleiod an awful ciy — ono that' echoed and re-echoed through tho caverns of tho mine; one thnt rung in his murderer's cais foi e\er after. But that cry hastened his fate. Scaling that it might bo heaid, Sniggles thicw the flaming papci into tho liniu of powder und lushed away into tho darkness. CHAPTER XiXI. When .nek stepped out of the tinin in Melbourne, at eight o'clock that evening, tho platfoun wab ulivo with newsboys, who weio vocifeinting, ''Eiald, second edition, a penny! Uoiful accident I A mine busted up I' Jack bought a copy; and as ho was going down in tho omnibus ho pulled il out and lend the pmngiaph which nearly o\ciy passenger was albo bcanning. II iuii thus : — 'Awful acoidontl' ' A mino collapsed I' ' A rioh reofor buiicd alive I' ' Terrible oxoiloniont 1' [By special telegram.] ; ' Grit, six o'clock.' 'A terrible explosion took jilaco in tho Hesperus Extended mino this afternoon. It seems Mr. Obadiah Sweetcomfort and tho manager, .Mi*. .Snigglo SnickorB, wero down examining ono of tho old drives, where powder is kept, when tho latter loft 'his companion for a piok. Mr. Snickors had hardly got out of the drive wheu.a fearful explosion took place, which completely stunned him, nnd shook the mine to its centre. When the men hud re covered themselves, and Mr. Snickors had re gained his senses, thoy wont back to Iho old drive which they found to bo completely blocked up with stone. Ths havoc wns tremendous, and will cost thousands to repair. No hopes can bo entertained about Mr. Sweot ..comfort, us tho explosion must have instan taneously killed him. Evon if ho wero alive, it would take days to get him out. Mr. Snickers stales that Mr. Sweetcomfort asjicd him to go for a pick in order to test some old stone on the hanging wall. Mr. Sweotcomfort was smoking a cigar, und had a lighted eandlp. Mr. Snickers wnrned him to keep away froin the powder.' The supposition is that ho was examining the magazine when somo spnrks from his cigar fell into the powder, or Hint ho dropped his candle. The timber was very much decayed, nnd must havo been swopt away by the blast, the collapse of the drive immediately following. Mr. Sweotcomfort wns tho wealthiest mino proprietor on Grit.' 'It is singular that several years ago in Grit, a, minor named Meldon was buried alivo in this mino; but ho was rescued, and this gives hope to Mi. Sweotcomfort's fiiends.' A mist rose before Jack's eyes. Obadiah Sweo'tcomfort dend I And to meet his denth in so horrible a manner. Jack remembered well tho awful peril he himself hnd escaped. At first a SQrt of oxultntion camo into his mind, but ho quickly repressed it, for ho felt it wns unbecoming n ninn, much less a Christian. But there was other business in hand, and great as was tho impression this had on' Jack's mind, ho almost forget it in the prospect of meeting Bertha nnd his father. CHAPTEll LXH. Aft«i long j cm h wn meet again, Novi'i'lopait. Sonow ib past, biippy fates icigii, Iloni t of my em 1 1 Biitllinti, pool cuing moitul, slinying On death nud lifes'b confinu; ?- Long in Iho lnud of lifo delaying, A diflbront Into is tbino I ' Now, God, in mcicy mid in kiiidncM, .Upon thco pity hnvo, And imrdon thco thy sin mid blindness On this sido of Uiu'grnvo. With a boating henit Jack found himself in Willow- street. Ho would onco more seo her he loved so dearly ; ho would clasp her to his bfeiist, and thenceforward thoy two would nover bo parted until death loosed tho silver band. How tho blood coursed through his veins ; how bright visions of happiness in store rose beforo him, to vanish like shadows when tho sun of reality shone upon them. But. this would nr 1 do ; time was passing, and the soul of tho guilty man from whom ho expected to learn so much might hnvo fled while ho was waiting nt tho door. Ho hnd n duty to discharge to Berlhn, but he wns also under obligation to tho dear dead ; and when all enmo to nil, Jnck felt tho gentle visitings of tenderness when ho thought of his father. Ho had boon a bnd man; he had cruelly used Janet and himself ; ho had been a drunkard, a gnmbloi, a bpcmltliiif t ; jet, aftei all, was ho not his father ? .-Hardly daring to breathe, Jack knocked nt tho door. Thcic wns a pnuse. It was not until ho knocked ngain that a stop was heaid within, and then tho door was slowly opened, not by Bertha, however. Her father stood in the dooiway, peeling out in n childish way. Jack felt shocked when he saw how gieatly altered wns tho once imperious Mr. White. Time hnd wrought groat change in others ns well ns in him, nnd hnd brought woe to more than Jnck. It was not long before Mr. White recognised his visitor. An infantile smile of pleasure passed over his face, and extending his skinny hnnd, ho spoko kindly, as if ho had forgotten, nil that had passed between them. 'Bless mo, Jack, is that you?' said ho. ' What a long time you've been away. Hord ing your flock, no doubt ? And how's father nnd mother ? Where's Spot ? I've not scon him for d long lime.' Jackjookod at him pityingly.- He sa*,y at. onco thb great calamity which had ruined his' fortunes had affected his mind; Now it wns thnt ho understood nt a glance the lioublc nnd sorrow of poor Berthn — alone with an idiot father. He felt thnt instend of mooning about Grit, lamoriling his fate, ho ought to havo put his 'hnrid to tho plough, nnd helped Berthn. Biitiwlint was tho use. of vuin regrets for tlio past? The futuio was all he hnd to look lo now,- und thnt. Xuluro would bo assured if human endeavor was of avail. ' All,' said the old man ; 'you'ro wonder ing where Beitha is I Sho'h just gone out to look . aftei* tho ilock, and won't bo a miuuto. Come in and sif down. Jack, we've lost Lassy; she took bick of the distemper and died. Lassy was a good dog, Jack ; sho knew almost as much as I did.' Jack Was not of an emotional nature, but it; was as much as he could do to keep down his leais. Ho had nover expected to find so toiiiblo a wieck. But, after all, was Iho old man to bo pitied? Pool babbling Lear, was ho not at least unconscious of Iho tcnible icalitics of life ? Tho' handle of 'tho door was now turned. Tho blood rushed back to Jack's heart; his whole boing deemed paralysed. There at tho door stood Bertha — Bertha, beautiful as over I Not the grand and glorious goddess of old, indeed ; but a lovely, fragile being ; sorrow in her face, poverty in her aspect ; but invested With n benuly thai was e\en moie il resistible, more touching, than the beauty of the past. Sho looked nt her father first ; then she saw Jack.*! A bhoit ciy, a half jojous, half blaitlcd exclamation, and he? head was on his breast, her hands around his neck, her lips to his I It was the happiness of years crowded into the experience of u minute 1 He held her in his arms ; he kissed away the leaib that flowed down her pale, languid checks. Ncithei spoke. In these fow moments ' tho misunderstand ings of years, tho jealousies, fcais, bonowb, of their youth vanished, und Wore forgotten. Heart wnsmerged into heart; their, souls be camo one. True and full nnd perfect lovo wns thchs. As a ilash of sunlight clcais up the darkness that has long hidden nature, bo this gleam of true love al n sliokc dissipnted the mists thnt hnd bo ( long prevented perfect union. Blessed moment I Hnppy me tho=o who ha\o known such an cxpciicnco; it lepajs the sufforing nnd anxiety of ycuis; it gi\es a 'pleasure that othenuso could not be obtained. Tlio '-'.-path to tho sweetest- ofltaoy is often through sorrow. As ho who has thirsted and hungered long almost thanks his abstinence for a now delight, so did they derive from the bitterness of tho past fresh sweetness I Tho old man looked on in childish delight, rubbing his hands with glee. Tho busiest part of his lifo was now n blank, and for him there was no recollection of the trying scenes of hiu later days. Ho thought of Bertha and Jaok us only a boy and girl, and tho idea occurred to his mind that when thoy were grown up they would make a splendid pair 1 'In my happiness, deaicst Jack,' baid Beitha, 'Iliad cntiiely foigotten youi poor father. His life is fast ebbing, nud you must lose no limo in seeing him. Evidently ho has some dreadful confession to make, nnd until ho has told you nil ho will not be ut enso.' 'Where is ho?' nsked Jnck. ' In the next house,' replied . Bertha. ' There is a girl attending him, and Prudenca Macinnis is there. I have sent for a minister, too, but your father will not listen to him.' ' Prudonco Macinnis,' said Jack, now wonders breaking in upon him. ' I thought she was dead years ago.' . ' She is still living,' replied Bertha ; ' but it is a long story, and I'll toll it to you to morrow. .In the meantime let* us mako all haste.' And taking his hand sho led him out. Jack hardly knew what to think of all this. In a moment tho whole secret of his life soeinod- unravelled; Bertha was his; Hector Mncinnis was in his hands. What -mystery surrounded Prudeneo'B existence? .-?;? CHAPTER LXIII. Bunukum, upon whom death hud now set his indelible stamp, was in tho act of draining off a glasB of brnndy, which hnd been given him by Prudence, who herself showed evidences of sharing with him, when Jack entered. His eye caught night of his son immediately, and ho uttered a strange cry. ' Como at laBt,' said he, ns if grently relieved. ' Como to seo tho old man die.' ' I hope not, father,' snid Jnck, in n tender tone, for in tho presence of death all his anger at his unnatural parent's past conduct died awny. ' I hope not. Wo will be able to make you strong by-and-bye.' 'No fear I' said the dying man, in his old slangy wny ' My time's run ; my shift's up, and I hear the Great Manager calling ino to co'mo for my wages. Wages 1' he cried, with n terrible laugh, 'And such whges. Jnck, you don't know our manager ; ho pays in very hard coin.' ' My good man,' said thb minister, a grave personage of reverend aspect, ' The wages of sin is denth ; but nt the eleventh hour the greatest sinner may return.' ', Pooh,' said Bunnkum, who now seemed strong nnd hearty ; ' don't talk to mo that kind of stuff. ; I talked too much of it in my old time not to know its vnlne. Do you think when I've been working for tho devil every shift during tho year, I can go nnd claim my wnges off the Almighty for n few minutes' spell on Now Year's Eve ? Not likely.' The minister and the listeners shuddered. ' You shouldn't talk that way, Bunakum,' said Prudence, whimpering, taking a sip at the same ' time ;' it all comes through your not taking another drop.' ' No, no,' said the old mnn, ' I'll havo no moro just now. I hnve something to do. Whore's tho magistrate 1' ' Here,' said a policeman, who wns stand ing by, nnd n gentlemnn advanced ? to the bedside. Tho policeman took pen and ink. ' Whatever statement you havo to make,' said the magistrate, 'bo as clear as pos sible.' ' Yes,' said Bunakum, ' I'll be clear enough, I warrant, clearer than will bo good for some peoplo. Jack, como closer to mo.' Jaok went nearer to his father. Tho others gathered, round in a circle. Prudence seized tho opportunity to devote herself to the brandy bottle. She argued that Bunakum would require little of it after he had mnde his con fession. ' Jack,' said Bunukum, ' You remember the night when you fished me out of tho creek at Grit, don't you ? Well, after you'd left I fell in with a follow — ho wns afterwards killed nt tho Southern Cross Company's mine — and he treated me, which was welcome, seeing tho drenching I'd got. After that somehow or other I wandered down the street. I don't know why I went that way, but I did go. It was a queer night, tho moon breaking, out of lho[elouds nccnsionally, and thewinds moaning through tho trees liko ghosts talking. When I came opposite where Janet's tont was — you know, Jack — I heard loud talking. *I listened, and sure enough, it was your mother and Hector. ' Thoy were talking in an excited manner, but as everyone was away, looking after tho flood or drinking in honor of the occasion, there wns no ono to hear them ex cept mo. And I wish — I wish I hadn't hoard them. It might hnvb' been better for us all. But I hated her, in my way, which wasn't much, for so long as I got a glass of liquor, I cant say I had much bad feeling for anyone. Still I had n sore ubout the way she'd cut mo,' and it gave me a sort of pleasure to henr her quarrelling with him. I suppose it's natural. So I heard her accusing and threatening him; and bitter words she used, very bitter ; but they were truth,, and that made them the moro gulling. Now nnd then he'd speak, and I shook in my shoes for fear he'd know I was round. I crept a bit closer, and getting be hind a stump, watohad them. He was sitting by the table looking as black as a. thunder- cloud— you know how black he can look, Prudence?'' -? - ? 'Don't 1 1' was the interrogativo reply of Prudence, as she hnstily put by Iho untnsted glass.- -1. .'.;.'' ''-.-' ? .' ? /.-.''???? -.. : ? '.' Well, ,'by-nnd-byi it seemed ns if ho could stand it'.h'o longer. Ho stood up looking bo terrible, ;thnt I felt a could sweat breaking out all over me, nnd I shook like a leaf— as I do ripw.'-'-'Stop this- talk,' said he, 'I've had enough of you and I ani resolved never to see you again. If it wasn't for the law I'd kill you.' 'Do,' says your mother; 'I'd sooner be, dead than live as I do now. But if you leavo inc, you shall never marry another woman. You've told me your past life, and tho world will know it to-morrow.' You aught to have soon him then. If ever I Bnw a dovil in human shape it was Hector at that moment.' It was terrible to see Jaok just then. His fnco wns pnle, his eyes Unshed with excitement, his brenst henved nnd fell. At lust tho long wished for revelation was nt hnnd. ' Ho stood stock still for a few minutes,' continued Bunukum, 'and then ho said bet ween his teeth : ' Fool I was to trust a woman 1' For a bit, ho seemed to hesitate ; but all at once he mndc a rush al Janet and caught hold of her by .tho throat. O I the dreadful things that followed. I heard her give one cry, then there was a sound of struggling. When I looked again ho was kneeling over her. She never moved. Ho got up and turned his face towards me.' Jack's emotions oould not bo controlled. He sprang up, his face flushed, his eyes darling' lire. ' ' Peace, peace,' said tho minister, ' Delay not the confession that seals the doom of the murderer.' But. it was not until Bertha took his hand in hers and soothed him, that Jack was quieted. Then he sank upon a chair and burst into tears; The picture' of his mother's murder was riiore than ho could beiu\ It was as he had so long thought. ' That face I' cried Bunukum, himself now dreadfully excited, ' I've never forgotten that face. It was not tho faco of a living man — it was tho faco of a corpse. Ho glanced onco more at your mother, and rushed out of tho tent. I don't know how it was ; just then I lost my head and jumped up. Ho saw mo at onco. I felt ns if I,d been turned into stone. Up ho enme, his eyes nfiro. ' You saw all this ? I couldn't speak ; I dropped down on my knees. ' I will lull you too,' ho said in an awful voice, and ho caught me by tho throat, but I found timo to cry out 'Hector, don't kill mo ; I'll never say a word ubout it. I've boon your true friend, nnd I'lL nlwnys bo. You wero provoked to do iti' He stopped then, and I pleaded in every way I know, for when your life's at stako and you seo a chance of escaping being euchred, your tongue loosens a bit, and mine was always ready. So, after a while ho seemed to change, and especially when I told him I had as much right to be annoyed at Janet ns he hnd.' Jnck made a fronzied movement. ' Now, now, my boy,' said Bunakum, ' don't bo rash ; consider tho peril I wns in. God knows I'd nover hnrin Janet ; I never harmed anyono but myself. So ho made mo swear a terrible oath; and there and then pio ? mised never to seo mo without money. And he's faithfully performed that promise. But I dou't want his money now. I've had enough of it. Tho moro I got, the moro harm it did mo; I never kept it. When I know death was coming I couldn't rest until I hnd told nil, nnd to you, Jack. Janet would como every night to my bedside, nnd there, she, would remain, until I had promised to speak out. But when the day came I always. wont back on it. Then slid would oomo'with nun- ?? dreds 'of , horriblo beings and mako mo promise again. And she's been here to night,' up to the very timb I finished. 'Now sho is gone, and with her all thb horrors. I feel bettor now, better, better I' ... It was very easy to seo, however, that the temporary excitement which had borne him' up ' wns dying awny. Imagination had so far tormented him by calling up torriblo images, but now thnt ho hnd lifted n load off his mind she let him rest. ? '?'.?' 'Is that all down in black and white?' asked Bunnkum, fnintly. * '?; . ? 'It is,' replied tho magistrate. 'Now , ' sign.' '??'.? ' . .' ' ? Bunakum signed. It wns a strange signa ture. At his best ho never, pretended to . write a good hand;, but the cnligrnphy on this occasion wns more than ordinarily hiero glyi-hical. 'You've not explained,' said Jaok, ' how Bridget O'Hogan and her husband becamo. mixed up in the affair.' Bunakum winced. ' Hecter's fears alone made them danger ous,' saidho; ,' Bridget O'liegan sawus coming from the direction of Janet's place, and of course had she said all she could have said tho circumstantial evidence would have been : strong. But you know them times, Jack. We; gave a good explanation to our friends about Bridget's seeing us and they arranged to give the old couple a few shiners to keep them quiet. But it was a bad investment ; for they never ceased to perseoutb Hector afterwards, arid though ho told thorn they, knew, nothing, yet ho always gave thoni money. About their death I'd sooner say ..-, nothing; it's about tho only thing that weighs heavy on mo. I could havo saved them.' ::: ' I feel so ensy now,' said Bunakum, ' and you, Prudence, can bear witness to a great ' deal more.' ' ' ' ' -'? ^. 'That I can,' was the ready reply. 'Ho' rehearsed the scene often enough' in his dreams ?? by my side. A small drop old- \' ? man ?' ? ' ': 'Yes, yes, I'm tired out,' said Bunakum, taking a glass ; but it fell from his nerveless- ' hand. Prudence put another glass to his lips and he drained it off. ? ' ' , 'Jack,' said Bunakum, in a low voice; ' you're young yet. Take nn old man's ad-\ ,. vice and never taste a drop of drink. You ' sec what it has brought me down to.: You know I might havo been rioh, respected? and happy, only for my fondness for drink. Don't be lazy ; that's the father of all that's bad.' ... Jack did not reply ; ho was thinking o£ the course ho would adopt to bring Hector Macinnis to justice. His lofty position would prove nn obstnele, for who would believe such a . terrible accusation against so eminent a man ; especially when the principal accuser was a half lunatic drunkard. He was aroused from his reverie by n cry frbnj-' Bunnkum. ' I believe I'm going,' snid he ; ' it seems as if I was nil water, and I'm sure I haven't taken much of that stuff.' - : ' Shall I pray ?' asked the minister. . .' If you like,' said Bunakum. ' The lights are going out fast, .and- the drive's: getting very 'dark. I seo a lot of people. There's Harry, und Jim and Joe, all dead years gone by. Look out boys; the old ?? man's going home to meet you. He's lived in Grit until everyone's forgotten him. But you know me, old friends, old pals, in the great digging days when gold was plentiful. It's mighty dark, though, and tho bar is hard, very hard — all sandstone. Miners of Grit the old man's goinghomo! homo 1 and the tyrant' will havo it all his own way, up .in his pleasant palaco on tho hill. Strike, men of Grit! Strike hard 1 thorock'sgoingl thoro'stho light of tho candles. Ah 1 Is this tho Beef?' ' And Bunakum was dead. There was one person who 'did not witness his. death, Prudence Macinnis -had 'slipped , out of the room unobserved.' ': ''?/[{ ? '?,. '\, p CHAPTER ;LXrvY,. . ?'; - A fearful. explosion;- a blast as of a great , f urnaco ;. a sharp and terrible pain— and then followed unconsbiouBness. Wlien Obndirli woke to life ngain, it was to find himself cold and danvp, surrounded by a thick darkness, the air having a thick sulphureous smell. No ' sound broke on the car ; there was a terrible stillness. At first tho man gnzed helplessly into the gloom, ns if expecting to boo there tho awful spectres of another world, and tho flumes of torment. Bjit gradually his senses awoko to the real situation, and it wns with n thrill ing joy that ho found himself onco moro in the land of the living. How ho had escaped in that tremendous convulsion ho could not think ; it was sufficient for him to know that ho was saved ut least from immediate death. Perhaps', nfter nil, an outlet had been left ; and and oven if there was an opening, the minors might bo able to save him, as thoy had saved Jack. God might bo merciful to him. He would bo brought to light again, and then he would visit with swift vengeance the man who hnd betrayed him. In tho prospect of lifo the fears that had preyed upon him when ho had become conscious, died away, and onco moro hope, on her golden pinions, hovered around his head. What wealth and power would bo his if he once moro breathed tho air of heaven 1 He would novor moro risk his lifo again in a mine. But who could imagine that Snigglo Snickers, whom he had taken put of tho dirt, and raised to the position of manager of tho Hesx-crus Extended, would havo turned upon him? In this delirium o£ hope, ho - thought ho heard the miners picking away at tho rook to release huri ; but in a fow minutes ho became convinced it was all imagination. A still more profound and fearful silence followed. The slightest sound would have been a relief, but.nono was heard. Ho now tried to raise himself, so that ho might search for an opening whereby to escape. But tho slight movement ho mado, caused him to.shreik, and tho hollow cavern resounded with cries liko thoso of tho tor mented in tho abode of! doom. His legs nnd arms wore brokon I Terror now mastered this wretched boing. -. Ho uttered cry after cry, scream after scream ; ho called and called; ho implored mercy, assistance ; ho prayed in his agony to heaven, nnd'vowed that if his life wero saved ho would devote it to tho Beryico of the Great Being, whom ho hnd despised. But thoro wns no answer save thocohoes whioh mocked and jeered him. On every side arose tho spootrbs of those ho hnd ruined and wronged, gibing and mocking nt him. Could his fnco havo been seen in that thick gloom what a pictuio it would havo mado of that of one of tho lost ones in the Hall of Eblis. But no oyo could ^ ?joe him, no ear could hear his cries. . Ho was soon unable to cry or movo ;- the loss of blood had completely exhausted him. For a time, indeed, ho gasped out incoherent appeals to heavon, to men, to demons; pray ing and blaspheming by turns. Then Naturo refused to assist him further, and ho shrank back into the gutter, where ho was lying, a, helpless clod. (To be continued.) ? ♦ ? - Two millers thin, , Culled Bono nnd Skin,. ,? .Would starve us all, or near It ; But bo it known 1 \- To skin and Bone, That flesh and blood can't bear! it. , —Byron, 