QYQHñudimg with Q&ttta;* BY AN OVERLANDER. THE plains on Gongol Creek, in the north-west, were grandly luxuriant with wild carrots, oats, and barley grass, in the summer of 1860, and water plentiful every- where. The " gilgig's " were full, and fringed with nutritious herbage, on which the bovine tribe delighted to browse while knee deep in the water. The days were warm, the evenings pleasant, the air pure and exhilarating. A camp on the plains was delightful, and the cattle were so full-fed and con- tented that we had little trouble in gradually drawing them into a large angle of the Gongol Creek, the course of which was so level that miles of continuous water- holes were to be found within its comparatively narrow banks. The water was deep, with steep banks in the angle Ave chose for our camp, and it afforded a fine stoppage for our herd. Short stages, good feed, and quiet driving, had taken much of the Avildness out of the cattle, so that Ave could turn our horses loose and round the drove up on foot ; and what Avas more in accordance with the love of romance in youth than freedom of the bush, good horses to ride, and IIOAV and then an exciting chase after a clean-skin ? At night the camp in the open air seemed to induce sleep to the tired drover, after six- teen hours Avork (or rather, Avhere Ave Avere now, plea- sure), Avhen not on the first watch. On the night of the folloAving episode it Avas my luck to be on first Avatch, half-Avay across the line from bank to bank of the creek ; so, after the cattle settled down quietly in their natural sleep and cud-chewing, I and my mate lit our Avatch-fires, tAvo each, as our beat lay from the general camp- fire east and west, one each near the Avings, and one half Avay. One of those often-seen graves in the bush, where some unknown and uncared-for wanderer had found a resting-place aAvay from all kindred and often from their knowledge, was right across my line of watch. Although 1 had seen some dozens of graves in similar positions which had not excited my thoughts previously, there was something about this one that fascinated me, and I could not help looking uneasily at it every time I passed. My spirits Avere kept up by now and again having a chat Avith my mate on the other side, and also by seeing a fire a short distance up the creek, where no doubt some one Avas camped, but still that grave Avould not go out of my mind. The night Avas still, close, and everything Was calm, so that one could hear the breathing of the cattle as they , lay spread apart in the thinly-timbered "buthad " and willoAv corner. Towards the west a thin, black streak of cloud had appeared just in time to cover the sun before he disappeared beyond the horizon. Dim sheets of lightning glared occasionally as this streak of cloud rose and spread wider, darker, higher, in the sky. The lightning flashes gre AV brighter and more frequent, from which T augured that a storm of terrific force was breAving. I kept careful watch at the fires,' piling them .Avith Ávood, and placing a lot of small sticks edgeAvays into them, ready to throw at the cattle if they made an I attempt to force a passage, as this was the best method of staying them. Still that grave almost haunted nie, and as 1 passed and re-passed it T could not help casting a suspicious glance over my shoulder at it. I suppose it Avas the dull, sultry atmosphere consequent on the rising storm that depressed my spirits, but from whatever cause the anxious regard for the silent grave had taken possession of me and I could not throw it off. About ten o'clock, and not long before my watch Avas up, the cloud had risen high, eclipsing numberless stars, and darkening the air, with the lightning splitting in forked flashes across the sky, the winds rushing (yet in the distance), and our cattle rising one at a time Avith uneasy sniffs and instinctive moanj telling their neigh- bours to be. watchful. One by one they rose, each giving his stifled moan, till the tAvo thousand head were walking uneasily in their camp. The wind sounded nearer, the lightning flashes illumi- nated the heavens in quick succession, the thunder- peals rumbled nearer and nearer ; large drops of rain fell at intervals ; the cattle walked restlessly from one side of the camp to the other. I roused the sleepers in the camp (our eight mates) who rushed from their blankets to bridles, thence to where the horses AV ere, and in a very short time Avere back to help to block the cattle. I and the other watchman.kept the herd in check till the full fury of the storm Avas upon us. One minute dark as pitch, the next light as day, rain falling in torrents, the cattle rushing straight towards my wing, sticks cracking, saplings falling with the force of the huddled rnob. NOAV a flash brighter than before shewed me the heads of a hundrëd bullocks making straight and running toAvards my line and going to Avards the grave. The storm had knocked all thoughts of my pre- vious bugbear out of me, but when I saw the cattle rush madly toAvards, and stop dead opposite the tomb, when the lightning flash brightened. the darkness (I Avas about fifty feet from the grave at the time), my nervousness revived. , I saAv the cattle leading prop just opposite, sniff the air, and reel round the outside of the mob, and gallop headlong back. I dare not look in the direction of the grave IIOAV, although I could not leave the ' spot Avhere I was. Whoops., shouts and fire-sticks, checked our charge at , the other end ; back came the infuriated bullocks, also some of my mates to my assistance. Bellowing, gal- loping, their horns breaking in dozens, came the mob ; the thunder rolling, the rain falling in torrents, the creek running bank high. Again the lightning flashed,' almost betAveen me and the cattle, and again I saw the bullocks' glaring eyes fixed on the grave, their heads erect, and Avith fierce aspect ; they SAverved to the bank of the creek, dashing through the Avater in mad career, splashing, belloAving. Now gaining the other side they charge across the plain, followed by others, till not even a lame one was left to us. All this time I was riveted to the spot, not daring to ; turn and look at the quiet tomb of a departed fellow- ; creature. With what delight I hailed one of my mates : as he nearly rode over me in the darkness, but we could do nothing now till day-break. À flash of light- ning lit up the bush for half a mile round, and I saw the cattle in the distance for an instant, but my mate had not time to see anything, for his horse was facing straight for the grave, and the instant of the flash he gave a snort, reared, swerved, and his rider lay at my feet, the horse galloping away as if mad. I stooped to raise the fallen one, and to see if he was hurt, and fancying I heard a voice I looked round, and there, at the head of the mound of death, stood a figure in a robe of white ; I dropped my mate's head, and stood paralyzed for an instant. The lightning again shewed me the figure, and in my horror I roared more from fear than bravery, " Who the devil are you ?" A voice in answer came back, " Is the chap hurt ?" I knew then it was no ghost, but I was very queer over it. The man who had been camped up the creek at j the fire I mentioned, had made down to my fires when the storm was on, and had reached the spot where he stood just as the cattle were rushing, and there stopped, thinking it best not to speak or come towards me, sus- pecting 1 kept still so as not to make the cattle worse. My mate was not hurt, but had received a stunning, and soon recovered, when we went to the camp to make the best of it till daylight. Our visitor was encased in a white blanket from head to foot, to keep himself dry, hence his ghostly appearance. We got all the cattle in the morning with little trouble, and the frightened horse was caught, but he anxiously watched the grave now and then while we were breakfasting. The storm lasted about an hour, but I lived my whole life- time over again during its term. I never let on to the others about my ghost for some time, when the circumstance amused a camp circle when we were far away from the spot. 