ROMAN CATHOLIC MISSIONS, NORTHERN TERRITORY. In all the Catholic churches in the diocese of South Australia, on Sunday, April 16, a pastoral letter, of which the following is a slightly abbreviated copy, was read. It will be seen that it is proposed to establish Roman Catholic missions at the Northern Territory under the charge of the Jesuit fathers:— The pastoral letter of Christopher Augus- tine, by the grace of God and favor of the holy apostolic see, Bishop of Adelaide, to the clergy and laity of the diocese. Health and benediction in the Lord - Dearly beloved in Christ -Ever mindful of the trust given by our blessed Saviour Jesus Christ to the suc- cessors of St. Peter, our Holy Father Leo XIII desires to bring the saving tidings of salvation to the poor benighted tribes of Africa, South America, and Northern and Central Australia. To the portions of our vast colony just mentioned we wish to call your attention, and to seek your charity in aid of the new mission about to be established for the poor neglected aborigines. We have ever felt it as a reproach that nothing had been done in this diocese for those poor souls "who are in darkness and in the shadow of death.' We do not mean to attach blame to those who have gone before us for we are all well aware that the heart of the Venerable Francis Murphy, first bishop of this diocese, was often moved to establish a special mission for the evangelisation of the tribes of this colony, of the efforts he made in the Tatiara district, and of his endeavor to secure missionaries for the work. The exodus of our people consequent on the opening of the goldfields of Victoria soon frustrated all hopes of undertaking the work, but on his deathbed he prayed that the mission would not be forgotten. From time to time some- thing was attempted, but the demands of the new settlements were so pressing on the limited staff of priests that very little was accomplished; but from the success of the late Father Henterocker's little mission near Clare we had every reason to hope that much could be done had we an organised band of missionaries to con- tinue the good work. Whilst, however, this diocese had not been fortunate in the efforts made, the church in the other Aus- tralian dioceses was signally blessed in the establishment of missions to the natives. That of Moreton Bay, under the Passionist Fathers, Maurice Lensioni and Joseph Snell, had done much until their efforts were frus- trated by the selling of the land adjoining the settlement, when, alas! the "white man's habits and selfishness brought destruction in their wake." The organisation of the Spanish Benedictines in Western Australia, under the auspices of the Mgr. Brady, first Bishop of Perth, has been blessed with the most con- soling results. Bishop Rudesendo Salvado has brought the native missions of Victoria Plains to such a state that it warrants us in the hope of the like success where settle- ments are made for mission purposes faraway from the influences of settlers, who too often by their sad example blight the efforts of the most zealous and self-sacrificing missionaries. In March, 1846, Bishop Brady was appointed Vicar-Apostolic of the settlement at Port Essington. He sent Father Angelo Con- falioneri, together with the Catechists, (Messrs. James Fagan and Nicholas Hogan) to attend to the spiritual wants of the settlers, and to establish a native mission in that country which now forms our Northern Ter- ritory. The vessel was unfortunately wrecked off Torres Straits. Father Confalioneri and the captain were the sole survivors of that expedition. For three years this holy mis- sionary labored single-handed for the poor - natives. He has left much valuable informa- tion about their capacity for instruction and the prospect of an organised effort for their civilisation. He fell a victim to his hard labors in 1849, and with him ended the mission of Port Essington. The appointment of a bishop, it is true, was made for Port Essington in 1854, but the Home Govern- ment decided upon the abandonment of that settlement, and the bishop and party were destined for other fields of labor. We have ever felt a great interest in the native mission of North and Central Australia. The reports of the various noble explorers sent out by this colony since 1859 have impressed us more and more with our responsibility to to make some effort for the poor neglected aborigines. In our recent visit to Rome we met the venerable missionary, the Rev. Duncan McNab, whose labors have been so fruitful in the colony of Queensland. His reports of the visits made to the confines of our colony towards the centre of the conti- nent not only endorse all that others have written of the tribes, but gives the additional assurance that a mission awaits the church in that portion of our pastoral care. With the band of priests heretofore at our disposal we could not think of undertaking such a work. After long and prayerful consideration the Vicar of Christ exhorted us to make an effort to secure aid from some of the religious orders to help us in this work. He praying at the same time that God might bless the undertaking, and reward those who would aid us spiritually and temporally in so holy an undertaking for the greater glory of God and the salvation of souls." We rejoice, therefore, in making known to you that God has graciously blessed the beginning of our efforts. The Fathers of the Society of Jesus have taken up the mission ; nay, more, that the Diocese of Ade- laide is singularly favored in having from its priesthood those who are so willing to sacrifice themselves for an undertaking so full of labor and trials. The Very Rev. Antony Strele, who has labored so piously in this diocese for the past fourteen years, is appointed the superior of the new mission. The Rev. John E. Niebaur, the zealous pastor of St. Mark's, Port Pirie, has also been accepted for the work. In the steamship Amalfi we expect the Rev. John Francis O'Brien, a native of our City of Adelaide, together with two young Australians, who have also engaged for the said holy work of our native mission. We confidently appeal to your charity, and ask your aid to establish this mission. If you have much give abundantly; if but little give also a little. The outfit of the missionaries, passages, farming implements, &c;, necessary for a settlement will be at once required, as it is desirous to start ere the rainy season sets in. We purpose, for some while at least, to make the neighborhood of Port Darwin a centre of operation, then towards the Led- wick river, and thence we hope to keep communication with the mission of Western Queensland, which places are looked upon as good centres of the tribes. But this is a mere preliminary plan, that circumstances may cause to be changed as soon as the missionaries enter on their work. Our Holy Father, Pope Leo, has sent us a special benediction on the new work. 'May the Grace of our Lord Jesus be with you, and the charity of the Holy Ghost. Amen. Chris- topher Augustine, Bishop of Adelaide, Octave of the Resurrection of Our Saviour, 1882. 