Lonten Lectures by the Archbishop of Sydney. SIXTH AND LAST LECTURE. {From the Urpresa.) [_roxcLunKi).J Let us now carefully examine the evidence on which the great fact of the Resurrection of Jesus rests. It would almost seem as if our Lord, feeling how much, indeed, how everything depends on the acceptance by the world of "this miracle, had, intentionally, so pre-ordained events, as to make them wit nesses, with the most surprising ingenuity, to this great fact of His really having risen from the dead. Every possible kind of objection, except such as are very insane, is met. The care taken in testing the truth of Ilis death ; the jealousy with which the tomb, and the large stone at its mouth were guarded ; the rising whilst the guards were there; the nine diil'erent occasions, on the one same day, on which our Lord appeared to different par ties, and the totally different temperaments of the witnesses—all this, taken as forming one argument, presses so forcibly on the mind that, in common candour, every honest man, unless preternaturally darkened, is bound to accept the conclusion which in evitably follows from it. I must beg of you to follow me whilst I submit to your con sideration the proofs to which I refer. First, it is proved that Christ really and truly died ; next, that he was buried ; and, thirdly, that He rose from His burial place. Joseph of Ariinathea petitioned Pilate, on the evening of the crucifixion, to let him have the body. Pilate sent for the centurion to find out if our Lord had really died, and had not merely fallen in a swoon. Having' made sure of this, the body was assigned to the petitioner. The body was taken from the cross with all rever ence and love, and gently placed in a new rock-hewn sepulchre, which had been pre pared for Joseph himself, not very far from Calvary. Having performed the friendly office of laying the body amongst spices, and rolling fine linen round the sacred members, the mouth of the sepulchre was closed by a huge stone being pushed against the aperture. This our Lord’s death was solemnly witnessed to by the centurion ; and Joseph of Ariina thea so disposed the body that the eternal rocks themselves should defend it against any unlawful attempt on the part of Jews or Gentiles to remove it from its resting-place. But this was not enough. To still more strongly prove that the body could not have been snatched away by evil men, the custody of the tomb was delivered over b> those whose interest it was to stave off any pre tence at a resurrection. The Jews persuaded Pilate to have a guard placed about the tomb,, to prevent any tampering with the bod)7 on the part of the disciples, and others of their school. See, in imagination, the sepul chre hewn in the rock ; look at the huge stone at the mouth of it. The only possible way of moving the body is to roll away the stone. Soldiers are guarding it. They have put seals and fixtures upon it. If ever a body of a man was safe, surely such precau tions as these would keep Christ’s body safe. How, early on Easter Day, the women who loved our Lord with an almost Divine affec tionateness hurried, with the precious spices they had prepared, to offer the last loving services to the wounded and bruised body of their Redeemer. Their only thought now was, how to move the stone away ; for they knew, both Marys, and Salome, and Joanna, that Joseph had had it placed there with a purpose. If these women—imaginative women they may have been, and, l dare say, were—had been looking out for the miracle of a Resurrection, it might plausibly be argued that they imagined what they hoped for. But their own anxiety was about getting some one to move the stone out of the way, so that they could get at the body. In place of the stone which had, amidst shocks of earthquake, been tumbled on one side, they saw the tomb open, and angels sit ting in it robed in white. The angels told them to inform Peter and the Apostles that Christ hail, according to His promise, risen from the dead. Here we have, in these women’s testimony, a powerful evidence of the llesurrection. They go to the tomb with their minds failed with one thought, they de part from it, forgetful of their spices, with their minds on lire with the very opposite thought. “ We took for granted he was still lying dead, he is risen ! Let us hurry off: to tell the happy news !” Now take the distinct witness of Mary Magdalene. She, no doubt, was filled with a passionate love of her Master and Redeemer. Her heart was broken at his cruel death, and at the solitariness created by so irreparable a loss. Her mind did not revert to Christ having exercised Ilis Divine power—to the possibility of His hav ing lifted Himself from the death Her one oppressive thought and eager cry was : “They have taken Him away, and I don’t know where they have laid Him”—showing how her mind was fixed on the dead body of her Master, and on the thought of how helplessly it lay in the power of those who had stolen it, and hidden it away. Suddenly Christ appears before her. So little had her mind reverted to the possibility of His coming to life again, that, though he stands before her, she, whose heart is full of Him, does not know Him, and says imploringly to Him : “ Sir, if thou hast taken Him hence, tell me where thou hast laid Him.” It was only when our Lord opens His blessed mouth, and she is struck by His well-known voice, that she recognises her Master. She, then, hurries off to the Apostles and says : “ I have seen the Lord !” Now this is very singular. Had Mary Magdalene been on the lookout for the Redeemer, what would her testimony be worth in the eyes of sceptics ? Fortunately for us she is looking out for the dead body, and a revolution had to be effected in the bent of her mind to bring her to recognise the very opposite of what she was looking for and asking for—the Living) Christ in place of the dead one. Again : There was, in the days of our Saviour, a little village called Emmaus, situated some eight miles from Jerusalem, the exact site of which is now a matter of uncertainty. Early in the afternoon of Easter day two of the disciples set off from Jerusalem to visit this little place, very probably down-hearted ! and broken on account of the frightful catas trophe of the ignominious death of their Master, and the collapse of all their hopes. Their minds and imaginations were fixed upon the thought that all was over for them ; and that they must, for the future, live upon the thought of the past. As they were thus thinking and sadly conversing, our Lord drew near to them, and joined their company, and said : “ What are these discourses that you hold one with another as you walk, and are sad ?” Their sadness is a proof of how little they dreamed of Christ’s Resurrection at that moment. Then the two of them told the stranger how great a hope they had had that “Jesus of Nazareth, who had been } mighty in work and word before God and all the people” would have redeemed Israel, im plying, as is evident, that their hope had, by His terrible death, been wholly disappointed and upset. They then went on to tell the story of the women finding the tomb empty, implying that they imagined some one had robbed the grave and carried the body away. As to a Resurrection, of that no shadow' seems to have crossed their minds. They were filled with melancholy at the thought of Christ’s annihilation, and no room was left for any more cheering anticipations. Christ, in His own loving way, reproached them for want of faith, and displayed before them the prophetic teachings of ancient seers, who foretold, from Moses downwards, the Birth,. Passion, Death, and Resurrection of the Holy One. This mutual confidence knit the three together. The evening was drawing to a close, and the two disciples besought the Stranger to stay with them. When at table the Stranger “took bread, and blessed and brake and gave to them.” This opened their eyes at once, “ they knew Him now, and He vanished out of their sight.” [Luke xxiv. 31.] And looking on one another in amaze ment when He had gone, they said to one another, “Was not our heart burning within us whilst He spoke in the way, and opened to ns the Scriptures?” Now, I ask you, when the- witness of these two disciples is added to that of the women, does not the evidence for the Resurrection become very strong? The last thing these men would have thought of was the Resurrection of their Master. So fixed were the}7 in the thought that all was over, that they did not know Him when they saw Him, nor even recognise Him, as Magdalene did—for women are far sharper in such things than men—by the familiar tones of His gentle loving voice. The blessing and breaking of the bread opened their eyes, and then they at once knew what it was that had made their hearts burn with a Special fire within them whilst conversing with their Saviour on the way. Here, then, we have the women and two men compelled to witness, in spite of them selves, through the force and pressure of overwhelming circumstances, to the Resur rection of Jesus Christ. Take another and a still stronger proof. The Apostles were sitting, ten of them together, with closed doors, for fear of being assaulted by the Jews. Suddenly, without any door or windowjjbeing opened, Christ appeared in the midst of them. They recognised Him at once. Now, as if our Blessed Master were determined to leave us an incontrovertible proof of His Resurrection, He permitted ThoiHRS, who was absent on this occasion, to doubt the word of the ten when they declared to him that they had “ Seen the Lord.” Eight days pass, the disciples were again together, the doors being closed. Thomas being this time present, Jesus suddenly appeared in the midst of them, and Thomas, against his own preconceived notions, was compelled to ex claim, “ My Lord and my God !” Our Lord made Thomas feel with his fingers the marks, of the nails in his hands, and obliged him to put his finger into the spear wound in His adorable side. Could anything he more con clusive than this ? The man who violently refused to believe, except on certain harsh conditions, is compelled to fulfil those condi tions, to believe, and to exclaim that Christ is God. Again : See Peter and six others fish ing in the sea of Galilee. They had toiled all night in vain. In the midst of the morn ng dew Christ came and stood on the shore. They knew Him not. .He asked if they ad caught anything. They answered no. He ■ordered them to try again, .and then it was that Peter knew Him. “ It is the Lord !” he cried, apd dashed into the sea to get at His Master’s feet. Here, again, the seven were not drawipg on their imagination, so little were they .anticipating a visit from the Risen 'One that they only then recognised their Master, when he recalled to their minds an old miracle that lie laid wrought for them at the beginning of his ministry. Finally, He is seen by live hundred disciples at one time, who were on the GaliWan mountain with the eleven ; and their witness, addeci to that which has gone before, completes, so far, the proofs accorded to us in behalf of. the Resurrection of Jesus Christ. Let us summarise for one moment the position in which we stand. , It is proved that Christ, is really dead by the witness of the Centurion. The body js placed in the solid rack,, and a stone is rolled against the opening. Guards .arc placed to watch the tomb day and night, and th,e stone is sealed for greater security. These guards •are in the pay of those whose profound interest it is to stamp out all idea of a Resur rection. The women and men who had been drawn towards our Lord during His ministry are filled with great disappointment and downheartedness. They think and act as if all were over with them, and the farthest tiling from their minds is. the idea of a Resur rection. If the body is gone, it has been stolen. Magdalene does not know Christ when she sees Him, and is forced to acknow ledge His presence by unquestionable proofs. The two disciples going to Emmaus only see who He is on His blessing and breaking the bread. Seven see Him as he presents Himself in the midst though all doors were fastened. Thomas will not believe the word arid witness of his fellows, and he, too, is compelled to acknowledge, by coming into physical contacts with his Master, that He is IIis Lord and His God. Nor did Peter and the six fishermen with him know their Master again till he had forcibly recalled His memory -by reference to a stupendous miracle. And finally, as if the whole world should join in witnessing to this great dogmatic fact, five hundred, atouetime,arefavoured with a vision of the risen Jesus on the mountain in Galilee. 1 might add that our Saviour appeared to St. Peter on another occasion [Luke xxiv., 34 ; 1 Cor. xv., 5] as well as to St. James, and to St. Paul. St. Paul’s words are these :— “ For I delivered unto you first of all, which I also received, how that Christ died for our sins, according to the Scriptures, and that He was buried and that He rose again the third day according to the Scriptures, and that He was seen by Cephas, and after that by the eleven. Then was lie seen by more than five hundred brethren at once, of whom ■many remain until this present, and some are fallen asleep. After that, He was seen by ■James, then by all the Apostles. And last of all, He was seen also by me.” [Cor. xv., 8-8.] Thus St. Paul’s testimony adds special weight to that of those who went before. He must have been in immediate communica tion with those five hundred brethren who had had the privilege of seeing the Risen ■Saviour ; and the fact must have been very public wdien such large numbers were abso lute eye-witnesses of the great event to which they gave their testimony. Altogether, during the forty days our Lord remained on earth before His Ascension, He appeared no less than nine limes—(1) to Mary Magdalene [John xx., 17] ; (2) to other women [Matthew xxviii., 9-10 ; (3)to Peter [Luke xxiv., 34 ; I. Cor. xv., 5] ; (4) to the Disciples at Emmaus [Luke xxiv., 13 32] ; (5) to the ten Apostles ; (G) to the eleven, including Thomas ; (7) to seven Apostles at the sea of Galilee [John xxr., 1.-24] ; (8) to more than five hundred on the mountain in Galilee ; (9) to James [1. Gor. xv., 3-8] ; (10) and at the Ascension. All these witnesses, taken together, form a weight of evidence, which proves conclusively to the fact of our Lord’s Resurrection. 1 f such evidence as this does not suffice, what evidence will suffice ? What proofs could, by human ingenuity, be added to make the conclusion stronger? I cannot think of any. Farrar puts it well when he says, That “ on that morning the grave of Christ was un tenanted—that His body had not been removed by His enemies—that its absence caused to His Disciples the profoundest amazement, not unmingled, in the breasts of some of them, with sorrow and alarm—that j they subsequently became convinced, by I repeated proofs, that lie had indeed risen from the dead—.that for the truth of this b diet they were ready at all times themselves to die ; that the belief effected a profound and toted ehangein their character, making the timid courageous, and the weak irresistible ; that they were, incap able of a conscious falsehood, and could never have had power to convince the dis belief and ' regenerate the morality of the world ; that . n this belief of the Resurrec tion were built the still universal observance of the first day of the week, and the entire foundations of the Christian Church. These, at any rate, are facts which even scepticism itself, if it desires to be candid, can hardly fail, however reluctantly and slowly to admit.”" And, indeed, the Apostles at once acted on this profound, I will not say belief —for they saw—this absolute personal knowledge of theirs, and as if risen them selves to a newness of life, they preached, and died in witness to this glorious triumph of their Master. St. Peter, in proposing that a successor should be chosen to take Judas’s place, said :—“ Wherefore of these men who have companied with us, all the time that the Lord Jesus came in, and went out amongst us, beginning from the baptism of John until the day wherein he was taken up from us, one of; these must be made a witness with us of bis Resurrec tion.” [Acts:., 21,22.] You see bow ex cessively careful the Prince of the Apostles is to mention the qualities the new apostle should possess, and the main reason for selecting one at all. He should possess a full personal acquaintance with our Lord from first to last, from the Baptism by John to His Ascension into heaven. And the reason was, because a witness bad to be chosen who could himself testify to the miracle of miracles, to the Resurrection of our blessed Saviour. Pull of this great and glorious event, St. Peter, standing up in the midst of the Eleven, lifted up his voice, and thus spoke to the Jews :—“Ye men of Israel, hear these words, Jesus of Nazareth, a man ap proved of God among .yon, by miracles and wonders and signs, which God by Him wrought in the midst of yon, as you also know, this same being delivered up by the determinate counsel and foreknowledge of God, you by the hands of wicked men have crucified and slain ; whom God hath raised up, having loosened the sorrows of hell, as it was impossible that He should be liolden by it. For David said, concerning Him : ‘ I foresaw the Lord before my face because He is at my right hand that I may not be moved. For this my heart hath been glad, and my tongue hath rejoiced. Moreover, my flesh also shall rest in hope. Because Thou wilt not leave mv soul in hell, nor sutler Thy Holy One to see corruption.’ . . Ye men, brethren, let me freely speak to you of the Patriarch David ; that ho died, and was buried, and his sepulchre is with us to this present day. Whereas, therefore, he T 'as a prophet, and knew that God ‘had sworn to him with an oath, that of the fruit of his loins, One should sit upon his throne.’ Fore seeing this, he spoke of the Resurrection of Christ. For neither was lie left in hell, neither did his flesh see corruption. This Jesus hath God raised again, whereof all we are witnesses.” [Acts 11., '22-32.]. ^What language could he stronger than this { St. Peter .gives his bold witness to the Resurrec tion, reminds his audience that they knew from personal experience of the “ miracles and wonders and signs” Christ had effected ; declares that he anti his companions were all witnesses of Christ’s Rising, and confirms his words by quoting the splendid prophecy of David concerning the Holy One who should never see corruption. Again: On curing the man lame from his mother s womb, St. Peter said : “Silver and gold I have none; but what I have I give time. In the Name of Jesus Christ of Nazareth, arise, and walk.” When the people were “ filled with wonder and amazement” at this miracle. St. Peter said to them: “Ye men of Israel, why wonder you at this ? or why look you upon us, as if by our strength or power we had made this man walk? The God of Jacob, the God of our Fathers, hath glorified His Son, Jesus, whom you indeed delivered up and denied before the face of Pilate, when he judged he "should be released. But you denied the Holy One and the Just, and de sired a murderer to be granted unto yon : but the Author of life you killed, whom God Farrar, vol. ii., pp. 433-4. hath raised from the' dead, of which we are witnesses.” [Acts m., 12-15]. By this ser mon, which bears on it the face of bold and fearless truth, St. Peter converted five thousand men. The wholesale conversions created a terrible commotion. Next day the princes and ancients and scribes and the high priest Annas and John and Alexander, and many more, came together, and setting the Apostles in the midst demanded of them “ By what power, or by what Name have yon done this? Then Peter, filled with the Holy Ghost,, said to them : Ye princes of the people and ancients, hear . . ho it known to you all, and to all the people of Israel, that by the name of our Lord Jesus Christ of Nazareth, whom you crucified, whom God hath raised from the dead, even by Him this man standeth here before you whole.” [Acts V., 4-10], AY hat stronger witness could be given than this of St. Peter who makes use of the miracle performed in Christ’s Name to urge home the great fact of the Besunvction before this fierce assembly pi; the mightiest of the Jews? St. Peter take^^t as much for granted that Christ did rise from the dead as that the Jews crucified Him, and put Him to an ignominious death ; lie does not hide Christ’s humiliation in witnessing to His glorious triumph over sin and death. Again : When set before the council and when the high priest said to them: “ Commanding we commanded that you should not teach in this Name ; and behold you have filled Jerusalem with your doctrine, and you have a mind to bring the blood of this man upon ns. But Peter and the Apostles answering, said : ‘We ought to obey God rather than man. The God of our fathers hath raised up Jesus, whom you put to death, hanging Him upon a tree. Him hath God exalted with His Right Hand to he Prince and Saviour, to give repentance to Israel and remission of sins. And we are witnesses of these things.”’ The Jews were “cut to the heart,” says the Scrip ture, by the bold and almost defiant tone of their glorious witness to the Resurrection of our Saviour, and “they thought to put them to death.” At all events they “ scourged them,” and the Apostles on their part, “ went from the presence of the council rejoicing that they were accounted worthy to sulfur reproach for the Name of .) esns.” [Act v., 28 41.] How full of the great vision of the Resurrection must not these Apostles and Peter have beer, ! It was like wine cheering and encouraging them, like some strong elixir bracing them up to suffer with joy and to think suffering even from the ignominious lash a privilege when home in witness to the doctrine of the Resurrection of their Master. Again. Peter on another occasion, opening his mouth, said, You know the word which hath been published through all Judea ; for it began from Galilee, after the baptism which John preached. Jesus of Nazareth : how God anointed him with the Holy Ghost, and with power, who went about doing good, and healing all that were oppressed by the devil, for God was with him. And we are witnesses of all things that lie did in the land of the Jews and in Jerusalem, whom they killed hanging Him upon a tree. Him God raised up the third day, and gave Him to be made manifest. Not to all the people, but to witnesses pre-ordained by God, even to us, who did eat and drink with Him after Me arose, again from the dead. And He commanded us to preach to the people, and to testify that it is He wlin was appointed by God to be judge of the living and of flic dead. [Acts X,, .“7-12.] Now take St. Paul’s witness as he spoke at great length on the Sabbath day in the synagogue of Antioch. After giving a rapid picture of the Scripture events down to the trial of our Lord, be continues :—■ And finding no cause of death in Him. they desired of Pilate that they might kill Him. And when they had fulfilled all things that were written of Him, taking Him down from ihe tree, they laid Him in a sepulchre. But God raised Him up from the dead the 1hird day. Who was seen for many days by them who came sp with Him from Galilee to Jerusalem, who to this present are His witnesses to the people. And we declare unto you that the pro mise which was made to our fathers. And to show that He raised Him up from the dead, not to return now any more to corruption, He said thus : 1 will give you the holy things of David faithful. Arid therefore, in another place also, He saith : Thou shalt not suffer Thy Holy One to see corruption. For David, when he Lad served in his generation, according to the will of God, slept ; and was laid unto Ms fathers, and saw corruption. But. He whom God hath raised from the dead, saw no corruption. [Acts xm., 28-37.]. St. Paul declares this dogmatic fact of the iZ^ction to be the hinge from which hangs the entire creed of Christendom. Bays to the Corinthians [Chap. XVI., 12- •] _ Now if Christ be preached that he aros®^1“ from the dead, how do some among you^say tha there is no Resurrection of the dead But if there be no Resurrection of the .fnhrisfbe fhrist is not risen again. And if Chris not risen a<min. then is our preaching vain and Sh is also vain. Yea. and we are found Lise witnesses of Cod ; because we have given teSm^v against God, that he hath raised Christ; whom he hath not raised up, up For if the dead rise ii;the dead rise not again. - . » j =« <ot a<min, neither is Christ risen again. And it Christ be not risen again, your faith is vain, yet in your sina. Then they also thrt Ire fallen asleep in Christ are perished. If m this life only we have hope in Christ, we are ot all men most miserable. Thus the proofs of our Master’s Divinity, so far as I have had time to touch upon them, are complete. The evidences and witness^, for tlm fundamental fact - ^ 1(|isenibIe„_ the construction of some great modern broad spanning iron or steel bridge, so interwoven in their support of one another, that no wedge or force of logic, or weight of reasoning, can make any impression upon them to endanger the cardinal truth which they support. .Just as such a bridge is especi ally constructed to bear great weights, and is all the more strung together with the pressure, so it is here ; in proportion as the arguments that uphold the great historic and dogmatic fact of Christ’s Resurrection are put to the test and the strain, so much the more bril liantly does their evidence stand out in in conquerable witness to the risen Lord. Now looking back to all that has been urged dur ing the past Sundays, looking at it in the light of Christ’s Resurrection, wo seem to see the whole career of our laird lit up, as it were, with a celestial glory ; and taking His parables, which were miracles, and Ilis miracles, which were parables together ; and viewing Him and them in the refulgence of this splendid bursting from the tomb, we are compelled to declare not merely as a matter of faith, but as a matter of sound unimpassioned reasoning, that Christ, though true man, is no less truly God ; and that, being God, His “ plan,”—that vast Spiritual Empire of which we here present form a part,—was founded and is maintained by Hat t-idfsamc power that lifted. .Jesus from the -o:.-0 