GRIT. A story of tho past and presont; of Ordi' nary mon and Ordinary things, In Ordi nary languago. BY DONALD CAMERON. AUTII0R O "1IN TIIHE OLD0 OF T'0 IIH SlEh"lT," "SIL0VERWATER DEND, ETC." "Be sure thy sin will find thee out." It ti a nentiful belief : That ever round our head Are hoverig oil wngl WtinOs,% Tie opirita of tie dead. CIIAPTElI LL-{(CorsT?uD.) Tihe lxt day as he sat ill the aisrmchair, thelm was a ring at the atle, and he saw Ihis daughlter crolme lip the path. In a few mollellntsa.sl ws ill hiss nnas. "])ear father, I've ruined you," oslh said, kneelc leg at hiso feet. "No, 0n, child," was tlhe dlreamy reply; "hlings nro il rilght; ihe reef'sobeelnaotrek. Thloy thooullt the (ocld mal hadI lolt all, fbt it's nonsenso; l'v jost struck Ilthe golde stlle." Ilertha looked womleringly at oher fathlr. "What reef, father?" she asked, ilspired with a coraln degree of lihe, "I thoughit you had soldl el i ell yuer slares." "Nl, sio," 1was the Illeo illgleos reolly, "tll Ieef's been stuck, bat they don't kno' It, so they ll1ik I'm nlioe?l. o anlihenl tili helep, Berthl. It's all right." And lie latghnl a feeble, fatuousa'lInugh, lerthla pat iler hands over Ier eyes. A Iit Sdawed on her ulld. Tile blow hafd Imoa tIat lihtvr'. lier father's rason was golne. 11er stll. lositin was rto Into. Mr. White had ih o0o day Irnvlmo r hellhos iTiobcilt, porssessel of the ildea that n gIldec reef tlna e l co solcki ii his elll I 'herl r0s little left of tlio wreck of lls fortune.' Blertha eaovhel hto a humble coltb e ipn lFotzonY aild for i hne sintemmed thIe lil of evil fortli.O ]lector lld o lln i pell ler, 1ad ondelvorel 'to make ler fulfil lher ,pr nlis; hot sleo refused to cr" 0e lihu agai.. Snhe tolhd 0in plainly thalt it was disolahonlom to attempt to gain her hond by plnmslng to assistlier flitllrot Iof finh dillnllltlie wltal he nonod nat. Thelr wis a1i evil lig lt in Ileofr's face as he tunled to go l but lerlot a bhad eoer knolnl I hanpier Illoea llt . True, hlo lil a trie lu fight oith tlthe lo i nrld lofore aIr, lt le se a0s yoelg nol birve, ad free. Was tldt lot eno ghi Bust lerthl bohmid lt thoat ellxni in o v110 s loey.hlealt Its illAy great city slue hod ii r read olllt. Ifiveryio wia too1e . ti mutih t1ke1 1Ip w0ith ll hIs 1v1,1I ?eacenlsi tno laro aolt Ils nelghilon' sorrow.s andctdl'.Iele?, it .f anyl" kind w.. scar., especially lor 1L hs , w tncw 1o1 trnle. l'rlhaIn this is nit -"erect; thlere was pleity of epiloyIcnlt, blut thnem '0a"s vrot iiilr iof lnpho lookilg ffter it. lier prido ?nnll iit allol tier fo seek help fruom tlosoe hde il il k pwi ia lette0 tlmis. tle mainer hi whlil they Iegleetnl icr soirved tlat ltliLLeatiolu ivoll have loon Ifnitless; 1 ad, after a va1n oig2gl, lt get. ittecrei.l lto orifa ll had to goI dl'IhlefactOlr. tao obmia work eoven tlero 0w. 'lnt[ 1110 bod fortlnllo wlhinloh hud fallen u01oll ie girle only brought to light til full streogtlh lf her cllha toer. Elm did not lino 1nd Inlelclt o ie pjlt 11er l ind to ile ploiugl, onl 'orked onl i thie Ilopo that soho would in timonn i oah to Iny oomcthlng by ond porlhps rise if. tile wOarlouse nod boconoo a oilenwooan. Nlec took every olportunity to learn, and gdt Svery ,'ell, although thl hard work unt cn. lltnt .o..lineclent tofl .?verely0 upon u ir fmiie. Still, til lil wno.s, not without' its llasiureo. It wns delighlitful to got out of the lctory wheyol sixo'oclock strteck, and" to go oole ulld Ipretom supper for herself nd tilia old Illoa, nd then sit ad sow and talk with 0oill ti .. eolling g. o had .co.plaetoly .ln 110-ow'; o uo'anhild and chlldlike, Ilia intubln, b'ege cilltilIllly about roefs and gold, uid oliilirenerinog I 0Ilock; lIb opilprcd to 1'a I?lay. under ilio idea tlhat Brtloln had tlen ieridlig th sheep all ,ly, and',ow ??g rloll h volle oerl1t what lyad bCcome oi LRsJy. For it time ]lertlh wasl puzzled low to secru Ilia being occupied and n.muscd durilng tlin long illl oog whco silo wals at work; hiit mlint sopi Lit upon th dol of taking i, to tha 0'ublli Lbrary, and after that le t?iu s ,l wayyc there regularly every dny, nt ile i li" hwit omcylio Library will reoelnber himol, aon old, cf-tlad d loo an of et al0d withered, witlh a hifWie l look of innoccnt enjoyment i hisa Oce. lil. fvoenite bay woo tatwl leri w.orks n gilot? are to l found, anlld hero Iohe would ny all day, ltudying siu anit mieralogy, e Ond nlasiolnlly opyilfg mLsages. 1fe nelied thoroighliy to elljoy thit life. CIAlI'LdIt LIZ. Boertha wos't never-failing soure ofu tlile to lir companio n0s in tile work.rooo. 'eltho y cam out.t. e" - . o toetlher t11ag i'i Ot.t lmo girls w.oud.hi get iI gostsip about their swvecetlheartso D r dIlily n1 l ey ' theya L "nvrewhoyo wif'hi tlely i\ld -be ntlo by youlng felloows who wvold cOort tbem iithilt tile sight of Iloleo, and make al'oiuntmnts for tile futuro. To be without a sweetheart, was to be out of thle world; and to the work-girl's imagination no term conveyed so nuch oppirobrium as ! She's Iot. no chap." That was the Alpha and Omega of reopronch ; tlmost vithering satiro. If,:therefore, a girl was unfortunate enough to lose her sweetheart, either througn a quarrel, hIis having taken up with another girl, or his leaving the counrtry, sho at once made haste to lay in a now stook, to escape the reproach of being swcethqartless. It pained Bertha deeply, to sce nmuh of what went on, the folly and heedlessness of her pompanions, who could be lured to their destruction by shollow but desighing fools; and sheo kept herself apart. -Yet siloh coirld soympathiso with the poor creatures. Shio could comprehend low veagerly theso poor overworked girls would accept any prospect to bo relieved fronm their inonotonous wearying toil. Almost anything scenoed better to them than thiso lavery-and how delighted they would be at tire chance of a honmo for themnoelves. Bertha paw the dangers of a great factory. A:numnber of girls, good and bad, were massed together, and tirhe bad had a baneful and powerful influence.. -It was almost impossible to sccape, especially when thoe flingr of scorn tvas pomnted at any girl who held out, and was spiritless enough not to enter into thle "fun." Besides, a girl who had only a beau in her ovni station of life was not thought niluch of- shol?dould pass in a crowd; but the girl who cduold claim to be regarded by a gentleman why, site was quite a queen. At first, the girls were disposed tochat llertha because siloe had no beau, but somcehow her sweet nature 'so wrought on them tlhat they ceased'to tease.' One or two of the girls, however, took it into tlleir hedads that Berthalhad a prior attach ment; and under this impression they tried to argue with her that, even if sheloved some one who was absent, that shouldn't interfere with a little flirtation, "just to keep her heart up," the girls said. But Bertha only smiled, and after a while she was let alone, at least, by tihe girls. But let it' not be'supposed that the youths of ielbourne, who are ever on tlhe lookout for something fresh, and study tirhe factory girls with a fervor, which if directed to books, would make tlhem the greatest scholars of the'age, could allow so beautiful a creature to escape their notice. Inecedl Bertha was'perofetly pestured with them. They hung about lthe door in the little laneo at which tire sewing girls went in anil oiut, and at six o'clock there was sure to be a young fellow waiting to pay court to tire "beautiful milliner." But in vain would he try every means of catclhing her attention; in vain hre would get the other girls to introduce him-Bertha passed on. " In maiden meditation fancy free," and the gallaint would whistle and repair to a neigh. boring hotel to. drink down tris disappoint ment. Although Bertha never heard of Jack now, his imago never left her mind; his name was engraven in her heart in letters too deep to be over ;erased. His face haunted her dreams, and rose up before oher when she was at her work. How often sho wept for him in tlhe solitude of her little room I How often tihe photograph he had given her when they had plighted their troth, was kissed and kissed in pasionateo rapturol HIow silo longed feorn sight of his dear face, if only for a momont. But days passed and time went on, and she never .lheard of lim, althoughll sho went occasionally to Gordon!oh Goth's, to readltheo Grit newspapers, in the hope of seeing hint mentioned. Shel wondered low it had fared withi him in the great convulsion. Somo. times her yearning becanme so great that she felt almost compelled to write to Jack-but her womanly'modesty stayed her pen. How deeply, truly, she loved himn, altlhough, indig. nant at the errors she thought hie had com. initted. Bertha might have struggled on and sor mounted difficulties had not lher father fallen ill. This was a great trial, as silo had to hire someone to attend him andl also to invest in little delicacies which soon made the slender purse run short; and at the simo we meet her she had hardly a oixpenco in the world, and, worse than all, this was her last day in tile factory. Siloe had been discharged, whly, no one kneow. Deep was the sympathy of the otler girls, and many tihe conjectures.. ]lertlia's tears flowed plentifully over her machine when shoe heard the cruel mandate, and her heart failed her when sieo looked into the future-especially when sihe considered that the fnetories were overstocked at that time, it being the slack season. Sloe did not know what to do. If no one can guess' why Bertha was dis. charged, we can. Tlhe second partner, Mr. Clnek, was a fine, handsolme man, of about thirty, who had worked'hlis way up to be the real bead of the firm. H "a had worked very hard in his time, and now thought he might indulge in a little of this world's pleasures. He thought he would make amends for his sterile youth, and after nlow years of twhat rhe called pleasure, mtarry and forget it.n l. However, the result was onoe thatoften occurs. "Pleasure" mastered hIim, and lie becano the slave of his own passions, the hardest master moen can have. Mr. Clack, who seldom saw any employes except the principals, chanced to get a glimpse of Berthlo one evening as hoe was coming out of the workroom, and iommediately the inflammable tinder of hils heart took fire. lle became impressed with the idea that he had ionver seen a beautiful girl until Bertha hind come under his survey. Of course he malde love to her at once, 'and was perfectly non plussed to find her impervious to all his soft speeoches and flattery. Shlo passed on without giving him an answer. To think that one of his sewing girls would do thiis 1 Why, he had never spoken to one of them before, who had not gone almostsinto hysterics of joy if he had deigned " to show iher tho' smallest attention,. tfr. Clack made a very poor dinner that oven. ing. Nit day, he charged the enemy again, but nwas coldly repulsed.- lie -didn't" know what was tihe matter. -lelo knew ho was dread fully in tlove, but how to obtain a more favorable result he failed so see. : Weeks toassed, and aitill hl was in thire same position, not one step more forward. : Il took counsel with his friends;and they advised hlmt to try difforent means; but failure marked tlohe all. Hoe even sent a splendid present to Bertha, with a' beautiful letter, composed by a young pressrant, vith whlom le associated ot Oliver'ri Caf6-thlat resort of thne fourthl cstate-but it fell fat, and tire present wnas sent baok. Driven to lis wit's end, Mr. Clack now took into his confidence a gentleman who was noted in affairs of the heart. His friend was ready with a remedy at once. Let the girl be dislcharged, te advised, and slanders circulated to proevent her getting employment elsowhore. fir. Clack oras hnloost completely deotoraliocol by the lifo toe bad led, asld thIe companions with whom ohe had associated; but this was rather too bad for him, so ho hung about Berthoa for another week, and went even so far as to visit tier; bet ho Wes very rudely repulsed. Thoen lur. Clack, ofter absolutely crying with vexation, resolved to use tite harshest measures, and, listening to the tempter, he procured tihe discharge of the innocent girl, not, hoosver, without suffermig sunodry pangs of remorse, whlichl not even a round of clhampagno could remove. CIIAPTERI LIII. tWhen six o'clock came, Dorhla walked out of Ilthe warehouse witlh ier companions, heavy at heart. Tohe thollghts of heor poor old father brought tears to her eyes. lSheo found many yoopathlos ers; anod somooe of tion girls soggested tflat they wooold givo hler ts nnlchl of tie worle ftooy used to tnkao onoo ortlo tlihm, as.thley coeld. hier hoeart overflowcd with gratitudf ito tihose poor girls, saed sie ?jisir?d sslteiith tl?ir aifcctiosnatelyz As it was winter, the isight had comeo, and ib wr s quite dark wheii Bertha 'walked through the Parliament Dleservo. She was sighing wearily, when someone touched her on the arm.. Turning round, she saw with alarm that Mr. Clack was by her side. His face wore a singular. oxpression,:'lalf shame, half determination. Bertha drew her faded shawl around her, and endeavoured to pass on. "Bertha," said Mr. Clack in a hurried un certain manner, " why don't you listen to me? I love you madly. I could kill myself for you. Love me, Bertha, and you shall have whatever you Qesiro.", - "Why don't I listen to you?" said Berths, turning her ftlce full upon him, "Ask that horrible eorlise that was laid on the olabs.of the morgueolast week. Once it was, called Bossy llansom. A few months ago shli was the merriest girl in your workshop; .now s he lies.in the grave, and who sent her there?" She looked into lis.cyes until he quailed, and shrank back. "Mr. Clack," said leitha, " you are a young man; and there is agreat futurd,before you if you choose. 'There are nobler aims in this wprld than thlse that lead you captive now." And she walked on, leaving the young man gazing after her stupidly. She had opened up to his mental vision .a vista of criue so terrible that it staggered him. Hle remembered poor Beosy tbo well, and for the moment tle was stricken ivith shame and remorse, and his better feelings, nearly lost by his course of life, began to return. But his passions were roused to the utmiost; and,whlien a man allows his passions to govern hinm, they drive hiin unrelentingly. In a few minutes he recovered himself, and resolved to stifle all the warnings of conscience. As le walked ,away, he began to doevelopoe plot that would, he thought, enable him to obtain a favorablo opportunity to urge his suit with Berthl. Hie could not then tell what ie would do, but he felt that lie must have Bertha, whether she would be lis or not. The scene that had taken place had not been without asritness. A gentleman, looking prosperous-and comfortable, had just come out of the Parliament House, which was lit up--the legislature being in session. He uttered an exclamation of surprise, and appeared intensely pleased. Hlis destination had evidently hein Bourke.-street, but now ie altered his course and walked after Bertha. This gentlemni was none other but Hector Macinnis. Be had lost sight of Bertha for a long time, and had given her up as lost to him for ever. !But nsow that he smet her once more, his love revived, and le followed her. He argued frozn hier appearance that sieo was not prosphrous, and from this entertained hlopes that he could easily win her. Thlilngs la prospered with Hector since we saw himi las. He,liad cautiously steered his bark, refusing to listen to the siren pipings of those who sauglht to lend him to his destruction. Steering a safe middle course, it seemed likely enoughl tlat ero long the uitnost extent of his ambition sould be gratified. It was with a sort of terror, however, that lie thought Jack might now be married to lerths, and that if lie followed her hoe might meet his old enemy. Still, the passion that was devouring hi led hlni on, and hie was soon alongside the poor girl. Bertlha was terrified when he accosted her; but regaining her composure, she soon let hint understand that she dslid not desirohis company. She did not even deign to speak to ]tim. Hector saw it was no use, and stayed behind. "Well," said lie, as he turned on Ihisl heel, " Those who will not do mi thing must be made to do it. I'll humble that proud girl before many days are over my head." - And Ie jeoiled the crowd in Bourke-street with a singular smile on his face. lie feared nothing slpw. iHe thought lhe was free as the air. CHA1'TElt LIV. Derltha found her father ailting in the ann chair, suPi'orted by cushions. Hle was very weak, and the pallid appearance of his face inspired herrvwith alarm. The nurse,'a great awkward girl, was dozing at the scanty fire, dreaming of the baker, of whom she had become enan?ored. The old man's eyes lit up with pleashre when his daughter entered. " Y'ou're lat to-nighlt," said lie; "lhave the sheccp been hard to hurdle? Sheep lire curious anilnls, and stubborn as nmles. ever mindil, qil, the crashing will soon be finished, and then you won't have to herd the sheep any ,i1or1 I" hBertha alnitot burst into tears, but desiring to keep from her father any evidence of care, she woke up the girl and prerepared ten. It was a sismple task. She put it few tea leaves into the pot, atil after letting it draw, poured out a cup for lher father, for, like all old Australians, lid was extremely fond of the beverage; and tlhen sie tilled the pot up with water, at whlil the nurse innately rebelled, although Bertha shared alike with her, A small loaf wan then produced, and st Lilli piutian pat of butter. The nurse soon made the loaf loklstill smaller, and shane alone prevented her from taking all the butter; but she might eave done so, for poor Bertha hardly sto anything. While partaking of this mneagre repast, two very different sounds disturbed the!air. A gay operatic melody, in which thie voices of women and men were joined, now 'and then swelled upon the air. At intervals low moans were heard, and oned or twice the shriek of a main as if in anguish. Bertha shuddered. After a pause, the notes of the pianoj broke the soience, and a prae tised handl poured out "Stride la tmlrulpa." Wthat agonising memories those strains brought back to Bertiha's memories. In happier days .the piano had been her great solace, and how often had alho played that beautiful air. - Strange, effect of musie l It scomes to play-upon the unsein chords-of the brain, and ticreato a harmony unheard but felt. Its'magic touches releases from the cells of oblivion the thousand memories that have slumbered as if dead; it wakes up the plhan toras of the past that lie in the deepest recesses of the hlart, until the spectral procession fills the eyes'withs synissthetie tears. But hark I the grand, thrilling air, by which Azucenn recalls the upward roll of the ilames that destroyed liher parent ceases, and after a few chords, the piano evolves the glorious brin. disi, " 11 segreo per rsser felici," suggestivo only of the glowing goblet, the festive dance, thejoyous caress of love; and a voice, a fine, sinly voice, rings again as it follows the symph6ny: " Il'segreto per esser fellel, 81'I pso 'Ivsl aIlgno agll mslel." hlertlin's tears had been cstealig down hier chelek prior to this, but now a ale flush came into hier faice, andl alarmn was lepicted on hir countenance. Shs recognised the voice- it was thlat of iMr. Clack. HIo know where ahle lived, andl had followed hler. It may be as well herIom to give some idea of the street in which Bertha, for tle sake of economsy, lived. It was ii one of tie leading suburbs, and was called Willow-street, be. cause a solitary speeoleen of that tree halt been suessfully cultivated by one of the tirst aetlers. tHe often basted he had ptlsted it rwhen the spot, snow so thicls y peopled, was a wilderneos. Dertha dwelt in a little brilck oven, which hlad becdL erected when litzroy was first ilnhabited. On one side of the house seas a large build ing, which was a boarding e.rtablislument nieh anlTected by the theatrical profession; indeed there were operatic stars living there now, which' aecounted for thie iusio. The 'oengsters ofthe neighborhood looked upon it as an earthly paradise. On the' olther side of ]Bertha's house was a wretched little weatherboard box, with the windows boarded up, the general aspeot being ono of desolation. oew had over. seen'the inmoites, who generally moved about in the night; but those who had been lucky enough to .catch a glimpse 'of them, avowed tthe place wvis n enahted by a hiaggard nmn and a palo, bedraggled woman. The latter was well- known to the barmaid at the Corner Hotel, who declared that she could not tell what was done with the beer slo purchased. Indeed, she was a valuable customer. It was froni tl)h hovel that thie groans were now proceeding. What a contrast I Gaiety, laughter, musio, on one side I 'moans and misery on the other. Bertha put her fathor to beds and after ro ceivjig his customary hiss, she returned to the little parlor, and sat gazing at the fire, pondering over theo situation, and trying to t?hink of some means of meeting her difliculty. Her disohargo was so uneipected, that she had been utterly unable to lay tup somcthing to keep herself and her father while soie w?s out of work. No.course that oshe ould thipklof was feasible.' ' Soon she followed the example. of the servant girl, who'had gone off to leuop, and dozed fitfully. In one of those does allhe saw Jack once more. He was standing with her on the hill above Grit, and their liocks were feeding, quietly in the distance, while Spot and Lassoi were playing together amongst the bushes. Suddenly Jack pointed to the ground, which began to oten, and be. neath their feet appeared a wall of snowy stone in which specks of rich yellow gold ap. -1boared. Solt music trembled through thie air; and looking up, Bertha beheld a beau tiful being, attired as if in' a veil of gold, gazing upon tlhemi with pleasure ini her eyes. But the vision faded quickly, and Bertha woke to find that some one was tnocking at the door. At first Beortha was terribly.. afraid; but when shte Beard a women's voice say, "Is anyone in ?" she went to thie door and opened it. A servant girl stood without. Bertha" at once recognised her as one of those oeu ployed at tile boarding house. "I believe you do osawing ?" said the girl. "Yes," replied Bertha. "0So they thought next door," said the do .mestic. " One of the Indies wants a dress mado up quick and sho told me if you likted you could go down to this address to-morrow and help in making it.. It's quite a grand affair; sithe wears it in the next play." Bertha hardly know how to reply. Certainly ste felt glad at tie idea of somo workl;'but then she reomembered that Mr. Clack was next door, and this inight be a mere attempt to enable him to have an interview with tier, and she doubted him ivery much. Indeed, shiofelt site could not listen to any words of love, however honest. Iler heart wasJack's. But thien shlo was so poor, and tlhe wage tile girl. mentioned war sillicient to keep tihe house for somo weeks, and by that tine, perhaps, hlto would have other employdtheot ; sto shaccepted the offer. Bertha wns revolving the matter in her mind when there was another knock, tand a very sweet voice said, ."Can I come in?" Bertha went again to the dooq and opened it. A beautiful womnil, handsomely dressed, stood there. Bertha . thought her lovely, but there was a strange look in her face, and she seemed to survey her viith a deep and' searching interest. At last she scemed to have satisfied her curiosity, and tuining her eyes away, Bertha heard herisigh. "Miss White," sanid the Indy, "I want to talk to you, it only for a few minutes, upon a .oatter that does not admit of delay." Bertha now. recognisoed her. Shie hid often see i her looking out of the windows of tihe boarding-.ouse, when she wns passing. She showed her in, pondering in her own mind what this eventful night would bring forth. " Miss YWhite," said the girl, "you do not recogniseo me, yet I know you well, and have knollewn yo for inany years. Then, however, you were in a vastly different position to what you are now, but," she gudded, "that has not altered you.". Bertha looked at her in an astonished way. The woman gazed earnestly at Bertha, and then burst into tears. "You are beautiful," she said, "inl spite of all; beautiful, beautiful. Al I I don't wonder now that lihe loved you I" Bertha began to wonder whether her visitor wvas deranged, and began to feel alarmed. "You maiy well look astonished," said the girl; "but when I tell yod who I am, you will wonder to more. I at Maggiol" A crimson flush ulffusdt Bertlla's cheek. Then this was the woman who had brought division between her and Jack, and who had made her cast himt oil. "Don't be uangry with me," said Maggio; "it's all over now. 1e never loved me. I believo he hated nto at last. I was to blame throughout. I thought I could steal his lveo; iut I only succeeded it giving to tmyself a life without. the slightest hope of the love that alone could brighten it." Bertha's noble soul was roused when sthe saw this poor girl aroused to such emotion. IHow well slhe could understand her--she wtho loved Jack so passionately and hopelessly herself. "Oht, yes !" said Maggie, "how nmadly I loved Jack, and he never returned it. Soe here," she continued, putting her hand into Ihei bosotn and drawing theiced a miniaturo; "this is all I hard left; it never quits my breast." Bertha looked at it. There was.the noble, handsome fltce of the boy they loved. Maggie kissed it with feverish ardor, and returned it to her breast. At this, Bertha's face flushed igain, for site could not keep down a jealous feeling. But, ronem bering the disastrous effects of her jealousy, sie strovyo to triumph over it. "Whant a happy, tloughtless life I ,lived," lid Maggioio'.uttil I metolthn. itleto my. wvholo soul coteentolted dte thtat hopeiess love." . Bertha did riot know .whnat to say.- She would like to comfort Maggio, but know not how to proceed. !' But it was not for the purpose of erying over imy lost love tliat I came her'to-nlight," said Maggio. "I canii to warn you of what' seemst to ime to mean you some peril." "low?" askedfl3irtha. "When I.left Grit," said Maggio-" then Jackl was lost to me-I was so wearied of being a barmnid, that I turned my attention to tile stage; being a good singer-you re tenmber I was a member of thie Grit Dramatic Club, and I have taken a fair position' here. I live in the next house, which is 'a great rcesortof tlhoprolesion. It isof course avery fino, place, and admirers of the stage coma lthere, atong wvliioi is a Mr. Claok,,a warohoso tan, whom I lavo noticed betlnd the sconoes. 1Io is at our- place now, andI noticed lim in graved convoration with Miss Demby, a boiltf6 inetress, whlose principles I doubt. Theoy uiut the servauti out to your place, and I surmised Mr. Clack had some end to attain. The girl was Ihere?" "Yes," said Borthln, lher face becomning nslly wvhitoe. " Have nothing to do. with theml," said Maggieo. "I am so vear)' poor," mnoaned llerthna, ' and the otffer of work weas nmost temptintg. I uaveo been diamise~fromt thu warehouseo- Mr. Clac'q." "I will bd your friend," said Mnaggio. "I sowa yeou reparation. I have inflicted suf fering and sorrow upon you, and aem I die I tust pay it back with intiereot." "No, no, Maggio," said Salertha. !' It ,was nylfault as well as yours. I was too oxaot nog-toujealous of a noble olan." . -And these two women, elchibeound togethler by the love of one man, clasped hands. It was easy to see, however, that poor Maggie suffered deeply. She know she could have no share in his love. Yet,. strange to say, at this moment the idea that she could do some. thing for him by succoring the woman he loved,, seemed to give her comfort and strength. CHAPTER LV.' Whileo the two girls stood clasping each other's liand; and thinking of the absent dear) one, steps were heard outside.' Both girls listened. , ,' h oic "This is the house," they heard a voice' Then all vas silent. " ldiss WVlite,' said Maggie, " I feel happier than I have felt for many a day at being of service to one poor Jak, so dearly loves. .My advice is to leave the neighborhood asqjuiokly and quietly as you can.-, I know you require money, but whatever yo;e:want I'll lend.; Let. me do that as some reparation.: Don't.deny rme the privilege of doing something for end I, have so injured,." "I thank you from my heart," replied Bertha. "I might have been even more jealous had I known you' were so noble a girl. I have dlon you alln inustiee." " Bless you for these words," said. Maggie, a bright look coming into her face. "Oh I no wonder he loved you, for you are, indeed, an angel." Another knock came to- the door.. Both girlsatarted. . " Is Miss White in ?'' asked a female voice. \- Bertha went to the door. Awoman with a haggard face, and dressed , in rags, stood without. .Both Bertha and Maggie gazed at her as if they recognised her. "Ay, you may stare," said the woman with a shiver. "You ought to know me. Don't you know Mrs. Macinnis?" The girls gave a start as it a spectre had appeared to them. - "Don't think I'm a ghost," said the creature; " I wish I was." "lIjpossible," said Maggie;;" Mrs. Jacin -nis died some time ago in the Lunatio Asylum ." ' " No, she did nqt," replied Prudence; for this was sho ; " it's a long story, but I haven't ;tito to tell you all about it now. There's:a man dying next dbor, whom both of you knowl" ." "Who ?'i asked both in bewilderment. "Dunakmn," was the reply. Both sthred. Reminiscenees of the past, in which this man and woman had played such important parts, came thronging through their minds. . Much as Bertha was surprised and confused, she could not but reflect what a narrow esape she had in not marrying IIector Maceinnis. She now saw that man in sueha repulsive light that she felt greater terror at the recollection of the look he had given her thrat evening than at Clack's persecution. What would be the end? "You wouldn't have a shilling about you, sweet ladies ?" said the'woman; "I just want to fetch a drop to comfort the poor old man before lie dies. Maggio pulled- out her,purse, and gave the crone half-a-orown. How her eyes glittered, and what a look of satisfaction came into her face. . "I'll be back irn a moment, and bring you to him," said' she and she darted to the hotel. "There she goes," said Maggie,- "seeking more of the poison that has ruined her and that wretched man." " How strange all this is, said Dertha." - "Nothing is strange in this world," was the reply. , " Look how soundly. that girl sleeps. She knows nothing of trouble. Happy, halpply girll" By this time the bundle of rags, whom we suppose we must. call a woman, returned, carrying a black bottle, out of which, how ever, sleo had herself partaken freely, for she. stepped lighter, and her eyes beamed. "Comen this way, Miss- White," sire said; " Oh, won't Bunakum be glad when he. sees the drink. It'llpumt life into him, and perhaps after all lie will get over it this time, although I doubt if he'll last the week out." She opened "the door, and the two girls entered the miserable hovel. What a sight was presented to them. On a stretcher lay a wild looking ,old man. Ills-features were pinched with famine, his eyes were red- and. bloodslhot, and his gray matted hair fell around his shoulders in elf. locks. His thin bony. fihgers clawed the air now and tlen, as he moaned in agony.: lie recognised the two women at once, and appeared to feel some relief at their presence. "Jack, Jack," said 1unakum feebly; "is hItowith you?" Bertha gazed upon the man with pity. She could hardly realise the extraordinary events that had transpired since she had first, seen .Bunakum.: Heaven: what a whirl of wonder ful changes and transitions there has been. To think that it had all come to this. "lie is not here," said Bertha. "hA,'; said -Bunakum, sinking back as if his last Ihope were gone. " Where is 110e? where is hoe? I must see my boy before I die. I must see hint and tell him all." " Derthla now remembered tile dark mystery that Ihung about this mlan-tlhe mystery which Jack had often told her it was his only desire to fathom. Oh I that he were here. " Gan't you send for hlim1?" said Bunakum, fretfully : ""He must come, for my time is short." "All righlt old man," said Prudence; "we'll send for hilm soon, for these kind ladies have money. But just to keel your heart up take a drop.?' -low his face brighltened when he saw Pru-o ,denre pour into it rtubler the dark brandy. Eagerly he seized it, his lhand trembling like an aspen. How his.'teeth 'lchattered l: But once he had swallowed the drought he seemed inspired with now life. " More, more," he asked. "No, no,"- said- Prudence ; " I'll give you' some by-and-bye ?" Hlo was not satisfied, and his eye followed 'the black bottle wistfully. Both Bertha and Maggio shuddered as they saw this. " This is the dnd of the drunkard," saiold Maggio to Berthn. "Yes," replied Bertha; "it should be a warning to all." " How unavailing l" said Maggie, with a sigh. "The demon is remorseless. What can we do with this man ?" Bertha could not tell. Her heart yearned to do something for her lover's father, fallen as he was. " Ho is dying," continued Mangie. " The best thileg to do would be to send for his son." "nIow could we send for lsin?" asked Berthla. . "I will despatch a messonger," said Maggieo. Bunnkuni vwas looking at them hin a rest less, troubled wvay. "Ah I" said hie at last, "no one carerd for thie old man nowe; his voice falls flatly on thie ears of all. DBut why? lecause tilhe ears that once listened to me are dust and ashes years ago. Yesl the miners of Grit are dead, and it is time thile old man was dead, too. But, send for Jack. HIe wants ven teance on Hector Macinnis; he shall have it-lh shall have it. lie wants vengearince on Obadiah Sweetcomftort; he shlall Ihave it ie sholnll. have it. Send for him I They come round me, tile spirits of thle dead and damned -and cry out for my company. Let him come before I join thie armnny that is rmrch ing on to .porditione. Old mates he round me; but\ they are noce in torment. 0, God I whlly am I not dead ? Death I hell I any N . ,thing, rther than this'!" And he shrieked in agony, and covered his laco ivith his hbnds: Vain effort; how can we shlit 'ut that ihich is Within ourselves I "This man hhsl some terrible secret on Iis mind," said Maggie?" and he mist ase Jack. Come Bertha, let us leave him.' Here, Mrs. Macimnis; tak'e this; it will assist you for a while." And handing Prudonice a'sovereign Maggie drew Bertlia out of the house:'. They did not 'notice-the chuckdole that wortliy gave.t As for Bunakum, he shricked when the girls lqft; but Bertha' soothed'hini with the assurance thiat le tould sot Jack soo n: S'Beritha found, her father up, in 'a very ex-. 'cited statoe .. ''. "What: do- you- think ?"'said' he: in sharp tones;,so very different fromlhii usual utter. 'ancc ; r' I 'dreamed that I saw that'wretch Bunnnakum come up to my bedside when I"mas asleep, and I heard his voice plainly. When I. wo'I thought I heard him again. Can li hereabouts, Bertha ?" '. ' SShe soothed him;innd: and waking 'up the !ruirsegirl, sent horto bedi Maggio' now bado hder good- night. : "Keep up your 'heart, Miss Whitd," she said ; "I will send a messago for Jack by the first train. All will be well." "Well," repeated Maggie as she went home. " Well I No, no, not with me. They will at least be happy, while I-I-" And her companions for the first time, agreed that Maggid was in very 'bad spirits. 'Bertha liardly slept that night." She knew that her position was one of great difficulty alhiiost' alone and.helpless in a great city with 'only one friend, and .that friend her former rival, Maggie. C APTEI LVI. Al, ito I his eyes once more Are gazig into mini e; But ahli not as of yore, 'No hopes for me there shine ; Like some poor blasted tree Wheno winlter's storms have fled, All verdant round I see,, While I ani bare and dead. 'li hbreezes eonme nal go O'er fiellds where flowers blo? ?; N o elango my soul can know, Flrxedl Is my dreary doom,. Of lope no tender leaf * My vitlhered branc chiishow'; . No flower save that of grief, No wlisper but of wm I " The fogs and mists of early morning'were hanging over the city, when a lady dressed in plain garments steopped on the railway plat form at Spencer-street, where the early train for 'Grit was waiting. A heavy veil hid her features; but the general appearance was that of a respectable middle-aged woman, who had seen much of this world's tdil. Yet she purchased a. first-cls s. ticket, which some what surprised the other passengers who were crowding round the little pigeon hole, whence a sleepy clerk, cursing the system of early trains in his inmost heart, was handing out tickets. Just as sho has purchased the magical bit of paper, a gentleman gave her a push, and thrust a five-pound note into the clerk's hand. The lady turned round and looked at the rude man. Her face flushed, and 'she quietly moved away, without, how. ever, losing sight of him. The woman was Maggie, and the domineer. ing gentleman Obadiah Sweetcomfort. He had filled out, and looked very comfortable, very wealthy. There was an assumption in hli gait, agenorallyindelpwidont swagger, that told all he was a wealthy man, one who felt he should obtain the homage of his fellow men, if he did not have their respect. Maggioe kept 'a keen eye on him, and noted 'the carriage he chose. She entered the next, which was unoccupied, and in a few moments the train sped away into the swampt with its rather small load of half awake travellers, who were maligning the destiny that took them out of a warnm bed at so early;an hour, to be jolted a hundred miles. Maggie was not "one of these; shle had been awake all the night,. and the burning fever in her veins kept sleep at a distance. In a few hours she would mecet.the man who was to lier dearer 'than life; the man for whom she entertained passionate but, hopeless love, which must remain, however, unsatisfied. She was going to him, not to plead her own cause, not to try and obtain his love, but to place him in a position to renow his love for another-to bridge the ocean that had separ ated them so long. And yet, did site regret tlhis? No I She knew that so far as ahowas concerned' the' bloom of life had passed away for ever, leaving the dull;, dead flower to fade into dust. But if she made him happy, if sihe contributed to the peace and joy of one who deserved his love, she felt that she would be doing what was hbet' duty, and laying the foundation of the peoed and rest that ever come from doing, our duty. Bertha had waklined within her better and nobler fel-. Sings., After a night of distracting reflection, of tears, passion, she had been enabled to see life in a better and less selfish aspect. There was to lier a kind of sublime pleasure in making happy the man she loved, even at the expense of her own heart. She was denying herself, and self-denial gives greater happiness than any other virtue. She knew that she must be prepared that'day to suffer unutterable anguish, to trample upon all the feelings 'of liher deep passionate nature, nnd to bear her. cross through the thorns and briars of self abnegation. Yet never for on imoment did sho falter in her purpose; no, not even while 'tears like rain fell from her eyes; not'vhen the demon stood before 'her and 'placed temptation after temptation in her way. She was struggling with her feelings when :sie 'chanced to hear. Obadiah Swceeteomfort'n voice. He had raised it, and the words could be heard in the no.it carriage. " The grounid's not muclf account," said ,ho; " that's right perhaps, but then it is on the 'line'of the Hesperus reet, and it may.turn out good' sonio time. But then you: know,' Snickers, that is not.my aim. I always have ia purpose. Jack Meldon is making\s living out of it, and I mean'to stop'him; ' You can't tell, Sniekers, how I hate that fellow. ' Ho has always been the black spot in'my life. \VWhen I was a' boy I, as boys ido, fell in love with old White's daughter, arid so didI he.' What do' 'you think? He struck mo once, and I ran sway. 'I'm ' a physical 'coward, and can't light, although' I wish I could, and 'fell in a puddle." They laughed at me; laughed at me. It rings in my hears to this day. Then when we grow up hlie disputed my sway amongst the miners, and foiled many of my schemes. But I could forgive everything except his taking Bertha from me." "You don't' mean to say,"' said 'another person, whom Mfaggie idenitified as :Sniggfle Snickers, "that youi go in for the melo. dramatic business, re-v-cnugo" · '?"' "Paughsl" said Obadiah,'" I don't think of thiit', I hate himnt. It pleaseon me to sea him doisvn in the dust, and I amt one of those who belieovi in having my way, no nitter .what others suffer." Sniggle Snickers nlauglhed in a short, dry way. "Yes," continued Obadialh, "I believe in gratifying my feeliugs; aud nicxt to a good dividend, tse abaseent of those1 I hate pleases moe best; and I do hate hint I and in making him suffer he hna afforded ne greater pleasure than, my best friends. Fancy I absolutely saw him without shoes to his feet, and withhardly a stitch to his back, and offres him money.' Fancy thisati The man wlo. lorded it in Grit one time. Whyi it was such a treat, that I never think.of it without rubbirig my hands."' AnotLler shlort laugh. ' ' '' 'I'?"?. ' ," When .I was up in Grit last time," coin tinued Obadiah, "I saw him 'orking in a, shaft 'on Scarecrow Hill, and at ozie ,tdokl note that the conditions hadn't been complied with, for there ought to have been two men at work, whlier there was only 6no; so I'm deter mined to juoilp the claim, and that's why I go, lp to Grit to-day. More, tlhan.that, I found out that'he was living with his old friend, the man you osupplanted, William Brown. I knew Brovn was mining manager. for thel Western leef Company, and I wet 'straight' to the bank and told the. manager to come ,down upon the claim. Old Ieecnman' was a little stubborn at first, but when.I told him Jack was kept at work through Brown being employed at the Western o eel mine; he agreed to do it at once." HIe hates Jack, too." "Yes," said Snickers, very drily,' "Jack made his fortune." "'And lie made mine, too,", said OObldiah with a' chuckle; "only it was in ignorance. But let's speak of bugmees.- I've'bought up all the Hesporue Extended shares now theoy aro'so low, and I want to start.a crosseut.tot, the west. I kniow there's a .reef in that direction. At all'events, I'll manipulate the market with your' ssistafice?; and raise the shares sulliciently high to'make a profit out of thiem." "How many havr you got?" asied Snickers. "Ten thousand and odd," was the reply ; I have them all hero in 'my pocklet.book, and I mean to hiave them transferred into my, name." "Then you've none in your name now." " Not one of these is in my name," was the reply; "I've only that i00 I always held to qualify me as a director, in my name. I'll step into the manager's ofllice when we get up, and hand them over. 'No; by-tho-bye, we must first make straight for Jack's claim, and peg it out." " We must go after that to the Hesperus Extended," said his companion; "for I don't know what change may have taken place. Thile underground manager spoke of water coming in plentifully, in his letter.' That's a sign the reef is near."' There was a pause. Maggio had listened intently to tlh conversation, and her face, made up as she Iknw so well how to render it impossible for Jack to recogniso her, flushed. If anything' gave her the horror of the evil passions of the world, it was this conver sation. It seemed to open up to her depths of vindictiveness and meanness she had never thought possible.. One thought engaged her mind, to save Jack. She thought and thought how she could effect this, but no scheme appeared feasible. CHAPTER LVII. At last the train steamed into Grit. Maggie sprang into the first cab, and told the driver to take her to Scarecrow Hill. As it was' not far from the railway stationsloe was soon at William's hut. What a-crowd of tumultuous feelings filled her breast as shio gazed upon the scene. Grit lay before her, hill and valley, streets and 'buildings; all apparently unchanged, just as she had seen them in happy years gone by. In the dim distance she saw tlle house where' she had lived with her mother on' the pro ceeds of her scrip speculations, and where Jack had so often visited, with its graceful cypresses clearly defined. She stood still for a little while, and let her feelings have f1ll play. Ah I what a thing it is to return to the home of our youth, and to be confronted with, the thousand memories that rise on every side, and move us to tears. The happy hours of careless girlhood,' the joys of woman. hood, 'the joys' and agonies' of her hopeless love, were at once present with her. Hun-. dreds of scenes in which she had taken part rose before her'mental vision. And now slhe was even worse than a stranger here. Tears, bitter, bitter tears;. rained down Maggie's checks, and sheelasped her hands in speechless agony. This was the first stage in tile drear journey of self-abnegation. SMastering her emotion, thrusting back into thie depths of her. heart her utter woo and misery, the heroic girl walked 'towards the hut. .A tidy, matronly woman was' knead ing dough, and singing cheerfully at her work. This gave poor Maggie another pang, she remembered when she, too, years ago, prepared her brother's dinner in just such a little hut, happy as a lark. "Is Mr.. Meldon at home?" Maggie in quired, in a 'voice suited to her apparent ago. "No ma'am," was the reply; "hlie and my husband' are at work in the claim upo there, but if you'll "sit down a bit 'I'll go and call him. You looktired, take a seat." And she carefclly brushed 'a three-legged stool, the uncouth workmanship of Jack.. " No thank you," replied Maggie, " I'll go up myself." "Well, if you'll ait tillI wiash tihe dough off my hands," said Emily, "I'll show you the way." This was done quickly, and the ewo walked up the hill. It was very trying to Maggio to hear Emily talk' so cheerfully. She seemed to be so thorougihly happy, so free from care, that it was absolute torture for her troubled companion to listen. When they reached tile claiih, William wasehauling up a' bucket of'stone. He soon shouted for Jack to come up, and in a few minutes he appeared. Again iMaggie lobked at lis dear face; again she saw the form that to her was all the world. He had altered indeed, but he was, if anything, handsomer, stronger, more of a man. There was tlle dignity of labor in his bearing, tile impress of thorough man hood, which even' his clay-stained, dress could not hile. For several minutes Maggio was unable to speak. Her heart beat convul sively; her face grow pallid, her tongue clove to ilhe' roof of lier mouth, and' her lips trembled. She felt as it she could have flung Iherself into hit arms, and died in his last embmrace. . : But she know that if her resolution 'was to, be acted' upon, she mtust not fail in the hour of trial,. and after a while. she mastered herself. "'I trust' you will excuse a stranger," said she in ' tremulous tones, very different in.' deed from the round full ibice thiit"Jack had been accustomed to hear; "but I come from a' friend of yours, who wants to see you and. at 'once. ' Miss Bertha Whlite ]has sent' me."`' It was' now Jack's turn to' tremble and grow pallid. Bertha White I It was like thel sound of tihe last trueipet calling the dead' and buried into life again. Bertha White I His head swanm, his knees knocked together,' his fingers cluched nervously. She was alive, and wanted to see him. Tben 'a great rush of joy careered thiouglh his hceat; visions of the woman ha loved so intently, through hIis brain. •Only for one minutoe. Soon he rememobered 'wher e he wa, and tile airy castles tottered into the dust, bearing with them Iis broken,. ruined'hceart. She lWatched hini keenly; she saw thei vary ing shadows of emcotion cross hIis face like clouds over a sky, and she knew that his love for 13ertlia was strong as ever. And csio poor Maggie-she was forgotten. It was wonderful how she stood the fiery ordeal. If there is anything more trying than another to a womans, it is to sec herself neg 'lected, while every thought is given to a rival. Bit her purpoose uverfaltered. OSho tran plcd upon hlr love witl an.almost savage feeling of pileascurd; wit ild hope thato tis sic slio nov suffered would bring a' roward of peace.' And wonderful to say, aftor a vhile, tlis brouglt to .her a strange peaeo and rest, suchses sbeisad hardly over lioped to feel in this world." : I (.To be continued) 