MABSIE. A wholesomo dread ot prolixity, temporod by a not unnatural doBire to secure my read ers' immediate and undivided attention, im pels mo to apeak out like a man, and confess, without farther reserve or otroumlooution, that this voracious chroniole is neither more nor less than the rsoord of as pretty a littlo love-affair asevor drew sigh from sympathetic bosom. Now, tho most interesting person age in a love-story is, beyond all controvorsy, its heroine. And the first duty incumbent upon tho narrator of such a story i» that of describing his horolno'in the moBt glowing language his pen can command. Well, my heroine's name is Mobile. And, as a f aoctioun young lady onoo informed tho soloct but lim ited social circle in whioh I havo the honour to revolve, Mabsic is ' tho short for Mab.' This last announcement may soom trivial to tho unobservant, but it is not bo ; for it givos mo the opportunity of explaining that my protty Mabsie was really namod after tho famous littlo potentate whose coachman was ' a small gray-coated gnat.' And why not ? No fairy that cvor donood in tho moonlight, in tho good old times when fairlos were as plentiful as blackberries, was half bo lltho, or half so volatile, orhalt so delicately fashioned as she Moreover, the circunatanoM undor which she first Tiocamo ' ono of n-' were, to say the least of it, unusual, if not exactly romantio; though the soone of their enact ment was just an ordinary matter-of-fact apartment in the Alexandra Hotel. To my temporary homo in that most plooft ant of metropolitan hostelrics I relumed, ono evening last summer, after a hard day's work in the reading-room of the British Museum, very tired, very much bored by tho perusal of a heap of grimy old MBS., and firmly con vinoed that the operation of dining could no longer bo postponed without gravo dereliction of a very grave duty. Determined to perform that duty to tho best of my ability, I knocked at the door of an adjoining chamber; des cribed my condition to a member of my family who seemed to mo to bo tossing tho furniture of hor room from side to nido with reckless impetuosity ; and paused for a reply. I received one, immediate, terse, and uttered in a tone of unwonted excitement. ' Oomo in, quick I and shut tho door.' I obeyed, of course; and, seeing throe chairs and a towl-horsc turned upside down In the middle of the room, proparod to restore thorn to their normal position : whereupon, a gray, brown, fluffy object, with a long, gray, fluffy tail, dashed past mo, like a comot, and vanished behind tho wardrobe. 'What, in the name of wonder, is that? I asked ; not a little startled by tho apparition and very much astonished at tho suddonnass of its disappearance. ' That in Mabsie,' said tho member of ray family. 'Do you think you could catch her ?' * I thought I could ; and essayed to move the wardrobe, which, however, proved to be so in conveniently heavy that I reconsidered tho matter, and rang for tho waiting-maid, who doclined to intcrfero,'on the ground that elio was ' frightened to death of the parrot,' Tho ' parrot,' indeed I Truly it is high timo that board schools were established everywhere Scorning the aid of so ignorant a domostlo, I gave another tug at tho ponderous structure and succeeded, after muoh painful travail, in moving it nearly half a quarter of an inch from the wall ; whan, straightway, tho fluffy mass darted over my head, looked down upon mo with woll-bred curiosity from tho top of tho bedstead, sat for a moment on tho handle of the water jug, knocked over a candlestick, and finally settled itself comfortably on tho mantelpiece. Blessing Fate for my opport unity — for I have already hinted that I was famishing— I now made a grab at tbo furry meteor ; and was rewarded for my pains with a volley of abusive language which would have left Mark Twain's bluo jays nowhere. As suredly, Miss Mabsie's education had not stopped short at the 1' rudiments' of invect ive. Tho -step from the mantelpiece to the win dow-frame beingji mere trifle of some ten or twelve feet, or thereabouts, Mobnio accomp lished it at a single bound ; and, seated on a convenient cross- bar, watched the movements of the carriages in Hydo Park with manifest interest. Then I bethought mo of diplomacy. My friend's open cage stood on a table cAoso by. I gently moved it to tho window, and, while she was engaged in criticising tho dress of a severely rasthetio young lady who occupied the seat of honour in a barouche on -fte opposite side of the road, my cautious relative and I succeeded in quietly elbowing her into her normal habitation. . . , . I now, tor the first tima/hiul an opportunity ?of observing tnfi* remarkable Voung person at my leisure ; and, truly, I no longer Biarvellod at her evident disapproval of her msthetic sister's habiliments. Her own garments were conceived in irreproachable tajrte, aud the1 form they clothed was perfect. Imagine -a little body, about as large as that of a fine full £rown squirrel, covered with soft fur, in 'which a thousand tints of gray and black sad orange Are so cunningly intermingled with each other th«t it is Impossible to describe the resulting ?colour by any generic term. Imagine a wee face, Ufa that of a dear little old lady, who has seen muoh sorrow, lot homo it -so bravely that it has in no wise dimmed the flash of her bright brown eyes, though tho -expression of certain sod lines around her pretty month is too pathetic to be misunderstood. Imagine in the middle of this little lady's forehead, » enowwhilepatoh.like the hiuuUau of a Sister of Charity'; and, on either side of her head, a rich black plume, so light that it looks as if ft 'breath wouli serve to disperse ft into infinite space.- Finally, imagino, in plaoe of the little lady's hands, two' delicate brown paws; in pbee of her higb-heclca shoes, two well-formed feet, strong enough to hang by head. down-, wards should occasion render «Hch a proceed ing desirable, or to sit npon, or to leap withal over a grand pianoforte, or a Japanese screen, or any other reasonable obstacle you choose to place in their way; in Ueu other train; pict ure to yourself a toil, 'longer than that appertaining to ihe grandoet efatt in the duit tau of the Marquis He Caracas, gray at one season of the year, and, at another, marked with alternate Kngs ot black tui cinnamon. Imagino all this, I eay, and you will be able to form a tolerably correct idea of Mabsie'* personal appearance; and will probably be prepared to hen that she is a marmoset— not of the common land usually sold in bird-ebops but of ti raver, more dolitnto, and uiotu easily tameable snecios, romarkablo for tho grace of ita movements, the gentleness of it* dispolU ion, *ad ihe modest propriety of ita demean our (when not provoked to put the bluo jayt to sUaino by the vollonoo' of its execra tions). Utbaie did not in tho loast mind being looked si. I think aiu- rather Ukoa it. When I offered hor * piece ot oako, slieput her right hand out of tho cage and took it, with tho air of ono who was not only privileged to .expsot polite attention, but really did expoct it. And she ato hor little morsel as delicately as the aatbetia young lady would havo atten an ioc wafer at a garden party.' There eon bo no doubt that that mite of cake oomonted our friendship, for good and. oil; for rm lnvo oovor, since I offerod.it to her, hod ? dispute Zn any subjopt whatever. Indood, tho look gave mo m ai pood as n bond of trace, 'scalwl, signed, and delivered. ? So Mabtle became ' one of us.' And wo took hor down to our quiet] country Jliomo, to Joining in the possession of so 'doUghlful on addition to our family circle Alboit, I roarot to say that her roooplion by oortain mettDon of that amiable confraternity wot not al together such as ire could haw dosirod. . Tiio truth is, wo— that is to say tho member of my family to whom I have more than onoo had occasion to allude and myself— live under a zoocraoy. And among tho zonorals arc oar tain dignitaries, who, not having boon oan aulted on this matter, took grievous offanca at tho want of proper respect shown to thorn by their inferiors. MissTonay, a blaokand tan toy terrier of exollod Lrioago, and such vary-exaltod-indeod ideas of hor own sovereign rights that a sarcastic friend ot mino calls hor ' tho homo-ruler' — MiasTopsy, tho beloved, the pelted, the spoiled, would not so much as look at our now friond. Mistress Cliloo, a nrinooss of tho Pug dynasty, did indood con descend to look, and orcn to sniff; but evi dently with no more friendly intention than that of discovering whether or not tho mass of fluff was good for food. Ab for Mr. Hollo, socing that bo Would havo found no difficulty whatever In swallowing euoh a dinner, oago and all, al a gulp, I thought it prudent to say nothing to him about tho matter ; hoping that in process of time it might bo ponsibh to strike out somo lino of polioy equally agreeable to nil parties. Meanwhile, thinking that Mabslc's limbs looked cramped after her long journoy, I took her into tho dining-room, and ml her free, for a run. A irroy-blaok-and-oranga flash darUd Instantly from, tho cage door to tho window curtain. Al tho sama moment) a bkokand tan flash darted from undor my chair. Bydirit of superhuman alacrity, for which lam not generally romarkablo, I succeeded in hooking ray finger into tho collar of tbo last-named flash, for— say half a second. By tho lima that half-raoond had expired, Mnlwio van unfa on tho ourtian-polo, looking down upon thd world Mow, with hor head on one side, as who should nay, ' Dear friond, you really must run faster. If you do not want to low right of the -ll|* Ul 'i'J tfUU *U UIU UII1Mt*IVVl llliblUUIfUII|', MisnTopBy confessed herself fairly vanquished, thu internecine foud camo to an end ; and all parties agreed to dwell together in peace aud Unity. Liko most npoilod beauties, Mabxio noon began to rIiow mgae of a temper delightfully capricious. One day, when a lady (to whom I bad imprudently described Iier no a paragon of affability) camo to-sro her, slio refused to put as much an tho tip of her nose out of bed until hor visitor had departed, whon aho immediately exhibited hersoif at hor bust— that is to nay, Bho ate up a whole banana, nnd tore my favorite pen -wiper to shreds, Hho will soruolimcs romnin inert all day, and rush about her cage in the evening liko a mad thing or be as lively as a nquirrcl in tbo morning, and rcliro to rent al noon, to reappear no moro until noon Iho next day. Hor claim to the sovereignty of the curtain-polo remaining undisputed, sho delightti in porching herself on its exact centre, and summoning all tho other marmosets in the world to her Court, by means of a ory, which wo at first mistook tor a whistle, though xubsajuont observation proved it to proceed directly from the lunfjn. This cry is very remarkable. Though miles above tho range of ordinary soprano voices, il is a true ' client-note.' A great musician — Ilerr Wagnor, for instance — would describe it as the five-times-markwl II, the pitch of which is an octave hlghor than that of Iho bighostG on tho pianoforte! Tho note is always tho same, and always repeated four linn*. Then follows a pause of a minute, or there abouts; then another fourfold cry, followed by another pause, and so on, throughout an entire afternoon. I am not superstitious. It taxes my credulity to believe that two and two make four. But I do boliovo that this cry is Masonic, and intelligible only to marmoset* of high intellectual culture; and I lived for a long time in daily hope of hearing somo Put Master of tho Higher Initiation reply to it. Wiser than ftomc of her human sisters, Mabsio never sings out of tune. When she is 'not in good voice' nho holds her peace. Bho held her peace so long hist winter that we began to fear that Bho must be scriou«ly out ot health. So I wrote to an experienced keeper at the' Zoological Gardens, and en treated him to prescribe for hor. He prescribed sponge-cakes steeped in cream, and hot house grapes. By dint of pcraoveranca wo succeeded, at that untimely season, in getting a very few grapes, at tho rate of threoponoe each ; and of these, oho condescended just to taste one or two ot tho best. Tho cake* and cream were more successful, and have ever sine* remained her favourite food. She likes a grape occasionally ; but, if disturbed while eating it, droops it instantly, and never stoops to pick it up. We thought, at first, that this was Docausc she did not really core for the fruit; but may not tho habit be traced to a still mote natural flauM?' A banana, 'dropped in the forest, fall* twenty! foot at b stretch; and it would scarcely bo worth while to run down after it.with a dozen1 bunches ot ripe fruit hanging withur reach. When Mabsio drops a grape, she doe* not stay to calculate the distance it as fallen, but Icayeft if to its fate, and holds out her hand for another. Still, there are troubles which neUhorgrapes nor bananas, nor even calms and cream' can cure. And, before very, long, it became so evident that our poor liltlo Mabsio lacked something, that we grey quite uneasy about her. At last, it dawned upon our minds that that something might possibly fce a mate. To nut the question to the test, we showed hor a looking-glass ; and her attempts to caress her own reflection within it were so pitoouily touching, that we determined to sock a suit able companion for her tho very next time we found ourselves in London. Alas I there was not even amarmosct *-f tho oomnitm white whiskered species exposed for sale in any shop we visited. In this sorts strait, the friendly, keeper suggested a visit to 'Jamrath's;'; where ho told me I was quite 'sure to get my money's worth for my nwney.'' So, I wended my way to the far East— «ot on the hump of. a camel, but on theknlfe-Doard of a Blackwall omnibus— and, in due time,' found myself in the famous naturalist's menagerie, where I. saw all manner of boasts, furred, feathered, shelled/and scaled; bnt, not eo much as the ghost of a pencil-cared marmoset. So I wai fain to content myselt with * promise of the earliest intelligence of eri expected consignment. Jfaanwiiiie, well Jmowing that no vulgar animal was ever permitted to set foot within; the sacred precincts ot Mr. Jamrach's vivarium I totimated myintensc desire to make acquain anoe with somo of its inmates; whereupon I was politely introduced to a blno-bird, a lion, an ocelot,* llama, a mongoose, a mocking bird, a tiger, a nonpareil, a bonnct-monlcey, ? lnugliiug-joclaujs, a dormlnqulrrcl, and a jer boa- . ' \ It nomriB Invidious to dojoond to particular* lii dateribioff a mmpatiy to Irnoly ioloot. Vet Uioro are distinctions, even among the crime ielacrfmtol tho very bout society ; and I bsd not been long In Iho prownoo ot thoso dintingulihed teprosontativos ot tho haute Mhlmt, before I found that my ability ton- - - siat their noductionn extended only to the first ten members of the ouaort fraternity. To tho charms ol tho icmalntng two I succumbed thoro and lliDti. Tho jerboa was limply irre sistible, with its pretty h&rc-liko; face, its great blAok-cyos M round as marbles, its dainty littlostilu, find tho black- and-white iutl, like a bundlo of silk, at the and ol its long' lltho tail. And tho dorsal squirrel ? Well, ita back was covered with soft Mack velvet, of a rich ness quite unejiproadiiiblo Jn these degenerate day*, though our groat- gnut.grandraotb()rj may porhapa havo worn Homotlilngmore worthy to bo compared with it. Its tMoa' woro of orango-oolourodjiatln ; and in place of a tail it wavod nbovolla back a glorious onlrichfoa thor, tinted with black and grey and richost tawny rod, in infinite gradations which would have dcflod the pencil of J. M. W. Turner him self. Yen ; to lluwo two cunning onohantere I lost my lioart on tho apot ; and, impatient to effect tholr ransom, I caused thorn to be sent (hat vory day, to my room at tho Alexandra, whoro, in duu timo, I retired to rest, with a eago at cadi end of my bod. I drcamoJ that a regiment of Happen and Miners from tho Knlglilsuridgo Hurrookn was sawing tho house to piocon. 1'ardon mo, 0 bravo JJifo Ouardx, if you can. Tlioru in no limit to tho foolishness of dreams. Doing only A lodger, I did not fuel myself called upon to Jntorfarc, until tlio nolso of somo hundred and fifty handoaws was auddonly succeeded by a dead silonco. Thon I awoko, in uume con fusion of mind ; and, by tlio glimmer of iny liighllighl, behold a million jerboas dripping about tlio room in every conceivable direction, Hueh a imillitudo of living creatures 1 never caw boforr ; not ovon in tho boo-liive. How ever, on lighting my candlo, I found that I had made a trifling mistake. Thorn was only ono jerboa. But that ono nosscsHod tlio power of jumping in a million different direclionn, and staring at mo from a million dinVivnt points of view, at ono nnd tho xamo moment. }li- nioromoDtmv'orDSonoJsfilofui, and );i» Inntt springs no inconoolvably rapid, that the tfTuct they produood was thai of a flickering shadow weaving ilH network from end to end of Hid room in chequered linos which croswxl nnd rccronsud each olhcr so nwiftly that it mado one's head fuel quite illzzy to watch them. Common rnnna assured mo thai llvo minutes of such ciorclno us Hint would BUfflco to tiro out tlio noblost-born imlioa that ever traoral back il« descent to the davit nf Pharaoh Nechn ; no I sat down on tho mdo of my IkmI, and miiclly awaited rcxullH. After tho lapsci of Uirec-quartoroofaii hour, my faith in common sense began to waver. Twenty mlnuU'N lulor 1 found it dfwirablo lo reject all evidence sava that based .upon axpnrionce; nnd, an tho ru nult I had awaited seemed as far diitanl an ever, I endeavoured lo propitiate my good fortune by overt acl» of interforpiico with tha natural ooume of events, I threw down a fiooo ol cake— sonic bread — a handful of ndian corn. But my enchantments were in vain. I might as we'll have offered a xlico of cold bauon to Brillat-Bavarin. Having pro vided all mannur of tnoalx for Ilia entertain ment of my guests, I wax enabled to try tlio effect of a oaubago-l«af. After taking junl ono bite al this in liaising, my friend junijied straight into Ilia ton dor. I did Iho same ; and HurpriBod him ho much by my unwonted agility, that ho nlonil xtill to Hlaru nt nm, Thin littlo act of indiscretion lout him tho game 1 caught him, point blank, nnd, liis own caffo buim; billon IJiiuukIi nnd through, I put him into tiiat belonging to thu Dornnl Hquirrol. Quite undisturbed by tilts nummary proceeding, ho inxLanlly bi'gan lo devour every scrap of food he found in tho house, to the infinite disguxl of its lawful occupant, who cursed him by Ilia goilK in tones quite liwful to listen to. It Is nunllonn to nay that tills dixtrcwilng exhibition of profanity was completely thrown away. tJimmvcil by the muttered oaths of hid irancible neighbour, tha bold Egyptian followed up his attack upon Iho food by proceeding to domolish the cago Tho ono latK was, clearly, quite as cany to him at Iho other, And liis determination to make short work of it wan no strongly pro nounced, that I al onco recognised tha noocs oily of keening awake all night. It wouM have boon a weary watch for me, had il nol boon so inexpressibly amusing*. But, to my infinite delight, at tho first blush of dawn, my tormentor fell fast asleep— and ho did 1. Tho Jioxt day being Hutiday, the imposnibility of procuring a stiongor cago impressed mo with h fooling very nearly akin to dinmay. To wards eventide, howavor, the hotel porter, to whom I bad confided my trouble, win visited with an inspiration. Ha brought mo a hugo wire rat-trap, ntrong enough lo havo nnti«fi«l Iho gaolers of Potlphar himself; and this, comfortably padded with tow, formed a con venient habitation from which Ihe compatriot of tlio Pharaohs could in no wise effect his escape, So, that night, 1 nlopt in peace, sott ing all the Sappers and Miners in the world at defiance, Two days later, I received notice of a small consignment of marmosets, among which I was fortunate enough to find a Fuck who seemed to mo really worthy of our protty v Mabsie. If I wcro only jusl tho least little bit in the world sentimental— which lam not — Ijwmld try to describe the first mooting of tho gentle lovers. But, sinoo experience has taught me over and over again, that my pen is unequal to the task of depicting anything at all connected with tho rise and progress of the tender passion, all I can say is, that tho .interview was most touching, and the success of our matehinaklnK experiment nnboundod - The transports of the honeymoon subsided, in nrooeu ot time, into a quiet sort of Darby and-Joan affection, exceeding beautiful to be hold; and the happy pair are sitting, At this moment, side by side upon tho curtain pole nodding their hoods at oach other with a grave dignity quite undisturbed by tho gambols of the jerboa beneath them, and scarcely ruffled ovefl by tho periodical visits of tho dorsal squirrel, who runs up, ever; fire minutes or so, to inquire how they find themselves. I am not quite ?uro that I have over seen a fast young; couple of (he human species behavo so courteously in tho presence of a troublesome visitor; though I make no doubt that out grandfathers fend grandmothers were every whit as graceful and o» dknaed. Well I I am fond of dig nity, rnyiell, and I confess that my sympathies are entirely on the side ot our venerable pro goniton!, and oh (hat of tho two tiny creatures . who so pretty remind mo ot them, and who are conversing together, as I write, with imch ineffable politeness, (hat I protest I feel quite ashamed of tho roughness of my poor human manners.' VtrJovmt Mabsie fs putting np her check. to be patted; and fuck, is acf nally potting Hi May they Sire 'happily to gether lor over after I ' ' . ' . . W. S. BOCXBTDO. ' The teacher of a country school,' «6n tinues the same correspondent, - 'once pur cnased at my brother's store ArtemM Ward's m book til prize tpbe awarded to ill school. The pupa who rood vdd it wm a young man, to whom the teacher remarked that if he wished Bome other book 'he oonld exchange it. A. few day» afterwards Hw yonth camo to the store and oslcod to have it exchanged. ?Don't you like it r said my broflior. 'Well,' said he, ?? the teoAW {(tolerable good, but the tptWW ain't right I * '—HatjKr't UtgmMe. 