BIBLE CHRISTIAN CONFERENCE. SEVENTH DAY-WEDNESDAY, MARCH 1. After the customary devotions the roll was called. The President introduced the plan of His appointments during his stay in the colony. He asked the Conference to make some changes, so that his last Sunday might be spent in the city. This involved the re moving of him from two of the country cir cuits, but after some discussion it was agreed that the president's last Sunday should be spent in Adelaide. The Conference proceeded to deal with the grants to circuits and the estimated income, the consideration of which occupied the greater part of the day. There were many places needing kelp, and a comparatively small sum to be divided among them, so that as the Conference was anxious to do justice to all much time was spent in the consideration of each case. The list as a whole was ulti mately passed. The .Setbetaey submitted a scheme for fire insurances. The Conference of 1831 ap pointed a committee to consider the qaettwa of forming a fire insurance society in whida the connexional property throughout the colony might be insured. It was thought by some members of the Conference that at this late stage they could not give that attention to the subject which its importance de manded. It was resolved that the scheme should be printed in the minutes of the Cob f erence tor consideration at the next district meetings and Conference. The Key. J. Thobste submitted the follow ing resolution in relation to Rev. F. W. Bourne:—"That we now place on record our sense of the great service rendered to the Connexion in the colony by the president, our brother, the Her. F. W., Bourne. We recognise with gratitude bu high Christiaa character, and give him our hearty thanks for his wise and Christian teaching and counsel. We learn with regret that faisbealtli has severely suffered of late years tram Che English climate, and believing that the help of our brother would be of the createst im portance to our cause, we give hunahaartr and unanimous invitation to labor among; us, and affectionately request the Engluk Conference to appoint Brother Bourne to labor in this colony." Mr. Thome, in moiing the resolution, said he knew every member of the Conference would vote most heartily for the resolution, and he hoped Mr. Bourne would we his way dear tocometv the colony. Mr. G. J. Asmtjir seconded the motion, referring to the need ef ministers of experience and ability to properly carry on the work of the church in tills colony. It would, he said, be a very great advantage to the Conference if Mr. Bonnie would con sent to come to the colony to labor. The resolution was carried unanimously. The Pkesjoest said the brethern were very kind indeed, and he could only say that he would not stand in the way of complying with their wishes. The book steward presented his report which was adopted, and a committee wa? appointed to investigate the book depart ment and report to the conncrioncommUtee. The chapel secretary (Rev. W. Bichaxds) presented his report, which was adopted. The following is extracted from the report:—" la examining the returns of our chapel for the past year we are gratified to find that in some instances our friends continue to exert them selves in the most laudable manner in H?w most important branch of our work. Kotwith standing the great depression occasioned by the partial failure, (and in some instances the total failure of the harvest for the last taw or three years a considerable amount ?f money has been raised in the chapel de partment for new erections and unxneve ments, and also for the reduction of oil lia bilities, yet we think ****+ in ??"?y instances more attention is greatly needed in this de partment of our work. Kew ?*?ppl? have been erected and opened during the year at Snmmertown and Basket Range in the Mount Lofty circuit, and at Port Germein, Baroota, and Baroota Korth in the Port Ger mein circuit, at an aggregate cost of SLISS, towards which the sum of £389 has beeo. raised, being a little over one-fourth of the whole. Kew chapels are in course of erec tion at Port Augusta West. Mount Bryaa. East, and Cudlee Creek, and a new school room has been erected at Kew Thebarton. Improvements have been made at Stirling East and at Stanley Bridge, Findon, Foliar ton, Virginia, Kangaroo Flat, Hamilton, aad Port Augusta. In all cases the entire cost has been met The returns show that there are 115 chapels, 18 ministers' residences, 9 cottages, and 17 schoolrooms. The total in come for the year is £6,2GG 2s. 4d. Of this the sum of £Ls2s 12s. lid. has been paid for interest, £4CG 9s. from various trusts towards the support ?f the ministry, £335 for new elections, and £2,482 16s. 7d. for working expenses and various improvements, leaving £1,30635. lOd., which has been applied to the reduction of last year's liabilities, oeingalittle more than 5{ per cent, of last year's debits. After adding the debts of five new chapels erected during the year the total liabilities are £23,213175. Id., being £229175. more than the aggregate debt of last year." The school secretary (Her. J. Raymond! presented his report, which was of a very interesting character. It stated that there were 86 schools, 829 teachers, and 5,417 scholars. The increase in the number of schools was 3, of teachers 30, and of scholar* 409\. One hundred and sixty-two of the scholars had joined the church during the year, so that spiritual results have not been entirely wanting. A resolution was sent on by the K?iiiwn district meeting recommending the Con. ferenee to prepare a digest of rules and regu lations for the use of the churches in Sootfa Australia, the English digest not meeting their requirements in many particular*. After some discussion on the matter the Peesidext pointed out that the last English Conference ordered a new edition of the digest to be prepared, and perhaps it would be wise to have theirs printed as a supple ment and bound with the English. This sug gestion was approved, and the Revs. T. Piper and J. Bowe were appointed to prepare m digest and submit it for consideration to the next Conference. Eighth Dav—Thcrsdat, M&ech; £. The Conference resumed at 9 a.m. The usual addresses were read. The address to the churches, written by the Rev. J. Way, was read by the Rev. J. Thome in the absence of Mr. Way. The Bet. T. Hillman read the address to the English Conference which he had prepared, and the Rev. R, Lang read the address to the Canadian Conference which he had written. All the addresses were adopted, and ordered to be printed in the minutes of Conference. The particulars of receipts and disburse ments of the various connexional funds were submitted by the secretary. There was a slight falling- otf shoving in nearly all the fuuds, and in some chapels the collections bad not been regularly made. The PEEsiDEsr referred to the importance of the funds to the connexion, and expressed the hope that in future die collections would be made in all the chapels. The Rev. J. Thome, secretary of the trust debts relief fund, presented his report. Be explained to the Conference that up to that time be had not been able to complete bis report, but hoped to be able to do ao shortly. The report was adopted with the understanding that it would be completed and printed in the minutes of the Conference. The Bey. W. Richards, treasurer of the Ministers' Annuitant Society, presented his report of the fund, which was adopted, and tiic Hers. \V. Richards and R. Un; were reappointed treasurer and secretary of the fund respectively. The Pee.nii>Es r submitted to the Conference a proposal from an evangelist aud temperance advocate in England to come to this colony to labor for a short time. He said he had been very useful in England for many years and would no doubt be very useful in the colony if he came. Two or three members of the Conference spoke of their knowledge of the. evangelist, and hoped the Conference would put nothing in the way of bis coming here. The following resolution was adopted:— "That we cordially invite Brother K. Good to come and labor in this colony as an evan gelist and temperance advocate. We feel the more free to do this as we understand Croat ltro. Bourne that he does not require v* to enter into any financial engagements; but if he will come we will support him by all means in oar power, and engage to do aU we can to make bis meetings successful." It was directed that the course of studies for candidates and probationers should be re iniiited in the minutes of Conference. The following examiners were appointed for the war: —In Watson's Institutes and Wayland's Moral Science, Rev. T. £. Keen; in English literature and logic, Rev. J. Raymont:inEng li*b BiUe and the Sacraments, Rev. O. Lake ; in homilitics and church history. Rev. T. McNeil; in English history and church lolitv. Rev. J. Thome: in Hebrew Bible and Creek Testament, Dr. Haggar; in McCath's Moral Oovemnirnt of God and Psychology. Rev. \V. Richards. The business was suspended for a short time to allow the members of Con ference an opportunity of relating their Christian experiences. The experience meeting is usually held in the evening, but as there was no erening dear it was thought wise to bare it at this Stage, though several members of the Conference had cone to their homes. The following re solution was adopted:—"That the members of this Conference desire to place on record their unabated confidence in God as their Heavenly Father, and in Christ mi their Saviour, and in the Holy Ghost as their aanctiner; in the true love and sympathy they have for each other as Christian ministers and laymen, and their desire and determination to devote themselves to the' great work of preaching Christ's gospel anil extending His kingdom.'" The following committees and officers were appointed for the ensuing year:—Stationing committee—The ex-president, the secretary, the superintendent of districts, Rev. T. Hifi man, R. Lang, T. tteSeO, W. W. Finch, and O. Lake. General committee—The ex-presi dent, the secretary. Revs. J. Way, J. Hancock, J. Trewin, J. Rowe, W. Richards, J. Theme, T. tfillman. K. Kelly, C. H. Bamr, and Messrs. J. CX Asktou, W. Holland, Job. Ashton, and T. Richard*. Trust debta relief committee—The same as the general committee, with the Rev. J. Theme secretary, and Hon. Dr. Campbell tieararer; missionary seavtary, liov. J. Thome; editor, Rev. T. Piper; book steward. Rev. C. H. Haggar; general chapel secre tary, Her. W. Richards : general treasurer, Rev. J. StoyeL The Rev. J. Stoyel, J. Hancock, C. H. Haggar, and Messrs. B. Oonld, J. Ashton and R. lang were ap pointed member* of Union College Council for &? ensuing year. The Conference unanimously passed the fo?Mrinff resolution: — "That our most cordial thanks be presented to the Rev. K. W. Bourne for presiding over the proceedings of this Conference; for the ability and judg ment he has) brought to bear on every subject dKHSMd, and for the spirit of love and of a liiwusd Mind which he has sought to infuse into all Descent.* The hearty thanks of the Coateesne were also presented to the secre taries for their services, and to the many toitsjfa who had so kindly and hospitably en taiswd the nwmln rs of Conference during its The Conference closed shortly after 2 p.m. 