THE OLD SIGN'S GHOST. ' Skv*BiLd>iys ago n Cblebr.ited sp:rituali«fc came to Lit tie Kocfc, and stated that before giv ing a public entertainment he would give a seaco*) wheie an/ meaibfr of a small invited circle would ball up tho spirits of their friends . and oonverse with them. By mistake a man from down the river was admitted,, a man. whose reputation for deeds of violence wouli not p'ace his spirit above par in the soul market. Alter listening awhile to rapping, horn.blowihg, and gauze veil materialisation, tho bad man arose and said: 4 Say, Cap'n, whar's the old mau's ghost ?* * What old man ?' asked the medium. 4 My old mm, the governor. Gall htm up.* 1 What is his name ?' j . • • « % 4 Tom Bsalick; call him iip/ . * I don't think we are in communication with, him to night/ 4 What's the matter, wire down ? . * No, the old gentleman is off ou a visit.' (Now, here, just shut up your wardrobe and turn ou your light. - If you don't give the old man's ghost a show the thing shan't run.4 '/.Wait; I'U-see if he'll come/ said the spiritualist. 1 If he raps three times he is/ willing; if only once, ha has other engage* meats/ A sharp rap sounded. 4 He is unwilling/ continued the spiritualists 1 Now, here/ said the bad man,4 that wan't my ole man's knock. Why, ef he'd hit that table he'd splintered it. Call him up,' and, drawing a revolver, the aSeotiouate son cast a severe look on the medium. 1 To tell the truth, I can't call him up/ 4 Tell him that I want to see him. That'll fetch him.' 4 No, he won't oomo; but I beg of you to be patient. Wait; .ah, he will come presently. He is here and de3iros to talk with yon. He eays that ho is per/eotly happy, and that he longs for the time whon yon will be with him. He is one of the rulers in the spirit land/ ' Oip'n, yoa're the internalist liar in Arkan sas.' • Why, so, sir ?' ' Beoanie the old man is in the city prison, drank as s fool.' —Little Seek Gazette. Bbtc-bd axiom: To err is human, to forgive unusual. A little girl, noticing the glittering gold in her aunt's front teeth, exclaimed : 'Aunt Mary, .1 wish I had copper-toed teeth like yours.' A bbcxpb for lemon pie vaguely adds: ' Then sit on a stove and stir constantly.' Just as if anybody could sit on a store withont stirring constantly. ' What would be the beet method of saying this small beer from depredation ?' asked a lady of' ber bntler. His reply was: ' By placing a oask of strong beer by the Bide of it.' Lobd Hobecbt, riding in the coaoh of his friend Parcel), and chancing to pass a gallows, asked,' Where would you be, Puroell, if every man had his due ?' ' Alone in my carriage,' was the reply. Whbk Judge Jefferies pointed with his oane to a man who was about to be tried, and said. ' There is a great rogue at the end of my cane 1' the man promptly asked, ' At which end, my lord?' A Quxkbe TcAst.—' This is me and mine to thee and thine. I wish when thon and thine come to see me and mine, that me and mine will treat thee and thine as kindly as thee and thine hare treated me and mine.' ' Ton see,' said the colonel, ' old Beacon Jenks is one of those men who are always ready to rob Peter to pay Paul." 'Yes,' eighed the colonel's wife ; ' but, somehow, the deacon, after robbing Peter, always forgets to pay Paul.' Ah auctioneer thus exalted the merits of a carpet: 1 Gentlemen and ladies, some folks sell carpets for Brussels which are not Brnssels; hat loan most positively assure you that this elegant article was made by Mr. Brnssels him* self.* (Meh often jump at conclusions,' says the proverb. So do dogs. We saw a dog jump at the conclusion of a cat, which was sticking through the opening of a partly-closed door, and it made more disturbance than a church soandall rax student of nature can always dad some sew link in the chain which connects the lower order of creation with man. Even the whirring of the insects has a suggestion of humanity in it, for doth not the axiom say, 'To whir is human ?' A hew book on ' Word Building' was pro bably written b; a man who struck a clothes line while splitting wood in the backyard. Very few aggravations will make a man baild words more rapidly, bat some of them possess too much emphaticness to preserve in book form. 4 What wculd yon do if yon were me and I were yon ?' tenderly inquired a young swell of his lady friend, as he escorted her home from church. 'Well,* said she, 'If I were you 1 would throw away that vile cigarette, cut up my cane for firewood, and wear my watch-chain underneath my coat.* A famous fibber told an extraordinary story which, strange enough, chanced to be true. 'It is^ so extraordinary/ said a listener,' thit if I did not know it to be trne, I should believe it false.' * Ah/ said the narrator,' if it had been false, I should have told it in a much more truthful manner than I did.' TTnclb Moss met Jim Webster on Austin Avenue. ' X heered bofe yer parents was dead What did yer git from 'em F asked Uncle Mobo. ' Lemme see/ says Jim pensively. 4Fxom my fadder X'*e got dtse heah crooked legs, and from my mudder I inherits a weak ness in de cbist.'— Texas Siflings. A insiETEB h&d; occasion one Sabbath to supply the pulpit of a neighbouring brother, whoee wife was distinguished for her extreme parsimony. On being asked next morning by the hospitable lady of the manse if he would eat an egg for breakfast, be replied, Yes, madam, I always eat one when I cannot get two.' Stsoxtm* for ' Births, Deaths, and Har* riages' continue to be multiplied by Transat lantic journals. One paper styles them ' Babies, Brides, and Bodies;' another adopts ' The Cradle, the Dungeon, and the Tomba .third 1 Buds, Orange Blossom, and Cyprus;' but4 Hatches, Matches, and Despatches' still carry off the palm. Faud to Beat.—'Doctor/ said a young clergyman to an old metaphysical diviop, ' what is the hardest opinion to overthrow ?* 'The one that is never expressed/ answered the old D.D., and then added: 'Silence is & hard opinion to beat/ Pcesz: Saloon steamer; company seated at breakfast—Steward (to minister who is parti* ally deaf)—4 Grace, sir.' Deaf mini-ter(com placently)—4 Ham and egga/ 8. (very loud) —4 Ple&i-e; eay grace, sir.' D.M. (impatiently) —41 said ham and eggs/ (General grin round the table.) A cbrtaC* politician being called a fool a fortnight ago, one of his defenders said: ' No, be i«n't a fool; he's a noodle.' 4 What is the difference ?' growled the original accnser. 4 Why/ answered the other, ' the difference is just this: a noodle is a person who hasn't backbone enough to be a fool/ Soke hoys were annoying a venerable negro "•o.astounded them by solemnly saying: ke car*, you young white wilyuns, or some *>u may be de Czar of Boosby some ob dese an* den I'll jest t'row a bottle of 'eplodin' t yer feet, an' den whar'll you be ?' off your overcoat, cr you wen't feel it 'U go out/ said the landlord of a \- n to a guest who was sitting by the _ *t's what I'm afraid of/ returned : The last time I was here I Hid off • Idin't feel it when I went out, and' V" since/ Owe of oar exchanges is reeponriblefor the following:—''Lightning struck a hire of tees in Kansas the other day. The painful story is soon told. The misguided lightning came out of that hive quicker than it went in, and went off into spice with its tail between its legs.' Moral—Never pick a quarrel when yon are not acquainted with the folks.' ▲ natal officer, for his courage in a former engagement, where he had left his leg, had been preferred to the command of a good ship. In the heat of the next engagement a cannon ball took off his wooden deputy, so that he fell upon the deck.. A seaman, thinking he had been wounded sgain, oalied cut for a surgeon. ' No, no,* said the captain; * the carpenter will do.* I A witty Bociety woman was standing before Zola's greatly admired picture of Lot and his daughters. 4 Ob/ remarked a fried, dolor ously, 4 what do you suppose Lot thought when he beheld hii poor wife turned to a pillar of sant ?' ' I suppose/ replied our wit, with admir ably gravity, 4 he thought how he could get himself a fresh one.' 41 maintain/ cried Mr. Quillhopper, ex citedly, 4 that no man has been in such a horrible predicament that he could not be in a worse one.' 4 That's all nonsense/ answered the blonde young man; 1 a relative of mine was once in an open boat for 10 days with nothing to eat; on the 11th day he was ao hungry he had to eat his own shoes; what could be worse than that ?' 1 Well/ s»id Mr. Q slowly, 4 he might have had to eat some one else's!' The blonde young man wilted. 4 Uncle/ said a little rascal to his worthy relative, 4 that man over there wants to see you.' 4 What does he want ?' 4 Dunno; didn't ask him.' So uncle sauntered over to where the stranger sat, and said,4Did you ask forme, sir ?' * No, sir.' 11 beg pardon; but I was told by that young man over there that you wanted to see me.' 4 So I do, so I do. I've been blind these ten years, and I want to see anybody.' They were etandicg just by the front gate of the old farmhouse, Farmer Robinson leaning on the gate post. ' Well, miss, I hope you've enjoyed yourself this summer. We haint put on much style for you, but we've meant to treat you sort o' so eo.' ' Don't mention it, pray,' replied MidS Fttzjoy. 'It's been the most delightful season I ever knew. Why, I've learned eo much about farming that I really believe I shall set out some cucumber trees in the conservatory and have them fresh for breakfast all winter.' A yoykg gentleman, who is very particular about the getting np of his linen, wrote a note to bis lanndrees, and at the same time sent one to the object of hia affections. Unfortunately he put the wrong address on the envelopes and posted them. The laundress was puzzled, but not the least offended; but when the young lady read, ' If you rumple up my shirt bosoms and drag the button off the collar any more, as you did last time, I shall to go somewhere elne,' she cried all the evening, and declared she would never speak to him again! Indian Wociso —A stalwart Indian appeared the other day at Aylmer, Quebec, with a dusky companion by bis side, whom he wished to wed. Both parties seemed to be rejoicing at the pros* pect as they repaired to the chnrch; bnt sud denly the maiden changed her mind, and positively refused to become his bride. Big Indian told her to go home and bring him back all the pr sents he hnd made her, and while she waa absent be secured another woman, gave her the costume intended for the one that had discarded bim, and married her. Only two hoars were lest by the entire transaction;— Toicr(o Qlole. A yotog lady from the rnral districts lately visited town with her beau. Getting into a car for the first time, she took her seat, while her lover planted himself on the box with the driver. Very Boon the conductor began to collect the fares, and approaching the rn6tic maiden, he said,1 Tour fare, miss.' The rnral rosebud aliowel a delicate pink to manifest itself upon her cheeks, and looked down in soft confusion. The conductor was rather astonished at this, but ventured to remark once more, ' Your fare, miss.' This time the pink deepened to carnation, as tbe rustic beauty replied,' 'Deed, am if I am good lookiu', yon hadn t ought to say it out aloud afore folks V Thb foliowing story from the 'Revue A.nec dotique' h & good illustration-of the French journalists' ingenuityA. gentleman goes to comalt a solicitor as to an application he wishes to make for a legacy to which be t inks be is entitled, bod in answer to inquiries as to his exact position in the family, clearly indi cates his position thus: •' You Bee, sir, I am married to a widow, who had, by her first hus band, & grown np daughter. My father fell in love with the daughter and married her. Thus he became my son in-law, and my step daughter became my mother-in-law. I had a son who was my father's brother- in-law as well as his grandson, and, at the same time, my uncle, 6ince he was the brother of my mother in-law. My father in his turn had a son born, who was my brother and my grandson, as well as the eon of my step- daughter. My wife was also my grandmother, as she was the mother of my m'.ther-in-law, and I was ber grandson as well as ber hu-band. Moreover, as the husband of a grandmother is necessarily a grandfather, I was roy own grandfather. Thns you will see, Mr, Solicitor, that my rights in the matter are perfectly clear/ Gebxax Jokes.—A collection of jokes, con scious and the reverse, perpetrated in the Ger man Parliament, has recently been published by ' AnselmuB Facetu*/ in Berlin, 'ihe collec tion ranges from 1867 up to the present time.; and if the quips and cranks it contains do not always seem to as unreasonably waggish, they are, At all events, interesting as indicating the German idei of a joke. A portion of the col lection consists of nh'ive, and sometimes oddly inconsequential, remarks of inexperienced mem bers. Thus I)r. Schwsrze observed on one oc casion, that 'he had great pleasure in saying | that the motives of this proposal, thongh un- ! known to him, were yet fully iu accordance with hie View*;' and Herr Von Viucke expressed hi* agreement with a previous speaker to this effect: ' I think just as he does in this matter; I am exactly in the position in whieh I am.' Similarly Dr. Ellison once oraonlarly remarked : ' The proposal of the honoorable member has either no meaning or it has a meaning.' On the other hand, we should be probably mistaken it we ascribed a remark of one Herr Schraps to mere naivete or confusion of tongue. ' I have supported,' said Herr Schraps, ' Dr. Beineke's proposal, and will vote for it, but shall be very much pleased, neverthelers, if the House rejects it.' The jokes which are undoubtedly inten tional are sometimes rather grim. Thus Herr fiedeoker, discussing a proposal for the com plete isolation of cholera patients, doubted ' wbethir it would not be a surer preventive to kill off all the first cholera patients at once; but we have hardly come to that yet.' There ie a certain hnmoor, too, of a melancholy sort, in the phrase of Dr. Schweitzer: 'We live in a country where the police are always with as, before us, and behind us, and in our mldit.' 