PRIMITIVE METHODIST MIS?SIONS. nTu annual tea nii? pubhlio meeting 'of the Primitive Mdthodists was held on Tuesday, 19th instant, ,in their buildings, belonging :to that Scodineioin,,'sitiated in Lagoon-street. The tena weas laidYi?i' the school room, and five trables were pro: viddd ?s f6lllvs :-No. 1, by Mrs. Mrigan; No 2, by M?a'?Giiusell; N'-?o?: 3,'- by the 'lisess Walk?i'i and Aldridge; 1No. 4, the Misses Tynslty and hSmith; No. 5, by Mrs. Bradford; all of whom really deserve great praise for.tbo truly excellent pr0vision they had made and style and numbjer' of' viands provided. The number of counter attraotions for the evening caused gloomy forolodingto arise as to the probable attendance; but, as a'll th d'seits gradually filled .up, overybody seemed to grow satisfied and fully enjoyed thoem'seslves; 'The public meeting afterwards was held in the church, when we observed that an importanthalteration had takenl place, which, on inquiry, proved to.bo.e the result of the unassisted efforts of the meiibers of the choir themselves. Tlheyi have erectida seatbrd'.con' venieut singer's gallesy, whilch not only shelters them from the winds that used to blow o?n them when the doors w:re oponed, but ploces achcl singer and'tho organist and conductor in fullviwv of theo preacher. The cost of the structure, wlhich is both useful and ornamental, was about £15, nad reflects no smnall amount of credit' on ,.i th, choir, wlho designed, built,:and liaid for it themnselves. .The business of.-the nmeeting was, Oas-is customary,. opend' by th choir and conugregation einging ,. .. ,,; ; . ; ? L •: ? .: . ; i:'?-? . :, SJesus shall reign where e'er the sun." The Rev. iowhlay engaged in prayer, and the Rev. James itroduced Mr. T.. Gunsell as chairman for the neoting, ac.ordiing as he stated to the diocesan of ae quartely meeting.'. : .' . " Mr. Grunsell, ori taking the chair; thanked them er the honor conferred upon hii. tie rejoiced to iee so many present in spit odf the riumber of ;hinga falliig on tbhd same. nglight.' e lhnoped they woeid excuse any errors he might make in his speech, as he could see a reporter present who would make it appear all right in the apera, no matter., what mistakes wei'e made. lie hoped that their meeting would beas good as the one they had at Big Hill,.about thirty- miles From Goulburio;where many of those Who attended had to travel six or seven miles to get to the place 5f meeting.: The Boig ill,,he might tell them, sas on the borders of the Garden of Eden (as the auctioneers had called it whet/they advertised irthuiasleigh for sale), mand there also they found a serpent oi black snake, Which they killed; and if there should be any serpent in the meeting tonight tlhey meant to put their heel on him and conquer him: He ihoped, hoveveir, that there was no ser. peot among themb bit "that they s"oeld be able to rijoy themselves uninterruptedly, as they did at the Big Hill on the borders of the Garden of Eden lIst night. He' would now call on the Rev. James to iead the report. The Rioe.' James, on rising, complimented the choir on their singing, and by way of introduction remarkedr that the usual orthodox printed lroport From Lonidon w'as not yettb band; but nevertheless this one was collected from authentic sources and was perfetly 'reliarle": RIrPOiT OF THIE PRuTIITIVE MEOIrlOST MISSIONARY ::''·I·:SOCIETY.. "We can here give but a brief sketch or epitome of our. missionary operations; for details we must referour friends to the printed report. The Primi tire Methodist Missionary Society has now been in sxistence forty years, and during that period has been rendered a great blosoing to thousands of benighted and perishing souls ; and the committee devoutly thank -Gol" for the triumphs achieved, and pray that- the Holy Spirit might still render tlior efforts of..the missionary a blessing to the people among whoni tboey labour. "Our Missio?ns in Africa 'have during the year made considerable progress; At Aliwrvall North we airse three missionaries, eleven local preachers and one day schoold teacher; there are 234 members in chuirch fellowship, -blinrg :an increase of tvo mis ionariee, two local preachelors, and 62 members for the year. The income for the year was £520 10s. Tho attendance at Christ's Church has improved, and uhurch worik has been well sustained; :-4322 a' id has beers contributkd. .' Thd good (,hich is being done in this risidg border towsn Whre sob manyibhear the gospel from us caisndt be tabulated: The native.'work iunAliwall and the .surrounding districts has been vigo;;rously presecutiad: at the lst sancrame?nt nearly 100 acoredit'd members sat down at the table of the Lord. "John' ?IeKings having been set apart for miuisterial work, we have been able to form several out stations, in conqection with which about thirty members are added to the church. , A spiritof: in. juiry is also abroad 'among the people who attend our native services, and several of themrn hayve jist ,ecome candidrates for membersllip. "'"'li? natives. have contributed £84 8s 3d for church work during the year. At Jamestown. Mr. Bradley has been attending. to the double:work of teaching in the day, school and preaching the Gospel to the Epglish arid natives - It has been a great privilege to the English pedple to hadie reguliar servies ; and they iave shown tiheir aplpreciation during:the year by contribnuting £113 il3s G6d Mr.: Bradley has gatherid a n.itive csogregation 'had' chiirch of tweonty three members; and if he had a suitable building in which to hold his services, a strong native church would beh etablished at Jamestown. At present the. servicesaare conducted in-a. native lut. :, Furoando Po.-From our agents on this mission we have received tidings both sad and oncouraging.". After tihe conference 'of: '1881 the Rev. T.. D. Maylrtt and Mrs. Maylqtt returned to Forsando Po, anid it 'svs hopod that ilis second appointment to this Island rwould prove n-a great blessing. Our hopes have, however, been blighted; for soon alter their arrieal M rs.: Maylott was seized wvitlh a siclknessthat proved fatal. Mr. Maylott too swas sticken down witli fever, and was com poelled to retuirni home. This unfortunate circum. stance has tended to'retard thoe gopd work. 1 We ,ave, however, seine enconraging items to report. " I'he : Wev . I. Buinett, of George's Bay 'Mission, informs us that the good work is progress ing: thio.. i'On the whole, he says, " I am pleased with the state of .thinge on this mission. There, are evidences 'of sincerity ahd:thorougibessn,'whichi greatly encourages us ; but it must not be forgotten that the lpple are 'lbut Iabes in :Christ. They isove but' recetly emerged: frsm the darkness, igioransi, aid gross snsuality of one of the most degrading forfms of paganist; vmieawed in thibs:light I feel amazed and delighted. Our converts are trying.tb trise'socially?- already some have built houses; thoy,.havo purchased decent .clotting.for therselves anid theiir hildren ;" a?d althlidgh this involves 'additional exp'ensiu daud' labour, they do not come andhbeg for charity; or seek to hang as abburden on the mission. Their heathen country men have cut them .off -they refuse to let them gathdr the olpalm nuts as f';ormerly:a.nid.h'avo there. by. dbprived thdme of andiimpbrtant ppart of their little income; but patiently;, andwith b blessed irmneiss, oer members :have borne this persecution,: and stood, fastin the liborry wsherewith Christ hath made them .frcee S"It 1 isa pleasing: fact t?it these poor people do .thmiiot::ue oit'tt'didin sustahiing the mission. A iaiitiiiteriesting acount; irs given by the missionary ct thie contributidns of the natives tbwards the missionary.anniversary. INot having much money tlief.brotghtyi?si, friredeod, &c;, a?nd it was pleas. ing to rea that mbstnof theii iroiight their finest yam?s. - \- "Coloniai' Work. u0rii work in the colonies is progreasing, The'statiiis' are dividedinto circuits and ;mniiseions. - 'The circuits are self-supporting, car ying:'oie their bopiatioirs "without aid from the Roi ii Funds. Th i mission's derive i little assist ance froni tihe Geieriahl Miisisidrji' Revenuo. The statiods in 'New i'Soiuthi'Whles during the past year have read cbitisid'eille jprogress 'We have twenty one missioiariis' iin this colony, and tie amount of missionary mopey raised in the New South .Wales diestridt list year seas £3247 16s 7d, bcitig an in crease-on the'opreviouts year of £'322 9s-ld. ' There was also an-increase of 118 me'inbers. :.All the other colonies report; progress;, Many fresh places have .been opened, and societies formed, a number of noi" churches have been erected, and in all re spects our worlk in t?ho colonies under the divine blessing his been crowned with success. \- ,'Ou' heme.misqionaries are labouriug:with great zeal and encourarging success. :,., -:. ,. :,: . The nmtber of Home Stations:is :'65 'l:Places 39' ,, .,,Colonal- -,, 170 : 8.2Ji : \- Foreign ,, .. 4 . , ., . Total iruietro of: stations ... 245 , 1227 Thi number. of hoe neasonare i ............ 100 SColonial' - rMinisters and missiaaries...... 205 :,: ..Foreign, European &Afridcn...; 6 Total number of missionaries &'ioloiial?. r niinisters. ................ .:..,.:' 311i : ThIe total 'i&cio;'mof:theo linj ~ i .ieio iS"etyi for the year ending 1881 was :£35;225 '1a0':8d,-' TI inciease of members on the mission, for the year was 1252.'. A: fter the reoipt w'tia'redd the ''Iso-it . jis'Ja's reinarhed .that the Primitieo Methodist Colinoxion had only been in eixiatence a^out 70 years, and they now. numbered ,some r2006000. members and 1 000,000 hearers, and he had every reason to hope that there iias a bright future before them in the colonies Besides .the report he had the results of the collectors' labour to lay before them, which were iery satisfactory,.and a source for much con :griitulation ;-' . Mlrs. Gruusell's bookl ............... £0 0 0 I Miss'Kosia Grunsell's box ......... 4 4 10 Arthur Rowc's box .................. 2 16 3" Miss Fanny Aldridge's box ....... 2 ?16 7 C Miss Wheatlcy's box ........... , 2 0 0 Donations- 00 Mr. T. Grunsell ... ;..~ i; ::O t Mr. Kadwecll .. ?0... t Mr. Kadwell, jun. 1t:'. 0' 0 Mr. Morgan.... ... .... I, 0 c Mrs. Leo ...: e... .'. 0 0 i Mrs. Meyrs ..... ... . 1 10 0 Mrs. Dival ............... ..:..' : 0: 0 o Mrs. 'Howard ...................... 0 5 0 lundry Collections ..................... 5, 3 1 Phe profits on the ten and other etceteras they , expected would raise the sum total to about £60, t as tire result of their annual missionary effort this I lime, which he thought was very gratifying. The chairman remarked that the report was a good bne and very clear. He was glad to see that so much progress had been made; he would call t upona the choir to sing "Speed the Gospel On," which was rendered to the satisfaction of all preo. sent, and followed by the Rev. Mr. Mlowbray who wished to express his pleasure at seeing so many gathered together to exhibit sympathy with the missionary cause of Primitive Methodism; he was glad to see by the report that much had been done, nd he felt confident that in thle future their suce- 1 cess would be greater than hitherto. Missionary work was hard work; ministers who had to ex plore new countries and extend the mission cause I could tell them something about it. Many times tlhey were weary, worn, and ready to faint; difficul. ties surrounding them on every side, but the battle to overcome the difficulties strengthened them for fresh conflicts, and they would yet rejoice over greater victory than had crowned their past labors. Their trust was in the word of God that had stood all firmly against all the attacks of its enemies. They had tried to drown it; they had tried to des troy it; they had tried to burn it; they had tried to prove it false, and, in every way possible, had tried to rob it of its influence; but it still lives. Talmage had classed all the objections that had been raised against the Bible under four heads, and he would pause a few moments to examine. They were as follows :--lest-that it is a cruel book ; 2nd-that it is an impure book; 3rd- that it is a contradictory book; 4th-that it is an un scientific book. If he said these things can hIe proved against it we Ehould cast it behind us and never peruse its pages again; but if not, we should cla'p it to our bosoms. With regard to the first objection, that it was a cruel book, were such the case, on the principle of judging a tree by Its fruits, we should expect to see Bible students cruel and harsh and unmerciful; but facts went to the contrary. What man had become cruel by Bible.reading ? Bad it made hus bands worse, or in anf single instance engrafted cruelty into any merciful person ? He would chlal lenge the whole world to produce one man that the Bible had rendered cruel. Ou the contrary it had often converted the vulture into a dove and the tiger into a lamb. The sort of men and women the Bible made were suoch as Florence Nightingale, John Howard, and benefactors of mankind. As to the second objection, who was ever made impure by reading the Bible ? If it were an impure book. would not its votaries become impure ? would not those who drank impurity from.that or any other source become impure and immoral; but who had ever become impure or immoral by Bible study ? On the contrary its purifying influence was so great that thousands had been lifted out of the gutter. avery result of Bible teaching tended to showthat it was not in any way whatever impure. As to the third objection-that it was contradictory, this objection was based on so flimsy a foundation that it actually became laughable to make it contradict itself. Its enemies had to mutilate it, taking un finished sentences and portions of paragraphs and put a distorted meaning on them, and in no other: way had they been able to bolster up that objec: tion. As to the last objection that it was unscien- tilic, the speaker not professing a profound co-. quaintance with all sciences, was compelled to leave the decision of that point in the hands of the scientists, of whom the vast majority declared that the truths of the Bible were in perfect and com plete harmony. His hnearers, he believed, were in sympathy with him when he said that the Bible is the revelation from God to man, and that sym: pathly was best shown by deeds, not words. If the sympathy -took a genuine practical form, and was. demonstated by earnest christian work, the day vould soon could come when one God should ha've the heathen for his inheritance, and the uppormost parts of the earth for his possossions. The "Comfort of Patmos" was then renodered by the choir in a'pleasing manner. The Rev. J. parliong was then introduced by the chairman. The singing he declared to he quite pleasing, and showed that much pains and prac tice must have been bestowed on getting up the pieces, and the manner of their execution was a credit to the choir and their conductor. He was glad to see so si many present; there were more than under the cirncumstances might be well expected. There was an inspiration in numbers that infused itself into the speaker and was reciprocated by the audience. The report that was before them was very encouraging, hand showed that some real work had been done; notably in the island of Fernando Po the natives had some of them been induced to ernbraca Christianity, and at tihe hands of the islanders had to submit to somne very severe persoe. cution. They were forbidden many of their rights: and privileges. One of them was hung up and beaten by his unconverted fellow.islanders to try if hbe had the Christian heart in him, and when he. bore without rage or resentment their ill-treatment it woeas decided that he had the Christian heart, and said "he got the Christian heart " If there was but this one case of Christian fortitude as the result of their missionary labor they might feel well paid; but they had also a good native church in Africa. Everywhere they went they had proof that wher. ever the Gospel was preached and accompanied by the power of the Holy Ghost it accomplished glori. ous results. In all instances it becomes the power of God unto salvation to every ene that believeth; but he observed there are the heatlheus in our own land, there are the outcasts, the degraded, the abso. lutely ignorant, of whose existence few people are aware but those who go to them with a message of mercy and find them in their degradation, want, misery, and sin. In Sydley there were many such cases, antI in thie old country also cases which would appear incredible but for the fact that so many of them had been brought to light; the Gospel shows them the danger they are in, and also the way out, and this is known by so mauy infallable proofs that there is no get away from it. The rev. gentlemen illustrated his speech with many interesting anee dotes, and concluded a lengthy address by con gratulating them on the success of their missionary -effort. To raise so large a sum as £40 or £50 was no small thing. He wished he had such earnest 'workers in his own circuit, and he expressed hIris pleasure at the fine church and splendid parsonage they lind got, and he hoped that God would bless them. 'The collection was then taken up. Rev., James proposed, and Rev. Sparling seconded, a vote of thanks to the collectors, making special mention of Miss Grnnsell, she having eolleetcd the noble sum of £20. The choir was also included in the vote of thanks, wvhich was carried by acclamation. iMr. W. Brown proposed, and Mr. Morgan seconded, a vote of thanks to the ladies, which was carried by acclamation. .The vote of thanks to the chairman, the doxology, and thie benediction terminated the proceedings. 