IFUweUet. [by s l o v s T d e T g r e e s . A STORY OF AUSTRALIA. BY ALEXANDER MONTGOMERY. • AUTHOR OP " THAT FELLOW FABNK8E." CHATTER XVni. Cintra was a moderately sized house of the vj]a order, standing in somewhat extensive grounds, and situated in .the outskirts of St. Blda. The house itself oocupied the summit jlarise, and had thuS' & clear view over the thick belt of plantation which secluded ;it torn the road. Entrance to the back toe given by a uarrowlane, which, diverging from this road, madb a lob]) round the premises and rejoined the main thoroughfare &bout; a quarter of a mile further'on. In front of the louse was a broad terrace, and on this terrace I ms pacing up and down a Aw days after pur arrival when I saw Walter ooming up the drive, the Count and his daughter, as it happened, were both from home, and in Walter's face, ail told him this, I could detect that controdictoiy mixture of relief and disappoint- CDt, Tvhifch most people have experienced at the postponement of an anxious crisis in tlieir affairs. He has come to. ask the Count for his aughter," I said to myself; a^d so it was. After a few turns up and down the terraoe ithout speaking, Walter laid his hand on ny arm and stopped me. "You are the Count's intimate friend," said. " I want you to tell me candidly < hat chance you think I have of gaining aola for my wife?" The blue eyes were very troubled; the trong voice shook as he put the question, id it was with a keen, fueling of regret that 1 answered— J " Very little, I fear, my dear fellow! You emember what I told you about the Count's solve tq avoid any Connection with your ither!" "I remember 1" he answered, letting his 1 ;nd drop from my ai m ;•' but I thought that rliaps his irritation on that point would have Bubsided by this time." "You mistake the Count much," I said. " He is incapable of irritation in the sense in rhich you use the word. His dislike to your ather ia founded on the calm conviction hat he is a bad man, and an undesirable con - ection. You will excuse my plain speaking; ut it is best that you should understand the position." " Certainly it is best," said Walter; " but I think Count GiUBtimani judges too harshly of y father, or, rather, of me on my father's account." " No Walter I—the Count' does not judge kreMy of you ; he likes you much, and has said so in so many words; but as he does not hastily form a judgment, so he does not hastily alter one, and I fear you will find him in the fame mind as he was wlien he spoke to me. But come!—I do not wish to discourage you; you can but try. I-need hardly ask how you stand with the lady herself." "No," said Walter—"I am all right with herl But she would never run counter to her lather's wishes I" " I am much mistaken in her if she would," I replied. " Then there is the question of rcligious opinions 1" " Why, surely, from vrbat I know of the Count, be would make no difficulty on that snoro I" " The Coflnt—no! But I meant the young lady herself! Walter remained silent for a few moments. ; "I hove something to say on that point, " he answered then, " whioh may probably excite jour ridicule." " Say on, and let me judge 1" " I know," he went on, " that men of your school of thought—or at leaBt of the Count's -would scout the idea of a rian's Miofs being influenced through his affech . ona > hut the faofr remains that my opinions on religious matters have latterly undergone a great change, i understand, then, that you attrioute tlus change to the influence of Signorina Gmstmumi? Well, I see nothing in that to ridicule; though I think you would be more correct in attributing the alteration to the <MJ«arguments than to her fascinations." ' pure, lofty, ontroubled faith," said Walter, " and I sim to nave unconsciously imbibed a portion of it." „ J '°, J 0 " <fU yourself a Christian, then ?" i i whnt t0 caU myself; but I do Uow that I believe now in nrnny things wtaoh Questioned when you first knew me " All the better for you," I said. 'Ton uaj remember that I told you 4t the time It , y ata . te , o£ beliet was preferable, for the sate of mental quietude, to a mental attitude j l " ? ^ / 0 ^ ' 0 " ™ - Bat here come the w,!. , 110 s 'Snori,m." J . ' "^tened color and a less com- S ^ f c S *¥*». Walter. u,„ t auui greeted woiiei I 1 ahe finWi i trouble with the padre 1 Pulil,VT : 3 k 1 J n8 -. "Coming out of th torn J i" 6 own - nnd ^ had got tothe ton. gates tefore the owner arriVed in hot S v ' k A 8 ? 1 ^ he was. too; I S S f r 1 " he "<»>" have giU the StC^ r f f e 'J h o u 8 h W' o l l y could have fte fc ^ c h a n e e was far from being in Connr?.\ Mia mial' said the MmetSnrr f n 9 w a n i t t r a ' You have w E ^ L £ ^y to keen me," he added, to Wn/™^ Ewift ' younsman'B ingenuous countenaSoe eyeperused-tte I'aok'nHin!' 15 '' th ™' frrfo"". Eaymond; had fl„Z r „ i who Bueesed what was "°"e a „„!f r e 8p .? to ' and »<». JMins the teialone, Iawoitod the resuft-of the intor- BenUor™' a tarter of an hour the Count tiu S ' ^ 'P 1 " 8 to U e eta &7, I found IwrnhSlt 6 , on 8 Bfcy moustache in much Walter stood by the window, ana inher£,„watedPaola, with a sparkle beto£3 8 flush "PotV her cheek which " I ^ 0 ! i 0 n unUBU » 1 ^th her. Count ..t ? lor y° u 'i m y lriena V " said the that n™ri„ o y° ur opinion on a matter her] v„„ mr * Addison, here, wishes to marry objection'^^dy aware of my primary dCfcB°„ e fr U^- a aatch - but I Snd that my gaped (Lt a ««i'ionB are more seripusly'en- WnTo f T I hai ? imagined. Perhaps I lm to end tn interfering ——auuuci sooner to iu put uu, au an acquaintance; but let that pass!— gv^prtflttaattnu I "i 5 " light whioh ? would weakon my objections. Tdo rtot -fleny. you-soa*," he addeft ifith ti smile, "tiiat I'am willing to be pereuided. any more than I have concealed Irom 'Walter that I havo a Rreat personal 'liking tor him. "fiut there 'still mains-^his father 1" "But,'Sir," cried Walter' eagerly,—"my father iB not what you think him 1 and, oven if he were, I do not see that he need make so much difference. It may sound unfilial on my part to oolrtidwledge thBt his habits arc such as to make hith hn undesirable acquaint tance for a .lady, but by his own choice we should see'but little bfhim. 3 *' . "'My.dear boy," said.the Count, "ybu 1 for-' get that you are - still dependent 1 on 'him! Your profeseion would 'not enable you, 1 for years tn come, to support a wife." *' I can wait," said, Walter. ; " I am no .friend to long engagements^1 waB tho-reply ; ."and my Janghter shall not form one with my consent." Paola came swiftly forward and clasped the Count's hand. " You loved my mother I" she said—"take pity,on asI", " Cara mia," was the dry reply, «' itis just because I take pity, on you that. I wish to secure youbread to cat, and so. forth. Now, .Raymond," he added, turning, to me with something like a twinkle in his eye,—"you have not given your opinion yet." "41yr opinion, Count, is all in favour of these young lovers; though I must admit that the want of means is a serious objection. But perhaps you and I could" " Stay, my friend 1" interrupted the Count; " I know what you woiild say, but that is not to be thought of for a moment—as far as you are concerned, at anyrate. Listen to me, Walter I Should you marry my daughter, I am able and willing to support ybu both until you are in a position to dispense with my assistance; but I tell .yon plainly, that I shall think the worse of you if you accept the proposal!" "Then you shall not think the worse of me on that account, at all events'l" returned Walter warmly. " I could not think of snch a plan for a. moment! But you forgot—my father is rich! . It will be easy for him to give us the necessary inoomof The Count took a few turns in silence. " Your father," he said then, " would certainly hot approve of your marriage with my daughter. How that would affect bis relations with yourself, you ought to be the best judge." _ . . " Believe me, sir," returned j^alter—" whatever he may appear to others, he has always been a most kind and indulgent father to me. Give us your consen, tand I am confident of his!" And you really love thiB young man so much?" said the Count, turning to his daughter. " With all my heart!" Bhe said; and then,* with a noble simplicity in no. way akin to unmaidenly forwardness, she went up to Walter and took his hand in hers. A remarkable-looking couple they made, as they stood side by aide, gazing eagerly at the Count's inscrutable lace. The girl—of equal height with her lover—appeared the taller of the two, and her lofty southern beauty contrasted strongly with " the square, sturdy, Saxon aspoct'of Walter, whose bright blue eye alone seemed to denote anything of a kindred spirit withFaoia's. " Tall and short! ", muttered the Coiuit, meditating, aloud as he looked at them. "This predilection of tall Tjomenfor short men—but I forget! This is what I decide, Walter. If, os you expect, your father be willing to make a sufficient provision for you, I will consent to the marriage; but it is only fair to tell you, at the samo time, that I make this concession in the full belief that I shall not be called upon to fulfil it. You think differently? Very well; go and talk the matter over by yourselves, but remember that I -will not.relax the conditions I have fixed 1" " What were you saying just now, Count, about tall women and short men ?" I asked, when the lovers had left the room. " You interrupted yourself, you remember." " All, yes! You musthavc remarked, yourself, that persons, whose stature is much above or much below the average generally select from the other sex a partner who possesses the opposite characteristics." " Yea; it is a matter of common observation." 1 " How do you account lor it ? " " I suppose it is the attraction of wpposites." " It is more than that I It is a provision of Nature for the maintenance of her average standard of growth.' If over and undersized men and women preferred mates of corresponding stature, the human race would gradually run to giants, on the one hand, and pigmies on the other! " • " That is a new view of the subject to me," X replied," but it certainly seems to rest on a reasonable basis." " Yes; you. will find the same force at work all through Nature. Any .divergence from her normal types inevitably contains within it the seeds of reversion to thoBe types." " You appear to think, then, that the promptings of Nature will not be carried out in thia particular instance." " With regard to Walter and Paola, you mean ? No—I am as certain as that I stand here that Addison will Tefuse his consent to the matoh. As you heard me say to Walter, it is in that conviction that I make the marriafie contingent on his' father's approval. Had I the least fear of that approval bling obtained, I would not make the conditions I do, for my detestation of the elder Addison remains undiminished; though, as Walter might begin.to think I was indulging in an unreasonable degree t>f animus; I have chosen to make the monetary qbjection the osten Bible one." " Hut m a few years," I remarked, " Wal ter's profession will make him indepen dent of his father, and thus dispose of "" monetary objections." The Count smiled his caustic smile, our hair thin, and your beard grey, friend laymond, he said, as he tapped.me on the shoulder, " and do you calculote like a boy upon what may happen in a few years ?" CHAPTEB XIX. Walter lost no time in writing to his father upon the subject of the marriage, and eo confident yras he of a favorable answer that he looked upon the matter as already settled. I was much loss sanguine in tha matter, however, for my confidence in the Count's sagacity was great; but I kept my misgivings to myself, and made no attempt to damp Walter's expectations. 1 " Are you anything of a sporting man ? he aBkcd me,,rather obruptly, on the morning following the conversation detailed in the precedihg chapter. . "I used to take a good deal of interest in such matters," I replied; "but not latterly, Why do you ask?" ' . . -t "Because I wish to:tell you that, oven if we take the worst for granted—if we suppose my father refuses his consent, I have stall got a string to my bow I" "Indeed! But what has that to do with sporting matters ?" "..jwill tell you. You hove heard oft Melbourne Cup ?" • ; Of course; the great race of the year. "Yes. Well, it will be Tun in a;couple of months from now, and King of the South - first favourite " "Sb'J see by the papers. The public ap pear toW great confidence in him.' " So muoh the worse for the pubhc I I know ui a uoun, . * . • of horse that can run away from anything in the raoe, and that horse is not King of tue Sout in the 1 ' ! ~ ua y. more, at all!"' lie in . 'Scarcely \- . mentioned betting • • • : Indeed I Aafl this wonderful ahimlll presume you havii backed;" ^"Yes; \ have got imjhenfce oddB'against him'.' 1 .1 am 'nbt at lilxflrty- to^ mehtiota hia name,- but I oan put something on him foryouif you "wish." . ; •• "Thank you 1—l am -nol inclined to specu. late; and if ytu'lltake my advice you'll have nothing to do with.him either i" • "Oil, I havf-nbt inn'ch to lofe, and I stand to win 'enough' tb make me quite independent of my father I" . ' . Ishook my heafl. " My cxperieiice teachefl me to'plntfelittleiaith in 'tips' of any kina," I said; " and thsie veiy mysterious and won. derful jriebes .of information are doubly suspicious. But ! hope you know your man." "I do; there ore two of them, and I believe they are both to be relied on. I 'am going to see them this evening; and, if you ^like to come with me, I'll show yon a little Melbourne sporting life." Agreed 1—provided it bii not of too low an order." Oh, no 1 Quite respectable, for the sort of thing. I'll oall for you in the evening; goodbye in the meantime—I must get back to the office.'' "I wonder what the Count would say to this betting business," I said' to myself when Walter had left me. " I'll sound Mm on the Bubjeot at the first opportunity." But, though I carried out this intention in what I thought was a most diplomaticmanner, the quick-witted Count saw how the land lay in a moment. "AhI" he said—"I suppose our friend Walter has been dabbling in it. This betting mania." mania," he lift wmt went on,' nn 11 u:q is nothing nntliinfr more moM than the lottery-fever of the Continent, in another form. Your English law theoretically forbids lotteries, juid so the inherent delight in the worship of chanoe must find another outlet. 1 Not that there is any difference in principle. It is all very well to talk of the delight in a good raoe—the improvement in the breed of horses, and so forth; absolutely prohibit the betting, and horse-racing will sink into insignifioanoe, instead of being, as now, the all-cngrosBing amusement of this community. As regards any proclivities which Walter may havein that direction, it will be time enough for me to consider that question when this matter of the marriage is settled." Seven o'clock the same evening found me approaching with Walter.a well-known sporting hotel in one of the principal streets of Melbourne. The front was a blaze of light, and, as we entered at a side-door, Walter informed me that the landlord was the celebrated Bill Crusher, ex- champion of England. Pas sing, along a narrow entry, through various openings in .which we caught occasional glimpses of the bar, resplendent with carving and gilding, we reached a small, comfortably furnished room, the very atmosphere of which seemed to be charged with " sport." On the mantlepiece' was a stuffed bull-termer in a glass-case, with a legend setting forth his apocryphal doings in the rat-killing way; above that again was a surprising work of art in whioh all the colore of the rainbow had been lavished upon the representation of a celebrated "finish" for the Derby, whilst round the walls the portraits of English scullers and American trotters alternated with those of various ornaments of the prizering, preparing in the most exemplary . pugilistic attitudes to, do .battle with nothing n particular. My men will be here directly," said Walter, as, having looked at his watch, he rang the bell and ordered a bottle of sherry; and by the time a broken-nosed barman returned with the wine the expeoted persons had made their appearance. Evidently both of the " horsy" genus, they nevertheless presented a widely different aspect. The_bigger of the t^>, who was unmistakeably a son of Abraham, was wheezy of voice and fleshy of face; his dress was of ultra fashionable and horsy cut, and the coarseness of his dirty red hands was enhanoed by the numerous cheap rings which bedizened his fingers. The other was a low-sized, wiry with hard, square features, Bmall, piercing eyes, and a twist in the corncr of his wide, thin-lipped mouth as if he carried a straw in it. Aw'll take a drop o' gin hot," said the latter, in a strong Yorkshire accent, when asked what ho would take. "Aw didn't think 'at yo'd a brought anybody wi' yo' t'neet!" " Oh, it doesn't matter I" said Walter— this is a friend of mine, who is just as safe as myself." Do—lighted to see any friend of yours, Mishter Addison," wheezed the other worthy, lighting a villainous cigar asjhe spoke. " I shuppose you've.come prepared for us, eh ?" " Yes," said Walter, and, taking out his pocket-book, he handed each of them a small packet of notes. " S'help me I" said the Jew, when he had counted hiB, " you've got the hinformation cheap—dirt cheap I Ain't he, Jem ?" The Yorkshireman did not answer until he bad slowly counted his money over twice then, placing it in a greasy pocket-book, he squirted a stream of tobacco- juice from the corner of his mouth and sententiously ejaculated, " Worth foive toimes t'brass 1" Come, cornel" said Walter with a laugh —"it's too late to talk about that, now ! The bargain's made I Now, Baymond, we'll go upstairs and see a bit of sparring. That's the cause of the noise up there," he added, alluding to a mysterious Bhuffiing and trampling which had been going on for some time over our heads. I now began to see that Walter was a much greener' hand in sporting matters than I had supposed. 'He had evidently been paying pretty smartly for what was in all probability a worthless piece of information, and as we ascended the stairB I determined to take the first opportunity of opening his eyes. Turn- ing into a dark passage, we paused at a door, upon whioh Walter tapped in a peculiar manner. A sliding panel was immediately withdrawn, and, after a muttered colloquy with the guardian' of the door, it was cautiously opened, and we found ourselves in a large and brilliantly-lighted room, in the centre of which was a space covered with sawdust and fenced off with ropes. Within the enclosure two devotees of the fistic art were pummelling each other with might and main, and on the benches round the walls sat a crowd of spectators, ranging in degree from the most elaborately dressed " swell" to the debased- looking creatures who formed the link between i the low-ciass pugilist and the thief pure and simple. " Why all this precaution ?" I whispered to Walter, as we took'our eeats. " Sparring with gloves is not againat the law here, is it ?" "No," he returned, "but these men are using what are called 'skin gloves,' which afford scarcely any protection from the blows. An encounter with them is virtually a prizefight, so there is a possibility of the police interfering," and, at that very moment, as if to illustrate his meaning, one'of the combatants was knocked down by a blow which sounded upon his battered countenance as if it had been dealt with the naked fist. I felt somewhat disgusted, for, though not unacquainted with the pugilistic mystery myself, I heartily disapproved of prize-fighting, and had entered the room with the expectation of seeing only a display of harmless sparring; but before I could make up my mind whether to sit the thing out or not, a thundering knock resounded on the door, and a stentorian voice demanded admission " in the Queen's name!" All was confusion in a moment. The com b^tdnlsiprang ; but of the-ring, the spectatoia jumped down from theirrbehches; and a confused rash iHade'Ibtfiha dobratflieothcr end of the room; '' r Cariied along Tbjf the^lress, I lost, sight.of Walter, and found myielf hustled helplessly down a. flight of' Waits leading tothe back of the house. Presently we came "to a 'email door J it' was burst open; tlieliuman 'stream poured out nnd scattered, and 1 foundInyself m a narrow passage,.apparently leading from one street to another. Ignorant of 'the locality;' I turned in the wrong 'direction, and reached ' what soon turned out to be a dangerous neighbourhood. A narrow'street, with mean, dingy houses, and suspicious looking forms hovering furtively about the corners of the nutnerous .lanes which lei off on either side. "A Villainous looking place!" I said to myself 'as 1 turned to retrace my steps; bnt, before I had gone many yards, I found myself confronted by two dark figures. ; Oah you give me a light, sir?" came from one of ' them, hut I was on my guard, and ready for the'rush which followed before I could reply. One of the men I avoided altogether, and dealt the other a blow in the ehest -which staggered him. " " Oh! that's your sort, is it ? " he cried savagely, as he rccoverea himself.' "Come on, Bob; and well Bottle his hash for him I" I cast a rapid glance around; not a soul was in sight but my two antagonists—both men of nearly my own size—and, after a rapid interchange of blows, I received a stroke on the head which staggered me; but, just as' the fellows were closing up, a crashing blow sent one of them to the ground like a clod; 'The other immediately took to hid heels; and, turning round, I saw beside me a powerfully built man of middle size, with bowed legs and disproportionately long arms. "Thank you, my friend," I.said. "That was a timely blow. Will you help me to give this fellow in charge?" " No, sir—no," was the unexpected reply, " If I have done you any service, I ask you to requite it by letting the man go,',' and, before I could answer, the thief pettled the matter himself by scrambling to his feet and running away., " That docidea it," I said. " I think your request a.strange one, but, nevertheless, I am much beholden to you foi. your assistance. I am a comparative stranger in Melbourne." " fio I supposed. Let me put you in your wayigain." "I have seen you before," I said, as we passed a lamp and the light revealed my companion's features. " Were you nbt in the sparring-room just now?" "I was, and I saw you there; I supppse you missed your friend in the crush." " Yea, but I shall sson find him again. May I offer you any money?" I added, with some hesitation, for, though my Tescuer's broad shoulders jrere clad only in a rough pea-jacket, and his head in a rough fur cap, his language was that of an educated person, and his physiognomy had struck me in the boxing-room as being that of no common man. . " Thank ybu—no," he returned briefly. " There's your way; good night!" I found Walter looking out for me in front :of the hotel. "I was beginning to feel anxious about you," he said, " for there were a good many rough characters about. You didn't think we had this sort of thing in Melbourne, till ?" I did not answer immediately, for I was divided between my good wishes for the speaker and my dislike to anything in the way of " preaching." Eg" Do yon approve of' this sort of thing,' Walter?" I asked at last. " Of prizefighting, for instance ?" "Well, no; I can't say I do. But you don't think there's any harm in learning how to use one's fists, do you?" " Certainly not I I can do a little in that way myself; nor is ;it many minutes since I found the knowledge useful." "By Jove!"; said Walter, when I had briefly described my reecnt adventure; " there's a case in point, you see." " Yes, I don't deny it. But such an exhibition as we witnessed to-night can do no possible good, and it would be better to remain ignorant of the 4 noble art' than to acquire it among such debasing surroundings. Then there is another thing I wish to speak to you about, if you will forgive mo for lecturing, and put it down to the interest I take in you." " Speak plainly," said Walter. " I' am ready to be guided by your advice." " You cannot be guided by it in this instance, unfortunately, fdr the harm is already done. I refer to the money you paid those two scoundrels for the ' tip.'" " Why, Baymond I" laughed Walter," that is not like you—to put men down as scoundrels solely on the score of their looks." " No," I admitted, " it is not like me; but my impression is all the more strong on that account^ May I ask what you paid them ?" " Fifty each!" " Thrown away 1" " If I thought so," began Walter—" if I thought they were deceiving me"— " You could do nothing!" I put in. " They would say they were deceived themselves." " So they would, no doubt! Well, never mind; I have no fears about the matter. Have a weed ?" "'Lucrezia Borgia' to-morrow night," I said, looking at the bill on the gate of the Opera-house, opposite which we had stopped to light our cigars. _" My favorite opera! Will you come and hear it ?" "Yes, if you wish. Perhaps the Count and the bitjnorina Would come too." I'll ask them when I get back." Very good. And, by-the-way, I think you had better turn back now to catch your train. I'll come out to Cintra to-morrow afternoon." CHAPTER XX. Baldovino," said the Count, in Italian, to his old servant next morning; " did not I yesterday see thee working in the garden?" Of a truth, Eecellenia," answered the old man, " I did therein labor a little—only a little 1" That was. not well, my friend," said his master. " Thou growest old and feeble, and such work is not for thee.. I will engage, a man to attend to the garden. Sec to it, figlia mial" " I will advertise to-morrow," replied Paola. " Baldovino shall in future take his ease with his cigarette, while he superintends operations," she added, with a laugh. "The sir}noriua is pleased to be merry," said the old fellow, with a low bow, " but the idleness it likes not Baldovino, and with the sigmrina'e permission be will still do so much as is possible to him." " Well, well—as thou pleasest,". said the Count; " but take care of thyself, for thou hast been a faithful and hard-working servant I National prejudice,' he went on, in English, when Baldovino had hobbled out of theroom, "callstheltalianlazy; butlfearme that what passes for laziness is too often the want of something to do. The traveller sees the lazzaroni lying about in the sun all day. ' What an indolent people 1' he says; forgetting that work must be had before it oan be done, and shutting his eyes to the fact that those Italians who have it—do it with might and main. The history of Italy would prove—ah! by-the-way, that reminds me, Baymond—you want us to go and hear 'Lucrezia Borgia' to-night. Did you think Italian opera in Melbourne would be worth listening to ?" I don't expect much," I-answcred, " and so I cannot bo much disappointed." "Well, you will find this company sur- singly good. The piocos. of course, cannot pUced on .the stage with the splendour,'of iondbn' J oit ; PariB'; still; they are iairly rhonntod,.and the isinging (knot tb.be dfes: pisedl.7 Indeed the hiu&o;—the Duke, Alfonsb of to- night—is it present under -engagement to London', and in my opinion he Will do no discredit to tbe boards of Bar Majesty's. But you will be able to ' judge for yourself this evening. I see by the papers, too, that a now tenor undertakes Gennaro, but I do not expect much from him—the tenor is always the weak point of second and third-rate companies." Donizetti's " Luorezia" is everywhere a favourite, and when we reached the Operahouse in the eyening it waB filled from floor to ceiling. , The overture was played—the curtain raised—the opening chorus sung— and the new Gennaro made his appearanoo. Though evidently not young, he was slight and 'undersized, and certainly looked more of a stripling than the robust young woman who piayed'Maffco Orsini; but his voice was good, and had something in its tones which awoke a vague reoollection within me. His face, too—despite the tinted cheek, the blackened.eyebrow, and the pointed beard— struck me as one that I had Been before, and for some time I vainly tried to remember where; .but no sooner had tbe singer approached the footlights and commenced the beautiful " Di pescator' ignobile" than the truth came to me like a flash. The voice was Dumarlay's I I looked rpund at tho Cpunt and saw by his face that he had made, by the eye, that discovery which had come to me through the Yes!—scarcely less sweet and powerful for the passage of over twenty years, these were the tones which had made such an indelible impression upon my memory on that loni past night at Monkton-Edgett. My mini travelled back to that time, and, absorbed, in a painful reverie, I heard as in a dream the increasing applause which greeted each successive effort of the new singer. Would he recognise the Count or myself, I wondered; but no—his eyes, as tbey roved over the house, rested upon our party several times, and no look or motion betokened that he knew rather of us. But after a time something occurred which did make him start. Towards the end of the second act there flounced into the stalls a party of flaunting, overdressed women, and no sooner did Gennaro's glance alight on them than he gasped, faltered in his musio— and then went on again with an evident effort. Directing my glass upon the group which had caused this emotion, I was startled in my turn to recognise another link between me and my unfortunate past. Amongst the impudent painted faces—altered by yearsand dissipation, by rouge and violet powder, but unmistakeable through all—was the face of Glika Nasilovitch! That she had—wholly or partially—recog nised Dumarlay was evident , from the fixed gaze with which she regarded him; Singing or silent, moving about or standing still, she never took her eyes off him, and BO uncomfortable did he grow under this scrutiny that his performance deteriorated until people began to think if he was ill. At last, however, the Bussian relieved him of her presence by leaving the house, and the last act was Bung as well as the first had been. The opera came to an end; Gennaro, having duly died in great agony, was called before the curtain to receive, with, his supposi-ti-tious mother, a final tribute of applause, and then for the first time I thought of looking at the play-bill. " Gennaro—Signor Claudio Dimarelli." " Claude Dumarlay, Italianised," I said to the Count, as wo left the theatre: " That re moves all doubt I" "Yes," he replied; "but I knew him the moment I set eyes on him." " He is not the only ghost of the past that has risen before me to-night," I said, and was proceeding to speak of the BusBian woman, when the all-seeing Count interrupted me. He had recognised her as soon as I had. "Put these wretches out of your mind, my dear llaymond," he said. " They were not in it when you went to the theatre, and a little effort will drive them out again." But even as he spoke, and as we crossed the Btreet which skirted the rear of the Operahouse, we saw a dense crowd collected round the stage-door, and soon gathered from the scraps of conversation around us that Bignor Dimarelli had been accosted, upon leaving the theatre, by a low woman, who bad not only claimed him as an old friend but had assaulted him upon his repudiating the acquaintance. "The traps is taken 'er off to chokeyl shouted one delighted gamin to another, and in a few minutes two constables made their way through the throng, dragging between them—struggling, yelling aftd blaspheming- Glika Nasilovitch. " I thought as much," said the Count, as, having seen them disappear into tho neighbouring police-office, we pursued our way to the railway-station, whither Walter and Paola had preceded us. , (To be continued.) 