Sadden Death of Mr. Wil liam Forster, M.P. We deeply regret to have to announco the death of Mr. William i'orster, M.L.A. Mr. Forster had for some timti eipce bean feeling unvrell, and recently underwent an esamiaation at tho banes of a medical man, iiho roEalt as for as we can gathor disclosing nothing elarmiTig. On Thursday last he Oomplniaod to & hrdY;T»R* W M r*f Ravnm T-.fi^«it in -fhn fliioct. «»n«1 was nmra -st leafe Tiifwoll till Sunday, \rtjen he ex pressed himself as feeling mnoJi better. Thia morn iny the staftlinff newB reached t'oa city that h'9 bud died suadenly ^t about 4 o'clock a.m. at his ' raslfience,' Hazlemor, BdgecUff-road, Woollahra. Oa enquiring at the residence for particulars fids morning' pur reporter found the ! inmates very reticent, and beyond a corroboration of the meliujoholy intelligence of thd hon. gentleman's decoose, they declined to glf e any information for tho 'prosen*. It has transpired however that early this morning Dr. Alfred Boberts .was sent for, but hs being absent Ca the qQuatty at tho time, could not be Bummoned and attend till fate in tbe aa$\ Meantime Dj. Hott attended, but death had occurred a.B stated. In view of tiie aasioty feit for information resuooting the circumstanues. wi? regret that fuller partioulars have not been supplied. It. is stated in political circles that tho Assembly will to morrow evening adjourn oat of reEpssfc te- tho memory of the deoeaEou genfienian. One of Mr. Forster'6 sons is » solicitor, residing at Bourke, atsd. baa. of course, been suiuiuoned to Sydney. Mr. Forslfir haA bs^n twice raarried, end loaves a family by each wife, whoso grief at the bereavement will b» very- generally shared by iho people of Haw South Wales. Mr. JForster vcaa a native of Madras, Iiis psi- cnt-s were fisig-lishj and he wss horn in tiie year 1813. Ho arrived ia tha colony when he was ouly 11 years of agfe. And becaras a pszpil of thai distinguished scholar aud teacher, ihe latss W. 'I. Cape. His fondness for Jiieraturs wftH mn-nif estod at a very early age, and Ms talents as a -write! were so--u fiovoloped. 'While yet a very youu-r ican It& ectcrefl into squ^timg ptu-Enits.i a.n-i about tLo tin:e that- ISt. (now Sit Joli?.) liobf- rtsr.u wasaotinjr as the dolojrata of the norfclvorii aquatf ors on tbo cfcrestion fhr,t ?tfw taon roiise'i of liniirinjf tii'j grazing limits in canssqnenoe of alleged poisoning of aborfglnala. Mr. FcrsTer vrcte ft siatiro, winch ho published in ibo ' ^.ilas,'' entitled *' The Devii and th« Governor.' Shortly after ha wrote a Bniire entiWcd 'The Goniue and tbe Ghost,' which jras directed ajEir-ct the eystom of transportation,, Durirjg flts Crtmoati Wer he wrote a sonnet in aiGToeolonni strum, oa a&ttoiml; grandeur and docsay. But his genims tat pafira has beon n.ore allied with the logic Knd oioqneaoD of pubiio oratSons then with the art of YftrsiSoftlion, In whioh lie has shown that h© can excel. Shortly after ihe iutroduotion of Eespocsiblo GoveminGiii, 5ir Porster made himself known to the people ot this 6ountrrasa leader inpaSf liameoteryeotSicte. At different times he represented East Sydney, Sfc.JjeonardB, tho HafitingB.Qnoanboyftn, TU&warrav; and Murrnrabiajn)9. SVom the time of his entering Parliament Mr. Fbi-ster was s keen critio of tho Cowper Adminlptratio&. Agreeing with *hat Administfaticfti in political principles, he was ever on ' the alert to detyat inoonsietenoy in their praeticas. Wheu the Jjducafcion question catae.on the ^.enOEii- Bationa! tonaenciesoi Mr. Cowpei-'s scheme onerfed 6.n opportunity for atteck. Thir- 'JoferDjneat was de feated, and ilr. Forster jfa^ entrusted with the work of forming a ministry. Uo associated with himseif Mr. Jchn Blp.ck (cs Minister of Lends), Mr. Saul Rumiiei (as Treasurer), lit. G. ifogar (as Ministe? for Works), Mr. B. Wise, afterwu-rds SvAgs of tlits Supreme Court fas Attorn ey- Gouc-rsl), ;rnd Mr. J. F. Harg-rare, now Mr. JuBtico Hargrcvo (as Solicitor- Oenoral). This Mbiistry was.dcfeatGd on their Upper House Electoral Bill, and rotSred in March, 18(30. Mr. Forstcr ha? not siacc that timo been at the h-2ad of an administration, altbonsfh the ooportenits- of tek iua that position was offort-fl tc Sum in May. 1872. Wiioa the Martin Ministry wns digested on the Bor4or Duties question. He web Colonial Secretary in ISi. llartin'g first ministry. mj-I Secretary for Lands in Mr. Robertson's second ministry. From February 9, 1875, to February 1, iSTO, ho was Colonial Troa etirer in tho Bobortson Ministry, and on thai date was BppoJntea Agent-Gcnoral for the colony of New South Wsfae, resident tn Lonuoc. In the dlsonarg-e of tho duties of thia important office Ire brought groat, ability to )--mr, anA worthily re prosented tho colony at none ; but in his correspon dence with liis official pupcriov in Syfiaoy, 8ir Henry Parkss, hu was provolrod iato employing laisgTjap-o, the tone cf which wrs resented by the Colonial Secre tary, and the rssult was tho recall of Mr. jf?orster from Iiis position, acd the subsequent ftptooinfanent of Llr. (nowgir SanlJSasnael. Sir. Forster, a few months after his recall, returned to the colony, sad on his atr5va! -?ras eurprSsed to and that, while on Ms voy&sre; out -ttio electors of OuiiSagai had doae him tlie lioaour of olectiDg elm as thdi reprij^cEta-tive in tie Iieslsiciive Assesjbir. JJo Jiod slvrays sisce raiced highly this wnc-xpected esprossion of confidence. His reception on Ms Tetum to Syfiaey was yefy cordial, txnd a large number of the most influential oitizens oatertainod hijc at a public ban quot. Up to the 9mc cf mg death he continued to represent; the alootorato of Gundagai, taking a close interest in all matters that came before tho Parlia ment. He was requested to assume the leadership of tho Opposition, but dBclinenl, though closely allied to the.party. Itwos in Opposition that his talents as a politician have been boat displayed. In tbe strength of bis logical powers, and the colturo oi ]vs iatelloc tual fsonjrie*, he wag unrjueEticnably the foremost men. Sa tiie New Sou'gb. Wales Parliament, and the loss flmt his demise has occasioned is one that cannot easily bo filled up. 