?pteraiitw. THE MAETYEDOM OF MADELINE. A NEW NOVEL. By Robert Buchabjuj, ?iiithor of ' A Child of K ature ; or, The Tutsi of Aml&xiioiie;' 'Shadow of the Sword, &c;, &c.; Chapter XXXV.— The Seahch. It was the first great shock that Forster iiad ever felt during a life of quiet activity, marked from time to time by small and fre quently ignoble troubles ; and it struck him like a thunderbolt — to use the familar but terribly expressive simile. When he came to himself he was like a man mentally stupefied and physically decrepit. He read the letter over and over again, wept over it, and the more he read it the less he understood its true meaning. Only one thing was clear — -that Madeline had left his house of her own fiee will, with no intention of returning, and with' no hint of any reason for her flight. Despite his sister's entreaties, he himself lef t the house in search of the fugitive. It was now long past midnight, and the rain was still falling heavily ; but he buttoned his great coat around him, and rushed off into the street His first enquiries were of the policemen in ifce neighborhood, but they could tell him nothing. He hastened then to the nearest cabstand, thinking that possibly Madeline might have hired a vehicle there; but he '?? gained no information. Then he stood help less under the dark sky, in the midst of the gicat city, uncertain which way to turn. For he had not the slightest clue to guide iiini in his search. Madeline had no friends in the city to whom she might fly ; none, cer tsinly, to his knowledge, and White himself bad told him that she was a friendless orphan. The thought of White, however, brought up the recollection, of Madame de Berny, who had been keeping house for White when he died, and who was still (thanks to Forster's assistance) in possession of the old quarters, which she let in lodgings. It was just possible that Madeline might have gone tJierti, The thought was enough- He hailed a Iiausom, and was driven rapidly to St. John's Wcod. He was doomed to disappointment. When lie bad aroused the sleeping house, and scared Madame Beauvoir out of her wits by the fight of his haggard spectral face, he found that the poor soul knew nothing. He hurried away with scarcely a word of explanation. All that night he haunted the streets, seek ing for a trace, a sign, of any kind. Of course, it was in vain. Long afterday break he returned to his lonely house and found his sister awaiting Mm in deep anxiety. She saw, by one glance at his face that he had been unsuccessful. He walked into the study and threw himself into a chair; she followed him, and touched Viim on the shoulder. He looked up wildly, like a man whose wits are going. ? ' You have heard nothing?' she asked. He shook his head in despair. *' I feared you would not,' she continued. *' My dear James, you must have courage— , jcu must look this terrible event in the face. May I speak to you? Do you think you can bear to talk of it, of her f' ' What have you to say V His tone was irritable, almost querulous. 'Only this, James — that you must not torture yourself unnecessarily. Remember, there are others who loye you— myself— your darling boy. If Madeline has left you, it is of her own free wilL I am not surprised that you have not found her ; she doubtless pro vided well against that. She wished to leave you. Don't f oreet that !' ''Why should she wish it?' he groaned, g^gf ' Why do other wives leave their husbands ? They do leave them, every day.' There was something in her tone so sig nificant, so ominous, that he could not mis conceive her. He sprang up as if stung and faced her. ' What do you mean ?' ' I never thdught Madeline quite-happy in this house. I never thought she loved you as you deserved. If she is unworthy _to bear your name ? ' ? ^ 'She is not unworthy ! I will never believe it. I will noi hear one word against her, even from you. Do you hear, not one word ! I know you never cared for her, never treated her like a sister, and now you would poison iny soul against her. I tell you I will not listen to you— never, never !' Margaret Forster felt not a little indig nant; her brow darkened, and the sympa thetic dimness passed away from her cold 'grey eyes ; but being truly mistress of the ; situation, she could afford to be, and was, magnanimous. ' Youare very unjust to me,' she said, 'but I shall think it is your trouble that speaks, and not yourself. I have never been unkind to Madeline j on the contrary, I have treated her with the greatest affection and respect. If I have sometimes thought that she was Scarcely conscious of the duties of a lady in her position, I have always silenced myself with the reflection that she was your choice. Yes, James, always. No matter what I have feared, what I have seen, I have been silent for your sake !' 'In the name of God,' said Forster, im patiently, 'cease to torture me. If you know anything to relieve my suspense, speak out. If not, leave me, leave me !' As he spoke he sunk again into his chair, \- hiding his face in his hands. She watched him for some moments in silence, sighing heavily and occasionally wiping her eyes, for ehe was genuinely affected; but with the firmness of a skilled surgeon, who sympathises with the patient whom it is impossible to spare, since a cruel operation is imperative, she at length spoke again. 'You will hear sad truths sooner or later, James; it is better that you should hear them first from me. I want you to under stand, once for all, that it is useless to waste your strength, to break your heart, over what is irrecoverable.' ' Do you mean Madeline ? I tell yon I will find her. If I search the whole world I will find, her.' ' And if you do, what then ?' ' I will pray to her on my knees to re turn.' ' Whether she is worthy or unworthy ?' 'Margaret, take care ! I can't hear one whisper against her !'* Margaret's lips tightened, and her surgical manner increased. ' If yon will not listen to me,:) she said, 'at least attend to what the world says, these papers were sent under cover to me this morning. It is my duty, James, to bring them to your attention.' So saying she handed to him copies of the Plain Speaker and the Wldrligig. They had indeed been sent to her by an anonymous correspondent, who had taken the trouble to mark the obnoxious paragraphs very care fully in red ink. Forster looked at them, and seemed to read them in a dazed, stupefied sort of way, and as he did so shudder after shudder ran through his frame. But he evinced less surprise than his sister had anticipated. ' Of course, James, you understand these allusions ? Do they refer in any way to your wife? In any case can you explain them 'V ' Tes,' he answered, looking up into her eyes. ' They refer to Madeline V ' I believe so,' he answered, rising, 'and now— oh, God!— I begin to see what has driven my darling away. She feared some infamous persecution ; she dreaded these in fernal slanders ; she read these very words. But I wiil follow her. I will tell her ? ' ' James, dear James, listen to me!' 'Well, well!' ' Are these insinuations true? Is there any foundation for the statement that— that when you married Madeline there was something dreadful, of which you knew nothing, in her past life?' 'It is a lie!' cried Forster, with strange energy. ' She never deceived me — she is in capable of deceit — she is a martyr ! Do you think that I doubt her? If you dream so, you little know either of us. She deceived me in nothing.' 'But there was some scandal, and you heard of it?' ' Whatever there was I knew,'' answered -Forster, firmly ; ' but I will not discuss it it is sacrilege V He made a movement as if to leave the room, but Margaret, who had not yet applied the knife to her own satisfaction, again re strained him. ' Are you sure you knew everything?' she demanded, sadly. 'Everything, I mean before your marriage— and after.' He turned eagerly, and looked at her, for he saw by her tone and by the expression of her face that her words meant more than met the ear. ' After our marriage ?' he repeated. 'Yes, James. Did Madeline inform you that recently, on two separate occasions, she had meetings with a French gentleman — with the very man, I believe, referred to in these paragraphs?' ' She had not ? 'No, it is impossible !' ' Then she did not tell you V 'Kb.' ' But it is the truth.' ' It is not the truth — I will never believe it.' ' I repeat that it is my duty to make you do so,' said Margaret Forster. 'Dear James, you must believe it — better now than Liter on. There is no smoke without fire— no slander without some foundation in fact. May I tell you all I heard?' She saw that he was at her mercy, and forthwith, in her zeal to protect himagainstany further machinations of an unworthy woman, she informed biwi that she had herself wit nessed the meeting with Gavrolles at the Countess Amelia's, and had seen enough to shock and terrify her exceedingly. Then with a certain amount of nervousness, but no com punction, she admitted that, in duty to her brother, she had afterwards played the spy, and had watched from a distance, next day, the secret meeting at the Albert Memorial in Hyde Park. Forster heard her out with a strange sick ness of heart; and when she had finished he looked at her with a face so wistful, so sorrowful, that she could no longer restrain her tears. ' Oh, James,' she cried, 'forget her. She was never worthy of your love. Think of those who do love you — and of your child.' He answered her in £ voice hollow but determined — ^^ 'My first thought must be of her. What yen have told me confirms me in my opinion she was sinless. Until I find her and ask her forgiveness, I shall not rest. Oh Madeline! my love ! my wife.' He rushed weeping from the room. Miss Forster remained spell-bound. ' Find her, and ask her forgiveness !' She could scarcely believe the evidence of her ears ; the idea was so utterly preposterous. Owing to the circumstances of the case, it was impossible to advertise for the fugitive in the pnblic journals, in any such way as would lead to her discovery and discomfiture. She had gone away of her own freewill, and any mystery attached to her disappearance was of her own making. To awaken the hue and cry for her by name would have been to set all the bells of slander pealing, and Forster was determined to spare both him self and the woman he loved so utter a humiliation. Nevertheless, he inserted in the 'agony' column of the Times a brief appeal, signed ' F.,' and headed ' Queen's Gate,' which the initiated only understood. Then he went to the head of a private enquiry office, conducted by a fixm of ex-detectives, and secured his co operation. 'If she's in Liondon, we'll find her, sir,' said the chief, a jaunty, military-looking man, with a bald head and French moustache and imperial. ' We'll set to work at' once. You say sie'd no friends handy?' ' Kone that I am aware of.' 'Equally sure, I suppose, that there ain't a gentleman in the case ? Excuse me ! All in the way of business, you know.' ' I am quite certain she is atone.' 'Very good, sir. I'll let you know the moment we hear anything of importance.' Forster was going to leave the office when he suddenly recollected, with a shudder, his sister's insinuations as to the mysterious meetings with the Frenchman. With a deep sense of shame, while strongly expressing his own faith in his wife's purity, he explamsdto the officer what had taken place. That func tionary immediately pricked up bis ears, for he saw a clue. Could Forster supply him with the Frenchman's name? Forster could rot in the spur of the moment, but that after noon he procured it from his sister (who had it noted carefully down for future use, when at the Countess's}, and sent it on to the en quiry office. A few days afterwards he was informed, quasi-officially, that the French gentleman in question, M. Gavrolles, was living quietly at his London lodgings, and though, watched day and night, appeared quite innocent of any knowledge of the fugitive's whereabouts. This, we may remark in parenthesis, was literally true. The news of Madeline's flight. which, had, of course, been bruited abroad despite all Forster's precautions, had taken Gavrolles utterly by surprise. The cosmic creature felt himself circumvented, bewil dered. His victim had escaped him for the time being, that was clear, and until she re appealed upon the scene, he could do nothing ?whatever in the matter. One morning, as the chief of the private enquiry office sat waiting for business, there wan shown in a gentleman who, after a brief conversation, proved to have come on the very same business already entrusted to the firm by Forsfcer. He wished the strictest enquiry to be made concerning the' where abouts of the missing lady, until she was traced and discovered, when he was at once to receive intimation. 'You'll excuse me. sir,' said the chief, looking very mysterious, ' but may I ask, are you any relation to the lady V ' Kone whatever.' 'A friend, perhaps?' ' Scarcely that. I am interested deeply in her fate, however, and if you find out what has become of her I will pay you hand somely.' The chief seemed to reflect deeply. ' I don't think you mean any harm, sir,' he said presently, 'and I can see you're a real gentleman, but you see we have to be careful. Is Mr. Forster a friend of jour's?' 'Ko : I don't think I ever saw him in my life.' '?Then of course you can't owe him any grudge V ' Certainly not. All the harm I wish him is that be may recover his wife, and that they may be happily reconciled.' The chief smiled. ' Then I don't mind telling you, sir,' he said, ' that we're instructed already— by the husband. You can't serve two masters as the saying is, but if we can oblige you in any way without breaking faith to our first employer, we'll do it.' 'You can keep me informed of your pro gress, and if you are succesful ? :: . 'Let you know? Well, I think we can premise that. Ill take down your name, if you please, sir.' 'Edgar Sutherland,' replied the gentle man, adding the address of his club. ' Ah, sir,' said the officer, 'I'm sorry you're notafriend of the poor gentleman's. Hereally wants a friend. _ To see him coming here day after day, as white as a ghost, and niS eyes all wild with crying, almost turned me over, old hand as I am ; and the rummest thing of all is, he won't hear a word, not as much, as a whisper, against the lady — though it looks black about her. it really does. Good mom ing-, sir ! We'll be sure to let you know.' Had Sutherland been asked why he occu pied himself so closely with the fate of a woman almost a stranger to him he could hardly have replied. FHs first chivalrous in terest had grown into a sentimental fancy, that was all ; and being a man of very deter mined prepossessions, especially where his great hobby concerning womanhood was con cerned, he had been led on and ou from one Sbase of f eelirg to another till his interest in ladelinc became very like a strong ideal passion. Like all the world, he had heard of her disappearance, and learning her connec tion with Gavrolles he had a pretty shrewd guess at its cause. So he had yielded to his overmastering interest and curiosity, and de termined to make the matter a subject for private, but thorough enquiry. Before many days had passed he received a summons which caused him no little agita tion. The chief wanted to see him at once. Madeline had been discovered, but under circumstances so dreadful that they scarcely dared to communicate them at all to her dis tracted husband. CHAirEE XXXYL— ' OiTE Mobe UNFoimns-ATE. ' On arriving at the enquiry office, Sutherland was at once shown into the chief of the es tablishment, who looked truly concerned and anxious. ' Glad you've come, sir,' he said at once ; 'for perhaps you can help me out of my quandary. You got my little note? Well, the fact is, I think — L'm almost sure, in fact — that we've discovered the lady.' 'So you wrote, but how ? Where ?' 'Well it's a sad case!' murmured the chief with a gloomy shake of the head. ' How we're to break it to the husband, who is half mad with grief and anxiety, is a puzzler. My great fear is that the news may get to him before we've time to break it.' ' Explain !' cried Sutherland impatiently. The chief opened bis desk, and took out a large handbill, which he unfolded. ' Just look at this, sir,' he said, while the . young man read it with a shudder. ' This is only a copy of the bill which the police will have all over London to-morrow, andperhaps in some of the papers. I've already been down to Chelsea to make an inspection, and I don't think there's any mistake about it. What .makes it quite clear is the bracelets. Her Christian same — Madeline — is graven inside. But you're not well, sir. I don't wonder it has turned you sick. Shall I give you a drop of brandy ? I have it handy.-'' Sutherland,' who had turned faint and deadly pale, recovered himself with an effort. ? ' If ever mind me. Think of him, her hus band. You say you haven't communicated with him?' 'No, sir. It was only found early this morning, and the moment I heard of the dis covery I sent straight to you.' / ' But the police ? ' 'I've squared that. They wont send to him to-night without communicating with .me.' 'The shock will be frightful— enough to kill him.' ' ISo doubt of that, but there's no help for it — he must know.' 'The first thing to do is to make certain of the identity. The description maybe mis leadirg. I suppose I can see her?' 'Yes, sir,' returned the chief with alacrity. ' If you like, I'll go down with you at once.' A few minutes later Sutherland and the enquiry officer were rattling down towards Putney in a hansoni cab. It was a dark and dismal afternoon in autumn, and as they rapidly passed the gates of Hyde Park the leafless trees looked desolate through a thin mist of rain. To the eye of Edgar Suther land everything looked sombre and dreadful, dark with tragic shadows of sin and death. They drove through Knightsbridge to Hammersmith' then crossing Hammersmith Bridge, beneath which the river rolled_ black and sombre, came into the gloomy purlieus of a desolate waterside suburb. It was now growing dark, and the street lamps which were few and far between, flashed dismally in cheerless bran-new villas (for the most part untenanted and faced with boards 'To Let''), gloomy gardens, dark brickfields, and spaces of damp meadow-stretching down to the riverside. Here and, there a tavern opened its bloodshot eyes, and attracted one or two dreary human moths to its dingy gleam. After passing rapidly through a mile or more of this gloomy neighborhood, the cab turned down a narrow street running at right angles to the river banks, and pulled up before a desolate stone building with the in scription — ' Police Station.' The officer alighted and led the way into a white-washed room, lit by a solitary gas jet, and occupied by a policeman in uniform, who stood at a desk writing. Wafered on the wall, close to the desk, was a placard similar to that which Sutherland had already seen, headed in bold capitals— Found Dbowned ! and giving the description of the body of a female found that morning by a waterman in the near neighborhood of Putney Bridge. After a few hurriedjwords with the enquiry officer, the police sergeant turned to Suther land. 'You wish to identify, sir? I'm afraid jou'll find it a difficult job. As far as I can make out it's been a long time in the water.' Sutherland shuddered as the sergeant, in the most businesslike way possible, took down a key from a nail, and led the way to the back of the building, across a damp yard, and up' to a low wooden door. This he opened leisurely with his key, and revealed a tort of rude mortuary, lit by a gas jet turned so low down as to leave the place almost in darkness. They entered, and when the sergeant bad leisurely turned up the gas saw, stretched out upon a wooden slab, what had once been a living woman. She lay exactly as she had been found, w ith clenched hands and shoeless feet, clad in a' plain dress of serge, partly torn and eaten a** ay. Bound her shoulders were the re mains of a valuable shawl, firmly secured by a lav£.e common shawl pin. Her head was taie, and the loose dark hair, tangled and twisted in moist knots, hung around the dis figured lineaments of a skeletonian face. So horrible was this face, so unrecognisable in its lost humanity, that Sutherland almost swooned as he looked upon it. Alas, what likeness of living flesh and blood could he discover there. 'She must have been drifting up and down for \i ecks,'said the sergeant with professional stolidity, 'and I suppose last night's high tide brought h- r up this way, and carried her into the shallow s. There isn't much remaining of the poor creature, except clothes, sir; and fcer cwn father could scarcely know her. Seems to bave been a fine woman, and quite jtiung, though it's bard to tell even that.' 'lnere is a ring on her finger,' cried Sutherland, '* a wedding ring?' .j 'Yes:' returned the sergeant, 'and I ur.dcrslandthemissiDglady was married? But 1 shouldn't go too much by that, sir. Most of the unfortunates who make a hole in the water wear wedding rings. But these brace lets tow — there's no mistaking them. Just leek, *ir!'s As be spoke, the sergeant took from the slab st the corpse's side one of two elegant bitceieis, greatly tarnished by the water, but ot -ol-d£oid. 'We took them off her and had them (.Ltziid for identification ; they were in a j shocking state, sir, and had workedright int9 I the bone.' f Sutherland took the bracelet, and uttered ; a horrified exclamation, as he deciphered, cut clearly on the solid inner surface, these words : — 2'o Dear Sladeline. A birthday gift /rent her tister, Margaret Forster. At that very moment, as Sutherland stood looking at the bracelet and feeling his heart turn sick within him, a figure flitted in through the open door, and pushing the two other men aside gazed on the corpse with a face almost as terrible, almost as ghastly, as its own. The enquiry officer recognised James Forster in a moment, and made a movement as if to intercept bis view of the dead woman, but in an inttant he v*as on lik knees, gazing wildly into the coH, disfigured face, and stretching out his anna in horrified entreaty and recognition. 'Madeline, my darling !' -The -wild cry rang out in the desolate place with a tone of infinite agony and woe. Chapter XXXV1L— Dust to Dust. Let us draw a veil over the horrors and soi rows of that night. It is enough to say that the distracted husband, when he had re covered from the first paralysing shock of the cruel spectacle, recognised without hesitation in the distorted and disfigured mass the re mains of his beloved wife ; but, indeed, there was no room f o» doubt ; the form and com plexion were the same, and the bracelet, with their inscription, placed the identity beyond the question. Not without difficulty did Sutherland and the police officials persuade Forster to leave the corpse's side. He would fain have remained by it, watching and pray ing, till daybreak ; but at last they prevailed, and Sutherland helped him home. His grief was, indeed, piteous to behold. After the first wild ebullition, he scarcely ?wept; his face was like stone, set in horror and despair; only from time to time he uttered a wild, heartrending moan, and shivered- .through all his frame like a man struck by ague. So he was led home to his lonely house, to the care of his sister, who was stirred to the depths for his sake, and watched him with infinite tenderness. Early next mornipg Sutherland called, and Miss Forster rejoiced to see hiia and accepted with eagerness his offer of personal assistance. AIL night long her brother had remained like one physically crushed and broken, always conscious, and uttering in termittent cries of pain. At daybreak; he would have ftown down to Putney, but they restrained him almost by main force, yet with less difficulty than might have been anticipated, for his strong will seemed shattered and all his spirit clouded as by a frightful dream. Of course, under the circumstances, a public inquest vras unavoidable. At the inquest, evidence of identity was given. Forster claimed the remains as those of his wife, and a sympathetical jury returned a verdict of 'Accidentally drowned.' Society ?was for some days sightly agitated on the subject, the general impression being that that the unfortunate lady, for some un explained reason, had committed suicide. For a marvel, the so-called society journals preserved a decent silence; the fact being that Sutherland, in his capacity of self constituted champion, interviewed both Lagadere and Yahoo, and extracted from them, jointly and severally, a promise to abstain from any immediate allusions to the case. How he affected this object has never been disclosed ; but he' was, as we know, a determined man, and possibly the gentlemen perceived that publication would make corporal chastisement inevitable. They were the more willing to forego their usual carrion, as they were greatly [exercising their readers at that time in speculations as to whether a certain Italian prinia donna, who shall be nameless, was or was not the daughter of an itinerent pieman in the Seven Dials, and as to what were the precise relations between the Prince of Scotland and Mademoiselle Schwangau, the charming topical singer of the Parisian cafes chantants. So it came to pass that the poor remains, in a sealed coffin, were taken to Queen's Gate, and remained there until the day fixed for a quiet funeral. Most of the necessary arrange ments were superintended by Sutherland, who had, as if almost by right, quietly estab lished himself as a friend of the family. The brother and sister accepted his services grate fully, and almost without a word of explana tion. The funeral took place at Kensal Green. The only followers were Forster and his new acquaintance. At the grave the former utterly broke down, his wild tears flowing for the first time. The two men returned to Forster's house together. *' 1 shall never forget youv kindness,' said Forster during an interval of comparative calmness. ' May God bless jou for it ! I am a broken man now, and have nothing left to live for ; but while I live let us be friends.' .And he wrung the young man's hands. 'You have noihing to thank nie for,' replied Sutherland. 'What I have done for you I would, of course, do for any fellow man in distress. But I had a deep respect, a pro found sympathy, for your wife.' 'Though as I understand you scarcely knew her,'said Forster, not without a certain wistful curiosity. ' I could not be said to know her at all. We met twice or thrice almost as strangers, and then I saw her performances at the Par thenon.' ' We were so happy,' cried Forster with a sudden access of passionate emotion; 'and she was so good. All goodness — all goodness. God knows under what misconceptions she left my roof. But I know she had an enemy, and pei haps ? ' ' Can you bear to speak of that ?' inter rupted Sutherland. ' Hitherto I have for borne from touching on the subject, but with your permission I should like to say a few words new.' 'Do so — I will try to attend.' 'You are aware that Mrs. Forster was acquainted with &? Frenchman named Gavrolles, now in London?' 'Yes.' 'Do you know— forgive me if I pain you — the nature of her relations with him?' ' I think I do,' returned Forster. ' Before my darling's guardian died, he confided to me that, when quite a child, she had been betrayed into a mock marriage with a foreigner, who almost immediately abandoned her. I knew this when I married her. I have no doubt this Gavrolles is the same man ; that he again thrust himself in her way ; that, in order to avoid him, and dreading some mis understanding on my part, she yielded to a a wild impulse, and— and ? ' But here Forster broke down sobbing, and hid his face in his hands. Deeply moved, Sutherland touched him gently on the shoulder, as he said— 'I think it has all been as you say. With regard to Mrs. Forster's first acquaintance with this man, I can myself tell you some thing which will, I think, convince you of her innocence in the matter.' Sutherland thereupon briefly recounted his first meeting with Madeline in the hotel at Fecamp, his suspicions of her companion, his offers of assistance ; and explained, also briefly, the part he had taken afterwards, when they met again in France— saying nothing, however, of his own temporary mis conception of Madeline's true character, but describing the manner in which, on her aban- , donment by her pseudo-husband, he had ' restored her into the hands of her guardian. ' ' That is all I know,' he said, in conclusion, ' and I think it is enough to justify you in your noble faith in Mrs. Forster's honor. Frcm first to last, when a mere child, she was this man's victim, and so surely as there's a God above us, her death lies at his door.' Trembling with agitation, Forster rose to his feet. ' Where is he ? Let me see him ! Yes, you are right — he 'has killed her. Tell me where he is, that I may find him out, and ? At this moment a servant entered, bearing a card. A gentleman, he said, was waiting' below, desirous of seeing Mi'. Forster on most important business. Almost mechanically, For&ter; took the card and glanced at it. As be read the inscription upon it he uttered a sharp cry and went deathly pale. Giaven on thfe card, in fantastic letters, with many characteristic flourishes, was the seme : — M. Avgusle de Gavrolles. The first shock of surprise over, Forster glanced up arid found that Sutherland's eyes wtre bent enquiringly upon his. He handed him tho card. 'My wish has been answered,' he said with ominous calmness. 'The very man I most wished to see, is here, only I had rather the meeting had taken place beneath any icof but mine;'' then turning to the servant he added, ' Show the person into the draw ing-room, and say 1 will come to hini.' 'i'L=e servant retired, and once more Suther land amd Koiater wove left alone. Sutherland stcod as if transfixed with the elegant piece oi jattebi/aid bearing the Frenchman's name held before his eyes; while Forster, b»reft cow of »51 his calmness, paced excitedly up' and down the room. The sight of the French man's r-aiuc at such a time almost transformed him into a madman. Trembling from head to foot, jet pale as death, he at last rushed to the dcor, whin Sutherland laid his hand upon, his shoulder tc detain him. '.** Mr. Foister, I see you have made up your mind to meet the man.' ' I have.' 'Well, eo far I think you have done well, but before you meet him will you listen to some advice from me 'i' 'What do you want me to do ?' ' Nothing against your cwn interest, or hers. I know that if you had descended the stairs two minutes ago you would either have strangled this Frenchman or thrashed him within an inch of his life. Your conduct would bave been justifiable, but not ' wise. You yourcelf would have regretted before the morning. Be sure retribution shall come to him, though it may not come to- night. Kow, I want you to forget for a time that this scoundrel ever intended the slightest haim to your dead wife.' ' My God !' 'I know the task will be a hard one, but remember it is for her sake. So far he has played his cards welL He knows even now that his person is sacred, because, if in your grief and anger you were, tempted -to assault him, you would only be the means of seanda dalisiDg the name of the departed.' 'Mr. Sutherland, what does all this mean V ' Only this. I want you to do me a favor. Will you ? Yes cr no ?' 'Yes, certainly, if I can.' 'Let me still be the cbampion~of your ?wife.' 'What! ? ' ' It is for /i«-!?ake, remember. She shallbe avenged, but she must not be scandalised. This Frenchman has some deep motive in coming here. It would be well for both our sakes that I should learn what this motive is. Will you interview him in this room, and conceal me in some place where I can hear your conversation ?' At first Forster protested. To meet the Frercbman in a seemingly amiable spirit seemed beyond him, but Sutherland was so urgent in his pleading that at length his point was won. Forster yielded for Madeline's sake. There was a small lavatory ad joining the study. Into this Sutherland retired, leaving the door ajar. Forster by a tremendous effort controlled his agitation, and, ringing thobell, ordered the Frenchman to be shown upstairs. Gavrolles entered the room. He was neatly clad in black, and on his white face there was a grave look of sorrow. As the door closed behind him he stepped daintily forward to where Forster sat, and as he didEO a siek5y perfume seemed to penetrate the whole atmosphere. Forster raised hia head, looked at thcFrenchmau's outstretched band, but did not move. 'Ah, monsieur,' exclaimed Gavrolles, ' how shall 1 thank you for this interview. I know, monsieur, I must be de trop at such a time as this, but I am as it were a mere machine. I follow not my own inclinations, but the force of circumstances ; they have brought me here.' ' Is this what you have come to say to me?' askt'd Forster coldly. '.Not all, by no mpans all,' returned the Frenchman eagerly ; ' but before we proceed to business I must express to you, monsieur, my deep condolence in a great affliction which has befallen you !' Forstc-r's face grew livid, he half rose from his chair; tfcen remembering his promise to Sutherland he sank back again with a grcan. ' Monsieur Gavrolles,' he said sternly, ' if you come here on business, pray state it with out further preamble ; at all events be good enough not to allude again to my domestic sffairs.' The Frenchman shrugged his shoulders and turned upon Forster a pair of eyes lit with a sickly light. ' Pardon, monsieur,' he returned blandly. ' I am sorry if I have pained you — but in Ihis world it is not the fortune of any one that his path should be all sunshine. Though it is much against my inclination, it is of your affairs that I must sDeak. Listen, monsieur. A little bird has already whispered abroad that Auguste de Gavrolles and Madame Forster were acquainted. Having learped so much, the curiou3 are naturally 3E2ious to hear more. They love romances. Here is one ready made, they say, but there is only one man who can tell it truly ; and that man is Gavrolles. Accordingly Gavrolles is besieged. Well, he does not wish to speak, for though he had been maligned he is a man of honor and an artiste. He is on the hems of a dilemma. The only course for him to take would be to travel far away, but he is a poor man, and without money one can do rothing — absolutely nothing. Do you understand, monsieur?' Forster shook his head. ' I confess I do not.' ' Then I roust speak more plainly. Would it not be well, if you said to me, ' Monsieur Gavrolles, I am a rich man, it shall not be for want of a little filthy lucre that my wife's came is unpleasantly discussed. You shall not want the means to move away !' He paused, and for a moment there was silence. The Frenchman's face went very pale, his smile became even more sickly, as he saw Forster rise slowly from his seat and point to the door. 'That is enough,' he exclaimed, 'leave my house. If we stood face to face beneath acy other roof but mine, I'd V-11 you like a dog.' 'Monsieur, you do not understand.' If. ' 4 Hot understand !' You villain, I under stand too well. I know what you have done. I know what you would do. You made my wife's life a hell ; you tortured her into her grave ; and now, instead of feeling any pity for your victim, you come to me and ask me to pay you money to keep you from slander . ing her name. Leave my house, or as sure as there is a God above us I'll have you whipped like a cur into the street.' Forster was trembling from head to foot with rage. The Frenchman was still cool ; he turned to _ speak, but one look in the other's face silenced him. He made two steps towards the door ; then he paused. He felt in his pocket, drew forth a card, wrote r&pidly; upon it, then turned to Forster again. ' MoEsie.nr,' he said quietly, 'this is my address for three days at least. I leave it in case you may wish to write to me.' So saying, and with a profound bow, he took his leave. Scarcely had the door closed upon the Frenchman when Sutherland burst excitedly into the room. 'Mr. Forster,' he said, ' once more will you do me a favor for your wife's sake?' But Forster seemed deaf to his words. He sack into his chair murmuring in heart broken totes — ' Madeline, my poor murdered wife.' 'Mr. Forster, listen to me. Send the scoundrel the money— let him have his price — conditionally.' ' You advise me to do this?' 'I do.' He bent down and whispered in Forater's ear — Forster started — the two men looked at each other. After some hesitation Forster spoke. ' He shall have the money !' he said. ' And you will make those conditions ?' ' Certainly.' Forster sat down at once, and wrote a note to Gavrolles. In it he said that he (Gavrolles) should be supplied with a certain sum of money, if he would pledge himself to return at once to France. (To be continued. J 