FALOON?BERG. The woman eyed him for an instant keenly. ' You, too, will go with her,' observed the young nobleman. ' I must not dispute your wish,' answered the mistress of the Riaven in a low tone. 'Be it asyou please.' ' It is useless to war against fate,' she men tally thought. Ethel and her mother were placed in the carriage, the Reverend Doctor Barnard taking a seat in the waggon. It appeared rather ufra dri to the ex-college tutor and Oxford don, but he made no difficulty about the arrange ment. The adventure of the night had be wildered him, andcaused a momentary oblivion of what he usually designated the fitness of things. Preceded by the keepers and warreners with their torches, the travellers now took the right path, and after proceeding for an hour cautiously, reached the little town of Walbitrg. As they formed quite a procession, the inhabitants, who had not yet retired to rest, turned out to see them. In one of the foreinost groups stood Joe Mattocks, the sex ton, and Dick Varley. The latter began to questioni Chowl, the carter,whom he seized by the arm, refusing to release him till he had sat isfied his curiosity. SAh !' said the lawyer's clerk. ' They have been flying at higher game than the old serv ants at the Hall this time. Thank God, they have not succeeded.' The sexton, he thought, regarded him kindly. 'What do you think of all this ?' he added. 'My business is with the .dead, riot the living," answered the old man. 'The worms are my only confidants, and we contrive to keep our secrets pretty safely be Stween us.' S'I!wish I knew what to think of you,' ob ise'rved Varley, after a pause. * Don't think at all,' replied the sexton, with a smile. 'It tires a weak brain.' 'Weak or strong, I can't help it,' said the -lawyer's clerk. 'Where do you come from? No one knows you-no one; thanks to the mask you wear. The explosion at the powder mills in the north-I think you said it occured in the north-did you good ser vice.' S'Aye,' ejaculated Joseph Mattocks, mu singly, 'it so scarred my features that the mother who bore me, were she living, would fail to recognize me. Not that I have anything. to conceal,' he added cauti ouslry. 'I can believe that. All is concealed al ready.' SThe speakers regarded each other for seve ral instants doubtfully. The old sexton at last appeared to make up his mind to some important step. ..' Dick Varley,' he said, 'you ought to be an honest lad.' 'I am honest.' ' Your mother lived for years in the service ofthe first Lady Falconburg?' 'What do you know respecting my mother?' Sdemanded the young man, greatly surprised. '.She died long before you came to this part of the country. 'Never mind that question now,' replied the sexton;' perhaps I may one day answer it. Tell me honestly: What are your feelings towards the family at the Hall?' SI would risk my life for Lord Walter and the Lady Alice.' SGood i' 'I don't know that I can say as much for their father.' 'Honest,' observed Joseph Mattocks, 'at .any rate. Dick,' continued the old'man. 'I have long kept my eyes upon you. The train ing of a lawyer's offi e has not destroyed your better nature; deadened it'a little, perhaps; made you saucy, self- confident, somewhat too ,ready with your tongue, and much too ready in your judgements. Still there is good in you-much good.' SThank you,' said the young fellow, laugh. .ingly. '.Would you assist nie to preserve the house of Falconberg from a great danger ?' "Right willingly. *" 'And keep the secret ?' 'As your friends, tihe worms, you lately spoke of.' 'I will trust you,' whispered the sexton ' that is, as far as may lbe neccesary to insure yourintelligence and c -operation. Come to mny house in an hour : ' ou will find me alone. My wife has gone to v.s' her friends at Torell, andwill not return till to-morrow. She has :been: plaguing me br, weeks to allow her to go. ' ' Shrewdly done, Muster Mattocks, to get Martha out of the way when a secret is to be kept.. You wouldhave made t capital lawyer.' . ' Perhaps so- perhaps so,' muttered the old man, complacently. 'But tell me how it is that you do not seem surprised at the danger to the Falconbergs which I alluded to ?' ' Something my mother told me on her death-bed.' 'What was it demanded his new confi dant, eagerly, * 'A secret,' answered Dick Varley, dryly. ':Can you not impart it?' 'Not such a fool-. Were I to break faith Swith the dead, what confidence would you have in my keeping it with the living?' 'Dick Varley, said the sexton,-emphati. tally, 'I can trust you.' SWith these words the speaker quitted him. The lawyer's clerk stood gazing thoughtfully after him for some time. ' Hise nature rnust have been originally \- good,' he muttered at last. 'It was a hard fate that grafted a crab-apple orq a peach stem.' There was great astonishment on the arri val of the party at the Grange, where the presence of Lord Walter was least expe ted It turned out as Frank Oatlands had stated, that Lord Falconberg had not ever been in disposed, and yet the letter appeared to have been the handwriting of the late steward, whose fidelity was bryond all. qgestion. 'I cannot comprehend it, observed his lordship. 'What possible motive could an) one have for seeking to deprive me of a son ? It must have been accident.' 'And the letter,' said his brother-in- law; Ned Buckhurst, who did not feel half so con ... fident. : ' Written by the old man in his deliriuni.l · And the two strangers at the Raven ?' " ' Tr~avellers-simply travellers ?!' 'I am not so certain of that,' answered the owner of the (;range. 'These sudden deaths amongst the old servants in your family de mand investigation. As a magistrate, it is my duty to make it. I will not see my nephew sacrificed to your blind confidence. It is my duty to watch over the safety of my sister's child, the only heir,' he added, point tedly, 'between-' ' Hush !' interrupted Lord Falconberg. 'Do liot wound me by such a suggestion. Is he not my brother ?' 'Cain and Abel were brothers, 'observed Ned Buckhurst, dryly. : :: At this allusion his brother-in-law became deadly pale. 'I did not meanthat,"continued the speak er, perceiving the effect his words had pro duced. 'My lord,' he added, 'you are too soft-hearted-too confiding in the honesty of your fellow-men. :The misfortunes of. your early life have clouded your otherwise clear intellect, and lessened the activity of your brain. You live too much in the past I Dreams I Dreams !' 'Would I could forget it,' murmured the peer, with a deep-drawn sigh ; ' but:there is rest in the grave.' . S'The grave.is for the dead. There are duties for the living, and I, am resolved tpo take the investigation of the dark. affair into my own hands. I siall.hunt out the truth, if it is to be found. The life of the heir of two of the oldest houses in the country is not to be assailed with impunity.' On the first rumour of the accident a mes senger had been sent to Dr. Erdale, request ing his immediate attendance at the Grange, where he arrived within half-an- hour of the youth whose life had been so miraculously preserved. In crossing the hall on his way to the apartment to which Ethel had been conveyed, he encountered Lord Walter, Frank, and the mistress of the Raven, who had been summoned to attend Ned Buckhurst and his brother-in law in the library. On recognizing the young nobleman, the doctor started as if he had received an electric shoick, and stood gazing upon him with wondering eyes. ' Do you take me for a ghost;: Erdale ?' exclaimed Lord Walter, at'the same tiie ex tending his hand to him. 'I am still ili the. flesh, and, with the exception of a few slight bruises, uninjured.' 'Thank Heaven !' ejaculated the doctor. 'They told me that you had iallen from the Devil's Gap and been killed.' 'I had a narrow escape,' replied the youth, 'and'but for the devotion of my friend Frank and the miraculous courage of a: weak girl, must have perished. But I have no time to relate the particulars of my adventure 'now. Hasten, my dear doctor, to the chamber: of my sister. You will find my preserver there. I know the goodness of'your heart,' he added, and need not implore"you to use all your skill.' Shaking the man of science warmly by the hand, thespeaker and his two compamnions walked along the library, where Frank gave a long, and, considering the violent excite ment of the scene, a clear and intelligent description of all that had taken place. Occasionally Ned Buckhurst, or the squire, as he was generally designated in the district, nodded approvingly, or asked some questions which he deemed of importance for his notes. The admiration both of his lordship and him self at the courageous conduct of Ethel was warmly and gratefully expressed. 'The devotion of my life would not repay her," observed Lord Walter, warmly. 'We shall see. We shall see,' muttered Ned Buckhurst, with rather a puzzled expres sion upon his countenance. 'Your feelings, my dear boy, are all very proper, highly com mendable; but you must not suffer them to run into exaggeration. And now, my young friend,' he added, turning to Frank, 'the question I am about to put to you I put as a magistrate. Answer it cautiously-truthfully I am certain you will. 'Is it your deliberate conviction that an at tempt has been made to procure the death of my nephew, Lord Walter Falconberg ?' Before the question could be.answered the door of the library opened, and Dr. Erdale walked into the room. The speaker and his brother-in-law both shook hands with him, for they had the strongest conviction not only of'his great pro fessional skill, but general uprightness of character. Deipite his singular, solitary way of living, and disinclination to society, the doctor was a popular man- in the town and neighbourhood of Walburg.' c.r.IriTER IV. THE entrantcee of the: new;comer :interrupted br ia few momienits th, course of the ekamina tion. Iord Walter eai rl iquired afttr his preserver' 'The injury is a slight onue, and will not leave a scar uppn her fair skin, I can safely pledge my repuitation to that,' answered the dbctol:. 'Jut the excitement has' been ter rible. The shock to her nervous system is far more dangerous than the wound upon her temple... But possibly,' he added, seeing that the master of the Grange had been. taking notes, :'LI interrupt important proceedings; if so, I-will withdraw. 'No, no !' exclaimed Ned Buckhurst and his brother-in-law, 'your presence is always welcome; your clear head may be of service.' 'I need not say, my dear lord,' observed the doctor, ' that you may command my services in any way they can be made useful -not that I think they will prove of much value, apart from my profession. In that, perhaps, without vanity, I may be permitted to boast of some little skill.' 'Too modest by half,' thought Frank, men tally.contrasting the humility of his reply with the usual decided tone of the speaker. 'And now,' continued the squire, 'I will thank you to answer my question. ' I am convinced,' said the yoing -farmer, firmly, ' that the danger which threatened the life of Lord Walter was not the result of accident.' Doctor Erdale regarded him very earnestly. 'And on what do yoti ground your opin. ion ?' First, on the displacing of the lamps on the wrong side of the Gap, leaving the preci pice exposed-a thing unheard of before. Secondly, on the letter, real or forced, luring his' lordship on a false pretence of his father's ilness down to Walburg. Again, the presence of two strangers who crossed our pathl a few moments only previous to the infamous at tempt.' :' 'Could you recognize them again ?' ' I fear not,' said our hero. 'They passed like shadows of ill omen; besides I did not see their faces. The same men-at least I suspect they were the same,dined at the Raven. Mary Merril, I suspect, might recognize them.' 'A blind women i!' exclaimed Dr. Erdale, with a smile of incredulity. 'I fear, Frank, you are drawing a littleuponyour imagination, my dear boy.' 'Not when you recollect how keen her sense of hearing is,' answered the young faimer, shrewdly. 'I have knownheraddress many persons by their nameonly from hearing them speak.' 'Friends and neighbors,' suggested the doctor. ' You forget the memory of the heart, sir.' There was something in the reply which checked all further objections on the part of the man of science. H-Ie appeared to be re flecting upon it. 'He is right !' the boy is right I' exclaimed Ned Buckhurst; 'his clear young brain has suggested a solution. I must see'the blind woman in the morning. Now, Mrs. Garnem,' he continued, 'tell me, did your husband know the two travellers who stopped at the Raven ?, '.They spoke as strangers. I saw no signs of recognition between them.' 'I will question him in the morning,' said the squire, ' My dear, kind uncle,' said Lord Walter, taking his hand, 'why trouble yourself any further respecting a circumstance which has had no worse result than the loss of Frank's and which I believe to have been purely the result of accident. I have no enimes-can have no enemies; for to the best of my belief I never injured a living being, certainly not willingly. Why should any one seek my life ?' he added. ' My opinion agrees with yours,' observed Lord Falconberg. ' And I confess I rcline to it,' added Doc tor Erdale. ' Mine is still unchanged,' said Frank Oat lands, firmly. I have swornom to ferret the mystery out; bury it in the centre of the earth and I'll dig it forth. You may be satisfied,' he added turning to his friend, '-but how can those who love you feel so with such a horrible suspicion in their hearts. ? You judge mankind after your own true, generous unsuspicious nature.' Th;e speaker did not allude to the warning Ethel had conveyed to him, lest it might in some way compromise her father, but the impressibn remained upon his brain-a fixed idea; a clew he determined tofollow. 'As npo further proceedings to elucidate the mystery could be taken before morning, Dr. Erdale took his leave, Frank accompanying him. On reaching the lodge gates they shook hands and separated. In describing the churchyard of St. Wal burg, we remarked how picturesquely the ground was broken by the remains of the offices and buildings which once formed parts of the abbey and its dependencies. One of these, a square Norman tower, whose lofty battlements had long disappeared, formed the residence of Joe Mattocks, the sexton. It was situated at the north-east angle of the burying ground, in a direct line with the lichen or funeral gate, and probably had once formed at' entrance to the abbot's lodgings. The lower part of the tower contained the implements ot his lugubrious trade-spades, planks, cords for lowering the coffins, the bier for the parish poor, together with fragments of broken tombstones, mutilated statues of forgotten saints, and several faded escut cheons on which might be traced the half obliterated arms of the principal neighboring families. The old man felt quite proud of the miscel. laneous collection of odds and ends he had gathered, and was daily adding to the num ber;l he scarcely ever opened a fresh grave Iut some relic of bye-gone ages would turn up. His wife, Martha, called them his hor rors, and had made many unsuccessful at tempts to obtain their removal to the dead house as a more fitting place for them. It was, however, one of the few points on which her husband proved inflexible. The upper portion of the tower, reached by a winding staircase, had been divided into two rooms by a partition of massive oak ; the first served the solitary couple as kitchen and living-room, the inner one their sleeping apartment. Joe Mattocks was seated at the table, from which the remains of his frugal supper had not been removed. His forehead, wrinkled with age, and ploughed by the deep scar which disfigured his visage, rested upon his hand. He was still debating in his own mind the wisdom of confiding in the lawyer's clerk probably he half regretted the confidence he had already reposed in him-and yet he re quired the assistance of some one younger and stronger than himself. 'Thirty years ago,' he muttered to himself, 'Icouldhave faced them alone-butat seventy I am too old to risk it. He speaks like an honest lad, bears a good name in Walburg still youth will prate of its doings. It is the trick of inexperience.' A knock at the lower door of the tower in formed him that his visitor had arrived. 'It is too late for reflection now,' he mutter ed to himself. ' Heaven is above all, and the wisest of us are but blind instruments in its hands. ' Joseph Mattocks pulled the'cord which raised the inner latch. There was no opening it from the outside but by a key. Taking the lamp from the table he held it at the head of the stairs, to light his visitor in his as cent. 'Do you see the iron bar ?' he asked. ' Which? There are two.' 'The short one.' ' I have found it,' answered Dick Varley. 'Place it athwart the door, and see that the ends enter well into the sockets.' 'It is done.'. 'Conme up, then.' In a few .econds the speakers stood face to face. There was but very little curiosity ex, pressed in the cuntenance of the younger. The old man, on the contrary looked dubtful and hesitating. 'Dick,' said the latter, 'for the first time for many-years I am about to place trust in a fellow creature.- It is a hard lesson which first teaches us to doubt them, but certain to be learnt sooner or later. I think you will not deceive me.' 'If you fear it, I can return,' answered the lawyer's clerk. 