Personal Christian Responsibility. WITH the return of the summer weather there has come that season of the year during which, for a few months, the religious work of the churches will be confined mainly to their ordinary and regular routine of services. The warmth of the weather forbids, in a great measure, the holding of those special evangelistic services, which are productive of sound good at times, in gathering into the Church of Christ those who were before unsaved. It is of very great importance to any Christian church that there should be no such thing as a standstill in' religious work; and it becomes a serious question, doubtless, with many Christian societies, how to keep those already gained from the world and to win fresh victories, at a season of the year that forbids special effort by the society or church in the way of public services. We think, and, doubtless, or readers will, on reflection, have the same opinion, that the constant steady progress of a Christian church under all circumstances and at all seasons depends in a very great degree, if not wholly, upon the discharge by the members of that church of their personal responsibility to work for Christ. Apart from the general responsibility of life, which not to realise is to make one's life a failure, there is a special responsibility resting upon the Christian. If to all men talents, many or few, are entrusted, for the right use and improvement of which they are held responsible, then, certainly, as that gift of God's grace which forms and constitutes a Christian character is the most unspeakable of all bis gifts, it must follow that we are called to employ and improve that most precious of all talents entrusted to us. Unfortunately, this responsibility is not so generally realised as it should be by Christian professors. A great number of these seem to think that the sole end of their existence, religiously, is to hear'' sufficient religion to make their own minds comfortable and their lives morally irreproachable. They are, it may be, faithful in the ordinary duties of life, and exhibit in their character somewhat of the Christ-like, but there is no regular and persistent effort to save souls. It often happens that such persons meet and mix up with ungodly persons. Perhaps their friends. How do they act in their company P They laugh, joke, trifle, and talk of all sorts of things except the one thing needful. Now what inconsistency is here manifest between their conduct and their profession. They pretend to believe, and really do believe, that all irreligiously undecided persons arc in a state of dreadful spiritual danger, run ning, in fact, an infinite risk from day to day and hour to hour. Yet, believing this, how lightly great numbers of professing Christians seem to take it that men around them—perhaps their friends—are perishing in their sins, Depend upon it, this sort of conduct will [cease when wo begin to live consistently with our profession, And our motto will be this in substance— " I would the precious time redeem, And longer live for tliis alone, To spend and to be spent for tliem That have not yet my Savior known." It is, moreover, highly necessary to the success of personal effort in leading men to Christ, not only that the responsibility itself should be realised, but that the needed Divine guidance should be recognised, and the promised Divine guidance actually enjoyed. If personal efforts to win souls are to be successful, we must work in accordance with God's designs and plans. When our Lord Jesus of old said to the disciples, " Ye shall receive pow^r after that the Holy Ghost is come upon you," He indicated the means by which alone a Christian, whether he be apostle or disciple, minister or layman, can hope for success in the work of leading others to Jesus. And while we all have the responsibility to labor in this work forced upon us this qualification is regarded as essential to success; so that to all who feel the obligation of the one command—" Go work to-day in my vineyard," there also comes that other— " Wait for the promise " (of the Holy Spirit). This qualification when sought and enjoyed will bring about a proper preparedness of heart and mind. When the Spirit comes upon us He will give spiritual illumination so that holiness will appear in all its beauty and siu in all its hideousness—light will shine clearly upon the danger of the undecided, and upon the way of salvation into which we desire to direct their footsteps ; there will be a tender love for the souls of others, and, partly resulting from such love in the heart, there will be words of convincing grace upon the lips. Only under this influence from on high—the result of the Holy Spirit's coming upon us—shall we truly understand that we are "workers together with God," or realise in its fulness and preciousness of meaning that passage where it is said—" He (the Holy Spirit) shall guide you into all truth." It is, we believe, the privilege of Christian men and women to enjoy, not inspiration, but such an influence of the Holy Spirit which shall be a guide to them continually in their work for Christ. If the responsibility we have spoken of be cheerfully accepted, and if the great privilege here indicated be recognised and laid hold of, the lives of Christian professors will not turn out such failures in regard to the work of leading men to Christ as is, unfortunately, seen in the lives of multitudes of so-called Christians. Let this personal responsibility to work for Christ be discharged, and there will be an end to the frivolity, carelessness, inconsistency, and worldliness too often manifested by professing Christians. Important questions, respecting the lawfulness of certain amusements and certain occupations, will settle themselves. How is it possible to harmonise an eager desire to lead men to Christ with a fondness for worldly amusements, or how can any one, upon whose heart the spiritual welfare of his fellow men lies heavily, engage in an occupation opposed to Christian principles and influence? It is only when we set the standard of Christian experience and conduct lower than the New Testament has set it, that it becomes possible for a Christian to take part, to the extent that many do, in worldly pleasures, or engage in such a business as the liquor trade, and yet fondly imagine himself a burning and shining light in the world. With the proper realization of personal responsibility to God there will be an end to such sinful compromises. It is impossible to over-estimate the blessed results that would follow, if it were possible to awaken the members of Christian churches to a sense of their responsibility to Christ. The labors and successes of the churches at present are very often irregular and spasmodic. True, there is good regular work done, but the religious activity is altogether too regular and quiet at times. The greatest successes are realized generally at such times as the members of a church, quickened to a sense of their responsibility to God, are found consecrating themselves to His service, and securing the outpouring of the Spirit and an ingathering of persons into the church. But could this personal responsibility be generally realized, the labors of the churches would not only be regular, but ays earnest and always successful. In fact, we do not hesitate to say that, if Christians could only realize their personal responsibilities and privileges, the world might be converted in a few years. If every member of Christ's church throughout the world were to say at the commencement of each year:—" By God's grace I will lead at least one soul to Christ this year," what an enormous increase would be manifest, year by year, in the membership of the churches! Without further speculating aB to what the result would be, we may conclude by saying, that it is possible for every reader of this article to do his or her share in bringing about the conversion of the world. In the conflict of the churches with the powers of darkness, each individual Christian should feel— "As if himself were he On whose sole arm liuug victory," This is an age of free discussion and enquiry; everything must pass through the sieve of criticism and examination. Men arc no longer disposed to follow blindly any one who may claim to be a leader. This is, we tliink, as it should be. We are to prove all tilings, and after proof, we are to hold fast that which we have found to be good. Some of our readers arc angry with us for having published certain criticisms on the doctrines and methods of the Salvation Army. They imagine that, because we have done this, we are unfriendly to the Army and its work. They forget that we have printed quite as much, in fact more, which has been in its favor. All its important movements have been chronicled in our columns, and we think it unfair, that, because we feel it our duty, as journalists, to give our readers both sides of the question, we should be charged with unfriendliness to the Salvation Army. The fact is, this movement, like all others, is being weighed in the balance. The first excitement and enthusiasm have subsided, and the testing time has come. If it is of God, the ordeal will only more fully reveal its worth; but if not, the sooner it comes to naught, the better. It has been pointed out to us, that the paragraph which appeared in last issue, in reference to the attacks made on Mr. Burnett, implies a spirit of unfriendliness on our part towards the Wesleyan Church. We thought we had made it sufficiently plain, that any adverse remarks in that paragraph were intended to apply only to those who had so unjustly and ungenerously assailed Mr. Burnett and his work, at a time when such a course was likely to have a peculiarly damaging effect. If we did not make this plain, we desire to do so now, and to add, that for the Wesleyan Church, as such, we have nothing but the most Christian and brotherly respect and esteem. Revelations, which have been made in the newspapers, disclose a somewhat unhappy 6tate of affairs in connection with the Roman Catholic Church in Adelaide. It is the boast of Rome that she is a united Church, while Protestantism is split up into sects and parties. Adelaide seems to furnish another proof that this boasted unity is but a name. The members of that Church, if we may judge by the correspondence which has been published, do not seem to be a very happy family, and ajipear to find real enjoyment in flinging mud at each other. It has come out, too, that there is no Catholic preacher in Adelaide who can claim the attention of his hearers. The Cathedral, it is 6aid, quickly empties when mass is over and the preacher begins his discourse. This is not very wonderful.— Eloquence is born of conviction ; and with a priesthood who have, according to the latest testimony of one of themselves, lost faith in Romanism and in religion itself, it is not to be wondered at if Romish orators should become more and more rare. To those who believe that this church is corrupt and effete, this fact will not be regarded with alarm, but will encourage the hope that Popery with its mummeries and superstitions will soon give way to the purer and simpler faith of Protestantism. We have heard of a new form of Christian work about to be entered upon in Hindmarsh, that suburb which is at present exalted to heaven with privileges. Mr. Thos. Adcock, of Blyth-street, has, at considerable expense, supplied himself with a magic lantern, furnished with suitable Scripture illustrations and texts, which he proposes to show in the open air on Sunday nights after service is over in the different churches. Each picture and text, as shown, will give an opportunity for a few appropriate words. Mr. Adcock has obtained the promise of co-operation from a number of ministers and Christian workers, and the movement will be quite unconnected with any of the churches. The object in view will be to reach some who at present neglect religion and, if possible, to induce them to attend some one of the existing churches. We hope the effort may be attended with all the success which even Mr. Adcock himself could wish. We have received the Sixth Annual Report of the Board of Management of the Adelaide Children's Hospital, from which we are glad to find that the Institution las been fairly prosperous duiing the year, whilst its useful and benevolent features have been well maintained. PASTOR CHINIQCT.—On the 5th August we remitted to Pastor Cliiniquy a draft on London for £27. He has sent us a number of copies of his little work entitled " Papal Idolatry." We shall send acopy of this pamphlet to all who send us £1 Is. or upwards towards his mission to Roman Catholics. Amounts received since last issue—£1 Is.—H. Hussey. £1—Stephen Buick. We beg to call attention to the farewell meetings in connection with the close of Mr. Matthew Burnett's mission in South Australia, which are advertised to be held on Saturday and Sunday next. 