iiuHc.s' Column. BABES. It is a mistaken idea that babss are at all times enjoying themselves when they laugh, •whether the laugh is prompted by amusement ®r extorted. Any one should, from experience, be aware that there is no pleasure in a forced laugh ; why should this "fact, then, not apply to infants as well? For a few •weeks after its birth, and -while yet too young to be amused by sight or sound, mothers are daily standing over the sleeping infant's cradle, wishing to see one of those quick little smiles surround the tiny mouth which are snre signs of colic. We are so fond seeing a babe smile or hearing it laugh that we, as the child grows older, resort to artificial means to gratify our selfishness. If -we can extort a laugh we take it for granted that the baby is pleased, because it looks pleased, when in reality we are hurting it. To make a practice of tickling the soles of a babe's feet will rob it of free speech as it grows to man or womanhood; it becomes more or less timid, and retains a decided inclination to undervalue itself. Should we not then suppose that the infant suffered from our torments—while we were pleased to see it pull up one little foot and then the other from .our pursuing feather or finger— when the tickling has such a pitiable effect on its body and mind in after years ? And then we cruelly jolt a babe on our knee until its body is churned into an exhausted stupor, its back nearly broken, and every one of its pliant bones strained and bent. A babe may, however, without injury, be dandled gently if one hand supports tee stomach and the other its back between the shoulders. , To let a child under seven or eight months' old stand in your lap and hop, as a baby will, is too severe on the bones. The skeleton portion of its body is soft and pliable, and the over-burdens on the limbs distort them, weakening the whole system, making the child bow-legged and otherwise deformed. To toss a baby is giving it the same feeling that we experience when seated in a swing, and are, by a careless attendant, being hurled higher than we desire to be. It is a most nnpleasant feeling; it is a torture, and nothing will prostrate a delicate woman quicker than such a trial. Then we should consider how much weaker is a babe, to have its nerves taxed with similar treatment, and be plagued with a false exhibition of pleasure. Children should be taught never to frighten each other. A bright little boy four years of age was, while his parents were out one day, terribly frightened by the elder children of the family wrapping themselves in sheets and entering his presence from an adjoining room. And the consequence was shocking. • From that hour and ever after the little fellow was insane, - and died at the age of seventeen, after living thirteen horrid years in daily and hourly fear of. ghosts and bugbears. It is most sorrowful to contemplate such a sacrifice just for a moment's fun to the thoughtless players. Think of the suffering this child,must have endured, which might have been prevented had the children been taught to Ibetter respect each other's mental feelings. .. Infants very often receive ill-treatment from their loving mammas. They are left in one. position—on their backs—for hours, and, one might say, day and night. A babe too young to twist itself round in its crib should, when asleep, be turned from one side to the other, and occasionally on the back, once every halfhour. When awake its position should also be changed often, and when held.in one's lap, it should now and then be turned upon the stomach, with hands free. • Let us give the babes their rights—tender treatment from their nurses. They call for the action of our reasoning powers in their behalf, and their demands are but fair and just. Let not the little ones be made into playthings for the elders' amusement without the delicacy, preservation, and comfort of the mortal toys being understood and regarded . tenderly.—Scottish American Journal. 