SUNDAY READING. Eternal Hope, or Repentance after Death. THE Bbv. Joseph Cooe delivered a lectuTo in the Protestant Hall, Sydney, on the 14th instant, the subject being " Eternal hope, or Re pentance after Death." The rev. lecturer said that Almighty God was present with them that night, and it was most fitting that 'their dis cussion should be conducted as if they were oh their knees to him, and without applause. He then entered upon his subject. He commenced with the statement that he for one had made up his mind not to go out of this world, trusting his chance of eternal peace to an opportunity for repentance after death. And what he would not do himself, God forbid that he should recommend others to do. He intended to discuss this theme in the practical, theoreti cal, and scriptural aspects. -Beginning with tho practical, ho would ask how many of them were willing to rise up and solemnly before their own conscience and God declare their willingness to take their chance of going from this world dependent upon the opportunity he had referred to. The best test of any doctrine was to act it out. This doctrine of repsntanco after death was seductive, but he would not re cognise it in life as a muster, and in death ho would not own it as his slave. 5c would not say that it was not true, hut that he was nob will ing to rest upon it. And turning to the men who preached it and their followers, the opportunity for repentance after death, with all its ad vantages, was open to them, and he would ask them if they purposed accepting it. The decision of this question in its practical bounds was really its decision in the theoretical. Passing from tho practical aspect to tho theo retical, he said a great principle was involved in the question whether a man would he 'willing to reppnt after death. In order to he at peace men must possess a predominant desire to he holy. Only by such a desire could they ho reconciled to God. Hot possessing it they became immoral characters, wmcli were moulded to an eternal purpose, although they had not lost freedom of will. When they had willingness to repent they were not hardened to a set purpose. It must bo shown, however, tnat grounds existed for believing that such men would return from tho brink they had pajsed, the probability being that if they did not do so their desire for repentance would be gone. Ho means existed of judging of the con ditions of another life except a knowledge of this life, and they knew that in the very nature of things linal permanence cauld come but once. He was not there to discuss tho question of what might be the form of their sufferings in another world. It was enough to know that somo things rested very hard upon them . here. He did now know what might happen when they were in the spiritual body. It was a matter of which they must judge by revolution. He believed that here men had the rudiments of spiritual bodies, and possessed feelings pertaining to spiritual souls. Character was believed to tend to final permanence, and the principle was part of Biblo philosophy. It was said therein that thoso who committed sins against the Holy Ghost never obtained forgiveness, but were in danger of eternal punishment. If, therefore, there was eternal punishment, was there not also eternal sin? Another portion of the Scripture affirmed that the day should arrivo when thoso who were holy should remain holy, and those who were filthy should remain filthy still. They would find running through tho book tho two great propositions on which he stood, namely, llrnt character tended to final per manence, and that this permanence could come but once. He would not say it would bo attained, but he would pretend that according to all they knew of natural law there must come a brink beyond whicli if men passed tlioy miglit well despair. Tho Bible settled the question as to when probation-ended. He did not know seven scholars who had not found in the book that now was tho day of salvation, and that it was with infinite risk a man lived dependent upon the opportunity for repentance hereafter. The book taught that probation ended with this life, and if there be eternal sin there must be eternal punishment. If punishment con tinued, men might harden under it. Greater illumination would come to them after death; but would they love it ? Thoy would continue to rebel against it and lose the desire to repent/. If thoy sinned here, the desire for change might not come after death, und there was such a thing us its being loo lato to meud. 