THE PRESENT UNBELIEF.—II. BT WILLIAM GUEST, F.G.S. My paper of Nov. 17 indicated that the modern method of discrediting Christianity is one of assumption, and not of disproof. Of late years, except review articles, nothing of note has appeared as even an attempted refutation of the Divine claims of the New Testament, unless it be " Supernatural Religion," and even in this case there has been no rejoinder to powerful replies which have appeared. If we go a little further back we come to three anti- Biblical treatises. By far the greatest of the three was the Leben Jesu, by Strauss. But even he modified his objections before his death, and admitted that among the personages to whom humanity owes the perfecting of its moral consciousness, Jesus occupies the foremost rank. It may be affirmed that M. Renan, distinguished as he is, gave a view of the Life of Jesus that could never get into the world's thought; and there is probably not a scholar in Europe who does not hold its theory of Christ's influence to be fantastic and visionary. Dr. Colenso's criticism on the Books of Moses created at first something approaching a sensation ; but this has passed away, and the Bishop's discourses are now tossed about as obsolete at cheap book-stalls. It is very much in the way of assumption that modern science is held to be antagonistic to the Bible. I am persuaded that vast multitudes of the intelligent artizans and young men of England are sceptical, not so much from what scientific men now teach, as from what some attempted to teach a quarter of a century ago. Great Christian savants had, about that time, passed away, and a new race came to the front, whose spirit towards Christianity was malignant. It is astonishing how long error percolates in lower channels, especially when a glamour has been thrown around it at the beginning; and it does this even after its fount has dried up. I well remember men who, at the annual meetings of the British Association, indulged in contemptuous references to Christian beliefs, in a boastful tone of supposed triumph. This was specially the case in the Ethnological and Anthropological Sections. The thing was obvieusly painful to far greater scientists, but some even of them were betrayed into a strain they would not now take up. I once listened, as a young man, to the very foremost of investigators, and after attending for an hour, felt as if an effort had been made to tear the creation and the Creator asunder. That tone would not at the present time be adopted. Theories were held which are now exploded. The descent of mankind from a single pair was, by some, laughed at. Who will laugh at it now? Savages were pictured as climbing trees in the Eocene ages and confidently pointed to as an intermediate link between apes and men. Is there a solitary scientific man who would now indulge in such wild talk ? I once heard the assertion made, more as a sneer than a joke, that an explorer hoped someday to find remains of man in the Upper Palæozoic Rocks. No man who consulted his reputation would dare to sneer after this manner now. Several sticks about the size and shape of a cigar were found in one of the Swiss lakes, and set forth as basket-work constructed in Tertiary times.. These fossil reeds are now held to be knots of a decayed fir tree. Everyone heard of the evidence of a remote human antiquity claimed for man from remains in the valley of the Somme. Everyone has not heard that Professor Huxley declared a year or so ago that "the question of time in this case could not be settled satisfactorily," and that "arguments based as to time upon the appearance of the valley were not to be trusted." The so-called " palaeolithic implements "of the river-drift men are now doubted by not a few, and attributed to natural causes. Should young men read these lines, let them turn to a Table of Fossiliferous Strata. Their eye will go over the immense and unimaginable periods of the primary, secondary, and tertiary formations, and not a supposed trace of man in these rocks is now held to be satisfac- tory. Let them come to the top of the series, they will see the pleistocene strata. Professor Boyd Dawkins, in his " Early Man in Britain," (1880) places in these formations the first reliable proof of man's presence, but he refuses to admit that the evidence is satisfactory respecting the early pleistocene strata. Under the very highest of formations, i.e., under those designated" Recent, or Prehistoric Times," are the post-glacial beds. T. McHughes, M.A., Woodwardian Professor of Geology, Cambridge University, declared lately, in a valuable lecture it was my privilege to attend, that no satisfactory proof of human antiquity has been found further back than this post-glacial period. The foregoing facts are of the utmost importance. They are astonishing in the light of what has been taught for the last twenty years. The assumptions that have bewildered many are now by the highest authorities pronounced untenable. No doubt the Post-glacial beds go much further back than the generally held chronology. But this chronology has been surmised, and is nowhere taught in Scripture. On this subject we are approaching a grand reconciliation between Genesis and modern science. The results of scientific research concerning man's origin are beyond all estimation, and men will doubtless ere long see these results harmonised by some gifted scientific mind. Meanwhile this is certain, which Genesis magnificently teaches, whatever of Oriental coloring there may be around the early narrative:—"Man"—to quote the noble words of Baron Bunsen, when the British Association met at Oxford in 1847—"Man is the apex of creation; the end to which all organic formations tend; the mystery and the key of natural science. If from the beginning of the ages that are past, creation has thus anticipated man, is it incredible that man should be redeemed ? Not merely by the gilts ot speech and intelligence is there a great gulf between man and the inferior animals, but man is the crown of creation by his likeness unto God Himself, in the freedom of the self-determination of choice. . If by the fatal exercise of that freedom, and the subtlety of a mighty and superhuman spirit of evil, man has fallen into a very hell of darkness and misery, is it to be thought strange that by the incarnation of His own Son, and o the presence of His Spirit, the All-Father should persuade and constrain man to come back to His footstool in loyalty? Modern science has belittled man; Christianity has taught man's greatness and his fall. Is it not like unto a God of love, that by the death, resurrection, and ascension of a Redeemer, man should again find a pathway to his original destination of peace and holiness, and attain finally to a sublime elevation, and to a glorious immortality ? Be very sure that all the works of God, according to their appointment, reach unto perfection. If the earth through the long series of the bygone ages was prepared to be the scene of man's education and felicity, abhorrent be the thought that when, after all, man has fallen into apostasy and utter loss, for him there should be no available redemption. To reveal the gradual methods and to disclose what will be the completion of the great redemption, THE BOOK has been given, which is at once human and Divine: human, because it is man's history that is told, his weakness before temptation, and the chaotic confusion of his follies and crimes, that are traced; Divine, because it shows how the Father has developed out of that chaos an order of progress which has corrected man, and placed him again between good and evil, with motives of transcendent potency on the side of good; and haB appealed again to his freedom of choice, and manifested a stupendous claim of love which has won back myriads of redeemed men to a perfected and an eternal blessedness. In relation to that Volume we have now to thank God for the full and ever- accumulating proofs of its historical value and genuineness. It was customary in the last century to treat the books of the Old Testament as fabulous. There are few who venture to do this in our age. In our times antiquarian investigation has pursued its labors through all the lands of the East, and the research, instead of discrediting Old Testament history, has afforded confirmations astonishing in every way for their number, exactitude, and minuteness. The writers of these ancient books knew their own times. They knew as only contemporaries could know. Matters for ages held to be doubtful are now proved to be historically correct. Evidences on this point are accumulating, and are coming to light in a manner that makes men stand still with wonder. And we are more and more learning this also: that if occasionally the historical books of the Jews are painful reading, the records of any other race would have been tenfold worse, had they been written with the same unveiled openness. When we come to the books of the New Testament the growing evidence of truthfulness is still more remarkable. A hundred years ago scholars maintained that the Gospels were written long after the events they narrated, and were a mere compilation of traditional myths and legends which had grown up for two or three hundred years. There is not a scholarly critic in Europe who will maintain this now. Just as the whole tendency of present scientific learning is to place man's origin nearer to recent geological ages, so the whole tendency ot the magnificent critical learning of the age is to carry back the books of the New Testament to the very times of which they treat. The proofs are growing continually that the three first Gospels were written about thirty years after the death of Jesus, and the fourth at the end of the first century. Professor Holzman, of Heidelberg, although a Freethinker, affirms that the proofs of the former assertion must now be held to be undeniable. When we come to the Epistles, it is admitted that that to the Hebrews was written before the fall of Jerusalem, and that the Temple services, to which it refers, were still observed; and the most destructive criticism no longer disputes the genuineness and authenticity of the Epistles that bear the name of Paul. As to the Apocalypse, Professor Godet (who quotes the above judgment of Holzman) has lately declared that almost all the rationalistic writers of the Continent now recognise it as the work of the Apostle John, written in the year 68. Weigh these facts. No language can adequately set forth their immense significance. They are little less than overwhelming as an argument for the Divine origin of Christianity. The Apocalypse of John and these Epistles of Paul could not have been written if the supernatural records of Christianity were not real and genuine. Could Paul, manifestly a disbeliever at one time, and with his intense natural conscientiousness, and his surpassing moral thoughtfulness, have written the Epistles that he sent lorth in his name, if the sublime truths he believed, suffered, and pleaded for, were fables ? The thing is impossible. Moreover, to what cities was the Apocalypse to be sent by the Apostle John, and whither did Paul transmit his thirteen letters? To Roman cities, where the highest culture was found, and to persons of education in those cities, as is obvious from their contents. Were all deceived ? Were the writers impostors ? Had there been no resurrection of Christ, no grace of the Spirit at Pentecost ? Through the mercy of Him who, in these last days, would not that any should perish, there is given to us not merely what looks like demonstration, but a bulwark or proof which is impregnable. During the period immediately anterior to the time when the New Testament books were sent forth, the Christian Church was born: clearly at that time Hope, with an energy pf a new life, entered humanity; multitudes, in one half the cities in the Roman Empire, sprang forward to avow the name of Christ; the preaching of the facts of Christianity gained such credit that the Apostles left at their death a Christian Church of 500,000 believers; a troubled and despairing past closed its awful pages; a new era dawned, and the gates of a grand and inspiring future were lifted up for the human race. I hope it will not now be thought presumptuous if, in closing these two papers, I venture to lay three suggestions before Christian men and brethren:— 1\. Let us avoid an apologetic tone in relation to Christianity. It is a grand and noble house to which we Christians belong. If names are quoted as hostile, far more illustrious are those of the great Christian men, who through the past Christian ages have been the saviours of society, have withstood the powerful tide of the world's corruption and cruelty, and have bequeathed to this age the animation of their immortal names and an imperishable literature. Yea, it is still our boast that Christianity never enrolled among its disciples more saintly men and women than at this "period, and Christians were never more bent upon saving the nations from their lies and sensualities. 2\. Let us offer no advantages to the enemy. How often, unhappily, do Christian men bring forward and lift into prominence the anti-Christian notions of the day! Objections are quoted, and lodged in the minds of the young, without any adequate antidote being supplied. How often, also, to the pain of thoughtful persons, are men told that if miracles were proved a myth, and the New Testament discredited by criticism, the power that Christianity has diffused would remain! Surely we betray the truth by such admissions. The pages of the New Testament were never safer from the attacks of criticism, and it is at our peril we weaken the testimony on which the Holy Ghost has laid stress. Supernatural events marked the passage of the Son of God through the world, and in another orm they mark His presence now. 3\. Let us guard against an undue setting forth of a raditional or merely historical Christianity, Christ, more than thirty years after His death and resurrection, took the sublime title respecting his relation to humanity, " I am he that liveth for evermore.'' He is now seeking to get at the hearts of men. And in these days of a dreary vanity and hopelessness on the one hand, and of a revolutionary lawlessness on the other, no merely historical Christianity will avail; men must be made to feel that the presence of the Saviour, and the Pentecost of the Spirit's visitation, are perpetual. The present unbelief, I add in closing, is changeable and transient. It proceeds largely from the very fulness of the light given to this age. The air is filled with doubt, because all men are compelled to think and speak of Christianity. Not a few object because they are unwilling to believe, for genuine belief carries with it obedience. While true Christians are working to bless men, the worldly professors and doubters are trying, by ephemeral papers and talk, to fill the ear of the world with a make-believe of difficulties which any man may find if he wants to find them. Thanks be unto God, the witness for Christ is within us. Let each, in every circle, establish his position as a Christian ; let him will to be the Lord's, then his confidence will be assured and his inward joy will abound. If a man doubts this inward witness, and calls it fanaticism, let him doubt it for himself, and not for men and women who happily can testify to the reality of the teaching of Scripture, and out of whose tribulation, and patience, and experience, there springs a hope that putteth not to shame, because the love of God hath been shed abroad in our hearts by the Holy Ghost which is given unto us."— * Since writing the foregoing I have read Sir George Mivats's paper in the last " British Quarterly Review." The author of the article has a high reputation as ; scientist. His words should be pondered by Christian young men who have been troubled by the theory he combats. He says, "The Darwinian view of man is a superstition. It is a belief hastily formed from superficial inductions, and maintained in tne teeth of contrary evidence. It reposes not on evidence, but on the grossest confusion of ideas. It is a degrading superstition. A conviction of man's essential and ineradicable bestiality would be fatal to political freedom, social harmony, intellectual superiority, and moral cultivation." Such a summary from such a quarter is of the greatest moment. Professor Mivart adds—" Man must have been intro- duced into the world by an act differing in kind from those agencies by which anterior organisms had been produced." This is what the Bible says, and the fact carries with it not only the supernatural and the miraculous, but the whole argument for the existence of the one Almighty Creator. 