REMINISCENCES OF A PIONEER. No. 5 LEFT TO DIE. While digging in California, I was amazed to find but very few people willing to acknow ledge themselves subjects of Her Majesty Queen Victoris. There ware plenty of men who dropped their h’a very much after the .fashion_pf_liondon_!Arry r _there ,were_sUy_ plenty who spoke with a rich Milesian brogue, and others whose tongue bespoke their c Ddnc‘' origiuj hub strange to, say, they were all/nata lised subjects of the United States of America, and they all Q— d t . ,and and. guessed.and calculated to such an extent that* genuine Americans blushed for the impudence of their would-be fellow countrymen. was tkj necessity for this cowardly ratting> ’English*' raea~.who.ackDowledgedallegiaQQe. to,theJand of thiir. birth were respected by all hot 'jheae wVitewashed Yankees. was the fashion fur them to take every opportunity'of running down the Old World, and belauding the land of theut adoption. I tjrasi standing in a bar one day, where a lot of these roughs were- gathered:; engaged in their favour-., ite conversation of exalting .everything American:-to ' the /skies./;'I jpquld not help giving, them a rufit iAiter one bf ' them had said his 'eay. eriddhtiy’intended for tbe ears.. : .j. cub la with, “Well.! done, mate; I'would not give a —r— for a man who did ndt r love his country,...Sow, l am ad. 'jEpgliahmep, andl loo,k upon England aa tbe grandest,* freest*, and' most glorious.country on the face ofthe earth;” 1 was not surprised at the applauae l received from the Americana present, the very easy way iu which these fellows' were silenced. 1 Th4y .had •positively nota word to.say. -V *•; There were : two Torkshiremen living in -the both/of'whom were : -bn the 1 high road to wealth and both,of whom. lam .happy -to say, were not ashamed to ackoow '.ledge. tliemselves'EngUshmeo, these were ’the'ooly.men.beside.myseU who bad.the mao* /jinesg; to, do so. .After working some time, I made the acquaintance of a third, whose name 'was.’Ned Osborne. He was a Cambridge mao .(not a. collegian) and bad lived in'tbe E tstero; States before going to California] -He was a thorough going Englishman, nod bad « mortal ‘Katred-of' all whitewashed Yankees. He was fine big fellow, and more than once' saved me from getting a hiding by volunteer-*" ing to stand iu my place. Orborne, was a forty-niner -and -travelled overland -across the .Rocky Mountains, * A' party had ffeeafa 'consisting 0f.50 or 60 men all..from same neighbourhood, ;and they kept/well together until they approached / tbe fjierra - Nevada .Mountain,, Travelling with the teams was • very-slow work, and the imagination of some ofr them beiug inflamed • with the gold fever they determined to leave, the caravan and strike fur a short cut across the mountains. Some .seven or eight of them joined the* advance/brigade,/ one. of .them being whether he should join them, as he bad been very ill, andwas just then recoyeribg. . How ever, he started with them. They went flying’ light, carrying only a * blanket each aud a few' day’s provisions, but taking a short-cut'was not such easy work as they" imagined, especi ally r when road lay across mountain range. -In fact 'the -short cut became a long one, and they. were.compelled,. although , reluctantly, to acknowledge them selves -Ibst. ■ Up -hill * and down ' dale they travelled, acreas .creeks .and through dense: forests of trees until their provisions were all done, and:.they were pretty : nearly exhausted themselves. In the difficulties poor Ned suffered moretthan the rest. - His strength failed him, and bis mates were detained on bis account—not that he wanted it;,the brave fellow begged them to go on and save them selves, but theyv-.would‘ not' deiert him, until it was certain that by staying longer they would be sacrificing their own liven in the vain endeavour to save his. He bad. been! Scarcely • able*/-to crawl, .and at last quite* 'unable' to proceed further. They; bad no food do leave' with him, indeed, the last had ; been eaten-twof or three days before. They promised to send a message to hia parentstelliog them that 1 be was dead; but not the r mann3r. of, his dying;-and, bidding him goodbye. 1 set-out on the task Aif saving themselves, which tlfey succeeded in doing,-and faithfully performed their promise' by sending the news of Osborne’s death to his parents.'- Osborne * lay ' pondering 'upon the unpleasantness of bis' position andrthinking of the sufferings instore for him before exhausted nature ' would 'finally w glve way, ’Vvheri *tlie love of life grew strong in him again, and he determined to proceed up the bill at right angles with the track'faisrmates' had followed. It was sore work; sometimes he tottered on. his feet, and sonietlmea crawled on his hands'abd^knees; 1 But he-never relaxed'his efforts until be reached the top, ( when’hir heart was gladdened with the sight of smoke from the chimney of ’a' Mexican ranch below; comparatively, easy work going down ! hill, although he was dreadfully exhausted, and, as the Missourian would aay,. ** powerfully' weak.” -Still, "he managed : tb’ make his way to the bouse, where,. Jie.. was kindly received and most.hospitably treated. It took a long time to bring him . found, , and make him strong enough to travel again, and when be did, he madestraight for Nevada, *'and' commenced the life of a digger. He uevtr. forgot his old rnatea, .and was, constantly en quiring for themr At length* b'e'heafd of their whereabouts, and made for the plVce. They were working In -a ‘ paddock/and stood top'looking at them. After standing there some time one them looked: upland belteving'he saw a ghost, shouted in the greatest terror. The others looked also;} £and:*were /almost **as v barf/./Had tbey v baen-lod the*-eurface'they- would 1 in continently have ran .away; as it* was they were compelled to stay,/and after enjoying their confusion for a few seconds he spoke to them. . They.-were heartily glad to eee T him again in life; aud many a time' I heard them speak of the dreadful bright' the sight of him gave them. He-at once-wrote-to bis parents, aud 10 months; after they bad. put on black for his death; they received a letter from’him couched In the good old English'formula Of 11 this comes; hoping it will find -you in good health, as it,leave* me at present.” 