MARION VERNON, OR AFTER LONG YEARS. BT MRS. LEITH ADAMS. CHAPTER VI. When young Mr?. Powell heard that the protegi, of whom her husband's mother had thought so much was coming to Harley-street for awhile, she was not altogether ill-pleased. She had had a weary, dreary time of it while Cliff had been in the Korth. Not weary in the sense that some other women would have found it so; not a time full of exceeding anxiety and tender loving thought of the absent; not a time of bitter regret in that she was not by her husband's side—Ms best friend and comforter in the day of sorrow. No; but still the poor soul had been very unhappy. All her ordinary sources of pleasure were forbidden fruit. "Deep -mourning" meant strict seclusion. Once the small -amusement of selecting her black attire with as much regard to the becoming as possible over, and life seemed a blank to Blanche. . Assuredly Belle Carrington deserved no little credit for the patience with which she listened to a fretful woman's girdings against a cruel fate—though, as her friend said in confidence to some one else, " Belle might have been a little more sympathetic. " It would be bad enough for anyone," said Mrs. Powell, flinging herself petulantly back uyon the couch in ner dressing-room, " but it s ever so much worse for me than- for others, because you know, my dear, no one can say black suits me. I am too pale by half, and I daren't use even the least little sovpron of Bloom de Ninon. I don't know w hat dreadful fate would overtake me if Cliff found me at that sort of thing. He really is— I don : t care who hears me say it—the most tiresome man that ever lived." Mrs. Carrington, who was the person addressed, seemed little able to replvilnently. Some new li._-lit was shining into this woman's heart, and in its radiance she saw and despised the vanity and folly of the other. " As to you, Belle, I believe you arc turning Methodist, or Ritualist, or 'something"— " In fact, I am becoming about as tiresome as—Mr. PowelL" " Well, not far off it, I must say. How is it you don't see how hard upon me this seclusion is—how foreign to my nature in everyway? I tell you it destroys nie,and before long I shall have to go up to that dreadful old place in the North. I am convinced it is full of ghosts, and I hate the sea at all times. My dear, I shall look positively old by the time I come back. I shall look iive-and-thirty, at the least, and I am not twenty-five till May." Things were going very badly, indeed, with Mrs. CBfford Powell; but all at once a rayof light dawned upon her gloom. Cliff y was going to bring home with liim this Miss Vernon, the girl whom his mother had made a sort of adopted daughter of. " She is quite young, and had only just lett school when first she went to Merlewood. You may be sure, Belle, she has nevier been to London before, and Cliff never can be so unreasonable as to condemn a young creature like that—no relation to the. family either— to go nowhere and see nothing. I don't fancy she is a beauty, but she is sure to lie presentable, for she comes of really nice people, you know. Let me see, what does Cliff say about her ? Oh ! here it is—' She is a gentle, sweet-looking creature.' Ah ! just so. Don't you know the style exactly? Eather a dowdy, with big eves, and a slip of a figure, and with no will of her own." Mrs. Cliff glanced in a tall mirror that faced her ' sofa. She was in many ways shrewd enough, and fully aware of the faet that eighteen possessed certain advantages denied to five-and-twenty, notably that of novelty. She wonld not have been by any means charmed at the prospect of " taking about" a woman seven years, younger than, herself under any ordinary circumstances. But her present circumstances were not ordinary. Marion Vernon's presence in Harley streefc might be made the pretext for a prompt return to the smaller gaieties of life. Thus the girl would be a welcome visitor. To personal jealousy Blanche was by no means addicted. For one thing, she was a great deal too self-satisfied to look nppn other women as possible rivals • for another, even the shallowest character of the smallest capabilities has its jjood points, and a certain sweetness of disposition—when she 'was not crossed in the fancies of "the hour—was one of her characteristics. She welcomed Marion warmly,- thereby securing the gratitude and approval of her husband. She was seen at her very bfest on the occasion of the feed travellers' arriving at. Harley-street. . Her black dress made her look, as Bhe had remarked to Mrs. Carrington, paler than her wont. This pallor Marion looked upon with sy mpathetic eyes, regarding it as the result of long apd weary hours of anxious thought on Clinbra's account. And so it came about that the two women got on very well together, and Cliff was pleas&d.; TMdng advantage of this rosy state of things, Blanche ventured to present' Madame Celestine's hill. Which was paid without a murmur, and the fair debtor began to revolve plans in her mind as to possible visits to the autumn picture galleries. " This, you see, would be the thin end of the wedge," she said to' Belle. " Qrnte so," replied the lady; "but do you think it is worth while to insert the wedge at all when you are to take flight to the ghosthaunted Manor so soon ?" Blanche shuddered. " Please don't remind me of it, my dear, 1 ' she said, with a piteous moan. " How long is this-, girl going to stay with you ?" said Mrs. Carrington. "I don't know. She's bound for the Mauritius one. of these days, where her father's sister, the widow of a rich planter ' out there, offered her a home some time ago. There is ascertain Mrs. Mayne, an officer's wife, who is to be her escort when onee the • said individual is able to start; but at present she is ill. I'm sure," continued Mrs. Cliff, with an air of conviction, "I don't know what on earth a girl like Marion icants with a chaperon. She is just the type of woman no man born would turn round to look at twice." " I don't know about turning round to look at her," said Belle, "but I should say it would be hard to come across any one more winning • and she is so clever, too. Why, she has read all sorts of out-of- the-way books, and thought about them, too." " Ye-es," said Blanche, undecidedly. " I suppose she is what you call clever; but quite a woman's woman, you know. Men hate a clever woman." " Do they?" " Of course they do. It's trespassing on their own ground too much." "I must say that Colonel Durant by no means looked as if he hated Miss Vernon the other afternoon." "Pooh!" cried pretty Mrs. Cliff, flipping her white fingers lightly in a gesture of contempt. " He was just leading her on—trying to see how * blue' she could be. I saw through it at once, and when Marion quoted one ofthose dreadful old writers who lived before the Flood, and apparently didn't know how to spell, I said to Charley Durant—' Come, now, you two are getting too deep and learned,' and he looked so relieved." "Did he?" " Ah ! my dear, ypu don't understand ihen as well as I do. However, I mean to say nothing unkind about the girl. I quite like her, and she has excellent taste in dress. She has ipade one or two really valuable suggestions to me already, and she copies things fOr Cliff—reports, and such-Uke tiresomeness. I wish she wasn't so Arcadian in her ideas, though." " Is she Arcadian ?. She has such a thoughtful look in those soft -eves of hers I should hardly have fancied it. " Well, par exemple, last night she retired to her room to write letters. I thought, perhaps, she might have been feeling ill, .and 6aid so. 'Oh! dear no,* sayB our tngqnm; ' but you see, Mrs. PowelL I am always here, and I thought you and Mr. Powell might like to have a quiet time to yourselves of an evening sometimes.' Was not the thing unique But Belle hardly seemed to enter into the joke with the zest her friend expected. "She could not know " Then Belle stopped short. It was hard to rnt the ideas in her mind into words without t)eing somewhat rude. But Blanche finished the sentence for her— " She could not know that one naturally yawn's one's head off in a tSte-a-tete evening with one's liege lord—could she? All that experience of fife has yet to come—foi; heir."' Meanwhile, what present experience 'of life was being lived through by the.girl, these two women were discussing ? .. j >, , ,. , ir( A strange one truly. When first.she -carne to Harley-street Marion was ready to be plea;- santly surprised with anytMngatfd evei$ one in it. The warm greeting-she received" 'frorA Clifford Powell's wife j^eht; to her hearts THfe beauty and grace of her'hostess won uyon.'jiejat first sight. To be exceedingly sensitive" to the influence of beauty of all kiiids—natural, mental, artistic, and physical—is a characteristic of all intense and earnest nature^; so the girl was ready tp.find content in "heiv ,suiiroundings. . % But, gradually, first one discordant-no-ip and then another made itself • heard) an'thie haimohyoflier dailylife. 1 / •.•••,. •' '•••sil/wc " Out of the fnlness :of-the heart' the, rrt&dth; speaketh," andMarion, as thestraJigerilesijTjf new acquaintance passed off, began to,,speak of ber happy days. at Meriewood* .always avoiding direct reference to'poor ;old Media, Since ;fene bore' in minU yfiat Sirs; Rumble had told; her lato'ut .CJiff JiatWg ^Sofo •mind to him.""' ..' " •!-:',"•"."";.' \\\T; Blanche listened. A hostess could do nothing else very well when a guest spoke ; but she so listened that one day the girl became suddenly awake to the fact of how dreary and uninteresting was the subject she had chosen. She stopped short, coloured violently, and applied herself assiduously to her work. The long yawn in which Blanche had been furtively indulging having come to an end, that fair lady spoke out candidly the thoughts of her heart— " That all sounds very pretty, of course; but, my dear, how tired you must have been •of the whole thing." "Tired of being at Merlewood—tired of being with Mrs. Powell!" said the girl, with "wide eyes raised to the other's face. A visitor was announced at the moment, and so that wondering question, those ^ wistful eyes were never answered. But Marion—by no means so simple as Mrs. Cliff imagined her—spoke no more of Merlewood anothe quiet happy life that had there been hers. This was the first discordant note that jarred upon Marion's ear. The next was harder still to bear. For she began to see how Clifford's wife utterly failed to make her husband's life other than one long effort of forbearance. For a while the almost constant presence t>f a third party made things better and brighter than they had been for some time past. But gradually this restraint wore off. Blanche came out in her true colours, and Marion ceased to wonder at the reserve that Mrs. Powell had always shown in speaking of her son's wife. More that this, she commented upon his unreasonableness, his being "so tiresome," his insisting upon this or that, to other people in the girl's presence, -so tnat the next time she met the steadfast -eyes, so like his mother's, Marion was oppressed with a sense of treachery in that she had listened to such disloyal utterances. One person saw and appreciated her distress on these occasions, and that was Belle Carrington. Indeed, she tried to warn D Blanche, counselling more caution. But Blanche rebelled against "being preached to," and made scathing allusions to her friend's present edifying frame of mind. And what of Clifford Powell during these winter days—what of the man who, having married a vain fool, was " yirked" by the words of her mouth, hour by hour ana day •by day? Things are no better for him. The calls upon his forbearance were no whit less than | in all the years that were ; in reality so few, yet seemed so many—tne years that had «lapsed since he made Blanche Dorrington his wife; and yet everything, his wife's folly included, were easier to bear. Never had he been so gentle, so lenient towards those many acts of defiance in little things that at other times had tried him so severely. Finding this to be so, Blanche, acting up to her nature, traded upon it, be- •came more exacting, more unreasonable than before. Yet the man never lost patience with her. He was under a spell. Something new and beautiful had come into his life. Without recognising its name or nature he yielded to its influence; he-was like a weary traveller to whose parched and arid lips some pitying hand holds a chalice of strong wine. The thirsty man, asking not the nature of the draught, drinks with eager lips, and his soul grows strong within him. He is no longer weary. The way before him is long, yet he does not fear to face it. The. way is steep, yet he toils bravely on, and all around him is sweet and heavenly music. With those lovely strains filling the air above him and around him, he heeds not the desolation of the scene through which he is passing. So it was with Clifford PowelL He had lived a life utterly without sympathy; now he had that sweet food of the heart ever ready, to his hand, given in no stinted measure—given freely, even as he freely took it. Something had come into his life that made all burdens - easy to bear. How often, as-; he sat-ixfting over endless, papers at his study table,- would he pause, pesu in hand, ana almost liolii his breath to listen to the sound of a footfall on the stairs, the rustle, of a dress, the .echo of a voice—how often I He hau toid Marion Vernon that he looked upon her m the light of a sawed charge confided to iiini uy the mother whom.he mourned., He had toiu, himself- that he wa3 bound to love and guard the 'girl for that mother's sake. But now—how was it with him now? Was she still loved only for the sake of the deadrOr for her own 7 The greatest tragedies of life are entered upon by actors who know not whither their steps tend, by-men and .women WHO, in the clearer light the future gives, look back anl cry with burning tears, with pallid, trembling lips— "Blind, blind, blind!" ( To be Continued.) 