THE PEERYBINGLE PAPERS. \- '' - ;. - — - — T -- tr. . ...« Dr. Taimage, that eccentric bat eminent American divine, calls Colonel Bob Ingersoll the champion blasphemer of the world, and, judging from the few samples of his style which, with other rubbish, have drifted my way, I don't doubt for a minute but that he has gained his reputation. There is a journal in the city which may claim to be the champion perverter of the truth- there's a short word would better express it— of Australia, and that's a big thing. Whatever were Ananias's claims to his name before, they are far out-shone now, for there is nothing he touches that he does not adorn' with falseness. The report by the Commissioner of Polioe on the force is a tissae of mis representation from beginning to end ; the Russian admiral's despatch, the relevations of Bryant vouched for as gen nine), and the att&ok; on Mr. Madden, who was represented as having received a letter he never did receive, and making representations which he never did make, stamp Ananias as the champion. Bat what a lot of injury these things do. A lie has long legs, as the prophet says, and the only consolation is that, sooner or later, the habitual Bur ceases to be be lieved by anybody. featan reproving sin is a fool to Mr. Vale cross-examining witnesses as to whether there is any terrorism in the Railway Depart ment. As a matter of feet, I believe there is ; but how about Mr. Vale himself and the Law Department? Why. Brough Smyth was a lamb compared to the amiable Vale, when be had got one of his fits on lpi$, and somebody to bally who conld not retum it. I wopdpr how hiany limps he had to apologise for the use of the rongh ' side of his tongae. Talking of the Railway Department, I wonder whether it is true, as a porter of my acquaintance tells me it is, that there is a system of ondoe promotion at work ; that the officers of standing are disappointed and dis gusted ; and that, generally Speaking, there exists a demoralisation which certainly was not there when Mr. Thomas Higinbotham rnled the department. I wonder whether it's true that any such conversation, as the following ever occurred between a certain great man and an official discharging duty on a salary of £300 per annum : — Great Man : Good morning, Mr. . I have been observing yon for some time past, and I have come to the conclusion that yea do a good deal of work. Official (gratefully) : Thank, you, sir. I-do & good deal in the course of the day. Qfeat Man : Yes ; I shall raise your salary £50 ayear. No thanks ; you deserve it. By the way, don't you want any assistance in your office ? Qfficial : Well, I could do. with a message, hoy. Jt woulcin't'cost .orach more than rive shillings a week, gndit's Inconvenient somh. times to leave work to ran out on trifles. Great Man : Oh, TU send you assistance. Next morning a stranger makes his appear ance, supposed to be a banker by his general get up, bnt who proves to be the " assistant." Af the end of the week offiei&l; visits the great man. Official : Please, sir, how much is Mr. So- and-So to get ? Great Man : Oh, let's see. Yes. Pat him down at twenty bob a day. (Exit official on his head.) Anc) " that's the way the money goes, pop goes the weaseL" Now, I don't wonder whether that story's true ; that was only my fu ripy way of putting it, don't yon see ? X happens to be O.K.; and dozens o people who haVC wives and families to keep on half ' twenty hob" a day feel somewhat, and very properly, sore at the idea of an interloper being thus pitchforkedover the heads of men with claims. "Wben wUl our Civil Service be conducted on " sound business principles ?" — never, I fear, while certain people pull fog strings, - Wop mention of a wjld rumour that the Exhibition-building was to he turned into a hospital, and the Melbourne Hospital into a railway station— a rumour which could only have emanated from foe Terra Bend — reminds me that something must be done about the hospital. When people say, " Oh, no, he was not taken to the hospital— if he. had keen, he would have been a dead man before now," yon may be tolerably certain that there is something wrong ; and when that idea- seizes the public mind, it will he all up with the public support. Surely,' in sock a com- minify r as ours, there" is sufficient . public spirit to not only compel the destruction of the present ppst-hou|ie, bqt to build a sweet and hpalfoy resort for the afflicted and maime. There needs, however, a thorough pquiry into t|ie||nanBgemenfc of this festitu- fbewfe aomething indescribably hor- |o;hmM that phefoanll bitfo another shoulders ; .and that me interior organs «f rtohglake oh thpnhdoffleh pt a fourth V How foe ariihqr of the " Xhgoldsby Legends" would have revelled in the idea, and crested a delightful vision of ah indignant and avenging ghost in full pursuit after a careless doctor demanding his own anatomy instead of someone else's wrongfully conferred .Upon him. But the " subject" is too « grave" for jesting, and the allegations recently made should be inquired- info. . - -:>-' .And yet, upon my wprd,the more I see and hear of inquiries the less I believe in 'em. Look at the FoBce. Inquiry, see what a precious mess foey have made of it. They find a respeotable member of the police force guilty of cowardice, and recommend his degradation to foe ranks, and it is immediately j afterwards clearly proved that Sergeant Steele is a gaUant officer, who actually Was the capturer of the outlaw, Ned Kelly. I con gratulate Sergeant Steele with all my -heart upon his pluck, not only at Glenriowan, but upon bis pluck' in not sitting down, quietly under the foul aspersions levelled against him and greedily listened to by Longmore and Co. I should lite to shake hands with him. As for t'other constable — Arthur— J should like to — -no, I shouldn't. He ain't worth it. 1 By-the-way,I am reminded by a correspon dent that I have said a great deal too little about Dot of late. That sounds like an Irish ism, but it is not so, for I mean it. I have to apologise to the very numerous admirers of the old woman for not having let her have her say of late; hut, as a matter of faot, the 'Subjects I have had to deal with have been beyond the grasp of the ladies. But, possibly next week, we may be able to hear a few opinions from foe other side of the bouse, and may-be one or two from my sop Bob, who is beginning to talk " football" in foe most awful way. V". . . X like kl see foe Brass lioked now and then, heeause foe Press has such a hold of-ms poor folks of foe general pubiio. It can always have foe last word. But now and then I like to see foe Press hold its own, and it has done so with -Tommy Bent and his railway crew. You remember that a fellow named Bruce said that he knew that people who were not Press men travelled on the railways on Press passes, and Bent made that a ground for chucking foe PreBs out of his scheme of free travelling. Well, sow, Bruce can't show fight, has to admit that he drew on his imagination for his fectSi He could only hate done so to please his chief. I don't lite to draw comparisons, but I saw a pretfy thing foe other day in a religious periodical that Dot takes in. 'Twas as follows : — " Jones says that he and Eliza were bprn of foe same parents,: yet Eliza was not his sister, nor was he Eliza's brother. Question— What was Jones ? The simple, answer.is— Jones was : a liar l" How's that, Bruce? JOHN PEERYBINGLE. 