Chapter XXII. Lady Constantine Hung down the old fashioned lacework, whose beauties she had been pointing out to S within, and exclaimed, " Who can it be—not Louis, surely ?" They listened. An arrival was such a phenomenon at this unfrequented mansion, and particularly a late arrival, that no servant was on the alert to respond to the call; and the visitor rang more loudly than before. Sounds of the tardy opening and shutting of a passage door from the kitchen quarter then reached their ears, and Yiviette went into the corridor to hearken more attentively. In a few minutes she returned to the dressing room in which she had left S within. " Yes; [it is my brother," she said, with difficult composure. '' I just caught his voice. He has, no doubt, come back from Paris to stay. This is a rather vexatious indolent way he has, never to write to prepare one." " I can easily go away," said Swithin. By this time, however, her brother had been shown into the house, and the footsteps of the page were audible, coming in search of Lady Constantine. " If you will wait there a moment," she cried, directing St. Cleeve into her bedroom, which adjoined, "You will be quite safe from interruption, and I will quickly come back." Taking the light she left him. Swithin waited in darkness. Not more than ten minutes had passed when a whisper in her voice came through the keyhole. He opened the door. "Yes; he is come to stay," she said. " He is at supper now." "Very well; don't be flurried, dearest. Shall I stay too ?" -• " Oh, Swithin—I fear not!" she replied, anxiously. " You see how it is. To- night we have broken the arrangement that you should never come here, and this is the result. Will it offend you if—I ask you to leave V " Not in the least. Upon the whole I prefer the comfort of my little cabin and homestead to the gauntness and alarms of this place." " There now ; I fear you are offended," she said, a tear collecting in her eye. " Would that I was going back with you to the cabin ! How happy we were those three days of our Stay there. But it is better perhaps just now that you should leave me. Yes; these rooms are oppressive. They require a large house hold to make them chesrful. Yet, Swithin," she added, aftc-r reflection, " I will not re quest you to go. Do as you think best. I will light a night-light, and leave you here to consider. For myself I must go downstairs to my brother at once, or he'll wonder what I am aoing. She kindled the little light, and again retreated, closing the doorupon him. Swithin stood, and waited some time, till he had con sidered that upon the whole it would be pre ferable to leave. With this intention- he emerged, and went softly along the dark passage towards the extreme end, where there was a little crooked staircase that would con duct liim down to a disused side-door. De scending this he duly arrived at the other side of the house, facing the quarter where the wind blew, and lie was surprised to catch the noise of rain beating against the windows. It was astateof weather which fully accounted for the visitor's impatient ringing. St. Cleeve was in a minor kind of dilemma. The rain reminded him that his hat and great coat had been left downstairs in the front part of the house, and though he might have gone home without either in ordinary weather, it was not a pleasant feat in the pelting winter rain. Retracing his steps towards Viviette's room, he took the light and opened a closet door in the corridor, that he had. seen ajar on his way down; it was a closet in which hung various articles of apparel, upholstery lumber of all kinds iilling the back part. Swithin thought he might find here a cloak of hers to throw round him, but finally took down from a peg a more suit able garment—the only one of the sort that was there. It was an old moth-eaten great coat, heavily trimmed with fur, and in re moving it a companion cap of seal-skin was disclosed. " Whose can they be V he thought, and a gloomy answer suggested itself. "Pooh," he then said (summoning the scientific side of his nature.) "Matter is matter, and mental association only a delusion." Putting on the garments he re turned the light to Lady Constantino's dressing-room, and prepared to depart as before. Scarcely had he regained the corridor a second time when he heard a light footstep, seemingly Yivictte, again on the front land ing. Wondering what she wanted with him further, he waited, talcing the precaution to step into the closet till sure it was she. The figure came onward, bent to the keyhole df the bedroom door, and whispered—"Swithin; on second thoughts I think you might stay with safety." Having no further doubts of her personality, he came out with thoughtless abruptness from the closet behind her, and Jooking round suddenly she beheld his shadowy outline, liaising her hands in horror, as if to protect herself from him, she uttered a shriek and turned shuddering to the wall. He came still nearer, and she crouched completely down on the floor, covering her face. Swithin would have picked her up in a moment, but by this time he could hear foot stops rushing upstairs in response to her cry. In consternation, and entirely with the view of not compromising her, he effected his retreat as fast as possible, reaching the bend of the corridor just as her brother Louis ap peared with a light at the other extremity. "What's the matter, for Heaven's sake, Yiviette ?" said Louis. "My husband!" she involuntarily ex claimed. " "What nonsense!" " O, yes—it is nonsense; it was nothing." "But what was the cause of your cry?" She had evidently by this time recovered her reason and judgment. " O, it was a trick of the imagination," she said, with a faint laugh. "I live so much alone that I get superstitious—I—I thought for the moment I saw an apparition." " Of your late husband?" "Yes. But it was nothing: it was the outline of the tall clock and the chair be hind. Would you mind going down and leaving me to go into my room for a moment?" When Swithin was a shprt distance from his home, at a point where his track converged on another path, there ap proached him from the latter a group of in distinct forms, whose tones of speech revealed them to be Hezzy Biles, Mat Chapman, Fry, and other laborers. Swithin was about to say a word to them, till recollecting his dis guise, he deemed it advisable to hold his tongue lest his attire should tell a too dan gerous tale as to where he had come from. By degrees they drew closer, their walk being in the same direction. " Good night, stranger," said Mat. Kb reply. All of them paced on abreast of him, and he could perceive in the gloom that their faces were turned enquiringly upon his form. Then a whisper passed from one to another of them; then Chapman, who was the boldest, dropped immediately behind his heels, and followed on there for some distance, appa rently taking close observations of his out line, after which the men grouped again, and whispered. Thinking it best to let them pass on, Swithin slackened his pace, and they -went ahead of him without much reluc tance. There was no doubt that they had been impressed by the clothes he wore; and having no wish to provoke similar comments from his grandmother and Hannah, Swithin took the precaution on arriving at Welland Bottom to enter the homestead by the out house. Here he deposited the cap and coat in secure hiding, afterwards going round to the front and opening tbe door in the usual way. In the entry he met Hannah, who said, "D'ye know what hev been seed to night, Mr. Swithin? The workfolk have dropped in to tell us!" In the room were the men who had out stripped him on the road. Their countenances instead of wearing the usual knotty irregu larities had a smoothed-out expression of blank concern, and Swithin's entrancehaving been unobtrusive and quiet, as if be had merely come down from his study upstairs, they only noticed him by enlarging their gaze so as to include him in the audience. "We was in a deep talk at the moment," continued Blore, "and Is at had just brought up that story about old Jeremiah Paddock's crossing the park one night at 1 o'clock in the morning, and seeing Sir Blount a shutting my lady out o' doors; and we was saying that it seemed a true return that he should perish in a foreign land, when we happened to look up, and there was Sir Blount walking along." " Did it overtake you, or did you overtake it ?" enquired Hannah. " I don't say 'twas it," returned Sammy. " God forbid that I should drag in a resurrec tion word about what, perhaps, was still solid manhood and has to die. But he, or it, closed in upon us as 'twere." "Yes, closed in upon us," said Haymoss. "And I said, .'Good night, stranger,'" added Chapman. " Yes; ' Good night, stranger,' that wez yer words, Natty. I support ye in it." "And then he closed in upon us still more." " We closed in upon he rather," said Chap man. "Well, well—'tis no difference in these solemn matters. And the form was Sir Blount's, my nostrils told me, for—there, 'a smelted. Yes, I could smell'n, being to lee ward." " Lord, lord, what an unwholesome scandal about the ghost of a respectable gentleman!" said Mrs. Martin. "Now, wait—I don't say 'twere a low smell, mind ye. 'Twere a high smell—a sort of gamey flavior—calling to mind venison and hare; just as you'd expect of a grate squire— not like a poor man's 'natomyat all: and that was what strengthened my faith that 'twas Sir Blount." ("It was the skins that old coat was made of; I smelt them too," said Swithin to him self.") "Well, well, I've not defied the figure of starvation these five and twenty year, on nine shillings a week to be afeard of a walking vapor, sweet or savory," said Hezzy. "So here's home-along." "Bide a bit longer, and I'm going too," con tinued Fry. " Well, when I found' twas Sir Blount my sperit dried up within me; for neither hedge nor bush were there for refuge against any foul spring a might have made at us. 'Twas very curious, but we had likewise mentioned his name just afore, in talking of the confirmation that's shortly coming on." "Is there soon to be a confirmation?" "Yes. In this parish—the first time in Welland Church for twenty years. As I say, I had mentioned that he was confirmed the same year that I went up to have it done, as I have very good reason to mind. When we went to be examined the parson said to me, Rehearse the articles of thy belief! Mr. Blount (as he was then) was next me, and he whispered, 'Women and wine;' 'Women and wine,' says I, as innocent as a lamb, and for that I was sent back till next confirmation, Sir Blount never owning that he was the rascal." " Confirmation was different at that time," said Biles. " The bishops didn't lay it on so strong then as they do now. Nowa-days yer bishop gives both hands to every .Jack-rag and Tom-straw that drops the knee afore him; but 'twas six chaps to one blessing when we was boys. The bishop that time would stretch out his palms and run his fingers over our rows of crowns as off hand as a bank gentleman telling money. The great prophets of the church in them days wasn't particular to a soul or two more or less ; and for my part I think living was easier for't." " The new bishop I hear is a bachelor-man; or a widow gentleman is it?" asked Mrs. Martin. "Bachelor, Ibelieve,ma'am. Mr. SanCleeve making so bold, you've never faced him yet, I think?" Mrs. Martin shook her head. "No, it was a piece of neglect; I hardly know how it happened," she said. " I am going to this time," said S within, an .1 turned the chat to other matters. {To be continued.) 