The Alleged Robbery at the General Post Office. On Friday, says the Evening News, at the Water Police Court, Pierce Joseph Healy, a letter sorter, was brought upon remand on a charge of stealing two £1 notes from a letter in the Post Office. Detective Abbott deposed he was on duty at the General Post Office on Tuesday, the 25th inst., by special instructions. He was watching the prisoner, who was a clerk and letter sorter. When he left the office witness followed him to the closet. On his getting off the seat witness found three letters in the pan. Prisoner had not sued the closet. One of the letters had been opened, the other two were unopened. The moment he pushed open the door he saw prisoner crouching down on the seat. In the sorting room a few minutes previously had seen prisoner with letters in his hand. He was covering them with his handkerchief. " Then he put his hand with the letters in it into his pocket. Witness from his place of concealment could see that he had some letters in his hand, and was hiding them from view. It was in consequence of seeing him do this that he followed him quickly to the closet. The letters were wetted, and would in another moment have been washed down the pipe. On taking them out he noticed by reading the first words of the opened letter that it should have contained £2. He searched the closet carefully, but found no trace of the money. After leaving the closet prisoner thrust his arm back inside the door, and made some movement which induced witness immediately to go back and re-examine the place. On the seat he then found two £1 notes., which he now produced. They were dry and crumpled up. A moment before the notes were not there. Of this he was quite sure. He took prisoner to Mr. McMahon's room, and Superintendent Day was sent for. He said to prisoner, " What Healey ! are you the thief ?" Prisoner replied, "I have not been doing it all along, Sir I have only just commenced it." He was at this time much affected as pale as a ghost-and Bank back in a chair when confronted with the Superintendent, and he could hardly speak. Witness did not put any questions to him. By Mr. Williamson : It might have been a minute or a minute and a half before he came to prisoner in the closet, after leaving the place where he was watching him, and he could not have got to him or arrested him sooner after his leaving the sorting room. He was quite sober. The stamps on the letters were loosened. Told him he (witness) was a detective officer. The witnesses necessary to be examined in this case reside beyond Newcastle. On the application of the officer, the prisoner was remanded until next Tuesday. Bail, himself in £300, and two sureties of £150 each, to be approved, was allowed. 