CONSECRATION OF THIS BIG ITT REV. DR. CANI. FIRST CA TROLIC BISHOP OF ROCKHAMPTON. A special correspondent of tbe Brisbane Courier writes:— Sydney, May 22.— On Sun day last an event of very ereat importance to the Catholic residents in Queensland, and in which an nnusual amount of interest has been manifested, took place at St. Mary's pro Cathedral, Sydney — namely, the consecration of the Richt Bev. Dr. Cani, who was recently appointed by bis Holiness the Pope to the position of BiBhop of the newly-established diocese of Bockhampton. The consecration of a Bishop is one of the most interesting and solemn of tbe ceremonies of the Catholic Church, and the whole proceedings at St. Mary's on Sunday was carried out with much solemnity and ecclesiastical grandeur. It was not till balf-past 11 that the service com menced, but long before that time tbe spacious building was filled1 in every part, and among the Ianie congregation were not a few mem bers of other churches. St Mary's wore its brightest aspect, and the sanctuary presented an ornate and brilliant appearance. The entire sanctuary was artistically draped with bright-coloured silks and damasks, while tbe Archi-episcopal throne was covered by an ele gant canopy of white satin. The high altar was adorned with church ornaments and flowers, and as tie light through the windows wai subdued by the heavy draperies tbe ap pearance of the sanctuary was made the more imposing by that ' dim reHgions light ' which heightens the effect and adds so much to the impressi veneas of all Church, ceremonies. In the right aisle of the pro-cathedral a chapel was fitted ap for the Bishop elect, and on the altar in this chapel there were vases of flowers and lighted tapers, Tbe ecclesiastics who were to take part in the ceremonial assembled at tbe presbvtery about 1 1 o'clock, and there the con secreting prelate (Archbishop Vaut*han). the a«wistant Bishops, the Bishop elect, and the officiating priests were attired in the proper vestments. Under the direction of the master of ceremonies (the Very Rev. Dean Dwyer) a procession was formed, and after marching through the cathelral grounds, tbe ecclesiastics and acolytes entered the church by tbe door near the choir. First came tbe acolytes in their picturesque costumes, preceded by cross attired in cassocks and surplices, after whom walked their lordships the Bight Bev. Dr. Murray (Bishop oF Maitland). Right Rev. Dr. Lanigan (Bishnp of Gonlburn). Right Rev. Dr. Tnrreggiani (Bishop of Armidale), and the BiBhop elect, and their respective chaplains ; then the archiepiscopal cross bearer ; next the deacons of the tn^wn and throne ; And last of all, the Archbishop and his attendants.* Aa soon as tbe sacerdotal procession entered the building the choir burst forth in the anthem 'Eeca Sacerdos Magnus.' As chief cele brant and consecrating prelate Dr. Vauguan was arrayed in full pontificals, mitre on head and crozier in hand, and the attendant deacons wore elegant vestments of white and gold richly ornamented. The Bishop elect wore a magnificent cope and a small black 'biretta. while the Bishops of Mutlaod and Gonlbnra, in addition to copes and mitres of white 8i!B- wore rochets, amices, and stoles. When thfl^procession reached the sanctuary all who had taken part in it were conducted to the places allotted them. Archbishop Vanghan was escorted to bis 'faldstool' near the High Altar* and die assistant Bishops and BUhop elect were accommodated with seats imme diately in front of him, facing, the altar. Dr. Torreggiaxu, who did not take an actire part in the ceremonies, retired to a place prepared for him on the epistle side of the sanctuary. In addition to the Bishops the following clergy men were present:-Very Rev. Dean Sheridan, V.G., assistant priest; Very Rev. Dean Dwyer and Rev. J. Fleming, master of cere monies ; Rev. J. P. Fitzpatrick and Ber. a F. P. Collingridge, deacons of the mass ; Bev. J. J. Garvey and Rev. J. M. Garavel. deacons of the throne ; Very Rev. Father Dalton, S.J.; Bev. W. J. Kelly, S. J.; Very Rev. Pere Joly, &M.; Rex. P. J. Mahou; Hev. Father Ecuyer, S.1L; Very Bev. Dr. Byrne, of Bathurst; Rev. A. Ambrosoli, and Bev. B. Callachor. Dr. Byrne acted as chaplain to the Bishop of Maitland, and Father Ambrosoli as chaplain to tbe Bishop of Goullmrn, while Father Callachor attended on the Bishop eleet. The proceedings were commenced by tbe assistant Bishops bringing np the Bishop elect and presenting him with respectful obeisances to the Archbishop, after which they resumed their seats. The senior assisting Bishop (Dr. — Our Holy Mother tbe Church demands of you to promote the priest here present to the office of a Bishop.' To this the consecrator replied, — *' Have you tbe apostolic mandate?** The senior assistant Bishop eaid, ' We have,' whereupon Pere Joly, S.M., acting as notary to the presiding Bishop, read the mandate. After this somewhat lengthy document had been read Dr. Cani, kneeling before tbe conse crating prelate, pronounced the prescribed oath'. The Bishop elect, in the words of the office, declared that with his whole heart he desired in everything to act in conformity with the Holy Scriptures. He also promised to teach tbe word and by example to the people over whom he was to be set whatever things he had learned out of the Holy Scrip tures. He promised also that he would reverently receive, teach, and keep the tradi tions of the orthodox fathers; and tbe decretals and constitutions of the boly and apostolic see. He likewise promised canonical obedience to Pope Leo SIH., as the representative of St. Peter ; that he would, so order his personal condnct as to avoid all that was evil, and with God'a assistance would follow after all that was good ; that he would teach and practice the cardinal virtues ; that be would as much as possible avoid secular affairs, and forbear to seek after worldly gain, and that be would practise and teach the virtues of humility and patience ; and, lastly, that be would, for the Lord's sake, be kind to strangers and be pitiful to the poor. After all the questions had been satisfactorily answered, the conse crating prelate said :— ' Most beloved brother in Christ, may this thy faith be increased by the Lord until thou ehalt come to true and eternal happiness.*1 All in the sanctuary answered 'Amen!' and then the Bishop elect was conducted to bis chapel, where he divested himself of his cope, and was vested with chausible and maniple, stole, tunic, dalmatic, pectoral cross, and imn^riB. Pontifical High Mass was commenced by Archbishop Vaughan and Dr. Cani, and the assistant Bishops at the special altar in tbe chapel recited the service of the mass in unison with die consecrating prelate at tbe High Altar. Tbe epistle and tract being finished, the Bishop elect proceeded to tbe sanctuary, accompanied by Dr. Lanican and Dr. Murrav. when the conaecrator briefly instructed bim on the duties of bis episcopal office. Tbe consecrator then called npon tbe con gregation to pray for the newly-appointed pre late, that bis episcopate might be for the benefit of the church, and then followed tbe Litanies with special suffrages for the elect. Then the book of Gospels was placed on the shoulders of tbe Bishop elect, and after that the coosecrator and assisting Bishops solemnly laid their bands on his head, saying toe sacra mental words, ' Accipe Spirihtm Sanctum.' (Receive thou the Holy Ghost). Tbe consec rator having laid aside bis mitre, offered up the prayer PropiUare domine, &£., and so passed on to the 'urmtm Corda. The beauti ful hymn, ' Vetu Creator Spiritou,' was subsequently began by the Archbishop, and completed by the assembled clergy, with Fathers Fitzpatrick and Garavel as tbe princi pal chanters. Whilst the hymn was being rendered the presiding prelate anointed the head of the new bishop with chrism, saying the duly-appointed words, 'Be thy head anointed and consecrated in the order of high priest by heavenly benediction, in the name of the Father and of tbe Son and of the Holy Ghost' Tbe hands of the new Bishop were next anointed, and having done that the Con eecrator said, '* Be these hands anointed with sacred oil and the chrism of aanctifica tiou ; as Samuel anointed David to be king and prophet, so be thee anointed and con secrated. In the name of God the Father, and of God the Son, and of the Holy Ghost, bearing on them the likeness of the holy cross of our Saviour the Lord Jesus Christ, who redeemed us from death and obtained for us the kingdom of heaven.' Prayers were then offered for the elect, at the conclusion of which tbe conaecrator blessed and ifave the new Bishop his crozier or pastoral t-tan^ which was of brightly burnished silver ; his episcopal ring, the book of Holy Gospels ; and lastly, with the other prelates he erected him with the fraternal kiss of peace according to the ancient custom of the Catholic Church. When placing the ring on Dr. Cani's finger tbe conaecrator said, '* Receive this ring tbe pledge of affiance, that, being adorned with the token of untainted fidelity, thou mayest guard with hooonr incorrupt die spouse of God, His Holy Church.' Ou -handing htm ths crozier he eaid : '* Receive this staff of the pastoral office, tbat in tbe ccrrection of vice , thou mayest employ severity with kind ness, and exercise judgment without anger, and that in cherishing virtue tbon mayest soothe the minds of thy hearers without neglectine, in thy peacefalnes*, the severity of reproof ;' and on preseniW bim with the Book of Gospels, 'Eeceive the Gospels, and go forth and preach it to tbe people committed to thee, for God is powerful to augment His grace to thee, who liveth and reigneth world without end.' The newly consecrated Bishop then retained ta^ his chapel, and went on with the mass ae43k as tueonertory, when be agiin proceeded to the sanctuary, this time for the pnrpoae of pre senting tbe consecrating prelate with two wax candles, two loaves of bread, and two mini* tare ado. of wiwtBoth ttw loaves .and the wine casks were covered with gold and silver, and bore tbe file crests of tbe new Bishop and the consecrater, u also did the candles. After the presentation the BiBhop of Bockhampton proceeded to the ode of the High Altar, and said and did all that pertained to the pontifical office of tbe mass, m unison with the most reverend celebrant There were special prayers appointed and recited daring the remainder of the service, both in the canon and post communion, and at the conclusion of the mass the consecrating prelate blessed and placed the mitre on the head of the consecrated Bishop, and, having conducted him to his seat, placed the crozier in his hand: and then, bowing to the altar, intoned the opening of the Te Deum. Whilst the hymn of joy-was being snug by the priestfe, the Bight Bev. Dr. Cani, supported on either aide by one of the assisting Bishops, proceeded round the church, giving his blessing to the congregation as be passed along. On the return to the sanctuary the consecrating and assisting prelates, without mitres, stood at the Gospel side and the new Bishop went to the centre of the altar and pronounced the ponti fical benediction. At the blessing the sanc tuary presented a most imposing appearance ; the richly-vested prelates and deacons, the number of scarlet-robed acolytes, the assem blage of priests in black and white robes, toe handsome draperies, and tbe High Attar dazzling with lights and flowers, made np a scene never before equalled in these colonies. The musical portion of the service consisted of selections from Haydn's 16th Mass and Van Bree'a No. L Mrs. Frank Brewer, Mrs. GHfoyle, Mr. James ffinchy, Mr. J. H. Flynn. and Mr. M. Fitzgerald were the soloislz. Herr Suasmilch conducted, and Mr. Thomas Banks presided at the organ. On the whole the performance of tbe choir was a creditable Father William Kelly, S J., who delivered an address some short time since in St. Stephen's, Brisbane, was the preacher of the day, and the sermon was delivered imme diately after the Gospel. Taking for hi» text the words—' The Pastor, and Bishop of jour souls ;' 1st Efistle St Peter. 2 chap 25th v., Father Kelly delivered a brilliantly eloquent and profoundly interesting discourse on the episcopal office, its origin and meaning, and the duties and responsfbilitus of the spiritual pastor to God and to his flock. The office of a Bishop was one of unflagging labour, endless care, and constant watchfulness, and tbe diffi culties and trials were increased when a Bishop was placed in a diocese such as the one to which Dr. Cani had been appointed. The new Bishop had cheerfully -entered npon his apos tolic labours, and had declared himself ready to sacrifice bis health and strength and to lay down his life if necessary for the glory of God and the advancement of religion. He (Father Kelly) bad. had the happiness of meeting Or. Cani oa three occasions — first at the council held in Melbourne, at which bishops and priests from all parts of Australasia attended, and Dr. Cani, who attended tbat council as a Doctor of Divinity, as the theologian of bis reverend and beloved Bishop, and as the secretary of an important religions congregation, displayed great ability in tiie debates. The second time was on the occasion of a visit to Brisbane, and then he found him engaged on a great work, labouring unceasingly, and with love and self-denial, to bring to a completion the cathedral of St. Stephen. Dr. Cani spent his days and nights in. a mere faovel under the Bnadow of the temple that was slowly growing and attaining its grand proportions, and he appeared to live only for the cathedral, so great was his zeal and 80 strong his love for the glory of the House of God. The third time was when he visited Brisbane to take part in tbe solemn commemoration service for the late *«'i»p**d RiBhop, and he was then administrator of the diocese, while holding that responsible posi tion, and in the midst of all his cares and tronbfes, be expressed a bope that be might be fortunate enough to secure the services of a missionary father, in order that be might travel to tbe extreme limits of the extensive diocese and carry with him the consola tions and blessings of religion. He would not in that place make any more than a passing reference to his labours. He had now been placed as the cusnap over large and interesting realms, and he (Father Kelly) asked all present to pray that blessings may descend uqon him and fiU his heart with joy and consolation, and to nnite with the Charcb in her prayer that tbe days and the labours of the first Bishop «f Rm:khamptoD may be long, and fruitful, and felicitous. The solemn yet brilliant ceremonies were brought to a close witb the mutual congratu lations of the newly-consecrated Bishop on bis consecration ; and the asBiitaut Bishops, pre lates, priests, and acolytes then formed fit, procession and moved through the church as they had entered, the organist playing an inspiriting march. From tbe pro-Cathedral the proceaicn proceeded through tbe grounds to the presbytery, the Archbishop and. Dr. Cani blessing tbe people who gathered around as it passed along. At the presbytery tbe new Bishop was entertained at a banquet It was nearly three o'clock before the Church ceremonies were finished, but nearly the whole of the congregation remained till tbe last. During his stay in Sydney the Bishop of Bockhampton has been the guest of Arch biahop Vanghan, at St. John's College. ? The Cailiungal .Station herd will be further augmented by tfeirt5-thrce ihortWn tails, which arrived in the You Yangs, s.8., on Saturday night They were taken out to Messrs. Rutherford Brothers' paddock. 