(PUBLISHED DAILY.) Echttca : Saturday, November 25. 1882. The two candidates for the Northern Pro vince have had their " speech day" before an Echuca audience, and both have been subjected to a very severe cross-examina ; tion at the hands of the electors. As we mentioned in a former article both Mr; Sterry and Mr. Winter seek the suffrages of the province on the same ticket, their pro grammes in every respect being essentially the same, so that, so far as politics are con cerned, it is a difficult matter to choose be tween them. But in the manner of their utterances there appears to be a very im portant divergence. Mr. Sterry, when at Echuca, urged that both the line from Heathcote to Sandhurst and from Heath* ^ cote to Elmore might be constructed—-one would not affect the other. In Sandhurst however, he at once avowed his intention;' to throw Echuca overboard and strongly advocated that the line from Sandhurst to Heathcote should:be restored* to the bill and carried out Probably seeing the position of affairs and how' it would affect him here, Mr. Sterry most naively resorted to the usual practice of abusing the re porters—of course" he was misreported. But, so far as we; are, concerned, we have every reason to know1 not only that Mr. Sterry was correctly reported in.this jour nal, but also that lie was perfectly.satisfied .Willi its correctness while at Echuca. We place before our readers the two state ments.'': : Ill V15 LUXE ill! HALT). "\Vc quote verbatnn from our report.of Mi\ Stcrry's ■. mooting held on'Fridav night, 17tli NovcmberJ:—-The mil way question was of considerable impor i tance nt the present time ; there seemed to be a, - great' desire to construct.raihviiys near the metropolis, but how could the large, centres expect to prosper, if the wants of the coun try districts were not attendod to. In refer ence, to the Sandhurst to ilcathcote line and. the .Heathcote to El inore lines, he thought one did not effect the other in 'the slightest. Sandhurst required a, line to.Axedale, where there were large forests for timber for the mines. It was to be regretted that there was any illrfeeling be tween the two towns on this question. -In - his opinion there- was too much inoney. ex ponded on railways, and: -a' portion of it would have been fifty per cont; bettor ex pended on water con servation. He strongly advocated the con struction of the line to Axedale, as there was a large consumption of firewoo d in Sandhurst. It would bo no , parti cular' advantage to Sandhurst to get the . line to Heathcote, and tho peoplo of-Heath cote did not care much about it. 5 BeSDIGO ADVJ3U TISKK." ■ - At Ills Cent-iil Com mittee meeting, held at tlie City Hotel, Sandhurst, on Monday night, Mr.. Stcrry re' ferred to his meeting in Eehuea last {Friday evening, which lie said, they would obsOrv hud been fairly success' fllli- He lmd, however, noticed a paragraph in that day's JRentliga Ad vertiser ^ extracted from tli e JRivet'iiie lief aid, in which he was scar cely fairly reported. Ke had told the elec tors of Eehuea that he did not believe in du plicate lines, and • in stead ■ of agitating for the construction of such lines lie would rather go in for a re duction in freight, which would be more business-like. He had also stated that the line from Sandhurst-to Axedule was an abso lute necessity in the interests of tlie mining community, owing to the difficulty which ex isted for obtaining timber for mining pur poses within a radius of 15 miles of the city. ; He tolcl* them that lie would iisc his best en deavors to have the line reinstated in the bill, at least so far as Axedale was concer ned, and m the event ot the quostiori of the lines bandhurst to .Heathcote and Elmore to Heathcote ' coming • to the .''vote, lie would decidedly "support tlie Sandhurst toute. He . had said -that; if he had told them anything else, they would not believe him, and the meeting gave; him the credit foiy, being thor oughly .candid >in ,tlie matter. (Hear, hear). : ; -From^tbe; Bendigo Advertise/• of the 23rd instant we take the following extract of Mr, S terry's speech in that-city. Perhaps, when that gentleman addresses the elec tors in some/distant part of the electorate he will say he-was in this instance misre porlcd:— It had been represented-iri the Sandhurst press that he had stated atEcliuca that he would support the line from Elmore sto Echuea, instead of that from Sandhurst to Heathcote. - If lie had. ; said so, he would be false to himself. He had told the Eclrnca people that Sandhurst had .110 desire to interfere with them." They (the Echuca people) should have, moved before if they wanted the line,' and not have -waited till the Sandhurst , was-on-'the Railway Bill. They should have tried to get tlieir own bill, and not interfere with Sandhurst. He had told- them further that they had no right to ask. for the duplication of the-lines, but should rather agitate for a reduction of freight. He had told them that if it came to a question, he would support the Sandhurst line. Mr. Winter, as will be seen by the im port of his speech in another column was •*ery straightforward in stating just what he thought, and although open to convic tion, boldly gave his opinion 011 the matter of the railway in favor of Sandhurst. The electors, therefore, are put in a position of choosing between two evils, and it is to lie hoped they will, in their wisdom, choose the one who will represent the interests of the whole province irrespective of any particular section. A dissolution of the Parliament of New South Wales having taken place the sister colony will soon be in the throes of a general election, and it behoves every wvll wisher of the colony to be up and doing, and to take such steps as will ensure the return of members to the Legislature who I 1 have the true interests of the colony at ] heart. The great question at issue is the disposal of the public estate., a subject that should receive the most earnest con sideration from every elector in the colony —a subject that, in the magnitude of its interests to the community, as a whole; is of paramount importance. Anyone who has followed the working of the Land Laws iii New South Wales must have viewed \Vlth disfavor the rapid alienation of its i •broad acres for pastoral purposes alone, r That'theland laws have utterly failed in 1 placing the honajicle agriculturist on the ground there can be no reasonable doubt ; that the soil jind climate are in many parts of the colony eminently adapted for agri cultural pursuits experience hasabundantly proved.' At a conference of delegates: from the various selector's associations throughout the colony, recently held in Sydney, the present land laws were con-;, denined in toto, as having utterly failed in placing the people on - the- lands, and - a manifesto was issued ; containing t such principles of reform that if carried into law i.would be conducive to the interests of bona fide settlement. A meeting.-: will be held at Moama this evening-to discuss the situation, when we sincerely trust the best ] counsels will prevail, and a choice made of candidates who .will; have the interests of the district at Jlieart, and determined if . elected to use : their best efl'orts in the Legislatureto "effect such alterations in the laud laws as .would ensure the retention of the remaining Crown lauds of the colony in the hands of agriculturists. The names of several ; gentlemen - have al ready been mentioned as probable candi dates—but we l'efrain from pointing out any individually—men of ability and who could worthily fill the position.. We would urge on the electors, however, the neces sity of making a good choice and taking immediate steps to ensure their return. I Held Ovek. —Owing to want of space, several paragraphs of local interest have been held over. Tub Weather.—The thermometer at the Pal ace Hotel at noon yesterday register ed 111)0 in the sun, and 82° in .the shade., ■ Stock Crossings.—The stock crossings :l yesterday were 70 head of cattle from. I)eniliquin, consigned to John Brindle. EoiiuGA. Police'Court.—A clean sheet was presented at the1 Ecliuca . Police Court yesterday. Nout'ipWestern Province Election.— In oviv fourth page will be found Mr. Houtts' address to the electors of the North-western Province. - - ■> : Public Mebtln«- 'at''Moama.—A! public meeting of electors to nominate candidate for the ensuing Sydney Legislative Elections will be held at Moama, this evening, under the auspices of the Land Law Reform As sociation. NoirriiEitk . Proyixok Election.—By telegram last night, our Rochester correspon dent sends, us- the following :—Mr. W. I. Winter met about thirty electors at Long's Hotel, Elmore,. Mr. / J. Heeps. being in the chair. Various points of his address were referred. • to, ' and questions answered --in a satisfactory manner. The meeting was una nimous throughout, and a. vote" of confi dence was carried with enthusiasm. In the afternoon, the .candidate met a number of electors at Tidy's Hotel,' Rochester, Mr. Allen, J.P., - presiding. The; meeting was very enthusiastic, and a vote of confidence I was moved by Mr. John Finister, and seconded by Mr P. M'Corniack) which was carried. . ' • " : RiaiGiotrs SiMmoES. —1The; Rev. J. Nail will preach at both services'"at the, Wesleyan Church to-morrow. At the evening service in the Baptist'Ohni'Chj the ordinance of bap tism will be administered to.two candidates, I both yoiing men residing at Deniliquin. The Rev. E. A. Crawford, "of Castlemain.e, will officiate at the morning and evening ser vices in. Christ Church. ".Collections on be half of the Bishop of Melbourne Fund. A 1 children's service will be held at 3 p.m., to which parents.and frhnds are invited. Furious Driving.—The dangerous prac tice of driving vehicles at a more than ordi nary pace on one of the chief thoroughfares of the borough was yesterday adopted by two cabman. These individuals started their horses at a furious pace down Hare-street with the intention evidently of seeing who I would first reach the Palace Hotel. Fortu I nately no accident.occurred, but this was not 1 the fault of the men in chai'ge of the vehicles, but to* the fact that the ttaftic on the road at the time was very slight. • ;Tlie attention of the police has we believe, .been drawn, to this obnoxious practice, who will prosecute offen ders, with the.utmost rigor of the law., LSchooi Concert.-rLast evenni^ the Tem ; bperanc'e-^all'."ivas1 •'dousely crowded .by '-"a highly respectable , attentive, and -apprecia , ti°e audience'-to 'listen to a concert by the ! children attending the State School. This concert had been . projected, by the Ladies • Benevolent.Society, with the:vie\v of oHain •,i ing some substantial aid to the funds of the i local charities, and right well they-have car 1 riedout their idea. Shortly after S o'clock 1 the Mayor, Mr. W. W. Moore','took the r, chair, and opened: the proceedings by refer ring in kindly terms to the head teacher of '• fche° school, Mr. Hartshorn,: who7 had been 1 most indefatigable in getting up those con !, "carts'and making them pay. "He also passed a word of praise on the conductor, Mr. '■ Miller,' and had no doubt the concert would ' be creditable to him and gratifying to the parents and friends who had met ..there that evening. The Victoria Park Band then played°the opening chorus—Waltz —" Glorie de Digon," which elicited loud applause. The first part or the programme included several excellent numbers,.amongst'which the -fol lowing were worthy of note-Pianoforte duet (The Abyssinian), by the: Missus Bar beris with brilliant execution and modula tion ; duet for violin.and piano; (Der Freis chutz), by •: Master ;and ■. Miss! ' Joiics.This Was so beautifully' rendered that ati encore was demanded, when they wive the Ghost Melody froriv the Ccirsican Bros ;-pianoforte selection (Silvery Waves),': 'by -Misa 'Dale:; this was a very excellent performance, and an encore being demanded, she gave the Tam bour Waltz.* The children and chorus ren dered' their selections in capital voice, and time, and were much applauded. The second part of the programme consisted of the can tata " The Picnic,"- which was well rendered throughout. Mi's. Hartshorn-- played the accompaniments on a very excellent piano ("one. of Aucher-Frere's) kindly leut for the occasion by Mr. Cochrane, and .gave general satisfaction. ; The concert: throughout great credit on all who took part in it,, and at . its conclusion Mr.: Hartshorn returned thanks to the Victoria Band, to the gentlemen form ing tho chorus, to the conductor, tivthe chair man, and also-,, to the members of the Hospita ICommittee, • who had kindly con sented to accept part of the pioceuds of . the concert, to be added to: their funds. The National Anthem was then sung, the au i dience standing and joining in, and the pro- j ceedings terminated. The gross proceeds', | we believe, are over £2G. j Leases.—Leases for the following are now i ready for delivery at the Ecliuca sub-trea sury :—A. A. Allan (2), D. Bradley, M. 1 Brown, M. Burns, J. Baldwin, T. Conley, j Mr. Curtis, jun., Mr. Curtin, E. M. Curtis, R. Cantwe'll, W. Calder, R. Cornish, W. Dunphy, W. Wesley, W. Fleming, H. Fox, A. Fowler, M. M. Fay, L. (arbiter, E. Gray, W. H. Heppell, M. Hanlon^ i\ Honey, J. Hogan, J. Jones, James Kernan, fc>- Max well, C. Mancer, Ivi. Mooney, Mary Mooney, W. Lamont, F. Meeking. J. Menzies and R. Harper, E. M'Intyre, H. Onnor.d, sen., P. O'Connor, P. O'Brien, L O'Loughlen, Li. E. O'Suliiviui, David Packham, M. Pratt, W. Pratt, jun., J. Reedy, T. Rigney, K. Rigney, M. Ryan, J. T. Rnttle, J. Strachan, M. Slattery, A. A. Windsor, T. Walsh, J. M. , Whitelield (2), C. Williams, J, Wvight. 