THE A.R.C. BIRTHDAY MEETING. FOURTH DAY— SATURDAY, MAY 27. The last day of the A.R.C. Meeting was very largely attended ; indeed, if Messrs. Beyer & Withall, the architects of the new Grand Stand, be right in their estimate of the number of persons thai building will hold, there must nave been 10,000 on the conrs j. Ladies do not appear to have overcome their aversion to the Old Course, as there have been comparatively few present during the meeting ; but the general public mustered in great force on Saturday to sse the ever - popular Steeplechase. His Excel lency toe Governor arrived somi aftur thearafcrace, and waited until Frst Water had won the Tramway Handicap, a modest prize which represents the once-popular cheanut's only victory siuee he cantered home for the Australian Cup in 1SS1. The Steeplechase was a most unsatisfactory race, as owing to the obstinate manner iu which the Club insist in adhering to the practice of only giving the field a run of two hundred yards before they are asked to negotiate the quad ruple; the favourite was brought to grief at the first fence, and several others were done With in the first quarter of a mile. Before the racing began a slight sensation was caused* in the paddock by the scratching of Chrysalis for the Steeplechase. The mare was heavily backed in doubles, trebles, and straight-out bopks, and much indignation as well as sur prise was expressed when at six minutes past 1 o'clock she was struck out in accordance with a telegram from Mr. Nathaniel Webb. The mare has been in Mr. Jordan's stable since Rowe returned to Melbourne, and a gentleman who was supposed to have the management of her had backed her to win a good stake ; but other influences appear to nave been brought to bear, and without giving this gentleman the slightest notice, Mr. Webb withdrew Chrysalis at the last moment, and Batty became at liberty to ride Stag. Tne two-year-old selling race brought out six runners, and after a capital race the favourite Sterling beat King Charles by a head, and the victory was somewhat luckily Rained, as the brother to Buccaneer gpt on very badly. Creswick, Mesalliance, Annie Firmin, and Mistaken were withdrawn from the City Handicap; and after Israelite, Crystal, and Topaz had bsen backed Handy Andy settled down in be3t demand, while Footstep was not backed save by outsiders. The two-year-old, who seems to hav.; run herself into form since the beginning of the month, was taken to the front directly the flag fell, and leading the whole way won cleverly from Topaz and .Result. The Israelite and Handy Andv were not dangerous from the dip, and nething could liave beaten the winner under any circumstances but Topaz, who would have been nearer if Hutcliius had not put lite chance out in fiddling for the anside position coming out of the dip. After luncheon had been discussed the Steeple chase came in for decision, and with Batty secured for Stag Mr. Wcekes, who declared to Min with his late purchase, thought he had a good thing. Reform was a decided second favourite, though hn looked very tucked up, and was said to have been off his feed for several days. Erin seemed much improved since Morphettville, and ' there was nothing in the race to beat Iicrv O'More in apj)earance, this stoutly built aud beautifully turned chesnut looking every inch a 'chaser. The race may be said to have been decided at the first fence. Reform led to this and smashed through it. but he stood up, and with Stag rolling over Reform cleared out, aud was r..,3r seen again by the other competitors, though Lucy, who3o rider did not set sail until very late in the day, made up a lot of ground in the last mile. All the other competitors either baulked or fell, and we arc sorry to say that Keating, the rider of Rory O'More, who was knocked down by Eriu, was rather badly hurt. He was brought into the Stand in an insensible state, and afterwards removed to the Hospital, where we believe he is doing very well. Batty got a nasty shaking, and his car was cut through Lucy jumping on it, but on Sunday mornin' he wa3 about, very little the worse for lm fall. After the race Reform was put up for sale, and bougkt by a well-known sportsman 'at Morgan for 200 guineas. A fine field contested the Tramway Handicap. Baron Von Mueller opened favourite, but he was soon supplanted by Creswick, and comparatively short price3 were taken against Topaz and Handy Andy until it was seen that business was really meant with the long 'bottled-up' First Water. His owner did not back him until the last moment, when he took 1,000 to 300, and with the horse standing out as the pick of the handicap, those who saw the move were not long in following, and had the general public been aware of what was going on the dividend in the machine would have been nearer £3 than £7. The Israelite made the pace a cracker for three-quarters of a mile, when Hutchina went up to him with Topaz, and going on as though the dip was the winning-post First Water was enabled to wear him down and win a slashing race by a little more than a head. The Baron, who came very fast at the finish, was barely a length from the winner, and in the opinion of a great many he would have won if O Brien had c«me in the centre of the course at once instead of waiting to get an opening on the rails until his chance of catching the leaders was gone. It looks very nice to see a. jockey_ dart up on the inside at the finish with the race in hand, but other riders do not care about letting one man have a mono poly of this position, and O'Brien will find it advisable to practise a little variation occasionally. When the weights came out for the Consolation Stakes Mistaken was spotted as a good thing, but he had not the ghost of a chance with Annie Firmin, who led the whole way, and won in a canter by three lengths. This was the third race during the day that had fallen to the Fulham- bred stock, and as Topaz ran second twice. Silur day was a great day for Mr. Blackler. Owing to the delay in starting the different races, it was nearly dark when the meeting was over, and wo hope the Club will exercise more punctuality in future. Beyond one or two trifling drawbacks the meeting bas passed off very satisfactorily, and the lessees may certainty congratulate them selves to-day on the financial results. The attendance has been far and away better than at any previous gathering, and the totalizator percentage on the £iO,00) odd which passed through during the four dayj will anount to about £2,500. Daring the day £9,GS1 passed through the totalizator, the dividends being Selling Race, £2 2s. ; City Handicap, £14 7s. ; Steeplechase, £1 Its.; Tramway Handicap, £7 2s. ; Consolation Stakes, £3 12s. Ths following are the parti culars of the running :— TWO-YEAR-OLn SELLING RACE, : Of 50 sovs., added to a sweep of 2 sots. Fire furlonps. Mr. J. H. Aldridge's c.c. Sterling, by Countryman , —Countess, £40, 2 yrs.1; 7 at (S. Cracltnell) . . 1 Mr. M. C. Jacobs's b.c. King Charles, £00, 7 st. 7 lb. (D. O'Brien) ? 2 Mr. .1. H. Hill's cf. Toonketchcn, £100, 2 yrs.,r i 8 st. (Campbell) ? .- S Mr. W. Gordon's b.f. Sweetlips, £00, 7 st 710. ' (Quinn). Jlr E. Skelton's b.g. Charleton, £20, 2 yrs., C Ht. 7 lb. (2 st. 3 lb. oTcr) (Mann). Mr. H. Tothill's cf. Country Maid, £20, 6 st. 7 lb. (7 lb. over) (J. O'Brien). Belting— 5 to 4 agst. Sterling, 0 to 4 Toonketchen, S to 1 King Charles. The flag fell to an indifferent start, and Sterling, Toonketchen, and Sweetlips jnraped off first, while King Charles and Cliarleton got away very badly. Sterling on the inside was just clear of Toonketchen at the half-mile post, the othertbree being together, and they entered the straight in a bnnch. Coming out of 'the dip Toonketchen retired, and King Charles joining Sterling the two ran a splendid race home, which ended in favour of the latter by a head, Toonketchen six lengths off third. Sw^etlips fourth Country Maid fifth', and Oharleton beaten off. Time, 1 min. 5 sec. The winner was i-old to Mr. S. Martin for SO guinea*. CITY HANDICAP. A handicap sweepstakes of 5 sots, each, with 150 sevs. added. One mile. Mr. J. K. Savill's cf. Footstep, by Countryman— Instep, 2 yrs., 7 st. 71b. (Moore) ? I Mr. R. Love's b.c. Topaz, 3 yrs., 7 st. 13 lb. (Hutchins) ? 2 Mr. A. K. Finlays b.f. Result, 3 yra., 8 st. 1 lb. (Hales) ? 3 Mr B. Coleman's c.h. Crystal, 4 yrs., 8 st. 0 lb. (SI. O'Brien). Mr. H. Fisher's b.g. Handy Andy, 6 yrs., 8 st. 4 lb. (Williamson). Mr. C L. Macdonald's b.c. The Israelite, 3 yrs., 7 st. Gib. (Cracknell). Jlr. Austin Saqui's b.c. Mistake, 2 yrs., 7 st. 4 lb. (Sanders). Mr. G. H. Head's b.m. Lady Melissa, 5 yw., 0- st 12 lb. (Killey). Mr. P. McNamara's blk.c. Dutchman, agei1, C st. 10 lb. (Campbell). Mr. D. O'Dea's b.c. Souvenir, 3 yrs., 6 st. (Boase). Betting— S to 1 aest. Handy Andy, 4 to 1 Crystal and Result, 5 to 1 The Israelite and Topaz. After some fiddling at the post Result and Topaz jumped off first, -rith Israelite, Crystal, and Handy Andy close up ; but Footstep at oace rushed through her field, and led past the south-eastern corner by two lengths from The Israelite and Result, after whom came Topaz, Mistake, Handy Andy, and Crystal in cl03e order, -with Melissa, Dutchman, and Souvenir whipping in. Footstep had increased her leadat the »ix-fnrlopg post, and Keault, Israelite, and Mistake were rnuring level, with Handy and Topaz next. Crystal baring dropped to the rear. The Israelite took second place on the hill, the others beipR well packed, with Crystal coming on the inside ; but Footstep held her own into the straight, and coming ont of the dip Besult. The Israelite, and Handy Andy were at her, with Topaz and Crystal at rery close quarters. At the durance Handy Andy and Israelite retired, and Topaz, who had ,been disappointed ia eeUins through, began to draw ob the leader, bat though he e&aght; Basalt he could nererqaito reach Footstep, wno won* grea. racobybalf » length. Result was a neck behind 'o|»-!, with Crystal a good fonrth, Hinlr Amly fifth, and the Israelite xixth. Tims, I min. 43} *k. STKZPLECHASE, A handicap sweepstakes of 0 sorj. each, with SO) sova. added. Second horaa 30 sota, aa 1 thirl 10 sors. out,. of the. stake. Penalties,- Wuvnr .of any hsntUc*p(notaflst race)Tiluo 103 *-t*.; ifter declaration of weighu, 7 lb. eitn ; two or in.iro *wh races, 10 lh. ; or any stake, value 2-W gjvi ,. U In. About tlireo miles. : ? Mr. T. -Wilson's b.g. Reform (Ute Spectrum), by Panic ajjed, 9 st. 10 lb. (Corriffin) . . 1 Mr. K. Week's bk.in. Lucy, aged, 11 st. 2 lit. ^ (Mclror) ? 2 ?Mr. George Tantram's an. Erinflato Au«uor:« n), .iRed, lost. 41b. (Wall). * M/rtTT* ya-ktr'8b-S- HoUJpur,8yr3.orag-o.l, I) *t. (Harden). Mr. H. Tothill's eg. Rory O'More.-aged, 9 st. U lb. (Keating). ^ Mr. T. Walkers e.g. Red Lancer, ased, 9it. 10 lb. (Riirke). Mr. A. H. Peslcr's b.g. Stag, 4 yrs., 10 st « I'J. (including 10 lb. extra) (Batty). Mr. ,T. II. Gibb'sbr.g. luldnre, aged, 9 A. 8 1!) (Mason). Messrs. Robertson Brothers' ro.*». Jack of HotvrU (late Trump), aged, 0 st. 2 lb. (Gill). , , . Mr. S. Ferry's R.g. Bound-to, aged, 9 st. ' (Rtesett). Betting— 2 to 1 ajst. Ftag, 3 to 1 Baforia, 1) fa 1 Erin, Lucy, and Rory O'More. When the flag fell Reform was taken to the fnnt, and ho led from Stag to the flist fence, whioU ho smashed, though without coming to grief, butSUg fell all of a heap. The rest got over safely with the ex:cptionof Hotspur, and Refonnjumped these*™ 1 ol the quadruplo with a good load of Kil.lire, who was followed by Bound-to, Rory O'Moro, Krin, Lucy, and .Tack of Hearts. At the third jump KilsUrefeU and Red Lancer stopped. Going out of t'ic p i Mock Rcfonu was twenty lengtlia in front uf Jlorj O'More, and then canio Bound-to ami Erin -opcther, while opposite the Stand the ls*ler h&d; increased his advantage, and tho only other horses left in the race woro Bury O'Murtj. Bound-to, Erin, Lucy, and Red Lancer, who wtre mnning in tho order named and well stretcho-l o it. At the south-east corner Bound-to stopped, and Erin went on third, while Lancer passed Lu :y, but at this time Reform must have been leading fully a hundred yards, and on the hill o:u~ oi his most dangeroui opponents retired, as Erin cannoned against Kory O'More in taking o!f, and brought him down. Hound-to stopped aguin before the quadruplo was reichei, and as they jumped the fences in front of the Stand Reform had a very long lead of Krin, Lucy, and Red Lancer, while Kildare and Ilntipur were following some three hundred yards behind. Going on to the course proper Reform continued to maintain his advantage, and with only Erin and Lucy within cooey of him neither appeared to reahzo the necessity of going any faster until the south- cast corner was reached. Then Lucy began to go along, and directly she got alongside Kria lite big chesnut came down a purler, and the llttlti mire jumping grandly l-egan to overhaul Reform. Tho latter got over tho last fence safely, and won enily by «ix lengths. Kildare was the only other horse that passed the post. Time, 7 min. i sec. TRAMWAY HANDICAP. I A handicap sweepstakes of 1 sovs. oach, with GO sovs. added. Winner of City Handicap 7 lb. extra: One mile and three furlongs. I Mr. W. Pile's c.h. Fir.it Water. l-v Firoworks— ; Tho Gem, Syrs.,8st. 01b. (Wyman) .... 1 Mr. R. Love's b.c Topaz, 3 jrw., 7 at 9 lb. ? (Uutchins) ? .. .. .. .. ,... 2 Mr. W. E. Di.kin's c.h. Baron von Mueller, 4 yrs.,' ? 8 st. 0 lb. (M. O'Brien) ..?..'?.. .. & Mr. E. Weekes's b.h. Pollio, 5 yw.,8st.lO lb. ! (Evans). - ! Mr. P. Brennan's b.h. Creswick, 5 yrs., 8 st. 7 lb. j (Yeomans). , ?-.:; ? ? ? i Mr. II. Fisher's b.g. Hundy Andy, 6 yrs., 7 st. 12 j lb. (Williamson). ? ,--;. ... . ; Mr. H. Tothill's*. b.g. Brigand, aged, 7 st \ (O'Brien). * .- -, , ; [.'.,. ?.-. -,. ,:j ! Mr. E. K. Jones's br.h. Albyn, 0 yrs., 0 st. 13 lb. ! (Cracknell). . ?? ' ':'?'' \ Mr. C. L. McDonald's b.c. Tho Israelite,1 3 yra.,- i (i st. 12 lb. (Moore). f- . ... \ ? , ? Mr. G. n. Read's b.g. Rifleman, 5 yrs'.,P6 si. 5 lb.- ; (Raymer). . ? u. ?-??'- i i- ? ? -.' -I-w j Jlr. P. McXamara's blk.c. The Dutchman, 3 y*vj.,; j C st. 5 lb. (Campbell). ' : ? . ., ! Mr. W. A. Filgate's bfcg. John the Devil,'4 yrj., I Cst. (Quinn). ??' ? j Mr. G. if. Read's b.m. Lady Carrington, 5'jta.J I Gst. (Boase). ' '/ ', I Betting— 3 to 1 agst. Crcswick, 100 toSrf ajst.First Water and Baron von Mueller, i to 1 agst. IUnly Andy, 100 to 15 agst. Topaz, 8 to 1 agjt. The Israelite. * ? ' ', After a little delay the flag dropped to'a spicn li I start, and Lady Carrington, The Israelite., anl Handy Andy next the rails settlod down with the lead to the mileand-aquarter post, whera John the Devil headed them and led from Israelite, with The Dutchman third just clear of Haudy Anly, T.tpu, C'reswiclc, and Tho Baron, in the order n-uneil, the last two being Pollio and Rifleman. The onUi.ler continued to force the pace as they ran put the south- eastern corner, and here The Isnolite vrii still in attendance, with Handy Andy,'T.nm, this Baron, Dutchman, Crcswick, and First Wator, in tho order named, the last two being Albyn and RiHoman. John tho Davil was spun-oat opposite the Turf, and The Israelite task his place just in front of Topaz anl Ilauly Andy, whilo the Baron was fifth, and only a bnsjth n front of Creswick and First Water. Tho Lsraelite had quite three lengths to tho good as they racod alone the back stretch, but the field were beginning to thin out at the half-mile post, and Topa*. wa3 rapidly closing on the leader, while First Watei and the Baron had disposed of Creswick and Handy Andy. Going into the straight, Topaz disoosed of The Israelite ; and as they came out of tha (lip first Water on the outside, and the Baron next the rail', were rapidly making to the front. The B.iron linn i on for an opening in the rails until \\\\\i chancj w.13 gone ; but First Water closed with Topaz at the distance, and after a rattling set-to he won by a good head. The Baron was barely a length away third, and fun- lengths from him came Croswict with The Israelite, Handy Aiuly, Pollio, anil Brig ma in the order named, Avith John tho Devil laiti Time, 2 min. 20 sec. ' CONSOLATION STAKES. .1 A handicap of « sova., added to a sweep at \ -iyi\ One mile ? -.''' . Mr. W. Blackler's cf. Annie Firmin, by Country- ' I man — Instep, 3 yrs., 7 st. 2 lb. (Hutching) ..1 Mr. W. Branch's b.c. Mistaken, 2 yrs, 7- st. j (Moore) ? ?.. 2 Mr. C. L. McDonald's b.c. The Israelite, 3 yes., 7 i st. 4 lb. (Barr) ? .. ..'..; 3 Mr. E. Weekes's b.h. Pollio, 5 yrs., 8st. 121b.- i (Evans). i : ? ! Messrs. Robertson Brothers' b.f. Lancaster, 3 : i yrs., Cst. 101b. (Cracknell). .... . ,,{ Mr. J. H. Hill's cf. Toonketchen, 2 yrs., 6 st. 9 lb. (Boase). ? : ' Mr. W. Gordon's b.f. Sweetlips, 2 yrs., 6 st. 7 lb. ? (Ettridge). Mr. D. O'Dea's b.c. Souvenir, 3 yrs., 6 st 7 lb. (Quin). . Betting— 5 to 4 agst. Mistaken, 2 to 1 Pollio, and 3 to 1 Annie Firmin. Mr. BradsliAw effected anothergood start. Toon ketchen and Mistaken were tho first to show in front, but they were immediately passed by Annie Firmin, who led round the corner and past the turf, with Toonketchen, Lancaster, and Mistaken at her heels, the last three being Israelite, Pollio, and Souvenir. Coming past tho half-mile post the order was ranch ths same, but in tho straight Toon ketchen and Lancaster retired, while Mistaken, followed by Israelite and Pollio, went after Annie Firmin, but they could never ask her to gallop, and she passed the post a ridiculously easy winner by thrpo lengths. PolHo was a good fourth. Time, 1 min. 44 i sec. 