1TEAIS OF NEWS. Tnu number of doctors on tlie roll for Uio Murrumbidgco district for 1S32»S3 is : In the police district of Wagea Wagjja 32S9, of Hoy 1070,. and of Hillstoa 471; total,: 4S30. A COURSING match took place on the race- , course on Thursday last between Mr. Thoinas Hart's black slut Watch and Mr. C. Bride* son's black dog Darkie for £10 aside. Mr. Hawkes officiated as judge, and the slips wero entrusted to Mr. Piunkctt, who suc ceeded in getting the dogs off evenly. The tiure swerved round, considerably favouring Darkie, who made the best of his advantage by cutting in, the slut runuing on the out side of the circlc. Darkie succeeded in gaining first turn, and held his advautage for the next. The slut then came in and scored the next, and keeping possession, pressed the, lmro ulosely tiU she killed it. The judge's verdict was four poiuts for Darkie and three for Watch. TiiE 18th annual meeting of the Murrain bi'lgce Pastoral Association took place on Thursday evening, at the Pastoral Hotel. Present:-M. J. Letteh, president, occupied tlie ' chair '; T. H. Hammond, viee-presi dent; R. Cox, K. Ingram,.A. Robertson, G. P. Wilson, and S. Mincbin. The minutes of the last meeting were read aud confirmed, arid the officers for tlie new year appointed. The .Secretary read the annual report and ['balance-sheet, which were adopted and Ordered. to be printed and circulated. On tlie motion of Mr. A. Robertson, Mr. E. Ingram was appointed vice-president for the year, iii.the room of Mr. T. H. Mate, who was re-elected to tlie committee. It was resolved, on motion, that the Press be ad mitted to all meetings of the association. In compliance with a request made by Mr. D. H. Campbell, of Cunninghame, liis sub scription of eight guineas for special entries to the show of 1831, were ordered to be refuuded to him. In consequence of the donors of special prizes not having directed the appropriation of their several contri butions, the Programme Committee were unable to complete their work. It was decided that the gentlemen referred to should be communicated with for instruc tions on the subject, and when answers arc received the programme be completed, printed, and distributed. Iu tlie meantime the Programme Committee were duly ap pointed to complete their work when answers will be received. The Secretary resigned his situation as secretary, which WAS received with much expressed regret; Mr. Tompsoivs term of ottice expires ou the 24th of -May. The meeting then adjourned. ROBEUT Darlow was brought up for sen* touce on Thursday morning before his Honor Judge Windeyer. The prisoner euid he had beeu led into tbe society of hardened crimi nals and bad company. He was sentanced to live years 011 the roads. A COMPLEMENTARY dinner will be given to hie Honor Judjzo Windeyer ou Tuesday cveuing next by the magistracy of this town and district. DDRIN*G the sitting of the Circuit Court 011 Thursday, his Honor more than once called attention to the unseemly behaviour of several larrikins in the court, who laughed, at the proceedings. He E mtioned them that if they were brought before him lie would punish them severely, and further said he could not believe it was anv resneetable resident of Wngga Wagga who would be guilty of such an oil'cnce against public decency, lie thought thafe if it was only for the dignity of holding up the credit of the community of the district they would refrain from laughing when a man was upon his trial for his life. JOHN* Plummer, late schoolmaster at Ycrong Creek, was found guilty of the crime of which he stood charged, and was sentenced to death yesterday. His Honor did not hold out the slightest hope of mercy. The cvidenco in the ease was of the most revolting description. The worst part of it: was the number of small childreu who were brought up as witnesses being compelled to give evidence. The scene was heartrending, and we hope never to witness a similar ex hibition. Tin: Rev. J. Monfhan, Wesleyan clergy man, who is leaving this district, was last night the recipient of a purse of sovereigns raised by the people of Onra. Mr. Monahan well deserves it, as in season and out of Beason ho lias fulfilled his Master's teaching ami preached to many Christ*crueified. NEXT week being Holy Week it is the in tention of Archdeacon Pownall to hold a service each evening in St. John's Church. WE are given to understand that the Rev. J. Monahan, of the Wesleyan Church, will preach his farewell sermons to-morrow. Mr. Monahan is one of the few whom this town cannot afford to lose, but iw necessity knows no law, according to the regulations of his church he must go. We trubt that in his successor wc shall find an equally able man and one who will have in as high a degree the welfare of the townspeople at heart. APPLICATIONS for tenders ior municipal works will be found in our advertising columns. ^TJTE musical treat which awaits the resi dents of this town on Monday evening is of a more exquisite and chaste character than is seldom afforded a country audience. Miss Kate .Thayer's entertainment has long been looked for, and the programme which is published in to-day's issue should please the most fastidious. It is unnecessary for us to dilate upon the many qualities of those who form the company, suffice it to say the public appreciation of this company will bu found in the attendance. The box office is at Mr. W. 13. Morison's. IT was our intention to refer at some length to a paragraph which appeared in our last Usue. In that; paragraph it was stated that Mr. Quinu, of Wentworth, had in formed his constituents that the Government intended to introduce a railway extension policy during the nf-xt secuiou of Parliament. Notwithstanding the fact that the present Progress Committee was constituted of mem bers holding the representatives of the press in antagonism, still wc, as ono of that press, must tell the Progress Committee of what is going on around them. If the Government be incliued to extend their railway system, why should not the repre sentatives of Wagga Wagga secure to thorn that*? J"T! U'e ,.G,n;er""Je"t an assertion thnt the railway line between ffatcn Waeiza and Tuinbaruiuba shall at onoo be con atracted? We leave it to the committee itself to deal with this matter. '' 'A meeting of the creditors of John '.Van-on produce merchant, Klinder^sVreet m"r Geo long,, was held in Melbourne :on iTucsdoy morning. The balance-shcct showed thototil ^'oos'f t0.h« £33.533, ineluding adeficiency £~,088. A lengthy .discussion ensued; stir prise being expressed at tho extent of the do-; I,T.1?' " Com'niUuu appointed to tratfon 0 tt'e nnti cnrry ""tils'seques i /n, rt-'fiirtiiico to the incendiarism at Will shires house, Wallaroo, tho flro was lit over |niM#nlty.jo m-Co prewnt Itio possibility of ohtaining_ water if discovered, and at. least HO gallons of kerosena were, used on heaps of-In J'- ,nf [<"? " All, the ceilings were ..broken^ t|jrpugj.j,to:«jlojrjtho firo to got to tho ; '®LTrcmi,es wero 'n»ured, but not. to their full, value, and were not occupied for some time. . ' w.rit.{01'tlle option of a member for GoDlong in the room of tho lata Mr. Kernot will lie issued 011 Saturday. There are at present, 110 fewer than 10 candidates, inciud SnTr "VCS'i Ooi",or' nn<1 An'fe«-s s !'.? fo"nerIy represented lhlhv.it, 13 mentioned. At a meeting of the eondidftP A?T*!, eagl,e' to 6c,oct a Libor.al ss&asr;*"* AT the Ford Inquiry Board Mr. Ford re plied to tho clmrgo that lie ordered Govern ment. officers.! 0 do private work in Govern-; ment time. His defence was that somojof rl^t ""a f.or 1110 P«hlic benefit, and What-: ,c,\er ol her noik was done for hira bysubordi. ' nntos in Government time was done .without'! Ilia knowledko. -.The second -charge-thatMri l ord caused annoyance to officers and: mi-i nepessaiy expense to tlie Department' by! .rapnciously shifting surveyors from one place to another- was then entered upon.' some of tho officers testifying that Mr. Foi- ti v'as intolerably dictatorial and uncivil. I MESSRS. Mort and Co. report as follows of tl eir gram market, held on Thursday last Xhere was a large attendance of millers, and our catalogue was cleared at advanced rates,' Jieslt samples of wheat realised from <3a. 2Ad +A^"d' ne?i!bU?hc! ; inferior V^cda",'^. 34d. to 0*. Pollard sold nt la. 9d., ami bran: from Is. Qid. io Is. 7d. por.bu6heK : j A CASE of some interest to'"people cftrrviiW !i"eS8 *n ;to\vnfilnp3 came' under tho notice of the bench at tho, Alburv Court of fteq lt. ' A'carrier named Ptiddo !l""E I?" ,he ^ ictorian side of tha river, have a bill of.sale oyer a team of Bullocks lind » waggon to man named Ropor. Soon aftor Puddephat crossed, into New South Wale« taking the waggon ,and. team with him. As tbo ostensible owner of the property, he wae: allowed to run up a bill with'a.firm of wheel® wnghts and blacksmiths for the repair of the j "ot 1,10 debt, and was ldm In ' '.A JT""' tbe'"S e'ren "Sainat In satisfaction of the judgment the waggon was seized m execution by tho bailiff 1"»? ?° p°,r tl,cn ""'efpleaded and sought to prevent ,ho sale in virtue of his ,- '.""'.t. lioirerer, dismissed the application, and the property will thus bo sold for the benefit of the execution of the cre ditors. Victorian hills of sale, to have anv force against judgments of the Albury Court th^uerteg",#- tho '*»t-Wgi«r«r of THEiceremony 'of laying Uio headstone, celebrating the completion of the stonework of bt. Saviours new cathedral, Ooiilburn commenced on the 15th January, 1874 "Q« perforiiied'on: .Wednesday:(3nys (/10 //er'a/((\ in I lie presence of a large congregation, uho at 10 a.m.- asseinhled ot the pro-cathedral where aehortencd form of service appropriate to the occasion was used. The Bishop, the Venerable Archdeacon Puddicombo, Canon fhoEav T r°T'V i M' D'Arci' Irr'n", and UloKev. J. Ij. iavlor were present; and in Hio body of tho church, tho Hcv.'D P AI Uulbert and Rev. H. Dunlop. The Rev' Canon Soares read prayers, the Bishop the | iJubjlulo, the choir obanled the J22nd and the Ecv. G. M. D'Arcy Irvine S special lesson (Zachariah iv. 1-10). At tho conclusion of tho service lhe non"rc>aiion followed, by tho Bishop and" clerov' then by tho school children went to tho now building, where a platform Bns erected on which tho Bishop and clever the Chancellor (tho Hon. C. Campbell), and'Mr Jopltn, treasurer of tho buildinc fund took I heir seals, and afterwards, by invitatioil from Ins Lordship, Mr. John Davidson. Mr Hoi borow Dr. Sly. Mr. Kossi, tne Mayor, and Mr. Blackct. The 145th liynn was sunRand appropriate prayers were ofFered up, after which tho cross forming tli0 last stone was ' lowered into position, the Bishop declarini! it I so placed in the faith of Jesus Christ and to t he glory oE the Holy, Etern.il, and Undivided ?Trinity, the Father, tho Son, and tho Holv Ghost. Tho To ieuni_ was sung hy tho choir, una prayer being offered up tho Bishop and clergy divested themselves of their robes, uml a public meeting was held. Tho Bishop briefly introduced tho subject of tho meet ing, and called upon Lhe treasurer, Mr. Joplin, who mado a report of the financial condition of tho building fund. £1J.,800 had been received from all sources, and .£15,530 expended. This, with. £700, re presented tlio entire cost of the building so far as it is now completed, and they would see left a debt of about £1400 ; but .against this he had some promissory notes and the Bishop had some promises; BO that they might consider they had paid for those lofty walls, those majestic pillars, and those arches so beautiful in their proportions, which ho hoped would remain for centuries as a stand ing monument of their loyalty to the Church of England. The committee had become responsible for a cash credit of £5000. He thought about £10,000 would complete the entire work, including the cost of the tower, Tho Bishop of Goulburn, Dr. Thomas, then delivered an address, and a collection was made, the amount of which his Lordship subsequently announced was £320 Ms. lid. MUCH excitement was created in Wilson's Circus, Melbourne, on Tuesday evening by an attempt of the lion " Prince, which bit a man's hand off at Albury, to injure Djerling, his keeper. When Djcrling entered the cage " Prince " suddenly roared, and made a desperate stroke with his paw at Djerling, winch just caught his car, causing blood to iiow. The other lions manifested an inclina tion to attack the keeper, and roared furi ously. Djerling immediately withdrew, much to the reiief of the spectators. A PEUTH (Western Australia) telegram say's :-The latest advices state that the hurri cane at Roebourno was at its height at about midnight on the Otli March. The storm com menced from tho S.E., shifted suddenly to the N.E., and then again to tho N.W. There i-j scarcely a houeo in Cossack or llochourno but what has been wrecked or seriously dunmged. Tho storm was the eeveroat o?er, experienced there. THE Bathurst Times reports a sporting caao heard at the Hurl ley District Court on Tues day, before His Honor Judge Wilkinson. The plaintiff was Mr. Joseph Yeonmns, and the defendants Hie stewards of the Lithgow Jockey Club. Tho notion was brought to recover the sum of £21, being the amount of sweepstakes in races won by the hor«>e Part-tier at tho ineeiini* of t he club held at Lilhgow on the -Gth and 2/ih days of December lust, viz.. the Town Plate, the Lhhgow Jockey Club Handicap, and tho Prince of Wales' Stakes. The conditions of these oven's will be gathered Irom the following ;-" The Town Plate of *10 sjvs., for all horses to bo handi capped, including a sweep of 2 sovs. each; second horse to receive £6 from the prize ; distance 1A mile. Entranco 7£ per cent, on amount of prize. A. J. C. rulc3 adhered to where practicable.1' The club retained the sweepstakes, amounting lo the sum claimed, I besides charging the 7i percent, on the ad vertised prize. Tho issue turned the meaning to bo attached to the word u including," the plaintiff's attorney submitting that the sweeps were added to the stake in each case. With out hearing the evidence tho Judgo decided in favour of tlie plaintiff, any ambiguity whieh might attach to the term "including" being got rid of by tho A.J.C. rules, which stated that- no deduction shall he made from the winner of any stake except his own entraocc fee and sweep. Notice of appeal was given. A sale of raeehorse3 and thoroughbred stock was'heldon Wednesday, at Melbourne, by Messrs. Campbell, Pratt, and Co., at Kirks Bazaar. Santa Claus was purchased by Mr. A. Selinan for 000 guineas, and Bobbie Burncs was disposed of for MOj guineas. TUB body of Mrs. Packer, wife of Mr. George Packer, licensee of Packer's Hotel, at the corner of Market and Pitt, streets, was found floating near tho cliffs at South Head on Thursday morning. It seems that Mrs. Pucker had for the past three weeks bc-en suffering from melancholia; Sho was under the care of Dr. Pickburn, and was Inst aeon by that gentleman on Monday. Mr. Packer had a conversation with his wife on Wednesday afternoon about the state of her hculth,. when ho tried to persuade her not to give way to thb symptoms of despondency which she had. been exhibiting. Shortly afterwards, and while Mr. Packcr was taking some rest, Mrs. Packcr seemed to have left the house, very- suddenly, hailed a cab, and proceeded i to South Head. Seemingly she did not communicate her intention to anyone at oil. .When Mr. Pucker awoke and learned that Mrs. Packcr 'had left the house, he pro ceeded to the residences of such friends as they were in the habit of visiting, expecting to find his wife at one of them. As he did not succeed, he became rather anxious. He at last thought of communicating by telegraph with Mr. James, the licensee of the Signal Hotel, South Head, and finding that his wife was staying there took no other action, as he felt confident that she would be well cared for. Mrs. Packer, who had been invited to go there for a change, stayed at the hotel during the night; but left about 8 o'clock 011 Thursday morning, and either threwherself or fell over the cliffs into the sea. Her body was recovered, some time afterwards, by Mr. M'Gregor, shipping cleric to Mr. Thomas Playfair, butcher, and Constable White. The body was placed in a boat, towed up to the city by the steamer Victor, and subse quently removed to Packers Hotel. THE board* appointed to inquire into the chorees against Sergeant Steele, of recklessly firing upon innocent persons on the occasion of the encounter between the police and the Keliys at GHenrowan, bovo exonerated that, officer and complimented him on his con duct. t An examination into charges made against certain officials connected with the Sydney Hospital in[ the Bulletin, the most serious of which was to the effect that a man named David Fielding, who had been a nurse in the Quarantine Hospital, - was. on the 26th of last month, while suffering from the . effects of drinking thrust violently into a cell (where he died) by a wardsman named Atkins, aud a ,yavcUman named White, was commenced in the board-room on Monday evening, Drs. Cox (chairmau), Mackellarand Morgan suul Messrs Murray and Senior being present. Mr. Russell, the secretary took notes of the evidence, and the witnesses were warned that they were concerncd in a serious matter. The bulletin, it appeared, after smug publication to a paragraph and making some comments, had referred the hospital authorities to Messrs. Thatcher and Hewitt as their informants, and these gentlemeu at, the request of the board at tended. It seems that on the 20th February of this year, Hewitt, the pedestrian, was suffering from debility and over excitement, and appealed to Mr. Thatcher, who took him to X)r. Cox, and that gentleman recom mended him to go into the hospital, where ho himself took him. On the 27th Hewitt left the institution declar ing it io; be a 11 horrible place," and he made statements to Mr. Thatcher, which induced him to apjply to the Uu'letin to expose the state of affairs and take steps to find a man named Spain, who had been a witness to the alleged cruelty to the deceased Fielding. Spain was discovered at New castle, and appealed to for a verification of his allegations, and sent a letter to the fol lowing effect:-"The night before I saw Fielding lie was very bad. The next morn ing (23th), at the request of Miss Julia, the head nurse, I sat with him. He wanted to get a suit of clothes, and I told him the shops were shut. He asked me to get him drink, and wanted to "o out to got it. Awarder came up and said : which is the one I am to take down ! 1 pointed to deceased, but he would not go. The warder then put his arm in his, but could not get him to go. I said : Didn't you say you was going to shout! The warder said : Come on, I will give you all the drink you want. I walked out, and deceased followed me till we got to a cell. When we came to it deceased said : We can't get drink here. The warder said; Oh, yes, we can, the boss will be here directly! I walked one stop inside the cell, and deceased csme to the door, when the warder caught him by the middle, and then threw him on the bed. using strong language. Auother warder came, and they told deceased what they wouldn't do to him if he didn't keep quiet. They then came out of the ward, and locked the door, and told me I could go back." Spain's statement was more fully taken by a reporter of the New castle Morning Heral<L It is substantially the same, but describes the violence used to deceased more fully. On the motion of Dr. Mackellar the wardsman Atkin was brought in to hear the evidence. Sinclair the yards man was not present, as it was not known who the second man was. The head nurse, Miss Julia, was also present at the request of the committee. Hewitt's evidence, which was merely hearsay, was taken. Apart from the alleged violeuce to Fielding, he com plained of inattention and noisy play on the part of the under nurses. Great surprise was expressed by a member of committee that a man in Fielding's state should have sat at the tablo with other patients, within the reach of knives at the time when it was deemed necessary to confine him in a cell. The official reports gives the cause of Field* iug's death as acute heart disease, and the explanation of Atkins, is of course, yet to conic. Meanwhile more evidence will be taken, and that adduced stands only as the (as yet) unrebutted testimony of a discharged patient. Spain is to be brought to Sydney for examination. It is to be regretted that considering the serious nature of the charges no more lay members of the committee were uot present last eveuing. FBOM a Wontworth contemporary's report of a rcccnb Municipal Council meoting held at that place, we learn that a letter was ro» ccired from Mr. Quin, M.P., informing the council he had applied with respect to tho extension of tho ruilway from Hoy to Went* worth, and had been informed by tho Minis* tcr (he mutter had not been decided upon, as there was strong evidence in favour of its being carried via Pooncaira or eoine other point, a feeling existing that by being taken to Wontworth tho trade would not bo at* tracted to SVOney thereby, but that it would rather stiuiulato ihetrado'o Adelaide. The writer had pointed out if Victoria extended her system, Wontworth would be a good junction; but the Minister merely shook hi* head, lie hud been informed there would be a large extension of railways introduced in a bill next session, when ho (Mr. Quin) would look after tho interests of Wontworth. .TUADE aiAKK, WALTHAM, MASS.-The AVBKICAX WATCH CouiMKr, of Wultham, Massachusetts, U.S.A., hereby give notice thut their Trade Mark, " Waltham, Mass.," is now registered in tho Australian Colonies of Victoria, New South Wales, and Now Zealand. Proceedings will bo taken against any person copying or imitating aame, or any vendors selling or offering for sulo watches bearing colourable imitations or in any way infringing our rights.- American Watch Company, Waltlmm, Moss, 