? In ifflemoftam* EEV. DR. PUSEY. WHEN the telegraphic news of 18th ult. informed us that on the previous day (Sunday 17th) Dr. Edward Bouverie Pusey, Professor of Hebrew and Canon of Christ Church, Oxford, had departed to his rest, we take it for granted that Churchmen of every school were ready to confess that ' a prince and a great man' had 'fallen in Israel.' Dr. Pusey was one of the few who live long enough to outlive their unpopularity. Some forty years ago there was. no clergyman of the Church of England — except perhaps one — who was regarded with such mingled feelings of fear and dislike by the bulk of his co-religionists. His very name had been turned into an epithet of reproach. , To be a ' Puseyite' was to belong to a following whose supposed purpose was to turn the Church upside down, and to work such a revolution in her doctrine and discipline as would undo the Keformation settlement, and land her once more in the darkness of mediseval superstition. Now, no doubt, after the lapse of nearly half a century, he will be carried to his burial by many of the most earnest and devout of her sons. Those who have honestly earned the right to represent her theology and to speak in her name will ' make great lamentation over him.' We suppose that in 1843, when the authorities of the University of Oxford thought it their duty to condemn the doctrine of his famous sermon — ' The Holy Eucharist, a Oomfort for the Penitent' — and to suspend the preacher, nothing seemed more unlikely than that the same doctrine would in a few years obtain wide acceptance among both clergy and laity, and be pronounced by the highest Court of Appeal in ecclesiastical causes to be within the limits of the doctrine that may lawfully be held by Churchmen. Yet so it has 'turned out. Dr. Pusey himself has more than once — in 1853 and 1871 — maintained it, without the least abatement, in the University pulpit, and the decision of the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council in the case of Sheppard v. Bennett has finally settled the question of its legality. Of Dr. Pusey's services to the Church of England it is impossible, in a brief notice such as this, to speak adequately. From him, be it. remembered, as the permanent centre of the ' Oxford movement,' which began in 1833, has come the upward tendency which has quickened t'so wonderfully the spiritual life of the Church, giving deflniteness to her teaching, fervency to her faith, earnestness to her devotion, and zeal to her activity. No man, moreover, has done more to keep discontented members of the Church within her pale, and to make them satisfied with, and thankful for the blessings which she offers. As a theologian, the mere list of his works given in the catalogue of his publishers (James Parker and Co.) will give some idea as to the extent of his labours. Their value, we admit, is a matter of opinion, and will be appraised differently by different schools of religious thought. All will allow, however, that he has toiled earnestly for fifty years in advancing the interests of what he himself believed to be the truth as it is in Jesus, and that he spared neither study nor pains to defend the Faith against gainsay ers. In addition to his larger works, such as Daniel the Prophet, The Minor Prophets, The Doctrine of Holy Baptism and of the Meal Presence, The Royal Supremacy, The Councils of the Church, An Eirenicon, Sec, he has published no less than seven volumes of University, Parochial, and Special Sermons, with some dozens move of single sermons preached before the University and to young men, and many volumes of devotional works of a highly spiritual character. His connection with The Library of the Fathers is also well known. In short, it is not too much to say that his long life has been a life of unremitting labour pro Eoelesia Dei, and that in estimating his place among the worthies of the Church of England it is but bare justice to remember that he was no mere theological partisan, but that all his writings, more especially his sermons and devotional writings, are manifestly the outcome of a mind and heart filled with the love of God and the most earnest longing for the salvation of souls. Of his personal character we know only by report. We have heard much in times past of his deep though somewhat ascetic piety, and of the wonderful influence he exercised over those who sought at his hand spiritual counsel and advice. His self-denial and liberal almsgiving are matters of common fame. That in his own person he was an example of that higher saintliness in character and life which he so often dwelt upon in his public discourses we have reason to believe ; and this we know from his writings — that to few servants of God in these easy-going days has it ever been given to realise more fully the sinfulness of sin, the profounder depths of repentance towards God, and the peace of soul which flows to faith from the love of Jesus and the consolations of the Holy Ghost. It ihas sometimes been said that it is the severer side of Christ's religion with which Dr. Pusey chiefly deals ; but it is well, we think, that among the prophets of the Church in every age there should be those on whose spirits the solemn words of the Master have made lasting impress — ' If any man will come after Me, let him deny himself, and take up his cross, and follow Me.' At the same time, we know no modern preacher who speaks more fully or more rejoicingly of the Christian's life in Christ, of His love for penitents, of the virtue of His cross, and the bliss of heaven ; or who urges more emphatically that all faith is the gift of God, and that the Christian's high privilege is to 'Do all in the name of the Lord Jesus.' Considered as the foremost surviving leader of the old 'Tractarian' school, and the spiritual father of its successors in the present, there can be no doubt that Dr. Pusey has left an indelible mark on the history of the Anglican Communion. It was almost amusing to read the other day in the 'leading journal' of Melbourne that ' Dr. Pusey will always be remembered as a distinguished member of a remarkable body of men who, had their strength and patience been equal to their brilliance and enthusiasm, would prob ably have accomplished a great work, instead of witnessing the wreck of their plans for the reformation of the Church.' The ' wreck' of which the writer speaks most men would call a prodigious success. Any one who knows what the Church was, and what its worship was forty years ago, and knows what it is now, will confess that the ideal which the ' Tractarians' endeavoured to setup amid much blasphemy and riot and rebuke, now prevails in the majority of English and a considerable number of Colonial churches. The principles which they maintained — the spiritual independence of the Church as the Body of Christ, and the supernatural grace and efficacy of its Sacra mental ordinances— are either accepted unreservedly, or with trifling qualifications, by vast numbers of both clergy and laity. It is not too much to say that Tractarianism has ' levelled up' the entire Church, and that observances which forty years ago howling mobs endea voured to crush out by violence, are now peacefully practised on all sides, none daring to make their neighbour afraid. So far, then, as Dr. Pusey was a leader in this movement, and so far as .the movement itself is a movement to thank God for, we may regard his influence as a thing unique in the later history of Christen dom. 'But Dr. Pusey,' it may be said, 'was not a Eitualist, and Eitualism is the legitimate offspring of Tractarianism. In this particular, at any rate, did he not live to see himself passed by others who were borne on the stream he had himself set in motion ?' Is is quite true that Dr. Pusey never entered actively into the Eitualist advance, nor, we believe, was he personally interested in its progress. But Eitualism, after all, is nothing more than an extreme and perhaps passing development of a single phase of the old Tractarianism, a somewhat rank outgrowth from the spirit of decency and order which was one of its characteristics in an nge of lawlessness and irreverence. If Dr. Pusey had little sympathy with Eitualism, he certainly never repudiated the Eitualists, nor they him, and to the very last he exercised an influence upon the counsels of the English Church Union which showed the high respect in which his piety, fidelity, and experience were held by its members. But Dr. Pusey, though at the head of a party, was not a man of party spirit. More than once he made overtures to the Evangelical section of the Church to unite with him in the defence of divine truth ; and within the limits of his own Communion, and outside it, he was ever ready to testify his love to all who loved the Lord Jesus in sincerity. Now that his warfare is accomplished, we are sure that all good men will mourn his loss, while they rejoice that he has been removed, at a ripe old age, by the Lord to whose service his life was devoted, far beyond the conflict of schools and the strife of tongues. He has left behind him the fragrant memory of a godly and self-denying life, adorned by the graces of humility, meekness, and charity ; and we can desire nothing better for ourselves, and for those from whom he differed on questions of theology and Church order, that their souls and ours may be 'bound up' with his in the 'bundle of life' at the appearing and kingdom of our Lord Jesus Christ. S. P. G. The United Evangelical Church of Germany has this peculiar feature — it is creedless. No member knows what to believe, and nobody cares. One pastor declares all Scripture inspired, another shows how it is a collection of the literature of a people, embodying its dramas, romances, poetry, and history. One professes belief in miracles, another explains the cures wrought by Christ by mesmerism, and the miracles as optical delusions. The Church reposes on no fundamental truths, but is built like the Pfahlbauten over a pond, from which every man may fish up what he likes, and into which he may pitch down what he disdains. — Baring- Gould's Germany Past and Present. 