SUNDAY READING. 'Heaven Opened,' QUE STUDY. By Eby. W. P. Mackay, M.A. THE gates havo closed that guard the/way to tho iTee of life. The flaming sword turns every way, so that no flesh can approach and live. Man has sinned.. God is righteous. Woll might angola weep as they behold such a sight. Heaven is shut. God dwells in .his secret place. Thunders and lightnings are round about Him. ' Clouds of thickest darkness hide Him from man. The blood of Abel's lamb, the rejection of Cain's first-fruits, attest the fact. Heaven is shut. The blood-sprinkled door-posts,' the thousands of altars, the myriads of bleeding victims, the smoke ever ascending from the fires of judgment, the unceasing priestly work, all proclaim that heaven's doors aro shut. But promise shone through the dark cloud of judgment, ond the glory of Ono coming to deliver was revealed; and while the captive! Israelite.sat in his desolation beside the river ! ofClicbar, ho wrote,4 The heavens were opened, ! and I saw. visions of God.' (13zek. i. 1.). Thus : we see heaven opened concerning, I.—Ciibist in PaornBCT. And it is God who opens it, it is God who shows tho visions. The visions were about the glory of God and His relation to Israel: the cloud, the chariot of His glory then departing as with wings and wheels from His dwelling on earth. His anciont people are seen scattered and broken, but the heavens do.not close (in vision) until again the glory of God fills; the | temple, and the whole earth besides is filled i with His glory, and heaven and earth - are ! finally unitod under the rightoous sway of the ! Prince of Peace, tho coming Deliverer. May 1 He hasten that glorious day! '1 II.—Christ in Obediencb. : ' But turn now to another scene,—Matt. iii. 16\. In Jordan's waters stands a spotless, pcr-r feet Man, in the place where the godly Jews confessed sin. in tho baptism of repentance.' Grace tnot sin) lias brought Him hither, that He might fulfil all righteousness; and when He came as the perfect servant, the obedient man,' Lo, the heavens were opened unto Him, and lie saw the Spirit of God descending like a dove, and lighting upon Him; and lo, a voice from heaven, saying, ' This is Mr beloved Son, in whoin I am well pleased.' This is heaven opening on Christ in obedience. The Lord Jesus Christ was the only per fectly obedient man that earth has seen. Never | had earth beheld such a sight, the glorious sun had never before risen on such a day. God is looking down from an opened heaven upon I a Man, and on that Man His eye can rest with I perfect satisfaction, perfect complacency. God | declares Him to be His Son. As Man, He is | anointed for His work with the seal of the | Father. Tho Holy Ghost descends on' the I meek, the lowly, the obedient One. He Him self is the Person'on whom the heavens open. The Father testifies of Him; the Holy Ghost testifies of Him j the oyes of the believing ones are turned towards Him. On no other object in this God-hating, God-rejccting world, could God's eye hare rested. The Spirit, like the dovo of Noah, looked over air the waste of waters and found no rest but on the ark. He was the solitary witness for God in this world which He lmd made r so if the scene is an opened heaven and God looking down upon the earth, tho sole attraction there is Jesus, the Son of God, the Son of man. • It is the Father 8 voice that cnesy 'Mid the deep silence of the skies, . This, this is My beloved Son* In him I jojt in Him alone/ Again* we read of heaven being opened (John i. 51) in connection with GI. Christ is Government. Hero we have, an intimation of the future righteous and peaceful government of earth united with heaven under the Son of man— where our Lord Himself says,' Verily, verily I say unto you, hereafter ye shall see heaven open, and the angels of God ascending and descending upon the Son of man.' Nathaniel, the representative of the godly Jews, liadcon fessed Him . to be Son of God and lung of Israel; and our Lord now told him that those who received Him when He was on earth, should see vet greater things than those by which they liad been convinced; and further, tlicy should see lieaveu open, and He who had j come down to be the Son of man, the Han of sorrows, should, in that name, be the object of the ministry of God's highest creatures. This will be true in all its fulness to those of Israel whom Nathaniel represented, in a coining day. Mean time, we see heaven open, and all the ministry between heaven and earth carried on through Him. Our thoughts are taken back to Jacob a^ his 'Bethel' (Gen. xxviii. 12), where, from his pillow of stone, a ladder reached to heaven, on which angels ascended and descended, and we see the Lord Jesus uniting earth to heaven, for he has been raised up and set at His Father's right hand; and in Him we are raised from the grave of earth to the scats in heaven, quickened together with Christ, raised up together, and made to sit together in heavenly places in Him. The scene is changed, but the object to which all eyes are turned is the same. An opened hoaven no longer looks upon the Son of God in humiliation, but upon that same Son of man uniting heaven and earth, God and Ilis creature, and on Him as the object of the ministry of the angelic hosts. Blessed time for this poor groaning misgoverned earth! Then shall be known tho full power of the Lord of hosts, who has said thufc fcfe will 'open the windows of heaven, and pour out a blessing, that there shall not be room enough to receive , it.' (Mai. iii. 10.) Meantime, Ve gladly take rejection with Him, until He sits on His own throne, for if wc suffer with Him, we slmll also reign with Him. Our next spectacle of an open heaven is the sample of what, an open heaven socs now on earth, and our place here under the kings of the earth -who are plotting against the Lord and His anointed. Heaven is opened on IV.—Cjibist in tjib 0IORY of Goo, To the rejected disciple. (Acts vii. 55.) * Ste phen, Jbfcing full of the Holy Ghost, looked up steadfastly into heaven, and saw the glory of God, and Jesus standing on the right hand of God, and said, behold I see the heavens opened, and the Son of Man standing on the right hand of God.' .Man had rejected Christ j God had token Him to His own right hand. • Man, in his most inveterate hatred of God, had sent out of the world the only Person' in it on whom God's eye could gaze with complacency. Heaven can open now upon nothing on this earth. When it opens, it is itself the scene; but the object to the mind of God, and to the believer full of the Holy Ghost, is itill the same Jesus. Stephen was being sent, after his Master. The Third Person of the Trinity in Him was being rejected as the Second Person had been at the cross. The Son of man would still stand ready to return, until this testimony had been'rejected; He is now set down, waiting till His enemies are made His footstool. What a glorious sight to the believer in testimony, in rejection, in martyrdom! He sees not the en raged multitude, ho hears not the derisive shout, he beholds not the fiendish gesture,'he sees heaven opened.' It seems as if, even duringthe time that they were stoning liim, he kept his eyes fixed on this wonderful vision, for we read at verso 59,' and they stoned Stephen calling upon God, and saying, Lord Jesus, receive my spirit.1 ' . - So it is with us now. Heaven opened on the Lord Jesus; it opens to us. TVliatcver enmity of men or devils may he around us. faith now Bees heaven opened and: the Son of man at the right hand of God for us. It is no longer the eye of God delighting to look thoughan opened heaven upon ffis Son on earth, it is the Chris tian himself looking from earth into an opened heaven, and seeing all the 'glory of God. imd better than all the glory, and, above the highest of oven God's heavenly glories, 'the1 Son of man,1 there for him. - / ! Fever before had such-a sight been seen, a glorifiedManat God's right hand. Prophets had spoken of it—but here was tlic fact. Glory was native to heaven—but now we sec the Sou of man in the glory of God. What a gospel for crery sinner, for every son of man, did Stephen prcacli, when, filled with the Spirit, he told out that Heaven was opened, and the Son' of'- Man was there! Is my reader a weak and trembling one, who can hardly dare to think that he is saved, and quite conscious that lie has never been filled with the Holy Ghost? Listen to the glorious good ."news that God Himself lias com manded to be told to every one • heaven is opened—the veil is rent-1-God's hand has done it; j not open now merely for God to look on us, but open for us to look upon God. ; The gates of Eden have been opened—-Christ is the Poor—and further, He as Son of Man is there. As Son of God He never required to leave that glory and go back to it again; but as Son of Man he never would have been there unless God had been vindicated—had - been glorified in. the putting away of sin —sin that lay upon Him as the substitute of the sinner. ' It: is finished.' This is God's good news; a' quickened sinner, an open heaven, and an exalted Substitute! : This is the ground of'my peace. ; Not what I feel, not the suppression of. God-dishonouring thoughts, not success in the confiict, not growth in grace, not the feeling of an indwelling Spirit, not a growing more like God, but the sure testi mony of God to an open heaven and the Son of man beforo Him. "WTiat more do we need than what God ha3 done ? - The tombs are rent as if to show that the sinner is to meet God now in life, in resurrec tion ; therefore, Stephen, a poor sinner, stands filled with the Holy Ghost. The veil is rent to show that the way into the holiest of all is now made manifest, there fore heaTen is open to the believing sinner. The Lord is ri«en, and is at the right* hand of God, and He is there the Pon of Man for me. An unveiled God, an open tomb, a glori fied Son of Man—what more, guilty, trembling soul, do you want? The natural eve has never seen this; faith alone, by the Holy Ghost, beliolds such a glory. Light from earth has never pierced the midnight darkness in which God is enveloped. The flaming sword still still turns every way to guard ' the tree of life* but where it fell. It fell on Christ, and iu Iiiui the sword of vengeance will never be turned against us. There is no entrance into Paradise but by tbc Door. There is no mercy to' sinuers but in Christ. The world knew not the darkness in which God wrapped his Son, when on the cross He was dealing with sin. Tho hist hour of light the world-had men spent in wagging their heads at, and spitting upon, the Light of Life. No unquickened man saw Christ in resurrection. (Acts x. 41.) Faith alone can see Ilirn thus. The self emptied sinner alono can rest, where God has found rest, in the glorified Son of Man. Once again we see heaven opened. In Acts x.ll, Peter 'saw heaven opened, and a certain vessel descending unto him as it had been a great sheet, knit at the four corners, and let down to the earth.' Heaven is opened to ex plain the mystery of Y.* Tee Chtjech Formed. The Church of God had been liid in Cod. It is not aecording to earthly and Jewish dis tinctions of clean and unclean. It is not ae cording to the. thought that the Moabire and Ammonite should not come into the Israelitish congregation of God. This was true (Xeh. xiii. .1)- is true and ever will be true. But, here is something new. The middle wall of partition is broken down, and there is neither Jew nor Gentile. This was never revealed or prophesied about before. 'The Gentile was to be blessed, but mediately through t he Jew; ami that will yet take place. Peter saw clean and unclean on an equality, not the unclean benefited by the clean. Those I hat wore nigli, * and those that were far off, that is, tho Jews nationally sepa rated to God, and the Gentiles outside God's calling, all now stand equally guilty, and ... equally to be blessed,.by God. To Peter bad been given the Keys of the Kingdom (not of the Church), and he opened the doors first to the Jews in Ins sermon in Acts ii. at Pentecost; and then, after this liearcn-given vision, to the ' Gentiles, in the person of the centurion (Acts x. 4-1); and since the door has. thus been opened equally to botli, no national distinction being recognised, tins key is no longer neces sary. . "Wc now have the Holy Ghost sent down from heaven. This is the vision of the time dwelling-place of God on the earth—the body of Christ. The middle wall of partition be ., tween Jew and Gentile was broken down, and • TTic servants were sent to gather out of every nation, kindred, and tongue, His Church which is to consist of all kiuds of. saved sinners, that in the ages to come1 He might show the exceed ing riches of His grace.' May we he thus living on Christ, and thus doing His will— .. partners in His work of ingathering now, soon . to be with him in the glory above! Por again do we see heaven opened on . VL The Chukoh Ssated. ;* ' After tliis, I looked, and beheld a door was opened in heaven. And the first voice wlueh I heard said, Come up hither, and I will show tlice things which must be here after/ (Kev. iv. I. &c.;) In the apocalyptic • vision, John had seen the Son of man in glory, as the first of the three great divisions of the vision. (Rev. i. 19.) He. had also seen God's Church history—'the things that are'—the second great division in the history of the seven Churches. (Kev. ii. iii.) And he is now to behold ' the things which must be hereafter' as the third division. Hut the Church repre sented in the throned elders lias been caught up (1 Thess. iv.), and is now seen seated with Christ on thrones (Per. iv.) before all the judgment is poured out. The Saints shall judge the world. They are lite Abraham, the friend of God, apart from Sodom, hearing all that is to fall on Sodom. • This is what we are waiting for, to be caught up to meet the Lord in the air, and to be set with Him on His throne. (Kev. iii. 21.) "What a contrast to the; martyred Stephen I This is the Church triumpliant* that was the Churcli militant. Well may we praise the Loril for. this little glimpse into an open heaven, for he would liave our hearts to rest on the blessed thought that we, shall be enthroned around the crowned Jesus, before He conies to execute His. wrath. . Por this is not all:—Again heaven "trill be opened, not in the vision of; prophecy, not on the meek lowly Jesus, not on Mis suffering people, nor to show His cnlmlv seated Church , but to show . TIL Cueist and His Saints in* Judgment. He comes witli myriads of His saints. : Christ with the Church is now . seen rising up in the exercise of judg ment^ as John 'says in Be v.; xix. cli~lI . saw heaven • opened, and behold a white horse; and He that sat upon Him was called Faithful and True, and in righteousness! He doth, judge and mate war. His eyes, were as a flame of fire, and on His head were many. ■ crowns: - and He had a name written, that no man knew but He himself. And He was • clothed in a vesture dipped in blood ♦ and.His name is called The Wobd> or God (John i. 1). And the armies in heaven.followed Him upon' white horses, clothed in fine linen, white land clean. And out of His mouth gooth.a sharp sword, that with it He should smite the nations: and: He shall rule them with a rod of iron; and he Ireadeth the wine-press of : the fierceness and wrath of Almighty God. And He hath on IBs vesture and on His : thigh a name written .King of Kings, and Lord of Lords.' Such is the awful opening of heaven • upon a God-dishonouring earth when the re . jeeted, crucified Son of man shall disperse the midnight darkness in which the carih is wrapped, by the flash of his judgment-sword. That funeral pall of blackest die which; has hung over this doomed world from the sixth . hour of that most awful crucifixion day, shall be ; torn asunder by His hand when He executes judgment Then will be seen, not the deluge of water, as when in Gen. TiL 11, the windows of heaven were opened, but wrath from; heaven, the wrath of the Lamb. What a day 1 what a reality! The book of mercy closed1 Christ risen up I . The door shut I The sword . unsheathed! How the scene, is changed! Ko longer humiliation; no • longer angelic ministry, no longer His mar " tyred followers; but His fierce vengeance^ His own right hand, His own sword, girt on' His thigh, His now triumphantco-heirs riding forth : in victory and breaking to pieces nil before Him. Still the object is Jesus, the Wobd of GocL For it is Christ Himself wlio is: our study, let Him be on earth, in heaven, or join ing earth to heaven,' rejected or reigning, suf fering or subduing. That same pierced brow which wore the, thorny crown is now to be decked with many crowns, for, The crowns that are now roand the false one's brow • 8hall be wora'by earth's riebtfol Lord. Tliafc same pierced hand. shall draw the sword from its scabbard; those same wounded feet shall press the snowy clouds, and "4 every eve shall see JKni, and they also that pierced Him: and all kinds kindreds of the earth alial! wail because of him! God Him self breaks the silence ; every- thing is now felt by every one to he real. The The oft-rejeeted Christ is seen to bo real; the scorned judgment is seen to be real; an open heaven is seen to be real; an eternal hell is seen to be real; the winepress of the fierceness :ind wrath of Almighty God is seen to be real; the wrath of the Lamb is seen to be real. Flee from the wrath to come, and study Christ, who has opened heaven, and who. is all the glory-within an open heaven. Q.T.C. Sphino 3I2RHN0.—By an oversight, the handicapper on Tuesday week declared tbo weights for the Fiyiog Handicap at the forth coming Q.TO. raca meeting. Tim we?gbts will be declared afresh on the night of the first day's running. 