JUVENILE OFFENDERS. The Home Secretary, Sir W. Y. Har court, in a recent speech at Birmingham mentioned that he was collecting opinions from Magistrates at home and, through the Foreign Office, from abroad as to the best treatment of juvenile crime. It appears that there is only one foreign place— the State of Massachusetts— which can teach England any lesson of im portance in this matter. The experience of the last ten yeara has proved that the new method of enforcing and directing parental responsibility where it is possible, and of overriding it where it absolutely fails, has been most successful. Between 1846 and 1866 Massachusetts established several State reformatories and in dustrial schools for criminal and neglected children, which effected a cer tain modicum of good; but -while these establishments relieve vicious parents from the expense of their children to the heavy cost of the honest taxpayer, the children themselves lose all the advan tages of virtuous family life. A move ment . of another kind was made in. I860 and 1870, by which the State Legislature committed the general care of juvenile offenders to a special State agency. Any complaint against a boy or girl under the age of seventeenmust, before being brought into Court, be laid in writing before the State Agent or one of his assistants: for investigation. Special times are appointed in the Courts. for the hearing of juvenile case's^ and the Agent or Sub- Agent attends personally to act for the State as watcher, counsel, advocate, or pro secutor, as the case may,, be. If the offence is light and the charge a first one nothing follows but a simple admonition, and probably a small demand upon the parent for costs. If it appears that tho child is likely to need more restraint or influence than its present, caretakers seem disposed to exercise a sentence of probation for a given time is awarded, at the request of the Agent, he undertaking, on behalf of the State, to bring up the offender again if needfuL Meanwhile he watches over the child at his house, and encourages and assistethe. parents to do their duty. When the Ijpjaeh is one where there isnoreasormblop50| pect of this duty being done by the parents or guardians, the Agent has pow-Sr - to take the child away and put it underl the Board of Health, Lunacy, andCharity..™ This Board general]/ places its wanUin. privatef amilies, as our Destitute Boarctcloes' here, under due official conditions and withl regular supervision. This is almost alwaysJ tried first, but if the boarding out isfound-1 to fail owing to the need of more stringent discipline, the child is consigned to an. industrial school or a reformatory,'and as a last resource, but only in very rare cases, to the severer discipline of a prison. The results of this graduated andintel-5, ligent differentiation of juvenile offences have been that, notwithstanding the' .in crease of population during the decade, there were 300 fewer juvenile offenders - in 1880 than in 1870. The two .school ships have been given up and sold, the number of- children under surveillance ? diminished by 50 per cent., and the cost of the maintenance' of ' criuunal and neglected children xeduced by S52j000 yearly. The chief part of^this economy, prevention, and reformation: results from keeping the children out of the institutions, and securing a better oversight of them, either in their owii: homes or in selected ones. In the old 'Bay State,' as in South Australia, almost all juvenile offenders are found, to be either without homes or without healthful home influences. The results of the ' probation system in reclaiming youthful offenders have been so remark able that Massachusetts has recently passed a law to apply the same principle to adults convicted of first offences. There is no laxity or impunity for (ha little offenders. Seventy-five per -cent, of the children brought before the Court are convicted, but of these one-third are put 'on probation' in their homes. Those who are put under the State - Board of Health, Lunacy, and Charity T are, supervised by unpaid but offici ally appointed visitors like those ? be longing to the Boarding-out Society in this colony. For the supervision of girls fifty ladies are appointed, who acfcy under a warrant from the Chairman of the .Board, and the volunteer visitors are ? found to increase the efficiency of the in fluence of even the most carefully selected . homes. The special feature of this organi zation is that the negligent parent is not abandoned to mere punishment or mere ignorance, but is advised, guided, and supervised. If he can be induced .to do his own duty, the result is a moral victory ? for both parent and child ; but failing that, he is compelled to do it if practicable, and . ini any case the child, is secured from negiect and vicious training. . The English practice is too lax with the vicious parents who pauperize and ill-treat their children. A certain beggarwoman, every few days or weeks, took her chil dren out of a metropolitan union school . for begging or revelry, and then claimed . the legal charitable asylum for them after she was tired of keeping them. Neither the beggar nor the State should be allowed . to be parties to vicious costly folly like this. Such undesirable parental interpo sition might undo in a week the good effects of years of care. The removal .of children from vicious parental control is - the sine qu& non of their permanent recla mation. If a young {child be taken from ? a ??) vicious Adelaide home and sent one or two hundred miles up the country, the chances are that, even without super vision, it will turn out fairly well— a i great deal better than if left to its parents; . and with reasonable care in selecting: the home and effective supervision, . official, or voluntary, the probability is! very much greater. But short sentences ? for criminal and neglected children are both' costly to the Stated cruel! to the children, and illusive - a^' a reforming agency. As the criminal chit, dren sent to the Reformatory are after a i longer or Bhorter probation put under the same conditions as the orphans and pauper children who have fallen into the hands of the State, and like them are sent out ! into respectable homes to earn their own . living, there is no hardship in an ex tension of Government guardianship, which is really all that the sentence means,* for' as long a period as the innocent are-, cared for. With regard to those especially . who are sentenced as neglected children, because their parents have been proved unfit guardians for them, the Destitute Board should keep ahold upon them a3 long as the Act will permit. Similarly young girls who have adopted a career of profligancy should when brought before the Magistrate be ordered to be sent to a Reformatory or Home for a series of years. A singularly interesting study may be found in v the sudden sympathy and solicitude evinced by many parents as soon as their children are old enough to work in factories or do hard work for wages, or tend the step mother's children at home, or earn, money in even more vicious way3. A much larger number go astray, says'{a Connecticut worker in this field, of those who are returned to parents and poorer friends than of those placed in other families at a distance among strangers.. The last Destitute Act in South Australia was intended to extend the supervision.; and guardianship of the Destitute Board and of the voluntary lady and gentleman visitors over all girls up to the age of eighteen ; but with regard to the sentenced girls, who more than all others require this friendly help and counsel and protec tion, there is no power of going beyond the sentence, and if that terminates at fourteen or ataixteen theparents may claim the children, or the children may go in the way they themselves please. This ano maly may be rectified by the Magistrates carrying out both the letter and the spirit of the law and sentencing until eighteen. There is no more dangerous age for girls thanthatbetween sixteen and eighteen, and the dangers are increased tenfold where vicious, drunken, and rapacious parents are on the watch for the expiration of the term. . We should like to see the principle of the Massachusetts mode of deal ing with young offenders, adopted here, either by the appointment of State agents or by empowering' certain Magis trates to devote their attention to juvenile crime, and to combine with either official or voluntary agency in the watching of the cases under probation in the house. Fail ing persuasion, fines and other compul sory influences might be brought to bear upon the parents.1 Next, according to the American plan, boarding out i3 tried, whereas our little waifs and' larrikins are tried at the Industrial School and the Reformatory before they are placed out in cottage homes. The Industrial School at Magffl has much of the character of a depot, but yet it would be much better for the ?Towth of the children if they went out into families without passing through the school at all, for there are generally be tween 100 and 150 there, and many of them are old for their years in knowledge of the wickedness of the world. The grada tion followed in Massachusetts is the correct one. First the natural home, then the adopted home ; failing these, the Industrial School, the Reformatory, and as a last and well-nigh desperate resort, the prison. We commend this subject to the attention of those who are just now specially interesting themselves in the question of lessening immorality in the city. ? The Australians in Field Sports. — The Australian Eleven, who are now in England, have done what none of their predecessors ever succeeded in doing, having inflicted a thorough and most un equivocal defeat on a picked team of the Gentlemen Players of England. The details of the scores, of course, suggest that the Englishmen have been unusually unfortunate ; yet, considering that they have sustained a one- innings defeat, it is quite fair to conclude that they have been beaten on their merits. Nor can it be denied that the eleven which withstood the Australians on Ken sington Oval was one thoroughly representative of English cricket. Seldom, if ever, has such a team been brought together in England. The Gentlemen have hitherto been England's pi&ce; de resistance as against the Australian cricketers, and their splendid play against the two previous elevens which tried con clusions with them was the theme of universal admiration. The defeat inflicted on the Australians of the last team by the Gentlemen wna to a large extent redeemed by their brilliant play in an uphill con test, and few who witnessed W. G. Grace's magnificent innings of 150 expected that it would be surpassed by that of Murdoch, who scored 151 not out. It is very satisfactory to notice that in the present series of matches the South Australian man is answering the expec tation of his numerous admirers in the colony and of the critics who wit nessed his play in . the preliminary practice, and that he ia proving himself to be'_ one of the most useful, 2 not the most useful, all-round man of the team. Those who know how invaluable to the success of a cricketing team are the services of a destructive bowler will readily recognise that the victory over the Gentlemen Players is to a very large extent due to Giffen'a remarkable bowling average in the first innings of six.wickets for forty-nine runs. To have made such execution amongst such batsmen might well entitle him to be considered the best bowler of the season ; and whether his general average should exceed or fall short of those of the other bowlers, the Australians must acknowledge that he has done them an invaluable service by making such a breach in the hitherto almost impenetrable ranks of the Gentleman Players. From cricket at the antipodes to football in the colonies is, after all, no very violent transition, and we make it now to point out that the improvement which has been effected of late years in South Australian cricket has not, so far, been paralleled by the improvement in South Australian football. Both games are fine manly outdoor pastimes, calculated, if not indulged in to excess, to prove a wholesome source of mental discipline as well as a mean3 of physical development. It is note worthy that a great and most benefical change has taken place of late years in the game of football as played in Aus tralia. The adoption of new rules has done away with the dangerous practices of slinging, pulling, and tripping, and the rigid enforcement of the penalty of allow ing a mark to the other side for each infringement of the rules committed by a member of either team has a wonderful effect in preventing any undue roughness. To witness a game at football is now a pleasant afternoon's entertainment, as, agreeable as it is exhilarating. Formerly it was made painfully exciting by the too frequent occurrence of serious accidents. It is evident that South Australian teams have a great deal of progress to make before they become a match for the crack twenties of Victoria. They certainly must have learned much from the admi rable play of the South Melbourne foot ballers, who act together with all the pre cision of a well-disciplined army, and yet all work as if the fortunes of the day depended on their individual efforts. The success of Australians in the national sports of the British people goes far to prove that the vigour and physique of the race, instead of becoming impaired in this climate, are really improved and strengthened by it Arbtvai of the Sctlej.— The R.M.S. Sutlej {arrived at Glenelg at 10 o'clock or. Saturday morning, and sailed for Mel bourne at 9 p.m., after discharging 120 tons cargo. The weather was extremely boisterous at Glenelg, and there was some difficulty in getting alongside. The steam - tender Mermaid had her starboard side injured, the top rail being started nearly the whole length of the boat. The Sutlej, a description of which appears in another column, is one of the fifteen steamships pro vided by the P. & O. Company for their new mail contract, and she is a very handsome type of her class. Her length is 390 feet, and burden 4,194 tons. _ Her dining saloon is unique in its way, being fitted up in the Early English style with panels of minton tiles, and the music saloon is hung with tapestry, pre senting altogether a peculiarly handsome and luxurious appearance. South Australian Art Gallery.— We are informed that the pictures for the above have been selected in London by the com mittee appointed for the purpose. Art Presextatiox,— llr. Walter Severn, the well-known artist, has just presented to the colony of South Australia a handsome picture, which will make a very welcome addition to the Adelaide Art Gallery. It appears that whilst travelling in Italy Mr. Severn met Mr. T. Harry, of Adelaide, and in the course of a conversation on the esta blishment of picture galleries in the colonies, offered to hand over to Mr. Harry a picture for presentation to South Australia. On arrival in London Mr. Harry put Hmsslf in communication with the Agent-General, and Sir Arthur Blvth kindly consented to accept the picture ofhcially on behalf of the colony. Mr. Severn very handsomely placed a choice of several cictcres before them, the one selected being a beautiful painting of 'Boscastlej' Cornwall. The subject is a very striking one, the treatment of the waves as they roll ana break upon the rocky snore .being most delicate. The picture is valued by connoisseurs at a hundred guineas. Air. Severn has always taken great interest m boutn Australian affairs, owing to being connected by marriage with a former Governor of the colony, Mrs. Severn being a sister of Sir _J . Feifjusson, now Governor of Bombay, and of Major Fergusson, now of Adelaide. Sir HEraY Parkes is London.— A gentle man writing by Ia3t mail says that at date Sir Henry Parkea was still the lion of the season, and that he was lucky in the time of his visit, as a lion is a necessity of every season, and there was none other this year, as Cetewayo had not appeared to act the rCle. The_ McArthcr Testimonial. — The snbscription-lifct to the testimonial to the ex-Lord Mayor of London reached ;he sum of £585, the names on the list jeing ifergely ihose of gentlemen more or ess intimately associated with, and many of them leading residents and active politicians in, the Australian Colonies. The committee appointed at the meeting in January last to select the article for presentation entrusted MeBsrs. Stephen Smith & Son, of 35, King street, Covent Garden, an order for the manu facture of a silver centre-piece, with designs commemorative of Mr. McArthur's Mayora ty and of his connection with' the Australian Colonies, bearing a suitable inscription. This was formally presented to Mr. McArthur on May 10 at the Mansion House, London, in the presence of a distinguished company. Marriage with a Deceased Wife's Sister. — At the time of the departure of the mail the Deceased Wife's Sister Association in London had prepared to make a great public demonstration in favour of the passing of the measure just before its introduction into the House of Lords. It was fully expected that several thousand people who have strong personal grounds fcr urging the adoption of the principle would be present in aid of that object. Sir Arthur Blyth was to take part in the demonstration, referring to the experience of Australia upon the subject. .t will be remembered that by a majority of four the House of Lords negatived the second reading of the measure, which was of course thrown out for the session. Experimental Farm, Sof/th-East.— The overseer reports for the month of May that sixty acres of wheat, fifteen of oats, and five of grasses had been sown, ami that the first sown were just coming up. The stock, build ings, &c;, were all in good order. The rain fall for ths month had been 4-135 inches. The ground generally was stated to be in good working order, and if too much rain did not follow the crops were expected to do well. Wattle Cultivation.— We understand that an application has been made to the Commissioner of Crown Lands ior liberty to plant 'the_ whole of the railway line of the colony with wattles bv a gentleman who has already had considerable experience in that culture. As wattle bark is now becoming very scarce, and a large and important in dustry is dependent upon that kind of pro duce, it is to be hoped that the Government will give the matter careful consideration. Colonists at Home.— Letters received by the last mail give a few details of the welfare of several of our colonists who are at present in the old country. We gather that Mr. George Main was in excellent health and spirits ; that Mrs. Alfred Hallett had been seriously indis posed, being obliged to remain in Plymouth ; that Mr. Murray Smith (the new Agent General for Victoria) had arrived in town ; and that Messrs. Caleb Peacock, Wedlock (of the Labour League), E. C. Hawker, McCrae, Maurice Lyons, C. H. Brooks, J. W. Bate man, and others had been'Seen and spoken with ; and that the Hon. H. Scott had gone to Tunbridge Wells, being quite well again. The Orient Company and Postage.— In speaking of the new Orient steamer, the Austral, on the occasion of its trial trip, Mr. J. G. Anderson, one of the Managers, said—' I would like to bring under notice how the Government of this country treats enterprise such as the building of ships like these. It is very clear that when a ship of this speed is built the public eagerly avail themselves of the opportunity of forwarding by the ship to the ports to which she mav trade articles the speedy delivery of which 'is of importance to them, and for which they are ready to pay — for example, jewellery, letters, parcels, packets, and such things as can be posted, and which will increasingly be posted as our postal system is extended. Will you believe that, notwithstanding all our representations to the late Government under Lord Beacons field, with Lord John Manners at the Post Office, and to the present Government duiing Mr. Fawcett's charge of the Post Office, and with Mr. Gladstone at the head of the Government, the view taken and acted upon is that if, for instance; the postage of a letter is 20s. and the public is prepared to pay that amount to have the letter taken to Australia with a fast steamer of the Orient Company, the Post Office pockets 19s. lid. and gives Id. as a gratuity to the master of our ship for carrying it. Thej; apply an obsolete Act of Parliament passed in 1840-^1 will not call it obsolete, because there is sufficient vitality in it to have it applied. We have this to contend with, in the face of having to meet the com petition of foreign countries. There ia a French Company which is subsidized, and there is a German Company which the German Government 'are subsidizing, which Companies send their vessels to Australia. We nave to meet this competition, and that is the encouragement we get at the hands of our own Government. I consider that that is aproof of very short-sightedstatemanship.' (Applause.) New Fittings fof the Council Chamber. — Mr. J. G. Olding, the furniture manufac turer and upholsterer, of Pulteney and Pirie streets, has just completed, to order of the City Council, the furniture for the new Council Chamber, upon designs by Messrs. Wright and Reed. He has finished also extensive alterations in his premises, the whole of the wall fronting Pulteney - street having been pulled down, and plate-glass being substituted from the level of the footpath. He avails himself of the opportunity to place on view to better advantage the Council's furniture, which comprises six double tables and others all of cedar, handsomely figured, and with gold-embossed leather tops ; nine Aldermen's chairs, with claret morocco cushioning ; and 16 Councillors' chairs of the same, all well constructed, but less porten tions. The Mayor's chair and some other furniture previously in use have been re upholstered, and these, with the others, make in Mr. Olding's windows a show which any one in the trade might be proud of. Art Exhibition.— The Art Exhibition in connection with the Adelaide Young Men's Society now being held in the Town Hall continues a great source of attraction, and the results of the enterprise of the members of the Society are daily proving more and more satisfactory. A large number of per sons visited the Exhibition on Saturday, there being a good attendance in the evening, when an excellent promenade concert was given, the members of the orchestra, under the direction of Mr. Cawthorne, fully main taining the good reputation they have gained. The committee are continually receiving additions to the list of exhibits, and amongst those shown for the first time on Saturday were a fine specimen of inlaid Florentine work, lent by Dr. Norman, and a sample of Pulleine's patent preserved potatoes, manu factured by the Australian Fruit and Vege table Preserving Company. A3 previously stated, the Exhibition will be open foranother week, and no doubt will continue to be largely patronised. Free Breakfast.— The fourth free break fast in connection with the City Mission was S'ven on Sunday morning, June 25, at the issicn Hall. The spread consisted- of roast beef, corned beef, mutton, bread and butter, tea, and coffee. There were forty-three guests— twenty -fiveadults, and the remainder young people. Among the adults were several that had no home, and were in destitute circumstances. The spread was under the management of Messrs. J. Jarvis, J. J. Green, G. Stace, and the Misses Stevens, Druromond, Berry, and Green. Several young men from the Younc: Men's Christian Association rendered valuable help. At the close of the breakfast a religious service was held, consisting of singing, prayer, and read ing of Scripture, and addresses by Messrs. J. J. Stuckey and Jarvis. Mr. C. Stace pre sided at the organ. One man signed the pledge. The breakfast and service occupied an hour and a half, and the meat and bread left were distributed among sick and indi gent persons. Meeting at Cradock.— A meeting was held at the Wirreauda Hotel, Cradock, on June 21, to take into consideration the very unsatisfactory postal arrangements. Mr. Hele in the chair. Mr. Turner proposed— ' That the Government be memorialized to alter the present arrangements, which might be done at a slightly enhanced expense and much advantage to the town and neighbour hood by granting a mail three times a week to Cradock from Wilson.' Much incon venience was, he said, often felt and loss sustained through goods lying at Wilson in consequence of want of communication. Mr. Sinoker and Mr. Monahan supported the motion, which was carried. Mr. O'Connor proposed — ' That the mail leave Cradock on Tuesdays. Thursdays, and Saturdays, to meet the North trains.' This was seconded by Mr. Turner and carried. It was proposed by Mr. Canny — ' That Government be petitioned to grant a Money-Order Office to the township, as great inconvenience is felt by the inhabitants and neighbour hood for lack of one.' This proposition was also carried nan con. Mr. T. D. Jackson, J.P., proposed— ' That the Government be petitioned to form a Telegraph Station at Cradock, as many places of far less impor tance rossessed that advantage.' Carried. It was resolved that Messrs. T. D. Jackson, J.P., O'Connor, Canny, James, Monahan, Turner, Sinoker, and Harris form a com mittee to diaw up a memorial, and that Mr. Tennant, M.P., be requested to Bupport the petition. The usual vote of thanks to the Chairman closed the proceedings. The Bicycle Tournament.— As antici pated, the race between Rolfe and Press for the championship of Australia in the six days' bicycling, .which ended on Saturday night, was an exceedingly close one, and an imn.ense crowd completely filling every part of the pavilion assembled to witness the finish. Press had been gradually gaining since the morning, and there were some splendid spurts between the two. At 10.30 Press was only four laps behind, and going well, hard pressed by Rolfe; but the latter at a few mmutes before 11 put on one of Kia wonderful rushes, and, amidst the utmost enthusiasm, he came in a winner by the four laps. Spicer was third, Gault fourth, and. Snlitoe filth. The final record stood thus :— . rifles. Laps. J. Eolfe (Champion cf Australia) ..703 .7 W. J. Press (Champion of S. Australia) 708 ' 3 G. Spicer (Victoria) '.. .. .. B35 0 A. Gault (Adelaide) .. .. ..481 7 L. F. Sillitoe (S.'A.) ? *476' 8 A report of the affair appears in another column. Neither Press nor Kolfe seemed any the worBe for their protracted exertions, but went off the track as coolly as if jonly coming from an ordinary ride, and this evening they are to take part in the South Australian Bicycle Club races to be held in the pavilion. The entries are as follows : — . Two Miles Maidens — R. C. Cox, scratch; F. P. Everett, 75 yds. ; J. Hooper, 75 yds. ; W. Kuhnel, 100 yds. ; T. Cox, 100 yds. ; T. H. Dancker, 160 yds. ; F. Bridgeland, 180 yds. Five Miles— W. J. Press, scr. ; A. Gault, 200 yds. ; T. Cox, 280 yds. ; F. Hilditch, 250 yds. ; H. Kuhnel, 400 yds. ; T. Austin, 550 yda. Three Miles— J. EolXe (Melbourne),- scr. ; G. Spicer (Melbourne), 150 yds. ; J. Carter, (Melbourne) 200 yds. ; E. J. McCarthy, 250 yds. ; J. Hooper, 450 yds. ; H. H. Everett, 550 yds. -One Mile Club Champion— W. J. Press, A. Gault, E. C. Cox, T. Cos, T. H. Dancker, F. P. Everett, H. Kuhnel, T. AustiD. E. J. McCarthy. One Mile Grand Novelty Race — J. Eolfo (Mel bourne), George Spicer (Melbourne), J. Carter (Melbourne), J. George (Sydney), F. Bridgeland, AV. Kuhnel, T. Bowe, R. C. Cox. Rifle Match.— We understand that Mr. J. Morcom, the Secretary of the South Aus tralian Rifle Association, has arranged a friendly match between six riflemen of the Redhill Company and a similar number of the Association, and that the contest will take place on Saturday next, each team firing on their own respective ranges. The dis tances are 200, 400, 500, and GOO yards ; seven shots at each distance; Wimbledon targets and scoring ; any position at all distances. The following are the teams :— Redhill Com pany—Captain J. W. Perryman, Lieutenants A. A. Robertson, Blake, R. Darling, Cor porals Ingerson and Sutherland. South Australian Eifle Association — Captain J. C. Ferguson, Messrs. James Wadde'l, A. E. Taylor, J. Pringle, S. Wiljs, and E. Marsson. The rifles used to be Martini-Henrys. Prize Conundrum CoMrETiTiON.-rOne of theEe contests took place at the Academy of Music on Friday evening, June 23. The prize was a harmonium, valued at twenty guineas. About three hundred conundrums were received, which were examined by a committee of three gentlemen appointed by the audience. From this number five were selected and read to the assemblage. The two conundrums most in favour with the majority, were as follows :—' Why was the American war like the railway to Farina? Because it was carried on for a long time at great ex pense to the conntry, and ended by uniting North and South.' The author of this was Mr. Lee, who took the prize. The next best was— 'Why did the field in the American war bear a striking resemblance to the Birth day Meeting on the Old Adelaide Racecourse? Because men were seen doubling, others lay ing straight out, after which came the down fall and death of a President. The author of this was Mr. James Morcom, and it was some time before the audience could decide which was the better. Uttering a Valueless Cheque.— A man named Henry Spencer was arrested at Fifth Creek on Sunday for uttering a valueless cheque at Burnside four or nve days ago. Mounted-constable Atkinson had been fol lowing the delinquent up for four days before he succeeded in effecting the capture. Entertainment at Gawler.— The Bros. Matthews Variety Combination Company appeared at the Institute Hall, Gawler, to rather small audiences on Friday and Satur day last, both evenings being very wet, which had much to do with the attendance. Those present, however, had two hours' good fun, and the hearty applause was evidence that the efforts to please were appreciated. A Hoax.— The police authorities were sub jected to a good deal of annoyance by the action of the Bicycle Club, who applied to the City Council for permission to have a bicycle procession on Saturday evening. In conjunction with the concession six mounted and a nurobsr of foot constables were told off to accompany the cavalcade, which they were informed would leave the clubropm, Wake field-street, at 7.30 ; but after waiting there until S.15 the constables, who had been levied from different parts of the city, returned to the office without having seen a wheelman. The Cross in the Chukch.— The Port Augusta Lkpatch writes:— 'A member of St. Augustine's Church, Port Augustaj having presented a brass crosa, together with two vases and an almsdish of the same material, to be placed in the new building, an objection was taken to the first-named gift by certain members of the congregation. In accordance with the feelings expressed by some of the Church people on the subject the wardens convened a meeting of seatholders to discuss the matter and decide whether or not the gift should be accepted. The meeting was held in the schoolroom on Monday evening, June 19, and such was the interest manifested in the proceedings that no fewer than 120 persons could have been present, this number, how ever, including a few persons not be longing to the Anglican community. The proceedings were characterized by an amount of vigour and enthusiasm that con veners of political and 'wharf' meetings might well envy. Indeed, at times thpse present displayed such an intensity of feeling that the spectacle to an unmoved onlooker must have savoured of noisiness, and the remark was made by a great number of persons that they had no idea there was such an amount of vigorous feeling in the Church. Each person present seemed fully determined at whatever cost to support that which he thought was right, and to oppose that which he thought was wrong ;. and this spirit, although not conducive to calmness and placidity of demeanour, augurs well for the future of St. Augustine's, if the enthusiasm be directed with unanimity in a proper channel.' The proceedings were very lengthy, the pastor, the Rev. Mr. Dodd, making an able defence to the charges that were brought forward by several speakers that to place the cross on tne altar was to introduce the thin edge of ritualism into the church. The meeting, however, did not carry any motion, although one refusing the gift of the cros3 had been moved and seconded, as well as an amendment that the cross should be accepted and placed behind the communion table in its usual position, a concession being made that the cross should be accepted but not piaced_ in the church until the'new Bishop of Adelaide should have been interviewed on the matter. Yocng Men's Russian Jewish Emigra tion Society.— A general meeting of the S. A. Branch of the above was held in the Synagogue Chambers on Sunday, the 25th inst. There was a huge attendance of sym pathizers, and it was unanimously resolved to issue subscription-lists^ and institute a vigorous canvass of the South Australian public. It was also agreed that any one might become a member by applying to the Secretary or any member for a subscription list. Wood v. National Mutual Life Associ ation of Australia.— We understand that the creditors of Neville have determined not to let the matter drop, and have desired the Public Trustee to appeal to the Local Court of Appeal. RESnSISCENCES OF LONGFELLOW. — A COr respondent of the Times, who made the acquaintance of Mr. Longfellow at Naples, relates how the poet insisted on spending the night upon Mount Vesuvius alone. Without a smile on his face, he said, ' I want to gather poetic impressions.' We looked becomingly serious, and only begged to be permitted to keep watch with him. ' No,' with two or three shakes of the head ; ' I must be alone.' A whispered consultation between some members of the party followed. 'He is quite in earnest and must do as he pleases,' said a brother of the fair Bostonians, and he added that there was no danger just then of the greatest of American poets meeting with the' same fate as the Younger Pliny. ' But brigands?' suggested the Frenchman. 'Dear me ! he will catch such a dreadful cold,' chimed in one of the ladies. Finally, we decided to leave the poet to his reveries, after ordering a Maltese courier to stand sentinel, unobserved, within hailing distance. It is probable that this courier fulfilled, at least, the half of h;s duties faith fully, for his presence was certainly never noticed by Mr. Longfellow. The author of 'Excelsior' turned up in the morning, looking none the worse for his night's frolic with the ghosts of Herculaneum and Pompeii ; but he persistently parried every question put to him as to whether he had found ' inspiration.' Ail he would say waB that, on coming down from the moun tain, he had_ been requested by a gendarme to exhibit his passport, and being unable to produce this document, had been nearly marched off to the Police Station. 'I pur- chased my liberty for two lire,' he remarked, smiling; 'the price of that commodity has decreased since Coeur de Leon's time.' Among other facts mentioned by the corre spondent, he states that on Longfellow being asked whether Paul Fleming in ' Hyperion was a character drawn from life, he paused a full half-minute, then answered — He was what I thought I might have been ; but I never . . . .' He shaded his face with one hand, and did not complete the sentence. Speaking of the ' Golden Legend,' he said, 'The first draft I did in four weeks— not counting the Sundays — I don't like to work on Sundays — not even to write a hymn. But I spent about six months correcting and cut ting down.' Church Opened.— St. Augustine's Church, Port Augusta, which has been for '»ome time closed for enlargement, was reopened yester day. We quote the following particulars concerning the additions from the Port Augusta Dispatch: — 'Entering the church, through the old porch we find the roof of the old part has been raised, and the principals cased up. The roof, throughout nave, and transept, is stained in two colours and var nished. The windows in the nave are all of stained glass, some painted, some coloured by the vitremaine process. The transept is 45J x 25 feet. The roof in this part of the church is particularly handsome. The cut- stone windows, together with the crosses on the gables, were done in Port Augusta, the atone being obtained from Sydney and New Zea land. On one side of the chancel arch stands a stone pulpit, approached by a flight of stairs, and on the other the lectern. Close to the lectern is the door leading to the vestry. ? On the other side is the organ chamber, a. room 8 feet x 8 feet, the arches opening out into both chancel and transept. The chancel, 25 feet x 19 feet, is separated from the rest of the church by a dwarf screen of cedar, baud, and Huon pine, surmounted by six-inch wrought-iron trellis work; the chancel floor is raised twelve inches. On each side are provided seats for the choir. The sjcraiium is approached by two more steps, and shut off from the rest of the choir by an altar rail of carved Huon pine and cedar polished ; it is laid -vith Minton tiles. The altar is to stand upon a foot-pace raised another six inches. On each Bide there is some very pretty carved woodwork. A niche in the wall on the right-hand side selves the purposo of a credence table. Looking down the church from this the ex treme end, we find a total length of 113J feet. The church will comfortable seat 400 people. The total cost of tne new part of the church, furniture and fittings included, will amoL i to about £2,100.' Phimitive Methodist Church, North Adelaide. — The opening services in con nection with this newly erected church were held on Sunday, June 25. The church proper is 54 ft. 6 in. long by 50 feet wide in the clear, with an average height of 29 feet from floor to ceiling. In the front of the church are two lobbies, each 13 ft. 6 'in. by 8 feet, and an inner porch 14 feet by 8 feei. The openings in these apartments are handsomely finished with engaged columns and moulded archi traves. Beyond the inner porch is the wind porch, constructed to guard against the possibility of draughts. Provision ia made in each lobby to receive stairs, which will _ at some future time lead to a spacious gallerv to be erected along the back of the church. Mintaro tilea are used for the floor in the lobbies and porch, and all the steps are of Mintaro slate. The rear of the church is relieved by a lar^e alcove and elaborate platform, on which is the reading-desk. Round the ceiling of the church runs a large coved cornice, the ceiling itself being divided into panels and provided with two large ventilators communicating with veptilating- shafts through the roof. Ventilation has been carefully considered, and ample means have been provided for supply of fresh air and the discharge of the impure air. The external elevations are _ designed in the Italian style of architecture, with panelled pilasters and rustic quoins pleasingly distributed about, the upper cornice having an open balustrade, and the front-entrance doorways being finished with large architraves and moulded pediment. The side elevations are somewhat plainer than the front. The seating, which is on the radiating plan, is of clear and Huon pine,_with cedar mouldings and blackwood capping, and affords accommodation for 340 worshippers ; the gallery when erected will seat 110 more. The church was designed and carried out by Mr. D. Garlick, architect. Mr. Thomas Gidley was the contractor, and the cost of the building will be about £2.600. St. Saviour's Parsonage Building Fund. — An entertainment in connection with the above object was given in the Glen Osmond Institute Hall on the 21st inst. The public tea, the arrangements of which had been made with great care, was patronised by 180 persons. At the entertainment in the evening there must have been between 250 and 300 persons present. The following lady and gentlemen took part in carrying out the pro gramme :— Messrs. Kaufman, Oldham (over tures), Narroway (two songs), H. Turner (song), and Mnrch (song), Miss Beeby (song). Mr. McKechnie gave three of his popular recitations. Mr. T. Narroway rendered the song 'Never more' in a very effective manner. Miss Beeby was greatly applauded for her singing. Mr. Murch in his comic songs' caused a great amount of fun of a very pleasant description. The Rev. W. S. Moore, gave a_ short but very appropriate and interesting address, congratulating the con gregation on the auspicious initiatiou of the movement made to build a parsonage, and expressed a hope that it would ere long be accomplished. Mr. C. L. Meyer, J.P., presided. Fire at Glanville:— The City Coroner informs us that the sentence appearing in his speech when summing up the evidence taken at the enquiry held on the fire which occurred at Mason's premises, Glanville, that ' to have started the fire the evidence pointed to the necessity that some one must have gone through the boy's window into the shop because the doors were not forced' is incor rect, and should have read — ' A witness who was first at the fire swears that when he went there he found the front door of the shop un fastened, although Mason states that he locked it before leaving heme the night prior to the fire.' Supposed Case of Infanticide.— The City Coroner began an inquest on Saturday afternoon on the body of the female infant child of Mary Alice Lawton, which was found dead at the residence of the mother's parents. North Adelaide, on the previous day. The evidence of Drs. Cawley and Dunlop proved that the girl had admitted to them that she had been confined in the back premises of her mother's house. The enquiry was adjourned till Friday, July 7, owing to the illness of Miss Lawton. New Industry.— A new industry (says the Wallaroo Times) is being established at the Salt Lake, near Snowtown, namely, the manufacture of salt for export to Sydney and other colonies. The proprietors (Messrs. Snowball & Co.) have nearly completed the erection of machinery sufficient to enable them to export weekly no less a quantity than 50 tons, which they intend shipping from Wallaroo. Football.— The South Melbournes de feated the Ports on Saturday afternoon by 4 goals and 5 behind s to 2 goals and 9 behinds. The Norwoods met the Melbourne team, and were defeated by 8 goals and 8 behinds to 1 goal and 4 behinds. The Garnact Fund.— The committee of gentle men who recently gave an entertainment in the Port Adelaide Town Hall in aid of the Garnaut Fund have handed over the sum of £30 to three trustees for the benefit of- Mrs. Garnaut and her family. The sum in question includes a donation of £3 3s. from Messrs. O. & B, Wills & Co. Academy of Music— An entirely new programme is announced for to-night, when the Panorama of the American War will be replaced by one of the Hnsso-Turkish struggle. ' EtECTRO-METALUjRGY.'— This is the title of an illustrated lecture to be delivered this evening by Mr. A. W. Dohbie before the members and friends of the College Part Young Men's Society in the schoolroom behind the local Congregational Church. S.A. Cricketing Association. — A special ?general meeting will be held at the Prince Alfred Hotel this evening. North Adelaide Primitive Methodist CHiRCn.— A sale of gifts in connection with the opening of this church will take place in the build ing this afternoon. In the evening tea and public meetings will be held. 