THE TATLER. Bon jour, Monsieur Le Beau ! What's the news?—"AB You LIKE IT." Johnny Crapaud has been hitherto held up to the scorn and ridicule of the world for his eccentric tastes in such entremets as stewed snails and fricasseed frogs; but be iB outdone at last by his neighbor the German," who has recently developed a powerful gout, which casts roast horse, boiled home, and cheval fricassit a la FVancaise into the shade • for we ' laaro that at Berlin, the iUh of Jnne last, twenty-one meuthers °f German Parliament, on the invitation of a Doctor Hermes, sat down to discuss an omelet composed of forty-three eggs laid by one of the serpents in the Berlin aquarium ! This ought to excite the tastes of our Queensland friends, who can try the ex-, periment of mnking omelets from alligator's" •£gs> as well as those of certain serpent* of that ilk, which measure from fourteen to sixteen feet in leqg^h-. M tye n^tute of the proceedings fa which campaigning of the Salvation Army ifl apt to lead, we may quote from English religious journal, die Ckrittu&, World, the following proclamation vsited by the Salvation Army i^eds. The inn of operations i* thus sketched :— [onday, ftth Jjune, nt a quarter to eight, aalvajtion charge. Tuesday, great exfai-' bitipn of hnllelujah lasses. Wednesday,' fire and brimstone. Thursday, roll-call';; soldiers to deliver up their cattii&EPV; Friday, at half-post seven, tan^^ ^ftlijp. Saturday, at a quarto fo eijgl'it, rejwpiljg over Victories all ever the shop ^naay, ijlth'^ne, at«ev4n .«. : trii,> knee-^r]^';ammunition sapplied tin soldiers by quartermaster-general; 11 a.m. < t {lescfent of the Holy Ghost; half-fast two thing .. — surely the raiilt u more likely to.bfc gratifying to the " non- Christian wniUr- Utic infidel lecturers" than to the fnenda of religion. IK your last issue I eee a letter -appearing signed P. B. Pymar Dodd, in which be deprecates the use of quotations from Holy Writ, in connection with the newapaper-writing of the day. I should- think tho use of such quotations as " Keep your tongue from evil speaking, " Judge not that ye be not judged," &c.;, especially when made use of in good -fait!), end with becoming reverence, are as mnch calefilated to benefit the public, when' appearing in the columns of a newspaper, as it uttered by the rev. gentleman from the pnlpit I regret exceedingly that Mr. Dodd should be shocked, or that die use of Biblical quotations should be " exceedingly painful to many of your readers," but I.cannot help remarking that if the rev. gentleman intends to arrogate to himself the right to become dictator-general, and mentor-inchief to the press of the colony, he will have little time left to administer to the spiritual wants of the sick and indigent members of his congregation, who cannot leave their homes to attend divine worship, and to whom even an occasional visit from a christian clergyman wonld be a great and valued boon. A well-known essayist of the Hemisphere has recently advocated establishment of a " Society for the pagation of Modesty," and sueh &n;< tution would, no doubt, find a rrich for the exercise of its powers.' stance, there is a publication nauied the Colonial Printers' Art Journal got up at Sydney. I have not anything to advance against the letter-press of the publication in question; but when it proceeds to dwell upon tlm disfigaration of certain coloninl journals by certain " cuts," and produces in tiie same issue a coarse and vulgar parody upoh a popular painting, under the impression that it iB Advancing art in the colonies; it is time to say something: A frightful picture of " Rebecca, at the Well," represents a blind boy or man, for it would do for either, clothed in an Oriental girl's dress, or rather undress; with feet like those of the statnes of Mernnon, and a pair of legs like very badly shaped nine-pins, endeavoring to pour the contents of an earthenware water bottle over a poor old Bedonin Arab's noso, who is staring at her in wild Astonishment If this is colonial art, I would not give mach for our future artiste. In this effort, at least, art in impudence degenerates into impotence. IT is astonishing to experience what an invigorating effect a morning ratnble through the Botanical Gardens of Port Augusta has upon the constitution. There is a most luxuriant growth of kerosene tins, jam pots, old garments, such as vests, shirts, the remains of " inexpressible" adornments, feminine fabrics, and any amount of empty bottles. These interesting objects, paradoxical as it may seem, throw the trees completely in the shade. I think the bottles have tlie best of it; but who would have ever imagined when the Botanical Reserve was first laid out, that it would degenerate into a sort of cemeteiy for "dead marines." THET eat down one night in die gloaming and discussed their son—verbally. Jenny—Weel, John, he's sixteen now, an' it's time he was awa 1 tae something. What d'ye think we should mak' him ? John—'Deed, tto tell the troth, Jenny, I'm not very sure. He's no very gleg at the best, an' disna incline ta onything parte ekiar. Jenny—What d'ye Bay tae a shopkeeper ? There's gear in ia job o' that kind. John—Na, na, that'll no dae. He wants action. Forby, he has nae tarn fort aa wad never suit the public. Jenny—Weel a shoemaker ? John—That's pwer faushions. He has. neither skeel nor patience for that What think ye o' yin o' the lairnt profeshuns ? Jenny—No bad' ava. For inslans, a doctor? There's geenteelity an 1 bawbees there. \- • John—Oot o' the quaistin, ma £ wuman. • He hasna nerve. He couldnm liaunel & lance for the life o' him. Jenny—A dominie then. John—Far ower kittle ah occupashun. He wad get iriixt amang verbs and^adjec-™ teevB an' the younken wad fackls 'im. Jenny—Then I wad say" a lawyer. John—A lawyer, thedeii'si'the wtunan. He's nae mair heid for that than a pig has for pairin' "corns. It takes a clever chiel for a lawyer. Whaniver could he maister die wiles an' pranks o' leetigashnn ? The wnman's wud. Gin I get my wall he's be a meenister. Jenny—Faith, an* ye're mebbe no far wrang there, John. We hae twa h'unner by us noo, an' we might pit lil^i,. through, the College. John—Fine. It's an ieasy job. Onybody, can mak a Bermon noo-a-days. Theres nae muckle veesisin' needed. : An' look at the big dennera, and the waddiris an' die daiths he'll be invested tae. It disna need a great heid. I tell ye that's the ricbt ploy. Jenny. It'll lift as bnith into society.. Toe quote the words .o" the poet, say — , A meenister, a meenester's the thing ; • - Upo' the poopit a' oor hopes will hiagx ~ [In die language of die reporters, this " was unanimously agreed to."3 '' I PERCEIVE that John Bright has got another " bee in his bonnet." He has entertained quite « nnmber of these rather , curious entomological specimens in the aame receptacle in his chequered career. He now says that.Americans are English and should be called JSrigtishmen; .and, on the same principle, I suppose, all Australians are English, end should be called Englishmen, also. " Breathes there a man with sool s» dead, Who never to himself hath said:. ' This is my own, my.native land]!' But then: here's tbe hitch. ; A T&! American is a redskin—a member of 'the Lost Tribes of Israel (with Mr. Dodd's land permission); and a real, downright Aus- . tralian iB as black as the ace of spades I I THINK-it ..was Lord Palmerstoti xrho. gave the definition of dirt to be M t&Mtter; out of place." " I would not dike to assert that the Duke of Hamilton ^ ejdicl^1 * " dirt ;" but he is certainly iaalter out br place, according to the assures us that Me|Wb» is raising money by the sale'of tb^jns^lafi- *. cent Qanrfltan collecticHi) Texytxfjtil r in his youth. Gifted ytth?* •Mgnificgst ' v. phyoaue,Jxe was so a m to in-,- elicit from " N*t n tanghmithe obeerva-.. tion, "Wot, • ^jraibat bkke's • dfoki*^ He'd Uaveheea cbadypmofffitagkaS l"-^"*' As, tiiegieat sea-i toilers of the'sesj-i lace, even so'is She? 1 Iran nous source w«i|htioj "ftp t ... Australian dw^jeraiiv^fc^^ monBtierhas 'fae^, sjpi well as JW^j^qn,;, bal:iS|i)l:pM>£l*>vr r i who «een it &ne.;«s-«tubbom'«e.' ;^> '<^W^fWCnam£dDidymns.''-The apipbibioup (I;.don't j&ltade; tb-'Mftt 1 njoDBter,' thoogh)^ha6 noifM " " and.heijB is another of stated that fttl wfol and rttjlmgf * some w^ft^&ijftyfive; persons onSatnrday wit2i^;.<,! of.a telescope 3Veaoheqr fieedt land .from Seal Bock6." This is a telegram froitri Sydney, bat there is one element-of doubt about it which shakes my faith. This creature had to be viewed by five persons; with the. aid of atelescqp-. If they required snch aid, then it was utterly impossible they could hear a sound like a child crying ; telescopes do not generally conduct sound. Surely they inust have. "Been"the monster through a telephone! " EUREKA 1" cried Archimedes, as, jumping out of the bath when he had got an idea, he ran through the streets, having forgotten to drees himself. That is the reason why a certain style of shirts has been called " Eureka" to this day, on the principle of lucus <i non luceiulo. Archi medes had simply forgotten his shirt.' I, too, can cry Eureka!" I have just this moment solved an enigma that has been puzzling the brains of literati, and political economists, and antiquarians, and profound philosophers, and potboys for hundreds of years past. I mean the three golden balls, the mysterious escutcheon which hangs over the door of the Mont dc piete. Of course, nearly everyone always imagined that they were introduced from Lombardv —but why ? Here is the beginning of the solution :—For more than 200 years the grammarians have been disputing as to whether the word "bombard" is derived from the Latin " bowbu6," or whether " bombard" be not in reality " lombard." In a well-famed Spanish die tionary of the last century (M. de Sejournant's) I find " Lombards" described as ."a big gun or blunderbuss" (the Dutch donderbos"or "thunder-gun,"of which "our "blunderbuss" is a corruption), nn .ancient piece of artillery brought from Lombardy; and Mariana, in his history of Spain, speaking of the Assembly held at Toledo after the death of Kin;; Henry of Castile, in order to make preparations for carrying on the war against the Moors, mentions six great pieces, which we call "Lombardas"—it is thought from Lombardy, whence they were first brought into Spain. And now for the end of the solution. Shot and shell were piled in pyramids from the earliest dates of their use, and they are so piled to this day. The pawnbrokers 1 escutcheon then is only a pile of shot! 