ODDS AND ENDS 'Why did you not send for me sooner?' asked a doctor of a patient. 'Well, you seo, doctor, I couldn't mako up my mind to do any thing desperate.' A young dramatist shows an acquaintance through his gallery of family portraits. ' Lucky dogs, thoso ancestors of mine !' he obsorves, thoughtfully : 'I've made a name for them '' — French Paper. Ak American journal advertises thus :— ' Wanted, a modern young lady's forehead. Tho editor, not having Been one for several years, is willing to pay a fair price for a glimpse at tho genuine old article.' A Miller in Peru, Ind., fell asleep in his mill and bont forward till his hair got caught in some machinery and was yanked out ; and, of course, it awakened him, and his first bewildered exclama tion was— 'Durn it, wife, what's the matter now ?'— Boston Pott. An Irish coroner's jury roturned a verdict that the deceased came to his death from (exposure. ' What do you mean by that?' asked a relative of the dead man. ' There are two bullet-holes in his skull.' 'Jnstso,' replied tho coroner; 'he died from exposure to ballets.' PKOar Johnston (bargaining with a peddler for a pair of spectacles) : ' Na na ; tho'Il no dac.' Peddler (after, a dozen have proved un successful, hands her a pair without glasses). 'Trythae, ma woman.' Peggy. 'Now ye've ffttit me. Thao's the best specs ever aw had on.' -' A lady who had been travelling in Italy was asked by a friond how she liked Venice. ' Oh ! very much, indeed.' was the reply. 'I was un fortunate enough, however, to arrive there just at tho time of a flood, and we had to go about the streets in boats.' — Fticpcndc Jilatter. A VEItv lonuanimiR fmnnle wiim»-«r wiinm tlin opposing counsel could not silence, so far kopt him at bay that, by way of browbeating her, ho exclaimed, ' Why, woman, thero's brass enough in your face to make a kettle !' ' And sauco enough in yours,' sho inBtmtly rejoined, ' to fill TnK lecturer bogan : — ' Thore is a fortuno lying in wait — ' Up jumped a bullet-headed fellow in tho northeast corner to remark, ' Well, I guess you're 'bout right there, Mistor. Thero's Bill Jones, tho butcher. Three years ago he wasn't worth a dollar. He's got a fortin now. Got it,, as you say, by lying in weight.' Voluntekr Captain on horseback (acting as major first time, to troupe of ragamuffins running after him) : ' Now, then, what aro you boys staring at ! Did yon nevor see a war horse be fore? Boys (who had followed expecting a 'spill:') 'Ayo, we've seen a waur horse, but nevor a waur rider !' — Punch. Pleasant Physio. — Tom—' A fine dry sherry thish, olo mansh (hie) ; one glass guarantecsh cure an attack of worst indigestion at oncosh ; beautiful tonic' Fred — 'Do you frequently shuffer from indigostionsh, dear boy (hie) ?' Tom— 'My dear fellowsh, perfect martyr ; sbomtimsh mush as dozens of attacksh course of tho day.' — funny Folks. A Gentleuan was chiding his son for staying out late at night, and said : — ' Why, whon I was your ago my father would not allow me to go out of the house after dark.' ' Then you had a nico sort of a father, you had,' said the young pro fligate. Whereupon the father vory rashly voci ferated :— ' I had a confounded sight better one than you have, you young rascal !' Gettino on in the WoutD. — Journeyman Car penter : ' My wages aro bo Bmall and uncortain, Guv'nor, I shall leavo next week, and try and set up a little place of my own.' Master Car penter : 'As you like, Jim. I hope you'll get on ; hard work and patience will do anything. When I first came down hero, two years back, and started, I hadn't a ponny of my own, and see where I am now, all through my own exer tions.' J. C. : ' Whore aro yer?' M. C. : ' Three hundred and fifty pounds in dobt !' — Fun. Scholastic Method. — 'Lor, missus,' said an old darkey, 'whatmok yon pay money fur to send tho chile to school .? I got ono smart boy, Jonas, but I larns him myself.' ' But, aunt Charlotte,' replied tho lady, ' bow can you teach tho child whon you don't know one letter from another ?' ' How I teach him ?' said the old woman. 'I jis mole him tek do book an' set down on de flo', and don I Bay, ' Jonas, you tek ye eye from dat book, much less leggo him, an' I skins you alivo !' ' A obrtain Dr. Sayors, an army chaplain, was tho clergyman in chat go of tbo spiritual interests of the soldiers in Fort St. George, Madras, and housed to liko to tell ' Iub lads occasionally a piece of bis mind in the plainest terms from the pulpit. 8o ho closed up a sermon on ono occasion with tho following : — ' My brethren, this ib a charity sermon I'm preaching. I want rupees, mind you — I want rupees, and not dirty pioces of paper in tho bag, having written on thorn, '8ayors, old chap, how aro you?' I won't havo it, mind you, I won't. I'vo Btcod it long enough !' Anotubu Good Stout or Lincoln.— There is a Btory of Abraham Lincoln which may well be told and woll rcmomborcd by thoso who hoar. When ho was President tboro was a Senator of tbo Dnitod States distinguished as a moro expert office broker than any of his associates in Con gress, whom wo may call, for this occasion, Hon. Jeremiah Jones. Early and late, in season and out of season, whon the news from the front was most encouraging and when anxioty was hoaviest, tho Hon. Jcromiah was busily pushing ono fol lower into a post-office, and another into a custom house, making this man a messenger, that woman a floor scrubbor, building up everywhere tho power of tho lion. Jeroraiah ; hunting tbo do. partmonts, hunting tho President and secretaries, bawling for ' place, place, place,' as Patrick Henry's John Hook bawled for 'beef, beef, beof,' and ono day Mn Lincoln being asked by a friond to givo him the routine of his daily employment, complied, and, describing what be did during tho day, added : ' After all this comes night ana I must think of rest. I think of the bravo boys in tho Sold and on the sea, of tho aching hearts and praying lips at homo. I kneel down and pray, too. /Then I jump up, look under tho bed to see if Jerry is there, and, if not, thank God, and bounce in.' — George W. Curtiss Lecture at' Hartford. Printers' Mistakes.— A delicious piece of bamboozlomcnt was sorvod up to tho readers of a provincial paper the other day, dao in all pro bability to some wag of a sub-editor. The previous evening the reporter for the paper had to attend a meeting at a Wesleyan chapol, for tho conversion of tho Jews to Christanity ; after which ho reported an address given to tho local Society on tho Conversion of Sewago into Lime and Cement. In the compositor's hands, tho manuscript got mixed up, and the printed roport read as follows :— 'The chairman, after the meeting had been opened with prayer, cxplainod that tho conversion of the Jows was ono of the greatest works that could engage tho attention of our sanitary authorities. Filtration was the most perfect method that could bo adopted for purifica tion ; but a filter had its limits. There was a pop. ularnotion thatthosewagcoontained avast amount nf venn\t.\t ? Hnf, fVkn el u firm mnot lin 4nT.n-. —..*. _C it for purposes of irrigation, as it otherwise chokod the pores of the land : and they wore a wandering race, spread over the whole face of the habitable globe. They wers denied the inesti. mable blessings of Christianity, which might be counted by thousands of tons per year boing al lowed to run to waste,, wbon, by a judicious admixture of lime and clay, tho benighted Hebrews who sat in darkness might easily be con verted into lime and cement for building purposes ; and if thus deodorised, after being first dried and burned in a kiln, this ancient race would once more take its proud position among tho nations of the world. Supscriptions were earnestly soli cited for tho purpose, though he— tho speaker — disclaimed any idea of making a profit out of the process ; and in conclusion ho urged increasing efforts in the good work, showing that thus dead rised, by a very novel process of evangelisation in large tanks constructed for the purpose, the grateful Hebrows might ffow over tho land with ont injury to vegetation ; while the exuonse of conversion, wbicn was progressing as rapidly as the best fnends of Christanity could wish, would be moro than repaid by the sale of the pbosphato of lime and valuable cement for building purposes.' A Real Ghost.— Mr. A. J. Duffiold, of Belle Vuo House, Newlyn, Penzance, writes to the Spectator as follows : — ' If I were to toll you that I have seen and analysed the wators of a river which runs two degrees north of the Equator, and found in thoso waters 11 per cent, of sulphuric acid and 1J percent, of hydrochloric, I might cause soroo surprise, bnt littlo or no in credulity, oven if I were to add the littlo known fact that in that region of tho world thore is thrown away in twonty- four hours moro of thoso two acids than is artificially produced in Europe in a year. But if I tell you that I once saw, out side my fancy, a woman who was 2000 miles off attho time, 1 Bhall not only be generally disbe lieved, but laughed at as well. I have often told the story in private life, but not till now have I told it in print. Twenty-three years ago as I was looking out of the window of General Torico's rancho at Chorillos, 10 miles south of Lima, Peru, there passed by several ladies and gentlemen on horseback. A lady, whom I will call Mrs. Morona (tho Spanish rendering of a common English name), was one of the gay cavalcade. Sho was so beautiful that I havo remembered recall tbo Victoria Itegina, or tho yellow con volvulus, or the blue orchid, as when I first saw those beautiful flowers iu their native lands. I had never spoken with Mrs. Morena, or her husband, wh» accompanied her, and who was then on his way to Jauja, from tho United States, to get healed of consumption. Throo years ago, as one morning I lay musing in my bunk in a Cuiiard steamer crossing tho Atlantic in full daylight, and having my eyes wide opon, Mrs. Morena came into my cabin, and, to my sorrow, went out of it as quickly as sho came in. Thereupon I rose, bathed, dressed, and wont up to breaktast. It was late ; the saloon wan nearly deserted, and I found only two fellow-passengers talking together and eating ham and eggs. I nod nover seen either. The common name of Morena was mentioned between tho two, and I, being full of my vision, remarked, at a vonturo to him who sat next to mo, ' Mrs. Morena is moro plump than sho was twenty years ago.' My neighbor turned on mo a quiot look of inquiring surprise. Putting his hand into the breast-pocket of his coat, he drew out one of thoBO cxcellont photographs for which some Amorican photographers are so celobratod. ' Is that the lady yon mean?' he gently domandod, and I answered. ' Cortainly, and you boo she is rather stouter. 'Whon did youseohor last?' was the next question ; and I answorod, 'This morning.' Tho gentleman with tho photograph was Mr. Morona, tho husband of my beautiful lady. We becann friends, we had many social yarns together ; ho told me of his residence in Jauja, of the complete euro of his lungs, tho num ber of his children and many moro dear, delight ful, household things, in which I had no intorest. Ho invited mo to his house. On our arrival at New York, Morena telegraphed to his wife, who replied, whilst ho waited in the telegraph office, that they wero all quite woll at home. Nothing happened. I bad not, to my recollection, thought of tho Morenos for years before. Is it vory difficult to understand, when two or threo are mot together under certain given circumstances, that u real presence may be vouchsafed to each ?' 