NEWS AND NOTES. In another column will be found an account, from our own correspondent, of a scene which took place in the Assembly last night, during the debate on Mr Francis' amendment. Up to adatahour last night;no traaes t p{ the would-be gold robbers bad been„• disepyarad. The detectives - arer not jvery. sanguine.-with regard to their chances.of tbe, discovery,of the burglars at the Egerton mine. There are many \- things,which militated against the operations' of< the detectives, not the least i>f which was the eSacement by tbs feet of the' excited crowd of all footprints in Abe vicinity of the mine.’ It may be of interest to mention that when. Mr Williams, “the boss of the shift,” was in the office marking; down the men’s time be; heard something fall to the floor in tho room' in which the box of gold was. stored,.but: it did nat'jstrike-. him Apr- one.. moment that anything was amiss. ' It has been 'stated that, the box of specimens was removed by an organised gang of thieves, who were strangers in tbs’district. This is regarded 'an erro neous idea, as no strangers couldln the-''dark ness go direct to the office where tbs box of specimens was hidden, and carry it off without making a noise.' Anumberof expert detectives have been consulted regarding the attempted robbery, andaU.inclinoto the belief, that the act was committed by some person residing in the neighbourhood. The Ballaral pPlice know ' for a fact ■ that, all, the local light-fingered. gentry were’in. town bii Saturdayand night. ■ Ploughing has not yet been. finished in the Bungaree district. A good deal of the land is, ; however, ready to receive the seed. The farmers in Bungaree appear to be very much dejected on account of the'' poor potato yield this season. In numerous instances the return baa not reached two tons per acre. Only.a few loads of potatoes have as yet.been carted into Ballarat; but when the fine weather sots in, it is expected that large.-'quantities will be' delivered to the order ,of . Ballarat and other’ dealers,. ' yesterday was the 44th anniversary of the ' accession'-to'the: throne: of Great Britain of. Her Majesty Q ieen Victoria. The day war not observed in any way aa a . holiday, and, in ' Bsllsrat,' passed r over without any ; formal''; notice being . taken of it, with the exception that divine service ;wae held in some of the churches.'. ■ ’ • . ■ • „ A gentleman who recently arrived' from England in one of the Orient line of steamers states that when en 1 route to Australia by way of theSueijCsoal, the hostility, of the native fpopiiiatiob of .Port; Said' towards the European residents was moat marked. da one occasion, durioga brief stay of; about two days at the .por^Vhe.^in'compaD^^ passengers, was walking through - tbie'atfeete Pf the busy man in question, .when theparty was attseked: by over, a doxeu' Atabej' who madeasthoughtheywonldbaiaann tb* slewed a hold fruMt, which liaaaed b*ae**asA.',tQ_ retreat. Oai'sinformjart •fdara that the European ieaUeate o|tgjpt '•re gresttylo bU'mofor thereeent outbreak in Alexandria, Wauoh- would probably not] bays occurred;-had theyworked.in unison, instead Of t(is different narionalitisebeiDg atdiggera -drawn with wqh' btbbr, aevije the'ou<h> A practical joke of an extremely reprehen sible character appears to bare been committed daring the past few days on a lad named Olaasea, who', atthetime was delivering;the morning newspapers near Alfredton.: The . unfortunate boy. it is said; bad been frightened ! by-a.. “ ghost’’- that perambulatesthe! neigh*, bourbood in thq groy dawn. and ho has in conseqoenoe. become demented, so that he is -obliged- to-be oonfioed to bed, • ..i \- ■ A good deal: has' been' said < about the rich-, ness of ' the ‘ Bungaree district, 1 and ’ of the) immense revenue wbichis annually {derived > bom the! ratable property, Ac., within . the bqundarieebf' fheshires, and notwithstanding theprosperbus condition'.of affaire, the revenue .appears to be absorbed in some channel or Other, 1 probably in improving : the roads.'and in .'consequence the representative* of this large, district,have been, unable_to erect a respectable shite .hall, and -without] doubt.the present hall is about ,thpmost r nnpretentious< looking.building of its .kind .in' the cplonyi Viewed.: from. the outside,' the structure is anythiug b it slriking, While a glanco..at the interior, is.;calculated to: convince a stranger tbst'’tbe shire magnates'are'in a state’border ing on.' insolvency. It was intended aomotima hack'to .makes. few. important additions,: to tbs Shire ball,, but the approach ml l Winterand the bad state of the roads had the effect of frightening the represantatives iof,, therate payers, and i t was eventually decided- to;tpe_nd all the spare cash in macadamising the - prin cipal thoroughfares. ” • .The following comes from AdelaideAt a recent meeting of the' Salvation Army. one bf the warriore addressed the'’crowd ini this way:j-i “ Frisndaj loOk at' me; three months; ago 1 was is drunken fool without a pebnyin my pocket! I joined l'faave money io my pocket and'soma-'-good roast beet for dinner tomorrow. • 1 Friends, three months ago I was- hot married, bat now, thanks' to the Army, I have'spies'little wife and thres chib dren. ■' Friends, jda'tfaearmy!’’ " -- j Cr Tree,.of the Bungareeshire .Council,,doee .hot intend to Seek re-election when'-hiaipreeent term of . office. expiree. Mr; Tree, who is an .energetic!representative, will be:much trussed from the council table. . • - - . ; r A little boy running Up the' Mainroid and exclaiming, “ There is aotnepne getting mur dered down there,"' created ' no' email amount of alarm in the neighbourhood of‘the Exhibi itioh- Mart'yesterday- afternoon. - A few 'ini dividual? who heard the' youngster,''a exclama tiouhurried down the ro-<d mentioned, and when the corner of Barkly street bad been reached, loud groans were heard in the vicinity of fheEisteru lock-up. Many of the neighi hours also became alarmed at the mournful sounds, and not a few were of the opinion that' some terrible accident had occurred atone of the adjacent mines. Some tender-hearted females in the direction from which the noise proceeded were successful in discovering tbe.osnse of the lamentations, Ae'the - terrified Ud aaid, murder was being committed, but tt was confined to quadrupeds-in-the shape of about seven or eight goats, who were Immured near the Town police station." John Westwood, the City ranger, was the murderer. Like the “ Bansha Peeler,’’ be caughtabout half a dozen of the pets by the “ wizen 0,” and in a very few minutes life was extinct. The goats bad been found about- tbs streets by : .the ; City ranger. Some days back there were over 16 milkers in the pound-close to the Eastern lock-up. ; The' sutn of £2[6a 7d Was received by the head teacher of the Scandals State school, from the children and forwarded to the sec retary of the' Mansion' Housa'Fund, in aid of the suffering Jews of Russia. \--Yeeterday-being- the -anniversary of -the Queen's accession to the throne the service appointed for the day by the Anglican Church was used inSr. Stephen’s Church, Clayton Hill, The evening' prayer and litany were intoned by the deacon id charge, and the ieervlce was fully choral. The church was Well filled, aud s.gener'al. desire.was expressed that intoned, and choral services’might be more frequent. A sermon - was preached from 1, Timothy in; 1 and 2,'the’opening words of the “Accession Service.”.. The choir, numbering some 20 .voices, rendered the musical, portion of the service with.much precision and (good effect. ' . An old man named Edwin Coulter died on Saturday :night at ,his: residence near the: Cattle yards', Ballarat / West, under circum stances peculiarly - painful to. bis-wife and children; The latter have,' it appears, ; been left totally destitute, and it’is said that for weeks-ptiur to CouUer’e ( deceaee the family bad. been in almost aatarvjtfg condition.'' ' ". We learn that Mr-W. Blandford, who had been connected .with the local Post and.Tele graph Office for about'22 years, TSaves Ballarat for Melbourne’on-or about the 27th iu-t. for the bead .office. ' The change has been made in reference 1 to' Mr Blandford'a expressed wish, the climate here not. being suitable lor bis health.' " ' The .following is-'.the record-.of the work done by .the various diamond drills'durioglost week:—The No. 4 drill at Clover Hill bored , 74 feet r 6 inches, reaching a total depth of 293 feet . One diamond was lost::; The Noi 1 small drill - at- the 'New Albion Company, Stawali; bored 71 feet, -reaching ‘a-total depth ; of 222 feet. The No. 6 drill at the Hepburn Estate bored 5 feat 10 inches, through very bard blue rock; total depth of-bore 51 feet 10 inches. Four diamonds were fractured on tha',l2th.instant, and. five on, .thsHth instant The No. 7 large drill at the Berry Consols Extended Company,-Alland'sls, bored 111 feet during the week; total depth, 119 feet 5 inches. One diamond was fractured.. ThaNo. 2 small drill at the Gladstone Company, Smeaton, bored 27 feet; total depth, 41 feet r ;. The. recent .-heavy rains haye. readere.d; the roads In tbe Bungaree district almost im passable. Beyond -: the Bungaree Council Chambers, on the main road, many quagmires exist,' and it is W. uncommon thing to'see two or three drays bogged in the mud. The mem bers of tbe Bungatsesbire Council are painfully aware of the bad stats of the roads, and, as will be seen by a report elsewhere, they have drawn - up a list of the .plain .thoroughfares requiring' repairs, towards ' the ’ cost of which it is ex-! pected tbe Government will devote a portion. of the special vote. ... . , . The concert at the Mechanics’ on Friday, is to he a pleasantly diversified one. In addition. to. the -readings, and songs .there are. to be several choruses rendered. These were re hearsed last evening, and from a musicalpomt of view they were admirable, while an amount of' spirit was infused iota them, which' would have, roused a Scotchman to enthusiasm and irresistibly carried him .back to" the days.!of “ Auld Lang Syne,’’ -■ ' . In order, ,!to‘ enable Mr!J.’ W. Kail’e friends to attend the lecture of the School of-Mines -this evening they will meet at Craig’s hotel at 7 o’clock instead of 8, as advertised. ’ A- workbasket- gathering v was held, at St, Paul’s parsonage, Victoria street, yesterday,/ and about 16 ladies who attended spent a' pleasant afternoon in making various srticles, the proceeds of which will be devoted towards. : tbe-renovation 'of. Sb. Paul’s Church of Eng land, Ballarat Eaat, r' i Tbe grand newi.opera “ Miguon,” will be re produced for tbe last time at the Academy of Music to-night by the Uontague-Turner ,Com pany. After its excellent rendering on Satur day evening we have no doubt but that the .interior of. the building will be crowded, to excess to-night by an.appreciative and entbii-- siastio audience. The arrangements made by Signor D. de Vivo are each that tbe stay of the company in Ballarat cannot possibly be prolonged beyond the end of the present week.; Under these circumstances it is impossible for “Migooa" to .be again presented to a Ballarat audience, : We lesro thst for to night a' large number of seats’iu the dreas circle have already been reserved,.so that early application to-day will be necessary to assure a good seat. ;. , v: A-meeting of-master hsirdreseera wpa held last night at the Bucks Head hotel to consider tho 'advisability of a weekly, half holiday for the trade. ' A good number of .les'ding trades-! {men were present,, and others, eeut apologies for : non-attendance.’ ;Ths matter ass discussed at some lengtb. apd; ultimately it .was .resolved-' to recommend Thursday sfternoon ss the most suitable; time for the half-holiday. It is thought thst'the day selected wilibe fche m'oet satisfactory one . for customers, aud with that idea •'deputation: will wait upon tbe varioos other.hairdressers, in Ballarat this morning for the purpose of. obtaining their.consent to the, !prbpoaal.! The meeting’ wsa! adjourned till next Friday night, and a vote of tbsnki to the chairman terminated tbe proceedings. ' ; A social gathering (in' {connection: with' 'the Ballarat Fire Brigade will be held on Thursday night'next, at the hall; ‘Barkly street, A limited number of outside tickcts h'ave been isaued, and jt ik .snliqipaWd thst; a pleasant evening will ke epent. Occasion will ba taken tovth».r*cre«otatlvm,wbb-Wan Unafat the Brigade*’ Dsmoorteaßon in Mel bourne..-'' 'c|S. 'OuradTertuiDg.colu'mni conlsdu the »n -nqunceinent tbit the-Land. Credit Back of Australasia, limited.ia enlarging ita capital, .Mine to increasing business. -A-further isane •of ,12.600'shares of.£s each is' jint-upon the market, x a small number" of .whioßjare appor tioned to this market. The share Hst.will be closed on 80th iost. Applicationa'dre to be sent: fnto' the: bank’s?Ballarat broker, Ur William Litrle.Lydiardstreet. - "T Ueasra Arthur Harris and O. H. Clarke were the on); candidates nominated to fill the two vacancies: in tbeßuntoyong Board otAdvice, and accordingly /thee gentlomennn question -were-elected; —— -- Our Smythesdsle correspondent writes “ The hearing of the, case Morrissey v Bryant—tor alleged perjury, came on for hearing on Tuesday before Ur Thomson, P.U., and Messrs Lynch and Procter, J’s P.j and as was generally anticipated came to grief. Morriaay bad four witnesses in court, but two only—one being his own son —were examined, but their testimony threw little or no light on the subject, and failed completely to sheet home the charge of perjury against Bryant. Hr Gaunt defended Bryant with bis usual whikt, Mprrieay conducted bis -own oaVe/aodproved iocontestably'tbat he bad a fool for his client.’’ The secretary for ’the Buninyong Fire Brigade informs ns that; one/of Uerryweatber’s best fire engines for 16 men was ordered through^.Messrs, MTS wan and ,Cos. by the out going msil-on -Monday,- and-that hiss'-and extras sufficient were included in the order. It behoves the officers cOf the brigade to be active In obtaining money to pay for the same. \ Wer learn that the authorship af'the volume of poems entitled “ The- Casket of Gama" has heea. claimed i byapersom iveryi different' from tbe lady who uses the non deplume of “ Mona Marie.’’To set all doubts at rest, if any doubts really exist,-'wa may'etato that ths real name of the author of these poems,.which we hear are selling rapidly, is Mrs Bones. ;■ At.the Town -Court: ..this morning, a woman named Blixahettr Hinton - was -charged: with ; atealiog an Overcoat valued at £3;’the property .of Walter Henry Allen, 1 a clerk in the , Savings Bank.- - Tha irticlo in question was stolen,from the Bank passage’ on the 16th instant. Prisoner, was airriested'ou Uonday by Constable Teyloir is* she : was trying to pawn it in Ballarat Bast,- She was remanded - nntil to-morrow. Ur Turpio was the adjudicating magistrate,. \- The concert mentioned’ last week as having taken; place in connection with the Holy Trinity Church at Sebastopol, .was heid .at a church of the same- name in another locality, ; The travellicg reporter of theißcndigo Ad vertiser writes:—’ 11 Considerable. ..interest has been created by tbe report last week of your. Wedderburn correspondent -that a nugget weighing nearly a pound bad been dis covered a abort distance from-, the Charlton line by one of tbe . railway employees, an old resident .of Boort, . named Donald M’Lean, and a -large.'number of .miners have assembled ;in the locality ■ and com menced working - claims, some, coming ' from distant parts of tbe colony.' It appears, that the lucky finder was digging a post-hole for hiS tent, and, when be. had. reached about a foot down : he; came on some granite; be left the spot, as,tha sinking was too. hard, and sunk , another hole. 'Here he cameoa more piecea of graqitej .which Be levered out with'a crowbar, and shovelled: them out. Amongst tbeaa.as -they lay on the surface he found tbs nugget. Tbe gold and ground'are very' similar to that of the Berlin diggings, there being no wash. About 40 boles have been sunk, bat nothing more than a speck, has been obtained besides M’Leah’a nugget still a number of men con tinue at work. M’Lean’s mate is named Henry Smith, at present ’a selector in the Boort district, and formerly a -.resident of Inglewood. ' ■ ~,' A telegram from;. New,Gisborne oh Monday,' publisbediu yesterday’s Argot, aaye:—“ The -railway, stationmaatsr at New Gisborne,Mr Wo, M'Elwee, was yesterday afternoon found lying in bis room.in an unconscious state, having bean-seised, with apoplexy. Medical aid was at once summoned. M’Elwee died at B'o’clock'last night.’’ i . '’ : 'V. The iauncuton Examiner of the 17th mat. says that a general fall, of snow occurred in Tasmania last Friday, The . storm at Hobart is thus described;— *’Late last night a little fina anow was .falling, -but it quickly melted, and though mora fell duriog tha night little remained at dawn this.morning;‘but,just after daylight it : Was falling thickly. and tbp-, .flakes, too, were .of an. unusually large siaa. ln a \- abort timotbe streets and roofs of the hooeeS \- were covered to a : depth of nearly 2 inches in the'centre of the town; but iq’ thn. Suburbs, in some parts, it was 4 inches or 5 inches , deep. ■TheVsur rounding bills were'. also- thickly covered, though tbe hilts sndmountaina ini the distance did not appear to have so much.’’ ! Yesterday's Telegraph says :—“ Arthur J. Ickp, .the- absconding . postmaster' from Bald-' winsyille, was on Sunday evening arrested by Constable: Webb at’Broadfordj :>,Ho will fan taken - beforo the. Kilmore bench ioh Wednes day (to-day); charged, with embezzling moneys belonging tothoPoatmaster-Qaneral.”;, Writing under the beading “ A Muscular Christian Era,” tb e Samiltcn SpeUaitr “ Flags were seen flying half-mast high at Wagga Wagga after the receipt of the .intelli gence announcing'the de'ath oEHanlan, the champion eouller. It is abont 1 Lombard street 1 to a:China orange’ that no such aiguS-'of respect were 'shown when ' the *deaths of Disraeli, Longfellow, Carlyle, or other intellect' tual giSuts were reported, as it is the taste of tbe age to respect muscles more than brains'. Thia is plainly ~ shown 'by the expense now I being gone, to; in order to'meet the public requirements; in getting full telegrams respect ing the doings of eleven,’young; cricketers. Almost any.person you meet can'tell you ail about Murdoch, Hassle, Bunnor, and Cos., and -compared, .with the scores, the vastly more .'im portant events now occurring in. Egypt arb ignored;”' .. ■■ Yesterday’s Age Bays;—"Ho replies, have yet -been received from Meaars -Alley and Blaokett' and Dr-Williams, -who'were-nomi> •hated as a board, to .'enquire, into.' the case ,of Miss' Southoh, : &s-to.whether; they will set- Or not; buta refusal from’- any of the-gentlemen' -la not anticipated. ‘ The’ boird witl have power - !to enquire’.into the yaljdity of the claims. for' compensation advanced by Mist Southon, as well -aa- the of improper treatment' pgamat.tho medirel authqritiSa.’V; t } : I; ; New--South' Wales : haa (the’ Sydney Echo States). 130,000 'free selections, representing,' according to. Sir John -Kober'tsoo, agricnltural: \- settlement.-; As the population is. under. 800,000, a farm for every aix people' onghfc to keep ue very fairly adpplied with all kinds of “corn, wine, oil,’’ vegetables, fruit, and other country produce; but We not only ctnSume ail. we grow ourselves, but ’get one- third of our flour from Adelaide, about half our fruit'from Tasmania and Queensland, and no w large shipments of grain are on the why to Sydney .from San Francisco and Kew,Zealand. . We have thousands' of- "farmers," : according tb the. census.. How do they spend their' .time,? ... . \ Mr James Mirams, M.L.A., chairman of the Royal CommiaaiOn on the Tariff, baa (saya tbe' Ayeladdresaed a letter to the Commissioner of Customs, pointing but '.that the r Victorian malaters should be entitled to a drawback on ail malted barleyon which a duty has in the first instance been paid. A drawback is allowed on all, articles, manufactured in the colony from imported 'materials on which duty has been paid; and Mr Mirains points out.that under section 11. of the- Drawbacks Act 'the Governor in may grant similar,'.relief; to malatera .and so - dispose of the malting in bond question. -’ - >’ ' - ’ ■’ -• ,< j 