[?] RELIGION V. THE POPE'S POLITICO- ' EOCLESIASTIGISM. To the JEditors of the Protestant Standard.) Sms.-!— Christ seems to have abolished a system of priestcraft, and to have constituted what arc now culled laymen to be a, priesthood unto them, selves. Peter, says , to the strangers scattered throughout Pontiis, Galatia, Cappndocia, lAsia,. and Bythinin,'"To are a royal priesthood," ;(1 Peter ii. 9) J observe " royal " is the term:; and. pirevious to that ho had said (v. 5) " ye are built np,'.an hply priesthood, to offer up spiritual sacri fices acceptable to God by Jesiis Ghrisf'.'.' Surely, . when we find St. Peter thus writing, we may be > confident that. there is something extremely crooked about that claim; of power, by a priest hood which professes : to be descended in li true and straight apostolio genealogy from this very, man. It is but a friendly suggestion to those who are members of the Pope's politico-ecclesiastioal society to say, '' Had you not better go to the fountain head of all Christianity, and reverently submit to Christ Himself, according to the direc-, tions of the Apostle Peter, than allow yourselves to be trampled upon by men who blasphemously , assume the power by the breath of their mouths to create God out of a wafer! arid who assume powers for which they have not a tittle of evidence - to show that they possess." , , Religion is the distinguishing eharacteristic of man. Itisahuman necessity. But is the Pope's ecclosiastico-political society a necessity P 'What needhas any Christian for a priest, sinceChrist has been" once offered to bear the sins of many" ? (Heb. ix. 28) and, as was said above, when all Christians are priests to offer up spiritual sacrifices. And what right have priests Avhd are unneces-. sary for religion, to interfere witli' the civil i-ights of the citizens of a free country like this, or indeed any country? Christ taught self-sacrifice as the distinguishing badge of His disciples. /These modern priestly scribes and pharisees, instead of splf-sacriflco would sacriiice their flocks body and soul for their own aggrandisement,' and that of their chief, the so-called Yicur of the : crucified One. ; It is wonderful that these Romish sacerdotalists ; do not see the likeness between themselves arid those priests at Jerusalem whom Jesus condemned so severely. Perhaps they . do see themselves thus condemned, and laugh at the likeness." " There came a certain priest that way (Luke i. 5.) And/who condemned tlio Christ himself ? " Then assembled together the chief priests and the ' Bcribes, and consulted that they might take Jeslis by subtilty and kill Him." (Matt. xxvi. 3, 4.) How.like inquisitors, or jesuits ! Take Him by subtilty and kill Him. The modern specimens say "without shedding of hlood " — i.e., kill- Him' by fire. The founder of the Christian religion said, " Comb unto me all ye that labour and are heavy . laden; and! will give you rest;" but this Pope's , ecolesiastico- political society says, " Take yoiir children from those schools, or they shall have none of the blessing of Him so far as wo can pre vent it by a refusal of the sacraments." If any sort of consistency wore to be oxpeoCed of this subtle ecclosiustico-political foreign society, we should look forward to n secession of 'tho edu- cated part of the lay-members of this society, on account of all the children attending public schools, together with their parents, and all the teachers of the same society being excommunicated. An Australian Church of Christ might thus bo constructed on " the foundation of the apostles and prophets, Christ Jesus himself being the chief corner-stone." (To the Ephosians ii. 20.) Such a secession has happened elsewhere, why notin New South Wales and all the other Australian Colonies? Pere Hyacyntho has shown/ how it can be done in franco, and others in America. ' Can no one be found in Australia to show bur follow- citizens here how to, throw ' off this in tolerable yoke of sacerdotal usurpation ? "' Ecclesiastical control of educatipri,' which used to bo universali'is now becoming; of ho account, and the priest is told.in almost every arrondisse- ment of Pains/that his presence is 'no, longer to be tolerated in " the family, . the 'school, or in any public function outside"bf th'o church.'! Fort-, nightly JJeiiieio.) ' They are also to be taught , "that it I is riccessn'ry to render unto ' Coosar the., things that are Caisar's, ;and -that every thing is ; Ctesor's." . ! i ,. .. ; ; Here -we have a complete inversion of the or dinary fact..; Instead.ofithe .ecclesiastic' teaching " these, sayings of mine" (i.e., Christie)' to the l laity, we have political laymen quoting the highest \- religious authority against the Pope's ecclesiastico- \- political priest. , This Pope's society professes to bring salvation from Hela's penal fires; but the highest religious authority says, ' " the Grace of God bringeth sal-' vatiori, and hath appeared unto all men, instruct ing/us;' to' the! intent that, 'denying: ungodliness and worldly lusts, wo: 8hould"livo soberly /andl righteously and godly in'! this present age ;- lookirig for : the blessc'd' Hope and! appearing of the glory of our. great 'God innd. Saviour Jesus. Christ ; who gave hinisolf for.us, that he might redeem us from .all iniquity, and purify unto hinisolf a people for his ' own possbssibri, 'zealous ' of good works. . Epistle of Paul to Titus ii. 11-14.) ' ' King Charles Ilv was told'by a faithful discinlo /'6f Christ, that the best remedy, for evil was " the Light of Christ which shirieth- in the iconscienco." This Charles, howevoiy OS well as his brother wore overruled by. theso samp ' Pope's sacerdotal emis saries, who prevailed upon them to depend upon .the saving /power of the false symbolism "hoc corpus meum est." / ' ; . Religion says that " the fear of the, Lord is the / beginning of wisdom," and that truth is made . obscure and mysterious by the school-divinity of the worldly-wise man. / It says also that " happiness is placed in the . triie knowledge, of God," as, " This is life eternal, to know the true God and Jesus Christ whom he hath sbrit,'J (Gospel of St. John xvii. 3); and that the' _Holy '' Ghost testifies to the candid honest seeker after truth, that this " knowledge/of God V is heart knowlodge of the " Beloved Son.'' " No man knovvbth the Father but .the Son,. and ho to whom the : Son revealeth Him.", (Matt. xi. 27.) . But the ecclesiasticq-politioal society of the Pope says; " No, :you laymen have nothing to ; do with the knowledge of God ; that is pur province of the field, of intolligoncc ; it is your business to do as we tell you ; obedience to us is your chief end. Religion says that as by the Spirit of God the physical chaos of tho,wprld was changed into the Cosmos of our present, globe, so by the same Spirit is the physical chaos of the human micro cosm changed into a beuiitiful order of spirituality — a moral and ethical Cosmos, by which the ' spirit of mail' is raised from " Nature up to Nature's God; from a stateof rebellion to a state of orderly rind hrirmoriious " working together with ' God." (2 Cor. vh 1:) But the Pope's society arrogates to itsolf not only. at. Rome, which would be bad enough, but in every :part of the earth ! where, a priest makes his appearance, all the 'benefits conferred by. the Spirit of God on those 'who;accept the Pentecostal gift ; and 'wo laymen are .to be content, with tlie. prunibs of spiritual .blessing which the Pope's ccclbsiastico-political proprigandistS;in their charity find it converiierit .to bestbw/fbr a pro 2«o of pecuniary mam- iriori. They arrest tlie.flow of God's bounty to the race, and monopolise it for. the purpose of gaining worldly pelf arid power, which they acquire by the distribution of something, which, if they have it, costs them nothing, any more tlian the light of the sun or the oxygon of the air. Not thus does God deal with his creatures. . ,Ho niaketh thosun to rise on the evil and on the good, and scndeth rain on the just and the urijiist." This is one of the sayings of Jesus Christ Himself, as recorded iii the Gospel acbording to St. Matthew v. 45, and that chapter concludes with these.ever-memorable words "Ye therefore shall be perfect, as your . heavenly Father is perfect." (v. 48.) T am, &c.; , : , CHRISTIANHS! 