PROFESSOR DENTON'S LECTURES. TO THE EDITOB OF THE MERCWT. SIR,-It is with some hesitation that I venture to write concerning scientific lectures, even -though I have no intention of entering upon the subject matter itself. From this feeling I have delayed, but the thought that some who have the ability may be brought to give evidenoe in the cause of truths which have received a side thrust induces me to take pen in hand. That to which I ask attention is the lecturer's theory in regard to a subject which is not neces- sarily connected with the revelations of geology, in order to point to several scientific authors whose views are not in unison with those of Pro- fessor Denton. Yet first, it is but right to say that I have heard only commendations with regard to the lectures themselves, appreciation of the lecturer's clearness of expression, and of his various expedients to relieve the attention from the strain that is generally demanded in lectures of the kind. Words of disapproval there were, but these because the lecturer to his interesting exposition of tho history of the earth, plants, and animals "as geology reveals it," attached a theory concerning man's spiritual life, as a government attempts to force some pet legislation by tacking it to an Ap- propriation Bill. In doing this the lecturer, on account of the wider field thus opened, was obliged to do that which scientists have complained of in many religious teachers, who cast aside that which was not in accordance with their own views, without any pains to give due respeot to years of patient study and investigation. " Whatsoever ye would that men should do to you do you even so to them," is a maxim that ought to find a place in every school of thought. It is doubtless a sign of advanoe in man's history when man " may speak the things he will ;" but this is the age of mammoths com- pared with the age of "living, thinking, feeling man," when the golden rule will be triumphant. Professor Denton, to prove tho gradual increase in the intelligence of the human race, brought language to his aid. But whatever the verdict may be in this respect, tho lecturer's statement that there has been no fall and a rising again, as regards man's higher life, is not borne out by the conclusions of other investigators in this field. Dr. Trench, on the "Study of Words," pp. 15 and 16, says that in the languages of savages we, on close inspeotion, see the remnant and ruin of a nobler past. A remarkable instance Dr. Moffat gives :-Tho Bechuanas, a Caffir tribe, formerly employed the word "Morimo" to designate Him that is above, or Him that is in heaven, and attached to this word the notion of a supreme being. This word, with the spiritual idea connected with it, Dr. Moffat found to have vanished from the present generation. It had sur- vived to about half a century previously, but only in the spells of the " rainmakers," who used it to designate a fabulous ghost. Again, in the very interesting lecture on the Egyptians, Professor Denton gave evidences of their remarkable skill in the arts and sciences during the dynasty of tho Rameses ; and yet, if I mistake not, the religion of the time was almost wholly materialistic—at all events, there was very little left of original purity. " The religion of Egypt, in original conception, was pure monotheism, a monotheism of the most refined character."-" Egyptian Obelisks," by W. R. Cooper, p. 4. Does not tho history of the Greeks and Romans furnish similar instances of a growth in tho arts and sciences, side by side with a gradual degradation as regards religious thought and ceremony ? Turning to the Hindoos, can it be said that in their centuries of civilisation there has been a gradual improvement in respect to the religious creed ? I, with many others, am glad to have had the opportunity of hearing Professor Dcnton's lectures, and wish the monetary returns had been better ; but it is to be regretted that a representative of science, having obtained freedom of speech and a courteous hearing, should go beyond physical science, unless there is the opportunity to give a respectful consideration to the evidences of Christianity, and to the life work of many earnest men. To appropriate the results of scientific discovery to establish a particular form of belief, leaving out of sight the opinions of men who are entitled to a hearing, is not generous ; and I have written this letter to point to one or two thinking men who have arrived at a different conclusion. Let not say " be quickly shaken from their mind, nor yet be troubled either by word or by spirit." Christianity has been assailed ever since it was first preached (in the apostles' days the faith of some was overthrown by divers and strange teachings) ; and though in the present day there are attacks from all sides, it may be doubted if Christianity was ever more firmly rooted in the hearts of mankind than it is now. There are sufficient evidences to those who will look into them ; but all can have the evidence whioh there is in the fruits of Christianity, as shown in the lives of good men. These are " the footprints on the sands of time " which many a brother, tossed to and fro by every wind of doctrine, " seeing may take heart again. I will conclude with an extract from the " War- fare of Science," by Dr. White, of Cornell Univer- sity, introduction by Professor Tyndale :—"No one needs fear the result, no matter whether science shall complete her demonstration that man has been on this earth not merely six thousand years or six millions of years ; no matter whether she reveals new ideas of the Creator, or startling relations between His creatures ; no matter how many more gyves and clamps upon the spirit of Christianity she destroys ; the result, when fully thought out, will serve to strengthen religion not less than science." " What Christianity can do for the world is shown, not by men who have stood on the high places screaming in wrath at the advance of science ; not by men who have retreated in terror into the sacred caves and refused to look out upon the universe as it is ; but by men who have preached and practised tho righteousness of the prophets, and the aspirations of the Psalmist, and the blessed Sermon on the Mount, and the ' first and great commandment, and the second which is like unto it,' and the ' apostle James's definition of 'pure religion and undefiled.' Let the warfare of science then be changed. Let it be a warfare in which religion and science shall stand together as allies, not against each other as enemies. Let the fight be for truth of every kind against falsehood'of every kind; for justice against injustice ; for right against wrong ; for the living kernel of religion, rather than the dead and dried husks of sect and dogma ; and the great powers, whose warfare has brought so many suffer- ings, shall at last join in ministering through earth God's richest blessings.' '-Yours, etc., J. FRANCIS MATHER. 