MR. BIXBY'S BATHING SUIT. BY MARY KYLE DALLAS. Mr. Bixby's bathing suit certainly was a very, handsome bathing suit, and Mr. Bixby, being a very handsome man, looked, well in it. It sometimes, occured to Mrs. Bixby that she would be quite as well pleased if this were not so, and if she did not so often H^r of lis fig 1 ; uring in!the crowdof jjfcffifaLAhp played the mermaid at Splashtown beach, morning and afternoon. Mrs. Bixby^wa^irore ^he was not so fond of daoBng Ker,aa3ez tire, waves. On Hose rare oocaaions wheh she 'did, '' go in," he^ allowed her to boV,up'~and down, clinching at the rope for a while, and then asked her, very curtly, i!she " wasn't tired of it?" She generally uuu to tell the truth. Under snoh circumstances who would not lave been? MrSixby was one of those beauty-men who generally snub. their female, relatives, and keep their charms for; society; bu|i, besides this, he bore his wife' a particular 'rgrudge: She w£s the niece of seven very old aunts and uncles, all immensely rich, and all '* very fond of Matilda." But perhaps they were not as fond of Matilda's husband, for since their maraiage, six of tiem had died! without leaving her a penny. . With each demise Mr. Bixby grew less affectionate. " He married me for 'my expectations, no doubt," poor Matilda thought to herself, as she regarded in the mirror, a countenance that lad no particularly fine features; and she,,too, thought of the thousands that might have been hers, if she had married some one more agreeable to her family. She Baton the jiorch alone, this pleasant July day, after Mr. Bixby had gone gallantly away seaward, witb |tiie little waterproof eatohel in -which he carried lis bathing^suit, and Turkish towels," and thought bf many things, and fell into such a deep brown study, that when some one addressed her with: " Your letters, Mrs. Bixby," she started, and gave a little cry. , "Did I frighten you?" said the. voice of a fellow-boarder. "I didn't know you were nervous. I am dreadfully, but you are always so composed. It is only to give you your letters. I , brought them from tile office." Thank you," said Mrs. Bixby. " I think I must have been asleep," and as the other lady passed on, she turned the missives over in her lap. There ware five of them; one, a letter with a blaok seal, Mrs. Bixby tore it open. It was as she had expected. Her Uncle Jedediah, aged ninety, was dead. That was Bad. Mrs. Bixly took out her handkerchief, and read on. Her unole had left all his money to the Asylum for Attorneys' Orphans. This was sadder still. The handkerchief was wet in an instant, and as her tears fell, Mr. Bixby's voioe fell on her ear. '* I've come hack, Tilly.. I promised to wait for some one who is going to the beach. You have letters?" Mrs. Bixby wiped her eyes, and gave him those with his name,upon their envelopes. He simply held thbm, staring at the blackedged paper in her hand. " How yoil,like to torment me, Tilly," he said -at'last,what news have you?" • . " Uncle is dead," she answered. "Well?" " He las left lis money to a charity," sobbed Mrs. Bixby; Mr. Bixby muttered an oath, and marched away. In the hall of the hotel a lady of fascinating iir, and little pencilled lines under ber handsome eyes, {net hi pi—probably by aocfdent. The two went toward the beach together, talking earnestly. . "Certainly, he manned me for my expectations," said Mrs, Bixby, and went to her room to weep with more freedom. She did not even go down to dinner that evening, and Mr. Bjxby. did not coihe up to ask why. Abput midnight there was consternation, m tie hotel. Mrs. Bixby was making inquiries about .Mr. Bixby, and lie last seen of him was in the. water. Various persons knew of his entering it inilis handsome bathing dress. Nobody had Been him coine out. There was great excitement with the coming dawn. Various young ladies reported lim as " swimming beautifully" at five o'clock. He had triedto teach one tp swim: It was evident that he was drowned. Mrs. Bixby was going from one room into another npstairs, and calling on her dear, darling, lovely Augustus, to forgive -her her coldness. Sympathetic ladies filled the room, doctors were called in, and reporters were jotting down paragraphs. Meanwhile another letter, with a black seal, addressed to Mrs. Bixby, arrived at the hotel. When she was able to read it, she did BO. It was from her lawyers. A later will of her ..Uncle JedediahSe faad -beqn discovered. He had takenia d&likri; to one'of the trustees of the " Attorneys' Orphans," and had left all liis fortune to His " deW riicce, Matilda Bixby:" ' ' - ' '-;;;.•.'•• iV" ' i H pbpr'Augi&tUB;'had but lived ;tb >ihare iC'eobWd thb vtfdtrtv.";; 7 " 1 ,'' ' ' 1 ; Btit.ftfter'.alli'itw^fe'ftcolBblatibii: ' : "'."; by'gii^vie' deepestv tage near „. — and.-becaihe' a''regular summer' resident. Wealthy; flattfered, conHed, Bhfi^'becainfe.' auite hahd^bine/ ' Allttiitibns wieie Bhowered 'opon het. ; Bprious offers were' made for her hahd. At length' Jenkins, the reporter, mentioned, Ini!* lbng-vtfiided paragraph, the" facts -of her "Bfcraiintic Sistoiy,"' •hovr her'fortuhe had bSeii :lfeft 'ier , *hen' she'^vaB "^lmjged -iniagoiiies"l)f grief, hoW niuch-hfer"residence" WM wbrth,-and what her orajie cist /yahi; Aiid one' suitor, nibte persiBteht than tlife others, wound himself a^out her heart.. She' had deterriiinBd to remain a widow, bnt Bhe was lofiely.' She lad'vowed to' marry no handsome man. This man %homi she preferred -was not handsome;: he' had bne crossed eye and a club foot; but. Matilda'believed that.eie should be perfectly happ^ with lim. ' ' -'.'•• •' 1: &er;'mouriinig faded into lilac eilk-bncl vio^ lets, V?hite tulle ahd pansies. And one day she walked upon the beach, slowly makinig'tip her mind as to the form in which her acceptance 'of a "written'6ffer; which isle had deceived; should ;be couched, when, looking ont upon'tie sea, her eyesimet an object which petrified her with amazement. . It was simply' a -Bwimnitir, '.Whp; having :gained a spot wleire the r, w«!ter wis b'nlj? up; to lis waist, Was ndvancing toward her; but the surprising point in this otherwise very ordinary object waB that it wore Mr. Bixby"B bathing tsostnme. - His'^vife- knew-it too -well -to be mistaken. Had she riot embroidered that pattern on the collar'herself ?' -Was not that braid made to order ? Were not the buttons some which - had descended from' ttie 1 {net ? Beal gold buttons—too good, Mrs. Bixby had over and over again averred, for a bathing snit.' The'widow turned faint as she . gazed; for not only-did she know the dress, iut the handsome -head above it. ' She knew that if was Mr. Bixby's.ghoBt,., , Her limbs failed her. She sat down; .on He. isand, and hid her face in her trembling hands. But now a splashing sound of feet treading the damp beach roused her. She looked up; • The spectre stood beside her; looking very solid, indeed, for a ghost, and it spoke, and said; . " Don't be frightened, Tilly, dear. I am not an apparition. I am'your own Augustus. Look up, love. Look up." And fell exhausted—or so it seemed to Matilda—at her side, Matilda shrieked, clasped him, in her arms, wet as he was; sobbed that the joy of that moment would be too much for her, and never thought for a moment of. marvelling how a gentleman who had disappeared in the sea should, walk out of it alive and unharmed a year afterward. . . -Bat Mr. Bixby explained, nevertheless. He had swam out too far, and been pickfd up by. a boat attached to a whaling vessel—the Sea Gull, Captain Brown—he was.careful to explain ; had been ill and delirious for weeks, and-only recovered to find the ship driving Wore a fearful gale, which wrecked her in mid-ooean, With seven others he. took to a raft, and was cast on a deserted island, where he bad since lived tn his bathing.suit, subsist-, ing on shell-iish and berries. 'And how at last, knowing himBelf to be a good swimmer, he-lad resolved to. make a bold stroke for life. . " And here I am," added Mr. Bixby. Poor Matilda, crediting every word of. his abominable.falsehood, again embraced him. " And what, must have been your struggles, my poor wife ?" sighed the the husband. Then Matilda astonished him by an account of her legacy, and conductedlim home, to the amazement of every one who met them —joy in her eyes and in her poor, honest heart. Left alone in his apartment while the faithful wife prepared beef tea and other restoratives, for the individual fie had recently been in the habit of alluding to as " her sainted husband," Mr. Bixby indulged in astonishing fits of silent laughter, and several times repeated to himself: "Hangit 1 was there ever such a fool as Tilly ?" and a tramp who wandered on the Bhore was at the same time overjoyed by the discovery of a rather seedy suit of clotbies, in the pockets oi which, besides several reproaohful pink notes, signed Bosalie, he found a Chicago newspaper in which the enterprising reporter's account of Mrs. Bixby's "romantic history," her good fortune, and her seaside mansion had been faithfully copied. However, Mrs. Bixby, having a good deal in her power, was not as often snubbed in the future at; she had been in the past. Her husband no longer flirted in her presence, and she considers herself an exceedingly happy woman, and is very fond of repeating the story of Mr. Bixby's adventures, which she has no doubt the whole world believes as thoroughly ae she does. 