STORY OF A SIN. [By the Author of 'Comirf thro1 the Rye,''] Chapter XXII. ' O Heaven '. it is mysterious, it laawuu, to con sider that we not only cany eath a future ghost within him, but are, in very deed, ghosts'!' Darkness had crept over the court before Mr. Valentine had ceased to speak ; the scarlet canopy above the judge's head had turned black, and even the ladies' bonnets were swallowed up in the gloom. The officials had neglected to bring lights, and it was im possible to perceive what effect tMs speech, that traversed all rules of legal etiquette, had produced on prisoner, judge, and jury. Suddenly, almost in the moment of Ms voice ceasing, and before even a hum of exclamation could arise from the body of the court,, a hubbub without spoke of some new excitement in connection with the trial : and a moment later, preceded by an usher who bore lights, a man— ragged, unshorn, and reckless -looking — entered the court. He did not wait to be addressed, but boldly said that he had come to give important evidence about tbt murder, and the sooner he was sworn the better. His appearance was the finishing stroke to the day's surprises, and even the judge, -who had been in a state of moral shock ever since Mr. Byre's self -denouncement, leaned forward to look earnestly at the man. Duly sworn, he gave his evidence as follows : — He was a tramp, and could neither read nor write. Did not often trouble Mmself about other folks' business, though often enough they troubled themselves about his. On the ?whole, he thought he would rather be in gaol than out of it— leastways in winter time, when there were no fresh buds and things to smell at, and make a man forget his stomach. He had been on the tramp now for three weeks, but two days ago, when at forty miles from Lovel, he had heard some gipsies talking about a murder that had been committed at that place on a certain night, and how a woman had been arrested on suspicion of it. That made Mm think of sometMng he had seen on passing- through the village that very night, and it went against his conscience to let a woman be hanged for what she hadn't done ; tramps had got consciences sometimes — there was no tax yet on that commodity, or maybe he couldn't afford the luxury. Well, he had tramped all the way back, and hoped he'd come in time. It seemed a largish sort of company to be got together to try and haag one woman. Brought sliarply back to the evidence he had volunteered, he deposed to the follovring : — Late in the afternoon preceding the murder he had passed through the village of Lovel, and, between five and six, having begged unsuccessfully at half-a-dozen doors, he struck out across Synge-lane for a house he knew of, where the servants would give him a crust of bread and a drink of beer. But a bright light shining from a cottage attracted Ms attention, and he drew near the window, meaning to look in, when it gave Mm a turn to see close beside him a man who held a pistol pointed at something or some body inside the room. He got beMnd him and looked in. A woman — a real beauty — was sitting just inside, and seemed to have dropped asleep in her chair; she had on something loose and white, and looked as happy as a new-born babe. He was just lifting Ms hand to knock the pistol from the man's hand when the latter dropped it by his side, and without looking round, or perceiving him, moved away. He didn't follow — where was the good ! Thought it was a bit of jealousy, belike, and it's ill work meddling betweeu a man and . his woman. Thought no more of it till the gipsies said a woman had been murdered that night at Lovel, and blamed Mmself for not having run after the man, who had been practising like, as it seemed, when witness saw Mm, but later on had come back and actually killed her. The tramp's face was a study of amazement and disbelief when lie was told that no murder was committed at Synge-lane that night, and that the woman he had seen threatened stood in the dock before him, on the charge of having murdered the mistress of theKcd Hall, over a mile distant. The tramp stared stupidly, then exclaimed that it was 'mortal queer.' For his own part, he shouldn't wonder if the man he'd seen practising at murder hadn't gone up to the Hall and done it in sober earnest — one woman being very like another, and, having once got his hand in, perhaps lie. wasn't particular as to his game, so long as he brought down something. Asked if he thought he could recognise the man again, and requested to glance round the court in search of hini (for by now it was fairly lit), the tramp's gaze wandered vaguely over the sea of faces, aud he shook his head. He was sorry he had come back, he said — he had done no good — and in future lie would let his conscience slide, for it brought him more plague than profit. At the conclusion of his evidence the court adjourned until the following day, at 10 o'clock, and rapidly emptied, the prevailing impression of astonishment being too keen to permit of more than mere broken exclama tions. Not even by the following morning would the revelations of that day be fully digested. As Mr. Eyre left the court he came face to face with the tramp, who lingered, scanning the features of those who came out. ' Have you ever seen me before, my man ?' said Mr. Eyre, who stood in a strong light. The tramp looked hard at him, then away. ' I couldn't see his face,' he said, sullenly, ' but you're about Ms height. But what was her that's murdered to you?' 'My wife.' The man lifted Ms shoulders suddenly — he bad got a clue. Over-much love, or over much hate, these were the causes of half the murders upon earth, especially between hus bands and wives. Chaptee XXIII. ' How. did Hester Clarke's counsel get all that extraordinary evidence together in her favor?' exclaimed Frank, when with Mr Eyre they stood waiting for the horses with out. ' O ! I told him,' said Mr. Eyre carelessly-, 'When I left you at the inn I caught him in the very nick of time, land told him every circumstance, including all you'd told me — everything that I could remember, to damn myself and clear Tier. In short, I coached him, laid stress on myself as a villain : not that there is a chance of saving her, but she shall have fair play. And, upon my word, the defence was ingenious ; that attempt to fix the murder on me was an inspiration that deserves success.' But Frank shook his head ; he felt that the popular indignation was violently excited against Mr. Eyre, and by no means felt sure of the issue of the morrow. 'Strange that I did not see the man in Synge-lane that night,' said Mr. Eyre abruptly, as they rode away : ' for I did think of killing the woman. The demon of murder loas abroad that night ; but it slew the inno cent, not the guilty-' Frank, plunged deep into a tragedy at war with Ms whole nature, remained silent. There seemed no light anywhere, and he had a dreadful consciousness of sometMng unex plored— terrible— in Mr. Eyre's breast, that forbade confidence. The two parted, as usual, at the gates of the Towers ; but Mr. Eyre did not on this occasion immediately climb the steep path that led to the hall; he turned aside, and sought the churchyard, in wMch all that was best in him lay. He tethered his horse without, and entered ' it in the murky darkness of a chill November night, and finding his way by instinct to that narrow dwelling-place of her body, he kneeled down beside it. As he stretched cut his arms to the cold sod they met some human substance that made him recoil. But the next moment he advanced, and seizing sometMng that struggled out of his grasp, crying passionately — ' She isn't yours ; she's mine.' It was Doune's voice that spoke, and as Mr. Eyre struck a light, he saw his first-born standing at a few paces distance, clutching something wMte and shadowy to Ms boyish breast. A sudden thrill told Mr. Eyre that this was Madcap's baby, the child of whom he had never even thought of till no w ; and as the wax light died out in darkness he strode forward, and snatching that little bundle from Doune's arms, folded it within Ms cloak, and turned away. But at a little distance he heard a stifled cry, and paused to listen — * Mother ! mother ! you asked me to be kind to the baby, to take care of her ; but father's taken her away, and JoaepMne dosen't mind when she cries ; I would like to die with you. As Mr. Eyre lifted the little struggling Body from its damp bed, for the. first time he realised that the loss of his Madcap might be as irreparable a one to others aa himself. When he walked into the nursery, dripping with the November night-dews, and tlie two children nestled beneath his cloak, Josephine started up in fear; though, when he had given them over to her, he departed, without a word or look, to that part of the house in which he had dwelt with Madcap. But Josephine, giving back the babe into the arm of its affirighted nurse, who for hours had sought it, bade the woman guard it better in future, siace the master of the house had chosen to recognise its existence; then, with a shuddering glance around, put up her hand to those magnificent plaits of hair which had imperceptibly increased in bulk din-ing the past fortnight. 5^ A superb crown of plaits on a woman's head could scarcely Mde a visible secret, yet it was curious that even at night Josephine did not unfasten them, but at dawn, and with locked doors, rose to dress her hair for the day. CHAPTEK XXIV. * Aud feel I, Death, 110 joy from thought of tUeef1 At half -past 10 o'clock next morning (in a court so inconceivably crowded that more than one woman fainted, and several slight accidents occurred), there being no witnesses to be called on behalf of the prisoner, the judge proceeded to sum up the evidence at considerable length. Haying lain stress on the prisoner's evident wish to avoid beinsr seen at the Red Hall on the night of the murder, he drew attention to the positive proof of her having entered Mrs. Eyre's room that the scrap of torn clothing afforded ; to the fact of the blood-stained knife that had un doubtedly committed the crime being found in her possession; to her extraordinary silence (save for an involuntary cry of terror . when confronted by the gardener), and her disappearance from the neighborhood for the space of two days and nights. The defence set up by her counsel he would characterise as an ingenious theory that there was, unfortunately, not one jot or tittle of evidence to support ; as a sketch of what might have happened it was effective, but as the jury had to deal with facts, not guesses, the sooner they forgot that little bit of romance-reading the better. The evidence of the tramp was another matter, and indirectly in her favor, as it pointed to the existence of some hitherto un suspected person who had gained access to Mrs. Evre's room that night ; though it was inconceivable, if such were the case, that the prisoner should so immediately obtain possession of the instrument of the murder, and preserve so inflexible a silence as to the inhuman deed committed on a lady she professed to have deeply loved. The jury must potpermitthemselves, cither, to be influenced in her favor by the fact that she had for mouths resided in the village and made no attempt to poison Mr3. Eyre's mind against her husband. Mr. Eyre had assured them that she had distinctly threatened to harm bis wife on the yery day of the murder; though motives of policy, and, doubtless, some regard for her reputation, had Mtherfco kept her silent, since she had all to lose, and nothing to gain, by declaring the truth. The judge's summing- up lasted some twenty minutes longer, but was distinctly unfavor able to the prisoner ; possibly because he saw that more than half of the jurymen were strongly perjudiced in her favor. At quarter to 12 they retired, and the judge left his seat to read the morning papers, half hoping that Mr. Byre might join Mm; for, as a man, his sympathy was entirely with Ms old friend, whom he did not consider more guilty than others, though decidedly more unfortu nate. But Mr. Eyre, in obedience to a scribbled note from the Duchess, had gone round to where she sat, and, in the grasp of her hand, met the first cordial support he hadknown for days. The Duchess's heart had tM'illed at the evidence of Mr. Eyre's positive hatred of the prisoner ; he had not been so cold to lier, and Madcap was dead. The Duke received him coldly. Hester's behavior in the dock had produced a pro found impression on him, as on many others. He thought that in nobility she showed almost equally with Frank; and Ms whole soul went forth in admiration to the young fellow . whose self-sacrifice, heroically per sisted in to the last, had ensured Madcap's happiness to the very end. Mr. Eyre conversed on indifferent topics, asking some particulars as to the Duke's shooting, and enquiring of the Duchess what might be her plans for the winter. She thought him very little altered by Ms loss, not knowing that strong excitement, and a certainty that Hester would be found guilty, ana Madcap avenged, sustained him. The first shock to tMs conviction came when the jury, at the end of half-an-hour, re entered the court. The judge resumed his seat. Mr. Eyre unconsciously clenched his bare band till blood sprang from the finger-nails, as the clerk put the usual question to tlie foreman of— ' Guilty or not guilty ?'. ' We can't asree.' 'Then you may retire,' said the judge, ' and the prisoner be removed, and brought up again for sentence.' Aud angrily jerking Ms robes about him, he withdrew. Mr. Eyre stood rigid, then, exclaiming, 'Dolts! fools!— they can hesitate!' left the Duchess without a word. Meanwhile Frank, who had caught from Hester in the very act of removal a look im possible to be misunderstood, had left the court, and after some difficulty succeeded in obtaining an interview with her, limited to one quarter of an hour. He found her walking swiftly to and fro, and was shocked at the haggardness of the face she turned upon him as he entered. ' They're hesitating,' she said ; ' I didn't think they would ; but they may bring me in guilty, and it's best to face it, only it seems harder than I reckoned on. And-there's her baby up there and no mother to tend it ; and if her death lies at my door for the wicked words I spoke J;o him that day, I'd like to live and work it out. But I understand now why Janet was so ready and willing to die — when one's blind tired, and got nothing worth waking up for, it's natural to want to sleep— but I shall be wanted, and she would have wished me to stop. I think you guessed it,' she went on, with a wan smile ; ' howl meant to steal my idol, and take Mm from Ms mother, and now God has stolen him, and laid Mm in her arms —it was only for a little wMle she was left -without Mm.' ' Hester !' he cried, ' why wont you speak? Clear yourself, for God's sake, if you are innocent — tell all that you know of that fatal night !' ' If I am innocent ? You stayed away, but I never thought you believed me guilty. When you've loved some one dearly, and had a misunderstanding with her — and made it up again, and kissed one another — could you find it in your heart to kill her?' said Hester, with quivering lips. ' I didn't mean to speak — Fm just working it out — my wickedness ia saying what I did to Mm — she'd be alive now, « maybe, but for that.' ' What did you say to him ?' cried Frank, seizing her arm, a horrible fear, born of her looks and words, turning him pale as ashe3. She tore herself away, a;nd fell face down wards on the low pallet upon which she aud Janet through so many miserable hours had sat side by side. ' I can't speak,' she said at last ; 'I broke my word to her once, but 111 never break the last vow that I swore to her, that I'd never harm anything she loved ; and I never will — I'drather diethan tell even him, muchlessyou, the truth about the murder.' ' Then you know ?' he said, scarcely breathing as he looked at her. 'After all, it's best to die,' said Hester, in the same tone; 'she won't torment me with questions, for she doesn't know— she never shall.' Her voice dropped. ' Biit there's Janet, she'll miss my letters — and if the worst comes you'll see that no one tells her.' Footsteps approached, the brief interview was nearly ended. As she sat erect and covered up her face, the door opened and the turnkey appeared in the aperture. It was the same man who had admitted Mr. Eyre to that interview with Janet that the condemned woman had demanded, and some tMng familiar in the huddled-up figure on the pallet, in Frank's expectant attitude as he turned away, smote the man's dull memory into life. He glanced back curiously at Hes ter as he locked the door upon her. There was a terrible question in Frank's eyes when next they met those of his friend, to which Mr. Eyre did not respond. ' What is it, Frank ?' he said ; ' are you afraid these fools will take vengeance out of our hands after all? They daren't do it, or I'd move heaven and earth to reverse their decision. This band,' he added, looking at it, 'it's clean yet, but I won't answer for its deeds if she lives, while Madcap is dead.' The day wore on, drew to its close, and the jury did not return. Locked into a small room, without fire, food, or candle — not having tasted food since morning— they passed, the weary hours in striving to convince one another. Six were of one opinion, six of the opposite — the 'former half-dozen being guided by the judge's summing-up, and a profound respect for Mr. Eyre ; the latter six by a variety of opinions, that included detestation of Mr. Eyre's moral character, pity and admiration 'or the accused, a strong suspicion that Digges had been too lightly released, a dark conviction that Mr. Eyre was the murderer himself, and that it was he whom the tramp had seen in Synge-lane; all these being reasons, supplemented by an emphatic one From the twelfth juror (who had lost a be loved wife in childbirth last year), that it was no murder at all, but one of those natural deaths to which women succumb by the thousand every year, with no great fuss or outcry over the bitterest tragedy that life can furnish. Perhaps the argument of the last juror, though weakest in itself, produced most effect on the opposing six, who were all marred men, and had more than once gone through the dread and peril of seeing a beloved life at stake. By degrees, first one was won over to the merciful side, then another ; but the incor ruptible one turned out to be a butcher, im pervious alike to fear, cold, and hunger, who, slapping Ms mighty tMgh, declared that when facts are on your side you don't need hysterics to convince people ; and, for his part, he was not going to be taken in by a lawyer chap, who snivelled with one eye, and winked at one's greenness with the other. Possibly, when eleven men set themselves (at their very keenest, through Tilings and cold) to persuade one man, and he a butcher, to whom eleven excellent customers are a matter of consideration, the result may be forecast; but it fell with the force of a thunderbolt on the court, when at 9 o'clock the jury returned. As the judge entered, the prisoner appeared from the cells below, the clerk rose to ask if the jury were agreed, to which the foreman replied by a nervous but distinct — 'Not guilty.' A profound silence followed these words ; then gradually a faint hum made itself audible through the court, that rapidly swelled to a swift on-rolling wave pf ap plause, that had reached its height when it was discovered that Mr. Eyre and Hester Clarke had simultaneously disappeared. Chapter XXV. ' But it was even thou, my companion, my guide and mine old familiar friend.' The prison doors were open — Hester might walk out of them at her will ; and, with some vague idea of rest beyond, she had turned, and groped her way out, instinct guiding her to the great door that gave egress to the court yard. She did not know that ?without was assembled a vast crowd that reflected the division of opinion within, one-half of them believing her guilty, though acquitted ; the other, and rougher portion, to whom she had become the idol of the hour, being equally certain of her innocence. A hoarse shout of welcome rent the air as she appeared in the doorway, and, dazed and trembling, gazed outward at the sea of faces upturned to her ; and, hesitating to plunge into it, did not perceive how Mi-. Eyre him self stood behind her. 'My friends,' said Hester, and stretched out her two thin hands imploringly, ' I have dwelt among you and you have.kno wn me, and that I am innocent of this crime.' ' Innocent !' said a terrible voice in her ear ; and she shrank back to see Mr. Eyre, cloaked and spurred, standing beside her, his eyegatheringwrathandcoldnessasheglanced contemptuously at the crowd before him. As he spoke a mingled storm of execration and welcome arose, and grew louder and louder as' the two tides of popular feeling met with a rush and a roar that boded miscMef both to accuser and accused. ' Let me pass, my men,' said Mr. Eyre, as he pushed Ms way out ; and some made way, but others came thronging about him with tM-eatening looks ; and he found himself pushed, hustled, tossed this wav and that, his strength a mere nothing against the solid weight of the masses around Mm. It would be difficult to say who struck the first blow or hurled the first missile, but in a few minutes the courtyard was turned into a ?writhing mass of infuriated men and women, who struck out indiscriminately ; and it was from one of his own tenants that Mr. Eyre received a blow on the head, that, at the time, he scarcely even noticed. He reached his horse at last, mounted it, and rode slowly home. Frank found Mm a quarter of an hour later sitting in his wife's room. He was pulseless and cold, blood oozing from a fracture of the skulL Fora month Frank never left Mm ; but on the first day that Mr, Eyre was able to ask a rational question he enquired for Ms friend. He was told that Lord Lovel had set out an hour ago for abroad, and that Ms return was uncertain. On Mr. Eyre asking if he had left no message, he was told there was none ; but a few days later a sealed letter was placed in Ms hand. The handwriting -was Frank's. ' God help you !' it ran. ' I know the truth. Do not attempt to follow me. I will never, of my own free will, look upon your face again. ' FBA3TK. IiOTEL.' Mr Eyre read this letter through and through , then asked if Hester Clarke had left the village, and was told that she had done so on the day succeeding her acquittal. He then sent for Job, who came unwilliugly, and denied all knowledge of Ms master's movements ; and this was true enough, for Frank had left the place in a state bordering on madness, and with no idea of Ms f uture plans. A week later, Mr. Eyre, having set Ms house in order and made all arrangements for a lengthened absence, departed from the Red Hall, no one knew whither ; though as years passed, and neither of the men returned, it was conjectured that they were together, seeking, in a life of perpetual adveutuve, to escape the memory of the woman they had both so deeply loved. But those who knew Mr. Eyre well said that his story was not half done, nor the tragedy of Madcap's death yet played out to its bitter end ; and these waited, with a breathless expectancy that even time could not dull, for the lifting of the curtain upon the last scene. And, meanwhile, two unconsidcred, fresh young lives were growing up at the Red Hall ; but there was no living soul to tell Mr. Eyre that, if he had laid one treasure beneath the sod, there existed for him other priceless ones above it. The End. ? ^ 