The Hon. W. Forster ia Defence. Thb following correspoadeaftv nas beea handed t»«s Eor publication : — (The Editor of the Sydaey *' Daily Telegraph.') . Sir,— I perceive in oae of your late articles that you, in effect, : complain of the. too great (renerality and vagueness of certeiagiatoiiiBntgof mine, having reference to - your friend -the Premier, which job, with equal generality, thongh I-trust ia more plainly characteristic laauraaere. -dBsaribe *s 'slanders,' ' vilificatioBS, ''infamous falsehoods,' sad so forth. Now none knows better than yourself that whatever I may hsve said referred to notorious facts. If you expressly desire particulars, you know also how easily I caa, and that I will furnish them. If particulars be ; asked ia the Assembly, I will not refuse. But, meantime, it may suffice to remind you of a judgment of the Supreme Court in a certain matter of markea cheques, of which I will send you a copy if you promise to publish it, even ia substance. You scarcely expect me to call as witnesses the ghosts of poor Dean, of Edward Butler, of Bobort Campbell, or of O'f arrell. — I am, sir, your obedient servaat, WiUiiAU Fobstsb. Sydney, July 14, 1882. * Sydney, July 18, 18S2. Dear Sir, — I think it only due to you to explain why your letter of the 14th instant has aot been pub lished. It contains a reference to 'a certain matter of marked cheque,' which I do not understand, and alludes to the ghosts of poor Dean, Edward Butler, Eobert Campbell, and O'FarrelL It appears to me that it would be vary unfair to launch such inEitiT''.f:'--i'c, as the references ««ifa»M. against the Premier in, hia absence ; but if you will state distinctly what the charges vare, and sign your came to tby't they shall .be published ia the ' Telegraph.' — I am, &e.;, W. Wtkk*. The Hon. W: Forster. (W. Wynne, $sq., ' Sydney Daily Telegraph.') Sir, — I sm in receipt of your letter of July 18, and am highly flattered by your thinking 'it only due' to me ' to explain why ' my ' letter of the 14th iastant has not been published.' . I did not expect you to publish that letter, ccr do I oxpect you to publish this, however much, like other newspapers, you profess to give every one whom you attack an epportuaity of defending him self. I am quite aware that you are' bound to con sider other interests betides those of truth and jus tice. 11 you regard this bondage es a misfortune, there may be some hope yet, evea for the ' Sydaey Daily Telegraph.' However, the correspondence may yet appear in less restricted columns, as happily, the ' Telegraph ' does not possess a monopoly of circulation. Accord ingly I propose to consider your letter, and the pecu liar reasons it purports to suggest fornan-pubneatiem of my letter, with more particularity than otherwise I should be inclined to waste upon so obvious a con tingency. You say that my letter 'contains a reference to 'a certain matter of marked cheques'' which you 'do not understand-' Now really this innocence, or blissful ignorance, of what is matter cf record at the Supreme Court, and 'requires only the most distant allusion to reach tiie understanding of thousands, whether or aot politicians, is worthy of the golden ago or garden or Eden, aad speaks volumes for your qualifications as editor or manager of a newspaper. BntI have already offered, aad I again offer, to place in your hands a copy of the judgment of the Supreme Court, or of a Judge, in the matter referred to, on condition of your publishing it. Of this offer, with the same charmingly cliftracteriEtio candour and simplicity, you do not take, and doubtless, in your peculiar circumstances, you eaaaot well afford, to take, any notice. You seem equally reduced te primitive innocence and perplexity by my allusion to ' ths ghosts of poor Dean, Edward Butler, Eobert Campbell, and O'Far reU.' ' Outside of tha telagraphicgardea of Eden these allusions carry their interpretation with them to ordinary understandings. In some ef the cues evidence might be difficult to procure now, without the ghosts, or unless the principal actor were placed in a witness-box' which is a possible con tingency. And then who knows aot what pathetic story might cot be told of latent virtue and unappreciated publie merit in some eminent personage, compelled by heroio necessities, tho eonseqneuoes of vast public services and sacrifices, which suggest obvious com parison with Washington, Napoleon Bonaparte, Alexander the Great, and ft hast ox others; but which a shameful public obtaseness and '«*li)iml indiffer ence had failed to relieve ; compelled I say, to confer upon ^private friends the gratuitous honour of ex changing what is technically termed valuable con sideration for promissory documents, which one day or other bid fair to become, if they have not already become, and to make their acceptors, if 'they have not already made them, historically immortal. But as for the transactions with Edward Butler and O'Farrell, are they not already written in chronicles, that is to say, ia neswpapers and parliamentary reports of the time, -to which every one, except per haps ths too innocent editor ef tha ' Telegraph ' has access at this moment. Ton seem to rise to indignant virtue, when you urge that ' it would be very unfair to launch such insinuations as tha references contain against the Premier in his absence.' I confess I fail to see how the qualified and voluntary absence of a high official from his post and tho duties for which he is paid, and Trhich he is technically understood to be alfthe time performing, or, indeed, the merely temporary absence of any publie man from tha ordinary political arena, can affect the questicu, or properly impose silence upon public criticism of aotorious facts. But in your exalted flight you most consistently— for the ' Tele graph' — forget that you were not restrained by any such fine feelings as have, perha-os, asphyxiated you ia ths present instance, from ' launching,' as ycu poetically phrase it, aot only what was, no doubt intended for severe criticism, but also a geoc deal of virulent personal abuse, incltidiajr among other elegancies, a comparison of myself witi Barabbas,' upon me during my absence from, and when I was ia no way officially connected with the colony, yet at the same time comparatively defeaea lees, not much more than a year ago. You conclude by a strange undertaking, that if I ' will distinctly state what the charges are, aad sign ' my' name to them, they shall be pnblished in the ' Telegraph'.' It ia not my business, nor have ] tho inclination to make any further attempt to furnish readable matter for the *' Telegraph.' I have made no charges other than are already indi cated in this correspondence, bythe light of which I leave the public to judge of your sincerity ia making snek a challenge. — Yours, 4a., Sydney, July 24, 1888. William Forbtze. 