CHAPTER LXin. - Bunakum, upon whom death had now set his indelible ^stamp,;, (was:, in the act of draining -off a glass of, brandy, which' had been, given him by "Prudence, who herself showed evidences of sharing with him, when Jack entered. His eye caught sight of his son immediately, and he.utttered a'strange cry. . ? " Come at last," said ,he,. as if greatly;' relieved. " Come to see the olS man die." - "Ihope,not, father," said jack, in a tender .tone, for in tliepresehce of death all his anger at his unnatural parent's past conduc.t diefl. away. " I hope not. Wewillbeable to make youstronghy-and-bye,":i. "No,fear !" said the dying man,'inhis old' slangy -way. '" My time's run; my skift's up, and I hear the ^rieat Manager calling me to come for my wages. ,Wages,!", hie cried, with a terrible laugh,; " And such wages. Jack, you don't Imow.oiir manager ; he pays in yery'hard coin." v , . ? ? ." My good.man," Said the minister', a grave personage of reverend aspect,, " The", wages of sin is death.; but at' the eleventh1 hour'the greatest sinner may return." . ?! ,v" Pooh," said^Bunakum,' who now ;aeemod: of ..stuff; .1 talked, too much of it in 'my old time not to know its valuc.- Do you think when Pve been working. for the devil every, .shiftdozing the. year,^I can go and claim my wages? off the Almightyfo*. a few- minutes'* sp^ on New Year's Eve ?- Not likely." ; The. minister and the listeners shuddered. :' " You shouldn't ta]& that way, Bunakum," said-Prudence, whimpering, taking a sip at the same time; " it all comes through your not taking another drop.". ' " No, no," said the old man, ' " I'll have no more just now. I have something to do. "Where's the magistrate ?" .' .. .'.t- 1 ./SHere," said a policeman; who" yras'stand-l irig by,; and a gentleman .advanced.,to "the bedside; .The policeman took pen-and ink. " "Whatever- statement you:have to make," said the magistrate, be; as clear as pos sible."." > ~ ' v,', ."' -1. "Yes," ..said Bunakum,, ''I'll ;be clear enough, I warrant, clearer than >yiil be. good "for some people.. Jack, come closer to. me."' Jack went nearer to his'father, ;' 'The others gathered' round in a .circle. Prudence, seized the opportunity fo demote hersdf to the brandy bottle. She ^ argued .v^atB.unakimiJ would require little of it after he had, inade his con fession. .. ? . ; ??>' "Jack," said Bunakum, "You remember the night when you fished me put of the creek iat'.Grit, don|t you ? i Well, after, you'd -left, I fell in with a fcUow-r-he was {Jterwards killed atthe, Southern Cross Company's mine-rand he treated me, which was welcome,'seeing the drenching I'd got.. After that somehow or 'other I wandered down the street. I don't know, why I went that way, but I did go. It was a queer night, the moon breaking out of the[clouds accasionally, and the winds moaning through the trees like ghosts talking. When I came opposite where Janet's tent was-you know, Jack-I heard ltud talking. 1 listened, . and Bure enough, it, -was your mother aiid Hector. They were talking in an excited manner, but as everyone was away, loojring after the flood . or, drinking in honor of the occasion, there was no 'one to; hear them ex cept me. And I wish-I wish I hadn't heard them. It might have .been better for us all. But I hated her, in lay, way, which. Wasn't much, for so long as I got'a glass of liquor, I cant say I hacLmuch bad feeling for anyone.' Still I had a sore about the way she'd cut me, and it gave me a sort of'pleasure -to hear her quarrelling with him; ? I suppose it's natural. So I heard her accusing and threatening him; and bitter words she used,,very bitter; but they were truth, and that inade them the more galling. Now and then he'd speak, and' I shook in my shoes for fear he'd know I was round. I- crept !a bit closer, and getting be hind a stump, watchad them. He was sitting by * the table looking as black as a thunder cloud-you know how- black, he can look, Prudence?" '.: V" , ; - '' ; . " Don't 11" was the interrogative reply of Prudence, as she' hastily put by the untasted glass.' " Well, by-and-by, it seemed, as if he could stand it no longer. He stood iip looking so terrible,' that I felt a oould sweat breaking out all over me, and I shook like a leaf-as I do now. 'Stop this talk,' said lie, 'I've had enough of you and I am resolved never to see you again. If it wasn't for the law I'd kill you.' 'Do,' says your mother; 'I'd sooner be dead than five as I do now. Bug if you leave me, you shall never marry another woman. You've told me your past life, and .the world will know1 it,to-morrow.' You aught to have seen him then. ,,. If ever I saw a devil in human shape it was Hector at that moment." It was terrible to see Jack" just 'then. His face was pale, hjja eyes flashed with fexcitement, his breast heaved and fell. - At, last the long wished for revelation was at hand. ? ? ? ?' " He stood stock still for a few minutes," continued Bunukum, " and then lie said bet ween his teeth: 'Fool I was to trust a woman 1' For a bit, he seemed to hesitate; but all At once he made a rush , at' Janet and caught hold- of her by the throat. 01 the dreadful things that followed. I heard her give . one cay, then there was a sound of struggling. When I looked again he was kneeling, over. her. She never moved. He got up'and turned his face towards me.", - Jack's emotions could not be controlled. He sprang up,his face flushed,his eyes darting fire. . . i "Peace, peace,"-'said the minister, "Delay not the confession that seals the doom of the murderer." But it was not until Bertha took his hand in hers, and soothed him, that Jack was quieted. Then he sank upon a chair and burst into tears. The picture of his mother's murder was more than he could bear. It was as lie had so long thought. " That face 1" cried Bunukum, himself now dreadfully excited, " I've never forgotten that face. It was not the face of.a living man-it was the face of a corpse. He glanced once more at your motherland rushed out of the tent. I don't know how it was; just then I lost my head and jumped up. He saw me at once. I felt as if I,d been turned into stone. Up he came, his eyes afire. ' You saw all this ? I couldn't speak; I dropped down on my knees. 'I will kill you too,' he said in an awful voice, and he caught me by the throat, but I found time to cry out ' Hector, don't kill me; I'll never say a word about it. I've been your true friend, and I'll always be.. You were provoked to do it.' He stopped then, and I pleaded in every way I knew, for when your life's at "stake and you see a chance of escaping being euchred, your tongue loosens a bit, and mine was always ready. So, after a while he seemed to change, and especially when I told him I had as much right to be annoyed at Janet as he had." Jack mftde a frenzied movement. "Now, now, my boy," said Bunakum, " don't be rash; consider the peril I was in. God knows I'd never harm Janet; I never harmed anyone but myself. . So he made me swear a terrible oath; and there,and then pro mised never, to see me without money. And he's faithfully performed that promise. But I don't want his money now. ' I've h&d; enough of it. The more I got, the more harm it did me; I never kept it. When I knew death was coming 1 couldn't rest until I had told all, and to you, Jack. Janet would come every night to my hedside, and there she would remain, until I had promised to speak out.. But when the day came I always went back on it. Then she would.come with hun dreds of horrible beings and make me promise again.- . Aid ""she's" been, here to* night, np to the .very time I finished. Now she is gone, and with her all the horrors. I feel better now, better, better!" ^ . It v/a^ very- easy to see, however, that the temporary excitement \yhich had borne him up was dying away. Imagination had so .far. ' tormented him by calling np terrible images, but now that he had lifted a load oil his mind she let him rest. ; i' V , ".Is that all down in black and white?" asked Bunakum, faintly.; . "It is," replied the magistrate. '"Now sign." -# ???.'. .. .. , \- .Bunakum signed. r It .was a strange signa ture. At his best-he never pretended to write a good hand,'; but the caligraphy on this occasion was .more than ordinarily hiero glyphical: ' " You've not;explained," said Jack, "how. Bridget O'Began and her husband became mixed up in-tiie affair." . . Bunakum1 winced. A5'.' ... "Hecter's feaiis alone made them;danger-;, ousj" said he; "Bridget O'Began'saw us coming from the direction of Janet's place, and of course, had she said all she could have said" the circumstantial evidence would; have been strong;'But yon know them times, Jack. We gave a good explanation to oti'r friends about Bridget's seeing us and-they, arranged to give the old couple a few hhiners to keep them quiet. But it was a bad investment; for they never ceased to persecute Hector afterwards, and thoughfche told them they knew nothing, yet. he always gave them money. ^About their' death I'd sobrier say nothing { it's f;abotit-. the Jonly thing* that weighs . heavy ron me.-? I' could Jiavo saved them." ' - : .' . . . " I feel so easy now,'' said Bunakum, "and; you, . Prudence, can bear witness to a great deal more." ; ,-f\' A'. . - .",Q^at l ean," was. the ready , reply. "He rehearsijd. the . scene;; .often enough in his' dreams by my 'side. A small drop old man ?" . " Yes, yes, I'm tired out," said Bunakum, .taking a .glass; but«it fell from his nerveless .hand; ; Prudence put another glass to his lips and he drained it off. "Jack," said Bunakum, in a tow voice;i " you're young y«t.-' Take an old man's ad-;. vice and never taste a drop of drink. Yon see what it has brought me down to. You -lenow I might have been rich, respected and" happy, only for my fondness for drink. Don^belazy; that's the father of all .that's bad." . Jack did not reply ; he was thinking of the course he , Tyould adopt , to bring Hector Macinnis to justice. His lofty position would ' prove an obstacle, for who would believe such a terrible accusation against so eminent _ a \- man; especially^ when the principal accuser was' a' half . lunatic; . drunkard. He'. was aroused from- his- reverie .by a cry 'from Bunakum". .; > . ' . "I believe I'm going," said he; " it ^ seems as if I was "all water, andT Fm sure I haven't1 taken much of that stuff." ,, **- , ?. .. ..^Shallilipray ?" asked. the^ministei?/ J ? " if iyou likei" imidVBurialmm. ." The lights are going out fast, and the drive's getting very dark. I see % lot of people. There's'Harry,! arid Jim and Joe, alf'4ead years gone . by. Look out boys; the old man's going-home to meet you. He's lived in Gfrit iuntxl*everyphe's forgotten him. But you know me, old friends, old pals, in tho great digging days when gold was plentiful. It's mightyv dark, though, and the bar is hard, very .hard-all sandstone'. Miners of Grit the old man's goinghome! homel and the tyrant will have it all his own way, up iri his 'pleasant palace on. the hill. Strike, men of Grit 1 Strike hard 1 the rock's going 1 there's the light of the candles.- Ah!. Is this ^!the Beef?" '>?:'?. ' '' And Bunakum was'deadi " ' There-was one person who did not witness his death,; Prudence; Macinnis had slipped out of the room unobserved. . 