MISCELLANY. SHE cooed; he wooed; the old man aaid they could U they would. No cards. We are told to "take can," bat most of as have too much of it for oar comfort already. "To step aside is human"-especially when a runaway team la coming down the street. THE whole thing in a nutshell-'The worm. AH old saw new set-A misa ia good at a .mil*. THE Mait WHO ALWAYS GOBS TO Wobe | WITH A WILL.-A lawyer. "Is that clock fast?" asked a stranger in a country hotel, pointing to the timepiece overhead. "Tee, It's screwed fast." THE Chinese Encyclopedia meets a long felt want, and no family should be without It It wm published in P«kin in £,020 voiamee, and at the price of £2,000 la the same as given away. FASHIONABLE California squaws, we are told, bang their hair. History repeat* itself. On the plains the Indian husband bangs his wife's head daily with unfailing regularity. WHENEVER yon see a woman talking straight at a man, and beginning to nod her head and keep time to it with her upraised index finger. It is about time for somebody to climb a tree. Hx GAVE IT UP.-A Girton College girl reoently stumped a professor with this conundrum: " What did lo die off The professor, after pazzllrg his brain awhile, gave it op, when he was stunned by the answer-" Io-dide of potassium." Too MILD FOB THE OCCASION.-The Bar-, ling "Hawkeye" states that when a man was butted over a ftnce by a goat, the man said, "Goto." fle did, and he added a heap more which the " Hawkeye" fails to quote. A CELEBRATED lawyer once said that the three most troublesome clients he ever had were a young lady who wanted to be married, a married woman who wanted to be divorced, and an old maid who didn't know what she wanted. THE CZAB AND HIS FRIENDS.-The Czar Hys he is ready to meet death whenever it oomes. It may not be oat of place in this connexion to say that death is ready to meet the Car wherever he goes. " Boston Transcript." PATIENT WIDOWER-A certain gentleman reoently lost his wife, and a young miss of six years, who cime to the funeral, said to his little daughter of about the same age, " Your pa w ill marry again, won't her "Oh, yes," was the reply, "but not till after thefaneralr To MEET THE TIMES.-In a couple of hun dred yean from this, if the Bible is again revised to suit the times, the passage In the parable of the ten virgins, which reads thus: "Give as of your oil, for oar lamps have gone out," will be changed to, " Give us Of your deetne lights, for oar circuit is temporarily broken."-"Bomernile Journal." AN UNSEASONABLE JUDGE.-The Court (ana terely)-" Prisoner, how did you have the audacity to break Into this mairt house at midnight and rob himT Prisoner (piteooily)-"But, your honour, last time I was before you you wanted to know how I ooald have the audadty to rob a man on the highway at high noon. When do you want me to get In my work f OOltPLDfEHTABT NOTICE.-" Don't you know that It is a felony to steal a pocket- book out of a gentleman's pocket f asked an Austin justice of a bard case. «' Sea, I know it, jedge, but dat ar pocket book bulged oat de rides dat 1 blseve JOB has so much speret ta yer dat yer would haft nude a break fur it ye.tself, Jedge, if nobody was watehia' ywf' An OBLIGING SPORTSMAN.-Drs. F. and P., two; Lowell physicians of repute, annually go on a hunting trip together, ttey were getting ready to start, and, In conversation with a lady. Or. KT lantly asked," Miss B., what game do you Hka battr* "Ilike whist best," responded the lady. MT11 try andWhoot one for you," said the ooartsoos Dr. P. " Lbwell Courier. WOMAN'S Love.-*" Save yon bean lo the apntty ?tamp ontr "Just fifty easts," m JM np|r> "How long ban you been working atnf*" WuL nigh 'bouta week, I reckon." " AaahowiBIMfa loUM will it take r '. Wail, I 'spects I could taMt l»V» ujorrer an' get my money, I'dbe bound to drop dowa to Halltown an' bet on a boa* raoe and lost It all. It I wait till Friday I kin bab the wissns at gwtoe later de drau at Qbailevtown. I knows my wwkMWt'5" boas, an' ao I'M gwjne to lot heah an' dig a little, aiir sleep a little. an* chop off da laa* root when f heai) di circus bo'ns Mowia' <oa top da red akul»>howe hill/*-* Detroit FreePress. How 'HOODLUMS ABB MAD*.-" Madfun,!* ?aid Ml a benevolebt T. O., some days ago, to ft matronlr-tookieg woman with a sad face,« have yoo lost any thing f " Ves, air, I havelost a boy," was the reply, She fare as bta description-"He waa a r»ddy lid, with fair hair and a Sbeeiy, rioting roioe. abd a bright aye and a winding smile." We found blm standing In the doorway of a theatre, smoking a cigarette. He was aaltow- faoed, impudont, and treaty. He etared ia women"* faoea wtbeypaead by. He waa leery, beery, *od disagreeable. Ha bad the air of a rou6 of 50, with thfc frame of a youth o! 14\. HU mouth waa an outlet for blasphemy aad indecency. He waa a blot upon the SldearaUt-» fester sput, standing oat against the handsome acold* tecture of the theatre. " Madam," we said, "hoe If your boy. The streets have made him what he Je* a bangeron in doorways, a nasty ml store of hoodlum, swell, and blackguard. And, furthermore, madam, there are hundreds of his kldaey, Whoee backs us a temptation to tbe canes of every deoent person that Conine within their vile atmosphere of dgarstte smoke, slang, and abomination,nauseating, repulsive, sunken eyed reptiles that they are."-Sab Francisoo News Letter. CULTCHAH.-The " Town Crier" in the San Franciseo Mews Letter writes:-"May the ghost of Mt-Iampos. the tprch-bearar, for ever puraae the lunatic who first promulgatod the heresy tnat young girls ibould graduate and worry their banged brains with the things that should belong to bud alone. K they lire to learn, they as certainly live to forget. Though the voice may not possess a tittle of tbe harmony of an asthmatic Jackdaw, they are forced to pipe' When the Flowing Tide Oomes In' and other melodies of the day. With no more idea of form and colour than an owl has of the kaleldeeoope, they are compelled to paint and draw. With no taste for literature, they are driven .through tbe musty masters, from 8penscr to Tennyson. Read me,' said a sweet girl graduate to her ' mash' the other day, within hearing of the T. O., 'read me The Locust Eaters, from that dear fellow, Tennyson.' ' Tell me.' said the same fair beiug an hour afterwards," that sad, sad story about Cloopatrick and the wasp that bit her.' We do not know where the good Mr. Mills ex pects to go when he dies, but it tbe T. 0. had been within a mile of big seminary that evening, and there was a dynamite shop on the same block, we shudder to think how that institution of learning would have been pulverised." WON AT LAST.-" So yon wish to marry my daughter T" These words were uttered by a man who fairly hissed them through his teeth as he Mood, with a cruel sneer on his lips, in front of a young man, the tiervous twitching* of whoee (dear- cut features told more plainly than could any words, however freely interspersed with adjectives, the torture he was suf. ferlng. " Yes, sir," said Herbert M'Intoeh, looking tip into the face of him who had spoken. " I love Myrtle with a rich, warm, tempestuous love that recks not of obstacles, but sweeps away with a mighty avalanche the difference in social position that exists between us. My passion Is a deathless one that. Uke the mighty simoom of the desert, gathers force with every instant of its existence, and stills alike with its hot breath the life of man and beast. I know that appearances are against me. I am poor and honest, and last Saturday night I had a king-full beaten at the Owl Club, bat I cannot conceal my lore. Yoa are rich and socceesfal. and I can see from the window in my little room in which 1 work the high walls of your packing-house, and hear the plaintive cry of the stricken pig who has his interior scooped oat and is cat Into hams and clear sides before the echo of his death shriek has ceased to linger in the mask-laden air at the stock yards. Ton are living nnder tqrqnoise tinted skies, while I am in great lack to have a sky at all. It to not my fault that yon are rich; I k>v« your daughter, and she returns my iovef and, saying this, Herbert looked anxiously In the direction of the window, his breast giving a great throb of joy when be saw that the blinds were dosed, and the old mao could not throw him out. " Hark ye, my lad," said the pork-packer, while a cold, skating-rink smile hovered o'er his face, " yon My yoa lore my daughter, and would win bar (or yoar bride. So be it. I hare nought against thee cave thy poverty. Come to me within a month with LQOOdoL gained try tfaine own lndustiy and skilL and Myrtle shall be your wife. If yoa fail in this her hand is given to a friend of mine who owns a glucose factory." "Bat yoa would not (ores her to marry against her will?" said Herbert. "She has plighted her troth to me." "I know not of your childish vagaries," replied the old man. " I have said my say. In three minutes I shall untie the bull-dog." Herbert went away. . . . . Midnight on Wabash avenue. Five men are seated around a table with a hole in the centre of it. Herbert is in the party, and opposite him sits hie hated rival, the man who owns an interest in the glucose factory, dealing Herbert looks at his cards and bets lOOdol. " Five hundred," said the glucose man. " A thousand," says Herbert, reaching into his pocket as if for money. " Oh, never mind getting out your roll until the hands are played," said the giuoose man. " I will be easy withyou, and only ca)L I have four aces." " Straight flush," said Herbert, in ow, bitter tones, as he laid the cards on the table, and pocketed a thousand- dollar bill, which his adver sary threw across at htm. The next night Hubert and Myrtle occupied one chair in the parlour the poik-psckert residence. " We will be married in the Fall, my sweet," she said, in a soft, low tone, kissing him passionately as she spoke. " Tes, Tootle," he murmured, "In the FalL We can live with yoar folks next winter."-"Chicago Tribune." Waemotgcp thk Housb.-"This, "observed Mr. Miles, as the postman tumbled down the oellar stairs with a registered letter, " this is what I call hard Unsa," and the worthy gentleman find a brick into the furnace, and rattled around the outside with a huge poker. "What's hard lines? What are yoa doing r iAed the postman, handing over his book and card for signature. " Trying to keep tboee people upstairs warm," replied MrrlmissL "Hello!" he continued, as a bell over bis head began to peal, "there's the fellow on the top floor again," and be opened and slammed the door, and banged away with the poker. "Bat why don't yoa bulla a fire?" de maeded the postman, looking In at the empty furnace. Mr. Miles desisted for a moment, aqd looked over the top of his glasses in mild indignation. "Do you know the prioe «T fuel f" he in quired, as sbon as he recovered his speech. " Have yoa any notion what coal oosts T" and he thumped the fuma -e vigorously. " Baild a fire! Well, I guess not! If they hear me rattling around down here they think there's a Mr head <2 steam on, and when I commence to heave bncks they all open their windows. See that load of brides t That's my tort for this winter," and Mr. Wis* poured In a ooqple of handfula, and began tonka down savagely. "Well, here, sign these, anyway," suggested the postman. "Wait a minute," ratonsd Mr.! MUsa, as another bell rang. "That's a iboek heafied newspaper man on the second floor. Hs don't get enough to sat to keep him warm**' and Mr. MW« fetched the furnace some prodigious tkttfi tai slaafmed in jnors bricks. "I ptagged «p the pips to hUyegister with carpet, so theoold sir ooaLuVget up, and yet he's howling round with a cfoffl. Hang that top floor fellow r be ejacqlatsd.as ths ftistbsU the smoke hell bagth to peeL^ "Whaftthltt other bdl.r «M the postaMn, as anoUit qw vlo outhelsririda. That's It Be*. mm wmddnt adnd takfag tt a ML would you, white I give that barrel a few tonp. ot mi vt stones, and it stands liks patting a* another toed of ooel. thafcs her up hard." I* Whllft f* fWn >M»ats»as> ^aftlAlIk *ka» fimf 