TALES AND SKETCHES. Xlie Secret J»esi»atenes. CIIAPTEn ii. — A glass OF wine. 'OUptain DoLuo arrived in duo course nt Bncuorot, and put up for the night. Host day ho walked "hont the vitlnRo and its environs a good deal, :i|i|>:ncctly without any particular purpose, and "at tho object of much gossip nnd sr.rmi.-j among tun prott.v maidens, and nlso tome curiosity on tho pnrt of elder folks. lie dined late, nnd, after dinner, directing the landlord (o tnke goo.l care of his horse nnd cairiago until Ids rclurn set out on foot, taking tho posting mail which crosses that bv which he had aniveii the night be fore, nnd leads to the Citato, of Do Belle ville.- " , . , Tho chateau still exists— « ruin, which ' no sharp I'nnrial in lliat part iif the country allows himself to miss. Ill its glory it wns a .magnificent plnrpy hut that was long .ago. i:-- Captain Do l.ltc gave his name, nnd after \- ' a little while was admitted, and . led . by a stately footman to a handsome apnrtmont, where sat the. Count do Roguin nnd his " exquisitely beautiful daughter Mademoiselle Marguerite. Da Roguin was no- longer young; but , ' his countenance beamed with intellect, courage, and also kindness. Bis shrewd oyes studied tho person of his visitor with some surprise and curiosity, not ill-bred but quite unmistakeable. Mademoiselle Marguerite, shy and a little haughty, stood near her father, likewise scrutinizing tho slight nnd youthful captain under the long lashes of her dark eyes. Do Luc told his story briefly — that ho was the avakt courieu of the noble Marquis do Villeroy, who would himself 'follow very shortly— nnd was cordially welcomed nnd invited to mako himself at home. Having seated himsolf near the count, at that nobleman's request, ho now for the first time observed another person in the room, who had been secluded iu a remote corner reading a book, but who now came forward and wns also presented, as Father Jeromo, n Cordoteir. Tho monk was tho count's nephew — toll, well-made, but pnlo with study, and per haps an ascetic life, modest and end. Captain de Luc soon told his Parisian newa— the current politics and court gossip —and madchimself highly agrcoable. The count, it was easy to 3ee, thought him a charming fellow, nnd very justly, for the captain had the gifts of satire nnd mimicry, an excellent memory end eye for character, and also the rare and happy faculty of giv ing point to the simplest anecdotes. Father Jerome could understand and ap preciate his stories as well ns Do Itoguin, for he was a bachelor of Sorbonoc and had spent several years in the grcAt world, where owing to his connections, ho was much carressed by the nobility, and was a man of accomplishments. I don't think yon could fancy i pleasanter party. Even the shyness of Mademoiselle Marguerite wore off, and she also conversed with animation and spirit. After awhile, when a little silence had overtaken tho assembly, Captain do Luc said t . " It is no secret, I behove, count, that you are going on a special mission for His . Majesty to Sardinia ?" "I expect my despatches by the marquis." fJ Youbavo no idea of their nature, of course ; but I know from what the marquis .'.chose.to let.drop that the mission is vary important— very delicate — very secret. There era some, I think, in Prussia who would liko to have a look nt those papers." Do Boguin smiled mysteriously. He wee flattered nt tho king's choice. : For five years he had retired from active affaire and tho world of diplomacy, and ho knew that this demand upon his services, in a 30080 peremptory, indicated the ex tremely delicate nature of the embassy, " Mademoiselle accompanies you ?" inquired Do Luc, knowiog very well tho contrary. . i Marguerite's countouanco fell. She seemed almost on tho point of tears. " No," said Do Roguin ; " but there is to be n chsngo for her also, doubtless even more agreeable than a sight of Italy, She ie about to be married, cnpinin, to a very worthy gontlemin, Monsieur do Chenu. velins— rich, aminbio, and of good birth." De Luc turned away to hido a atcilo. Tho yonng lady's distress was ao un concealed that the conversation again subsided, and this time tho silonce was a goad deal more awkward. PerhapB De Boguin was a little vexed ; : 1 the match was ono of his own making ; his daughter hod never objected positively, \- but. ie there, anything so irritating ns a sullen obedience ? " You will miBs each other, will you pot?" said De Luc gently. "Well, I shnll not get into trouble," ,, . laughed tho count. " If you hear that old ' Do Boguin, the famous duelist, has bccomo a poltroon, don't bo surprised. I am now tho man whom ovcrybody may insult with ..impunity." "You puzzle mo, count." "Last night mademoiselle there made me swear on the crucifix that I would ; never fight another duel. Sho is afraid I shall fail next time. Parqleu I I don't know why. But uow if some rnscal should insult mo, I can do no more than show him tho wounds of a dozen previous affairs ,as proof of my courage ; and if that satisfy him not, I must, forsooth, mako him n how and walk oil." Marguerite smiled through tho tears that bad trembled in her eyes. " You 'are safe now, dear papa." she said ; enjoying her triumph,. . " Yen, very safe," replied Be Roguin, gruffly. ; " At the mercy of every blusterer who chooses to aunoy me." "The duol, however, is not tho best test of courage, after all," remarked Do Luc. I don't aay that no man Bhould fight if ho can possibly avoid it, but he certainly should require nu actual provocation," The count uncoiisciously glanced over tho young follow's slight figure, end nt his ' handsome, effeminate face nn white, delicate hands. De Luc perceived the look and flushed n little. " Gome, Father Jerome," said Do Rognin, suddenly changing tho subject, " let ue hear your harpsichord." The monk smiled sadly, but rose in obedieuee, and immediately brought his instrument from its place in the corner and piayed very sweetly. Ho bnd, in fact, a passion for music— tho' only one, porhaps, of the many that may set poor human . nature mad — all others merged in this, so that it bad nearly rcachod tho point of folly with. tho good man, praveuting a career such ea his talents and birth "might have : reasonably bean looked to procure for him ; for is it not said: Qui bien chantk kt bien dance, fait uk 'metier qui feu avance 1 When thoy had finished they talked a little of musio arid .of the now cantata of, Bamcan, about which all the world tva's agitated, and of tho little operetta by Clavambault, which had so pleased tho king. Then, nt the captains entreaty, Mademoiselle Marguerite sang a liltlo air from Bernier's " Sleeping Cupids," sweet nnd melancholy, nnd with admirable taste. Father Jerome presently drew nearer his uncle nnd tho tiro, and Do Luc, not to his dissatisfaction, was left with tho benutiful Mnrguerito. lie chatted while she sang, and ns there is nothing liko music to bring two young peoplo quickly to no under standing, thoy soon appeared very well ac quainted. And now, in the midst of this cozy scene, the count and his ncphow conversing bofore the hearth, and the captain nod tho hand, somo yonng lady busy over tho harpsichord, the door suddenly opened and a servant an nounced : " Colonel do Schomborg." A tall, burly man, with a largo head and a rod rather brutal faco, stepped in, smiling. \- De Boguin nnd tho monk lookod for a moment nonplussed. A ghost could scarcely have astonished them more. But tho count was the first to recover, nnd, rising, he gave bis hand to tho stranger nnd welcomed him— rather dryly, perhaps ; but still it was a welcome. " Necessity forces mo to trespass upon your hospitality, count," said tho burly nnd gigantio Colonol do Schomherg. " My horse has fallen inmo nnd is unable to go a mila further." Do Boguin bowed, passing over tho apology without refercnco, nnd introduced his new guest to his daughter, and lastly to young Do Luc. "Tho constraint which followed was ex tremely painful. Th i tall man was de trof. De Boguin cleared his throat, not knowing what to do next, nnd, master of diplomacy as ho was, unable to hido his ncuto ombarassmerit. The monk looked blankly at the fire; Marguerite plucked n dreamy nnd uncertain melody from her instrument— a whisper of music; while the captain glanced upward vaguely at tho coruico, the faintest suspicion of a smile on his girlish face. Tti fact, this De Schomherg nnd the Count- de Boguio, in former years, had qnarolled, nnd it had never been fully made up. They might have fought, but there were things whispered about tho colonel which made it impossible for a gentleman to meot him. Ho was said to be a sharper, in the pay of unfriendly governments, nnd assassin. A noted dnclliat, he lied killed half a dozen men, nnd some, it was Alleged, under very dark circumstances. Laid Trevor Bashlcigh, the Englishman, little more then a stripling, he had, it was re ported, first plucked, and then next morn ing at daybreak run through nnd through, at tho first pass— a murder. Still more un pleasant scandal was current about him. with which, however, I need not trouble the reader. So uow ho sat among those good people hut not of them, with a smile on his coarse face that was wonderfully like a sneer, and something earless in his nttitudo that wns very much like insolence. "A cold night, is it not?" asked Da Boguin, at length. - " Tolorably," drawled the colonel, stretch ing out his long limbs, and smiling quecrly nt tho worm binze, as if he saw some joke written among tho flames which he alone understood. " A long ride, I daro say." " Tolerably," nodded tho other, in the soma law tone. \Vns he drunk ; De Boguin looked at his nephew ; the Cordelier meekly sighed, de. clieed to meet bis glance and took a little boob from his pocket. " Perhaps," thought the count, he intends to resent the surprise we exhibited on his appearance, nnd it certainly was in very bad taste — quite inexcusable ; aed I have not even nskod him to take some refresh. meot." So De Roguin offered this form of hospi tality, but Colonel de Schomherg avowed the need of nothing more than a little wine, which was procured. Ths gentlemen drank together, and their intercourse grew a liltlo mora genial. The count certainly did not like this ruffianly colonel ; but, then, had ho not admitted htm, tidily at least, as his guest ? They conversed very amicably, sitting by the table over the decanter and glnsses ; but tho Cordelier being abstemious, had sipped Itis nnd retreated once more to his book, while Captain de Luc had returned, glass in hand, to his beautiful companion at the harpsichord. Dc Schomherg seemed to bo one of those men who cannot go where there is wine without tasting its qualities thoroughly; at first the good, .which are found by moderation in the expriment, nnd tho bad, which show themselves ie the alternative. So tho more ho talked the more he praised, : and, - alas I the more bo drank. Ho grew argumentative, ho grew jolly, ho grew sullen, and than grew disagreeable. " You go to Sardinia soon I" he said, presently, slapping the table, leaning back and crossing his long limbs. "Yes," coughed De Boguin, doubtfully. "And yon carry important secret dis. patches?" "I don't know; it is not certain. I mean I have no official notification." " But they hnvo arrived. You hnvo them in your possession," porsisted Do Schomherg. " I assure you I have not." " Como 1 Why hide it ? Wo are friends hero 1 " " Bnt I really have no anch papers." The colonel eyed him a little tipsilly — a sullen stare— bis enormous head wagging n little. "A million devils I Why such secrecy ? I am no child to be put off ie this way. T won't liava it rardieoI Confess that you hnvo tboso secret dispatches." " I have not, monsieur. It is not yonr affair cither way," said tho count, with heightened color ; " but I have not." V- You lie !" Dc Boguin sprang to his feet with n lurid glare upon his countenance, - and stood over Do Schomherg, trembling from head to foot. Me could not apeak — I thiuk ho was choking. Tho monk also had risen, arid atobd look ing on with clasped fingers, pallid and frightened. Mndnmoislle Marguerite clung to Do Luo'a orra, convulsed with torror, saying : "Ob,; monsieur, do not let .tlicm fight I Oh, papa, remember your promise— your oath i" At last with a strangling gaap.De Roguin said : " Retract tnat 1" ' De Schomherg laughed slowly and in- , solcntly, looking him fully in tho eyes, nnd said again : /. . " You (iol" " Ono of us must die before to-morrow," returned tho count, in n measured voice, low nnd intense. v : _ , 'Marguerite uttered a scream. " Your oath, papa— ramomber your oath ! You would not perjure yourself, .darling She would' li'uve rushed to him; but jDe Luo held her. He was very paio; oven h's lips were white. " You will fight nie, of conrso 7" said Do Schomherg. Tho count sank down and hid his faco in bis hands. That atrong man wns crying. " God holp me, I cannot 1" "Well, this is chnrming!" cried tho colonel, with a hurst of hilarity. " Yon will riot, nnd Monsieur I'abbo there, on account of his cloth, can not. Tho field, therefore, is all my own." De Luc, pallid and' self-possessed, had watched everything without uttering- a word or moving a finger, except with his left hand to clutch the arm of Marguerite, and restrain her from going to her father. In tho fingers of his right there trembled his still unomptied glass of wino; nnd now slowly and deliberately raising it, he field it for an instant just nbovo his shoulder, and with nil the forco of his wrist, and a deadly precision, he hurled it at the Colonel de Schomherg, striking that gentleman directly between tho two eyes, blinding him, and smashing it into a thousand fragments. With n roar of pain, tho brnto sprang np, drawing bis sword, and staggered toward the pale yonog man ; but at the sarao moment his own wonpon was out, nnd the two blades met. " Not here, sir," said Do Luc. " Five minutes from now, in tho forest on the other side of tho park. It is a moonlight night, and we can discuss our affair very comfortably." De Schomherg towered over him, with a frightful smile ou his bleeding and stained visage. " Monsieur— my littlo friend — my sweet little friend, we shnll meet where you propose ; nnd ten minutes from now you will hnvo been cut into ono thousand slices." He turned on his heel nnd iostnntly left tho houso. Captain De Luc, placing the fainting form of Mnrguorite in a chnir, at once followed him, to he concluded in our next. j 