THE MEETING AT THE INSTITUTE. THE meeting at the Institute, on Tuesday evening, in aid of the distressed farmers, was very poorly attended,. We do not . suppose that the reason -was owing to want of sympathy, but was on account of the diversity of opinion tliat exists ; and because with the depression that has so longfceen felt, many people do not feel they can afford to subscribe ? to the fund, and consequently do not care to ally them selves with the movement. .' Setting aside for a moment the Avisdom of the course now being adopted, there isno doubt that a good number of farmers are requiring assistance who will if no seed is forthcom ing have to give up their holdings alto gether. We have before expressed our approval of the Government policy in re fusing to subsidize the subscriptions, and from the arguments adduced see no reason to alter that opinion, but believe the diffi culty may be tided over by pubb'c charity. It would certainly be it great pity to allow the country to become a vast sheep-walk, beeause very little profit would accrue from it, and so we are quite willing that tlm selectors should have another chance given them of trying to make a living at it. Of course -there are no two opinions ? respecting the question as to which will pay the colony best, farming or squatting. The latter comparatively sneaking employs but few hands, whilst farming opens out a vast field for numerous lines of business, without which we should sink into utter ? significance. Even now South Australia is but little known or talked about in the old country, probably from the absurdity of its name. If it had some distinctive name, people away froni the colouj^ would be better able to distinguish it from the ' other colonies, but as it is, it is otten imxea up in a very ludicrous manner. And since we are so dependant upon farming, we must do what lies in our power when bad seasons overtake us, to assist those who have attempted to open up the coun try. There are nevertheless grave doubts as to the atility of keeping men on ,the land beyond a certain line, and doubtless tiie success or faihyre of the coining year will decide as to the future fate of the far aorta, as far as farming is concerned. We trust thai the cycle of failures whi$h lias overtaken us has passed, and that the ensur ing harvest will prove the wisdom of ren &«U-g SWJW to tUose who are deserving of it. Some alteration ought to be made in regard to our present land system, and the spectacle of running up the price of ?- land in a doubtful coiintry-.pught not to be seen. The prices have been such that it is iiiipossible- for the men to live, aud^some thing ought to be done, so that bona^fide selectors might have the land at a reason able , and workable rate. The Weather. — The weather broke up on Tuesday last, and since then some very jnice showers have.fallen, which appear to have been pretty general throughout the colony. Variety Entertainment. — To-morrow (Saturday) evening^ a variety enter tainment 'will be given by Vaust, the mesmerist, &c.; , at Sir. Flynn's large room, Prince Albert Hotel. Catholic School. — We are compelled to hold over our report of the examina tion and entertainment of the Catholic School, which took place last night, until next week, when we intend giving a full report. Accident.— On Tuesday afternoon an accident happened to Messrs. Graves' spring dray- The driver was taking some gooas _ aown -iu.mj.ay cireei, auu .ivubu opposite Mr. Roney'4, the screw cap of the off wheel came t)fE, which liberated the wheel, when down went the dray. The driver was in the dray at the time, but be yond the top rails being smashed, no damage was done. Death of Mb. Innes. — We regret hav ing to record the death of Mr. Wm. Innes, of Innesfield, near Smithfield, which occurred on Sunday last. Deceased had been in the colony about 42 years, and -was highly respected by those who knew him.-. He was 72 i years of age. His remains were interred at Inkermann, on Tuesday last. Mr. Joseph Blake of Smith field conducted the funeral, .at which there was a large attendance. Pbishtive Sunday School. — On Sunday next the Sundaj'-school .anniversary ser vices in connection with the above school will foe held afternoon and evening, and will be more than ordinarily interesting from the fact of it beinff the last time the Rev. B,. J. Daddow will officiate prior to Ms removal to Mount Barker. The usual tea' and public meeting will be held on the Monday following. Trip to the Semaphore. — On Friday next, (Good Friday), the Baptist Sunday School are going to take a trip to the Semaphore, and we notice a limited number of tickets are to be supplied to the public. As the day is a general holiday, and seeing the fare is so cheap — including as it does, a ride on the sea — there ought to be a great rush for tickets, which can be obtained from any of the teachers of the school. Given a fine day the holiday will prove a very enjoyable one, and the public ought not to lose such a favorable opportunity of having a good day's outing. The sale of tickets will positively close on Wednesday even- ing next. Football.— The annual general meeting of the Gawler Albion Football Club- was held at the Gawler Institute, on Tuesday evening, March' 28, Mr. J. Eitzgerald in the chair, There was a good attendance, and ten new members Avere elected. The secretary's report showed the club to be in before publishing the names. The follow ing officers were elected :— Captain, J. Fitzgerald 5 vice-captain, J. Devine ; and lion, secretary and treasurer, E. li. Harry. The match and general committee to con sist of the Captain, vice-president, and secretary, and Messrs. J. Baker, T. Freak, and E =Fitzgerald. Rifle Match.— The return rifle match between the. Gawler Volunteers, and the Cavalry, was fired ofF at the Fulham ranges on Wednesday last, and resulted in a victory for the Cavalry by 14 points. Four of the best shots of the Gawler Oompany were absent. The Cavalry made 495, and the Gawlers 48L The following are the scores of the Gawler team : — ~ 400 500 600 Ttl Ffc. T. Baldbck ... 26 19' 21 66 Sgt. E. Freak ... 20 19 18 57, Pt. J. Baidock ... 20 20 15 55 -L-CpL J. Freak ... 24 15 13 52 PS. L. C. Dawe ... 21 15 15 51 Pt. W. Sunimerton ... 14 19 17 50 Lieut,- Martin .... 23 12 10 45 CpL H. Crump ... 17 14 12 43 Ool-Sgt, Crump ... 18 9 4 31 Sgt. S. Harbour ... 11 8 12 31 Emergency — Pt. J. GuUan ... 19 14 17 50 Handicaps vqr Hifle Match. — The following are the handicaps iu the annual aifle match in connection with the Gawler Hine Club to take place on April ]2 : — . -Surgeon Popham, Lieut Taylor, Private T. Baidock, and Corporal H. Cruilip 0 points, Lance-corporal J. Freak and Private J. Sweeney, 2 points ; Captain Plummer and Private L. C. JDawe, 4; Private W. Summerton, 5; Sergeant E- Freak, 7; Lieut. Martin, and Private J.' Baidock, 8 ; Color-sergeant J, Crump, 10; Privates H. Freak, and J. Jones, 14 ; J, Murray, and P. O'Shea, 15 ; Sergeants S. Harbour, and A.\ Sweeney, 23 ; Privates J. Gullen, A. Baidock, and R. Busbridge, 23 ; G. .Sniitli; R,- Scuomburgh, — Bugg, J. Rolle, and Lance-corporal Cronibie, 31 ; Privates J. Smith, 35, J. Summerton, 14, and Alf . Fox, 5. Caste. — On Friday evening last the comedy of Caste was' given at the Institute Hall by tlie members of the Amateur Dramatic Society. From various causes there was only a small attendance, which was but poor encouragement to those y.'Iiq took part, and we believe there is not much likelihood, of the Society giving these plays unless more support is accorded them. However, those present had a thoroughly enjoyable evening, as with the exception'of the' first act which ' lagged,', somewhat the comedy was played in a verv careful inanner. Mr. F. Nash as the Hon. Geo. D'Alroy was very good indeed, and W. V.-Gl Tnbe made an excellent Captain Hautree: -'The life and soul of the comedy rests in Eceles, and no fault I could be found with Mr. i arker Jones]s interpretation of that character, and Ins acting fairly earned the applause bestowed. Mr. Sydney Fotheringhain made a very natural Sam Gemdge. Miss Annie Jones , as the Marquise de St. Maur was a success, j and Miss Kitty Jones as Polly Eceles was , exceptionally good, and Mrs. Popbam was well suited to Esther Eceles. This the second performance of the club, must; be pronounced a good success, and it isa pity that ifeeij? ^forts are not more highly appreeiateC -1 Baptist. Mutual Impkovesient Society, i — On Thursday evening last the second meeting of the Baptist Mutual Improve ment Society took place, when there was a large attendance. The Sev. S. Howard, the President, occupied the chair. A paper was read on the*- Press' by Master Moys, and several songs were sung inan jefli^en't manner. ?? Mr. Drakard -gave an cessay on tue '' L-omic feme or -Lure, which proved highly interesting. The liev. S. Howard proposed a vote of tlianks to the essayist, and expressed himself as agreeably sur prised at the manner in wbich the subject ?was dealt witli. Mr, Drakard, in reply, promised to give them the companion essay on ' The Stern Side of Life ' at a future meeting. After several temperance pledges had been taken a very enjoyable evening terminated. Miss Bowman efficiently presided at the organ. Gawler Temperance League. — The adjourned general meeting of the Gawler Temperance League was held iu the Institute Committee Eoom on Tuesday evening last. There was only a moderate attendance. . The minutes of the previous meeting were read and confirmed. After considerable discussion, the following officers were elected — President : Mr. E. Clement ; Vice-Presidents : Mr. J. Davis, and the Rev. J. Nicholson; Treasurer: Mr. W. F. Wincey, J.P. ;' Secretary : Mr. E. C. Marsh ; Committee : Messrs. W. Malcolm, J.P., W. CrookaU, J. N. Richards, I. A. Plummer, J. Allen, R. Trigar, E. Marsh, A. Forgie, H. E. Coombes,— Wills more, and H. Locke. Votes of thanks were passed to the President, and to the Rev. II. J. Daddow, and regret was expressed that circumstances caused the latter gentleman to sever himself from their midst. Accounts were passed for pay ment amounting to £4 4s. 3d. Valedictory. — On Sunday evening last the Rev. R. W. Campbell preached liis farewell sermon at the Wesleyan Church prior to his removal to Jamestown. There was a large audience present, including representatives from most of the other churches in the town. The text was taken from 2nd Cor., 13 chapter, and 14 verse. ' The Grace of the Lord Jesus Christ, and the love of God, and the Communion of the Holy Ghost be with you all, Amen.' The discourse was a very able one, and marked by great earnestness. On Wed nesday evening a farewe.'l tea and social meeting was held in the schoolroom, which were very largely attended, many country people being present. The chair at the public meeting was occupied by Mr. W. Dawkius, senior, Circuit Steward. A letter was received from Mr. W. F. Wincey, J.P., stating that owing to ill- health he was unable to be present, and regretting' very much Mr. Campbell was about to leave. Short addresses eulogistic of the services of Mr. Campbell, and expressing regret at his departure, and hopes that he would return to the circuit were delivered by Mr. J. Bray, (Buchsfelde), W. Kelly, (Onetree Hill), S. Dawkins and J. Pederick, (Gawler River), C. H. Annells, F. Fowler, A. Forgie, James Jones, J. Coles, J. Limb, E. Batchelor, and fl. J. Coagreve. The chairman in the course of -his renilfk^ stated that through the liberalig^^K several friends they had a balance oJ^^^S or three pounds in band. He then ^*§||lil| had a very pleasing duty to perf orn^^^S on^atin and mounted; It read as f ollo^pslPa 'To the Rev. R. W. Campbell, Re£||si|| Dear Sir — In taking your departuret^rojijl amongst us, after laboring in our ^iia^j for three years, we feel that 'we «£ffQflj|| allow you to leave without m some siig-uCi manner acknowledging your very yaluS)le1 services as our minister during that pTaroiJ,-s we beg you therefore to accept off3Ui|s| address as a small token of tbe:7liiglp esteem aud love in which you are;-3hiiM| throughout this circuit, and as an exptelP? sion of thorough appreciation of'.^CJaiJ services. We cm bear testimony: /^at| throughout the circuit your labors,;3i^6| been greatly valued and lughly appreciafef || and to the very general regret,- th^t^ij accordance with the laws of our conf djggnc&H; the time of your departure lias come-l^ej rejoice greatly that our associatiojSjfSlH| gether has been one of peace and H^ppI-' ness, and of great spiritual profit to u^its a people. In bidding you farewefl^ej pray that our Heavenly Father may ipu|.-| dantly bless both you and yours, and:1?!!^ your life may be long spared to woiikl|Sgi'J tbe cause of our Divine Master. — Si|j|i.fid; on behalf of the Circuit, Win. Da^n^ and Jas. Bray, Circuit Stewards.' fTJej Rev. R. W. * Campbell upon rising^Va^r. received with hearty applause, and said4ie1 could quite im lerstand while listening to tjiej multitude of kind things that bad beeu^ki that it was owing a great deal to his ofiiciaj| relation to the church, although the terfif, 'official ' in church life always gratea^Qiii his ear. It was like the term arias^e,1 when applied to a preacher, and he tiffer liked it. The speaker then gave a stircbg account of bis conversion, and of Install to the ministry, and proceeded to siiy/Jjhat J he wished they cotlld be content to/be Wesleyan Methodists. As a church fjieyp were not getting too respectable, but £fgr& becoming too humble iu a certain sens%i They were too much disposed to ask, wha^ other chin-cljes spoke of them, and .x^liatj wall other churches do? . Now they||i|B| to mind their own business, and do |il|a|| ownfvvork, (applause) and if other cnurjghej| did not agree with their modes of wof^soi much tbe worse for them. (Appl^^l He hoped the time would come when theu| young men would cease to be influeni&jd;| so much by public opinion as to what jfcliey| ought to do or ought not to do. He.|jad| been tausrht that public-opinion was wpng* and opposed to the will of God, and ;3ifca.ff society was godless from top to bott^; and they went out to warn public opupgnji and to instil other thoughts into ujgTt'.Sl minds. There was in the church at Gawler a very strong element of devotedness and J vilb'nsrness to work in many hearts, andlie hoped that in the fnture when be JieariJ ^f their doings that they would still be-^iii^ proving in that direction. He then con-. eluded by an earnest appeal to thcise present to be loyal to their convictions and to Gqd, aqd prayed in tbe prayer.: :pf: tbe text of the Sunday evening previou^ that tbe Grace of the Lord Jesus Ghrisfr and tlie Love of God and the Comniunioja; of tbe Holy Ghost might abide with tb,e.njt ever more. (Applause). During, Ji|: evening the choir sang several of Sankey3^; hymns, and the proceedings terminated bj?. singing ' Shall we gather at the river7': Mr. Campbell during ins three years spay. in Gawler has made himself quite popnUfrJ : and there, is general regret at bis leaving;! f His sermons have been sound, well thought out discourses, and have displayed far more -than average, ability. We heartily wish the jrev. gentleman prosperity in his new sphere of labor. 