EXPERIENCE OF A FAfeT YOUNG MAN. A S soon as I could run about, and could repeat conversations I had heard, I J iked to listen to the swearing of workmen who were engaged near ray home, and at the early age Gf five I learned to swear, even swearing at my parents when they vexed me. When I was about seven I contrived, by telling a lie, to get away from home to the river Thnmes, where I neariy met my death by drowning. I fell into the water from off a wharf but was rescued shortly afterwads. When I lw-gan to work I nearly met with an accident which would have broken my neck. I was on a very high stage which was erected for the purpose of pumping water to a height that would allow it to run off a distance through troughs, when I lest my balance and was in the act of falling when one of the workmen stretched forth his hand and rescued me. At the age of ten I broke open my sister's money-box and .stole the contents therefrom, and bad spent the money when I was found out. My future life, which it then appeared . would end in prison, seemed to hare flashed across my mother's mind, for 3he fell down upon her knees liefore me, and with tears open her cheeks in.plored for God's sake, if I would not for her sake, to leave off this dreadful way of living. Her entreaties were of no effect. When I was apprenticed I found companions who were as bad as myself, and went with them to a low public-house, and joined them in gambling, low slang, and cursing. I got disgusted with this low company, and sought more respectable associates, and with them frequented the play house and opera-honse and worse places. Had not the arm of GoJ arrested me I should have been driven to illegal means of obtaining sufficient money and been openly ruined and disgracedfor life. Within a year before my conversion I fell into the errors of the Romish heresies. I was only instructed in the doctrines, not received into the Church. Although I negan to take np the form of religion I never left my sins, my life never turned one shade. Although previous to this I would break the Sabbath with a consciousness of wrong-doing, I could, when under Romish guidance, break it with greater impunity, because they hold that a man after he has been to one mass, which is held in the morning, can spend the rest of the Sabbath in pleasure. As a sinner T found this creed an easy one, bec ause it seemed as if God made His laws to suit man and his sin ; hut 1 have found out since that God's laws are made, and His Spirit is given, to save men from committing sin. Six months previous to my conversion God was pleased to deliver me from sudden death and everlasting woe. One Saturday evening I went to Stamford Hill, to help some friends of mine to remove their furnituie, and I drMnk too freely of the malt liquor provided for the men who were removing it. In a state of intoxication I rode on the top of the furniture van to Shepherd's Bush* When coming down P<tntonville Hill I fell from the top of the van into the road, and most providentially escaped death from either a broken neck or being run over. Thus again did God in His mercv spare me from destruction. One evening daring this portion of my life, which was blinded and darkened by Romish errors, I was stayed on an errand of sin, awakened, and soon after brought to the feet of Christ. I went out to purchase a well-known filthy publication when an old schoolfellow met me, and spoke to me of the pure Gospel, and urged me to flee from the wrath to come. This was on the 16th of June, 1879. When I arrived home that night I prayed that God would direct ma into the right path. On the Suuday following this I went to chapel, although I had made the determination never to enter a Protestant place of worship—I was quite a bigoted Romanist—and heard the minister pray, " Should an anxious soul be here this morning, Lord, leave him not till he bo at peace with Thee." During the time of my conviction which lasted three weeks, I found no rest being tormented in soul night and day. I felt I could no longer endure it and went to a meeting of young men and told them my state. Since that night I have been living in the enjoyment of the knowledge of sins forgiven. Four months after this I became an assistant conductor of a children's mission, and am now in a larger sphere endeavoring to proclaim the Gospel of Christ. At one time.my burning desire was to become an actor, to use my intellect on the stage ; but God has called me to u*»e It for His work, not for the devil's; to cheer souls on to heaven, whereas I intended to cheer them as they passed on to eternal destruction. Sceptics may say what they please about religion, but I am certain of this, that atheism or freethinktng could not have changed me. My change was not gradual, It was sudden : I was bora again by the power of the Holy Ghost.—Tel egmph. C HUNDER SEN, the founder of the Brahmo Sotnaj, has alienated a number of his followers through allowing his daughter to be married before she was sixteen. The OUTLOOK says:—'One of the greatest evils incident to Hindu civilisation is the early marriage of children. Mr. Wood, in his article npon Chunder Sen, states that be was present one evening at a wedding where a boy of six was married to a girl of four. * The boy,' he adds, * most become a man before he takes his wife to his home, but if he should die in the meantime, the child whom he ceremonially married must always remain a widow.' Latterly the Brahmo Somaj, have made an effort to break up this demoralising practice bv taking an obligation npon themselves not to marry their daughters until the latter have reached the age ot sixteen. It is hard, however, in the face of popular custom, even for the reformers to observe this rule, and Chunder Sen himself lately, in the case of his own daughter, broke it, as Mr. Woods relates thus ;—' A few years ago a Maharajah, or prince, was left an orphan, and became necessarily a ward of the English Government. His property was cared for, and his education —a very careful one—seen to by the Lieutenant-Governor of Bengal. This young Maharajah, of Kuchberge, became one of the best known characters in Calcutta, and was universally liked, both by the natives and the Europeans, it was thought wise for him to travel in Europe, but it was more than probable that if he undertook the journey unmarried he would return with a European wife, and this would injure his influence over his future subjects. The English Government wished him to be married at once and on look- ing around for a wife Bail able for their war! they decided to make proposals for the ban of the daughter of Keshub Chunder Sen. J was a great temptation ; a real Indian princj and called by the English the best of thera a! It was too great a temptation to be restate! and a few months before the young lady fag reached her sixteenth birthday she was ma ried to the Maharajah, but with the conditio that she was not to be taken to his home t: his return from Europe. Even the Kuropeai considered the marriage unobjectionable, bi the members of the Brahmo Somaj moved court of inquiry into the conduct of the minister, and, in spite ot his assurance th he had received a direct revelation fro heaven that this marriage was right and pr per, a large number withdrew from the Brabn Somaj, and organised a reformed Somaj their own/ HE Rev. Signor Craciaui, late Bom: T Catholic rector of Forto Ban Giorgi on the second Sunday in April, In the Ame can Methodist Episcopal Church at Ron 1 before the largest audience the church h ever contained, gave an account of the a'rcui stances which had led him to resign his char and embrace the pure troth of the gosp Doubts, he said, had arisen in his mind soi eleven years ago as to the teaching* of t Church of Rome, and he had written to nrws agency in this city asking for the £ddr< of some Protestant minister, with whom j might correspond on the subject. The agen replied that they did not know of any, a thus he waaf left to himself and to bis dkwl till the news reached him through the pap< of the startling step taken by Count Campel This case seemed to hi«i to meet his own, % without delay, but with doe caution, he i about entering into communication with i religious community of which he had tl learned the existence'. He called on I Vernon, of the Methodist Episcopc! Choi in Rome, and made known the state of mind to him, without, however, at first d closing who he was or whence he came. 1 doctor put before him very clearly all ' . difficulties in the way of the change he p posed making; but Signor Craciani was » deterred, and in the evening returned w papers setting forth that be was the rector Porto Sau Giorgio, a parish of some 1 thousand souls, and had nine priests un him. The result of this visit was a prolong correspondence between the Protestant n sionarv and the Catholic priest, wh:ch has length resulted in the latter resigning charge and coming to Rome to make pn' profession of his new-born faith. His addi was listened to with sustained interest by largest audience the Church of Piaxza I had ever contained, and at the close a per; storm of applause broke forth. • • I When the Wesleyan Methodist Church j erected hi Paris a clause was put into i agreement with the contractor to the effect! no Sunday work should be done in connect with its erection. It is to be regretted t other Protestant churches have not adop the same course. The New York Indepe ent is responsible for the following:—' beautiful American Episcopal church is i building in Paris, Dr. Morgan, rector, to < a fabulous amount. It is a little surpra to see masons* nnd carpenters* work going on Sanday, just the same as on any ol day." AT the annual meeting of the Regent- et Presbyterian Church, Dr. Dykes presided, stated that his pastorate had extended to t . teen years, and that his health had so much improved that for the past year he had not been once absent from his pulpit through indisposition. 