IIVMC OR DUD.' BY "ATHA." BOOK I.— THE WINGATES. / # Chapter II. (Continued). The young man made no Answer, save by an irrepressible groan of remorse. The corporal hoard it, and it touched him with compassion, for he said quiokly, 'Come, lad, don't heed what I say, for irsiifceiy l am not wholly in earnest. The past iB past, and it cannot be recalled, but there m a latum for all who wish to atone for the past. Tell me . what you intend to do?' ... . « I hardly know. I should like to get put of England as quickly as possible,' answered Claude. _ - _ ... ;' The ppymimiar tacked bis swordunder his arm and promenaded the forge for several minutes, and then, turning to his companion, There is only one way in which your desire can be accomplished with success. Are you willing to place yourself entirely in my hands ?' u . The proprietors of 44 "toe Weekly Wines " fcav« purchased the right of publishing this story in Vic toria. . i . ' ' . Yes, wholly- — fully, Corporal Ball.' Very well. I shall demand complete obedience at your hands,' answered the old hussar. Do what you will, corporal. Only let me go away from here. That is all I ask, ' rejoined Claude Wingate. 'Follow me, and make no noise. No one here must know you have been in Cran- bourne,' said the veteran, blowing out the light of the lantern, for the dull, winter morning was beginning to ' break over the snow-clad township. Whatever I may do will be for your benefit, and you have given me your word that you will submit quietly and 'without comment to my ruling. Is that so, my lad ?' 4 Quiteso, corporal, and God bless you for your kindness.' Without reply Harry Ball led the way from the shop to the rear of the house. The window-shutters were still closed, and -the inmates apparently sound asleep. Entering the building by a side door in the wall, and screened from the road by several trees, tbe old soldier conducted his companion to the apartment known as the Barrack.' 4 You will be safe here from visitors, Claude, ' said he in a kind tone, 4 but yet the utmost caution will be necessary.' ( I will be careful, sir. Have no fear on that score.' In that cupboard by the window you will find some food. Here in this trunk is a suit of mufti ; they will be a little tight for you, perhaps ; never mind, squeeze yourself into them, they will be a better disguise than the rags you have.' 4 Don't let me rob you,, corporal ; there is a large trunk of my own clothing upstairs which ' The veteran interrupted him at once.. 4 Remember your promise, lad,' said he quietly ;'do what I bid you.' 4 Very well, sir.' . ' And now I should recommend three things as necessary for your base.' 4 Name them, corporal.' 4 Change. your uniform at once; eat; and then sleep.'. 4 Not a very difficult task, sir, under the \- circumstances.' 4 Good! Iam going to look you in; you do not mind that V 4 Not at all; corporal.' The veteran closed the door gently, locked it, and deposited the key in his pocket. At the end of the passage winch led to the barrack a flight of stairs: approached the npper story of the house. Tim corporal paused at the foot of the stair and stroked his thick mou stache in a reflective mood for several minutes. . As he was about to ascend, the voice of Lena " was heard from above : 4 Dear papa, up so early ! Is. any thing tbe matter?' '"Matter! no darling. Why?'T 'Because I thought I heard jflie sound of voices proceeding from the shop,' replied Lena, as she deoehded the stairs. ' 4 Tut! you've been dreaming, child,' answered the corporal gaily, and kissing her. I was just coming fo see if you was stirring, my dear, because I have some business which will tkke me from town to-day. 'Business 'Repeated kLena, opening wide her large dark eyes in surprise. 4 This is not pension day, pkpa !' . 4 No, it is not. I only wish it was,' rejoined the old hussar gravely. 4 I've no doubt we could manage better if pension days came round a little oftener through the year ; don't you think so, pet? However, it isn't any thing in regard to the pension which takes me away.' 4 Oh! May I inquire what this most important business is ?' demanded the girl archly. 4 You may, of course, dear, but I am afraid I can't gratify your curiosity in this instance. Now don't look at me in that way. You see I intended going off at once .without disturb ing you, only I wanted to ask a favour, Lena.' ' The girl's facie became grave instantly, and a strange light lit up her eyes as she looked fondly Ja,t her companion. 4 Dearest father, weare one, you and I; say what you would have me do,' she said quietly. 4 Hem ! I-—— my Jove, I have a person— a — shut — or rather locked in my room — which I am desirous should nqt be seen/by anyone a bout the place. You underefondf ' Lena stared at the veteran for the space of a minute, and then broke forth into a per 1 of merry laughter. 4 Oh, I see ! it's a lady, of course, and she's goingto rob poor Lena of her own hoodie doodle papa. How - awful — and at your time of life, sir!' she rejoined with mock solemnity. : 1 Damme! you— you minx ! what d'ye mean V thundered the corporal fiercely, with -his face reddening up like the comb of a tnrkeycoek. 1 4 It isn't a lady, then, after all !' putin Lena quickly, but slyly. 4 A lady ! pshaw, miss! don't attempt 'to humbug me. A lady, indeed! No /it's a man ; I've locked him in my room, and I want you . to mount guard over it until I return,' 1 4 Very well, sii ! Where is your carbine? I can't very well mount guard without a weapon.' . 4 What a teasing puss it Is. How do be serious for '(foe moment, cried the corporal. rail me what you wisb,deareat fatherr ?' 4 Simply this, Lena. I do not waut any- one — not even yourself— to approach my rodm daring my absence. Believe me, my dear child, I have very good reasons for what I am doing.' 4 It is a real pleasure to ma to obey you in everything, father,' answered the girl in a low tone. 4 Whomsoever the occupants of your room may be, I will guard thetnfromiatru- sioa if possible. When will you return ?' 4 To-night, my dear ! In the meantime make excuse to my old friend when he turns out, and keep strict watch.' He drew the girl towards him as he spoke, and, pressing his lips to her fair brow, he went out to the stable and saddled a stout cob. Then patting on an old cavalry overall, the corporal mounted and rode away through the drifting snow. Chapter IIL — The Royal Sovereign. A large cheerful fire blazing and roaring up a wide chimney within the roomy parlour of a noted hostelry in the town of Exford, distant twenty-five miles from Cranbourne. . The Royal Sovereign was known, far and wide, over the whole county of Yorkshire. It stood in a line with Vickers Croft, and was only a one-storied edifice, but the old sport ing pub. could hold its own against many a grand hotel, not merely on account of its superior accommodation, but for the celebrity of the customers who frequented it. The inference mustnot.be drawn that lords and ladies of high degree were to be met with here. On the contrary, the tout ensemble of most of its frequenters and loungers was anything hut aristocratic, and the conversa tion the reverse of polite. No. The secret of its fame rested on its military reputation, for it was the head recruiting depot in the county. Here had enlisted many a brave and handsome fellow, who little dreamed, when he first placed the gay streamers in his cap, that mayhap his bones would lay rotting in some lonely corner of the globe, faraway from friends and home. Here manya country lout, fresh from the plouglf, had awakened out of a tipsy sleep, and found himself, to his surprise, one of Her Majesty's servants, and where the regimentel drill sergeant soon banished his slouching, swinging gait, and taught him the upright carriage and the independent step of a soldier. Here our friend Corporal Ball had taken the Queen's shilling thirty years ago, and had returned covered with glory, and several medals for gallant daring under fire, to the wonder and admiration of his friends, and to the envy of Sergeant Stiff, the recruiting officer hi charge of the rendezvous at Exford, who hadn't a medal, and who had never seen a shot fired save atjball practice. \- Although it was scaroely: noon, the interior of the old receiving-room, in the rear of the bar, was full of young men, interspersed with several loafers, who were too old to be enlisted for the army. About a dozen soldiers in uniform were seated round the red coal fire, enjoying them selves after their kind with tobacco and beer. Anyone who has had the pleasure of seeing Leopold as 'Frog,' in 4 Die Fledermans' at the Opera House, may form some idea of Sergeant Stiff, recruiting officer, who occupied the post of honour near the parlour fire. The sergeant wore a scarlet tunic much too short - in the tail, also a silk sash of the%ame bright colour. He carried a sabre buckled round his tremendous paunch, and from his forage cap there dangled half a dozen narrow ribbons of divers colours, and about a yard in length. Seated a little way behind the recruiting sergeant was a tali, welLmade young man, who had enlisted the -day previously. He was perfectly Sober, and -was reading an old, well-thumbed book, quite unconscious of the presence of the noisy rabble about him. 4 Come, Scraper, mount your perch, and discourse sweet music,' said the sergeant, addressing a dirty-looking fellow smoking a short, vile-looking pipe. 'Who's agoing to play when there's nothing to sup ?' answered the dirty violinist. 4 Where's the lush?' that's what I wants to know. No beer, no music— them's my senti ments for you.' 4 What do ye mean, sir V retorted the officer, indignantly. 'Her Majesty allows you the magnificent remuneration of six- pence per diem, and three pints of beer to play ; and sing for the amusement and edification of foe recruits of Her Majesty's army. Beer, indeed ! Pugh ! By gad, I'll have you tried before a court martial, and flogged.' 4 Yer can't, I'm not enlisted,' replied the fiddler in a dogged tone, at the same time mounting a . kind of shelf fixed to the wall, and about six feet fromtoe floor. Here he took his fiddle from a nail by which it had hung, and gave a few preliminary squeaks. 4 What be I to Sing?' ha asked, gruffly. 4 Let me see;' said the sergeant, reflec tively, stroking his fat chin. 4 Ah 2 give us toe,4 Charge of the Light Brigade.' , . 'That ain't a song,' answered the fiddler. 4 Silence . How dare you reply to me, sir?' Tdhaveyou know, that I belong to that glorious body of men who fought at Balaklava. Men who rode into the jaiys of hell, eir. Men whose bravery and darfog a dirty scoundrel like you can have no conception of.' 4 No, nor you neither,' growled the fiddler. The officer's coarse face swelled with in dignation. - Halt, sir! Don't reply to /me ; i>y gad, I'M — I'll get another fiddler, as sure as. my name's Joe Stiff. But, no,' he added, folding his arms, ' a mean scoundrel like you is utterly beneath a soldier's notice.' 4 Dou't fluster yourself. I'd rather be beneath your notice than beneath that big body of yourn, I can tell you,' replied the fiddler. 4 1 suppose you forget all about Tom, the hostler, and I taking youup.to bed last night? Tom was in front, and I behind yer, and we'd just gotten you as far as the first landing when you gives a lurch backward, an' down you comes right on the top on me. It wor a mercy I wasn't crushed toa mummy.' At that moment the parlour- door was opened, and Corporal Ball entered the room. Sergeant Stiff had risen to his feet to inflict summary chastisement upon, the unwashed person of the , fiddler, but the moment his eye fell upon the yeferau the stem aspect ©f his countenance changed in a moment. - 4 Harry Ball, by fire and brimstone ! How are you, old comrade ? Why, damme, you're covered with snow ? I say, ye dirty squad, fall back three paces from the .fire — march !' 'How are you, Stiff? Glad to see you,' said the old soldier, shaking the snowfiakes from him like a Newfoundland dog. 4 1 suppose business is brisk ; plenty of recruits, eh ? Don't stir men, I'm not at all cold. ' 1 Cold!' repeated the sergeant, with the air of a Sir Charles Grandison ; 4 1 should say not, corporal. I'll lay a wager that if some of these fellows here had been with our regiment in the Crimea they'd not be cluster ing round this fire like a lot of black beetles round a sugar cask. I should like to know what such chaps as these would have done during that first winter, when the hair on their heads would have been stiffened with frost, and when (if they'd happened to fal asleep) they'd have discovered a dozen icicle 1 on their beards when they awakened— eh, s Ballv old boy!' The 4 old boy didn't seem to assent very readily to the speaker's supposition, inasmuch as he knew very well that the well-fed, portly form before him had never left England daring that terrible straggle. - The tall recruit looked up from the- book he was reading, and scanned the veteran with a keen look. \ 4 Gome, corporal, take off your coat and muffler ; we'll have hot grog all round. Hew are the people in Cranbourne?' and the sergeant rang the hell for the landlord, Harry Ball took the recruiting officer aside, and said — 4 Stiff, I want to have a chat with .you in the next room, if you can spare me half ah hour.' 4 Oh, yes, a month if you like, corporal I wonder what he wants?' muttered he, plunging his fat hands into his empty pockets, ' .while he followed the old soldier into ' an adjoining room. Corporal Ball divested himself of his upper garment and his hat, called for two brandies hot, which were quickly supplied ; he. then closed the door, and seated himself opposite the sergeant. . . . 4 Got many recruits lately V Inquired Ball, sipping his liquour. . r.:, 4 No; time's awfully dull since the Horse Guards have raised, toe standard from five feet six to five Jeet mne.1 can't get young fellows at that height. Pve only enlisted one chap this last three weeks.' 4 Is-that the man who is readinjg in the par lour?' 4 That's him ; a fine strapping chap, and no mistake,' replied the sergeant. 4 He came to me the other day and inquired if any of the home regiments were under orders for foreign service. I replied / that the 6— th Light' Infantry had received orders to hold them selves in readiness to embark at a day's notice for Auckland, New Zealand, and that they wanted a few spirited yonng fellows like him to recruit the corps to its proper number before leaving England.' 4 And are the 6— th ordered out, Stiff?' ' Fact, Ball, I assure you. The Maories have been kicking' up, a bobbery. I believe they have shot a score or two of settlers, and. burned their farms. Anyway, the 4 Light Bobs ' don't know the momenttbey will be ordered fo embark.' 4 Where is the regiment stationed?' inquired the corpoial. 4 At Bristol,' answered the sergeant, drain ing his glass. 4 Oh, quite handy ! Have another glass, Stiff?' 4 With the greatest pleasure in life, Ball, my boy. Damme, you're a real good .follow, and I always said eo,' Tbe veteran smiled. He, had an idea that a glass of grog, more or less, would convert the gallant recruiting officer into a flattering friend for the nonce. The, old dragoon had the glasses replenished. 4 And this young man in the next room,' inquired the eprpojal ; 4 he has enlisted, of courise? 4 Yes.' - 4 He hasn't spoken half adozen words sinoe he came here,' continued . the sergeants 4 save, to the postman about some letter he expected. That burly r uffian,Fighting Bill, said something to' the young fellow this morning which pro voked himm, and they adjourned In rear- of toe place to have it out; but, dear me, toe recruit had it all his own? way ; toe fighting mam hadn't the ghost of a ' first two rounds, apd, you may beSrhe, he'll think twice before he crosses the young ster again.' 4 That is toe kind of metal that soldiers are made of, eh, Stiff?' Sergeant Stiff adjusted his high silk stock, and surveyed himself proudly in the mirror opposite. 4 Hem ! we know the genuine ring, old boy ; there's .always an affinity between the true and brave. Drink upl'' The old veteran laughed. 4 1 know where to find a comrade for your meruit,' said he, after a pause. . The gallant sergeant pricked hp his ears. 4 By gad, Ball, you're a brick! Is he five feet nine inches high ?' 4 Two inches over it.' 4 Indeed ! By gad, Ball, you're a . How old is he ?' 4 Twenty, or perhaps a year less.' 4 Give me ybur hand, corporal. I always said you were a regular . Where is this chap of yours to be found ?' 4 You shall Bee him to-night, sergeant.' 4 That's enough, corporal; 'drink up. Damme I haven't a stiver, but I'll stand a call, if I have to leave my sword in bond for it.' 4 You surely don't call that article a sw6rd V said the corporal, with some contempt. 4 It is, though; theregulaion sabre for officers of the line is exactly this size.' Indeed! don't pledge it then, for mercy's sake it becomes yon mightily, sergeant ; I'm sure you'd be lo3t without it ; besides, I've, half a dozen silver portraits of Her Majesty (God bless.her !) Jeft in my pouch, and I mean to spend them.' Hurrah! I retreat; but look, you must give me my revenge when I'm in funds, mind that. _ Ring for the landlord.' 4 Steady, sergeant, steady 1 I have a word to say before we have our tumblers refilled. This young man whom I "have' mentioned will not enlist except upon two conditions, said the corporal gravely. 4 What ate they ?' 4 That he be sworn in and sent by rail to join his regiment before to-morrow morning.' ' Phew ! impossible, comrade ; why, yton know very well there is no court held after twelve of noon in Exford.' 4 Yes, I know that very well ; But tell me, sergeant, have you, in the coarse of your service, ever had recruits passed after twelve -o'clock midnight?' 4 Of course; but that was daring the Crimean War. Men were, wanted urgently at that time, and we used to take the recruits to the nearest magistrate after they had passed the doctor's examination, and send them off at once, but now- — ' Oh! I understand,' interrupted the cor poral ; 4 yoU are not' so particular now. Well, it is a pity, and I'm afraid you'll lose two guinea8l0al8o one of-the finest-looking young men ontside the British ranksA1 The old corporal spoke quietly, but he eyed- his companion with a keen, anxious glance . ' ' ' Z:'T / '' "1 "The recruiting officer reflected' for some minutes, Jiben toddenly asked : " yV 4 How is it you are in such a hurry to get Jhis young mairaway to-night ?'! L . " 4 Yarn not in a hurry. V 4 But the—this friend of yours— -w;By floes r he want fo .be ojff ih such .haste t Ti : I cannofc say ,' answered the. old / soldier, coolly. 7 v ; . . 4 Has he committed foiy crime ?' No. He is as innocent as — you or ,my- self.' - ' " " . 4 Humph ! I think I can manage it,' said the sergeant, speaking more to himself than to his companion. 4 1 knew you could,' replied the. veforan, , triumphantly. 4 Here, landlord, fill these glasses. Mind, hot and strong tnia timQ.' 4 When will your man Be here. Ball ?v The corporal glanced toward a large eight day clock that stood in a corner of toe room, ana answered; ... . .,3 . 4 It is now three— he will be here at ten o'clock to night.' ' ' 7 4 You will accompany Jfom?'., , . No; he will come t ,:/ V : 4 How shall I know himT . ' V ; : L. 4 My name will be tbe countersign between you.' ' Good! Here's his health, and, may . be prosper in the service.' ' ' ; 4 HI join issue, sergeant.' - ; ; / J They sat and gosriped ' for somhlheldr- able time, as only old old-fashioned clock striking four warnecLfoa old soldier to depart. He mi hrcpillf once more, Bhookhandswithhismpanion, and," halting at Ahe locu ' tone: Sergeant a very great fovciuri ; ' or tho hnsinpga further, thai ' the man who is coming ' Itis v. just likely you be qutiohM, Jbut you . wUl hold your tongtiii," r ?; Mum'e foe' recruiting sergeffot, at the same Re placing . . his fat forefinger to toe siHe oIjs purhbued proboscis- 4 fm fly to Joe Stiff hasn't been in ton . ' m find a way to pot hfmnfti off the scent. Good-bye. The corporal ntotmted his .steed, and urged him fit fall speed towards Cfanbourna. (to bk ooarnroz©.) 