THUMB SCREWING AN IMM1- G It ANT. From the Maryborough Chroniele we take the following report of a trial in referenco to a charge of thumb-screwing made by nn immigrant by the Fcotlisli Wizard : — " Hichard Johnson v. Llnrns and Sheriff— SI r. Morton nppenrcii tor 1 uc complnmnnt, and Mr. Towers for the defendants. Hichard Johnson, being swot n, states : Am nn immigrant by the barque Scottish Wizard ; nnived in Hcrvey's Hay on 2(ilh January last. Was on board on the 27th January. Saw Mm first mate on that day. 1 1 in name is Mowat. At about lialf-past -1 o'clock on tho 27Mi I was sent for by the doctor. Came up nml saw the Captain at the cabin door. Ho told mc lo go in. Went into tho cabin. 'J'he captain followed me into the cabin, and ordered mo into the hospital. Saw the doctor and the purser there. Sheriff, the purser, was iu the act of turning up his sleeves. The purser struck mo on tho nose with his fist. Did- not say anything to liiin before. He then commenced ta kick mo about the body mul the head, The captain then came nnd said to the purser, " Kiek the head off him." Mowat, tho chief mate, came in, and the second ninte (Hums) came in. - From what thu first mntu said to the sceond, lie (Harns) handcuffed mc round n post. lie then got a piece of small rope and put it round my thumb, and swore that if I did not tell the sailors' names who broached the cargo he would take the thumb off mc, Ho twisted my thumb r&urnl; with the signal halyard mid stick until I couid not bear the pain. Called out 1 Murdor.' Have not nny feeling in my thumb yet. When 1 was calling out the first mate put a handkerchief in my mouth, and the second mate drew a revolver from his shiit, and presented it nt it nt my head, nnd snid, 'If you do not tell the names of thoso who bronchud the cargo, I will blow your brains out mid swing yon on the ynrdnrm for it." Sheriff came in again, nnd wns lilting his hand to strike me when the BlCWtlUl lOiil llllU UOV 10 | WI1UL UlC BlCWi-rll IIIIDCU nwn'y, Sheriff struck me. Whs then iu irons. The doctur then camo in, and he and Barnes let mo go. Then went into tho captifln's cabin, nnd signed a paper. The purser struck mo on the left shoulder. As soon as I signed tho paper the doctor gave me a glass of brandy and told mc to go into the hospital, and tho door wbb locked shortly after wards. Harns came in with two revolvers in liis iumd, aud sworo ho would blow my brains out if I told tho Government officials when they camo on board, lie then went out nnd brought nre a bottle of porter, nnd said be did not want to be too hard on mc. When I came oh shore the doctor would not lot mo spank to nny of the single men. Ha told me to stop at the Melbourno Hotel. Tho doctor seut for the captain, and thoy together told me tlioy would send mo to any port of the colony if 1 liked, and would give mo money in my pocket besides, The paper X signed in tho cap.' tain's cabin lias no truth in it, Tho mark on my' thumb is tho mark intliatcd by the rope, Tho lopo was tho same size as that used for signal halyards. Hr Mr, Powers : 1 had lind words with tho purser on tho samo day. Tho purser said, ' If you 'come up 1 will strike you.' I then dared the purser to do. it. ' There weie 20. or 80 around us. We were V:V -getting Mho water sorvod ont. The purser was 'Kiiperinleiuliii'g, 1 did not swear at htm. Tho "purser left, saying ho would complain. Wns called ;- ,up, Tlio doctor novel' spoke to mo. -Ho did not 'Hay;;' If you want to light go into tho room and av-'tajiiht'it-ottt.'-.: llada row with the, englncor, .Was j, < , fighting before on board with a young chap in my own mess. Was in irons when the revolver was presented at my bond. They Mien Eloppcd screw ing my thumb. Thccaptain called mcinto the cabin. The doctor was with the purser in the hospital. The doctor was standing in the hospital when Sheriff knocked me down. The captain came in, and he and the doctor went out, nnd locked the door, Tho captain came back two or three minutes afterwards, and told the parser to kick the bead off me. I did not get up after I was knocked down. The purser would not let me up. The chief mate came in' after the purser left off beating me. Tho purser went ont to change his trousers. They were all over blood. The first mate enmo in a few minutes before tlic second mate. They were there a good while beforo the purser came in. The purser camo in with the steward. This was beforo my thumb was Bcrewed. The purser and steward leftagain before the chief mate came back. When my thumb was screwed the second mate gave mo tho names of tho sailors. Said ' Yes ' a few minutes afterwards. The doctor said, 1 Will you sign the papers with names?' Snid, 'I will.' Tho doctor then sent for the captain, and I signed the paper. The doctor then told mc I could go to the hospital.. I did not say, 'I'll go forward ; the fellows will murder me for splitting on them.' I did not' use words to thnt effect, Was locked iu the hospitsl all that day. The purser nnd stcwArd Drought mc my meals. Shook hands with the purser because I was afraid of getting the same again. The purser attended to my eye. The second mate and the purser each gave me n bottle of porter. Never told either the captain or the doctor that the oilier fellows would murder mo. Was not locked up. in the Melbourne Hotel. Ily the Hcncb : When my thumb was screwed ronnd, U)c doctor was standing outside the hospital. The hospital door leads into the dining- room. ' He saw my thumb afterwards, nnd tobl mo to batho it in n little fresh water. Tho string was off my thumb when I signed the papers. The second mate took it off. I slept on tho poop that niglit. Wns not chained there. The blood on the purser's clothes was from my nose nnd month. The purser gave me this black cyo by kicking me when I wns down. Other evidence wns taken, nnd ultimately tho defendant Harns was sentenced to bo imprisoned in Brisbane Gnol, with hard labour, for two months, Defendant Slmi-ifT uina ftnr.l vvilli rncfa In flnftilf. nnft- laonth'ti imprisonment. The fine war paid." Tin-: myblery of nn apparently mipernnlnrnl vial- tution, which Inn been exercising the minds of residents of the Crcswick-road, Ballnrut, of late, has been unravelled (nays the Star"), Two young men courageously resolved to fnlhom the matter, and accordingly nt a late hour ou Wednesday evening vi«ilnd the locality of iis peregrinations. They stationed themselves <n the footpath, and nrter several minute delay the ghostly visitant advanced from the shelter of a tree-guard with solemn step towards them. Not a muscle quivered not a movement on -Uic part of the young men, and gradually the unearthly-looking being drew near. At length, within n few feet of the men, the ghost stopped, A deathly silence prevailed, during which the visitant transfixed their gaze, nnd with a sepulchral look slowly encircled them with tho 11 unholy circle." As the ghost walked round, the young fellows revolved, seemingly fascinated with tho magnetism of its presence. When the circle was completed, one of the men challenged tho visitant scvural times to answer questions concerning its name, relationship, and object in walking abroad. No replies being vouchsafed, the interlocutor deter mined toend the matter. He Btruck a match, and held it directly in front of the visitants face, disclosing the features of a young woman of passable appear nncc. This person was clad in n light bluo shawl thrown over her head, and was apparently insane, The young men, satisfied that a rather fleshly visitant was the promenading disturber of the neighbourhood, left without capturing tho woman. 