7tEkfi. bYCENVOES OF 4 TRIP FROM SYDNEY TP THE HAWEBBURY RIVER. . BY A COLLINOGWOOD SPASMODIC. HlAYING, in a spasmodic moment, made up my mind to pay a visit to our elder sister colony. I left Howard Smith's wharf at about eleven p.m. Having on previous occasions inhaled the delicious fragrant odour from the vari ous perfume manufactories that line the banks of our lovely Yarra I turned into my bunk and was soon soundly sleep ing, only to be awoke by the grinding of the screw, I found we were safely landed on mudhank; all that could be was done to get the vessel back ward or forward, and as it was no go, off I went to sleep again. The next time I woke it was daybreak, we were safely out of our beautiful, picturesque Yarra steaming down the bay en route for Sydney. We entered Pork Jackson about seven o'clock, fifty-six hours after leaving Melbourne. After a good breakfast went to get a bath, shave, &c.; The barber, a very gentlemanly man, a foreigner, was in no hurry, and as I was I told him so but it was of no use, like most of his profession, he had all the news to tell, and then asked me if I had ever known such weather for the time of year. I informed him as my experience of Sydney weather was rather limited, having only landed that morning, I could not say whether it was remarkable or not, brit from what I had seen up to the present I could fully endorse what a friend had told me about Sydney people. He then wished to know what I had been told, I said my friend had been in Sydney about a month and had not seen one man in a hurry, so he made a resolve to stop the first man he saw in a hurry and make him a present to keep as a memento. About ten days after he saw a gentle man hurrying along and had to run to catch him, and touching him on the shoulder apologised for stopping him; told him he had been in Sydney six weeks and that he was the first Sydney gentleman he had seen in a hurry and begged him to accept something as a memento of the same, but to his sur prise the gentleman said, "I beg your pardon, but I am from Victoria." As I was leaving I could hear the barber say "You Victorians can blow, you are like wind-bags, like your gas balloons up in the air and down you come with a burst. Go up the Hawkes bury, go to Parramatta, Blue Moun tains, Zig Zag, &c.;" And having heard so much of these I determined to visit them, so. on Friday, the 19th May, having, previously made all arrange ments I started with a party of friends to the far-famed Hawkesbury. We left Circular Quay about one o'clock, and after an hour's trip down one of the loveliest harbors,if not themost beautiful in the world, we arrived at Manly, where we found our three coaches in waiting to convey us to Pittwater. The township of Manly has a very good pier, and we saw some very fine schnapper being offered for sale at is. to 2s.-would cost in Melbourne 10s. to 14s. The road to Pittwater is much like our own bush roads with the ex ception that nearly all the way on the right is the Pacific Ocean and beantiful bays indenting the coast swarming with myriads of wild fowl. About six mniles out of Manly we came upon a large steamship about twenty yards from the water. The coach driver told us she was the Coleroy from Newcastle, and the captain had such an idea of her sailing qualities he tried to take her overland to Sydney. We went on board, and the only living thing on board was a goat who gave us a hearty welcome in the shape of a baal I It seems a pity that a fine noble vessel apparently quite sound, engines, masts, spars, &c.;, to all appearances quite strong and good, should be left to rot close to the native element. About two miles further on we came to the Narabeene Lake crossing place, it is about ope mile in width and about 2 ft. or 2 ft. 6 in. deep where the coach passes through; after crossing the lake we came to some splendid rich country, at the left are some very steep hills about 600 ft. high, covered with luxuri ant vegetation to the very tops. Long Reef is the next place we reach, and I am informed that the present family I have been residing there fifty years; the house is beautifully situated upon a high hill, anrd the land has been evidently under cultivation as the furrows can very plainly be seen; we now enter upon bush roads similar to our Victorian roads, darkness came on and all scenery was invisible; in about half-an-hour the passengers called out lights ahead, and we shortly drove up to a good country hotel and in a very short time we were seated before a first-class dinner of duck and green peas with any amount of etceteras served up in a style that would have done credit to a Sydney restaurant. After having satisfied our hungry cravings we decided to have a look at the steamboat we were to make our excursion in on the following morn ing. We found her avery pretty little river steamer of about fifteen or twenty tons (the .PaciJ/c) and quite large enough to accommodate double the number of our party. One of the party had brought three fishing lines with him, and gave one to me and another to a Victorian friend, saying he would eatch the first fish, I told him as he belonged to New South Wales he did not know how. We very soon had our lines in the water. Your spasmodic very soon got tired and lit his pipe, when a friend frcom Sydney asked me if I thought I could manage to fasten a fish on my line and slip it over the bulwarks into the water without any one seeing. I said yes, when he soon returned with a very fine fish he had got from a fishing boat, I drew my line up, had the hook in its gills, asking my friends if they could see a libght down the river, while they were endeavouring to find the light I slipped the fish into the water, when to my disgust I found it would not sink, so I sang out I have got one and began spla-hing and shaking my line as none buta spasmodic fiherman could to try and drown my fish, all the party crying out well done Victoria, well done Collingwood. I then pulled it on deck nod I had drowned it so much that he lay perfecly still. One of the gentleman volunteered to take it off the line, all the party gathered round to have a look at it, and I a lady wanted to try the weight of it I She caught hold of it, and exclaimed, what a stiff fish, if I had not seen you pull him out of the water I shoubl have thought he had been dead many hours." You can bet I heard enough f the stiff fish for the next day or two. While they were still chaffing me about the stiff fish, I slipped my line in, got a bite, and sang out I have another. I was immediately asked if it was a stiff one. I tumbled it upon deck, when it began to stand on its head, twist my line around itself, and got my tackle intoan awful mess. Soon after they each got a fine fish, but to our disappoint ment the rain began to come down, so we wound up our tackle and returned to the hotel. Early to bed and early to rise, we turned at about 11.30 p.m;, but not to sleep. A strange bed pre vented Mr. O. from falling into the arms of Morpheus. Mr. B.'s snoring chased the drowsy god from Mr. P.'s couch. Your s-asmodic could not sleep through Mr. P.'s wanting me to go fishing, and the people in the next room could not sleep because of the laughing and talking in ours, so it was proposed to tell ghost stories, and your spas modic had to tell the first one, so, with out further ado, I started the " Ghost of the Bonehouse." In the old town in which I was born there iy an old church in which I was christened, called War wick Church surrounded by a grave yard; on the one side there is a high brick wall, and on the other a row of yew trees. From the walk by the yew trees there is another that leads to the door in the side of the church, which opens into large vaults used for storing the bones that were from time to time dug up out of the graveyard. About three or four miles from the church there, stands a lonely public house which was once a favorite resort of highwaymen, poachers, and their ilk. Among the company, on a particular evening, was a man notorious for his fearless character, who accepted a wager that he would, for a pot of ale, enter the bonehouse without a light at the honr of midnight, when, as the poets, &c.;, say, that " graveyards yawn and restless spirits roam" and fetch from thence a skull. As the clock in the church tower struck twelve he turned the key in the door and entered the vaults; he had advanced about twenty paces when he observed a tall supernatural being, clothed in white carrying in its hand a small blue light, rise siuddenly from the floor; he took one pace towards it when his foot struck against something; stooping down, he found he had arrived at the heap of skulls, he picked up one, and was about making off with it when he was arrested by a voice, truly horrible, in its unearthliness, exclaiming " that's mine;" he dropped the skull and picked up another, when the same voice~ exclaimed again " that's mine," but turning round he addressed the ghost, saying "its a darned lie, no man had e'er two heads, and I'm going to keep this and get my pot o' ale." If n you do not believe the story I can show a you a photograph of the church. After that I remember no more till I heard a tremendous knocking, and being very dark, we called out " Who's there ?" and received answer " 5.30, breakfast on table, boat leaves in an hour." We were soon seated at the breakfast table and found the fish we had caught, ham and eggs, coffee, &c.;, b all smoking hot. After laying in a good foundation, we made tracks for the steamer. With whistle blowing, steam screaming, we were soon off down the Pittwater, a beautiful river with cottages scattered here and there C along its banks. A very pretty little church stands prominently out, sur rounded by tombstones, showing that people die even in such a beautiful place. At every fresh point exclam ations of surprise arose at the splendour of the scenery. We were now swiftly approaching the big river, when our attention was directed to an island called Elliote, which looks exactly like a crouching lion guarding the entrance. Just in the centre of the stream we now enter the wonderful river, an opening on our left we were told was Cowan's creek, leading to Lane Cove. Many years ago, before it was anticipated that this country could be anything else than a convict settlement, lefore the blue mountains had been crossed, or railways thought of, and when barristers and attorneys lived lovingly together in one wigwam, there resided not many miles from Windsor a wealthy settler. lie had received a grant of land from the Government, and, as was usual in those days, had an assignment of men, and was allowed rations with them. HIe was a violent tempered man, but generally liked by his servants, being withal of a generous c disposition. We will call him Thorpe, but that was not his name. About two years before the occurrences which I am about to relate there were in a merchant's office in the city of London two brothers named Judd, one of whom had just been married; the other, the younger, was very wild in his habits, and had contracted heavy gambling debts. One day a large sum of money was drawn from the firm's bankers by a cheque which proved to have been a forgery. A great commotion was made in the office, and on search being made, the money was found in the elder brother's desk. He protested hisis ignorance as to how it came there-it was useless. He was tried and con victed, and transported to Australia, and assigned to Mr. Thorpe. His broken-hearted wife realized what little property they had, and followed him to Sydney, where she managed to engage as servant to Mrs. Thorpe. Thus the husband and wife wereliving on the same farm. But though so near to each other, they were not living together, for the settler would not hear of the husband being in the house, and the truth must he told that Mrs. Thorpe liked beiug waited upon too well to allow her servant away from her much. So poorl Judd had to live among the men at the huts, and saw but little of his wife. Mr. Thorpe had a younger brother, a settler higher up the river. who, being a single man, was frequently a visitor at his elder brother's house. He took a great liking to little Mrs. Judd, and she, being of a happy dis position, and again near her husband, had settled herself down to her altered circumstances, and was again quite cheerful. Indeed, it must be confessed that she liked admiration, and was proud of the attentions of the handsome young settler. I am quite certain that she was true at heart to her unfortunate husband ; but in a large establishment there are sure to be tale-bearers, and the exaggerated tales of stolen inter views met his ears almost every day. (To be continued.) 