Legislative Council Election. At the close of the scrutiny last evening, the boxes from East, West, and North Adelaide, Start, East Tor rens. Port Adelaide, West Torrens, Satala, Noarlunga, Mt Barker, l*um eracha, Encounter Bay, BaFossa, Woo roora, Wallaroo, Onkaparinga, Light, and Burra being opened the candidates stood as follows : — Murray ? 6752 Salom ? 6346 English ? 5813 Hay ? 5299 Glyde ... ... 4587 Cotton ? 4263 Wigley ? 3911 Harvey ? 3674 Cnglin ? 3581 Simins ? *389 Madge ? 3324, Miller' ... ... 3174 Bidgway ? 2576 Grainger ... ??? 2287 Bpbba Hospital. — Number of patients admitted for the past month 13 ; discharged 15 ; died 1 ; now in Hospital IS. Mount Babkee, and Strathalbyn Rail way. — The Government have accepted the tender of Messrs. Walker and Swan for the construction of this work for the sum of £243,677. The Conspiracy Cases. — Application was made to the full court this week on behalf of Dr. Morrison for a new trial or that his conviction might be set aside. The rule was refused. Openixg of Parliament. — The second session of the present parliament was opened yesterday by His Excellency. The Vice regal speech is given elsewhere. ' Railway from Port Darwix to Pine Creek. — A party will leave Adelaide by the next steamer to make a survey for a railway from Port Darwin to Pine Creek, about. 150 miles. Oskapakdtga Election — There are now four candidates for the seat vacated by Mr. KrichaufE. Dr. Deane, and Messrs. R. Sees, T. King, and J. Z. Sellar hare addressed meetings throughout the constituency this week. Bubha Town Survey. — The Town Coun cil met on Monday last and opened tenders for the Survey of the town and deferred the final decision upon these to Monday next at the ordinary meeting. Fbee Passes to Farina. — The Govern ment are offering free return passes over the Railways to Farina, to persons making appli cation at once to the Publie Works Office, so that the public may have an opportunity to see the country. 'Copper at Apoisga. — We understand that the gentlemen who are testing the copper lodes at Apoinga about twelve miles from Burra are exceedingly pleased with their prospects. They hope^ to have a hundred men at work at once developing the mine. Stoke for the New Parliament Houses. — It is announced that Kapunda marble is to be used lor the New Parliament Houses. We are glad that South Australian stone ? is to be employed, and congratulate Kapunda on its honor. Thk Season. — The -weather is still . damp and the whole of the light rains falling in this district soak into the* ground, but a little ! heavy rain to nil the dams up and reach the subsoil would be welcomed. The seed will soon be all in, and the young wheat is coming up well and looking healthy. . . Received. — We have received the first issue of a newspaper published. at Norwood with the title of the ' Norwood Times.' It is issued in an important suburb and -will no doubt grow in size, usefulness and quality, in proportion as its subscribers' and adver tisers' lists increase. Difficulties in Egypt.— The Nationalist 'party in Egypt continuing to resent the inter ference of Fngland and France threatens to de pose the Khedive' and asserts that they are supported.:by '.the Sultan of Turkey. The allied powers have sent additional men of war to Alexandria and will land troops if necessary. Russia supports them. Stabbing. — A case of stabbing was tried before Mr. W. F. Coglin, J.P., at Kooringa on Wednesday. It appears that a German named Louis Werndt and Alfred Schultz, cabman, were in the Commercial Hotel on Tuesday talking to the landlord. Schultz turned round to go, when Werndt took a knife from his pocket, opened it and deliber ately stabbed Schultz in the back inflicting a wound an inch and a-half deep. The as sailant was brought up on Wednesday morn ing, when he was charged with unlawfully and maliciously wounding. Schultz was too ill to attend, and after the evidence of Dr. Brummitt and P.C Johnstone had been taken, prisoner was remanded until to-day. Burra Lodge, M.U. — The half-yearly finance meeting -of this lodge, was held on Wednesday last -at the Lodge Room,. Buna Institute'. The balance-sheet was read shewing a balance from last half-year of £4426 4s. 5d.; contributions received £339 3s. Id.; interest £168 Is. 3d.; and sun dries £16 13s. 2d. Total, income for half year £523 17s. 6d. The expenditure in cluded. Sick-pay £245 10s., and Surgeons1 fees £76 10s. The balance at the close of the half- year was £5445 8s. 4cL The sick-pay v^asexceedmgly&ndiumsaallyiieavy.; ;'?'_-- The Legislative Council Election. — The Elections on Monday last, whieh will always be memorable as being the last held under the one district system, excited consi derable interest in spite of the dullness that bad characterised the earlier part of the campaign. More {electors voted^and ^ more interest was displayed than at the la^ election two years ago. Burra was unusually lively for such an occasion and a number of , persons ? attended to vote who were unable to do so although, In some eases, their names had previously to the late revisions been on the roll for years for the same qualifications as they still possess. The position of the candi dates is given elsewhere. Bible Cheistian Sunday School Koo ringa. — On Sunday and Monday last the anniversary services of the Sunday School were held. On Sunday the sermons were preached by Mr. Holder and the Rev. J. Pearce and on Monday the children had their usual treat and afterwards the public tea was very largely attended. The public meeting was somewhat interfered with by the rain. Mr. J. Snett presided and after Mr. S. Davey had read the report and Mr. Laun der bad given the balance sheet addresses were delivered by the Revs. Lucas, Bainger, and Knight and by Mr. Matthews. The children sang exceedingly wellunder the lea sadership of Mr. W. Davey, Mr. Davey, an., presiding at the harmonium. Professor Rice. — Professor Rice appeared gain at the Burra Institute ou Saturday vening last to a larger house than had efore visited him, ana his exposure of the rickery of Spiritism was appreciated. Us performance of the Cabinet trick of the )avenports, and bis production of a. very olid ghost from a Cabinet in which he is tail seen tied fast in front of the audience rare enjoyed. The most marvelous thing aust eVer be bis demonstrated power of eading the mind of others and in this he i-as uniformly successful. ' Ameo~-» .yp What I Saw There.' — Phis was tbe titiv of a lecture given in the Surra Institute on Wednesday evening last n aid of the funds of that establishment by Six. G. Proud whd has for seven years past jeen on the Register reporting staff, and who ately took a trip through America and Europe. When a gentleman devotes bis time to aid a local institution we might ex pect a large attendance to indicate to' him that his kindness was appreciated ; this however was not the case and the fiinmw!il results were not what they should nave been. The lecture bristled with points of information and interest and will be repotted xt some length next week as we have not ipace in this issue. Music was contributed -y several ladies and gentleman. Burra Cricketing Association. — On Wednesday evening last, a few members of the above Association met at the Burra Hotel. Mr. Jno. Sampson, jun., presided. The Secretary gave a statement of the receipts and liabilities, which showed the Association to be in debt to the extent of thirteen pounds. Mr. M. Rayner, of the Aberdeen Club, moved that a special effort be made to clear off the debt, and that a fund be started. Tho following contribu tions were handed to the Secretary : — Jno Roach, £2 2s., Jno. Sampson, Jun., 10s. 6d.. M. Rayner. 10s. 6d., G. Dawson 10s. 6d., and H. O. Hopkins, 5s. Total, £3 10s. 6d. The following members were appointed a special committee to arrange a dinner and present the prizes won during the season, viz. Messrs. W. H. Rosman, Jno. Sampson, jun., M. Rayner, G. Dawson, G. Butterworth, M. Moorhouse, and the Secretary. The special committee are to meet at the Burra Hotel this Friday evening at 8 o'clock. 