? ' flovcHst. . , GRIT. ; AJ Story of tub Past ami Present j of Ordt . marymon and Ordinary tilings, in Ordi nary lanrniago, _ ' 15o sine thy bin will find Ihco out.' i BY DONALD CAMERON. AUT1I01! OF'' IS TUB l'OI.DS OF TUB SKIU'HNT,' ' HII.VXUWATI'.R I1HNI),1' KTO. It is a beautiful belief: ' Tlmtoiei lound our Iicnd j Aio lunciiug on niigcl wings, 1 ; v Tho spun* of the dead. ,, , ' ' ' CHAPTER V.J-(cosiinokd). /'Then jou won't do it again,' sayl Jack; ami hu Jot out his 'list, ami, with ono blow, considerably damaged pbadiah'H long sancti monious nose. Another hit decidedly intcr foicd with Obadiah's' optical- powers. That ?worthy did not make much of an attempt to lpjoin ; ho did wildly flourish his hands in a clawing fashion at first, but the second blow made him think a masterly retreat expedient, and away ho lan, with Spot at his heeli'. Theresas a little puddle a bit ahead, and into ihis, in his blind flight, Obadiah fell, emerging covered with mud. But his terror would not allow him to stop, and away ho scudded, while Jack and Bertha fairly laughed until the tears ' lan fiom their eyes. 'Perhaps, had they seen Olmdiah's evil face when ho was a safe distance off, they might have felt inclined to fear instead ot laughing. .' ? ' ? Bcitha explained to Jack that she had come out to biing homo the: two 'goats her mother Kept wlion the storm began to gather, ' ami that she had met with Obadiah, who had began to lease her, and tried to snatch a kiss. Jack helped Beitha homo with the goats, ?which was an easy matter, as Spot and Lassy took chaige of them, glad of once more having chaige ot something, although Lassy ?was a little jealous of Spot, and showed her teeth onco or twice when ho became too officious. Night had gathered when they got to Beitha's place, and already drops, forerunners of the gieat storm, began to fall. Jack hurried homo. It was all in. darkness. . ?'...' Ho found his mother lying on, tho bed, moaning. When he canio up, she folded him , to hoi hieast, and began to weep bitterly. ' Jack, dear Jock,''! -RlicV 8aid:plaihtively.; 'lie's been home arid, beat 'me. ;i'I '.went to take him away fiom.tlio irieeting, andiihe.was^ moss. But I \iasiiwwfcay;;tho}-timd;'-j'you;1. know, Jack.' V^^ Vi^^XV^XJiVVV You know 1 PoprvJaripVi^wh'at-'riieanirig' bho tlncw into thcso'jsimplo;yordsk^i;;vi W ; Jack's heait beat ::fast;?i;ahd':tli6. blood of caily' manhood iush'ed;;;:ttn;bugh;-:hisV:rarisr Ho almost felt strong .'enough to punish the 1 man who had daied t6!raisehi8.hand tohis mothei. What if she had'brredi was she riot; hii mothei ? Tears; -indignant .tears, came into his eyes, and }ib Weptbit'toily. i /r:.; „ ' God bless you, iJaok;';'. God .bless 'you,11 biiid _ tho poor uomariife'OhJihow; I ..have » gone astiay — how I haye.gprip astray !-;AVas this what my mother - taught;- iriei /Jaok? ? No, no, no.' WW^'Si ?\uiv----'&rt;&::'-'- 'And s-hc moaned' ilia; mariner/that! wont btiaighl to tho hoy's heartl;v;:-Ho grieved to see } . hci tako.on so. 'yS^ift^tiUiji^.i/i^ ?'?''?-'.';.:-.- 'Clieer up, dear J^Hier^cheer^up,'; ho. said. ' I'm stiong^'enqugh.iiow, 'and ; I'll ?w oik* for j ou' voiy ;lidrdj; and *you can, leave that man.' '' '0S0'ii-^'&i;':i^&-':'-. ? ??'?? ? But bho shook her head,,and nioandd; ?; ,; The thunder novv^bpgan^'tiiii'roarli.thb lightning to tear across tho ;. gloomy. heavens, nml, tho wind to inodnYai'6urid tliio dwelling. ' Then camcf- thc (loluj^^'ff'iainV'poui'ing'.-'.do'wii' ? us if fiom an .ocean ''o'verh!eii.d;;;fJAri(lmV that teiriblo. btoini thojiniotliei^jarict^spn^ sat. together. „ r _ &tC;$$^:$*$£'i&\:''i/Ar;Y*U'1' , At last a lull earnest; Jack-isttp'pcd,' to :tlib, door,' and i looked, out. ' ''i;-Thb ? clouds wero. hcudding away, and ? libra arid.thero patches of blue hky woio to bo'seeii.'''.'1Tiio moon, which ! . was inher last (martbr, pecasioriallypeoped ?* out lo'io\oal a hodden woild, and a- groat -?' flood of yellow waters' tumbling down Gritty Gully, overturning iii its -vrath all that man had done theie. ? . : \\\ ' 1*11 go out, mother,' said..Taok. ' I want ' to beowhal damage the flood's done. Look at all 'tho men, gathered about to save their claims. It's veiy exciting.' . , 'Jack,' said poor Janet, ' forgive 'your, jiooi mother for what shb's done. I, have been bo bad, so bad. Good, Lord, look ,down fiom heaven and pity me. 01 mother, i mother, if you saw mo now I' . . . ' ? ''Doii't take on so, dear mother,' said Jack. 'I'll bo back soon.' ' It you never sob mo again, don't forget your mother,' said Janet. .'' Jack, if I die, I will come baok and vyatch over you. I have not done what is right, and I must watch over you, deal Jack.' ' Don't talk of dying, dear mother,' said tho boy. ' All will be right in time.' By tho palo light of the moon Jack saw his mothei 's face. It was ghastly, drawn in wilh mental agony, and the large eyes iwere -1 voiy mournful. He felt his lieart breaking. -Sho kissed him passionately, und folded him to her bieasl. Then Jack went out. ; . 'Ho novel baw her alive again'.. ; CHApm;::1} vi: . ,':; ? 7 - '- How glad Jack felt when ho got out into ' tho fieshenod air. Youth is always buoyant , ' -and desiies to shake off melancholy feelings. i Jack did feel tioubled about his mother; but ? (,i i then ho had been accustomed to these scenes, . '/ ^.iind lie fell suio that it would all blow over as * usuul. Klill the terrible- face he had just 1 heen haunted his mind, and arose every now , mid thon like a bpeotre.fiom tho dead. The ? life and busllo mound Jack, however, soon dissipated all such .thoughts. ? , Hen hurried too and fro, in Gritty Gully, toying to asceitain tho damage dono by the ^ waters which still tumbled down, foaming and loaiing. Those who had claims in the bed of tho cieek looked particularly rueful ; but tho generality of the diggers were heaitily glad, foi there would be plenty of 1 water to wash tho dirt. They were all agreed on one thing— that tho event should ho cele brated with somo liquor. Thoso whose olaimshad been ' swamped, declared they must have something to raise their spirits; while- thoso who had dry claims, and looked forward to being ahlo to rapidly lcduee their heaps, of waRhdirt to piles of gold dust, ' shouted' energetically. Therefore, tho landlords reaped quite a harvest. Tho piincipal street was swamped in water, it is true ; hut, since there wore so many people ready to keop it out by imbibing brandy, what about that? So all tho hotels remained open, displaying as much light as they possibly could in thoso godless, keroserieless days. Thero was some law that hotels should ho closed at a reasonable hour; but, as all tho availablo constabulary were lying in tho hack parlor ot the Garryowen Hotel — (a wcathoiboard and tin structure, thought quite a palace), exhausted after their day's labour — a mild way of putting it — and the commissioner and some confreres were playing oucliro in the select parlor— there was no ono to see tho law put in forco. Jack, after paddling^about in the water with all the excitement a youth feels when anything fresh turns up, thought ho would look in at tho Ganyowen, to seo what fun was going on. The bar was crowded ; and behind it stood tho landlord, Mick llyan, and his handmaiden, Prudence, smiling, of courfle.'! A tremor went through Jack's frame as he noticed that Hector stood in front of the bar, talking to her. How sweetly sho spoke to him, and what a slavo to her he appeared to bo. Jack's fists began to clench, and ho felt as if ho, could go up to Hector and fell him to' tho giouud. . . Jack noticed that his father came up to to Hector, and began to hold animated con icioation with him.' Presently Bunakum jumped on, to a form. Instantly the crowd left off drinking, talking, and smoking. ' Miners of Grit,' cried Bunakum, ' tho limo has como and tho man. Let us all adjourn to the largo room, and hold a public meeting, at which [measures will bo pro l-ond--iatcdj;to you for tho redress of your grievances. Come I miners of Grit, como !' A slampcdo at once took place, and, of course, Jack was not to bo left behind. Before many minutes an improintu platform had been got .up at the end of tho large room, and a tablo fixed, whereon was a decanter of brandy and a hottlo of water. Mr. White, Bertha's father, took tho chair, and, after a few remarks, introduced their old and esteemed friend, Mr. Bunakum. (Cheers.) Surveying the strange assemblage, Buna kum throw himself into an attitude, and delivered the following oration — pausing fre quently to have a-jsip,'. forgetting always to have anything to do with the water-bottie : — ' Miners of Grit,' said ho, ' tho honest, hard- working worm will walk in tho dust, attending to its duties, and for a time heed not tho tramping of tho proud oppressor, that spurns it withjliis foot. But only for a time' (a nip). ' Only for a time. Then it will turn and sting ; and the tyrant will be laid low.' (Great cheers.) ' Miners of Grit, you aro : the worm, tho proud tyrant the commis sioner.' (Immense applause. Sevoral chairs smashed.) ' For months he has been tramp ing uppn you, extorting froin you liconso-fecs. 1'or what? To save you from the flood ? To cover you from the sun ? To protect you from rapacity ? No ! To dine luxuriously every day, in his cool arbor on tho hill.' . (Terrific applause.). ' But tho worm will turn, and the timo has come. He saw tho clouds and tho rain coming; but, did he save your property ? No 1' (Deafening cheers.) ' He allowed the hard work of months to be swept away like the dust off his well polished boots. AVlio uses a toothbrush ? Who wears a stove-pipe, hat, and a boiled shirt ?' (Cheers and counter cheers.) 'You, who have lived on the Pacific Slope, iujj the great land of; California,- will* your stand it 1- ';No I; 'Nero,- : gentlemen, iiddlcd when. Home was burning. - The com missioner played euchre whUo .'.Gritty.; Gully was . destroying, our work.' '.','? '? (Ho' laid groat eriiiihasis on our,as if . hoi were' the hardest; worker {there.) ? ' You. will cry, ' Lead ;ub' to ; death and viotoryjl' How, gentlemen ?' :You-; must bo cautious how you proceed. Youihave; a: subtle -enemy.. I will [tell iyou how to meet the foo.' (A long draught.) ' Establish a paper.' (Cheers, counter cheers, and frantic destruction of furniture. Tho speaker could not proceed for ten minutes. Cries of ' That's the idea,' itc, ttc, resounding through tho room.) ' Establish'a jiapcr. Subscribe, sub scribe I A powerful pen is at your disposal. Hector Macinnis' — (Tremendous cheering) — ^is known to you all. His pen in the great Melbourne journal has often done you good service. Give it a'chance in a local paper.' (Frantio applause.) ' My humblo self' — (great cheering)—' will help to make tho Gritty Gully Trumpet respected throughout the land;'' {Cheers, and some ' Ohs!') ' I move that a journal, to be called the Gritty Gully Trumpet, be at onco established; Mr. Macinnis being editor, and myself manager.' ? Bunakum now sat down amidst thunders of. applause. Several enthusiastic admirers at once rushedto him with brandy bottles. Mr. Obadiah Swcetcomfort, son., roso to second the motion ; and it was put and carriod mm. con., amidst cheers and reiterated cheers; with groans for the commissioner, and cries of . ' Lynch him 1' Whereupon several Cali fornians at onco drew their bowie-knives. /Bunakum jumped up, however, at once, and cried out, ' Down with tho dust, gentle men ! Give us life at once. I have given £10 myself' — (whence came the £10?), — 'Mr. White, £10, and Mr. Sweetcpmfort, £10. Subscribe!' '. , : '.. ?.'?;?/? ; ';? . And they did. Ono after tho other went up to the platform, arid, era the voto of thanks to the chairman, was passed, £500 had been collected by Bunakum. Hector .Macinnis, however, . knowing whero the money would go if in that worthy's hands, quietly took it as treasurer. Little did tho men who, at tho bidding of Bunakum, founded that journal that, evening, guess tho great result that would accrue — the lights and shadows it would cause ! Tho mooting over, there was onco more a rush to tho bar. Jack saw that Hector at onco mado up to Prudence, and that she neglected the thirsty customers to listen to him. 'Prudence, dear Prudence,' Jack heard him say, amidst the din, ' I am now able to offer you a home. Bo mine, dearest — mine for over.' She blushed, and allowed him to take her hand. ? ' She will not bo in tho way,' Jaok heard her say. How the boy's blood boiled. Ho knew who was referred to. The agonised face he had seen so lately haunted him again. ? :' No, no,' replied Hector; 'I have done with her for ever. Never speak of her ?again.' CHAPTEE VII. Jack rushed out of tho hotel. He would stand no more of this. With his blood at fever heat, he splashed away up and down the township, heedless of where he was going, trying to calm his mind. What could he, a mere boy, do ? Gradually the diggers became quiet. ' The men who were able to get to their tents staggered thither through mud and mire, telling about tho now paper; while those who had fallen in tho battle, slumbered in the wet bars, gathering rheumatism wherewith to bo tormented hereafter. The fleecy clouds were scouring along, per mitting glimpses of a sky, clear and blue as lapis lazuli, and spotted with stars, like the mantle of a great king, Beneath, tho waters wero rushing and roaring,' but gradually sub siding. Jack walked up and down by tho sido of the creek, watching, with tho pleasure a boy over derives from such a night, tho piny of tho current as it swept by. Hi! had got to whero a littlo bridge had been erected, when he hoard a sort of stilled cry, and, in a second, a dark body floated by him in the water. Jack was a splendid swimmer, and ho at once jumpod in to save tho drowning person. Ho found tho stream very strong, but, carefully striking out with it, he was soon able to reach the drowning man, who was wildly clutching at the sticks that wpto careering on tho water, and caught him by the hair. The drowning man, however, made wild attempts to catch hold of Jack; and it needed all the lattor's ingenuity to prevent this, or, of course, it would have sealed the doom of both. Getting into a by ourrent, Jack managed to reach the boat. When ho, hauled his flotsam on tho bank ho discovered ho had saved none other than his own father — tho great Bunakum. Not much damage had been done, as the clothes of each had rather bencfittod by im mersion. 'Hallo, old man, is that you?' said Jack. ''Yes, it's mil,' said Bunakum, disgorging somo water, and indulging in a general shake. 'I was crossing the bridge when it broke down. Tho commissioner, knowing I was going to cross, no doubt, had it sawn in two.' ' Now, tell tho truth,' said Jack. ' Wasn't you gone?' 'No, Jack,' replied Bunakum. 'Nothing crossed my lips this day, except a. drop of brandy I took when I was speaking at tho Garryowen. Jack you've saved your father, and I'll do great things for you. I'm to be manager of tho new paper, my boy.' ?.-..' .- '.' And, general rum drinker,' said '.; Jack, very undulifully. ' But, look : here,- old man, don't you talk to mo. I'm almost sorry -I dragged you out. ;It was clear waste of time. I believe such as^ you arp bettor , put of .''tho world. Look hero 1 Wlidt have you done to my mother ?'.'-. .,',., ,; ?,-,':?'? ? ' What has she done to mp?' saidBunakum, 'After I'd kept her decently for years, didn't she — ' ? , .?.,..-?. 'Shut up!' cried Jack, in a voice. that struck terror into tho soul -of Bunakum. 'Haven't you. ruined .her? She, who kept your worthless life together ; who was so good and patient. She, who was an angel to both of us. She would have starved for you. And I, Iany hulk that I am, I evon lived on her earnings. Oh I I feel as if I could jump into the gully and drown myself, when I think of it.. But, I'll bo different after this. I'll keep her com fortable. And don't you show; your ugly, face round, nor. como palavering about. I'm ashamed to think you're riiy father. And, when such as mo's ashamed, things are very crooked. Clear out.' ftnd Jack walked away, his heart filled with loathing. : .... : ? 'Don't go like that, Jack?' said Buna kum, in a whining tone. 'Don't leave your poor father shivering here. ? You 'haven't half a-crown about you? 1'rn dying for something to stop the thirst.' :, .-?-. U:. . ')??. ? .,!,;.:? 'Plenty .of water in ;the.creok,' .retorted Jack, without looking round.1 ,\\-.^ '/;,-;-:- :?,??: ' You'd better look af for your niother,' said : Bunakum, with a sneer; .' If she carries on.tho. way she is going, Hector1 Macinnis r;'ll settle her, my fine boy.' .- ' V:: '';:^,..:|t-r-*..-' 'r.v:_ '?? '?'?; 'He had better leave her alone,' said Jack, shutting his teeth firmly.-;; ;'/:;'??'. --JXy:;;-.i-:; .'What an undutiful child,'; saidBunakum ';', ' to' leave .me; as is his own fatherT^-me,;'as , reared him and worked for him !', v .;?',:?:?, 'What are you doing there, old blowhard?'^ said a voice; and Bunakum beheld one of liis confreres. . ' ,' ?':?? 'i-: ?:\::}i:-r '(Dying,' solemnly replied the:; yotordn. ' Dying. And my own son wouldn!t bury me, ; nor revenge my death on tho fell tyrant who' caused the bridge to bo broken.'? ;.-l ,'..-:'.?:,.?. 'Dyin1. isn't pleasant just now,'.- said; tho ; digger. 'Hadn't you bettor get up and;'haypi a nip?'' '?-?'..??.. ???..?' ..-?!,'? i'';'.'''1:^;:.i8v'S;;'i'; };' Thank you, kind friend,' said Buriakuriii getting up with considerable alacrity.^ ;'.vEopro-), sentativb of the generous, inch of :Grit,':,you : haven't, any small change about yon? -I must get new clothes.' ?? : ??-.. .';:-, : i;.. '?-?: 'I have nothing smaller than a sovereign.' .?'.'? That will do,' said Bunakum, pocketing, ihe.coin. ' I'll pay you back in the morning.'- And tho two made off to the nearest 'hotel. ? Jack had dragged Bunakum out on' the- main street, so that he was separated from his home. But he did not care for that; ho did not desire to go home that night. Ho would return' when the bright sun of another, day had risen in tho heavens, and his mother would have recovered. Then all would bo well. He began to settlo in his mind how to act in future. He would take up a/claim with one of his mates, make money, would have a nice place for his mother, and no doubt, a fortune in time. Then ho would-go down and live in Melbourne, and become a great gentle man. Ho would triumph overyoung Obadiah, Sweeteomfort, and break his head at parting. Wouldn't he astonish all his acquaintances, and make them respect his niother. And, perhaps he would ask Bertha to become his wife; although at the time, Jaok had no very clear ideas as to what getting married entailed. At all events, ho would not quarrel with her; — they would Hvo a happy life. Poor dreamer I Little can'st thou foresee what tho future thou thinkest'so pleasant will bo. But do wo not all dream, as Jack did? And is it not well that wo should ? Is it not a mercy that the dark clouds of tho futuro! are: hidden from view by a silver veil of our ownweaving? , .-.-„ .. '. . / .;\\.- . . '-! Slow 'pass our ilaysji'':' '.'.'- In childhood.. And tho horns of light nrb long-,,. , Botwixt tho morn lind ove.i .With swifter lupso , . : Tlioj; glide in manhood; mid in ago thoy fly - .; Till dny» and aensons Jlit before tho mind, ;.' '. ' ' As flit the nnowllukes in a winter's Btorui— '? ? Scon rather thaii distinguished.' ',!. :''??, :. ? ' . 'Eternnl lovo 'dotlrkeon ' In his complacent arms; theenrth, the nil', tlio deep.' CHAPTERvVIII. :0- ?, Jack journeyed on to his favourite hill of Grit. There he gazed upon tho panorama that tlio moon revealed — tho lights and shadows — and heard the distant sound of rushing waters. Young as ho was, came the rememberanco of a few years back, when this place was all in solitude — when a forest covered tho hills of Grit, and the only living bemgs were Bertha and himself, and their dogs and flocks of sheep. What chaugo would ho seo here in another few years ? Ho was too uneducated to apply the words of Bryant to the scene — 'Tho clouds Sweep over with tho shadows, and licncath Tho snrfnea rolls and iluctuuU's to tlio eye. Dark hollows Keen to glide along and flniso Tho moonlit ridges.' Sitting again beneath his favorite tree, Jack began weaving dreams of tho future. Gradually the scene began to lade. His eyes closed in sleep, and, leaning against tho tree, he slumbered peacefully, notwithstanding his. wot clothes. Blessed sleep! Thou com'st unbidden to tho young, but ilee'st from the aged and careworn, though wooed on beds of dqwn I Sleeping peacefully, in tho shadow of tho tree, unconscious of pain and 'sorrow, Jack heeded not the change that came over nature. Tho clouds 2'asscd away, and the moon shone bright and clear in tho intensely blue sky. Peace fell whero there had been such wild commotion — peace like that of eternity 1 This sleep at first was a perfect blank. No images flitted across his brain. But gradually there appeared as if there wore an intensely black veil in front of him, which wan lifted now and then, revealing his mother's agony stricken face. , Then the veil was slowly lifted, the sad face faded away, and the land: scapo remained just as it was ere tho great flood of humanity had changed its fair features. ? His flock was feeding by his side, and Spot snapping at tho flics as of old. There was no sun, however ; only a goldon light appeared to come from tho cast. Was it dawn ? It must bo. Dawn evdr was of that delicious, glorious, goldon tint. In expectancy ho looked towards the east, and his glance was rewarded by the appearance of a beautiful face — from whence came tho goldon aureola. Bright amber hair fell down from tlio fast emerging head, like the glory around a saint. Slowly the figure rose until it assumed tho form ot a beautiful female, clad in gossamer gold, with pearls and diamonds sparkling like stars in her vesture. Then the figure glidod to his side, and, hovering near him, smiled sweetly. Who was this beautiful, but awful being 1 Ho had never seen aught human that resembled her. % Bertha was beautiful; but this being was too tpiritucllc to bo of this this world. Ho felt awe-stricken in her pre sence. She must bo one of- tho angels his mother spoko of sometimes. She spoke not, but lightly touched the ground beneath his feet. It slowly opened until a great fissure, extending,' it seemed to him, for miles, resulted. Then ho saw that in the centre of this there was a wall of white rock. He had seen a substance like it, and remembered theaniners called it quartz. Tho strange being touched it, and at once thero issued from it streams of .golden light. By that light ho saw streaks of gold permeating' the lovely white stono. There were also specs of a bright blue metal, which he did not know. ' . ? ? . Then a' voice camo from the beautiful unknown — a voice rippling with music. ' Yours — tho shining rcof. liemeniber.' The vision faded fast from his view, and was followed by a dead blank, succeeded by a gloom so intense that it pained his eyes. A great horror, a fearful chill, came upon'him, as ho gazed into the ebon darkness. In this, as if illuminated by a lurid light, appeared tho face of his mother, now livid and dis torted, and gazing upon him as if striving to speak. Ho strove to wake himself. A terrible shriek appeared to echo through tho air, and ho awoke. ? The moon was shining peacefully on the quiet scone ; the roar of the waters had sub sided, and there was peace. What was this ? Spot, whom he had left at home, stood near him, whining and scratching with his feet, 'and licking his hands. Something was wrong. The dog gave a short, joyous bark when his master awoke ; and prepared at onco to go. Jack rubbed his eyes, and got up. Ho felt somewhat stiff, soro, and cold. He thought, therefore, the best thing would bo to go home. Yet, as he went down the hill, ho could hot but think of the strange dream ho had had. Ho looked carefully at tho ground, and saw that it was exactly in its usual condition. Ho csuld not help smiling at his own strange fancies. . ?? ? ? ? ... -; '?'..' '.?-.-. :'. -?:-. .CHAPTER IX. ?? ??; ';{; -.,;?; ?.-?'? ': Jack walked down to the valley. . The flood hadnow completely subsided. The flat was'sloppy and wot, it is true; but naluio had: boon so completely revived that these slight'disadvaritages were compensated; by the generally improved appearance of oveij thing in tho soft light of the riioon. Jack felt little inclination to go to sleep. now; the air-was so pure and buoyant, that it infubed fresh life into him. But Spot's eager whines 'attracted his attention, and caused him to wonder. ' Had anything wrong taken place at homo? .'???. :' '? '?'''. .'':'.'. ' : '?? What did tho dumb animal mean by his half Jiuriiari appeals? Jack, in response to his. eagorllboks, crossed the creek, and -went .tp.the tent which he called home. ' Theio Spot became greatly excited, wagged his tail, jumped on his master, and uttered siihdiy sharp, angry barks. '.'The door of tho tent was: open, and the moon shone into it. The boy looked, and saw his mother lying asleep in the same place where ho had left her. In the moonlight her face looked terribly ghastly, and Jack turned away with a shudder. What good would it do him to enter and awaken her. He turned a-wa), ?anxious to spare himself tlio torture he knew would' result, and walked up the, township, which was now wrapped in slumber, regard less of, tho demonstrations of Spot, who appeared' to have absolutely lost his senses. 'Get out, you old fool,' said Jack, thrust-' iny the dog away from him. 'You've got the distemper, - 1 think. I'll give you such a. hammering as you never had, except on that day you stole Bertha's dinner, if you go on in this way.' . Spot slunk away behind, in a very melan choly mood ; no doubt arguing in his simple mind that he was laboring under a delusion, and that his master was right. '. ',, . Just as Jack was walking past the Garry-' owen, Spot gave a spitoful bark, and rushed upon a man who had emerged from that hostelry, accompanied by another..- Jack saw it was Bunakum. Ho stared at him With great surprise. Tho man absolutely looked white with terror, and' gazed on him: as if horror-stricken. Jack set it down to fear; of tho dog. ? : '.'?'; ?'?, V 'Shut up, Spot!' ho oried. 'Don't you know him? Ho deserves barking at ; but you'd better loavo him alone. Why, yqii, needn't bo frightened of Spot.' ;. ;' ? 'Is that you, Jack?' said Buriakuni, in a tremulous voice, which, of course, his son sot down to drink. 'Keep your' dog off, will you? He's mad.' ..'...'?'' Behind Bunakum wero two men whom Jack recognised as Hector Macinnis and the district coroner— a gentleman, who sought Bacchus to enable him to dischargo his Khadamanthean duties. Dr. Iiousc was ono of the greatest lion vicunls and most unjust judges in tho world. An invitation to drink would suffice to turn tho scales of justice with him at any moment. But Jack paid little attention to him. Tho aspect of Hector was a case for moro surprise. That man was equally pale as Bunakum. Jack wondered what all this meant. All tlio timo Spot kept snarling and sniffing around, like a demented animal. ' Got out of that, you young rascal !' cried Dr. Rouse, lifting his cane, ' or I'll have you committed as a night prowler and vagabond.' ' Prowling round, to see what ho can lay hold of, no doubt,' said Hector. ' 'All theso boys ought to bo taken up.' ' ' 'I declare tho cold's got completely into mo,' said Hunakum. ' I can't think of going home.' (Where that home was, no one know). ' Let's go in again, and have something to put life into us.' . 'Yes.yes!' said Hector, hurriedly. 'Wocan have a quiet game of euchre' till daybreak.' 'Hurrah!' said Dr. House. 'Just tho thing. I don't see the good of going to bed to-night.' And tho trio turned back into tho Garry owen, whero the sleepy landlord was still dis pensing elixir vital to thoso of his customers who had not succumbed. Jack walked up to the end of tho street, and then turned to go home. Tho east was already showing signs of the dawn — brighten- ing, not with the glorious golden effulgence he had seen in his dream, but with a cold grey light that made ono shiver. Dawn on Gritty Gully. A chilly light, growing stronger and stronger, filled tho eastern sky ; and tho moon began to pale gradually, while ' the few stars that woro still visible glimmered faintly. Shreds of clouds flitted across tho sky, changed, as they nearcd the light of dawn, into a sombre gray. Beneath was tho damp earth — its outlines shadowed in tho crosslights of the oast and tho west. Already, tho birds wore preparing to catch tho early worm ; the laughing jackass uttered his discordant cu-cu-ca-coo-coo-coo; and tho magpie filled tho woods with his musical trill ; while tho smaller birds twittered and shook off tho damp. Hero and thero a stray bat, or mopoko, that h'ad kept late hours, fluttered uneasily, anxious to get back to its hole in some tree ; but, liko biped revellers who stay out late, their oyesight was at fault, and thus had to seek a resting-place wherever they could. In tho grey light of tho dawn Jack sought his home. Tho locality was very quiet. Not a soul was stirring. Even tho dogs lay asleep in front of tho tents. Jack entered quietly ; but tho first glance at his mother made him start back horror stricken. Ho had never scon anything like this before. Her face was purple and distorted— contracted,— and tho eyes stared out in a fearful manner. Sho was lying on the sofa, her clothes disordered, and hor limbs drawn up as though in terrible agony. What was it ? ... Dkath! Ho knew it. He had never seen a dead body ; but the awful face before him ? told too powerfully of the great enemy. . : ,. : ..-....?, Death — a horrible death 1 ?''?'.;. XV Her hands wero clenched firmly ; her form drawn up as if. a great struggle had taken' placo when life was 'departing. '.. ;?!?, '.-?? Tho boy gazed on the still form of his niother until his eyes rivalled thoso of tho dead, starting with horror. Then, with a great cry, ho rushed out, and, opening tho door of the next tent, cried out : ' Mother's dead ! Mother's dead !' Two young men wore sleeping together in a rude bed^made of leaves and grass. They turned round sleepily; and' one, with an expletive, asked what was the matter. ' Mother ! Mother !' said tho terrified boy. 'Why, Jack, is that you?' cried ono of ?the young fellows, sitting up in bed. ' What's tho matter? You look like a ghost.' ' '01 Mother, mother I' cried Jack, recog nising in tho speaker tho young fellow who had so kindly assisted him to scparato the flocks on the day they had got boxed. ' Mother's dead I Mother's dead I' In his excitement ho had entirely forgotten that the young fellow had been his neighbour for some time. In the condition of his mind , now, it is impossible to describe the feeling of relief ho experienced when he recollected this, and found a friend so near. ;- .' Dead'!' said the young man! '.Why, I' saw her. last evening, all right. 'Poor, Jack!' ho continued, gazing upon tho boy 'with compassion; ' Your troubles have come early. Get up, sleepyhead, can't you? Here's ? something- dreadful taken place.' ! The other youth turned round sleepily, : ' Bother you, old chum. Don't wake me. :i was in such a fine sleep, and dreaming I'd made £10,000.' ' Springing up, the young man who had compassionated Jack, jumped into his clothes and accompanied the boy to his tent.' The (other youth, after looking round sleepily, ? turned around and went into the land of ?dreams. The .young man- looked carefully at tho 'corpse. Going up close to it he, too, seemed homlicd He c imo back to Jack, and, taking his arm, said, in a lqw, terrified Voice ' Jack, your mother has been, murdered. On her neok are tho distinct marks of four fingers and a thumb. She has boon choked to death I' CHAPTER X 'lii onlj a worthless weight of clnj, Pinni which life b qiaik lmt- u isud iniaj Mingle it with its imtnt dust, ] lorn lin'ht and memmv c\ei thrust btnj 1 lhough a thoiibnnd links below 'Ilio coflm ami its lnmntc go, Iho niemon of Hip child of woo, Will hn^ei like tho lijit of daj, Till wo ns'wcll shall puss awny, When evening comes, nml wenry cnio A moment dis inncais, Hoi fnco will linuut us still, mid weir Ilio smile oi othci jciih The sun had barely had timo to have a good look at Guttj Gull}, and to note its altered appeiranco, when gioups began to collect around the tent where tho ghastly coipse of pool Jinet loj Utei ill tint has been said and written of the lawlessness of tho time about which wo write, crime was really rare.- A better class of men had como to the Victorian gold-fields, than the wild desperadoes who had invaded tho golden land of California. Thoso who have lived on the early gold-fields, can afford to smile at tho ingenious lies circu lated by gentlemen who would make it appear that thoy passed through wondrous adventures. To a great degree, in thoso times, the diggers woro tho pick of every country. Young and handsome honest fellows, with tho lessons of ?their mothers still strong in their minds, intent only on amassing a competency with which to make the last days of their parents easy, or to enable them to wed some dearly beloved one in distant lands, were in the majority. The mean, the depraved, were not to bo found. People vyero so lavish with what thoy earned that the incentives to crime were few, and poverty was unknown. Gambling there was, and immorality; but neither of theso vices cvei' reached tho height they did in California, as, tho soil was not suited to them. Indeed a desperado, or ' Calfornian,' was soon hunted oil a diggings — tho majority of the1 pcoplo zealously guarded against the admission of black sheep. Tho occurrence, therefore, of a murder in the community of Grit, was something so unusual, so fraught with interest, that it seemed as if no ono would do a stroke of work that day. The bars wero crowded early; and tho hotolkeepci's smiled as thdy reflected on the probability of a splendid business. Tho diggers, like all hard workers, liked a holiday, and took every occasion to have one. What better chanco than this, when two great events followed- each other so quickly — a flood and a murder. People talked in whispers about tho horrid deed. They said all sorts of strange things, and many of them hinted that they knew a lot about Iho matter. On being closely pressed they, with commendable wisdom, declared it would not do to tell. A timo would come, &c;, &o.; ? ' Thero lay tho last of poor Janet, stark in tho glowing sunlight ; the eyes that were wont to beam with joy gleaming with unearthly light ; the hands, generally, busy at that hour, olutohcd together, never to open. Men looked in upon the dead face, and then withdrew their gazo wilh a dread shudder. Two police men kept guard, and excited tho commisera tion of the crowd at their onerous and dis agreeable task to such an extent that bottles, containing something stronger than water, were lifted to their lips every few minutes. Amongst the crowd was tho Irishwoman who had so warmly taken poor Janet's part the day before ; and this worthy lady, fore most in giving refreshment to tho policemen, was loud in her denunciations of Bunakum, whom she declared to be the cause of every thing, regretting forcibly that the flood had not carried him with it the night before. Sho hinted that ho could havo been better spared than sundry tents, cradles, and Hi bernian livo stock — her property — which had been carried down the gully during the night. And with her tho majority of tlio audience agreed, although a few stuck up for the man of many words, stating that his failings were of tho head, not of tho heart ; and' to which tho Irishwoman'replied that that was not to bo wondered at, ns ho possessed nothing to speak of in tho way of tho latter. - What had become of Jack? Tho poor boy, who had at onco boon raised to, a position of importance by being eonnoeted with the mys tery of tho night, was immediately taken in hand by benevolent persons who desired to obtain every particular about the terrible oc currence. Two gentlemen, who wore corres pondents of Melbourne papers, at onco mado a set at him, and, utterly ignoring the boy's feelings, proceeded to extract information, every line of which wrung his heart. His captors soon succeeded in getting him into the Garry Owen, whero he was at once plied with ' comforts,' much against his will. Here ho had to retail, over and over again, all ho knew. This, in some measure, served to distract his grief. After all, boys aro mightily pleased by anything that raises them into importance. But, about breakfast time, when from in numerable tent-fires arose' the smoke of sac rifices to tho gods of tea and coffee and mutton chops, Gritty Gully had been thrilled to tho core. The murderers had been found I i ?' \ ? : (To he continued.) ?? - \ 