FOOTBALL. BORDER UNITED v RUTHERGLEN. by dropkick, Teams of twenty aside, representing the above clubs, met for tbe first time this season last Saturday, The game, which was played ou the Corowa Cricket- ground, attracted a large number of spectators, who seemed to thoroughly enjoy the play. Ghivell captained tbe Border, while Bolt did like duty for Ru- tkerglen. Rutkergleu winning the toss, as a matter of course, took advantage of a strong wind which, when the game started, blew almost from goal to goal ; but as the game progressed it verred round a or two. The game was started ac a, quarter to three by Chive!! kicking off. Tbe ball was quickly returned into the Border territory, where the Ru- therglen forwards, proving too active for their heavier opponents, had the best of the game for a few minutes; however, the Border men, rallying up. took the leather on to the Ruiherglea goal, when, after some .warm play, first behind was secured for the Border. Kicked off by Bolt, the ball was quickly taken the length of the ground, placing the Border goal in danger. However, Cams, picking the ball up, sent it on to Ritchie, who, after making a good run well up to ihe centre of the ground, lost his kick. The play for a L-w minuris was !:-»!. and fanou-. But RuthergLn pruvai- ed, an i getting in-: ha!< to the iior-Lr stick-, Beecrmi, . s active as a kiu>-;i, watching bis 0; ; r tiifiity. and being l.-i\\- by hmiSrii', s«---.'jr-d the bail quickly and punted it. v. . an uorairmk-.abia p.a! for Rn'heivi-:.. amidst the uproarious dohcht ! tu- Ruthrrgb.'it'ses. Kicked off, tbe bib; was for a time all over tbe groan.:-.. sod some v«ry fast play was shown by both sides. Jake Levin, Chive!, Oswald. Clay ton aod Hi-kings for the Border, and Cornelius, Marshal, Mardling, Robertson, Boit, Smith and Carey, fortbeir side, being most conspicuous. Rutbergleu, however, got the ball down the Border left wing. Robertson picking it up, and get'ing past A. Clark, sent it across to Beecroft, who was again left to take care of himself, and quickly s izsd the opportunity of adding another goal to his credit. These re verses seemed io wake tbe Borderers up, for they kept the leather well in their opponents' territory, when Donnelly and W. Clark showed some very fine play, and were ably supported by R. Thomson, McNab and Joe Levin, the latter showing some very neat and effective play ; but the Rutlierglen backs, Bolt, Smith and Rue proved equal to tli9 occasion, and prevented ther opponents from scoring. Though the Borderhad two shots for goal, nothing came of them but behind?, Clark hitting the post with one try. Rutlierglen now warmed up, and by some smart play carried the ball close up to the Border goal, when Fortune had a hurried shot, the ball hitting the goal po3t. From this till half time tbe Border had the best of the game, but failed to score. At half time the game stood — Ruthergien, 2 goals and 2 be hinds; Border, 4behinds. After an interval of ten minutes, play was resumed. The Border, who had kept a place for a player whe failed to turn up when the game started, had played a man short, now played their full number, and having the best of the wind and two goals to wipe off, started with a fixed de termination to do or die. It was evident from the start of the second half Ruther gien had not a ghost of chance, they being beaten in all points of the game. Tho Border players ran rings round them, kicking four goals — missing three very easy ones — aud eleven behinds, to -nil. The game ended decidedly in favor oi the r;C)l team, with 4 goals and 15 behinds. against 2 goals and 2 behinds for the visitors. In the latter half Don nelly, W. Clark aud J. Levin played in fine form, and were well supported by Hiskings, Dryburg, Cams, Ritchie, McNab and Tubbs — fhe latter a uewmeni- . b er who has proved a great acquisition to be Border ranks. For Ruthergien the palm must be given to Cornelias and Bolt. Both these men played a fine up- Jttill game ; while Robertson, Mardling, Rue, Smith and Audley did good service. The goal kickers for the Border were W. Clark 2, Donnelly 1, and Cams 1; Beecroft getting both the Ruthergien goals. Mr J. Donnelly filled the unenvi able position of field umpire ; and though a few of his decisions were demurred at by some of the Ruthergien players, I think, on the whole ,he" let them down very lightly, as they indulged in a good deal Of holding and slinging their opponents. Before closing this report I would like to give the Border a lit-le advice — that is, to : I el: more and run less. Running with the ball is all very well when there is a clear . passage, but to try to run through hr.lf a dozen men is a mistake that can be too freely indulged in. On Saturday next tbe Border play a homa malcb, Married v Single, and on I Saturday week it is likely a match will j take place between them and a team from Albury when a good game should be the resnlt. 