" MONEY, SIR, MONEY I [The following letter from the pen of the editor of the Contemporary Review to the Pall Mall Budget gives in forcible, language the opinions entertained by a very large section of intelligent people respecting British intervention in Egypt. -Ko. B. C] Sir-Will you permit me to lay before your readers a view of the crisis in Egypt which differs from your own, but which is held as I know, by many who have anxiously followed recent events 1 We are for leaving the domestic concerns of the Egyptian people to settle themselves. We object to the use of force, or the parade of force, or of that form of intrigue which is called diplomatic pressure, whether to support or to coerce Khedive, Ourabi, or Porte. We are quite ready to consider on their own merits reasonable precautions taken in concert with other Western Powers to secure these two ends, the personal safety of European residents and the freedom of passage through the Canal. Both these objects (and they are the only legitimate objects) are directly imperilled by armed intervention in the domestic politics of Egypt. To us, the Ultimatum dictated to a native Government at the cannon's mouth is simply the old story of bolstering up an Oriental despotism and crushing a popular movement for the sake of British interests. The only difference is this it is Mr. Gladstone, not Lord Beaconsfield, who despatches the British fleet, and the British interests involved are not the peace of Europe, but the money of a few financial gamblers, J< We are sometimes asked if we support the military party at all costs, We support neither party under any circumstances. We have nothing to do with Ourabi or Tewfik, the Sheik-ul-Azhar or the army. After hearing Mr. Blunt and Ourabi's other friends, we are not prepared to say that he is George Washington or Garibaldi. He seems to us to be no worse than other Oriental politicians, and to have a somewhat more plausible cause. But we abstain from giving him any support, material or moral. What we object to is the crashing him by our ironclads and intrigues. As to the cry that he is a military adventurer, and the terrorism of the sort, we have heard ' all that often before, and do not (as at present advised) believe a word of it. If Ourabi has seen that the only way of stopping the exploitation of Egypt by Western speculators is by showing them a native armed force who treat them as foreign enemies, he seems to me to have hit on the only fertile idea which has ever occurred to an Egyptian statesman. Anyone acquainted with the manufacture of telegrainsandcorrespondence from left Eit.steaiiK'ad easily enough between the lines of these exciting despatches ; "terrorism," hostility of the popula- tion," " military dictation," " Bedu Aveen army," collapse of the con- spiracy" we have heard all these phrases a thousand times from every corner of the Ottoman wash. I attach as much value to them as I did to "O. K's" information, or to Sir li. Layard's coffee-house hubble." I believe at least three-fourths of the published news to be the more business of the agents of the various speculations,. Egypt is honeycombed with men whose sole aim is to promote the financial schemes of various concerns They command the sources of news, the Press, and the official machine. Their clamour fills the air in Europe; their 7 or 10 per cent is the " interest of Europe ;" everything that makes', them tremble for their-, dividends was " insurrection." "dis- terrorism ;" anything that secures their dividends a few years longer is %icjLvilisatfon.r They are pure "carpet- baggers," who are making Egypt the Ireland of Europe. If not a, farthïing of interest was never again wrung from a search of the Nile to fill a Western pocket, and thfi_sum._lhe_ speculators would still have been richly overpaid, and the best results would follow! both to Europe and to Egypt. The Bourses! of the West have fallen upon that ill-fated valley as upon a happy hunting ground where 7 per cent was still to be had "(by energy and gunboats), and they have used the ignorance and the vices of the native I despots to exploit" the people, and I " install" their operations. ' In our view of it, the English Government is risking the' honour, the power, and the blood of England! to make itself the tool of these speculators, ! who contribute to the real' good of 'Egypt about as much as a flight of locusts. I am quite aware that we have technical ground in international law to interfere, and that we have promised to support the Khedive whatever that may mean. Foolish things have been done ; but we object to sinking deeper into this foul and; dangerous mud of Egyptian! intrigues " The' Khedive was never in danger until he was -seen to be the tool, of, the foreign creditors of Egypt. The independence of the Khedive," the rights of the Suzerain,", "the international Control," the status' quo,'' are simply high falutin terms for the dividends of the speculators. The; usurious interest of the money forced upon ; the tyrants of 'Egypt by western gamblers is the real key of, this imbroglio. We are not indeed blind to the facts-! that. tho_safety'-Of English residents is at stake that the free transit of the cavaliers both a British and a European interest that the cupidity, of certain European, Powers may, one day lead to, a struggle for the possession of Egypt itself. All these are very terrible truths. ' But we say that every one of these three dangers is deepened and brought closer by the sending a fleet to order the dismissal of a lawful native ''Government and the exile of its chiefs. That is exactly the way to inflame all the dangerous elements of the crisis. To speak plainly, it directly creates the crisis. The Government cannot with truth tell the people. of England that the fleet was sent to Alexandria to protect the canal and English denizens, it was sent there to terrify the Egyptian people from adopting a system, of domestic government whereby it was less likely, that the money wrung from the Egyptian, peasant would be indefinitely paid over to European speculators. We should object to sending a fleet to extort the interest of these loans even if it had been refused. But we object far more to sending a fleet to dissolve a Ministry and drive a party into exile, simply because the gamblers dislike them. Money, sir, money, is the sole motive of this act of war. High reasons of State are a mere pretext. Every reason of State enjoins non-interference in the domestic government of Cairo, as of Constantinople, We know that the risks are now very great, and that it is difficult to go back upon the policy of the " Control." But we see that it is far worse to go deeper into the policy of intervention and coercion. To us this is simply the old bad work of maintaining some favoured type of Ottoman despotism and crushing all attempts to displace it for the sake of some supposed interest of our own in the system we patronise. Lord Beaconsfield, at any rate, never sent a fleet to the Bosphorus to crush a successful local movement headed by Greek or Bulgarian. And for what he did he had at least some plausible grounds, in the maintenance of the European equilibrium, and resistance to foreign intervention and conquest. When Mr. Gladstone sends a fleet, not to the canal but to Alexandria, to order, at the cannon's mouth, the dismissal and exile of a native statesman, his direct object is to save the money of a few powerful gamblers even at the risk of European war. I can hear, sir, as I write, a hollow and ghost-like laugh of dec isÍon that seems to come from the earth, as if from a certain quiet vault at Hughenden. -I am, sir, c, 6th June. FREDERIC HARRISON. THE improvement of arms of precision is a subject I've often seen discussed (writes " Endymion ") by military means; but it would be highly interesting to get their opinion on the photographic gun" lately invented by some clever Frenchman. It is described as a very large revolver with a stock toputto the shoulder. Tliobarrolisasortof telescope, and behind this thoroarosixteen apertures which take the place of chambers. The photographic sportsman loads up with a sensitised plate, and, having cocked his » capon, goes forth. The first moment or sparrow or other bird that meets his eagle gaze is a mark for this valorous shootist. He takes careful aim. pulls the trigger, one revolution of the chamber, and he has-not a bunch of blood-stained feathers, but sixteen little pictures of the bird in different positions. Next time someone points a big revolver at me, I shall not show fight and try to knock him down, or even seek the nearest shelter. No ! I shall simply walk on with my usual stately stride, assured that some enterprising photographer is seeking to obtain sixteen pictures of the great "Endymion" in various positions. The following account of the floating gardens in India is given in a contemporary periodical : -" Whatever may once have been the case, these floating gardens on the Lake of Srinagar, the capital of Cashmere, are hot now say with flowers, but are usefully devoted to the pro duction of melons, cucumbers, and other vegetables. The manner of constructing them is as follows-The aquatic plants growing in shallow, water are interlaced together to form a foundation ; these continue to grow till a proper density 'is produced, and then the plants are severed from their roots below the water. This is of vegetable growth, now quite' secure from the bottom of the lake, is pressed as. it closer together, and formed into long beds about two yards broad: the plants composing the float are now cut down at the top, almost level with the water and strewn with a thin covering of mud on the surface. The decomposing must gradually settles amongst the seaweed stems below, and so a solidity is gradually brought about, suth-1 cient to permit of the cultivation of vegetables on the surface. These floating gardens are secured in their places by long stakes passing through them to the bottom of the lake. The harvesting to the crops thus raised goes on all the summer by means of the narrow canals left between the rows of gardens. The various vegetables are taken to Meringur, and sold at marvellously low rates to the populace, who flock down to the river bank to supply their needs from the market boats. The floating gardens last for many years, and, indeed, their duration is only measured by the deterioration of the stakes that hold them in place. To renew the stakes is to give them a new lease of life, for the fabric of the garden seems to renew itself. The gardens can be towed to a fresh site if needful, but they usually remain in the spot which the cultivator first fixed upon as advantageous, The stakes permit of an upward and down ward motion: so if the water rises the garden ascends with it, and if the water falls, the garden falls with it, without vegetation being in the least degree interrupted or hindered. On passing these floating gardens in the dusk the visitor might easily imagine himself in a Hcaport amidst a crowd of vessels rising and falling with the slightest undulation of the surface of the water. The amount of vegetables produced on the lake of Srinagar is almost incredible. Not only is there the produce of the gardens, but there are spontaneous products in abundance. Roots and seeds of various kinds of water plants are largely used. The Bingham, or horned water nut, is very plentiful; it is considered State property, and the nuts are gathered annually and sold to the people. Ground into flour and made into bread they form a principal article of diet with many, especially the boatmen and dwellers on the shores of the lake." ' 