HOLLYGROVE HOUSE. A Mystery, — In Four Chapters. (All the Year Bound.) Chapter II. (Continued.) ' No, Indeed ; I assure you, Mrs. Severn, I only wanted to see Charlie. I find — I must go home to my mother for a day or so.' She laughed. ' I thought so,' she said. ' I am pledged to hold my tongue, but I never promised for Charlie — no, not I. Will you kindly postpone your departure for a day or two ? I see by your face you will ; and, Major Tottenham, please, please open your eyes and see your mistake. I am bound not to say any more. Come and have some tea.' She took iny arm with such a charm ing gesture, and led me back to the hall with so much gentle firmness, that I was powerless to resist it, and presently the other two girls appeared — Cissy in a charming out-of-door dress (Templer had been giving her another lesson on the ice) and Kit in a cloose fitting gown of some dark stuff — to my mind the sweetest of the three. Mistake ! what mistake had I made 1 Surely, surely there could be but one interpretation to the evident under standing established between Redfern and his cousin ? Mistake '. Was I mistaken in everything? Had my eyes deceived me, or my imagination played me a trick, when I saw that man's figure go up the passage and disappear into the hall ? I sat puzzl ing over the perplexing things which were meeting me here at every turn, until Severn's gay voice came ringiug across the hall. The playful, bantering tea-table talk went on from one to the other merrily. I heard it flying from lip to lip, but yet I had not the hart to join in, neither did Kathleen take very much part in it. She had a way of coming out with a smart saying quite unexpectedly, which was not a little disconcerting sometimes. She had a ready wit, and a slight, ever so slight, vein of satire underlay her sweetness, and gave a certain amount of piquancy to her remarks which made them unlike the commonplace inanities of other young women — at least, I thought so — but now she sat silent, letting chance after chance of slipping in one of her smart sayings go by, until at last Severa turned on her with — ' Eh, Kit, are you tongue-tied this evening 1 You do not seem to have a word for any of us.' She started blushing furiously, ' I was thinking,' she faltered out. 'Thinking ! What do young women have to think about, Etty?' Severn cried, flinging himself down on the lounge beside Kathleen. ' I never could discover what they had to occupy their thoughts unless they took up a whim — or fell in love.' ' Don' you think a new fown would afford some matter for thought ?' Cissy said, meditatively. 'Kit is above thinking of her clothes,' laughed Severn. ' Above thinking of her clothes ? You must tliiuk me a very extra ordinary person. Cliarlie?' Kathleen exclaimed. ' 1 can asuro you very few women rise to such a height that they can become indifferent to what they wear. I am not one of the few.' ' Well, then, were your thoughts in your wardrobe when you sat looking as if you neither heard nor saw what was going on around you f' Severn asked. ' No ; they were not,' Kathleen said, her colour rising still more. ' Come, come, I wiJl not have Kit worried,' Etty cried out from the tea table. ' You are not bound to answer impertinent questions, Kit.' ' Worried ! Was I worrying you 1' Severn said. ' I did not in the least nipan it.' ' I know you did not,' she said softly, and rose from her seat. ' 1 was thinking of a letter I must finish in time for post, so I must run away and get it ready.' She left us going into the drawing room. Redfern looked after hnr. ' She says she must go home to her people in Ireland ; that she cannot bear to be away from her brothers and her father while they are in suob a state of danger,' he said in a low voice to Etty. ' I have said all I can to her, but it's no use. Will you try and bring her to reason — do your best to put such nonsense out o£ her head ?' ' Yes,' Etty answered ; ' I'll try ; it won't be my fault if I don't succeed,' She looked across at me. I wondered what she could mean, but I said nothing. Templer aud Cissy were deep in some afl'airs of their own. Redfern got up and sauntered into the con servatory ; Etty went after him. Find ing myself alone with Severn, I called him to come out into the povcb, and as we went down the hall together I shook the library door. It was locked. Sitting amongst the flowers and coloured leaves, I told Severn what I had seen, and how I had followed the figure into the liall. He listened with an expression of unmixed annoyance on his face, and pondered for a moment or two. 11 I'll tell you what it is,' he said at last, ' if you don't mind we'll go down to the village and see the foreman. Some of the men are at the bottom of this, believe me, and if so ' — he clenched his hand, his brow darkened — ' I pity him if I catch him,' lie muttered, The wind was moaning fitfully amongst the dark trees as we went out into the cold and dismal scene. There was a moon in the sky, but her light was obscured by masses of drifting vapour, and only a yellowish glare showed her whereabouts. The sprink ling of snow which had driven me in doors was now supplemented by icy rain. It was not ti pleasant evening to be out of doors. Charlie and I pushed on bravely, although the path by which we went was almost ankle-deep in melting snow, and every step brought us into deeper and deeper drifts of it. Still we trudged on, not speaking much, keep ing our faces buried in the collars of our ulsters, for to smoke would have been trying in the teeth of such a wind. The village lay in the dip of the hills behind Hollygrove, something less than a mile off, and twenty minutes struggle with wind and weather lauded us safely in the liUle cluster of houses which called itself a village. It was easy to find Mr. Pink, Gilder's foreman. His lodgings were in the post-office, general dealer's, chief baker's, combined in one, which, next to the vicarage, was the largest and most imposihg house in tlie village. He was evidently vnuch surprised by what both Severn and I had to tell. ' Well, sir,' he said, ' I caw answer for it the library door was locked fast enough by two o'clock yesterday, and to vny knowledge no one has been in there to-day, for the panels for the bookcases have not been sent down from town yet, and things in that room are at a standstill for the present.' Severn looked at me. 'Could anyone get at the key!' I asked. 'Well, sir, anybody might have a second key, but no one could get our key. Here it is in my pocket.' He produced a bunch of keys, selec ted one, and showed it to us.' ' It has not been out of my posses sion since the work began,' he said. There was a quiet dignity about the man which carried conviction along with it. We both felt it would be im possible to doubt his word, and yet neither of us could have been mistaken as to what we had seen. ' Someone must have made out a second key,' Severn said. ' I should very much like to have a look round the library ; that is if you will lend me your keys — or will you come back with us yourself ? It's a bad night, it is true, but then I am most anxious to get to the bottom of this, and I should very much like you to come J' ' Yes. sir.' Phik said : I was iust going to offer to come, for I want to get to the bottom of it, too.' Our walk back was simply a repeti tion of our walk to the village, only I think the slush was wetter and the wind colder ; we were delighted when we saw the lamps gleaming across the snovr and knew we were near home. Severn opened the hall door quietly, and, with as little noise as it was possible for three men to make, we entered the hall. Taking one of tlie lamps from its stand, the master of the house approached the library door. It was locked. ' I thought so,' cried the foreman, turning to us.' ' It is very odd,' Severn, said, ' but as we are here we may as well take a look round.' Pink unloeked aud flung open the door, but none of us ventured across the threshold. We stood sickened, overpowered, in a group around the door. The room was filled with the choking, disgusting odour which had so startled us tlie previous uigbt, and which had become upon mo in my bed room. We looked at oach other. 'Drains!' said Severn turning to the foreman. 'No, sir, not a drain passes near this part of the house, We had the floor up on account of that .smell ; 'twasn't half as bad either.' ' You noticed it before then f' Severn asked. ' Yes, sir ; here and in two of the upper rooms.' ' All ! the room at the corner?' I cried. ' Yes,' said Pink, turning on me sharply ; ' how do you know 1' ' Because I sleep in it,' I said, and then I told Severn of my night's experience. He could only say 'How very strange S' and look at the foreman. ' What other room did you perceive it in 1' I asked. ' The room corresponding to yours, on the other side,' Pink replied. ' Kathleen's room,' Severn said ; ' I must, ask her.' ' No — don't,' I cried, ' only got Mrs. Severn to put her somewhere else.' The foreman came forward quietly, 'Allow me, sir,' he said, taking the lamp out of Severn's hand and going fearlessly into the room. Emboldened by his example, we followed him. Tho same souse of an awful presence amongst us, which I and the rest of our party had felt on the previous evening, came upon us now. Pink was like a ghost, Severn's face expressed unbounded horror and disgust. The foreman's eyes went round the room as if seeking for something, and I felt the same rush of blood to my heart as 1 had done on the night before, but the loathsome smell seemed to drift away, and the dread sensation lessened in a moment. We went round the room, opened every press, poked the walls, flung back the shutters. Nothing was to be seen, nor, although we went through the whole of the front part of the house, did we come upon anything startling. As we returned to the hall we saw a white figure come gliding down the stairs. The foreman started, but yet there was nothing very surprising in it. It was only Cissy Redfern in a soft clinging white gown, dressed for dinner. She looked at us. ' Why — not dressed ! We were wondering what had become of you. Etty has been scmliug everywhere for you, Charlie, aud we went to listen at your door, Major Tottenham. We heard you fussing about inaide,' she said. ' Did you V I asked, and then I remembered myself. The girls must not know of the mysterious things going on around us. ' We'll soon be ready,' I said, opening the drawing room door for her. Once she had dis appeared, I beckoned to the foreman. 'Come with me,' I said, 'we do not want the ladies to be frightened, but I'd like you to come to my room.' Wo went upstairs together and entered the warm, bright, luxurious apartment. A faint, sickly smell lingered about in it, but there was nothing else. We held a brief consultation in whispers, and the man agreed to search the upper part of the house while we were at dinner. 'To tell the truth, Pink,' said Severn, ' my wife's jewels are worth stealing, aud I am rather anxious on their account, so many tilings of the kind have been stolen of late. I'll fake the most valuable of them to London to-morrow, but in the uieau time ? ' In the meantime we must scurry into our clothes and eat our dinner as best we can. (To be continued.) The WutTEUALL Review, having given a sketchy review of the richest men in the world, a correspondent signing himself H.H. supplements tlie list in the following letter : — ' Your list of richest men in tlie world is remarkable for its omission of the millionaire,, of Australia, (one died in New York the other day said to be worth from three to four millions). The richest man in Australia is a bachelor, Mr. James Tyson, to whom I shall be glad to give an introduction to any * fiue, well-built, homely English girl,' for such a one Mr. Tyson says he will marry, and he moans it. Mr. James Tyson, who is now wortu at least three and a half millions, was boru near Sydney on April J 1, 1S23. He comes from a good old Cumberland family, and owes his good fortune, consisting of broad acres, hard cash, aud countless flocks and herds, to his energy, his untiring in dustry, and his great self-denial. Though caued 'The Grass Eater,' because of his fondness for a succulent Australian herb, be is by no means a Neljuohadnezzar. He has never indulged in a glass of wine or spirits, or tobacco, in his life, and those who know him best say, as.it was said by one great man of another, 'he has not one redeeming vice.' His temper is so even that under the most trying circumstances no profane word has been heard to escape from his lips, yet he has never been to church, and the frugality and simplicity of his habits should disarm the envy of those who might be disposed to covet his great riches. Mr. Tyson offered the Government of Queensland a loan of half a million sterling a few years back to con struct a transcontinental railway, and I shall never forget the sympathy I felt for him after he had placed all the surplus cash he could in safe investments to nud he bad a miserable sum of £60,000 left over, for which the banks, with a plethora of money, would only give him two per cent. * Advertise it,' was the advice. 'No,' said Mr. Tyson, 'in that case I should only get about me a lot of fellows who cannot get money advanced from other quarters.' It was hard lines for him, and I could not assist him. It is only necessary to add that Tyson is a tall, well niade, and by no means bad-looking Aus tralian. I will only faere mention another Austialian millionaire, Mr., or the Hon. W. 3\. Clarke, M.L.C., now on a visit to England, who is believed to be worth three millions. He is a very different type of man to Mr. Tyson. His life is remarkable for boundless, yet well-directed, charity and hospitality. 'During the past five years he has given from £25,000 to £35,000 towards charitable and patriotic movements.' A youngster who has seen four sum mers and about three-quarters of as many winters, was taken to the Art Museum the other afternoon, and was much impressed with the casts of ancient statuary therein. She com lnisserated the armless condition of the Venus of Milo, and expressed much solicitude concering the -unfortunate person whose body appears deprived of head, arms, and legs. Finally she paused before the Oapitoline Wolf, from which - Romulus aud Remus are represented as drawing sustenance. She was much puzzled by this work of art, and viewed it carefully on all sides. At length she patted the unfortunate infanta softly upon their head s. 'Poor sings,' she said, with great pity, 'I s'pose your muzzer wasn't geod to you, and wouldn't let you have anysing else.' 