District News. GOONDIWINDI. [from our own correspondent.] April 25. Tins border town of ours has been un usually lively during tho past few weeks. What with race meetings, Divisional Board meetings, Marsupial Board meetings, the Easter sports, tho starting of a newspaper, and tho police court proceedings — past and pending, the minds of the people havo been fully oc cupied discussing the pros and com. But what concerns us most is rain. The outlook has bnen anything but cheerful, till within the last few days when a change came, for on Saturday night and Sunday morning, and again on Monday night we enjoyed a slight pluvial visitation which has cheered the drooping spirits of owners of stock. 1 need not say that the amount of rainfall is totally insufficient to tide us over tho winter without losses in stock of all kinds ; but now that the weather appears broken we may reasonably expect more. What ^7e want is a heavy downpour, in fact nothing short of a flood will do us any good in the way bf filling our creeks, lagoons, waterholes, &c.; Our Pastoral and Agricultural Society hold a meeting recently and decided to hold no show this year, the renson being the severity of the drought, and that stock of tho various kinds could not be brought to the show in a condition that would satisfy a critical public. In short, the show must he a failure. Then again in the produce line, I doubt if a single exhibit could be shown worth looking at ; so that the action of the Society in deciding as they did, met with tho approval of all right thinking men. The annual race meeting is fixed for 7th and 8th of June, the two ohief prizes being a Maiden Plate of £20, and the Goondiwindi Cup of £40, nominations for which must be in the hands (if the secretary on or before the 9th May. Mr. George Bridson, our late respected bank manager, will shortly be the recipient of a very handsome testimonial in the shape of a gold Waltham watch and chain, with the usual accompanying appendage — an address,, expressing all sorts of good things. On Friday evening, 21st inst. last, His Lordship, the Bishop of Brisbane, accom pacied . by the Venerable Archdeacon Matthews, arrived in Goondiwindi. On Sunday, the 23rd, the ceremony of con secration was performed at 10.30 a.m., the usual services following. In the afternoon eight children were baptised, and in the evening His. Lordship gave a most impressive discourse. The following is a copy of the potition read by Dr. Girdlestone, and tho Bishop's reply thereto : — To tho night Uovorond Father in God, Matthew Blugdcn Hale, by Dirino permission, Lord Bis hop ot Brisbane. Tho humble potition of the undersigned showoth that tho town o£ Goondiwindi is situated on tho banks of the llticIntjTe, cloao to Iho bo :dcr of Now South Wales, at a distance of about threo hundred miles from tho Cathedral city of Brisbuna. That tho number of tho inhabitants of tho said town is about four hundred, inoro or loss, and that of this number tho usual proportion are members of tho Church of rciigliuul. That up to tho present timo a congregation of tlio members of tho Church of Kng liiiul havo mot for tho purposes of Divine worahip in n secular building. That a portion of land, containing by ndmoasuromont half nn-ucrc, being nllotmont 3 of section 2, in tho town of Gooudiwindi, County oE Mnreh, was somo years ago given as a site for a church by G. T. Myles, Esq., tho certilicnte of which is now in tho hands of tho Treasurer of tho Synod. That by means of subscriptions collected years ago, when tbero was n resident clergyman in tho district, with accrued interest thereon, and by subscriptions recently collected, the trustees of tho Church of England building fund havo now been enabled to erect a suitablo buildint; for tho purposes of a church on the said site. We therefore, whoso names aro hcrcundcr subscribed, do, in tho namo, and on behalf of tho members of tho Church of England dwelling in tho aforesaid town, and tho district contiguous thereto, pray your Lordship to takotheso premises into your Rmcious considorn tion, and by virtue of your ordinary and episcopal authority to sot apart from all profane and common uses the said building, and to consecrate and dedi cuto the samo by the namo of tho ' Church of tho Holy T.-inity ' to tho solemn worship of Almighty God for ovor. (Signed.) Jamk6 MATTitRws, Archdeacon. Samukl Duouainojf , Trnsteo of Building Fund. Howard T. Cai'pbb,') T. B. PiucB, [-Mombors of Church. P. Cnownv, ) Tho Bishop rend the following sentence of conso cration, and delivered it to Archdeacon Matthews, who placed it on tho holy table :— In tho name of God, Amen. I, Matthew Blagden Halo, D.D., Bishop of Brisbane, do now prononnco and declare that this church, to bo hencoforth known and callod by tho namo of the ' Church of tho Holy Trinity,' Goondiwindi, is now conse crated, that is, it is now set apart from all profano and common uses, and is solemnly dedicated to tho worship and sorvico of Almighty God, tho ever Blessed Tc inity, Father, Son, and Holy Ghost. Given under my hand this twenty-third day of April in the year of our lord one thousand eight hundred and eighty-two. Matthew B. Hai.b, Bishop. In my next I purpose again referring to this matter, its cost of erection, and other interesting items for which I foar you will not have room in one issue. The land Bcale was not a success, which fact may he attributed to the high reserve put upon the land by the powers that be. 