Tales and Sketches. TFUL NIGHT. H. L. J. (FROM ONCE A WEEK.) Hie name of Mr. Thom uruv&t.; It was situated on the a delightful distance from * and was, during the summer, ■puiu of a very pleasant circle of peo _ who were well worth knowing, and Jio, being congenial spirits, were well pted to enjoy life together. The grounds -were laid out in the nicest manner, and kept in order by careful hands. The lawn sloped gradually down to the shore, af fording a-lovely spot for playing croquet, and along the Bhore lay plenty of boats , so there was no lack of aquatic Bports wherewith to amuse the guests. Mrs. Thornton was a cheerful, hospit able little woman, bent upon getting as much enjoyment as possible out of life, and to that end determined that her guests should be happy while beneath her root if it were within her power to compass it. " My dear," she was just saying to Ethel. Granger, who had just arrived, " 3'"" are just in time ; there is a croquet party on . the programme for this evening, and we , lack a player. They have been depending on nie, but I am no adept at croquet. I , liave so many other things to' attend to, j ' and am always thinking of something else. So, you see, I am not altogether unselfish ] in my delight at your arrival" ; 1 And then she went on to tell who; were the persons composing the party at present in the house. , , . , ' "There's Mrs. Atkins, and her sister Nelly Grantley, who is a sprightly little blonde, and is queening it here right roy ally. Then there are Julia and Maud Brently, whom you have met here before, and there's half a dozen gentlemen and ladies whom you don't know, but whom I shall take pleasure in introducing ; and, best of all, there'B Rossiter Yere, who has just returned from a trip to Europe, and for whom all the ladies are setting then caps, especially Nell Grantley. But here I am talking you to death, and you are tired enough to drop. Li0 down and get a nap before dinner; it will do you ever so much good, and I will run away and look after my other guests." Ethel Granger was a dignified brunette, stately and beautiful, with just a touch of sadness in the large, dark eyes and in the expression of the Bweet mouth, giving her a decidedly interesting look. Mr. Gran ger, Ethers father, liad been a man of in fluence, and one of the leading business men in the State in which he resided. But misfortune came upon him, grief broke his heart, and after consigning his cherished wife to the grave, he, too, worn with grief and suffering, went to rest be side her, leaving Ethel, with her eyes of dusky splendour, and her queenly head, crowned with its wealth of purple black hair, to find foT herself a home, and bat tle with the world. Ethel Granger was sadly unfitted to take care of herself, but still right nobly had the girl stood the test For months Bhe had toiled as governess in the family of one of her former friends, and, as the fa mily was about to leave town for Newport, she gladly accepted the invitation sent by kind Mrs. Thornton to spend her vacation at her house. After Mrs. Thornton left Ethel she threw herself on the bed and lost herself in slumber, from which she was awakened by the voice of the young people as they came in from a ramble. She arose, and without the assistance of a maid, suc ceeded in making he*- simple toilet She donned a black areas, trimmed with folds of crape, relieved by dainty white frills at the throat and wrists. Her beautiful _ 1 T * <\- ' * X - _ J J * head: and as she entered the dmner room -w^.Tiimnt'BtfiKlng contrastto the gay bevy of ladies already assembled there. Rossiter Vere thought he had never seen so lovely a vision before ; he felt he had met liis fate. Vere was a noble and manly, as well as handsome man. He was well built, with hair as black as the raven's wings, a silky moustache as dark as his hair, and soft gray eyea He was loved, petted, and esteemed wherever he went. As Ethel and Rossiter were to be part ners in the forthcoming games, the ladies advised him to make haste and get ac quainted ; so they chatted merrily nntil dinner was over. Soon after dinner they adjourned to the croquet grounds, which were lighted for the occasion, and com menced the match game. Some of the ladies were anxious to show off their pretty croquet suitB, and others were glad of the opportunity for a flirtation, which they knew the game would afford them ; but Ethel, who was indifferent to every thing except the game alone, played well, being able to get through in a creditable manner, and give her partner some very valuable assistance. She went through the wickets nicely, and came back to help Mr. Yere, winning' the game in a very short time. The games that followed were ended in much the same way, and Ethel was declared the queen of the cro quet lawn. When they returned to the parlour Ethel was asked to sing ; the invitation was seconded by all, and, much against her wish, she was led. to the piano. She played a simple prelude, after which her voice, rich and full, rose above the hum of voices in the music-room, in one of those sad, sweet strains which awake such tender emotions in the breasts of listen ers. At Ant her voice trembled ; but, gaining composure, she soon forgot every thing around her, and the rest of the song was rendered with an expression and pathos rarely equalled, and never excelled. Her listeners sat breathless and silent, and when the last note died away, and Bhe arose from the piano, more than one eye was moid with tears. As Rossiter Yere escorted her to a Beat, he murmured his thanks earnestly and tenderly. Evidently eveiy chord in his hoard vibrated at the sound of the sweet melody. He had been a desperate flirt, this handsome Rossiter, a perfect idol among the ladies, and was considered a great catch ; he had been courted by alL But here was one who treated him with seeming indifference. What did it mean? He had learned the meaning of love, and loved with his whole heart this girl who apparently cared nothing for him. Week after week passed by, and still die paid him no more attention than she did at the first. One evening, while the ladies were all seated in the drawing room, the masculine portion of the community having enjoyed their after dinner cigars, strolled into the room, and joined in eagerly with the ladies, who were planning some excursion for the morrow. " Yes, I think that a capital plan !" ex claimed Rossiter Vere, as he crossed the room and sat down beside Ethel " What is a capital plan ? Let us hear it, please," came from the rest of the gen tlemen, as they stepped into the room through an open window. " We were only discussing an excursion to the woods to-morrow," said Mrs. Thorn ton. " There is an old church not far from here, which was long since aban doned, being inhabited only by batsjangL owls, whichchorch is aaid to-pi^ miia j very vomaatic juid.iwe -^p» jijiE wondering whether or not it wxildd be|js nice place for a picnic. Tbeyoohg ladies' j are very much delighted with the idea. 1 What do you gentlemen think about it 1" They all agreed with Bossiter that it was a capital plan, and so it was decided that they should go early in the morning, and remain all day. * The morning dawned bright and lovely, and the party set out in high glee. Dur ing the journey it was proposed by the fun loving Nell Grantley that the exploring of the old church should be left until the last moment, and that they should make their investigations amongst the ruins by the " sweet eilver light of the moon"; it would j be so romantic, she urged, and then [the ride home by moonlight would be delight ful. Some of the ladies were not very well pleased with the idea when they thought of thp ghastly sliadows lurking in the corners, but, as the lovely Nell gene-1 rally carried the day, they Were obliged to yield as gracefully as possible. - The party, spent the day. in playing games, and rambling through :the woods, and, when twilight came on, they seated themselves on the- grass and told ghost stories until the feminine portion of the party were afraid of their own, shadows, and trembled at the slightest rustle of a leaf. But when the moon arose/ clear and bright, their courage returned, and they formed a procession and proceeded to explore the old ruins. , . Ethel and Bosriter Vere were together,. and, as they walked along inthe shadow of the old wall, they stepped on a decayed i board in the floor, which gave way under their weight, and they went down, down : into the old vault beneath, into utter . darkness. Their cries brought the rest of the party to their assistance, but nothing could be done until the men went to the nearest house and procured ropes and a light Therefore they were compelled to remain in the dark musty old vault, ima gining all sorts of awful things, until aid should arrive. Poor Ethel, who was not usually timid, felt her heart sink within her, and she clung piteously to Bossiter. But soon, overcome with fear and excitement, she sank down in a swoon. Bossiter lifted her tenderly in his arms, and pressed kiss after kiss on her lips. The novel restora tive worked as by magic. Ethel soon re vived, and moved slightly, and Bossiter clasped her to bis heart ana murmured— 11 My darling, do not be afraid ; X will protect you ; why won't yon give me the , right to protect you always! Oh, Ethel, my love, I love you madly ! Say that my love is returned!" As Bossiter bent his handsome head to catch her answer, she whispered, softly— " I have loved you from the first." Then her weary head found its testing place upon his shoulder. The men soon arrived, and, with the aid of a torch and ropes, they succeeded in restoring Ethel and Bossiter to their friends. Bat Bossiter Vere and hiB wife declare that the happiest hour in their lives was spent in the old church vault 