CnAPTEB. . XIH.-rMIIJA' HOPWOOD. If Frank was clisconcorted at suoli an imox pootcd mooting, Mr Rnnkin cortainly wns not, for ho hold out his baud and exclaimed in a choery voice, ' Holloa; Woolstonholmo ! what tho douce aro you doing horo V 'What tho douco aro you doing,' roturnod Frank, gradually recovering from his astonish mont. 'Me? Oh, I am staying with the Au ohesters.' ' Oh, you know them, then ?' ' Known 'om for years ; always run down for a week or two in the summer. Bather unluoky vieit this time-old boy's dying. I shall get away as soon as I can. Where' are you hang- ing out?' I 'I'mstaying at the Hermitage,' stammered Frank. . 'Oh ! ah, yes j how stupid nf me to bo sure 1 Of course. I heard in London, on were engaged to Miss Waylie. My best v ¡shes, Woolsten holme, I suppose you'll give np painting now, eh? 'Young artist marrie J, young artist marred'-you know tho old stying.' A aliado swept over thé artist's features. Strange that on the threshold of his new ex- istence this man should ratio tho ghost which had haunted that black pe/iod of his life. He turned it off lightly, am usked some tri val question about Lord Aucjfoster. ',? ' Oh, ho's been a lino o/d follow itv his time,' answered Mr Rankin. '/There won't be a dry eyo round here when he ¿oes. Tho Countess is broken- hearted about ft. Splendid creature tho Countess !. Did yoijsee her picture in. the Academy?' ? 'J _Wns it accident, or Vas there a reason why tho mun.looked.BO keenly nt the artist as he.put the question?, _ 'Yes, I did seo it,' /ñswered Frank uneasily. ' I noticed it because k was so like ' So like what ?' asled Mr Rankin eagerly,. ' Someone I knew/once,' -' >;. v, ;. : ,: 'Now, I'll bet yoi a tenner.I say who that someone was.' '\ 1 "Frank's face wont white,' and ho.bit ; his . lip. Did this mau know ?, .' What clo you mean?', ho asked honrsloy. <.: ' Wliy, Milly Hopwood !" " . / In a .moment Frank Woolstenholmo liad was ai'od seized Iiis formor. patjon by» the; arm; ' Waat do you know of Milly Hopwood, mau ? tell ie, for God's suke ?' | ' I . Hoighty-toighty, vhat's in the wind-: now V gasped^ Mr Rankin. ,\f What ; tho .devil W's Milly Hopwood to you?' 1 I ? ' ? . What was sho to y¿» V echoed Frank' alpost hystorically. ' } ' I ; . 'Nothing,; oxcopt. that I know hor as a lAodel at the studios. Why, overybody wlio isajv the Countess's > picture'at tho ^Academy said1 it was liko Milly Hopwood.'' Why, the Euri. s|id so .whon-it was hoing painted;. .Tho.; Countess ts Uko Milly Hopwood-'very like. By-tlfe-bye do you know what became of Milly î .â Shl a woll-beliaved, quio! girl, and sho disappj suddenl y.' | ... ' Shu diod,' niiBweiod Frank quietly, ' Poor girl ! how j ' I clon't know.'I(only know that isshe Good morning j. I claro say I shall comercroBS you again.' / " ~ With a:nod-Frank turned on. bis heeUmid strode hastily away towards tho Herminge. An hour hiter, Mr.'Riuikin was in his mistrlss's boudoii. / ' Did you talk of Milly Hopwood, and all I told you?'. asked the.Countess. ;;,;"?. ¡ ? ??.'???' Yes, my lady,' and it seemed quito to u him.' f ( - . .: ' What did ho say liad; become of this Mlly Hopwood, who was so liko me ?', - ' He said sho . was dead,'my lady.' ' Did ho speak'; doubtfully ?' 'No, iny lady j ho seemed quite certain ¡.was dead/ ' Now, Mr Rankin, you know what you hi to do ; you know that I mistrust this 1 headed 'artist, and his.. influence.. over Mss Wayliei^'You know that I beliove, in Ais impulsivo, way, he may- urgo tho girl tola clandestine marriage. I don't/say he will, bit ho mny.V She has promised mo to wait six months, but with such mon, women aro 1 wonk. If you soo thu slightest ground for suspicion, I liavo told you tho. history of this Milly. Hop- wood-my poor cousin-and this man, and yoiiiwill know-what to do.' ' Mr Rankin bowed, and rotired. :; ' Mum's tho road that leads to fortuno,' ho muttered to himself, 'and your secrot's safe with me. But you might just as woll havo loft out that story about tho poor cousin, If your «arno wasn't Milly Hopwood ,: once, Lady Au clicstor, I'm not your obedient, humble sorvant, Jnmcs Rankin.' Fy ¡sot ,ho ive lbfc 