1JTJ BLI9HED INT GOULBCJEN. Truth, everlnvisly since the world bepun, Tlio foo of tvruuli «ud Hie friend of mmi.-Canifibtll. GOULBURN: SATURDAY, JAW. 7. GOING TO LA.W. SOME people hnve quite a mania for going to law. They are nover siiisfied unless em broiled in some legal difficulty. It dues not mntter much what is the cause of dispute, their ambition being, seemingly, to figuro in the law courts on one pretext or another. The g«mo of playing ot law-a vory oostly one-is sure to ruin them Booner or l>iter ; and although this may not be of much con sequence to the general public, yet the pre sence of a litigious person maybe a positive nui*anco and sometimes n curse to bis neigh bours. In litigation there ia only ono party that is ever much of a gainer ; it is needless to say that that party is neither the plaintiff nor defendant. The one who loses in r heavy action at law is ruined; the one who gains has to hand over the lion's share to his legal adviser, as, after all, he has only played the part of the jBckal in starling the quarry. A number of law actions whioh occurred recently illuetrnto forcibly the folly of rushing into court on insufficient grounds. Two at Tass will be fresh in people's minds -an action for libel, and a cross action, in which the same partios fij-ured, only in oppo site positions. In the first oase, when £200 had been expended in costs, the plaintiff, through his counsel, with the consent of the defendant, agreed to accept a verdict of one shilling, and lot eaoh party pay his own ousts. The bleeding process slowly reve.'iled to bis mind the fact that the libellous words were not so damaging after nil, as at first sight they appeared. Coupled with this, the libeller explained that he did not mean to infliot any injury by the words used. In a fit of magnanimity the defendant, who figured ns plaintiff in the cross action, agreed, by consent, to accept a Bimilar verdict, and pay his own costs. Thus huppily ended a legal broil, to the satisfaction of all parties litiganti and legal advisers. Of course the paltry sum of £400 is nothing to spend over a ghost of a case when it bad such an amicable termination. But why in the name of common sense oould not these ; litigants come to the sime rational viow of the matter, without spending £200 each of -tlieir hard earnedoafih ? Bleeding a man's'pocket has a wonderful offect in shatponing his percep tive faculties. ? No doubt eaoh of the litigants was advised that ho had a good case, and that he was a badly used man. It ia not according to legal etiquette to disoourage litigation. If people will rush into court on every trivial,provocation, there it no holpfor it; tlioy mu»t be allowed either to expend their strength or cripple their opponents, when the litigious spirits will for a lime, be come quiescent, until some frouli provocation rousea it into action. What was gained by this outlay of money in the actions referred to ? One shilling nettod bv investing £200. A fine investment, truly. Yot this is about an average result of going to low. But it will bo said people do not go to law for sako of gain. What then-to seek justice? Seldom indeed is this the object sought-it is far oftener to gratify a paltry spirit of re vengo. And to obtain, revenge on : an opponent, a man is willing to imuiolBts him self and ruin tbo prospects ofhis family. A man with an itching for litigation, who is wishful to rush into court on every frivolous pretext, is mote, to be dranded than a thief. The latter only lays you under contribution to relieve his own necessities, and is liable to punishment for his aots ; the former ren ders you the victim of syaiomatio ileooing, that may reduoo you to absolute poverty, yet incurs no odium. You may watch a thief, but no vigilarioe is proof against a libel-monger or trespass-aotion speculator. The faot of being innooent, or in the right, will not always avail you much. If onco entangled in the meshes of the law, you may be ruined during the process of establishing your innocence ; and you sink, crushed, as tbousanda have done, under the ponderous wheels of tlie ohariot of law. If a man of means wishes to orush a rival, he can do so most effectually by involving him in a law suit on some specious pretext or other. He has only to get him into the legal mill and he will be ground exceedingly small. And there is always a host of eager «geuts read to engage in work of this description. For what purpose are fancy1 retaining feus paid to obtain justice? .The needy seeker, of justice is not able to purohaae it at such a costly rato. It is only the wealthy litigant who wish'os to obtain an advantage over a poorer rival, or to prosebuta some legal speculation, who pays those enormous fees of which we sometimes hear., As to the morality of the thing, wo leave it to jjersnns possessed of nicer powers of discrimination to detormme whether it is bettor for a man to take your properly himielf, or render you n viotim to others-to pay a profc-ssional burglar to rifle your house, or to ruin you through tho accumulation of legal costs in a protracted lawsuit. Guing to law ia like going to war-ruinous in its consoquances, and should only be reaoited to when all other meoni have bee» exhausted. Many families, "onoe prosporou8, are 'utterly ruined through the oonsoquences of lawsuits--the mombera soattered, never to be ra-ujiited ; driven to beggary, to gaol, for debt-r-worse, to the ktraots;! ' ? ' .ii I««I n-m Arrangemonts for quarantining t|io. stofiinslilp .Garmiooat Melbourne :~Slx constables 'will bo aont (o tlio qtiarnntino glntivti to pro runt coin muni oalion' botwoen 'porsonii outsida and pnHiiHtigur8 oonfinad In- tlio onoloauio, Two' looujilod ciin ?tnbloswillconlinunllypntrol entiloNiro, Two oonntnliks will bo plnnid pn lionrd thu tligl)tori, to whiah 'tlio onrco wlll ;bo trnti«forr'j<l, anil all tho f .d6nBt«bI6a\wlll bo propoJly' vncoinnied.' , | ' Many uluotloiiuurhifj'. aatnpalgnu 1 seem now in full atvliig, but tlio oouulry pays ]vory littlu attou- l ilon to thorn. j , \ I 