TURF COSSiP. ?? - ! Ur Faiook. If the prognostications be true, Ihen there is to be a largo meeting to-day at Caulfield lo oec tho Ladies' Trophy decided. Which way the bracelot will go is precisely what a great many of us would like to know just now, but with so many boreesin the raco it is difficult to make a selection. Rumor Biys the ladies insist upon their nomina tions running even though paterfamilias may say they have ho chanco of winning, and quite right loo ; aro we not continually seeing those horses winning which are declared to bo without a chanco J How often do we hear when an out sider has won that but for some fortunate cir cumstance ho would havo been scratchod. Trainers do not always know when thoir horses are most Gt ; thoy aro continually boing doccived on this point, and who shall say that some horse that inny be scratched would not otherwise havo been tho winner of tho race, nnd his lady nomi nator tho possessor of tho bracelet. Therefore, t say the Iadio3 aro quite right to insist upon a run. Besido3 it is not necessary that tho best horse should win in so large a Held nnd over so short n distance. Thoy may got badly off, be blocked, crossol or otherwiso interfered with. For at tho bc3t it is a scramble, and the horse Ioa3t thought of anil least expected may win. Wo may lmvo our favorites and yet bo a long way from spotting the winner, and in trying to do so wo nro hampered by not knowingwhatwillorwillnotgo. Thisisno faaltof those who framed tho race, for H wa.i not framed with any regard to belting purposes : on the ro verse, as far as possiblo.from its iafluoncos. Tho intention was to provide a raco for the ladies at the smallest possiblo cost nnd hampered with lha least possible conditions. It taxed the gallantry of owners to provide steeds, nnd wo are willing to believo that it gave them tho most exquisite pleasure lo be able to do so, It was also a fitting circumstance that such a raco should be provided by the Amatenr Turf Club ; a young club, com posed mostly of young men, the largor proportion, of whom nre bachelors— doubtless wishing and wailing for a favorablo opportunity to cbango their condition. .What is moro enjoyable aa n rule than a bachelors' ball ? Woll, this may bs looked upon as a bachelors' race, whero the married ladies aro always welcomed and expected 10 join. Tlio prizes nro both handsom? and acceptable ; they are no moan offerings, andVas thoy havo adorned the windows of lirnsh aud I'nimnioiid's for the past month, their beauty and value have no doubt been protty well appreciated l-y this time. Weather permit ling it will be a great day, and a large crowd will bo found gathered there. As there is a possibility of nonio of those in tho Selling llace being roserved for the Ladies' Trophy it becomes difficult to make a selection for tho first race, othorwis: 1 should plump for The Ghost. Then lioatman and Cfon zago nro dangorons cattle ; tlio formor may also be ono of those to draw out. Uelow is Iiespite to be sold for fiOsovs., and he will ronnire somo beating, and taking all things into consideration I think I should stand on Respite ; if be.-iten it would probably bo l.y Sterling. Tlio Ilurdla Race should' go to OHcnorvnn. Then comes tho Victoria ? Gold Cup, for which I should prefer Erin, Yeolo boing ono I confess to knowing very littlo about. Tlio Ladies' Trophy stands next, and of tlioso in^ho race no loss than thiity-livo horses tiro expected to como lo tho post. If tliis is so, it will be tho largest field that over started for a raco in tlio colonies. Tho most dangerous horses appear to mo to bo Tho (ihost, Transferred, ISoaiman, Squireen, Col stoun nnd King Charles ; and if tho first men tioned could oniy be trusted to run a truo race ho might just land it. The Open Stoeploeha3a should ho a grand raco and a largo field, and, well ridden, I sco no reason why Praedom Bhould not bo ns good an anything in it with, tho weight ho has lo carry. What with somo horses being off, and tha V. A.T.C. and V.It.C. Winter Stoeplo-.liase Moot ing looming in tho distance with important stakes, it drow a fow out of the lists at llendigo which otherwiso might have been starters. In spito of all drawbacks tho sport was good, and Ihero was an excellent attendance, the majority boing from Melbourne. Five horses started for tho Hurdle Race, Monitor being made tho favo -He. Ho was, however, beaten by Glonorvan, is'ap.ileon finishing second. Gonzago carried off tho Telegraph Stakes, giving 2 st. lo the two year-old Granyillo This seems to be tho only course over which the son of Lapidist can score a win. Ilalf-a-dozcn camn forth for the Steeple chase, Collingnood boing mado tho favorite, but a fresh horso, Sarsfield, by Saunteror, cut him down and won easily,— tha mostsurprising thing being that this horse Sarsfield should not have heon entered for anything at the Y.A.T.C. or V.R.C. July meetings. We mus.t lliereforo come to tho conclusion that he is vastly bettor than 1113 stable wcro aware of. Miss Windsor took th« Selliim Raco, Napoleon tho Selling Uurdlo Race, ': and Wanderer the Trot. Of U10 12S horses entered for tho Melbourne : Cup, SG of tho numbor wero onterod in the pre vious raco twolvo months ago. Tlio following aia. tlioir names and weights :— SavanaUa and l'irsl Water, 8 st. 7 lb. ; Martindnlo and Suwnrrow, 8 st. 31b.; liosworth, 8 St.; Lord I'urghlcy, -7 st. 11 lb.; Odd Trick and Lord (Jlifdcn, 7 ft. 0 Ib.| Waterloo, 7st. 81b.; Venom and Bathurst, 7 St.: ' 7 lb. ; Canary, 7 st, H lb. ; Sir Joseph, 7 at, ; He* ;?'.'? . porian anil Liberator, 0 st, 131b.; ; DaToMn; O'sfc' . ' . J2 lb. ; Lord Lisgar, G st. 11 lbv; :MtuhW-ft:H ;': '??- ?* - 10 lb. ; Tho Csnr, G r,t, 0 lb. : Creswick'^la't; 8ibf'j ' ?? Whoatcar and Euclid, Gst. 71U;;-Tlib',Oornvffst t '': ?_ filb.; Lavinia, VVcstbury, The DuVo and Pollioj \ .???'- '???? (Jst. 01b.: CriaUil. Gst. 3 lb.; Nnulilus. O^sif. V '' ?vTU.ird, KtMhOor and Itnpcrt, 5 *!. 13 Ib.j Gutlnrz, 5 ft, 12 lb. : Flying Jib, 5 c.L 11 11'. ; Santa j te CIius and Sardonyx, D st. 7 lb. cacb. | v '??. Visitors to llio Cuullield i-icciourso will, bo i pleased jo learn ll«it tome sterling impruvcincnlB i , arc Iving caused out there, vlliunewslowiuds'- i '?TOoni. coniUiUtco-toem, awl tiiat Fct apait for - ecratcliinj-s nn-l K«i!« jaymonls are now torn- ? 'pletcd,. having just received the lr.il ee:il vi paint inside; -and out. A niagniliccut slew-suds' ;-.t:uid , lias ii!kii lt.cn eroded over tli-: s.Tiitchiiig-rootn, ; cai-cl.lo of holditm twenty lenons. from here a j full vitw of tbo race and r.H (liat occurs in its i direction can be obtained, and will lie a signal p ndviintiigc to tlice who have tho conduct of tlie i races, The luncheon-room, tlio ladics'-room, ! Governor's and ineuilicis'rooirs arc alto in course { of election, and may be expected lo Lc Aniehcil In about .1 couple of months, when they will bo found to be a prcat acquisition und convenience to tbeso who patronise the meetings here. Tbo lanchcon room is HiO fcot Ion;.', anil the ladies' 40 j feet; while the Uovcnior'sand member.1,' rooms aro i 20 feel in length. Tocm-h of ttcw r.ro dressing rooms, lavatories and l.-alconic.', which when fur nished and decorated with plants will have an elegant and rcelnrcli-l awcarnnet. At tlio sainc I time comfort and convenient!! have Icon studied { to a dogrce that v.ill be much appreciated. | A considerable deal nf interest was manifested in a si.orting tiial -which took place on Tua-day last in tlio County Court, wherein Mr. Philip UoywooJ. the trainer at Caulfield, and Mr. J. 0. Inplia, the squatter, were tho litigants. It j arobo out of somo remarks which wcro made by | ? Mr. Inglis on the running of Sir Joseph at Wyndham ono week, where he lost, and the fanning of tho same horse tho following week at Caulficld, whero he won. Tho damages wcro laid at £251, Mr. Purves being encaged for the plaintiff, and Dr. Madden on behalf of the de fendant. It all arose out of tho variable ind uncertain running of Napper Tandy and Sir Joseph, ' which horses aro answcrablo for Oio niiEchief they created. Tho jury returned a verdict of £iOO for tho plaintiff. As I have «aid, considerable interest was manifested in tho trial, which wax only equalled by tho regret ex perienced by all shades of sportf men at its going lo trial, ttoth plainlilf and defendant are held in the highest estimation by their lricnds, who weio actuated with a strong desire to settle the matter out of court. Unfortunately all overtures were rejected, and the caso allowed to prococd, with the result as given. As may tc supposed in a case, of this description, there were smart say ings and repartees, which were much enjoyed by all but the litigants. If wedoraco all tho year round in thosoulhorn licmtfti'liero, we can nevertheless claim lo have a beginning and end of a .season. Wo arc entitled lo contidertlio legitimate racing season to he over, nltbough racing may ho perpetuated in tome parts of tho colony, and, properly spcakinjj, wo aro now revelling in tho throes of our steeple chase season, tho racing admitted into our pro grammes being simply a necessary variation be tween the acts -?« as togivo breathing timo to tho chief actors. Tho racing reason proper com mences with tho Jlawkesbury Hace -Jlub, the lion's provider for tho Australian Jockey Club S: ring Meeting : it bus launched a programme extending over two days, commencing on Thurs day, 2-ilh August, and finishing on the following i Saturday. There h a 100 sovs. Hurdle Piacc, I felling IJaco 75 sovs., tbs Ifau-kesbnry Guineas | of 30 guineas each with 200 guineas added, ono | mile, ?.?loscd with 71 nominations : County Purso ! with SO tovs. nddeil, ono mile nitl a quarter ; and Maiden Plate with 100 sovs., alao oue mile and a quarter. The second day commences with a a Marcs' Produce Stake with 100 sovs. added,, (ho ITawkcsiniry Gr.tnd Handicap with 300 sove. added, one mile and a bnlf, which las closed with eighty-six nomina tions ; there is a Two-year-old Slake of CO sovs., three furlongs ; Members' Handicap of 70 Eova., seven furlongs ; a Selling Race, 75 eov?. ; and Turf Club Handicap, 1W) sovp., one mile and n ' noarler. All entries have to be made by Tbura- i day, tlia 1st August. The Wyndhani club will hold a race meeting I on Saturday, tho 29th July. The programme is to consist of a Selling Hurdle Race, a Handicap Hace, Steeplechase and the Werribeo Park Handi cap. Tho jTOgranimc may be shortly expected to appear. ' Another 100 guinea gold cup has been placed j at tho disposal of the secretary of tho V.A.T.C. l-y two of its members, it vrill form a portion of a steeplechase prize, to bo run ,-t tho Caulfield j Cup meeting, and ridden by amateur riders. In tho Melbourne Cup there are 81 horses be longing to the six ami aged division, 18 fiveyear olds, EOfour- yer.v-oMs. and -19 three-year-olds. Mr. Morris Griilin'u sbaro of the Brighton cum Windsor Accident Stakes was 250 tovi-. This is better pay than a fitccplochaso rider would re ceive for n fall at the Flewinpton log fenco and being tlirown Oio other sido of lha Saltwater Bivcr. There are somo nominations to be mrido for Bay on Monday next. Tbo Utnilico Spring meeting will this year take place on the loth and 16tb of November. Scratches: Splto, Cracksman, Calma and British Lion, for the Ladion' Trophy ; Saint, llainbraco ami Scven-bille, for tho Victoria Gold Cup ; and Diane, for the Q\iea Steeplechase. Second payments for tho All.ury Marcs' Pro dnco Stakes, enclosing one eorcrcign, close on Holiday next. Several special trains aro engaged to run to tbo Caulfield course to-day, returning after tho last face. The time of starting from Prince'sbridgo will he found advertised in tho papers, also on all placards. The handicaps for the Grand National Steeple cdoeo meeting, to be held at Flcmington, on Satur day, 22nd July, are due on Monday next. Mr. W. CiJass-cocIc i« nbout to proceed to India ?with a largo mob of horsca. ThiB will uialto tho third shipload within tho spico of ono month, Jfr. John Wilton, of tho World's Circiu, and Mr. II. 3. Hunter having preceded him. Taltcrsnll's Club will hold a meeting on the Bandwitsk Ejicc- courso on Saturday, 12th August. Our grnial friend and secretary, Mr. James Ferry, will accept. tntricB on Wednesday, tho 2nd August. The urognunino consists of a Hurdle Base, of 75 sovs., distalvo two miles ; tho Trnra — ----- way Handicap, of 75 sovs., ono milo; Holling Baco, 75 eov.i., one milo : Two- year-old liaeo, 100 aove., four furl.ngs; and the Loftus Handicap. 80 sovs., one milo and tbrco lurlong?. That very promising tbreo-ycur-oM Pell Mell, which during the past sciitou diviilod tho honors of his year with Bnrehin and Commotion, has teen sulToriiiR from aEovero illness, inflammation on rnrold having attacked him. He was to bad that his legs swelled to an enormous size, and fears wero entertained thnt would reach his heart and Iuiieb. Tho tide has sinco sot in in his favor, but from tho severity of tho attack it is quite popsil Jo thnt he will ho useless as a rucohorso nntil thfl autumn of the nest se;ison. Tho Adelaide Racing Club have ajjrccil to adopt .tho rules of ra-jing similar to thoso suggested by tho Victorift linring Club. It is pos-siblo that thaso rules, however, may undergo further ro . vision at tho annual meeting of tho V.H.O., for which all clubs should bo prepared. On Saturday afternoon last nearly COO pcreons aeaemblcd at JRcndwick to witness a trotting natch and a Hat raco. Tho first event was a trot of threo miles, /or £100, holwccn Mr. W. Blott'j Ginjier, and Mr. J. Gordon's Shadow. Ginger was tho favorito at the /act, and Shadow jettinif nway in front, led a cood pace for two. njllon, whon (lincor bojan to draw upon him, and tho tulr rattled along the fur eiJo of tbo course on terms. Ginger broke at the foot of tho hill, and Shadow got a slight advantage, but K-st it a few Btrides further on by following his example, nnrt Ginger leading bun at the Trainers' Stand ciino awny and won the u;o:A closely contested trotting match that ever tuok place on tho lourso ly threo lengths. i?r. Clibborn acted as judge, and tho three miles wcic negotiated in t) miu. 41 sec Chutney and jet were then stripped for a Cat race, thrcu-tinaitcrs of a- mile, got np for £20, J. Ashworth despatched them to an excellent start, and Jet, ridden by Donald Nichokon, taking up the running, forced the inarcall the way, and won rather easily by a langth and a half from her opponent, who was piloted by Wilkinson. Very little iutrcst wa-s taken in tho event, as it was regarded as a cer tainly for Jet, and the journey was run in 1 min. 2iJ .*!ec. Those interested iu coining events will read Iho following remarks from tho Sydney Mail, audit the horses at work in the sister colony, with plea sure:— '? As tho weather at early morn is rather chilly, -work does not begin at llandv.-ick nntil a rcaonablo hour. The various training tracks are in first-class order, but it is too 'early in the day' to expect fast work ; and amongst those that are to be seen at their studies each morning aro Bat hurst, Scgenhos (who looks hearty and well, and is just about the finest colt that ever stepped on to tho course), Wheatear, Sir Olivor, Tho Drum mer, Sardonyx, Hcchi, Lord Lisgar, Lord Jiuighlcy, Lord Loftus, Stella, Eclviderc, Fan dango, Brunette (sister to Cimnainullu), Gost wyck, Merpcth, Itylstono, I'elviilcre, Korolitc, Vanquish, Dunouin, Vestal, Rupert, Twelvo Years (lato Uurwood), Vaucluse, Tho Cockney, Strathcaru, Creswick, Stella and several other old friends. The rising two-year-olds are a very fino lot, and the respective teams of T. Limond, M. Fennel!) , J. l-'ooto, Monaghan, Ivory, Kots and Alison aw doing quiet work.' From tbo Sydney Toicn und Country I find thatM^r. \VT. Forrester has purchased tho cheEt nut colt Yosemite from Mr. S. Knight. Frank Musgrove (saj-a the .S'.-l. Sporting Chronicle) who was recently with Henry Tothill, has entered into partnership with a brother to Voter St. Aibans named Bowdcn, for eight years in tho service of J. Wilson, near Geelong, and tho pair have token tho commodious stables ad joining the Parkside Hotel, where they are pre pared to tako in horses to train. At present thoir string is limited to threo, but as the unowned littlo Peter, the rider of .Brifccis in the Melbourne Cup, and many othorf.-imous winners, will join the firm after finishing his apprentice ship in August nest, the attraction of such a com petent horseman will doubtless Bpeetlily lead to an increase of patronage. On Tuesday last Messrs. Campbell, Pratt and Co. told by auction tho right of selling liquor and providing luncheon at tuo coming meeting of tho Victoria Amateur Turf Club, to bo held on tho club's grounds, at Cuulfiehl, to-day. No. 1 booth brought £](i ; Xo. 2, £1!1, and tho right of providing lniulieon, £5 — Mr. Straker, of tho Tbrco Crowns Hotel being the purchaser. The booth on tho flat broucht £21, Mr. O'Brien fccuring tho right of providing for that quarter of the ground ; and Iho outer carriage paddock fell to Mr. niggins for £2 10.?., who is confined to tho clmrgo of Is. for each horse. Total, £57 10b. Messrs. W. C. Yuillo and Co. report having raid, on account of Mr. M. O'Sbanafsy, Moirn, the four-year-old horse Ksoter, by Pania from Lady Exeter, by Kew Warrior from Agitation (imp.), by Ambrose, to Mr. 1*. H. Stnblcy, Queensland, Mr. W. O. Yuillo will hold a sale of stallions, marcs, &c;, at the National Agricultural Show yards in August ne:;t, after the annual hor£0 parade has taken place. 