ewtebtaihmehts. THE THEATRES, fee. MiBB Pomeroy appeared at the Theitre Royal on Saturday night as Hamlet. The occasion was naturally one of interest, and the house was crowded. A majority of the spectators were doubtless drawn by f«»ii«CT of curiosity to know how a lady would com port herself in this trying ordeal. If there were any present who anticipated ludicrous effects, they were disappointed, for HiBS Pomeroy succeeded in looking the part to the extent of appearing to be a graceful and ac complished princeling, though without the essential manly attribute. And, for the interpretation of the character.Bhegaveasound reading, marked by generally good elocution, correct emphasis, and appropriate attitude. But here praise must end. A graceful figure, clad in a suit of sables, speaking blank verse with a serious expression assumed for the nonce, is not Hamlet—that fascinating personage, whose griefs, passions, per plexities, and doubts reflect the world of to-day as much as they do his own individuality; a character which is the expression of a soul tragedy, and depends for its interest more on the thoughts than onlthe action; a man who, staggering under the weight of a burden too great for his mind to bear, is still the prince of poetical philosophers: i sensitive and filially pious son whose tremulous and solemn awe in presence of the ghost ma ices the apparition as terrible to the spectators as to himself, and whose whole being is impregnated with the vague horror of the dread revelation made to him of a calamity oat of the shadow of which he never passes. An acute critic has observed of this admirable creation: —" His speeches and sayings areas real as our own thoughts; their reality is in the reader's mind. It is tee who are Hamlet. This play has a prophetic truth which is above that of history. Whoever has become thonghtfol and melancholy through his own mishaps or those of others; whoever has borne about with him the clouded brow of reflection, and thought himself 1 too much i' the sun; whoever has seen the golden lamp of day dimmed by envious mists rising in his own breast, and oould find in the world only s dull blank, with nothing left remarkable in it; whoever has known * the pangs of despised love, the insolence of office, or the spurns which patient merit of the unworthy takes, he who has felt his mind sink within bm>, and sadness cling to his heart like a malsdr, who has had his hopes blighted and hieyoato staggeredby the apparitions of strange things» who cannot be well at ease while he sees «va hovering neat him like a spectre; w powers of action have been eaten up thought-he to whom the universe seem infinite, and himself nothing; whoee bitter ness of soul makes bim careless of ®) . quences, and who goestoa pbyasbieW* resource to shove off, to a second rem , evils of life by a mook repreeentauon them—this Is the true Hamlet 1 ^ character, therefore, when sufficient manly force and enongb ^ intensity to lead captive th£ raiiing the spectators, mnet alwaysbeof entb ^ interest The feminine pereonalitf, _n(j the is utterly destructive of the f ^ play, robbed of ito torest, drags ite elow pulse, It is Hamlet without fire, ^V'LJthos, Hamlet emasculated, Hamlet witbo P ^ depth of feeling, make-believe Hamlet dfolth« alL There UnsoffiriMtiMrt. wdoubted. display of Hits Home*®* feminine abilities In the •t^ofK£? S enriched creation! with *Hich Shakepe* ^ottr tbt dramatic lltoretare of W^ D»<*» to* to. wUbcvt ¥»• Mdlplsr.^.d^e^JJonthii §» general east oHj» *^o0.Tl«es on-to taito it . ^d on»y»* , Mr. ■ pathatio StoT. i&h; ba boldly written in bis gr. ft H. Vi* fully made to look ruiftMW cfnt'e Ghost was of (be well-fed sort, and Mr, B. N. Jones was by no means an en livening Polonins. Mr. Elliott, who played jbsertes, is a young actor who is gradually acquiring bis art. His performance of this character was crude, but not without merit, and as tbe defects were on the aide of re daodatxy they may be more easily remedied than otherwise might be the case. Mr. G. P. » made a capable First Oraredigger, and L'~ Carey Ma tey, ,lu was an acceptable Horatio. WJ, Applet" ftn old Melbonrne MiBB ?" i80 gave evidence of good abilities teV°Z <iceeo Miss Annie Mayor played ®B , ^ «ith praiseworthy feeling and in Opbelia wit P ^ ^ take the honBe by leihgence. mftd BCflnef a8 8ome great «torB1 J. have done, but she presented tbe actWSTnnd wretched lady" with girlish "dWC'h", Xiti0M of inaaoity w.ra grscS-„„ivaimnle. and the pitiful spectacle 512?^inSgmente formed an affecting* ^Hamlet" was performed np to Wednes night at the Theatre Royal. OnThurs. , ' MiBB Pomeroy appeared as Juliet, and on rtdv ae Lady Isabel in " East Lynne To-night Mr. W. E. Sheridan, who has „ade a good impreBBion in Sydney, appears MAt°theXBiiou Theatre, during the past Jek, the attraction has been "Forgiven, fl'focr-act comedy, by Mr. JameB Albery, ..farmed bf Mr. Marshall's company. In Sis composition, Mr. Albery has adhered to tbe lines of legitimate comedy. It is not a prolonged farce, nor is there any trace in it S the band that drew " Pink Dominoes" and <• Where's the Cat ?" The dialogue is grace fnl and witty in many parte, if thin in others, and though there are no powerful itoatione, theetory ie of eubstantial domestic interest. Clande Redruth, an artist, marries the pretty, unsophisticated daughter of an old gardener. He has bad a prior attachment for Lady Ma«d, who, it appears, "without remorse, pursued her course, and Blew him with her noble birth." The Lady Maud, how ever, on discovering that the man who has committed theunpardonableoffence of taking no for an answer is happily married, designs to win back her old lover, and ie for a time suc cessful to some extent, but finally the young wife triumphs. Mr. Marshall plays the old gar dener, a part which ie not mnch in itself; but he Bhows in it how excellent an actor he ie; bow, by close attention to details, he can differentiate every personage he represents on tbe stage, and, for the time, be the cha racter. Ur. G. S. Titherage, as the artist with the dual affection, as the lover, and as the temporarily nnfaithful huBband, had a part in which his good stage quality of per fect gentlemaulineae appears to advantage. He also singe the eong, " Don't Forget Me," behind tbe scenes to a pianoforte accompani ment in a friend's house. Ae an illustration of the very second-rate Bort of singing one hears from amateurs at private parties, it is good. Dick Fallow, a sententious humourist and sly lover, iB very well played by Mr. Grattan, who hae been completely suc cessful in concealing hia identity. Mr. Frank Forbes gives a good sketch of an electioneering member of Parliament, Ur. D'Arcy Stanfield of a yonng aristocrat) and Mr. Sterling Whyte does fairly well as a matter-of-fact sexagenarian lord. Mrs. George Gordon ie an agreeable representa tive of the Lady Maud, though not sinister enough tor tbe character who plotted the destruction of another's happiness to gratify her own revengeful feeling; Mies Cora Gwynne represents a youthful bride with bright picturflequenees; and in the rdle of the ill-used, faithful wife, Miss Emma Fischer iB charmingly fresh and natural. The scenic illutrations are prettily realistic. The comedy of" Pins and Needles" is now in preparation at this bouse. The revival of the "Grasshopper" at the Princess's Theatre has again drawn crowded houses. The unflagging spirit and mercurial elasticity of Miss Jenny Lee's impersonation of La Cigala makes its hilarity infections. Light-hearted joyousuesa pervades the whole play, and the spectator must feel that, though it is nonsense, the fooling is of the most entertaining sort. Mr. Burnett, Mr. Har wood, and the other strong members of the cwt have been retained, and the comicality , tae production has evoked as much laughter and applause as of old. Miss Lee's long and successful engagement at the trnceeg a Theatre terminated on Friday, lo-night the comic opera of " BiUee Taylor " wuibe produced with the following diatribu 5"®, °! characters :_Capt. Flapper, Mr. Sir Mincing Lane, Mr. E. ChriL J® B"nacle' Mt- a arwood ; hretepher Crab, Mr. E. Lester; Billee Lme MsS* Beauroont» Arabella FftirleJ^M- WM«Mlh#i® 5 Phoebe Osborne' wr* StewMt; Susan, Mies OaterS'J **?'Mi88Docjr St*""t. Poik ° September Mr. and Mre. J. B. Strtttegul-'111 1111 Ameri0lul <*>*<*. " The now being made In the dVweekh?JS ,pirodnction next Satnr »»y tiTwilSLr10 0PMft of " Booowcio " "»»». o! who Mr. J. L. Place of ent^lm*0?1? ?1&n;&g;®r M ThelUthe?. n .! applw**• teafMioe at the Tw/J!!" mad®theIr lwt ap Tomps'mce-ludl, on Satnr day night, before a crowded audience. They appeared as gymnasts, acrobats, clowns, clog dancers, Dutch and negro impersonators, violinists, hand bellringers, and picoolo soloists, and were highly successful in this versatile entertainment MiSB S. Harvey's songs made a good impression, and Mr. Sherley's solos on the mouth-harmonica were encored. The orchestra was under the direc tion of Mr. La Feuillade. The association for the promotion of the Christmas week musical festival having been fairly launched, the musical director appeals to all members of philharmonic and lieder tafel societies, church choirs, members of the late " Eli" chorus, private societies, to all other established choral associations, and lovers of music, to unite and form the grand festival choir, the arrangements for which are notified by advertisement. There is every reason for hope that the scheme will reach a prosperous termination. The colony possesses plenty of amateur musical talent, and the public may look forward to excellent performances of some of the great choral works of the famous masters. The concert given by the members of the Metropolitan Liedertafel in the Athenaeum hall on Wednesday evening was a moBt enjoyable one. Mr. Moroney was in excel lent voice, and in view of his approaching departure for London, hiB reception was enthusiastic. Mr. Cadden and Mr. Moyle, the other solo vocalists, were also very heartily applauded, and the work of the male choir was uniformly excellent. The Melbourne Comedy Club gave a very creditable amateur dramatic performance in Hudson's Theatre on Wednesday night in aid of the funds of the proposed Working Men's College. In the three-act drama, " Time and the Hour," Mr. C. R. Smith as Sir Philip Deverell, Mr. W. Batten as Medlicott, Mr. T. Dodd as Sparrow, and Mr. Leon Harris as Montgomery Brown, did good service. The ladies—Mrs. Robert Wilcox, Miss Eliot, and Miss Wilby—were also of valuable assistance in the representation. The after-piece was the farce of "Special Performances." 