THE UNIVERSITY COMMEMORATION. This came off the other day with great eclat, and of course Mr. Punch was present. At his suggestion the usual line of procedure was departed from, and the affair was conducted on Spiritualistic and mediumistic principles. Punch always has been considered a most reliable medium for communication with spirits, and his readers may be sure that his truly remarkable powers did not fail him on this I occasion. Through him communication was opened with many j eminently respectable classical parties of the vanished past. The shades of Horace, Livy, Aristophanes, Sallust, Cicero, Virgil, Homer , and We-won't-go-fiome-er were successively summoned, and scientifi cally pumped for information in the interests of the University. The shade of Homer swapped Greek particles with Dr. Badham in a very edifying manner, and Mr. Punch held an animated discussion with the spirit of Horace as to the relative merits and beauties of tight dresses and crinolines. The shade of Diogenes gave up a most im portant engagement in order to be present, and arrived in the veriest ghost of his once celebrated tub, of which time and the corrodiug influences of Spirit Land had left little more than the hoops. He stated that he was still continuing his search for an honest man, but had almost given up expecting to find one in Sydney. He said his sight was not as good as it used to be, and that his lantern had not improved with age any more than his tub. He had spent three days walking round John Lucas, but as his lantern was too feeble to illu minate the whole of him at once he could not discover whether he filled the bill or not ; but he meant to dispose of his lantern, and go in for the electric light apparatus, and when these arrangements were completed he intended to come back and have another look all round. The Hon. Fane de Salis was present, but whether in spirit or sub stance was never clearly ascertained. Under the influence of Punch — we beg pardon, through the mediumship of Mr. Punch — he pro ceeded to enunciate some very extraordinary ideas on the University 