THE TRAVELLER. SPAIN AND THE SPANIARDS. THE ESCHRIAIi. (Concluded.) The grand staircase of the palace is very handsome, and is beautifully decorated. The •walls are painted in fresco by the celebrated artist, Luca Giordano, the subjects represent' ing the battle of St. Quintin and the founding of the Escurial; -while the painting on the ceiling is called La Gloria, from a gigantic apotheosis of St. Lorenzo. All the .pictures are of life size, and the various pieces are painted in vivid colours, and executed in the most masterly way. The acres of wall in Spain painted by Giordano is something prodigious, and my septuagenarian guide informs me that he covered this enormous space in'seven months. Giordano was by birth an Italian, and he is known to have had three sorts of pencils, of gold, of silver, and of wood, and he made his pictures tally with his prices. The Sala de las BataUas is a splendid gallery, and the roof is most artistically painted with arabesques. Here are some magnificent battle - pieces, painted by Granelo, of Castello, and one of them from an original chiaroscuro roll, a hundred and fifty feet long, which was found in the Alcaza of Segoria, represents the battle of Higueruela, fought in 1431, when John of Castille defeated the Moors, with a loss of thirty thousand in killed and wounded. All the figures in this spiendid picture are drawn and pain ted with lifelike reality, and the King and his Generals are represented going to the fight in full armour, the rich trappings of The library ua grand room—no less tlian two hundred feet long—lined with carved book cases, and sumptuously decorated with fresco painting, done in a bright clear style. The collection of works here is enormous, and many of the Arabic manuscripts—which are very numerous—date from the first entering of the Moors into Spain. The other books are mostly works on theology and scholastic philosophy, and there are_ many curious manuscripts on vellum^ with illuminated margins and graceful miniatures, executed by the monks of the Escurial more than three centuries ago. One of the gems ei the library is an Old Testament of the eleventh century, printed in gilt letters and embellished with delicately coloured designs, which appear perfect marvels of art; and there is also an exquisite copy of the Koran, with a title-page beautifully painted in arabesque. Not far from the library are four magnificently decorated saloons, furnished in the most elaborate style with marquetry of the choicest woods and tortoiseshell ornaments inlaid with i mid. It iB related that it took the workmen : forty-six years to complete this suite, which cost eight millions of reals—above; half a million sterling. Many of the rooms contain fine works by Titian, Raphael, Paul Veronae/ Rubens, El Greco, Ribera, Velasquez, and Murillo, and as you walk through them you get glimpses of attractive portraits of kings and queens, saints, martyrs, and madonnas, grand paint- ings of battle scenes, naval fights; smiling land- scapes, bold sierras, grand feathedrals, ascetic- looking convents, Moorish palaces with trellised windows and frescoed balconies tapestried with trailing vines and radiant Sowers; Andalusian and Castilian beauties most marvellously portrayed with beauty-, spots placed coquettishlv at the eorner of. their mouths, little circular curls upon their temples, large fans Bpread out like peacock tails in their delicate hands,.'high-backed: tortoiseshell combs in their dark tresses,.and black lace mantillas casting ■ a soft velvety shadow over the finest dark eyes in the world. There they are all 'wonderfully delineated on canvas, and they look so life like and so natural that they ever seem to \vave their fans and to wink and smile at yon as you gaze upon them. Here, too, are jaunty muleteers and soldiers in gay uniform3 whispering soft things to dapper young damsels—handsome creatures with tightly fitting silk stockings and very short dresses; and side by side with these are the portraits of pompous - looking hidalgos in pumps and prodigious coasts, tl&t; cocked hats under 1 i-jir arms, and large hunches of seals and ..eys hanging on their stomachs — with ujob, grandees, and infantas, antiquated durfias, frightful old Bhrews as ugly as the seven capital sins, monks with wrinkled features bleared eyes, and big warts on their rubicund noses; knights in armour, warriors, states men, men of letters, philosophers, and dancing girls, with other divinities of a more or less doubtful character. With these wonderful masterpieces of Spanish life_ and character are others altogether fantastic in their conception, and which fully realize the most frightful nightmares that any human being ever perceived in his dreams—pictures all masses of gloomy clouds floating in the turbid atmosphere of a stormy night, where you see the lightning flashing in zigzag streamB of forked fire, where the pale moon shines fitfully, where the stars twinkle with a consumptive whiteness, where the gaunt trees stretch forth their withered limbs, where over the dark pools and streams' floats the deadly miasma, where strange monsters, in the form of vampires, goblins, and demons, fill the air, and where frolicsome witches and wizards cut wild unearthly pranks as they ride upon the wind or fly in hideous caval cades along the weird background of the horizon. Oue of the most interesting por traits is that of Philip H., a pale- emaciated vapid old man, who, habited in a quaint Spanish costume, reminds one of a ghost of the middle ages. The old man's head is as bald as a billiard ball, his features are cramped and pinched, his flesh is wrinkled and ghastly white, and the ascetic King, standing as it were upon the threshold of eternity, looks sad and mournful, as if grieving over the wreck of his exhausted empire. It is a relief to turn from this sad remnant of regal pomp and splendour to the handsome form of Velasquez, with his rich velvet doublet, broad white collar, fine oval face, clean-cut brow, pointed beard, and curl ing moustaches twisting up to his dark eyes. You may study the graud_ creations of his wonderful genius around him, his gorgeous kings and queens, his graceful infantas, his chivalrous dons, his dark-eyed smiling beauties with coral lips and pearly teeth, his darling muleteers and boy horsemen, one and all created with the same grand touch of his magic hand. Velasquez may be truly called the prince of portrait painters, paint ing not only the outward form but the mind, where there was any to delineate. His manipulation is certainly wonderful, pro ducing with a few touches the most surpris ing effects, while there is a breadth and grandeur about his compositions which at once rivets the attention and charms the imagination. In striking • contrast to the portrait of Velasquez is that of Murillo, with liis heavy visage, stern look, vigorous head, full lustrous eyes, short wiry moustache, and long wavy black hair flowing over his shoulders. This king of the Spanish school of painting may be seen here in-his three manners, which the Spaniards call frio (cold), calido (hot), and vaparoso (vapoury). Murillo was par excellence the painter of "conceptions," and you may recog nise at once his lofty ideal of the Holy Virgin, as, surrounded by soft vapoury clouds ana bnght bursts of sunlight, her countenance beams with a thoughtful yet happy innocence, as with severe and admiring eyes she gazes exultingly towards heaven. You will admire his angels with sunny hair, twirling yellow robes, and purple mantles, treading upon clouds; and his flying cherubims with their chubly pink faces, showering down handfuls of red and white roses; and above all, you will marvel at his chaste delineation of the Infant Saviour, where the rounded form, the delicate flesh tints, and the shining aureolh round the child-like head all tell of his deep religious sentiment and wonderful artistic power. How different to these celestial creations of Murillo are the children of the earth which he has depicted with such marvellous reality in all their rags and. squalid wretchedness. The former appear to nave come straight from heaven, aud the latter to have jast stepped out from the lowest haunts of man. Murillo was not a very imaginative artist, and his real subjects are street^ children, madonnas, and saints. Of learning he had but little; he painted from his heart and not from his head. He had not the sublime elevation of style of the Italian masters, but his works have always the charm of simpli city combined with originality and great beauty, while his manner is always elevated and full of religious feeling. He painted from nature, so that the purity and truthful ness of his paintings command the admira tion of every one. In fact no man can behold the masterpieces of Murillo without^ feeling that he possessed a sublime imagination, which is shown in the masterly boldness of his drawings, the exquisite roundnesss of his forms, and the breadth, depth, richness, and transparency of his colouring. Turn now from the grand productions of Valesquez and MuriQo and gaze' upon one or two of Ribcra, who lived about the same period, and who belong to what I may term the ".slaughtering school." They are mostly pictures of Saints undergoing martyrdom, and are painted in a style to make the blood run cold. These kind of pictures are very frequently to be met with in Spain, and they appear to have been invented for the especial edification of cannibals. In these sanguinary tableaux, which have an unpleasant touch of the torture chamber, of the Inquisition, and the charnel-house about-them, tne artist will not spare you one drop of blood nor one single ghastly detail You must see the quivering of the living flesh, whose d&rk.; purple hue contrasts strongly with the bluish, bloodless whiteness of the skin. You must; behold torn asunder, the joints wrenched off, the eyes gouged out, the, living brain torn from the bleedibg scalp, the ears pierced by red hot jrons, the tongue'cut from the mouth.^ths fingernails plucked out, the toes twisteaooff, the Vertebrae severed by the sharp blade; ithe pulsating nerves;and gasping woupds that vomit.forth bipod from the living mouths. | Every detail,, in fact, is rendered "with horrible truthfulness, sufficient to iriakd dven El Diablo himself start back with-affright. ' If you happen to be of a bilious disposition and Want to throw off your bile, just Ox. your ieye upon one of these pictures, apd tho chances are that it will act as the strongest; .emetic. . The craving for the "true, however revolting, is a characteristic feature' of Spanish art. Mere cold idealism and rapid" conventionality are utterly foreign to' "the ; genius - of the people. For \- them '; simple sculpture is not .suf ficient. ; they require their statues to be coloured, and their virgins and saints to be painted and clothed in real clothes To § lease them the material illusion can nfever ecatried too far, and their Unbridled passion for the real causes them sometimes to over step, the line which separates the sculptor's studio from the boiling room of the wax work exhibition, and the artist's atelier from the hospital dissecting-room. Many of the masterpieces of the most; celebrated Spanish artists to be seen hero are no doubt very fine, both in conception and execution; but those who expect to find in Spain a school of painting equal to the Italian will be disappointed. The great; Spanish school was only short lived—it shone like a brilliant meteor, and then suddenly disappeared, leaving very little trace behind, like the glorious empire of which it was a conspicuous ornament. It is, in fact, very re markable, as showing the influence of national prosperity over art, that almost all the best painters m Spain flourished towards the end of the fifteenth or beginning of the sixteenth, centuries, when Spam was at the zenith of her greatness, and when the literature of the country was most distinguished. Thus, taking only a few of the most talented of the Spanish school, it will be seen that El Greco, Roelas, Ribaetar, Herrera, Zurbaran, Velasquez, Murillo, and a hdgt of others de serving of almost equal rank, and whose workB cover the walls of the Escurial, were all born between the years 1558 and 1618. Now it was precisely at the same period .that the literature, and especially the drama, of Spain was most flourishing—when, indeed, the genius of the great authors gave an extra ordinary impulse to the taste and literature of the country. Thus Cervantes was born in 1550, Lope de Vega in 1562, and Calderon in 1600\. At this time literature in "all its branches had made rapid strides, and theological writers, romancists, aud poets appeared in every province of the kingdom. No less than seventy well-known dramatic poets lived in Castile alone, and the number of heroic dramas, sacramental autos and farces were estimated at this period to exceed forty thousand; while Lope de Vega, perhaps the most prolific author Spain ever produced, wrote, or improvised, the extraordinary number of one thousand eight hundred plays. But whatever may have been the influence of taste and culture upon the Spanish school of painting, there can be no doubt that it had to contend with restrictions which were most prejudicial to the genius of the painters, and which will account in some measure for the sombre and almost severe feeling which is one of the marked characteristics of many of their grandest chef^ d'asuvres. Spanish art may indeed be said to have been born in a. convent cell, and up to a certain point it was eventually a slave of the Church and the Court. At first the artists were uot allowed to draw more than the heads and hands from the naked figure, and so great were the notions of propriety at one time that by the rules of the Inquisition every other part of the body was required to be kept covered. In strolling through these grand old halls of the EscuriaL now silent and unoccupied,, the mind wanders back instinctively as if were to that golden age of Spain when this wondrous palace was the seat of the most , chivalrous Court in Europe. You traverse endless corridors, ascend flights of stairs in perpetual succession, and enter spacious vestibules and countless rcoms, where the rich furniture, the gorgeous arabesques, the splendid paintings and costly works of art crowd upon the. view with bewildering effect, and tell plainly of the past splendour of the place, while picturesque figures of whole generations of courtly Spaniards seam to flit before the imagination, and make the memory busy with the past. 