Inqlidh W<z\Y\ « O Captain Conder and Lieut. Mantell have returned from their first campaign in exploring Eastern Pales' tine. A map giving, 500 square miles, with notes, plans, ctc., concerning Moab and Gilead, are amongst the results of their labors. Henry Ward Beecher has been employed for some time on a " Life of Christ," which it is expccted will be completed during the present year. Two vicars of two of the most populous parishes in Bristol, both of whom are Evangelical clergymen, have originated a Church Mission Army, designed to reach the masses, somewhat on the lines of the Salvation Army, but without their eccentricities. Regiments have already been formed in three parishes. On Sunday, for the first time in the municipal history of Exeter, says the Christian Globe, the mayor and corporation attended a Wcsleyan Chapel in state. His worship (Mr. Andrews) is a well-known member of tliis dissenting body, and recently presided at an Excter-hall meeting. In deference to the usual custom lie attended chapel on the Sunday succeeding his election, and was accompanied by magistrates and members of both political bodies in the council, including a Roman Catholic alderman and the governor of the Corporation of the Poor, who is a member of the Jewish persuasion. The Ilcv. Signor Gavazzi is at present in England gathering funds for Italian Evangelisation. Speaking ou this subject in the Congregational Church, Leeds, lie said ''he was thankful to God that in this great work He had chosen the Free Christian Church as one of the best instruments, it' not the best. A number of years he had been engaged in the work, and ho was satisfied with the result. The Free Christian Church was entirely a native institution, and was, he believed,'* destined under God to be the great instrument for the conversion of the Italians. At the present moment it comprised thirty-live churches and thirty-six evangelical stations, which were regularly -visited by the pastors. In 1870 it, had scarcely lUO communicants, now it had about 2,000 communicants and OuO catechumens. Not a single communicant was born a Protestant, they were all converts from Romanism." General " Booth, of the Salvai ion Army, and his two daughters, were tho guests of the Lord -Mayor of i'orlc, and were driven to his residence in his worship's carriage, on the occasion of a vi-it (o lay the foundation stone of the new Salvation Army " Barracks." During the nine years that tlie Missionary Institute at llarlcy House, Bow, lias been in existence, over 20J .•ouiif men have been trained and scut into the foreign field. At the beginning of July last, a conversazione ind farewell service to fourteen additional missionaries were held at the Institute. An evening meeting was lehl addressed by Rev. Sinclair Patterson, M.D., Mrs. Guinness, and Rev. Grattan Guinness, the last named beiu" the originator and active agent of the Institute. The chair was occupied by Mr. Stephenson A. Blackwood, C.B., treasurer. About 20,000 persons "ere said to be assembled at the " National Thanksgiving," held at the Alexandria Palace, in celebration of the seventcemh anniver?ary of the Salvation Army. Excursion trains ran from all parts of the kingdom, so that General Booth, who controls the movements of 15,00o evangelists, had indeed a formidable muster of " rank and Jile," many of whom had travelled during the previous night in their anxietv to be present. Mr. Booth's statement of various facts was received with extraordinary demonstrations, and during his subsequent exhortations io advance tho principles of the Army, the enthusia^n often degenerated into something like mere tumult. Announement made at the evening meeting of the principal Minis collected during the clay, which inclu< led one donation of £100 and numerous smaller amounts. The London Hospital Sunday Fund lias reached the total of £32,000 this year, which is about £:t00 more than has ever been collected before, and : t is thought that another £1,000 will be received before the accounts are closed.—The Epworth Wcsleyan Circuit has resolved to memorialize the Conference for the erection of a memorial chapel, schoolrooms, minister's house, etc., at this place, which was the birthplace of John and Chas. Weslev.—The collect ions taken at, the United Methodist Free Church anniversary at llanley, amounted to £117. The Rev. Dr. W. M. Taylor of New York has been spending his annual holiday in England, preaching on the first Siuiday of his arrival in Dr. Edmund's Church, Highbury. The Annual Conference of the United Christian Army has been held at Goole. It is a movement employ - ing a similar method to the Salvation Army, but having a distinct organization, those of its members who scccdcd from the Salvation Army having done so on the ground of the "Army" being a "one-man" movement. The present United Christian Army has stations in Yorkshire and North Lincolnshire, aud is purchasing and acquiring property at its several stations, the last purchase being the Public Rooms at Goole for £1,700. The main business of the conference was to settle a code of doctrines,'as well as rules and regulations for the government of the " Army." The doctrines defined arc of the simplest—the belief in God, Christ, and the Holy Ghost, and the eflicncy of Christ's atonement. The rules place the government of the body in the hands of an annual conference. Over 100 delegates and evangelists were present, the cliair being taken by the Rev. YVm. Garner, who was subsequently, by the unanimous vote of till present, elected general superintendent. Christ Church, Liversedge, York, was struck by light- ning during Divine service and whilst the congregation was singing the " Te Deum," causing a general panic, but no one was hurt.—The fund for the Rev. S. F. Green, the imprisoned ritualist, to be given him on his release, produced £1,000 in less than a fortnight.— Prince Leopold laid the foundation stone of a new parish church for Hammersmith. — The 111th anniversary festival of Cheshurst College has been celebrated ; the college was founded by Countess Huntingdon, and is now practically devoted to the purposes of the Congregational Churches. There are thirty-six students in residence.— A new Congregational church, to cost £2,430, to take the place of tho old Ebenezer Chapel, is being built on the north side of Commercial Road.—Mr, Spurgeou, writing on June 21, acknowledges the receipt in small sums of a total of £360, which have been sent him as birthday presents for the Orphanage.—Princess Christian has laid the foundation stone of a new hospital to be erected in memory of -the late Princess Alice at Eastbourne.—The " Prince of Wales Wing " of the Metropolitan and City Police Orphanage, Strawberry-hill, Twickenham, has'been opened by the Prince and Princess of Wales. The Bishop of Limerick has just brought from Egypt some fragments of Greek and Coptic papyri, which, it, is believed, will prove of great interest to scholars.—The Church of England Temperance Society held a gala day at the Crystal Palace, at which 35,000 persons attended.—Five' lady tvdents in the Crystal l'alaco 717 School of Art have gained the Vice-Chancellor's certificate of the University of Cambridge.—Philip Philips, the singing pilgrim, is once more in England, wlicre he is laboring, assisted by his son.— Mr. Shapird, of Jerusalem, has arrived in England with a new collection of Hebrew and Arabic manuscripts.—The Ecclesiastical Commissioners through the sale of property in Bolton liave lately come into possession of £20,000, which they intend to divide amongst the livings in and around Bolton.—It is proposed to raise £30,000 for church extension at Portsmouth, the Bishop of Winchester offers to contribute £1,000 a year during his episcopate.— The various churches in Glasgow have appointed committees to see what can be done to reach 1he 300,000 non-church-goers in the city. 