Mitchell. ON GHOSTS AND GRAVEYARDS. . First Appearance. " There are more things in heaven and earth, \- Horatio, Than arc dreamt of in your philosophy," . -t-Shakespeare. Whbx amangets among ghosts on such an interesting topic as local graveyards, it is very hard to say " when he can get away from them ; but 1 had fondly hoped that after the fall and fair report which I intended to give of the meeting held at the "Council Chambers," Mitchell, on the evening of the 11th October last that I would be left in peace, and that these inhabitants which' are 'Said to be "slowly progressing" would be come "much more high" in the world, aB your late sporting contributor would have it. Bat, sir, I had *• reckoned without my (G) host," for a few nights after as I was surveying the old crossing at the Maranoa river, convenient to the locality where it is supposed the railway bridge will span the formidable stream—of sand—with a view of erecting a bathing machine for the fair : nymphs of Mitchell during the "dog days," j I was suddenly startled from my reverie by j seeing one of those melancholy specimens of humanity gliding across the Maranoa - for it was flood time, mark you—in the smack that Mitchell mariners use when plying with the mails from the township to Cobb's camp on the opposite bank. I most say that the skipper and crew of the smack were not alioard, as they have since informed me that, although having a partiality for spirits, they do not mnch care for ghosts. Be that as it may, to my horror I saw that the smack was bearing over directly to where I stood. " lio, ho 1" said I -to myself, •* I would much rather meet this gentleman on the level and ^art on the square than in the dissolute rëgUtn." -So having s wallowed about half a flask pf~ chain lightning— Demerara rum I mean—which is very plentiful here of late, to clear my throat, I drew in close to the safest part of the embaukment and shouted out, " Ship, ahoy I" Presently my hair stood on end, and the pegs fell out of my boots from the shaking of my knees, as I heard a deep sepulchral murmur like the boom of an Aimstrong gun or the groan of a " Woolwich lufant." "Aye,-aye, sir! Sir, who have you-aboard !" Thinking that the best of my plan was to play no tricks upon travellers, . I made, answer in a subdued and trembling voice, " No one but a wretched correspon dent of the Western Star, editorially and vulgarly, and properly called * Snooks.' " " All right my hearty i" groaned the ghost, who, having glided out of the smack and made his cable fast to my leg to prevent my running away, stretched out one bony fore finger to intimate that I might sit down and be at my ease. _ Sir, , this was , all very.-Cae. .. but you might expect the assembly around the Mitchell post office on mail nights, wait ing for the delivery of letters, papera,' &c.;, to cease growling for the spiritual and temporal welfare of the local postmaster, as for me to be at my ease in such compauy. The only weapon of defence £ had about me was a pencil, so I drew it out a like a hero, though I did not feel like one, and took notes of thé following dialogue; which for the convenience of the narrative and the comfort of your, readers, I will ask you to put in " dialogue" type if possible. Ghost—" I- am the Patriarch budgerie oí King Peter's great-grand-father's grand nncle's pickininy ?" Snooks—" Well my venerable friend, lam sorry that I have not any decent accommo dation to offer yon about this little township but I understand that the streets are about to be repaired—footpaths and the necessary water tables to be duly constructed round the Divisional Boards' office, and its im mediate vicinity—a dam is to be sunk in the new paddock—where impounded horses and cattle and even registered goats can get a wholesome drink, and, floating high above all, in a pleasant secluded pait of Mitchell, a silken banner with wheelbarrow and shovel rampant, bearing this motto, * Help your friends !' * Ghost—" I am glad to see that the trade and prosperity of Mitchell have lately re ceived an impetus ; and have been com missioned by the ghosts of the Maranoa district to offer their bones at a reduced rate for the ■ purpose of establishing a local manufactory in connection with the saw mills to serve as cement in fixing and adjusting the S shaped hoards when found necessary, the remainder, if any, to imitate an industry for the sale of superphosphate of lime. We have taken the professional opinion of our duly qualified medical prac tioner, and he recommends as the shortest way to remedy the desecrated state of onr cemetery and provide proper accommodation for the present and future generations of Mitchell, to sell their bones by public auction or private contract to some one of the many enterprising citizens who may wish to embark in that line of business. A judicious combination of oyster shells, which may be easily procured in Koma, burnt wallaby scalps, and our bones would be found to be the greatest novelty in this season's manures." 1 Snooks—" You quadrilateral old humbug ! What do yon mean, or what bas put this fertile expedient into your empty skull ?" Ghost—" Mortal I beware of such ex pressions to us ! Know that, tbongh you Bee them not, thousands of my fellow- ghosts are hovèring around you so intense is their interests in the subject of our conversation." Snooks—" Me peccavi ; me peceavi ; Don't l¿t them touch me, and I wül never call you names again." Ghost—" Sir, in the invisible world we have an idea that when an evil is recognised as such, and proved to be injurious, it is only necessary to call a public meeting at the "Council Chambers," let the "Mayor" take the chair, appoint a select committee, publish the proceedings in the Western Star, and it is- remedied at once. We took all those steps on the question of the desecration of the Mitchell Cemetery and its consequent ill effects on the comfort of the dead, and the torture to their living friends now more than twelve months agone, but nothing has been done. 'Tis time tenders were called for the erection of -a -three-railed fence for the cemetery, but although several of your townsmen tendered, some being as low as six shillings per rod, none of the tenders were accepted, all were thrown out. " There is a tide in the affairs of men, Which taken at the flood leads on to fortune." ^ Our condition is becoming more desperate ; a ghastly weird-like cry rises to heaven night-after night from our reeljing, deserted, unfenced cemetery } bat «till ho heed is taken of such'a disgraeeftil state of affairs." ISuuofcj ■ - {j Ming and grasping the digUal extremities of the ' Patriarch—Ghosts visible and invisible, I regret very mach the de cision at 'which you have arrived, or rather, to which yon have been driven. The canse of that decision has been weighing on the minds and consciences of many thoughtful ÍRgnJn this town, and will shortly receive the practical consideration that the pressure of the case demands. The large and in fluential meeting of Wednesday night last, with his Worship presiding, will no .doubt waken the whole community to s sense of their plain duty and force the redress of this shameful grievance-. Therefore, previous to advertising for tenders to remove your honored dost to whatever bone-mill you may determine upon, let me prevail on you to re consider your determination, and give the " powers that be" one more opportunity of doing their duty to you and to themselves." Ghosts, all—Snooks, we like you, and hope that you will soon join us, for until you or some one of those who make the laws for Mitchell at its own expense, or rather the ratepayers expense, and take upon you to appear to each and every individual of the "city lathers" in succession, we fear the cemetery and the streets of your promising township, and your water supply, .or any other improvement required will be shelved and lie in abeyancetill—well, I'll you tell some other time. For the present let it ' eventuate' —Is not that a fashionable expression here ?" Snooks—(in conclusion)—Gentlemen ghosts and you my quadrilateral old !—ex cuse me—I have no doubt that you one and all entertain a very great regârdfor me when X remember .-that, you intend .to wait -on me again ;. but at.thg_§^me time I have no par ticular incliuätWn öf joining you iû spirit laud for many yeafrs to come, and though 1 felt displeased when listening, tq such senti ments as you used a moment ago, I forgive you, however, from my heart, and will always continue to be your Snooks. 14th October, 1882. 