THE WANDERER. NOTES FROM JAPAN. No. I. By "The Vagabond." We start from Shanghai down the Hwangpo, into the Yangtze, under the charge of my old friend Chang Yu. In spite of hia fondneaa for opium, there is no doubt that he is a very skilful pilot. He engineers us through the fleet or junks and fishing boats which lie anchored off Woosung in a manner which arouses our admiration. "The Heaven-sent barrier," as the Chinese, thankful for all things, call the bar at the junction of the river, is safely passed. European pilots generally think that tbeBe obstacles are evolved in another place in which we wish them. But it is very close work sometimes, and Chung Yu has acquired British nautical habits to the extent that he freely urns the English Bbibboleth in enforcing his orders, and d ns the sailors as freely as a master mariner. Bather tedious work was that dropping down from Shanghai stern foremost with the anchor trailing at our bows as a break. It was the first time I had ever Bailed on the waters in this ignominious way. We got into the Yangtze with a head wind, bnt strong current in our favour, and here \- adopt another mode of progression—going sideways like a crab at the rate of four miles an hbnr. Two nights we are at anchcr until clear' of the dangers of the Blue River, ao called because it is of the muddiest yellow, its waters being thick as pea-soup. But Chang Yu does not afflict us with the fumes of his opium any more. His own junk lies along side, and,into it be retires when his work is over to get his chow and have a debauch of opium, Ail day long the fish are leaping out of the water around as. One shoal is of a beautiful pure golden colour, not red but yellow, BB gorgeous as any seen in the reefs in the coral lands. The rivers as well as the land of China are wonderfully rich. Here, again, 1 notice that the finny tribes have a hard time of it, and small chance of ar riving at any very great age. They are allowed to go hp the river with the tide, and then' hundreds of fishing-boats are anchored, with miles of net between— scarcely a fair thing from a:piscatory point of views. Bnt the inexhaustible sea still poors its thousands and millions of finny inhabi tant^ into the tributary streams, to become the prey of the fisherman, and a staple food, of the-people. Them had beena change in the Command of the Woodbine, a change considerably for the better. Bound for Nagasaki in ballast, we bowl along at the rate of 11 knots an hour. Soon after leaving the Tohgsha. light we are again in the Knro hi wo. The sea assumes afi shades of tea-green, from the very lightest until one black as the fluid in aswagman'a billy. Nowhere on the face of the watem can such canons colours be seen as in the Black-BtMun of Japan. Next -to the Gulf Stream,'this is the most extraordinary pur rent in tbe world.; It runs sometimes atthe rate of over 100 fajles a day, but it is a. rate ever varying, and which can never be de pended upon. The mariner here has to keep a sharp lookout, and be very nice in his cal culatjons. - Eveijr^now andthenthe Vessel runs lntoeoi|aeyfsyes of " chow- chow" tfkgter. - On(.p,- smooth , gea with a", fairwind' thiB comes . hissing along like a geyset, and will often -sweep over .< the decks. These extraordinary tide ripsjWhlch resemble heavjr ) brokers on shoals and reefs, - pre. caussdbycoimtercurrents or inequalities in the bedbr'tjne oCean. The dahgecs of navi gation here ace evident, when it js recorded' <hat a vessel in a heavy gale with stormeails set was Once borne dead to' windward 98 miles ip .throe days. In 86 honte we sight: (Kiuaim-pnb . of -the Japan Islands. But top. -soon we ^ congratulating Captain Steel on j his anccpsflful run. We are struck by a sudden; tanall,. which, I ram certain, is a jnvenOe relation of the typhoon family, apd well: devdopeafor his age. It is pretty smart _ wojtk taking in sails, tf. says ' ss wiU come put of her before this js I don't -think that could add to my lort .in being knocked about in the ad with^lT my belongings wet and Suddenly there is a calm, n< it and now there is a danger of; epjh&re; A foe rises up afs >J > gush about Jspan eay thi ,t like that of.England. Not cnnehto its credit, but this fog favpurs tl e th^sy.Theputrent istakingus to the north i it. Ahexarteof a mflean hour. Thefog lifts, and i; •can anpljfee tbedifference between the coas a •ofCbfnn and Japan. High hillsandbluff >• .wkhnoculti ratio i, .eduttoenb, whether the Japanese Government would not be beaten. Bat, as in our civil war, one party held the sea and the control of exterior supplies, and foreign sympathy and aid was with the Government; for 16 years before had not Mr. Richardson been murdered by swordsmen of the SatBuma. clan, chiefs and people of which were loudest in their threats against the foreigners ? The reprisal taken by Great Britain in the bombardment of Kagosiona, the capital of the province, was very much criti cised by the peace party in England, and the course taken was not justified by the Govern ment of the day. But lately translated Japanese recordB show that at the very time of the outrages at Yokohama, the daimios were ciamonring to the Mikado to give orders to the Taiknn, or Shogun, to appoint a day when the foreigners Bhould be driven into the sea. There was a party at the Imperial Court which believed that this was the easiest possible thing -in the world. ' An ediot actually was issued, and A day named, when the barbarians must' depart. But the. nnfortnnate Taikun, the 1 business man. of the empire, who had been brought. Into connexion with the foreigners, and knew the power behind them, never at tempted to pat any such decree in force. "Tom them ont!" eaid the Mikado and the daimios. " I can't," eaid the Taikun. This | was the beginning of the revolution whereby the Taikun, mayor of the palace, became a thing of the past, and the Mikado, name for a rot faintant for 200 years, nominally took thehnsinessof government into his own hands. The daimios kept up a continual outcry, i "Callyourself a Taikun, and can't turn out i these foreigners! See what we'll do when we get a chance 1" It was this spirit which caused the murder of Mr. Richardson and other outrages on foreigners, and the attacks made on American, French, and German vessels by the daimio of Choshin at the Straits of Simonoseki. The unfortunate Taikun had nothing to do with theBe—-he oonldn'-t stop them. The potentates who committed them were opposed to him as to the foreigners. Last of his rank, he had a more unhappy time of it than any of his pre decessors. It would have been fairer if the Mikado had been superseded as useless, and the Taiknn made sole ruler of Japan, an event which was very possible at one time. Butasartis long.whiletlife is short, Satsuma will be known for generations as the home of the porcelain ware, the best in Japan, when the rebellions and wars of its last prince are beard of .only in the ballade of the people. For the ruler of thiB province was not satis fied with the punishment inflicted by the horning of his capital by the English, or the indemnity he had to pay. He pnt his house in order, employed foreigners to drill his troops and to supervise hie arsenal. The Satsuma influence became everywhere power ful in Japan, and when at last the clan rebelled General Saigo, the moBt gallant soldier in the Japanese army, commander in chief in the war with Formosa, " secheaed," and headed the fighting men of the province which gave him birth. It was a bloody war, Saigo was as hard to beat as Lopes in Paraguay, and, like Brutus, died at last by his own hand. Fntnre romancB writers may celebrate his praises in high wrought fiction. " The Last of the Daimios V should be a taking title 60 years hence. Thp only result of this piece of ont- of-the-wa|r history-making to the present traveller is that it faroishes some Bort of historical in terest to a barren coast, and accounts to h certain extent for the lack of cultivation. But it may be that aB the straggly for existence is not yet bo pressing nor so hard as in China, only land around the villages and towns is cultivated. I The calm still lasts, and we still drift northward. If we were not quite sp far to the east, at this rate we might Btand A chance of going ashore at some part of the Corea, last of the closed nations, which refuses to have anything to do with any Europeans, barely tolerating diplomatic intercourse with her old enemies the Japs. Lying bo cIobo together it was hardly possible but that these two jealously guarded neighbours should in the hoarse of centarieshave some cause of dispute. Adja cent nations always quarrel. So the Japp have before this invaded Corea, and! believe got well whipped, although their account doesn't: say so, and the only result is that Japanese larrikins are1 furnished with is Bpecial term of abhse. " Corean with a false heatt" is considered to be a very catting - term. There appears to be an excite ment .amongst Western diplomats in : the'East to have this country " opened.1" ■ Another outlet for Manchester and Con necticut goods iB needed. "The un known, is often taken for . the mag nificent, and) people, out here appear to have persuaded themselves that, there is• something very wonderful inCorea.. Nothing* is known of it, and I have ah idea there is very little to know. There axe no longer any f undiscovered El Dorados for trade.' • A 'typhoon is bad enough, but a dead calm on- a" lee shore, with currents■ setting hither and thither, seems worse.' We drift into the entrance -of tho Gnlf of SimabarA The ship is - beihg' con tinually hauled about, and conning'sei-r manship has to be displayed, to keepv us .off (he shore. Out skipper,.on dedk for 36 hours'in -a pouring rain, most be glad enbngh when morning breaks and he can set'his whereabouts. Just to the northr of new Cape Homo ; round it 20 miles off is Nagasaki. High in the clouds towels the volcano of Simabara. All day long steamers are running backwards and for wards np the gulf from Magi, a little town oh the other side of the penin sular from Nagasaki, All this coast is historical ground to me, gud I trace cat each Spot on the chart. Simabara was the la^t stronghold of the Christians, and in the 17th century, 37,000 were killed at Mogi. Sonde say fugitives were driven Into the crater of the volcano. i These harbours and gulfs of Japan are the belt in the world. One would imagine that there would he a far greater number if native craft on the water. But neither as fisherman nor sailors are the Japs equal to the Chinese. For .two days we lie inthis bay, and hardly see a saiL ;In China we should have * hundreds, if not thonsands. Tfaen-thewf not much, bnt enough, comes at last, and manage to weather CapeNomi, the outline which.! don't think I shall everftuge"** few miles farther op hod we are board* thd pilot/ An American he, whohas cruising about in s native-rigged bhtt.witb crew of fly men, whobear more reehnblan tothe aotomtm iiiandefs than at JsMuese on isirt and fanner w&gWat; medium size, but tall for th«r count pm Tiuae^-wittt thB exception, <*» alkljnt—a '^j^1 ^trip ltojajsuigicptj imd^^^^olonrf down their sail, ascuuad^their boat^yato jmpe^rssd apraad)*!mBd,«^qgjTtbhhibo4- 3 men proceed to-wo-to sleep, three of tbsmj bolb sexes, so opn< w)% NiMM »jj| m <«5j ' A* (If * r< k' i waist by a sash, or left open in front, at the wearer'a convenience. What a distance between these naked savages and the smart yonng gentlemen who, in lacqueered boots and Btore clothes, every detail of their apparel European, made such a display of themselves and their amiability at late international ex hibitions. The suspicion crosses one that there is a good deal of lacqueer about this people. Two Buch extremes as Mr. ——-, my Sydney acquaintance, who made such good speeches on public occasions, and these tattooed boatmen, both belonging to the same city, Nagasaki, imply a good deal of show for the outer world and little decency in hpme life. Someone started the shibboleth, "the French of the East," as applied to the Japs. I am ganging their claims to that title closely. In their boat-building the Japanese follow a different model to that of the Chinese. The latter build squared-bowed, deep waisted craft with high poops and forecastles, the three masts set out of line—the original idea' pf first- clasB seagoing ships, as witness the paintings of English vessels before the time of . the Spanish Armada. When one first sees a fleet of Chinese junks there is no Borprise felt. |They seem perfectly familiar objects. It waB some time before I dis covered that this arose from youthful familiarity with the argosies of the middle ageB, &b; pictorially represented. Chinese junks are exactly on the same lines as those built in mediaeval times, and no doubt were originally in ubo at the date of the Seige of Troy; They are a little old- fashioned now, but still, well-handled, will live through many a typhoon. A Japanese junk is Bmatler, longer, narrower, flat-sided, with a sharp prow, one maBt in the centre, a large square sail, and jibs and spankers instead of the three square sails of the Chinese. These are not, the pilot tells me, by any means such good sea-boats, nor are the Japanese such good Bailors aB the.Ohinese. But let ub give the focm'er every credit due to them. They conBtruoted the first ironclad on record. Captain John SariB, who was sent out in command of the Clove by the East India Company, on a trading mission, writes that at Simonoseki "there lay in a dock a junk .of a thousand tons of bmrthen, sheathed alt iotfh iron." As we approach the harbour— which, guarded by a number of islets, is completely land-locked, strongly resembling some of the New Zealand ports—junks ana boats are seen more frequently. The white Bails of. American cloth with the background of green hills remind one Bomewhat of the Mediterranean. The bamboo floats of Bome fishing nets are to be seen. But small boats, with tour to six rowers, contaiu each one or two fishermen, who, with rod and line, whip the water like one does for trout or salmon in Wales or Scotland. They don't seem to catch much, and the rowers, true savages, who appear to go to sleep ou the slightest pro vocation, have the best time of it. When they have to row they stand up, the oars resting on pinB in the boat's sides. Tiiese pinB fit into holes iu the oars, and so they work as on a pivot. This is the general way of rowing in Japan, taken from the Chinese, and founded on Borne theory of justly-applied power which our civilisation does not understand. The hills covered with pine, all the beau ties of cliiaro oscuro strongly defined in the landscape, afford a striking contrast to the fiat plains of China. The white lighthouse on lwo Sima, with the keeper's residence built in European style, with a well iaid-out garden,.might be on the Australian coast; except that through the glasses there is a neatness never seen in things colonial. As we get nearer the shore, sometimes I fancy it resembles Norway, or part of New Caledonia) or the Swiss lakes. To right and to left the remains of old forts are Been, and batteries masked, or where gunB fought en barbette would rake the entrance and make this har bour impregnable. But the guns have been broken and melted np, and grass grows over the earthworks. Nagasaki is perfectly de fenceless except for the ironclads, the expen sive toys of the Japanese Government built by Sir EL J. Heed. From a military point of view, looking at the admirable situation for defensive purposes, one groans at the folly of these people. Little fishing villages come irk view (through the glasses the cross can bi Been rising over numble churches. Oik the. shore, and perched np in nooks in the rocks, are little wooden hutsL shrines of the joes who makes it his business to watch over fishermen and seamen) But the pilot tells me that theCroBS rules in all these villages. The ground and waters around us are historic, and of a history we can takd interest in. This high, conical-shaped, veri dure-covered island, which rises abruptly from the waves, with a sheer precipice at onft end of it wooded to the top, one of the most picturesque epota in the landscape, was, 250 yeara ago, the scene of a great massacre. The last Christians in Japan, nnder the guidance of the Fathers, took refuge Here.' By the bloody-minded Pagans they were driven over the cliffy and to the number of 300, or 3,000-4 the stories differ on this point—were mar) dered. 'Christianity was now stamped out) ZJntallO -years ago. no foreign nor Christian foot was allowed to tread these shores Now' the island' is> need as a picnii ■■ spot, and yonng Europeans, reckless o: ghosts^ get sentimental and "spoon'' on th< i cliff over which these martyrs were driven a; the spedr'e point Pappenburg, as the Dutcl obriBtened the place, > has indeed -tonchini memories around it Why is there no fittinj memorial,-rio cross erected in memory o these martyrs to the -faith, of whom Rom< Should be so proud? I have recounted tbi tradition, as written by the Fathers, anc told' to every traveller. But a differen; version of the story may be gathered fron historical records. - |The cause of the massacre, if one reads thi i ffld records of the Japanese and the Jesuits iisoon discovered. It was not religions fata political and social. The txdseionar teachings offended againBt the traditions of i, ifo among whom filial obedience was hell e the highest virtue. The aeverance o I family rids, "leave father and mother an< ijlow'me,7preached'from the Bible, mas; haveseemea at the i voids of the evil one taprpachingtheikingdom,not of this world dor made &Hukds;, the lathers were bourn w» tapen theaalte ojNhe" social virtues' fe.^apeet whidh thp vassal owed to hi JJ&yrtfo.theeupenority;'of "toe temporal powe princes and emperors." So. according to tbi i —'-i tf t^e <nrot add wise rtler lyeyasu — Tfomiheeled to discussionrii ,'hod -toe fathers -who land« _ Igbt professions .of peaoe am towards:men seemed fo> be bu disturbance, an. lipet> all tbeaocia: empire. The Com lofChristianit Httdaoonahi jf,to.(he;ait .fathers amongs; working l£k i —thSdiS' 'lheytad'ahqt>liedaiootijgfoJty^;itow^) wanted temporal power. We have seen the same thing in the colonies. Their own records admit their intrigues with many of the princes, and the endeavour to make a bold stroke to rule the empire. This caused the edict for the expulsion of all foreigners and the so-called Christian massacres. Will Adams, an Englishman, who was an officer of the court at Yeddo, writing in 1617 to Sir Thomas Smyth, " Governor of the East Indian Company in London," ex plains how a powerful prince, supported by many nobles, made war on the Emperor, encouraged by the " Jesuits and Friars, who made believe he should be favoured with miracles and wonders, but in fyue it proved to the contrary." For Iyeyasu smote the rebels rqpt and branch, and, "hearing of theBe Jesuits and Friars being in the castle with his enemies, and still, from time to time, working against him, commandeth all Romish sort of men to de part out of his country, their churches pulled down and burnt." Another edict decreed that " no stranger merchant shall abide in any of the great cities." The Japanese re cord is that the wise Emperor saw his coun try distracted by internal dissensions and likely to be more bo. He said, " Perish trade, that my country may have the blessings of peace." There was no religious bigotry in this. It was a calm statesmanlike measure that of expelling all foreigners, except the Dutch at Decima and the English, who were confined to two places] of trade. But the establishments of the East India Com pany appear to have quietly " fizzled out" in a few years, the directors not , finding Japan to be by any means the Eldorado they had imagined. The mis sionary movement had now .become alto gether a political one. Encouraged by the Fathers, who did not wish to give up quietly such a field of labour, the local chiefs who bad declared themselves Christians, banded together to the nnmber of 40,000, threatened Nagasaki. No quarter web given ou either sid& Besieged for two monthB in Simabara and Mogi, 37,000 fell by the Bword, and the last o! the rebels were killed at Pappenbnrg. Then the Dutch alone were left on the little island of Decima. The proof of the good policy of Iyeyasu is that since that time, with the exception of a few squabbles between the daimios, for 250 years Japan enjoyed an unbroken peace, an event nnparalieled amongst any of the other nations of the world. Why Bhould we regret the result? I think a monument should bo erected on Pappenburg, recording the death of the last of the rebels who, incited by foreign priests and under the garb of religion, rebelled againBt rightful authority, and whose stamping-out was followed by 250 years peace! Missionaries, and espe cially RomiBh missionaries, will not agree with this, but the facts are historical. Christian martyrs of Pappenburg, I believed in you once! You are now banished to the limbo of kindred frauds of legendary hiBtory. 