GENERAL NEWS. We understand that Dr. Jackson re linquishes his positions of Assistant Colonial Surgeon and Medical Officer at the Mount Gambier Hospital at the end of April, and that his successor will he appointed about the middle of the present month, g The following is the rainfall between 9 a.m. on Thursday and the same hour on Saturday:—Yam Creek, 1*550; Port Vic toria, 0*020 5 Edithburgh, 0*060; Cape Nor thumberland, 0*030; Millicent, 0*020, At the meeting of tlie committee of manage ment of the Royal Agricultural and Horti cultural Society on Friday the secretary re ported that the receipts at the recent show amounted to £335 3s. 6d. against £115 ISs. 6d. in the previous year, and that prizes to the amount of £317 Ss. had been awarded. From the report of the secretary to the Royal Agricultural Society, on Friday, it appears that S3 exhibits have been sent from this colony to the International Wine Exhi bition, to be held at Bordeaux in June next. The exhibits consist of 22 samples of white wine of a light character, 16 of full- bodied white wine, 5 of sweet white wine, 9 of red wine of a light character, 2*2 of full-bodied red nine, 7 of sweet red wine, 1 of bottled ale, and 1 of brandy. Six bottles of each sample have been sent, and more will be for warded, if necessary. Mr. J. Walter Tyas has been appointed Registrar of the Adelaide University. He was chosen out of over sixty applicants. There can be no doubt that Mr. Tyas is well fitted, both by education and experience, to discharge the duties of the office. He was formerly connected with the literary staff of the London Times, but latterly he has been the representative in Adelaide of Renter's Telegram Company. We are informed by Messrs. Healy and Wlielan, the treasurer and secretary of the Irish Land League Fund, that they have re mitted the sum of £160 by the outgoing mail in aid of the above-named fund. It was decided at the meeting of the Royal Agricultural Society on Friday that a box of grapes should be sent to England in the re frigerating chamber of the P. & O. steamer Clyde, .which sails on April 15, and arrange ments are to be made for a report as to their condition on arrival. An enquiry was made by the city coroner on Friday afternoon, March 31, into the cause of the sudden death of E. J. Smith, infant child of John Smith, who died on Friday morning in Angas-strcet. Dr. Jay was sent for, but on Iris arrival the child was dead. There being no suspicious circum stances attending the death, an inquest was not considered necessary. With reference to a paragraph which appeared in the Advertiser on Friday, March 31, relative to the refusal by the Government to grant compensation to officers paid ex clusively out of loans, we understand that as far back as 1SS0 a circular was issued by the late -Government to the effect that officers paid out of loans were not entitled to retiring allowances under the Civil Service Act. On Friday, March .31, a very successful blast was fired at Mr. S. V. Pizey's quarry, near Magill. The quantity of explosives used was 1,000 lbs. of gunpowder, and 159 lbs. of Nobel's blasting gelatine, which displaced 4,000 tons of sandstone. The blast was fired by electricity by Miss Carruthcrs, the filing arrangements being under the superinten dence of Mr. E. Thomson- the agent for Noble's Explosives Company. The annual meeting of the supporters of Union College was held on Friday evening. There was a small attendance. The reports presented showed that the results of the operations carried on in connection with the college during the year had been of a satis factory character, and from the financial statement it appeared that the trustees had invested £3,210 on mortgage, and that they had £140 in hand. The city coroner made enquiries on Friday morning into the circumstances attending the death of Mrs. Seaton's little boy, aged eighteen months, who died in a tent on Government farm, Belair, on Thursday, March 30. The child had been ailing from teething for several days, and the usual domestic remedies were given him, when he got better, but on Thursday morning he was taken worse and died. The coroner censured the parents for not sending for a medical man, but thought an inquest unnecessary, as no doubt teething was the primary cause of death. We have to record the death of -Mr. H. H. Thomas, of Port Adelaide, which occurred at his residence at noon on Friday, March 31. Mr. Thomas had occupied the position _ of manager of tlie Port branch of the Union Bank for ten or twelve years, during which time he has enjoyed the esteem and respect of nearly every business man in Port Adelaide. He did not come to the front in political matters, but he never failed to assist, both pecuniarily and otherwise, any local institu tion or charity that required help. His death. will be chiefly felt by the Port Institute, as he was for years an active member of the committee. A meeting of the committee appointed at Gawler by the public meeting for the pur pose of raising funds to assist the distressed farmers in the purchase of seed wheat was held in the Gawler Institute on Friday after noon, March 31, Mr. G. Loveridge in the chair, Messrs. James Martin, J.PV, andH, E. Bright, jun., were appointed a deputation to join the Adelaide deputation, and wait •upon the Government to endeavour to pro cure their assistance. In the event of no deputation from Adelaide being appointed the resolution passed at the public meeting at Gawler is to be forwarded to the Govern ment. It was also arranged that Messrs. J. Martin, J.P., T. O. Jones, J.P., J. F. Martin, and G. Loveridge should, cauvass the town for subscriptions. Early on Wednesday morning information was received in Salisbury that Mr. William Chivell, a well-known resident of Penfield, was seriously ill and not expected to live, and at midday it was announced that he was dead. From information to hand it appears that he had been about his usual business during the week, and on Wednesday he was in Gawler engaged in various matters. He got home early in the evening and retired to rest. Shortly afterwards he was seized with violent pains which continued till he died, his death occurring on Thursday at noon. Dr. Dawes arrived soon after Mr. Chivell's death, but would not give a burial certificate, and accordingly an inquest was necessary. Mr. Chivell was an old colonist, and very highly respected by all who knew him. We have received a circular respecting a grand intercolonial juvenile industrial exhi bition which is intended to be held m the Garden Palace in Sydney at the close of the present year. The objects of the exhibition are—To stimulate the energies and display the abilities of the rising generation of the colonies; to encourage a spirit of emulation by competition'; to develop the inventive, constructive, and artistic faculties of all, and to gather new ideas from the works of others; to create a taste for the fine ai-ts and orna mental works, which will incite them to occupy their leisure hours in making home attractive with the results of their industry; and to assist the charitable institutions by distributing amongst them the proceeds of the exhibition. Parents, employer^, teachers, and the young of both sexes are invited to co operate in the scheme. At the fortnightly meeting of the Glenelg Corporation held 011 Friday evening, a pass age at arms occurred between Councillor Blair, who occupied the'ehair, and Councillor Nicholson, in consequence of the latter gentleman desiring to propose a motion before the'correspondence and reports had been read, a proceeding which the chairman ruled would he out of order. Councillor Nicholson said it was the custom of the council to allow motions to he made 011 reports as they were read, but Councillor Mail* con tended that all correspondence and reports should be read before being dealt with by motion. Councillor Nicholson thereupon submitted to the.council the propriety of allowing his motion to be made. The chair man pointed out that he Occupied the eliair, whereupon -Councillor Nicholson replied— " Yes ; and the positionhas apparently turned vour head," a remark which Councillor Blair condemned as being undeserved,(and he called upon the councillor to withdraw the expres sion. This Councillor Nicholson at first re fused to do, but on the chairman threatening* to leave the cliair unless the expression were withdrawn, Councillor Nicholson withdrew it, and the chairman's ruling was ultimately agreed to. An interesting gathering took place in the saloon of the Spencers Gulf Steamship Com pany's steamer Flinders, on Friday afternoon, Blarch 31, when, the captain, officers, and crew of that vessel assembled to bid farewell and make a presentation to the chief engineer, Mr. A. "Wliitehill, who, after nearly thirteen years'service in the company, is leaving to start with others an .engineering business in Adelaide. The address, which was read by Captain C. Anderson, was as follows "To Mr. Adam WhitehilL—Dear Sir—We, the • captain, officers, and crew of the steamsliip Flinders, beg of you to accept this small testi monial as a token of our esteem and as a souvenir of your time spent amongst us. We need not say that it is with feelings of regret that we lose you from amongst us, but as you are about to enter into business on your own account, we wish you every success in your new undertaking. Wishing health and happiness to yourself, wife, and family, we remain, &c.;, the captain, officers, and crew' s.s. Minders." Mr. Whitehill responded briefly,'saying that it was with regret he took bis departure from their midst, andhe should never cease to think of the very many happy times spent amongst them. The presentation consisted of a handsome swinging hot-water urn, having engraved upon it, "Presented to A. Whitehill, by captain, officers, and crew s-s. Flinders, Blarch 31,18S2." A meeting of the council of the Zoological and Acclimatization Society was held at the office of the Hon. Henry Scott, BI.L.C., on Friday, Blarch 31. There were present His Honor the Chief Justice, president; Dr. Mayo, and Blr. J. L. Stirling, M.P., vice presidents ; the Hen. It. D. Ross, BI.P., Blessrs. W. J. Blagaxey, F. J. Sanderson, A. Abrahams, George Hamilton, George Boothby, W. West-Erskine, and the hon. secretary, Blr. Ivlineliin. An apology for non- attendance was received from Blr. Samuel Davenport. The president reported to the council that the sub-committee had had an interview that day with the governors uf the Botanic Gardens, who declined to allow the Zoological Society any portion of_ the Botanic reserve. It was decided to appoint a . deputation to wait 011 the Chief Secretary, and request that a site for a zoological garden be -fixed upon by the Govern ment, the deputation to consist of His Honor the Chief Justice, Mr. J. L. Stirling, BI.P., Dr." Blayo, and" Blessrs. Boothby, Hamilton, Murray, Blagarey, and the hon. secretary. A letter was received from Blr. G. W. Hibbert, of near Paradise, asking the council to he allowed to purchase a few of-the American bronze-winged turkeys, lately intro duced by Dr. Mayo for the society. Blr. Hibbert to be informed tbat at present the council is unable to comply with his request. The secretary was instructed to send one hundred pounds to London for a further supply of American turkeys. A meotingto consider the question of th publicans raising the price of colonial beer in the eastern suburbs was held at the Kentish Arms, Kent Town, on Friday evening, Blarch 31\. There were about twenty persons present, and Blr. C. Falbuseh occupied the chair. The chairman, in opening the proceedings, said he did not sec the reason why the publicans should charge Id. a pint for beer drank out side the hotel as well as inside. If one brewer could sell beer £1 a hogshead cheaper than the other brewers, why should the price not be reduced. He thought they would all suffer by the increase. He had heard that there was a bond between the publicans that the first who broke the rule should be liable to a fine of £2-3. He would suggest that they form a committee and bind themselves the same, and be liable to a fine of £23 if they broke an arrangement in the opposite direction. Mr. J. Baker wanted to know the reason of the publicans' action, and considered tbat the brewers should reduce the price of beer £1 a hogshead. He depre cated the brewers' monopoly, and in his opinion the working men were being robbed. Blr. Conclie had spent hundreds of pounds in that house (Kentish. Arms), though he did not do it now, and he, too, wished to know the reason for raising the price of beer—Id. in and id. out of the house. Blr. F. G. Hales suggested that they should write to the press who, he believed, would vindicate their cause. If a gentleman would go to the editors of the papers and lay the matter before them lie thought they would take it up. He had heard complaints from the publicans, who said that in selling beer they were merely drawing for the brewers. Blr. Hales also denounced the brewers'monopoly. (A voice —"They make 250 per cent.") At home a person could get a quart of good stout for 3d. wliich had more nutriment in it than a hogs head of colonial beer. Blr. W. Thomas (who appeared to be very excited)—" You are talking like a fool." The chairman— "I will not have Blr. Hales interrupted." Blr. Thomas — " Certainly not! certainly not I" BIi*. Slow said he had been a beer drinker, and had drunk nothing else. (Laughter.) He thought that the working men would kick against the rise, and sug gested that they might have charged old. a pint 01* 7d. a quart, and not made such strides as Id. and Sd. He would move— "That this meeting strongly objects to the principle of the landlords trying to put this exorbitant price on the beer." Mr. J. Baker seconded. Bl'r. Hales, in supporting the motion, again suggested that some one should write to the press, as those connected with it knew who drank the beer. The motion was then put and carried unanimously, and the meeting broke up. It has already been intimated that the Kapunda Company of Volunteers has been disbanded. The local paper commenting 011 this says:—"We hear with regret that our company of volunteers is about to be dis banded. So far as we can gather the causes that have tended to this result have been as follows. Some months back Captain Ros man's resignation was accepted, he having been relieved from active duties for some time previously, when'of course all the work devolved on Lieutenant Neale, the only other commissioned officer. We believe ail appli cation was made for the appointment of another officer, but this was not complied with, and Lieutenant Neale had un aided to perform both captains and lieutenant's duties, which at times pressed very heavily. As he had not- the necessary time to devote to so close an appli cation to military duties, and his request for assistance had not been complied with, Lieu tenant Neale sent "in his resignation. This we understand led to its being intimated that if he "would continue in the force he would be appointed as captain, and the company s strength might be fully made up by recruits. On consideration, howevpr, Lieutenant Neale decided to adhere to his previously expressed determination, and bis resignation has accord ingly been accepted with expressions of re gret. But in place of appointing other officers the colonel has somewhat strangely deter mined to use this resignation as a means for getting rid of the whole company, which gives some color to the report we previously alluded to, that he is anxious the entire regiment should be located in Adelaide and the imme diate suburbs. It is generally understood that the same post that signified the accep tance of Lieutenant Neale's resignation also brought the intimation that the entire com pany, which numbers about 60 effective mem bers, whose training must have cost the_ Go vernment a very large amount of money, is to be disbanded as soon as the class-firing is completed, thus literally wasting the expen diture referred to. It is not too much to say that this \v ill be felt by many ardent mem bers to be very cavalier treatment—not at all calculated to foster the volunteering spirit that is supposed to contribute so much to the success of a force of this kind. Many of the members have at great sacrifice undergone the preliminary fag work of the service, and just when they anticipated the enjoyment in con nection therewith, they are coolly told they can go. There is in all contracts a mutual agreement, and the men who agree to serve for a given time have a right to expect that, such services-will be availed of for the full period unless the position is forfeited by mis conduct. We cannot help expressing our con viction that Colonel Downes is making a mistake in treating the force in the manner he has done of late. The summary dismissals on the 9th November still ranklein the minds of many; and we notice by the town papers that what appears to be very harsh and un warranted treatment, has also quite recently been meted out to members of the Adelaide Military Band, who have been fined 10s. each for absence from a parade at which it is not usual for the band to attend." We have received Mr. Williams's pocket diary for the current month. The ■ March number of the Australian Journal is to hand. The serial maintains its reputation for excellence. . " Pantheism, the Parent of all Religions,' is the subject of Mr. Sawkins's freethonght lecture at the Albert Hall to-morrow night. There was another large attendance at the Theatre Royal on Friday evening, when "Tambour Major" was repeated with great success. The same opera will be produced to-night and until further notice. It will be seen by advertisement in another column that an Adelaide share register has been established in connection with the Westport Coal Company,- New Zealand. This will enable transactions in shares and the general business of_ the company to be ..attended to at the company's office in Adelaide. .Mr. H. R; Harwood,. the comedian and well-known actor, who is now performing with-the opera troupe at the Theatre Royal is to be tendered. a complimentary bene fit on Wednesday evening next. Mr, Harwood's association with the Australian" stage has extended over twenty- seven years, ancl we learn with regret that he shortly in- " tends to sever his connection with it. During the whole of that long period he has been conspicuous as manager and leading actor in his endeavors to please the public afid deserve their good opinion, and if such commendable efforts are but fitly recognised Mr. Harwood will have a crowded house at the theatre on the night selected for his benefit. The members of the South Australian Bicycle Club had a most enjoyoble run on Friday night. The weather was fine, the air keen and bracing, and there was sufficient moonlight to allow of easy and comfortable riding. Fourteen members mustered at the General Post-Office at about 7.39, and a start was made shortly afterwards, the route to Glen Osmond being taken. The ' Yine Inn was reached after a run of about twenty-five minutes, and a halt was called for refreshments. After a stay of half an hour the party returned to the club training track at Parkside, where the members under Captain Gault went through drill exercise in preparation for the Easter meet. The bicyclists returned to the city shortly before 10 o'clock having thoroughly enjoyed the ride. We have received a copy of the official ; record of the Melbourne Exhibition of 1S30- ! 81, published by the authority of the Com missioners. The work consists of an intro ductory article on exhibitions generally, a sketch of the inception and consummation of the Melbourne Exhibition in particular, a description of the exhibits, the official awards, and a catalogue of the exhibits. It is also embellished with several very fair engravings, giving an external view of the exhibition buildings, with plans of the Carlton Gardens showing the allotment of space, an in terior view of the British Court, and several representations of certificates, prizes, articles exhibited, &c.; The way iii which the report has been got up reflects great credit on Messrs. Mason, Firth, & M'Cutclieon, of Mel bourne, who were entrusted with this duty, and it is a good sample of the class of work that can be turned out by colonial publishing houses. An entertainment was given by members and friends of St. Andrew's Young Men's Mutual Improvement Association in St. Andrew's Hall, Wakefield-street, on Friday evening, March 31. There was a good atten dance, the Rev. E. Rorke occupying the chair. The principal feature of the enter tainment was a short lecture by Mi*. A. W. Dobbie on '' The Phonograph." .The lecturer in a clear popular style, gave an explanation of the laws of sound, so far as concerns their application to the instrument invented by Mr. Edison, of the uses of which practical illustrations were presented. Mr. Dobbie's phonograph is an excellent instrument of its kind, and is constructed with such care and finish in every part that it gives much better results than can possibly be attained by machines of inferior workmanship. The capa bilities which popular imagination ascribe to the phonograph have of bourse never been realised in practice, 'however pos sible they may be in theory, but Mr. Dobbie's instrument really reproduces the original vibrations of. the diaphragm with sufficient accuracy to make the repetition of the words spoken by the operator fairly intelligible to the audience. The lecture was much enjoyed, and Mr. Dobbie received a well-deserved vote of thanks for the amusement and instruction he had given. Several musical selections and recitations, capitally rendered by members and friends of the society, helped to make up a good even ing's entertainment. Oh "Wednesday, March 29, a farewell tea meeting was given at Gawler to the Rev. R. W. Campbell, Wesleyan minister, and was very largely attended. After the tea a meet ing was held, presided oyer by Mi*. Dawkins, the senior circuit steward. A letter was react from Mr. W. F. Wincey, J.P., regretting the illness which prevented him attending, and also that Mr. Campbell's term of office had come to a close. Short addresses were then delivered by Messrs. Bray, junior circuit steward, Kelly, of Onetree Hill, C. Annells, secretary, F. Fowler, Forgie, Jas. Jones, S. Dawkins, J.P., Pederiek Coles, Limb, Bache lor, Congreve, and Lock, who all spoke, in high terms of the rev. gentleman as a man, a preacher, a pastor, and a friend, and re gretted exceedingly that the exigencies of the Methodist itinerancy compelled him to leave, though at the same time admitting the wisdom of that system. An address to the same effect, and handsomely printed on white satin, was then presented by the chairman to Mr. Campbell, accompanied by a few feeling remarks. The Rev. Mr. Campbell replied at length, speaking of the advantages attending the Methodist Church, and attributing anything he had gained in force of character or mental calibre in a great measure to its influences. He then graphically described his conversion, his early duties as a local preacher, his struggles against the temptation to throw up that duty, his triumph and the successful results attending. He said that the three years he had been in their midst had been a time of peace, and that he had found in the Gawler Church many willing heax*ts and hands to assist in the work, and it only remained for him to wish, in the words of the text from which he had preached to them on the last Sabbath, "May the grace of our Lord Jesus Christ and the love of God and the fellowship of the Holy Ghost be with you all, Amen." During the evening the choir, assisted by the congregation, sang several appropriate hymns. 