TflE DECEMBER REVIEWS: TFirst Notice.! In the Nineteenth Centtiry, Mr. J. Wonlfe Flanagan draws a parallel between the con dition of popular feeling which led to the French Revnint.inn and that in Ireland now under the title of 'The Irish Jacobins.' M. Taine says that 'whatever might be the ' great names of Liberty, Equality, Fraternity : under which the revolution marched, it was in essence a translation of properly; in J that consists its inner support, it9 peimanent force, its prime motive, ' and its historic bearing.' . And ' this.' ' is the true meaning and object of Irish agi- [ tation. The recent action of the Government : ' shows that they possess the rarest form of political courage— the courage to acknowledge : past mistakes; but it will take years of strenuous rule to eradicate the evil germs of eighteen months' successful anarchy. ? Sir Bartle Frere, on 'The Scotch Land Ques tion,' takes account of the causes which have r led to the agitation of the Abcrdeenshirc : tenant-farmers. Six years ago a southern [ visitor would have considered these1 last., ; to be as prosperous as their landlords! '??'?' Capital, intelligence, and skill made the best ?' ? ') and the most of all varieties of land, and th'e '-' ' rental paid was very high. The present agri- ,1-] cultural depression is especially felt in the ? high-rented farms, and although the large'- ' agriculturists have been recommended to try * ?*' dairy-farming and strawberry-growing, and .?* other niinor industries^ Sir Bartle Frere ' thinks that their shrewdness will make them .'' see that enlarging rather than decreasing- ' their holdings is the true remedy. And with regard to the attractive arguments that : game preserves and deer forests should be f abolished, and parks and grouse moors ? should be broken up and made to produce food, whatever may have been the argu- : ments in feudal times they are unapplicablo ; ; now, when deer parks, pheasant preserves, and grouse moors have a high commercial value, which wonld be lessened if the' '' land was broken up for oats and tur nips. The successful Australian or China ' merchant ,who spends his thousands on : ' a shooting-box is by no means a loss' or inconvenience to his neighbours. Nor - docs our writer think- that the- northern ; farmer would be bettered by such tenant . ? right as give« -him a share in the. value. Nevertheless, the sentimental arguments are brought forward by the Scotch Land League, and much will depend on the attitude taken by the present Government, which ha3 * ahown itself in the past two years more attentive to the demands of a great majority, : such as the thousands of tenant farmers, than ' to the arguments of a minority, like the few ? hundreds of landowners, jurists, moralists, and political economists. : Dr. Hermann Adler (Delegate Chief Rabbi) answers Goldwin Smith s attacks on Jews and Judaism in a very striking article, called 'Recent Phases of Judseophobia.'' He denies that the objection to mixed marriage is the result of tribal exclusiven'ess ; ' it is essentially a matter of religion. The Jewish ; hope of a Messianic age is one of universal brotherhood.' Dr. Goldwin Smith asserts- ' that it is inherent in the race to shirk honourable labour ; but until the Iratie ? guilds shut them out the Jews were ' numerous in all the handicrafts. Their obser- : vance of the Sabbath is even now a bar t» : journeyman-work ; but all crafts that can be-' carried on at home are followed by Jews, '? although their having been driven for so many generations into money-lending and : trade has had its effect on the hereditary f tendencies of the people In the Talmud we ! see that the Rabbis of old practised handi- - craft. ' This was taught by Rabbi Jochanan, ? ? the shoemaker. This tradition wa3: handed : down, by Jose ben Chalafta, the tanner.:- | The English Professor traces the antipathy ? to the Jews in Germany to the reawakenins of national life. Professor Mommsen, iwhp ' ought to be a higher authority, brands it as a monster, bred of national feeling run wild. : In the case of the Agnostic or Atheist it probably arises from Judaism being5 the archetype of the religious principle he abhors, but the economic cause of the hatred of the bureaucrat on his slender pittance, of the : well-born Junker who disdains industry, and ? of the small trader who, through lack of energy, misses his chance, is en\y of the Jew whose self-denying thrift when young enables him to spend the evening of his life in ease ; and luxury. The Rabbi does not deny thafc the Jewish parvenu is somewhat objectionable, - but the parvenu is objectionable every where and of every race. He thinks the solution of the Jewish question may safely be left to ; the intelligence and good sense of the men of ; light and leading among the great Teutonic ' nation. But it is impossible to speak with equal hopefulness concerning the onti-Jewish agitation which for the last seven months has been raging in Russia. Mr. Goldwin : Smith says, complacently, all these horrors ''? now belong to the past. In Southern and in ? Western Russia burning, pillage, murder, - and outrage of every description have fallen ? on the- unhappy people. Thousands of ' families are enduring the rigours of a ' Russian winter, houseless and penniless. A [ portion of the Russian Press defend their persecutions on the ground that the Jews ply trades injurious to the rest of the population, but nowhere do these people eii'jage more in handicrafts. Russia has its Brassey in the ' Israelite Poliakoff, the well-known railway contractor, and its Titus Salt in the Jew Brodsky, the largest cultivator of the bnet- * root and the largest sugar-refiner. No com munity ever stood in greater need of sympathy and justice than the poor, down trodden, panic-stricken, helpless Jews of Russia. Dr. Charles Mackay writes concerning Boileau and Pope a pleasant, readable article, with most of which we can agree, but we think he does not accord sufficient merit to the ' Ba];e of the Lock,' or to the ' Esuay on Man.' As to Boileau, he often weakened by making into a couplet or several couplets ; the terse and neat maxims of La Rochefou cauld. And in the imitation from Juvenal's tenth satire, which we translate freely from the French of Boileau— Of all creatures that walk on the earth, or that creep That soar in the air. or that swim in the deep, From Peru even to Paris, from Rome to Japan, The fooJishest creature (I'll swear it) is man — this verbosity, this laboured antithesis, is - copied by Dr.' Johnson in his imitation — '. ? ;' 'Let observation with' extensive view . .: : Survey mankind from Chinj. to Peru, . , Remark each anxious toil, each eajer strife, ? And watch the busy scene of crowded life,' &c; i ? ; But Dr. Mackay does not contrast with I. these the perfect couplet in which Dryden ./ expresses his sense of the vanity of human' wishes— ? . . ' t ' Look round the habitable globe, how few ? . . ? Know their own good ; or, knowingit, pursue !'' Sir Rutherford Alcock, on 'Opium and ^ Common Sense,' 'repeats, what: he said in . J 1858, on this vexed subject of the opiuW, ., revenue. . If is easier, to fill the Egyptian ., Bailor the Mansion House with denouncers'/ ' of the opium trade than to grasp all the ,' bearinJRS.of ihe subject, and devise a practical; ; mode of dealing with its diffieilltiea. Until ' we are' prepared to throttle our own drink. ( traffic we cannot think of deranging 'ttie !/' whole administrative economy and habits of ' life, of the. populations of two great Asiatic [empires, respectively containing 406,600,000 , and 250,000,000 of the most mdustrious and \ easily governed people in the world. The . writer, however, hopes that the Indian Go- \ vernment. may by means of licences, passes,: and export duties relieve itself of all direct' , participation in the growing, manufacturing, ^ and selling of the drug. ? , : ;?' ? j Principal Tulloch's address at St. Andrews' ., on 'Dean Stanley as a Spiritual .Teacher \\\ and Theologian' is very beautiful. .''Stanley's :,? pre-eminent mission as an ecclesiastical '. lecturer and theologian was to re-humanize .- sacred truth.' . . . Perhaps 'ya. bringing ?' !dowii theological truth, fromJ the 'inqre/, abstract celestial region where it' had_ 'so l ;' long dwelt he sometimes failed to appreciate | its deeper meaning. The most, conspicuous r illustration of this is his essay on the Creed f of the Early. Christians. There is more in the divine doctrine of the Trinity ; than he makes clear.' /Stanley's is ,': dearly stated in Mr. Webster'B excellent - paper on his 'Influence on/. Religious' / Thought,' in the last Melbourne Review, in I these words—' The Father is God in Nature, '' 8bowhtousin the relations of this wonder ful and beautiful world. The Son is God as manifested in history. Wherever we see heroic courage, truth, purity, and tenderness in human nature there we see Him ; the Holy Ghost is the supremacy o£ conscience— God in our hearts.' This sati3fie3 Mrs. Wab 8ter and the Bishop of Melbourne, bit scarcely satisfies Principal Talloch. Bui; the simplifying and universalizing the idea of the Church ha3 also been Stanley's mission. He was more fascinated by institu tions than by dogmas and ideaa . . . He was a Christian without any of those darker experiences through which Luther, and Augustine, and Bunyan passed. The Absence of spiritual pain i? impressed on his theology. Mr. W. J. Thomas gives another chapter of the 'Gossip of an Old Book worm,' not so interesting as the preceding one. Mr. Charles Milner Gaskell, on the position of the Whigs, says that their glory has departed. There are Conservatives as a force and Radicals as a force, but the Whigs are nowhere nowadays. Social influences are all Conservative, and industrial interests are all BadicaL The Hon. E. Lyulph Stanley, M.P., on 'Industrial Schools and the Home Office,' notes that St.Paul's Industrial School, which is proved to have been shamefully mismanaged, and the children cruelly treated, was very favourably reported in 1873 down to 1880\. This shows that the report of the Home Office Inspector is a very insufficient guar antee for the conduct of a school It has been suggested to throw this duty on the School Board, but though that body may be qualified to examine as to the educational standard of the school, the many other points in which such an establishment differs from ordinary schools demand other inspection. ' If, however, in dustrial schools were put under the Educa tion Department the children would be better taught. We should not have the absurd spectacle of children of eight or nine who are backward for their age getting less schooling than average children through keeping them half their time at so-called work. The four years from twelve to sixteen is sufficient to teach a trade, but up 'to twelve the school attendance should be complete.' On 'Vivisection, its Pains and its Uses,' there are three papers — one by Sir James Paget, one by Professor Owen, and one by Dr. Wilks— all in favour of it. Sir James says that the pain inflicted in even such experiments as he saw done by Magendie was no greater than that caused by any generally permitted sport; and Dr. Wilks says that if the sufferings of a man who made almost superhuman efforts to escape during the Franco-German war afford any criterion for the lower animals they suffer far more from being killed or wounded by hunters than by vivisectors. In the Fortnightly Mr. D. C. Lathbury asserts that some legislation must be made on the subject of 'Atheists in Parliament,' for under present circumstances we only succeed in keeping out the best while letting in the worst. Mr. W. Gifford Palgrave, on 'Kioto,' the city of the Mikados, the ex capital of Japan, gives a valuable chapter on the religious history of that interesting nation. ' Two of the threads of the living robe of the Deity' are in Japan more important than the rest. ' Oldest in time and strongest is Shinto, the first and most vigorous expression of the purely Japanese mind, which alone and undisputed swayed Japan for a thousand years, till its rival power Buddhism entered on the.scene some thirteen centuries ago, and while itself strangely modified by the primal Japanese influence modified that influence still more. To these main strands in the Japanese thread a third, best designated by the vague but convenient phrase ' European civilization,' has recently been superadded, in what degree and to what result is still uncertain. For the present it is an ungraceful incongruity from which we willingly avert our eyes.' .... Shinto is made up of two parts, mythology and precept. The domiaant idea of the first is the correlation if not the abso lute identity of all natural and external forms — man included — with spiritual or divine powers. The precepts are summed up ia reverent conformity to the laws of nature, intense patriotism, and obedience to the Mikado. Buddhism did not reach Japan in its original purity, but in its gorgeous Chinese travesty of pomp and ceremony, hagjology and legend, formula and spell, with the whole Hindu Pantheon in its train. But the central idea of Buddhism, which is antagonistic to Shinto — the inherent depravity of man's nature and his need of supernatural renovation and re demption—remained in full force. Yet for full two centuries Shinto retained its hold on the common people till the Chinese-taught craft invented that strange coalition by which Shinto itself appeared to blend with and merge as Buddhism, and the two systems thus confused gave birth to a monstrous compound that retained whatever was childish and injurious of each, and omitted whatever was beneficial and leasonable. What does the Shinto shrine contain to which so many pilgrims go at Kioto ? Strictly, nay literally, the Invisible; in that resembling the Temple at Jerusalem which astonished Alexander the Great. Superficial travellers say that Shinto has no hold on the Japanese mind, but Mr. Palgrave considers it a strong living power, and for the results of this religion we have only to look upon Japan herself, on the wonderfully high degree of true civilization that she has developed for herself, and on the ready flexibility with which she takes up from other nations what may profit her, not crudely, not unintelligently, but modifying, altering, improving, to suit her own requirements. To the still stronger assertion that Shinto has been completely superseded by Buddhism Mr. Palgrave gives a most emphatic denial. Mr. Hugh S. Tremanheere, on ' Thriftless Thrift,' speaks of the over- large sums paid by the working classes to Burial Clubs, and suggests that the Post-Office Assurance should reduce its minimum from £20 to £5 and encourage the cheaper and safer invest ment. The cost of collecting a penny a week and of managing the funds of Burial Clubs often amounts to 50 per cent, of the income, but the payment ot a small lump sum to Government to secure £5 at death would minimize expenses. Any labouring man of any prudence could have at his command between the ages of 21 and 22 the sum of £1 ISs. Id., which would secure the payment of £5 at death, and which cannot be forfeited for non- payment of sub scriptions. This is somewhat the principle of Mr. Blackley's national insurance, where by by the payment of a small sum before 21 sick-pay and superannuation-pay can be secured ; but Mr. Blackley's scheme, even in its present theoretical shape, does not at present provide any lump sum to be paid at death. ' Disgust,' a dramatic monologue, is a very feeble parody on Mr. Tennyson's ' Despair.' Mr. A. Frisby asks ' Has Conservatism in creased since the hist Reform Bill?'— and answers unhesitatingly in the affirmative. Dr. William Pole, F.R.S., writes on the ' Bergsturz at Elm, in Switzerland.' Land slip or mountain-fall is too feeble a word to express such a catastrophe as the fall of 20,000,000 tons off the side of a mountain down 2,000 feet. The great mass of this was pulverized into fine dust by the force of the fall; it covered a surface of ground one square kilometre— about three-quarters of a square mile— and lay thereon in some places as much as 100 feet deep. The damage was estimated at £50,000, but that does not include the annihilation of the State quarries, which brought in £2,800 a year. Mr. G. J. Romanes, F.R.S., on the ' Scientific Evidence of Organic Evolution,' begins with a brief digest of Darwin's ' Origin of Species,' and briefly sketches the evidence from classification, from structure, from geology, and geographic distribution in favour of organic evolution. Lady Blennerhassett contributes a page of diplomatic history from the correspondence of the Baron de Stael Holstein, better known to the literary world as the hus band of Neckar's only daughter than by his own account. Besides his fortune, which was for these times immense, she brought her husband literary distinction, and, although no beauty, the blooming freshness of twenty. Nearly all her contemporaries thought Madame de Sta«l plain, but every one was won by the expression .of her splendid eyes, and by that indefinable charm which is more lasting than beauty. But, alas ! she had not ' consulted her own heart in this union, and did not respond to her husband's love. 'A Chapter in the Ethics of Pain,' by Mr. Edmund Guruey, notes the difference between the English and Con tinental attitude towards animal suffer ing. No average London cabman would treat his horse as a Neapolitan treats his ; no benevolent English clergyman would resent interference with some children who were plucking a live bird as his Italian confrere did. One writer does not think vivisection in England so cruel as it is on the Con tinent, and he believes that English physio logy, instead of appealing to foreigners to pity it for the restrictions opposed by benevolent public opinion, should take up with spirit its obvious r6le of proving that the best humanity is the best science. 