OLD JACK. f Written for the Queenslander.) THAT poor old beggar has lived too long " th Twould altogether Think of two fine äCÄmt&epiime; of life here dumb past twelve months one with a wife and four little children, and the other the stay of his mother and sisters and Old Jack still left wind with nobody that cares for. him, and 55 that he cares for but that notched old Sof' leant understand it, it's these sort of things that make men sceptics, and question if Pro" idence does really order all things On make Mr Sherwood as we drew near the dilapiiUeil hut where Old Jack was passing At lonely days on earth. The best form oft he old man appeared suddenly round the Mine ; he earned a small tin dish in his large W. t emulous hands, and looked up at us half defiantly, mutter ing some indistinct words Kora moment I felt inclined to endorse Mr Sherwood s opinion, that the old man had lived too K as I marked his tottering gait and the feeble uncertain movements of age. His shaggy was matted on the withered brow, the dim a itchy eyes were sunk in the hollows, and his dress and person were both alike duty and neglected a Was he long in J our employ ' I asked Well no, only about eight or ten years, and he wasn't much good at the best of times He was an old man then and not fit for work, and when he got too feeble to be of any use at a ho seemed to be allowed to stop in the old hut thousand die Of course I set him Tints six years ago now, and he doesn't seem inclined to die yet" The old hut won't hang together much longer , I've had to prop it up and patch it a bit, but it looks like a state " Why did you not send him to the asylum ' Asylum indeed ' Think he's part with that man old dog for all the comforts you could cure me' He is made him need there in the old stable because it is duel than his own hut, or at least he thinks so, which is all one. And tins tin dish he feeds him out of I believe is the only thing he ever wishes " Just then the garden gale was pushed open and a little girl about four years old came running to meet us She had a basket of fruit in one hand and a roll of something in the other "O, papa, I am wanting you everywhere' she said " , "Well May, what do you want with me or I you here now you have found me" asked Mr Sherwood, looking down fondly on his anxious little daughter " Papi, I want a bit of ' baccy' Hs father laughed and said, "Have you taken to smoking aliens, may bunny' And what have you got here a ' " I got a bunch of grapes for Old Jack, and some peaches for Old Jack " said May, diving her rosy fingers into the basket, and two apples for Old Jack, and way down at the bottom and her eyes sparkled some lollies for Old Jackass led gummy one '" ' And what's this" said Mr Sherwood pointing to the last "times your blue button up shut, papa Minim I said I could take it to Jack 'cause you never wear it " Will I am sure ' And I suppose the ' baccy' is for Oil Jack too'" ' Yes papa Papa Old Jack couldn't eat his dinner cause he had no ' baccy,' he said, and he in on to be able to eat the grapes or the lollies without some baccy first " And May's pleading Uno eyes sought his father's Shu goods hand dived into his pocket "Here you are! Run along now and make him eat it " " It seems Old Jack has some one to care for him after all," I remarked "Yes, it's queer now about that child I can t get a w 01 d out of him with any meaning in it, neither can my wife, though she has often t liked him and tried to talk to him, but he will chattel to May as long as she will listen She had quite a menagerie in the stable of 'persons-, bandicoots, and such like Old Jack tends them for hot as care fully as he does his own old dog though he has been heard to call them ' Lottie's A in mint He always calls May 'Lottie I dont know why I didn't half like has been" such friends with him at first, but, bless you the pool oil man is quite harmless, and it must be some pleasure to him to see her bright young face c\ very dry Uaucy hor saving her lollies for that old-but never mind come on It was about half an hour after this that we were startled from a pleasant chat in the house was the cry of "Fire" It was sundown, the day had been hot and dry, and a fire had been left carelessly binning outside, an evening breeze had sprung up, and some of the sparks had found their w as to the loose rubbish near the old stable When the fire was discovered the rickety old building was in flames. The two men who had discovered the fire were trying to enter "Us no use," said Mr Sherwood "You can t do anything but keep an eye on the other building and bring water. The old place want in on th much, fortunately, and there is nothing in it worth burning yourself to save " He stopped suddenly, for there in the midst Of the burning building appeared a bent totter- ing form di cased in a ragged shirt and trousers, and something rolled up in his old brown coat, and folded in his arms close to his bosom There was a moment's horrified silence, then one of the men exclaimed It's Old Jack! He's gone into the fire to saiohiadog'" The entrance to the building was all in flames ; the window was high out of reach; the heat was becoming intense, and the poor witless man did not know which way to turn There rvVf up for a ladder and an axe A crash " V ii?' "'ads, and the flames shot into the "" i,r Sherwood ran to the blazing door was Wn it worth while to risk his life for the poor demented old creature within, who could not possibly have much longer to be of Jack ho called, Jack, come quick 1 22 V c?muQ0 for you now, I will help you." in., i i cul de hack, hugging his pre- cis burden more closely. n"" i you old fool' "show that confounded rung down and wrap your coat round yourself and come through the fire, and I will go to meet on and save you from falling " ,," as? a? "se, and Mr. Sherwood fairly "imped with rage was so in? the axe was brought, and a hole s,2 ''taken in the wall, through which the smoke poured in a cloud, carrot 2 allot MlU be dead by this time; I shire ood ' he must he" a fine." said Mr. dixwi!11V0^t,7'"sald one of wise men as he the s a y s sea told and In "another moment out ft' form of Poor Old Jack was pulled Vtl, i aging to the burden in the old coat star" in iUitror showed him on the ground and «itír«nÍblck',lwlf blinded and suffocated Shavian i i laid a good deal scorched. Mr. öiieniood dragged the old man out of reach coat "11-12 building, and wrenched the the of of the almost lifeless hands Then tiLtt than reeled back as if smitten « 1 ií»2i i hours' add a S»"0«11 escaped his X sinks? 13 There, wrapped in Old SS -u VISIT coat, was his own little darling foiuli..,?3!tlälccp and unhurt She had no doubt bod Van .' pots. and played putting them to lad fell tireless with the long hot day she to. "was asleep herself, and but for Old Jack's flat, VrcW illness " owed her 3 perished in the a, life was the first to discover the fire, »Uzin,?C(l,,tolwo King at once into the local fLbÀ,rldm»-«bethel to sn\ohisdog or John L W ,,\as,,m Cl kiss I said that we are no ,ïh,W waved stripped off his coat and aim' n s around her, taking her in his feeble Hann. a 'son attempting to escape, but the cat nor is Kate'! so fast that escape seemed can It ei ho 990 feet "to building that had first l(tii.»,,\,,illC1,0 Jack's day and May's an 11,1,.. i e aid and soon the score clinic flames an 1 blazed ' mMl so" too scorching flames An "7 stroke and died The poor old J' the w, U,c?tc?l,nci of three. towns but I Ayr two inst discovered him 11 li n, t e, bands bore Old Jack to the house, dc n Unit skill 'and care could do for him was fine 1i,î.ulithï doctor' "who cannot fully f G F ah is only has been too so ei e upon to June thl oV, Vf It " able to ,mn> n c a day or as- a likely less We can do nothing more " Sight and hearing had both left him. In vain did Mrs. Sherwood watch over him for some token of recognition. In vain did May stroke his wrinkled cheek with her soft little hand, and call " Old Jack," and tell him how good he was to carry her out of the fire. He never responded to her voice again. In vain did Mr. Sherwood take the poor old battered hands in his, invoking blessings on his head ; no answer- ing pressure told him he was understood. But the old man's lips were enclosed, and many a random word smote Mr. Sherwood's heart that night. He talked sometimes incessantly, often quite incoherently, but always with a ring of triumph that no one ever heard before. " I saved her, my Lottie I saved her at last ! They said the old man had lived too long ; they were all tired of him ; but I had to wait for Lottie, and she is safe now, and no one can touch her no more. They told me to drop her and save myself-drop my Lottie in the fire I knew it was the devil that said it he wanted to keep her. They told me she was in hell ; but I went in after her and brought her out. Poor old Billy was left in to burn, and I was left behind too, burning burning ; but my Lottie's safe !" "What can he mean, poor old creature?" and Mrs. Sherwood, "it is quite shocking to hear him sometimes." -21 "It is nothing, my dear, but the rambling of a confused brain. The last thing he remembers is the fire, and he feels the pain of the burns he got." "It may be so partly, but I think not altogether. His whim to always call May ' Lottie' had some deeper feeling than idle fancy. I feel sure of that now." The soft purple light of another day was fingering the eastern sky when a woman came to Sherwood's gate, haggard, worn, and travel stained, asking for John Blake. "Do you belong to him?" asked Mr. Sherwood ; he has met with a serious mishap, and is sinking fast." " Yes, sir, I heard about it, and hurried on at once, or I shouldn't have come so early. I want to see him before-" A hollow cough stopped her voice, and Sherwood silently motioned her to follow him, leading the way to the room where Old Jack lay dying. Mrs. Sherwood stood aside, and let the wayfarer take her place at the bedside ; she felt as if she understood it all. The poor woman dropped on her knees, and laid her thin flushed check beside the brown time-worn one on the pillow, clasping his palsied hands iii her own trembling ones. " Father, father, speak to me, tell me you know me ; tell me you have forgiven me," she sobbed. But there was no answer. Jack muttered random words with no meaning for some time, till the old idea came back to him again, and he called for " Lottie." " Father, I am here ; don't you know me I am Lottie come back to you again." Jack took no heed, but rambled on as he had done before, and the woman buried her face in her arms on the bed and sobbed aloud. " She was so good and so pretty, my Lottie was but I lost her one day, and could not find her. They told me she was tired of her poor old father, and had gone to hell ; but I waited and watched till I saw her one day in the fire, and I saved her. The devil thought to make me drop her, but I held her fast and saved her my little Lottie. The woman started to her feet with a bitter cry, and hurried to the door. Mrs. Sherwood laid her hand on her arm: "Stay, she said, " he does not know what he is saying ; he can neither hear nor see, and it is my little girl The saved from the fire." "I cannot bear it," said Lottie; do not detain me ; I shall go mad if I look at him again," And she shook off Mrs. Sherwood's timid, and ran from the room. They buried Old Jack next day in a quiet corner of the cemetery. And there were more people standing round his open grave than had shown him kindness in his lonely life. Little May went to look for him in his old hut as usual, and came back crying when she remain bered that Old Jack was dead, and all her pots burned ; but nothing had been heard or seen of Lottie. Mr. Sherwood fenced the grave with a neat iron railing, and Mrs. Sherwood and May planted flowers round it and visited it often. After a while it came to be said that Old Jack's grave was haunted-that the ghost of Lottie had been seen gliding round it, wringing its hands and weeping bitterly. Mrs. Sherwood took no notice of these rumours at first, but soon perceived that they were quite believed in by all the members of her establishment, not one of whom would venture near the cemetery after nightfall ; so she made a practice of walking there herself every evening, and after some weeks, as she approached the place, she observed a female figure pass swiftly before her. Without a moment's hesitation Mrs. Sherwood followed, till close beside Old Jack's grave she saw the form of Lottie bending over the railing, her hand pressed over her face. Mrs. Sherwood took her quietly by the arm. "Lottie!" she said. The poor woman started violently, and a low cry escaped her lips. "Stay, Lottie ; I have walked here many a time in the hope of meeting you, and now I have found you you must let me help you. Your father saved my dear child from a horrible death, let me save you." " It will soon be over now, Mrs. Sherwood ; I cannot live much longer, and I don't want to. I thought to end my wretched life with my own hands the day I saw him in your house, but those wild words of his kept me back ; I couldn't go to do it after what he said." " Lottie, I will find you a quiet decent home where you may live till you get stronger." The woman shook her head. "That will never be, ma'am." " Well, then, while you live. I do not ask you for the story of your life ; I know it is dark enough and bitter enough. But come away and be done with the past ; we will speak of it no more." I must tell you this, ma'am : my father was an old man when I was born, and my mother died before I can remember. Poor father loved and cared for me as no one else ever did, sent me away to school and worked hard to keep me there and when I came home I thought it dull work to have to keep house for him, and made friends with people that did me no good, and the end of it was that I ran away with a man who promised to marry me and show me the world. He kept the last but not the first part of his promise, said Lottie bitterly. " Then I got reckless altogether. I believe poor father never held up his head again he was so proud of me. When I found I hadn't much longer to live I set out to find him, or his grave if he was dead ; but he never know mc, he never said he forgave me" "Hush, my poor girl ; he never had anything for Lottie but words of love is even my little girl he called Lottie, and loved her for your sake. Come away ; it is getting too late to be out longer." And they went away together, the brave true-hearted woman and the drooping penitent outcast; and there were kind words spoken beneath the starlit skies, and loving counsel given that led the warriors into the paths of forgiveness and peace. Three months afterwards another grave was opened beside Old Jack's. The iron railing was enlarged to enclose them both, and a small stone, tablet signified that the spot was sacred to the memory of John Blake and his daughter Charlotte. i. Tu. It was generally supposed that with the decline in the cultivation of the soil there would be a very large increase in live stock in the United Kingdom. So far, however, this hope has not been realised, notwithstanding the very large increase of the area laid down in permanent pasturage, J. From a series of tables published: in the London Times, it is made to appear that since 1865 sheep have declined in England 25 per cent in Wales, 75 per cent ; Scotland, 64 per cent and Ireland, 326 per cent. Against this decrease in sheep is to be set some increase in cattle, and the only way to balance the two is to estimate the cattle against the sheep. Six sheep are therefore computed as an equivalent to one head of cattle, and upon this basis there appears a total decrease of 3 per cent for the whole of the United Kingdom. Wales and Ireland show a small increase, which, however, leaves the decline in England proper at 7½ per cent, England's importunity is America's opportunity. The latter country appears determined not only to retain, but to greatly extend her present hold on the English meat supply ; and to this end the whole of England and Scotland is being scoured in quest of the very cream of stud cattle and sheep, which are being shipped across the Atlantic weekly in hundreds. But it is not in the most supply of England only that the Americans seem determined to participate. The very best specimens of milch cattle to be found in Great Britain the Channel Islands, and on the Continent are being steadily bought up and shipped to the States in surprising numbers, so that in a very few years the British farmer will have to face an American competition in butter and cheese much more formidable than he has yet experienced. In view of the rapid rate at which the immense areas of hitherto unsettled country in Queensland are being stocked up, the above facts ought to engage the serious attention of our stockowners. 