MY HEART'S DESIRE. BY MRS. LEITH ADAMS. CHAPTER VIH. T.Y UNEXPECTED TilEETIXG. My old uncle, Doctor Neville, left a son to inherit his hard-earned gains, one Percy Daynton Xeville, a voutli who, in past years, by no means succeeded in winning my affections. I am one of those people philosophical enough to try and forget folks who do not please me, and assuredly this cousin of mine had almost faded from my remembrance, when, during tlie spring of my second year's home-service, I received a reminder of his existence in the shape of a most kind and cordial invitation to visit himself and his wife at Ferndene, their home on. the Cornish coast. It appeared that a distant relative had bequeathed this property to my cousin, and with it a fair round sum in hard cash wherewith to keep it up. I was surprised, both at Percy's good fortune and his remembrance of me, but saw no reason why I should not ake advantage of the latter. Leave was easily obtained by one who had had so little, and, in spite of Mrs. Bayues feeling not a little injured at me deserting my post just when the goggle-eyed one had escaped croujj by the "skin of his teeth," I started for ierndene one glorious morning late in April, and reached that delightful snot just as the sun was setting, turning the sky all red and gold, aud making every window in the old house gleam as though illuminated in my honour. 1 found my Cousin Percy grown a fine, stalwart specimen of a country squire. As to his wife, Alice, she was a wife worth any man's claiming. Devoted to her husband, a blind worshipper at the feet of Percy the younger—a blue-eyed brat not two years old, whose one object iu life was, apparently, to clutch at every object, animate and inanimate, thtit came within his reach—pretty, blithe, aud bonuie ; such was Percy Daynton Neville's -wife, and well might he deem himself a lucky fellow. Could anything be more perfectly charming than the oak room at Ferndene ? Deep-mullioned windows, festooned outside with clematis and monthly roses, dark panelled walls, a sea of polished floor containing one scmare island of Turkey carpet; iu each narrow recess on either side of the fireplace rows of book-shelves well filled. Through these delicious windows the stirring of branches, the flutter and song of birds ; further on green, grassy, undulating ground, leading almost down to the sea. Not quite, though ; for a steep rock intervened, and the low diapason of the waves seemed trying to sing the world to sleep. " As you are fond of reading, cousin Duncan," said fair Alice to me the morning after my arrival in their midst, "you can look upon this room as your particular haunt. Baby and I seldom come here of a morning— do we ' Poppuins " This last remark was, I need hardly say, addressed not to me, but to Percy junior, who replied thereto by madly seizing a ringlet that hung upon the speaker's shoulder, and holding on as though for dear life itself. " Its a precious good thing that my wife's hair grows, ] said Percy, who was standing by, " if it didn't 5 our domestic history would be a series of appalling catastrophies. " It should pull mammy's liair if it liked, so it should !" put in Alice, crooning over her darling aud cuddling him closer in her arms. " By _ all means, said Percv laughing. "Let him make bellropes of every tress unon your head if it pleases you, my dear. t$ut about your generous offer of setting apart this room for Duncan's use. You had better give him full warning that occasionally caprice moves us to dine here." " There is nothing so pleasant as a round table dinner," I put in. "It is quite tlie most charming thing in the world for a small party—the absence of angles seems to promote conversation, don't you know." " Quite so," said Alice, with a knowing look at her lord and master; " and we shall very likely dine at this round table to-morrow evening, a small and select party, with no angles. We are going to try and make it a pleasant time tor Cousin Duncan—aren't we, Toddlekins _ Again Alice addressed herself to that ridiculous baby, who appeared to enter into the joke, whatever it was, with ardent zest, clutching at the knot of cherry-coloured ribbon at his mother's throat, and' trying to devour the same. "I do believe," said Percy, touching tlie callow down of his son and heir with a loving hand—I really do believe that every woman is, at heart, a match-maker. Here is this absurd wife of mine plotting against your liberty, Duncan. It's no use frowning at _me, and shaking your head like that, Alice. I know you are. You want to introduce Duncan to the most charming woman in the world." " Well, and why shouldn't ?" cried Alice, pouting; " Why shouldn't I ? — Poppetty Whoppety !" And she hid her face in " Popperty Whoppetty's" fat little neck, the youngster crowing and squealing with delight the while. E [Seeing that my fair cousin was keeping dark some little harmless plot for my advantage, I made no further enquiries as to the "most charming woman in the world," a piece of forbearance for which I was rewarded by a grateful glance from Alice's bright eyes, and a kiss from baby, this last a moist and doubtful blessing. The following evening, after a delicious ramble on the sea-girt rocks below Ferndene (during which I made the acquaintance of some of the most lovely of sea flowers and plants), I returned home only just in time to dress for dinner. On my way upstairs I glanced into the oak room, and there, sure enough, was the round table laid for dinner, and with four, not three, covers. flow pretty the room looked with flowers among the snowy liapery and shining glass upon the table, a tiny wood fire flickering iu the grate, and the windows open so that the clematis and_ roses thrust their pretty blossoms in as if to invite some hand to gather them, and beyond, the lovely rippling water, each little wave tipped with rose-colour, reflected from the rosy sky above. We were soon gathered in a group iu the deep recess of the window—Percy, Ids wife, and myself. "Now, Duncan," said my cousin, "take care of yourself, my friend. You'll lose > our heart to a certainty this evening, if it's your T own to lose. It would need a follow to be case- hardened, indeed, to withstand tlie attractions of our friend, the fair Margaret." I had been looking out to where a strip of sand, left bare by the retreating tide, was rosc-flecked, and so transparent that the shadows of a group of sailors gathered round a boat were rosy too; but at the sound of that name I started and turned. Shakespeare says, "What's in a name?" and then assures us that the rose by any other name would smell as sweet. Be it so ; but still, there's ofttimes magic in a name. Is it not the keynote that may set some melody going ill tiie memory—the "open sesame' that bids some ghosts of things past stir in their grave-clothes, look from their shrouds with sad, regretful eyes, and stalk forth to haunt the saddened miud. Did not the very name of Margaret conjure up before me a woman slender as a reed, possessed of " every grace to grace a gentlewoman"—a woman with a small, sleeli head and eyes of softest brown ; a woman like to whom I had seen none other ; a woman who had trusted me. " Why, man," said Percy, clapping me on the shoulder, " you look as if vou had seen a ghost." What had I seen ? Margaret ! No phantom, but the woman herself in whose strange story I once had borne so strange a part; Margaret—a little paler than I remembered her; but still the same gentle, calm-eyed womanas had bade me farewell in a day that seemed almost a lifetime ago. She was standing on the threshold of the room, her lips apart, her eyes on mine. The next moment Alice ran forward, greeting her warmly. " We did not hear you conie in," she said, leading her friend forward by the hand; but that is no matter so that you are here— and now, Margaret dear, let me introduce you to Dr. McLeod, Percy's cousin, and mine too." I had not yet got over the shock of seeing her. It had been too sudden—too unexpected. She too seemed agitated, but only for a moment. Women will manage to keep their self-possession where we men lose our heads, and are at a loss to find a word ; and after that one instant's hesitation Mrs. Arniyfcage came forward and cordially extended her hand, greeting me as " quite an old friend." Alice looked from one to the other of us in perplexed astonishment. As to Percy, he so far forgot his manners as to give utterance to a low whistle of amazement. "So you know each other already?" said his wife at last, recovering herself. " Why, how stupid of me not to remember you had both teen in India." It was impossible to help laughing at this peculiarly British way of smoothing over the situation, and the laugh did us all good. "I am very glad to meet Dr. McLeod again," said our guest. "And 1 to meet Mrs. Armytage," I answered, having by this time recovered my savoir faire, though still feeling a little as if I were in a dream. How strange it seemed to hear her voice— to watch the face that had never faded from my memoiy, and always seemed the fairest picture the eyes of my mind could re?i upon. She was but little changed, as Ifound when I had time to observe her furtively, yet closely. There was a look of peace about her that had been wanting before, and, as I have said, a slight additional pallor. She was dressed all in black, and nothing broke the sombreness of her costume save a bunch of violets, fresh and dewy, that nestled at her milk-white throat. Once or twice during diimer I saw her touch them with lingering, loving fingers, and a strange thought flashed through my mind. Who was it that used to say he loved the little English violet better than all the flowers of the field? Was it not my first, bast, dearest friend, the man who lay in that lonely grave so far away? Was it not the man whom this fair woman loved passionately, hopelessly, ardently ? 1 looked at the smiling lips, and asked myself, when last they touched my hand whence came their awful chill? And memory answered " From the dead lips of her deal*, dead love. " A silver penny for your thoughts, Cousin Duncan, cried Alice, and at the sound of her merry voice, like ghosts at cock-crow, these sinister phantoms fled back into the shadowy post. " I have left Mabel installed as head-nurse to Uncle Paul this evening," said Mrs. Armytage, presently. " Now, who may Uncle Paul be ?" thought I to myself. (To ho continued.) 