SPORTING NOTES. Br "Newmarket." On Saturday last the curtain felt on the most enjoyable and, at the same time, most successful race meeting ever held in Victoria outside of Flemington. The elements were on their best behaviour, and the day was most enjoyaoie. me snenasooe, pinicaiany In the stand and saddling paddock, was very large, and a number of lames were present. If farther proof of railway mismangement were necessary, it was demonstrated at the Prince's Bridge station, where the utmost'1 confusion prevailed. The department, not- withstanding that they had been fully in- j formed that a great strain would be made on their resources, were totally unable to keep the j line clear, and a terrible scramble for seats and delay occurred. The joarney. which is f wuiuaruy BODonpusDea ID BQOOI OUHH minutes, ooeapted nearly an hour, a period by no meaiwpleasant to those who ware huddled together in the over-crowded carriages, and there was a generally expressed determination ; to avoid the railway as a means of reaching Canlfieid on race days, and to cab it to the j coarse in future. On arrival at the course, TOitors were not kept long in suspense before 1 4he thirteen competitors in the Bardie fcsce . were sent away on their journey, the fevoorite. Sportsman, suffering defeat at the i Stands of Lofdo Oiyde, a useful son of Bonnie i who had his fid! in hcobble early in dfcs raee, and won easUy. Batty brought ' Marry Matwup with a rush at the finish and al ill imiiiiI pint- The extra weight bad its See upon Sportsman, and he appeared to ba fBfel 'Sows before the last hmdte was reached. The Nursery fftrikifp pcodoeed the best! finish of Sis day, lbs Sooth Australian filly Mimhm, who had the services of Yeoman, winning by a hare nose, her victory bring in a mosmxre due to the vigorous and determined riding of Yeoman a. Duenna ran a wonder fl% good little filly, considering that Delu- soa got all the best of the start. Sweet William and Ysletta bring withdrawn, the hoard showed that there were thirty-two wtarterfi-fog the Caulfieiu Cup, a number that feasant bean exeeefad throe times in Die field for the Melboarne Cap, viz., in 18Tb, when rieris won; in Die following year, when Chaster iron, and last year, when (be memor able Zulu was bailed the victor. There was very little time to inspect the condition of the oompetiteMS before they were out. Assyrian retained his position as favourite to the last, though Verdure carried a power of money, the followers of the stable being individually in terested to the extant of small fortunes, while the public consistently backed her both right out and for a place. Fryingpan, too, was well supported, and the friends of Doogaiston put down their money with every confidence in the son of The Marquis. One of the strangest Dungs of all is that the winner, Little Jack, was deserted by the St. Albans party, the followers of the stable going for Mistaken, who Mr. Wilson declared could give his stable companion a stone and a beating over the same distance in private. One would have thought that long experience would have taught an astute trainer like Mr. Wilson that private trials, both as regards time and form, often prove delusive, and that the safest way to gauge a horde's capabilities is by his public running. Yet heehose to desert the little son fid King Cole mid Charade, a horse that, after bring left standing at Die post, completely spread-eagled his field in Geeiong, and pin his forth to Mistaken, who eat up miserably in Die Guineas on the previous Saturday, a per formance that ought to have satisfied Die most enthusiastic believer in the horse that his chanoes for the Cup could not have been a very rosy one. When I saw Little Jack cut down his field so mercilessly in the Winter Handicap at Geeiong, I was satisfied that, although perhaps he might not prove a Derby colt, he was a handicap horse of the first water, and therefore I unhesitatingly plumped for him for the Coalfield Cap, and he quite justified the good opinion I had formed of him, for he was lying about sixth when be made his final run on Verdure, and gradually threading his horses one by one, and taking advantage of an opening on the inside, he finished full of runnirg a half a length in front. Some thick file mare would have won if Sheehan had kept closer to the nils, but as Verdure was running perfectly straight, and was not pulled out, I am of the opinion that the fastest hcrse won, and that chance had nothing to do with the victory. There is an erroneous impression that Sheehan could have palled in and blocked Little Jack, but had he done so, Verdure would have been disqualified like Wollomai was in the V.R C. Spring Handi cap, when Batty pulled in on Strathearn. When the horses were getting into position at Die start for the Cup, Santa Glaus lashed out and kicked Little Jack so severely that Mr. Wilson, who was at the starting post at the time, was on the point of telling Moore to take the horse back to the paddock, when the flag fell, and they were off. Dareb:n was not in it after they had gone about seven furlongs, nor did Assyrian appear to be able to act on the sand, but both Calma and Flying Jib were with Verdure at the home turn. Gudarz was deprived of the services of Hales, through the popular light-weight being unfortunately laid down with his old complaint, asthma, and Mr. Be Mestre was compelled to put a green stable boy on the Yattendon horse, who ran very respectably notwithstanding. Mr. Shollick was rewarded for his disappointment on Edith by winning the Findon Harriers' Vase on the Western District horse, Blackthorn, who fairly romped home. Alhambra fell on his head at the last fence, but quickly recovered himself, though the fall rendered him siiiy, and he ran off the course, but some bystanders succeeded in driving him on again, and he ran second. No one could compliment the rider of Collingwood on the finish he made in the Open Steeple chase, but M'Gkfoan rode a good race on Sailor, and time another Cauifijid steeplechase went to Balkrat, making the fourth successive win for the golden ei:y. Prometheus had no shoes on when be started for the Windsor Handicap, the result being that he made very smalt potatoes of his field, and won easily, though the time was nothing much.. In order not to -let the interest in horse- baring Sag. and to keep the ball rolling, a pleasant Utile meeting wiU be held to day at Kensington Pfirk. Mr. Cox has issued a mesiy seJeete programme, and amongst other events the Kensington Cup will be decided. As the entries in every case are pretty numerous, some good sport may be anticipated. The first race will start at 2 o'clock. Backers of horses in the Melbourne Gap : will be relieved of some of their anxiety by Tuesday next, the 24th October, on which day the se x>nd forfeit of 5 govs, must be declared and paid to the secretary of the V.R.C., A.J.C., or S.A.J.C. before -4 p.m. Those who do apt intend to send their horses to the post will locar the full penalty of 15 sova. if they neglect paying the forfeit in time. While oil the subject, I may as well remind owners that the forfeits for the Maribyrnong Plate, Victoria Derby. Oaks, and Mares Produce Stakes, must be declared and paid before 4 p.m. on the day before the j rare, or nominators will be liable for the j whole stake. Entries were received on Tuesday last for i the Victoria Trotting Meeting to come off on Wednesday, Jst November. Although the ; fields are not strong numerically, the com petttors are so evenly balanced that some | good contests may be looked forward to, the meeting of Wanderer and Brown Hawk being an event which will be particularly interest- i«K . The loyal folks of WiUtamrtown will keep \ high holiday on the Frinee of Wales's Birth- i day, 9th November, when their spring | meeting will he decided. The bill of fore contains six interesting events, and owners and trainees must not forget that entries will be received at Bowea's Australian bote', Melbourne, op to 4 pan., tod finally gloa» at 'i he Steaapacksi hotel, WDliamstown, at 9 put. on Monday next, Die 23rd mat- A meeting of stewards of Die Geeiong Baring Club was held at the Victoria hotri on Monday, when it was determined to bold the next meeting on Thursday and Friday/lst and 2ndSuary, 1S83. Friday was determined on in preference to staturday, in order to give the local people an oppor tunity of witnessing the raeefe, as in the past they have been unable to do so in consequence of Saturday being the principal mart-cf day and also to enable owners and trainers to get home to distant places before Sunday, as the rush to get away in the past with thgjr horses on Saturday night has been very inconvenient to thise at a distance. f Messrs. M'Coiloch, Smart, and Co. (mean- junction with Mr. F. C. Goyder) will hold a sale of raeehorses on the 7th November. Entries will close on Monday, Die 6th. The sale of booths, gates, and other privileges in connection with the V.R.C. Spring Meeting, will be held on Monday next at nooa, at Kirk's Bazaar. As there is every probability of tne meeting being a great success, competition is sure to be keen. It is rumoured that George Fordham, the celebrated English jockey, is on his way to Australia for the benefit of his health, and that he will probably arrive about the same time as Mr. Long, who is a passenger by the Peshawar, which is expected to reacn this port before the Melbourne Cup. The veteran jockey, Joe Carter, who has been oscillating between Victoria and Tas mania for some time past, has returned to Melbourne, and is anxious to obtain employ ment .as a trainer. As Carter has graduated in a good school, and is a steady, trustworthy fellow, he should not be long out of employ ment. The bill introduced into the South Aus tralian Assembly by Mr. Bean, limiting the use of the tot&lis;&ior; to ten days on any racecourse, has been read the first time, and there is every probability that the bill will ultimately be carried. A returned Australian is to be seen on the training ground at Flemington in the morn ings, in the shape of Sir Thomas Elder's filly Roy's Wife, who was bred to English time, and left Adelaide to measure strides with the home cracks, bat she was tried and found wanting, and was packed eff to her native land again. J. O'Neil and Hayes desire to thank Mr. John Madden, sen., and the other gentlemen who contributed to the gift they have received as whippere-in of the Melbourne Hunt Club. Segenhoe revived the hopes of his backers on Tuesday morning by performing a really excellent gallop of one mile and a half, having Lord.Lisg&r; and Brunette for companions, but the pace was just a little too fast for them, and Mr. White's colt perforce finished singularly alone, the gallop pleasing the on lookers immensely. i An interesting story of the maternal in stincts of the horse has been supplied to the Geeiong Advertiser by Mr. J. Wilson, of St. Albans, which states that' shortly after foal ing the other day, a valuable thoroughbred m ure diei at the paddocks attached to the St. Albans stables. Strange to relate, the foal which bad lost its mother was quickly taken care of by a mare in the same paddock, which had had afoal at foot for about & month. The orphan foal appears to be well looked after by its foster parent, and promises to be a well-developed animal. Instances of this description are said by the long-experienced Mr. Wilson to be of very rare occurrence.'' J. Hill arrived daring the week with the South Australian filly Lady Jervois, and has taken quarters at the Racecourse hotel. Williams, who rode The Ghost in the Windsor Handicap, was had up before the stewards and questioned about not getting away with his horses at the start, but after hearing the boy's statement he was allowed to leave. In accordance with the conditions of the V.A.T.C. Great Foal Stakes, Mr. Mitcheii, the breeder of St. Lawrence. the winner, re ceived a cheque for £50 on Monday. Guesswork's career, at least so far as his Derby chances are concerned, was nearly brought to an abrupt termination on the traisinff-cronzid on Tneadav mnrnino I It seems that the colt was brought I oat by himself, ana started from the sheds for an extended gallop for the Derby dis tance, and as he neared the entrance gates the track was blocked by a string ox horses, who were leaving the ground. A collision seemed inevitable, but, thanks to the coolness of Rawliugs, who was riding Guesswork, the colt was only thrown out of his stride, and the gallop was continued, the son of Gang Forward completing the once round in magnificent style in 2min. 29£see., making the fastest time of the season, and were it not for the interference the gallop would have been the beat ever done at Flemington. During the race for the Coalfield Cup, Darebin received an injury to one of his fetlocks through being galloped upon. He was an abssentee from the training ground for a day, but he is now all right again, though he still shows the marks of his injury. £he Melbourne Huut Club held their annual dinner at Scott's hotel last week, when, after the usual toasts were indulged in, a wall-merited presentation was made to the popular master of tfie Melbourne Hounds, in recognition of his long services m the hunting field. The gift consisted of a valuable sliver tea and coffee service, which is sure to be prized by the recipient. Mr. ! Thomas Watson (Tom, you know) the eldest eon of the veteran, received a handsome souvenir for Die able assistance be has on ncre than one occasion rendered in the field in tfco absence of his father. fRL. BAme A! fKa 7 P f XUC iwi OUkUO VA «UO V -X V. events were published on Thursday last. Commotion is allotted the pride of place in the Hoth&m; Handicap, with Sat 51o ; but of the lot I prefer the chances of Gipsy Cooper, Odd Trick, Stockdaie, and Albyn. Dhurring bile, P.G., Basilisk, Lord o' Clyde, and Lady Hampden appear to possess the most favourable chances in the Hurdle Race; and Verdure, Little Jaek. and Sir Garnet all look well in the Coborg Staj&f.; Tip Ballarat people are well repre sented to the Steenlecbee with Left Bower, Great Western, gauor, Clansman, and Hawk, and whichever one is selected to do battle for the honour of the golden ci ty will fee hard to beat. The Wfttzsftiiibooi Baring Club opt yester- day. and derided on the folio#ipit>gx»iuae for the Boxing Day raoep;— Maidew Xtate, of 30 tore.; Hanoieap Hmdte Bace, of 40 ma; Tradesmen's Plate, of 100 aovs. ; Belling Flat Bane, of 30 sovb.; Handicap Trot, of 30 sots.; Selling Pony Bare, of 30 eove. ; and Flying Stakes, of 20 revs. Nominations for Dk Tradesmen's Plate, Hurdle Bare, and Han dicap 1'rot must be in the hands of the secretary by Tuesday, 5th December ; acceptances on the 14th. The anneal meeting has been find for Die 20th and 22nd of ApriL Owners and trainers most not forget that Monday next, 23rd iost», is the day to make retries for the second day's raring to be held at Kensington Park on Monday, 30th Oc tober. Mr. McAllister's pair, Jessie and Obadiah, are due at Flemington to-day. Entries were received on Thursday last for the Bendigo Jockey Club Spring Meeting. I have no: seen the Sandhurst entries, bat three received at the V.R.C. office in Mel bourne are in every way satisfactory, and contain sufficient material to furnish some good eport. While running for the Caulfield Cop, Darebin collided with The Assyrian and knocked him on to one of Dze hurdles at the back of the course, O'Brien, who was riding the Adelaide horse, receiving a slight injury to nis text toot. A similar aeciaent occurred to Norfolk in the Guineas, but luridly S. Davis, who was riding the eon of Stockham aud Fleetwing, escaped unhurt. As there is none too much room cn Die Caulfield course, perhaps it would be as well in future if the hurdles at the turns were taken down after the running of the Hurdle Race. The stakes won at the Victoria Amateur Turf Club's late meeting were promptly paid over on Monday to the successful owners. Mr. W. Branch received a cheque for £690 for Little Jack's win in the Caulfield Cop, Messrs. Robertson and Wagner drew £490 for St. Lawrence's victory in Die Great Foal Stakes. Fryingpan, by his Guineas win, enriched the coffers of the Hon. W. Pearson to the extent of £405, and Quality's second in the Great Foal Stakes added £35 more to the total Mr. |A. Taylor was handed a cheque for £241. being the stake for the Open Steeplechase. Mr. J. R. Cohen, Toorak Handicap, £138 ; second Caulfield Cup, £100. Mr. J. Crozier, Jan.. first Nursery Handicap, £151. Hon. W. B. Rotmseveil, Windsor Handicap. £139 ; second Toorak Handi- : cap, £3. Mr. T. Wilson, First HnnHy ! Race, £136 ; Mr. T. Coffey, Hurdle Race, j £136 ; Mr. M. Griffin, Selling Race, £100 ; Mr. E. Miller, Amateur Challenge Cup and £74. Mr. J. Mitchell, breeder of St. Law rence, winner of Great Foal Stakes, £50. Mr. W. Forrester, third C&uifield; Cup, £50. Mr. H. Barrell, second Caulfield Guineas. £30. Mr. J. Wilson, third Great Foal Stakes, £15 . Mr. G. Glasscock, second Open Steeple chase, £7 ; and second Amateur Challenge Cop, £3 10s. Sir Fhomas Eider, third Caul field Guineas, £10. Mr. T. Nashten, aprood in First Hurdle Race, £3. Mr. H. Jacobs, second In Second Hurdle Race, £3. Mr. D. S. Wallace, second in the Nursery ffflmtinap £3. T. Brown, second in Windsor Handi cap, £3. Total, £3,008. Messrs. Phillips, Martin, and Anderson received the Findon Harriers vases on the course. It mast be very gratifying to the Messrs. Fini&y; to know that out of the five horses bred at the Glenormiston Stud who ran for the Caulfield Cap, two of the number first and second — a circumstance that eannot foil to enhance the value of the Gisnocmiston stocs. Little Jack's running frttth lustre to the repatation of the defunct Panic, as Charade, the dam of Mr. Branch's is by Panic from Puzzle, by Daniel O'Roorke. Those breeders who have hitherto shown their apathy for King Cole will now have to acknowledge Die ability of the son of gmg Tom, when judiciously mated, to beget a racehorse. F rymgpan's victory in Die Guineas intensified the loss the Anar turf sustained by the death of Bethnal Green. When I saw St. Lawrence, pric Y.A.T.C. Sapling Stakes in characterised him as a " inch a raeehors- - has proved deceptiv lion G m mc n f win - thrc T fiile sapp Fiji repre First the ren. i South \ to be ru attracted The uj joined the . I ing with the ? A number : by Mr. H. J improvements I Flemington, L Spencer street R " Wfiat's i f There is this | we used to call | called Sir Garnt many seconds in I owner. Hence i V The Adelaide some form on Flemington, hut has returned to he the jockey Wyman. The Sydney era Donald Nicholson. \ Caulfield last SatarcL arm through a fall wh accident was nnfortuna one, as Nicholson was t in the C&uifield; Cap in i who was laid up. Mr. EL Haines took am of the V.A.T.C. stewards running of The Ghost in i dicap. nod sold the horse the rare to Mr. B. Weeks A After The Drummer had p morning, it was noticed th On examining his fact, ft wi a wire nail had entered th< the frog, which Monaghtn q pn ggttfof the hone to hii b ore ind pooiucea were freely p—i .J"? m expected that the accident will eft renoMty raterfere with his preroratiaB- The following ace the VJkC. sceatehree< —Melbourne Cop: Mulatto, WimTmr Derby: QaeenEficrii Kit Nubbles, Samson Brass, Qniw Oaks: May Queen, Queen Enzafae& Steeplechase: Gazelle, Race: Bed Borer. Coborg Stakes: Hotham Handicap : The Assyrian, Atterii/ Briiadrum, Poilio. Railway Stakes - Yan Yean Stakes: MuByan. AH fcZi marts: BaOfesy, SaUneDa. -"®t 