Out in the Cold. STORY BY A MUSICIAN. It was the last night of the old year, the sky was white with stars, and the air crisp with a frost that had hardened the earth for several days, a keen north-easter was blowing the street lamps awry, as the cruel cold sought out more victims for disease and death. It had been a green Christ mas, but the weather changed rapidly, and the poor and homeless were feeling it bitterly. The angry wiud had pursued a little child who had lost his way for some hours in the wide world of London, until he crouched beneath a lamp in a dull and narrow street, with a vague idea that some warmth might find him where there was light ; hie eyes were red with crying, and his email visas-e wan and pinched. Suddenly, as he sat then. on the hard ground, a piano began to play in a house opposite. The instrument was touched by the hand of an artist ; every note spoke in a low prelude that, gathering strength, grew into a strange and tender melody ; it was full of wild sweetness, born of the impulse of an improvi Eatrice, and when it died away in soft cadences the very air seemed to stand still and listen. The measure exercised a magician's power upon the child, his languor fled, his eyes glittered like the stars above him, a flush stole to his face as he crept nearer and nearer to the rare and eloquent sounds, rapt and enthralled ; presently he was lying on a doorstep in the shadow of a pillar, his eager ears drinking in the music ; evidently he was forgetful of the hunger and cold that had beset him before. The Signora Beatrice ceased to play abruptly, a chance chord had struck a pain like a sharp knife-thrust into her heart, for it brought back a day in her youth to her again. She saw the old garden, with its moss-grown walls, long green alleys, and beds of lavender and roses ; she heard the hum of the bees and the ' coo-coo ' of the pigeons on the roof of her aunt's old farm-house in lovely Brittany, and she, with her half Italian blood leaping in her veins, dreamt dreams of a splendid future, whilst the tones of a beloved voice sank into her soul. He was saying in, his own German tongue — 'But one thing thou needest, my fairest, with that glorious gift that I have happily been able to cultivate for three ; it is courage to speak of sorrow in thy Eong, so thatit can reach all hearts with the pleasure of pain.' 41 1 am not sympathetic enough, my master, is it so V ' ' Thou art young and glad. God keep thee till we meet again, and I am richer and have won the honour I covet for thy dear sake. ' 'It is farewell, then?' ' Farewell, ' he sighed, with a cloud on his handsome face. ' Yes, it must be farewell ; but hearts like ours can never really part; we shall be reunited soon; be true to love and me. ' ' Always true.' The leaves rustled, the birds sang, but there was silence for Beatrice when that voice ceased to speak, and she saw the tall form of her gallant student-lover disappear in the distance. A few letters from him beguiled the time for three years ; then she went to Rome to complete her studies, and the cor respondence was broken ; her own last letters were returned unopened. Herr Ernst Willmer was gone,'no one knew whither, and so the dream of her girlhood ended. Beatrice had nothing to supply the blank in her life but her music ; she and it became one, and all who heard her recognised that deep-soul speech, if they possessed a soul of their own of any proportion. So she became famous. How her mind dwelt on the past to-night ! Every im provisation pictured the old garden ; she breathed the per fume of the lavender, and saw even the faint white mist ihat rose over the distant hills. Twelve years ago ! Twelve lonely weary years between now and that by- gone summer dav and Ernst's farewell .' it never struck her that he might be dead ; her yearning often seemed to bring him near, so near that in another moment he might enter the room and claim her and all the fame that had grown out of her love for htm. Beatrice sat rath the firelight touching her caressingly, a lovely fair woman, with ruddy Italian sunshine in her rich hair, and the deep blue of its sky in her serious eyes ; life, with her art for companion, had raised her above all feminine frivolities, innocent though they be. She was a princess of Nature's moulding, noble and sweet to behold. It ie a thoughtful time for us all, the eve of a new year, when joy and sadness in most lives meet, holding converse as brothers, together for a little space. With Beatrice Aspa the opening year looked dreary enough, for there was no hope in it except that for the glorifying of her art. She had friends or acquaintances in plenty, but none who were close to her spirit, none who would have prized her without her fame, so that there was a void always in her unquiet heart, that even her music could not quite SIR She was a true woman, therefore greatness alone failed to make her happy. ' A discontented mood is on me,' she sighed. ' Oh, for that day when 1 longed for the future that is now mine ! I waB a fool, for I would give all up for sake of the common lot of woman; I could have braved all misery for my dear lost love, to have been ever beside him.' The wind was rising, and went wailing by the house like a disembodied ghost of some buried joy ; the costly hang ings at window and door scarcely kept the increasing cold at bay, the fire burnt low, and with a shiver Signora Beatrice «as recalled to the present to find that it was getting late, and that some important letters she had to write were yet unwritten. ' I must not let myself drift so far away again, ' she said with a sad smile. She rose to go towards her desk when she was arrested by the low, piteous crying of a child. Involuntarily she went to the window and discerned a moving object outside in the semi-gloom. ' Some beggar,' she said, ' but the steps are no refuge. I cannot bear to near that cry, it is dreadful. I'll see who it comes from, and it cannot do harm to send the poor thing into the kitchen for warmth and food. Giovanna's soup must be ready. The tiny wanderer who had thus broken in upon a reverie was Btartledby the opening of the hall door, a stream of light flowing into the street, and a beautiful lady leaning forward to look at him ; his wonted timidity vanished in an instant, and he put his weak little hand into the one out stretched in his direction. ' I wanted to hear the music,' he lisped in broken English. ^WasityouV I think you must be a queen, madame, to play like that.' ' Come here, child,' said the signora quickly, drawing him into the hall ; ' you must be hungry and cold, are you not?' ' Ah, yes. I am lost.' She bent down to examine him with her questioning gaze. Whom did he remind her of ? Whose were those dark eyes, and that fine brow, those firm but delicate lips V ' Where did you come from, my love, and what is your seme ? ' ehe asked huskily. The boy crept within the shelter of her arm as he answered— ' I have forgotton my way back. I went out when they were at the theatre this morning. I am called Ernst Willmer.' The unconscious child nestled his curly head against the | beautiful lady's satin drees. He did not see the sudden. expression, first of incredulity, then of acute pain anil ': jealous anger, in her averted countenance. 'After all these years, and false— false!' With a vigorous effort, Beatrice mastered her voice sufficiently to Bay — ' Who is your father, my little one ? ' She waited breathlessly for the reply. ' I have only my moth'er ; my father is dead. But was it you that made the music, madame? Oh, make some more ! ' Ernst was astonished to feel the lady's arm relax, and, in another moment she was lying on the floor of the windy passage, her silken golden hair covering her blanched face like a veil. New Year's Day was ushered in with a whirlwind of sleet, and the sky was one broad grey expanse, without a gleam of sunshine. Drury Lane may be classic ground, but, though dear to the Londoner, it does not possess much attraction to the foreigner, who, at odds with fortune, seeks to gild hisj poverty with pretty sights and gracious sounds. In a small dim room in a lodging in that locality, a young woman was pacing to and fro in some agitation, the music she held in her hand claiming little of her attention. ' Strange that Signora Aspa, of all people in the world, should restore the boy to me ! I hated her name— all about her. I loved Ernst so well that I could once have killed her.' The door was softly opened at this juncture, and Herr Willmer's wife and widow encountered the blue eyes of whom a dying man had raved, ' sweetest eyes were ever, seen.' 'Madame,' said Beatrice, 'here is your child. It was with difficulty that I discovered you. I trust that my messenger relieved your anxiety early to-day. ' ' Ernst, come here, ' cried Madame Willmer. 'Your wicked boy, to stray away from me ! Madame, I thank you greatly, I need not 6ay that I was alarmed. ' Her manner was unpleasant— almost repellent ; yet sha would have been well-looking if she had smiled frankly. Ernst shrank from her kisses, and grasped Beatrice by the robe convulsively. ' I love this lady best ; she would not beat me. ' ' Bah ! ' Baid his mother with a jarring laugh, ' I have 8 hot temper. I beat him yesterday, and he ran away. ' ' Oh, I would not have stayed away, I love my sister too well for that. I was really lost, mother.' . ' You have another child ? ' murmured Beatrice. ' You are rich in some of God's blessings, dear madame. May I tell you that once, long ago, I knew Ernst— I mean, your husband.' ' I know it ; he first taught you to sing. Oh, I know it.' ' And will you tell me of him F Was he ill long 'r' 'Yes, long,' answered Madame Wilrner, softening a little; 'but aid you not hear him and see him every night he played f' 'How? What do you mean?' II He was kept back from the success which should have attended his genius. My Ernst, my dear husband. Ah, you cannot guess what he was to me. He was always kind.' II 1 can guess,' said Beatrice, her cheek crimsoning, though her throbbing heart repeated — ' He was false, falsa to me ! Yet I would have had him doubly false, and still alive in the world. Ernst— my Ernst — once he was that; nothing can rob me of that memory.' ' Madame, I have said that he was not fortunate ; ha failed in all he undertook, his compositions were nevet accepted, his spirits flagged, and ? ' ' ' How did he live ? Tell me all, I entreat you.' ' He beheld your face every night, when ybu sang, from the orchestra ! ' Beatrice Btared at her in bewilderment, mute anoj despairing. ' Yes, 6ignora,' continued Madame Willmer, 'and yo\t pretended never to recognise the second violin, though ha was almost dying at your feet for years.' ' You are mad !' cried the Italian, vehemently. ' ' ' No ; but he was. When the papers stated that your? marriage had taken place with a great lord, he had a feverj He lodged with my father, also a musician ; I nursed him, and I loved him, and he married me when he grew better, six years ago, but his heart was with you. Dear me, bow £ : hated you then !' She drew her visitor to a couch in the corner on which 4 lovely little girl lay sleeping. 'See here! He called our daughter ?Beatrice,' afteif you, and he worshipped you as if you were a saint. Inevec satisfied him, never; yet I was a good wife.' What was the peace that fell upon Beatrice P Jealousy died in her heart, and the craving of her love was satisfied. She bad neither been forsaken nor forgotten, but circum stances had parted her from the one who had loved her to the last. In all her agony of sorrow there was this drop of balm. Madame Willmer found herself held in a tender embrace', and was rather surprised thereat. ' Let us he good friends, real friends. I loved your husband once, and have wept for him for twelve years.' ' For bo long — 12 years ! ' echoed Madame Willmer. ' That is long ! 1 loved him very much, too ; but 1 ant going to be married again. I do not care to work for my self. I am in the chorus, and am going to marry the first violin on Monday ; M. Vert has saved money.' Beatrice thrust tb.6 young woman from her hastily. ' And yet you were bis wife,'' ehe said— ' Ernst's wife?' ' Ay, what you have wished to be ! ' she sneered. ' Yee, although I did not think myself worthy of him,' murmured the visitor, with love's meekness. Beatrice left the gloom of Old Drury with mingled grief and gladness ; the new year had given her two great gifts— undying faith in her poor dead love, and the care of his two little children, for whom their mother professed but small affection. ' It is right that I should have suffered,' she said. ' I should not have been sympathetic without suffering, and my Ernst and Beatrice will teach me to be humble; their futures are in my care.' It was noticed that Signora Aspa sang more and more splendidly, and that the restlessness of her genius matured into a perfect calm. She was a grand, pure, and motherly woman, whose succour went out to every woe within her cognisance, and whose charmed touch drew the unhappy and etrpggling into the magic circle of success. ' For his sake,' she sighed to herself as she ministered to those in need of love and help. Little Ernst is now a celebrated violinist.— From ' House hold Words.' 