SnEVTVAL OF A SIAN INTO WHOSE BBAIN A BBEECHPIN HAD TASSED. Theke appeared in the rotunda of the Wind sor Hotel, last evening, a gentleman who at tracted no little attention and comment. Not that he was odd in make- up, or eccentric in demeanour, bnt because he bore upon his forehead, the ghastly mark of a miraculous escape from death. Everybody who noticed the long red line, looked a second and third time, and looking, suggested that the man had something interesting in his history. An in quiry at the desk, revealed the fact that he was a New York journalist, the editor of the Gastronomist, and that his name was John J. Kempster. Upon solicitation. Mr. Kempster told a reporter the story of the wound. It occurred while was duck shooting in New Jersey, on the 23rd of September, 1880. Said Mr. Kempster : ' I wandered into the marshes about a mile and a half from the little .village, and finally obtained a good shot at a flock of ducks who were swimming in a shallow slough. I fired, and that was the last I re membered for some time. When I recovered consciousness,! was lying fiat on my back ; the sun beating down on me. Iknewthatlwas wounded, but for many minutes could not im agine where the injury was. Better sense came to me slowly, and with it strength. I felt something trickling down my forehead, and, putting up my hand, touched a thin coating, that proved to be mingled blood and brains. Then I understood that the gun had exploded or discharged itself through the breech, and something had penetrated my forehead. I raised my hand a second time, and felt the smaller end of a breechpin pro truding from my head. I immediately thought all was up, and commenced to make my peace with God in prayer. I grew stronger and more conscious of my condition however, and in the hope of securing medical aid that might save my life, I struggled to my feet. A heaviness, as if my brain cavity was loaded with lead, was all that I suffered. Every thing appeared natural to me ; the trees, the shrubbery, and the marshes, and even the path I had taken, was distinct to my mind. I was even thoughtful enough to take np the broken gun and examine it. The stock was separated from the barrels — imbedded in my brain was the absent breechpin. 'I walked back to the village. It seemed an age before I got there, the invisible weight on my head bending me to the ground. I never rested though, but kept on, with only a vague hope for life encouraging me. When I arrived at the hotel where I was stopping, the people seeing me, fled as if a ghost were approaching through the daylight. When I told the clerk to go for a surgeon, he stood as if palsied. I grew mad, and shouted to him to find a surgeon or I should die,»and then I fell to the floor speechless. I was again un conscious until the operation had been per formed, and the iron pin was taken off my ? brain. It was a bungling piece of work, two country physicians, who knew as much about surgery as *I do of Choctaw, hacking and hewing, and sawipg my head until they had opened it, as you can see, more than two and .a half inches. Then I was put on the train and sent to New York. Until unconscious ness came to my relief again, I was in the most terrible agony, my brain aching as though a thousand daggers were piercing it. I remember being placed in the hospital am bulance; the remarks of bystanders that I could not live ; the jolting noise through the streets; the ringing of the ambulance bell, which sounded like a death-knell to me ; and after that, all was blank. It was several days before I came to, and well I recollect. the first query I made to the doctor : ' Was there any probability that my life would be safe?' Four months afterward I was once more at my desk, grinding away as if my brains were intact.' Where the breechpin entered Mr. Kemp ster's head, there is a space of about half an inch in diameter, where the cuticle touches the brain, and moves with each pulsation of the organ. A cutting of the skin would ex pose the brain. — Denver (Col.) Tribune. 