THE:! VOCCE ; - FROM "TMEi GRAVE.:,,,, c 1 ' ;s,A. TRUE SMALOPOX StORY. - \- (VKUf HUGH ALTKR JEDQAtt AU&N; P.OII,) ' Sitting iu xny cbamhor lonoly, - Musing on tho small-pox scaro, ' Suddonly thoro roao boforo mo , ' ; A vlflioii of appearanco rare. ' , . 1 Sittinc in mv chamber lonolv , Mubo I on this atrango affair . Through tho clouds of fragraooo slowly "WofU'U from my calumot, Roso a ghastly, grim, and wholly . Strango and antiquatod form— Likn a skoloton, with skin on, Wliicb dcliod tho busy worm, An illusion, thought I, Huroly, Must havo gotton hold of mo, ( Tis a freak of fancy, pnroly— And I smiled, but not with gloo ; For thoro stood tho figuro, grimly— ; Grimly frowning down on mo, Thon to myself adapting This illuoiou strango andquoor, I bid tho ghott " Good ovening," Iti tho ufjual form of ohoor ; But ho ouly winked anoyo at mo, Anil gavo a horrid loor. "What's your busiuoss," said I, u thon air, That you seok the haunts of mon, air ? Havo you eomo ss somo dispenser 01 State eeerota from bnlow?1' Thon ho laughed. Tho word "Dis- ponBor"— As it wore a u modeHt quonohor," Scom'd to sot him all aglow, < Know," said ho, 11 thou mortal lowly Thon this figuro gravo aud moioy— ' U|Hm'd wido hiB lautern jaws ; - , " Kt ow that I bavo eomo horo solely, To oxposo your mundane laws— - Your woakand silly lawR, your wholly lind and inoiiiciont laws." Quoth I, " Ghost, you spoak most fairly, f-oldom havo I, vory rarely In our Law Courts or AsBomblios . Hoard of uught bo wiso beforo. I a cynic am, good master, And life's gauimon much deplore." : Spooking thus in sad dejection At tbo luttor rocolluction Of bo much in our Holection That lb rotten at tho core, I asked my ghostly visitor To bo Bo- uowbat oxpliclter. ' " Toll mo," said I, " whnt is it, sir, With which you aro boiling o'or M Yon munt know," said bo,1 "my master, That some littlo whito ago L To 1110 bofel a tuiid disaster— That is, I fell ill, and 00 ; Retired into a big a»o!c rofugo, - , : And what followed I will-show. ! From tho dawn of youth, quito oarly I'd been troubled much with worms, And bad Rpont a fortune nearly, , Buying purgatives atid'tquirtus;— i That was what, Sir, my complaint was, Leaving out tho Latin terms, '.miffi But tho doctors round mo hovarod Quito a week or two, or more ; ' . For my coso it rfttliQi'.bothorcd Their groat yReculpiau lore, Till at lost thoy got to fighting ! O'er my proatrato carcASo aora. i Ono pronounced I bad. phiOnitis,1 ) Which, between, Sir, mo and you, With a human's opigantrium 1 Hath, in scionuo, nought, to do ; Whilst gastro antoritis, . - Said anothor, was my woo. > Thon, to toy groat constoruatioh, J Ono old sciouf.ifio fox— Adding to this fino sensation— ' » Said I'd got tho chickon pox ; ' j An alarming kind of Btatomont,. Which tho 6iuiplo mind quito' shocks. But tbo.y did not stop at " chiokons," (They of mo made M ducks aud drnkop,") Another1' variola" cried, For my face was all iu tiakoj ; — All tho wbiIo I lay a martyr To tboso modical mLtukoa. . . And tlicso /Ksculapinos, worthy,' ; I'lupged mo much with physio'sirobg, With intermittent dosea plugged mo - Through tho days and nights so long ; But thoso worms they ne'or suspected Not a member of tho throug. ZCZH All this timo tbo worms a-working At my vitals wcra most snro. Thon tho dootoro got consulting, ' O'or now romodios for euro ; But my sad fata was eottkd quito; E'or thoir plans thoy c?uld m .ituro. Thon occurred a row moat painful, Tbo legalised quack- among, And tho paopl-?, half dmhFnful, Watched afar tno bit' lo strong, 1.. For tbey, doubting of that small-pox, Thought tbo rogister was wrong, . And it wasn't variola, Nor woro other learuo'd terms To this csso of mino allied, for It wub purely ono of worms, - Which goon to show tho umptinoss Of theso high official forms. < Ending thus in ficcouto droary, ' llis sad tola of trouble soro, This strango visitor, and quoer, he Glided through my chamber door— Glided through tho kanri panols ! Of my little chamber door, V.: 