STORYTELLE R. BAFFLED;' OK, CLARENCE DAWN'S FORTUNES. The Story of a City that is Bead, and of People ujto Live. CHAPTER XII. A HOT NIGHT IN SORUBB OBEEK CITY. As Doctor Fleming had foretold, Clarence Dawn was 60 far ' himself' the next day that he could go down to the bank after breakfast and find the safe as secure as if he had sat up with it all . night. On his return to the house he found tho stableman telling tlie doctor that the mules and ambulanccs had been stolen, ana tnat he and Morgan ha) been trying all tbe morning to find them. Though the doctor was skilful, and one of the most generois men in the world, it must be confessed he had contracted the habit of profanity in his campaigns, and it clung to him. When he learned how he had been robbed he at once ran out of hearing of the ladies, dragging the frightened stableman with him, and he then md there endeavored to ease his mind by a number of hot interjections, and a by no means complimentary opinion of Scrubb Creek City and its officials. He was somewhat calmed down when he heard joyous shouts and laughter in the house, and firmly convincod that the ladies and young Davrn were becoming insane under their troubles, be ran back. Before he entered the house he heard the major's voice, and in an instant he forgot all about the mules and ambu lance. Waiting till the ladies and Clarence Dawn had shaken tbe major's bands and patted his broad shoulders, laughing and weeping the while, the doctor entered the circle and firmly em braced his old friend ; scolding him ot tbe -same time in a way that was more plea sant to hear than any amount of compli iment. 'You are a nice fellow, Harris — a very ?nice fellow — to leave camp in tho way .you did ! Had yon remained away till noon I was going to hove Miss Raymond prefer charges, ana, by Jove ! we would liave court-martialled you without giving you a hearing 1'' ' I have a good excusc, Doctor,' ? laughed the major. 'I lost my horse, and believing — with good reason — that the enemy were between me and camp, I halted and fortified my position till day light.' 'And where is the team?' asked Clarence, ' Jones mu-t have taken it with him,' replied the major. ' The truth is I went on a fool's errand. What is the chance here 1' The doctor told him what he thought about the chance, and keeping back his profanity wiih a great effort he abused the peopleof Scrubb Creek, and announced his purpose to send Morgan back to Fort Hill for troops. ' If Mrs. Palmer will abandon her fur niture, and Dawn will turn that safe over to the enemy,' said the major, ' we can retreat in light marching order with .the aid of such mules and horses as we can pick up.' Mrs. Palmer declared, so anxious was she to get away, that she would hold a special thanksgiving if tbey all got through to the turned bridge with what they bad on their backs at that lime. Clarence Dawn said that be conld, -with the aid of his friends, conceal the safe that night in a deep well immediately back of the bank, when be would be will ing to go on foot. '? And surrender all your claims to the site of Scrubb Creek ?'' asked the major. 'Yes,' responded Clarence I never want to set eyes on it again, not even if it gets to be worth a million.' Alice Palmer and Mary Raymond said they wero quite ready aud willing to undertake the journey on foot ; and Ham, who stood near, shewing a great deal of the whites of his eyes, ' allowed' that he could ' tote' all the ' pervisions' that would be necessary for the march. 'There will be no neceesity, at least, for tbe ladies to wai-,' said the major. ' Weldon is a friend and has a horse, and the stable-keeper has two mules left — sorry enough pupils they are ; so that if it comes to tbo worst, we can push through aud make our base of supplies at the burned bridge in two days.' 'The doctor vowed he must have his ionics ; but whether he got them or not ike was determined to wreak vengeance ?ou rfhe unscrupulons thieves who had -tiaredite lay unlawful hands on the pro perty of Me nation. After much debating it was agrerd to , perfect their arrangements to the best of vtheir ability to-day, aud make an early start on tho morrotv. As the Doctor, Major Harris, and Clarence Dawn were about to go out to look for animals, the ladie?, with re peated injunctions, begged them not to . go ntar any men that looked as if they 'might bo dangerous ; whereat Doctor Fleming laughed and declared that if they wero to follow this advice they 'would not speak to a man in town — every one of whom he believed to be ripe for . the gallows. Tbo three men had not gone tar when tbey met, on the street, a man dressed like a drover and evidently a stranger in the place. The man accosted them with honest bluntness, saying ho had been in formed that they wanted saddle- horses. ?*' And 'Bo we do/' said tho major. Have you any to sell ?' ' Yes, sir,' said the man. Me and my rpard have just brought np a drove of fine 'critters from Texas, a hopin' to sell 'em )har,but thar don't seem to be any de imaud.' ?' Are they all broke Tasked the doc ?tor. ' Yes, sir ; thar aint one of 'em as aint nis gentle as a pet kitten, and they're ^all bruk to harness and the saddle,' said tbc tman. ?' Where are they ? -' Down the crik,, 'bout a mile.' ?' Can't you bripg thorn np here !' , ' Sarlin, if it's a trouble to ride down. When would you like to see 'em ?' ' As soon as you can bring them up. How many have you ?' ' Well, onto fifty,' said the man. He promised to have them at tbe stable behind the Mountain Lion saloon ' at four o'clock,' and he further expressed himself as so anxious to get rid of his horses that he would sell them at a price that would seem like giving them away. ' For,' he said, glancing round to make sure there was no one else within hearing, ' it's my 'pinion that there's some' of the oneriest boss thieves in the country in this very place.' ' And mule-thieves, too, my man,' joined iu the doctor. To make sure that the drover was not himself a horse-thief, they watched him for some time nnd were favorably im pressed by the fact that he did not seem to know any of Feltev's gang, but went on trying to create a market for his stock. The ladies were so delighted and ex cited at the prospect of leaving, that they could talk of nothing else ; and they spent the afternoon debating which of their minor household goods they cou'.d take, and in loooking with and affection on the thing that were to be abandoned. At four, promptly, our friends went over to the stable, in tho rear of the Mountain Lion Saloon, and they found ti e drover on band witb twenty-five horses, from which they might select. They found the animals all tbe man had represented : and after the cus tomary looking into mouths and feeling the joints and testing them under tbe saddle, and haggling about tbe price, all essential features in purchasing a horse, they agreed to take ten for one thousand dollars, which the drover declared was less than they had cost him and his pard. And his 'pard' shook. his head dolefully and swore it was 'givin' ' the critters away. ?' Now,' said the major to the stable keeper, ' I will hold you responsible for these horses till dark. After that, Mr. Dawn, the doctor and his driver with mvself, will help you staud guard.' 'No, Morgan can't remaiu. He must take the best of these horses and return, with all speed, to Fort Hill, carrying a letter from me to tho commandmant.' So promptly did the doctor carry out this resolution that within one hour Morgan was galloping away, on his long ride of seventy miles to the Fort, and his orders were not to rest till he had delivered his message. At supper Clarence Dawn was as cheerful as if he had not been in the valley of death within twenty-four hours. And the major, with a soldier's readiness to forget dangers, became mildly hilar ious ; and whenever he thought he had saidanythingparticularly good helooked over at Mary fiaymoiid for a confirma tion of his belief. Even the doctor forgot his mules ; and Mrs. Palmer's nervousness took a hysterical form that was not at all unpleasant. Alice's beautiful face beamed with smiles; but now and then a cloud passed over it as she saw the- white plaster on her lover's head, that marked the track of the coward's bullet. During the afternoon tho Major aud Clarence succeeded in getting three side-saddles for the ladies, and suitable equipment for themselves. Pack saddles wero found for the other horses, and everything was ready for an early start on the morrow. To gratify the ladies, who were bitterly opposed to having their friends stand guard in the stables, sufficient fodder was provided and the animals were secured iu the yard, back of the house. It was a dark, windy night, and there were but few lights in the houses. There was only one drinking place open, the Mountain Lion,, but neither Jack Felter nor his friends came near it. So there were no drunken shouts, aud the major' remarked to Clarence, about midnight : ' I have not heard a shot to-night ; the outlaws must have left the town.'' Clarence was about to say he hoped so, but was prevented by the sudden entrance of Ham, who looked as if he had just seen a ghost. ' Oh, gemmen ! Come out ! Come out !' he cried. ' Why, what's up, Ham ?' 'Oh, Mistah Dawn, de town am on fiah, an' de flames arecomin' dis way — ' Calling tho doctor to follow, Clarence and the major , ran into the street. There was not a soul in sight. _ An intense glow lit up the sky, and illu minated the surrounding houses. There was a fierce roaring as of mighty water falls and here and there sparks, and light burning particles drifted off on the wind. The air at times was stifling hot; and even as they watched, the conflagration seemed to come nearer and nearer. 'We must get the ladies out I' shouted the major. ' Within twenty minutes the whole town will be on fire.' They ran in and gave the alarm. The horses were quickly saddled and brought to the front. No time to pack or to carry off more than was on their backs. There was no flurry or excitement, even Mrs. Palmer seemed to have recovered from her nervousness. All inouuted aud turned to ride away, but, to their horror, they discovered a wall of fire on every hand. (To be continued.) Great Success — New Skason's Teas. — J. E. Noakes' sixLli shipment has just arrived by the ' Derwent,' See manifest. Can't be beat for quality, flavor, and prior— [AdVT.J Advice to Motheb6 1— Are yon broken in your rest by a sick child Buffering with the pain of cutting teeth ? Go at onee to a chemist and get a bottle of Mns. Winslow's Soothd«j Sybup. It will relievo the poor sufferer im mediately. It iB perfectly harmless and pleas ant to taste, it prodnces natural, quiet sleep, by relieving the child from pain, and the little cherub awakes 'as bright as a button. '. It sothes the child, it softens the gums, allays all nain, relieves wind., regulates the bowels, and Is the best known remedy for dysentery and | 'diarrhoea, whether arising from teething or j other causes, Mrs. 'Winslow's Soothing Syrup ] i8:80ld by 'Medicine dealers everywhere at Is. ] Jd. per bottle. 