CONTINENTAL GOSSIP. (FROM!! OUR CORKr.BPONDEM STELLA.") ' ' " PARIS, March 17. Yesterday being the McGarvie, with a splendid Brisbaneite add to the attractions of the numerous attempts announced for the revival of the ancient glories of the Mid Lent festival, the entire population of this promenade- loving city seemed, literally, to have descended into the streets, together with a legion of visitors brought hither from every room of the compass by the cheap excursion trains that had been organized for the occasion on all the railway lines. Since the downfall of the Empire, of such crowding of the streets had been seen. The people in all the principal thoroughfares were so densely packed that individual movement was impossible. Women and children were literally at times lifted from their feet and drawn slowly on by the slight progres- sion of the mass about them. The washerwomen and Vjarpenters (whose fete day it was), and a great number of other trades and private individuals, had got up chariots full of masks, which had much difficulty in forcing their way through the crowd, which seemed to immensely enjoy this some revival of old times. Queen Victoria, as the telegraph will have told you, passed through France two days since, with Princess Beatrice and the usual suite, en races for Mentone, which exquisite silo the Royal party reached in safety yesterday afternoon. The villa Renfrey, placed by its English owner at the Queen's disposal, is most beautifully situated on the outskirts of the town, and commanding some of the finest outlooks of region of which all the outlooks are superlatively lovely. It is to pass hoped that her Majesty's sojourn in the beautiful emotion which she has selected as the scene of her brief holiday may be productive of all the pleasure and t-nefltsuch a sojourn is so well calculated to afford. The Prince of Wales has returned to England. The (Duke and Duchess of Connaught are here for a few days. The Empress of Austria has left, after nearly a week's stay here incognito, for tho sake of being With her sisters, the ex-Queen of Naples, the Countess of Train (married to a brother of the ex- King), and the business d'Alongon (married to it grandson of Louis Philippe). Her Amazonian Majesty went to Chantilly, Where the Duke d'Aumale had organized a grand hunt in her honour, and enchanted all the distinguished party by her splendid riding, and the impetuous boldness with which she kept at the front, leaping Rivers, hedges, and ditches with as little hesita- tion as though she believed herself to be the possessor of a charmed life, inaccessible to the accidents of the hunting field. Her horses ''she never mounts any others) were sent to Chantilly, whither she was attended by her tailor, who always attends her Majesty and of superintends her toilet for riding. As has been stated, she assumes her riding habit at our the has taken her place in the saddle. She cares nothing for the toilet except 0\. hunting, her preparations for which aroeluborate in the extreme. She wears a mallet, which covers her handsome person from neck to heel is one single under "start; a corset of great flexibility, and specially contrived for horseback ; a riding habit, usually of velvet ; What, and a veil. 'A plain collar and cuffs of the very finest linen complete her attire, with gloves, boots, and an embroidered handkerchief in the little breast-pocket of the riding habit. Those who have seen her collection of habits say that it would be impossible to imagine anything more perfect in the way of tailor- ing. She has a great variety of these garments dark . croon, dark blue, brown, purple, black; some with gold buttons, some with silver ones, some with jewelled once ; Nearly all are of the richest and softest velvet. Though grandmother, her Austrian Majesty is still one of Um lost beautiful women of Europe. Her hair is magni- ' Scent, and forms a sort of diadem which she prefers to any other. V The Countess de France is said to have had or thought she had a chance of becoming Queen of Bavaria. The Eccentric bachelor who possesses, without occupying,, the throne of that country, is passionately fond of' books, and has an especial affection for a certain rose tree, a very rare and beautiful kind, which he often hands with his own Royal hands. Every year he said arose from this bush to some Imperial or Royal lady. JOno year he sent the rose to the younger of the five pillars of the Empress of Austria, and it was once quently supposed that his Bavarian Majesty would follow up this floral demonstration by the offer of his sand. The rose, after being duly admired and carefully kept, died as roses die ; but nothing more was heard from its shy and eccentric sender, and the young Princess gave her heart elsewhere. It is whispered that the famous circus rider. Mademoiselle Elisa, who is in such high favour with the Empress and with the public of Vienna, is also a sister of her Majesty ; a fact which would explain the evident affection and intimacy existing between the latter and the handsome and somewhat haughty equestrian star, Whose private life has never go-, on the slightest occasion for criticism. The ex-Queen Sophie, of Naples,, lives very quietly, with her husband and attendants, In furnished rooms at the Hotel Guillemont, where.' the ex-Royal party occupies the fourth story. They ex-King is poor, not having succeeded in the negociations undertaken with a view to inducing the Italian Government to restore to him the private fortune which rose sequestrated at tho time of the incorporation of the; Kingdom of the Two Sicilies with the new Kingdom of Italy. The Austrian Empress is very active and has made much of her week's stay in this capital. Every morning early, she drove in a closed carriage with her brother-in-law, or one of this aoMemen of her suite, to the Bois de Boulogne, wherever horse was up siting her, and enjoyed a free canteen through that charming appendix of Paris. Thom' she went to Mass, then visited some of the interesting objects and places in which Paris abounds ; received a few visits put in an appearance at any suburban race that happened to be taking place, visited picture exhibi- tions, and dined with her sisters after each busy day. One day, however, "from morn to dewy eve' was entirely and absolutely devoted to shopping, the various Establishments patronized by her Majesty taking care, as usual, to inform the rest of the world of the honour thus done them. She went two or three times to the theatre, and has gone, home by way of Munich, where she spent a day with i her parents. The Russian colony has been busy with a grand memorial service in memory of the late Cedar, followed, next day, by an equally grand Te Deum in honour of the accession of his son. The Russian chapel, with the gilded domes in the Rue Daru, was crowded with Russian grandees and a numerous attendance of sympathisers of various nation abating The reports that have gone the rounds of Ex -pe narrating how the spirit of the assassinated Czar appears every evening in the cathedral at Moscow, are as rife as ever. There seems to be no doubt as to the belief of the people of Moscow in the reality of this appearance, which, is loudly asserted despite the annoyance thus caused,' to the new sovereign and the official denials put forth in regard to the reports. It is asserted that the Metropolitan and a number of the clergy have seen the apparition and declare their belief in its reality. The Metropolitan, it is said on seeing the appearance of the late Emperor- coming into the church, called up his courage, and approached the silent visitor with the intention of questioning was to the motives of His appearing on the Scenes the earthly life ; but the shade of the Emperor, placing its finger on its lip, motioned the right away, and moved on to the foot of one of the great pictures that adorn the cathedral, and knelt there, for some time, in prayer ; passing out of the cathedral as slowly and silently as it had entered, The people of the quarter, who profess the most perfect conviction of the reality of the apparition, me still further confirmed in their belief, by the fact that the Metropolitan, " since he saw the spirit of the Emperor with his own eyes, has the cathedral closed from 5 to 6 p.m., the hour which appears to have been raised by the Imperial ghost for its visit to the Building. Great displeasure has been excited here during the past week by the imprudent greediness of the members of the Legislative Chamber. Not content with having landed a considerable addition to the handsome pay they draw from the moment they are elected, and whether they attend the sittings, of the Chamber or hot, they have now voted that all the railways shall accept a greatly reduced rate of payment for all de- putes, on pain of finding their charters rescinded ! The J Mical party is scandalized at finding that their deputies choose to travel tim class,, at the cost of the public packet; and lookers-on of a!' shades are scan- realized at the rapacity of the Chamber. The outcry against this manner is well nigh universal. " Why -stop at railways?'' are indignantly demanding most of the journals. "Why do not our manufactories laim free entrance to the opera and theatres, free east, and gratuitous board, lodging, and washing?" To throw ridicule on this capacity, one of the morning papers has published the following : " The Paris cab companies have decided upon allowing the members of the Chamber of Deputies to use their vehicles free of charge. The drivers have been instructed to show the utmost politeness to these gentlemen, and will offer them a refreshing beverage during each drive." The " Salvation Army," which has been creating so much disorder and scandal in England, has just sent over a brigade to this city, in the wild hope of getting Parisians to contemplate with gravity anything of a nature to excite an opposite state of mind. As the authorities here would not tolerate for a moment the discreditable " processions " that have been a trouble in the streets of London, the Salvationists have had to confine their operations to an obscure hall they have hired for their meetings. Their first meeting has been so grotesque a failure that it would hardly seem probable there can be many others. The appearance of " The General," with a collar of gold palm leaves marked with an S., of the ancient female beside him, in spectacles, translating the General's words into French with a violent English accent, and a regiment of " young across" in black and red frocks, drawn up behind the pair, seem to have delighted the French audience, who thoroughly enjoyed the absurdity, and rejoiced, in anticipation, on beholding a " soldier " with a cornet, and a "soldier's" with a concertina. The audience amused themselves with repeating every sentence translated by the ancient female, exaggerating her English accent, and bursting with laughter ever any phrase that struck them as specially ridiculous. The pair lost patience -under this novel way of being listened to and the musicians were ordered to strike up a time. This they did with the unexpected effect of setting the whole audience to accompany the said tune with a shuffling and tapping of feet in time with the tune. After a fresh attempt of the General and his trauslalt06S to gain the attention of the audience, and a running commentary of the audience on all they said, a new tune was ordered and this time being a lively one and good for dancing, the whole audience rose to its tect and went of into as much of a dance as could be managed in a room encumbered with seals. The whole of the hall became the scene of a jug of the liveliest description, the people laughing and enjoying the comicality of the affair with all the keen zest and good humour of a Paris crowd. In vain did " the General and his adjutant in petticoats call to the merry and delighted threat; that they " were going to hell, and had better look out before it was too late " the amused crowd danced on until the leaders wisely beat a retreat at the head of their people, apparently convinced that Paris, with its quick sense of the absurd and contempt for the incongruous, would be "too much " for them. Whether the foolish attempt is to be repeated, or whether the '* Salvationists " will seek out some more promising field for the essaying of their peculiar mode of tillage, remains to be been. March 24. The early. snow of the winter now passing away, came down two days ago ; the infliction being intensified by an accompaniment of high wind and abundant hair. " We shall have no fruit this year !'? is being sighed in chorus by gardeners and public. The Duke and Duchess of Connaught are spending a few days here., on their way to Biarritz., to which genial seaside resort the Duchess has been sent by her physicians. While presiding at his dinner-table on Sunday even tug, Victor Hugo received a telegram announcing that the Emperor of Russia had pardoned five of the ten condemned Nihilists in behalf of whom the old poet penned the curious letter to the Czar, recently noticed in this place. The host immediately rose and proposed the following toast :- " I drink to the health of the Czar, who has pardoned five of the condemned to death, and who will pardon the rest." One can hardly help thinking of Alphonso Kurr's famous remark, in reference to the abolition of the death penalty :-" Let messieurs the assassins commence respecting human life!" It is all very well forth Czar to spare the lives of his would-be mur doers; but it would not be amiss for the latter to span the life of the Czar. The rumours of approaching war that have been creating so much uneasiness throughout Europe seem to be subsiding as rapidly as they arose. Ho Power wished-for war; but with the whole Continent ready for war, weighted with the compound waste of standing armies, and each country with some pet longing to be striven for, should fighting break out, it is evident that " peace " may be compromised at any moment. The enormous army of Germany has been counted up too often to need setting forth here; but it may be interesting to note that the German fleet that it! being so steadily called into existence, is already formid- able It comprises 7 ironclad frigates, 5 ironclad corvettes, and 3 corvettes with closed batteries, 10 corvettes with open batteries, the ironclad Arraiuius, 11 ironclad gunboats, (i also boats, 11 gunboats, the ironclad Mars, and a great number of smaller vessels, with torpedoes, guns, and all the newest appliances for taking human life at sea. This now navy has already cost 10 million, sterling and the work of increasing it is going on rapidly. The French and Italian navies are also becoming more and more formidable. It is difficult to see how England would manage to withstand any union of these formidable rivals that might be brought against her. The fate of the Tuileries is decided at last, the Chamber having just voted 50,000 francs for removing the ruins of the historic pile. The work of clearing will not be an easy one the stones being so completely calcined that they crumble under the touch, no that their remaining in situ is a matter of amazement to masons and architects. Special machinery will have to be devised for getting these dangerous stones apart, as they are only kept in place by the morticing which holds them together and it is feared that, when one is removed, the rest may all topple down together, and such of the mouldings, statues, and arabesques as it may be possible to preserve, are to be placed in one of the public museums; those which are in too powder a state to be susceptible of preservation are to be photographed before the process of pulling down is begun. The hatred felt by a certain portion of the public for everything connected with what they have been accustomed to regard as a' religion," has been strangely illustrated by the promenading of a rouglily-droEued individual along the Central Boulevard., car tying aloft a most ignominious picture, ignobly conceived, and coarsely executed, representing Christ on the cross. Many of the passers uttered words of protest at the fellow went on his way, and a gentleman who was passing presently summoned a policeman to put a stop to the scandal, The policeman declining to interfere, a group of gentlemen took possession of the man and his picture, and walked him off to the nearest police office, followed by a Suddenly collected crowd, of whom a portion loudly applauded the capturers, while others as loudly condemned their into) terence. At the police office, the outcry despair declared himself incompetent to interfere with the individual or the caricatures carried. A threat to bring the matter before the Chamber, made by a deputy who happened to be on the spot, at length decided the reluctant functionary to telegraph to the Prefecture of Police explaining the matter, and asking for orders, The affair ended by the man's being taken into custody on a charge of "illegally offering a picture for sale on a public thoroughfare." He went to prison smiling, and assuring all about him that he would be released next morning. On being asked what he would have done if M. Grevy had been thus caricatured instead of Christ, the oj/icicr-eic-jifiij' replied, " Oh, that would have been a very different thing ; I should have had no difficulty in justifying the man's arrest !" Pictures of a very diffcientLind are, just now, the order of the day. Not only are there over a dozen very charming exhibitions by groups of artists among others, the charming exhibitions of lady artists, who contribute some dOO works of art, all respectable, and many of them extremely beautiful but the composition of this year's " salon " is being canvassed with great interest. The jury for this year, elected by the painters themselves, is' made up as follows Constant, Bernier, Bin, flounce, Busson, Burton, Cabanel, Cazin, Cot, Bataille, Duez, Feyen-Poirin, Eranejais. Guillaumot, Guillemot, Ilano team, Ilarpignice, Ileunor, Humbert, Leroux, Lalauno, Lansyer, Laurens, Lavieillc, Lefohie, Lutninaes, Maignau, De Neuville, Paris, Fille, Protaes, Puvis de Chavannes, Rapin, Lony Robert, Fleury, Roll, Ribot, Saint Pierre, Vollon, De Vuillefioy, Von-a list of names not without interest, as showing who they are on whom jure descending the manilas of the Brilliant artists who led the van, some five and twenty years ago. The coming sale is expected to be worthy of its predecessors, and the paintings to be exhibited are being eagerly discussed beforehand. Bonnet will send ? two splendid portraits ; Lobrichon, the painter of babies, will send " A Symphony in white Minor ; " which whimsical title designated the depict- ing, on a perfectly white ground, of a little pink baby contentedly eyeing his toes-an exquisite work already purchased by a wealthy amateur. Moincakrfy'a great picture of " Christ before Herod " will be one of the most striking features of the show. This artist, Hungarian by birth, has just been received by the people of his native town of the Dual Empire in general with an overflowing of compliments, honours, addresses, deputations, processions, which rival the extravagances that have been got up in Paris, in honour of Victor Hugo. The town illuminated on his birthday ; the Imperial Family sent him messages andanUrdor; and if the artist is not fully satisfied with his reception, he must be hard to please. I The saying that " History repeats itself " has rarely been more abundantly justified than in the burning of theatres. Since the horrors caused by the catastrophe at Nice and Vienna have begun to subside, half a-dozen other theatres have taken fire, though happily without any loss of life. The latest of these " narrow escapes" | has just occurred in the Opera Comique of St. Petersburg, which structure, entirely built of wood (1), was burned to the ground last Saturday evening, the whole building becoming a mass of flame in the course of 15 minutes Several officers who were present risked their lives in superintending the getting out of the audience. They managed to prevent panic, and the whole of the audience was got out safely, though opera cloaks and Opera glasses, furs, fans, coats, and hats had to be sacrificed, the people, for the most part, having no more than just the few moments which sufficed to take them out of the fated building. The importance attributed to dress, and the enormous outlay now wasted on this department of social interests, though preached against, lectured against, and made the theme of frequent marital complaint, seems to be in no danger of immediate diminution. This extravagance of toilette dates from the empire, when Madame Drouyn do Lhuys (who was one of the declaration of the Imperial Court was obliged, on returning from Biarritz to the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, to remove a part of the staircase of her husband's residence, in order to get up the enormous boxes containing her dresses. It would have been more simple to take the dresses out of the boxes; but the eccentricity of the other process probably led to its adoption. At that time the ambition of the superior sex was to present the largest circumference and masses of drapery were employed to garnish the vast rotundity of skirts filled out by crinolines. At this time, the ambition of the same half of humanity is to be as slim as possible, with a dawning protuberance under the waist produced by a new form of that insidious prowler, crinoline, that has been seeking for the last six months, to find some way of disarming the hostility which has hitherto met all its cunning attempts to get back into favour. - The new attempt is called crinoline, and consists of an ingenious arrangement of iiiie.eteol springs, intended to produce a hump under the top of the shirt. It would be difficult to imagine anything more ungraceful, more foreign to the natural ? contour of the human form than the appearance tim produced. The place occupied by descriptions of toilettes, in the newspapers most in vogue in Paris, is proportionate with the place occupied by this subject in the minds of its inhabitants Here is a sample She appeared in a translucent nimbus, bathed in the ideal gleams of enchanting apparitions, with her tresses flaked in a golden cloud, traversed by the radiation of jewels smell as we see in the dreamy head of La Valliere. A pink aigrette, a la Dubarry, supported upon her brow the proud coiffure of Marie Antoinette. ?' Her tightly drawn skirt had the snake-like since- sity of Marguerite de Navarre, in ambrosia velvet, traversed by embroideries of Melnsina (lame; it opened over a tablier of lake-satin dotted over with Waltoau roses, with a box of Puraboru roses. A wallet of flowers, a la Marguerite in Faust, hanging politically at her side, infused a touch of innocence amidst all this splendour. A Medici collarette encircled her shoulders. A Bianca Copello necklace clasped her fair throat, Cleopatra's snake, in emeralds, was wound about her arm, worthy of the huntress Diana ; under the cloudy rustling of her petticoats of lace appeared a silken assure stocking, embroidered with silver quivers a la Conargo, and a jewelled satin slipper that an Empress of China might have envied. This beauty, who recalled with the delicate coquetry of Madame Recamier, the delicious softness of Mdlle. Aisso, and the high-born auda- cities of Mdlle. de Montpensier, was proclaimed the queen of the ball." Such being the Olympian enthusiasms called forth by the dresses of the hour, it is not surprising that Sarah Bernhardt's robes and costumes should have had an even greater success than her powers as an actress, and that the ladies of Genoa, bent on passing in review the v order full garments with which she has been on capturing the old city of the Doges, should have induced her, by dint of supplications, to open an exhibition of the same. Her wonderful costume Merveilleuse, for poetical toilettes as Donna Sol and Queen of Spain, the fantastic elegance of the dresses she wears in " iron-grey," and the triumph of dressmaking in which she died at the end of the " Dame aux Camelias, have all been displayed in a hull in German, where, for an entrance fee of one franc, the fair sex of that ancient town have been studying all these triumphant garments, with a view to " getting ideas " therefrom for their own adornment. Description of the fashions of the day is impracticable in words. Every part of the toilet is made up of such artfully combined details, that only the artist who has imagined and combined them could tell of what shaped pieces the dress consists or how they were put together. elaboration is the order of the day; but the general effect of this elaborateness must produce an idea of simplicity, of oneness, of a combina- tion of many things to one and the same end. Very few dresses are now made of only one material ; fine soft woollen goods of self colour are still in vogue, as they can be gathered and bunched as no other material allows of doing ; but the trimmings are of the richest satins, velvets, brooches, and other expensive tissues, giving elegance and costliness to the simpler-looking woollens, which, however, are often dear. There are goods now offered running as high as £5 per yard. The fashionable ladies' tailors, of both sexes, are therefore at no loss how to run up a bill ! Bonnets are very small ; hats are very large and often hideous, affecting a deep spoke over the face, which style is supposed to give, with the help of chemicals, depth and intensity to the eyes that are seen at the far end of these outhouses, Embroideries of the costliest and richest kinds are' employed on all dress surfaces, shoes, stockings, gloves, all coming in for this delicate but expensive adornment. Every style is worn ; provided the waist is squeezed to wasp proportions, and slimness achieved, one may wear what one will. IMIM ADINO NAA IGATION OF THE SUEZ CANAL -A special telegram tutho Ilymmith Daily And may " J bo Liverpool Chamber of Coniinor elm vc recei yards came - inundation from the reign Of lt o stating that with ii vi v, to on a fire to the wish of the leading sumping finns intertwined in the Suez Canal quarantine rural editor up c c pressed by the deputation which must dim Earl Granville on the 27th lohiuHiv, his Lordship has inherited her Majesty's representative in Egypt to state to the Lpvp'mn Government that her Majesty 'bGovurnintnl are not prepared to acquit kid in the possible) iff marriage of Ruth arbitrary and capricious (acts of the International Board of Iii ill is rib have of late ctiUBOd enormous losses to British shipping, that they ran no longer consent that in irresponsible body should have the power or making- unreasonable laws, unit is disturb the wholesaler help of Great Britain, and uselessly impelled by rcumirmnieiitimi with India, that if the powers of (he Int internal Uourd ino founded upon the right wing is 1 ppt possesses to prefer t herself against irmluyous diseases, and as the Egyptian Government is largely represented upon the board, her Majesty's Government must look to the Khedive to take the initiative in remedying the present status of affairs Further, her Majesty's Government expect that the Government of the Khedive will insist, without delay upon the compilation of a sanitary code, that the code should be distributed to all the Governments concerned!, that the board he said be strictly bound by it, and that the Egyptain Government should either through its delegates, or if necessary, through its officers, prevent all infant lions of the spirit of letter of the rules thus drawn up " 