SHANDON BELLS. By WILLIAM BLACK, Author ok " Maclegd of Dare," &c.;, &c.; [Published by special arrangements with the author. All rights reserved.] CHAPTER XXIV.—ALOXE. Next morning the little old gentleman with the dried-up face and the brown wig was standing in the verandah outside the liotel when the Boat of Garry carriage—a large open landau, with a pair of smart-looking greys—drove up to the door, and Fitzgerald came out. Master Willie, who had been taught by John Ross to observe the expres sions of the human face as closely as the colors of paintings and Chelsea cabbage gardens, instantly perceived that his friend and patron of the preceding evening was surprised—more than that, that he seemed to have some misgiving. " This isn't newspaper work I am engaged on at present," said the younger man promptly, as his luggage was being handed up to the coachman on the box. "I am going as a sort of land agent or surveyor, to see whether a house and a shooting down here are all right, before they are offered to a tenant." " Oh, I see," the old gentleman remarked, as he scanned the turn-out. " He won't find fault with the carnage, at all events. A landau is the proper sort of cai'riage for this changeable climate; but heavy, eh, on the hilly roads? They seem a strong pair of beasts, though." " Good-bye," said Fitzgerald, as he shook hands with him. "If ever I have the courage to try the newspapers again, I may make use of the note of introduction you were kind enough to give mc." "It will be an easier experiment than going out to Nebraska for your 100 acres of land, eh ? Don't you think so 7" Then Fitzgerald got into the landau; and when the near horse (whose name he after ward3 discovered to be Wellington) had reared and pranced on the ground for a bit, off went both of them like a bolt from a bow, apparently well accustomed to the weight of this spacious carriage. The morning was fine, though there was a strange luminous opacity in the air—a sort of thin seafog suffused with sunlight—that hung over the woods and hills like a tender bridal veil. The air was soft to the cheeks; the warm wind was from the south. If this were to be banishment, it was banishment to a very beautiful and gracious part of the world. And, indeed, as Fitzgerald lay back in the soft blue-cushioned carriage, he had an uneasy sense that the whole performance was very much like setting a beggar on horseback. He regarded the two white buttons on the brown coat of the coachman ; and wondered whether he could not induce the human being within that garment to be a little more companion able, and les3 elaborately respectful. So he hit on the device of adding a trifle to his Irish accent; and he perceived that, by slow degrees, the coachman, who was_ a good-look ing man of about thirty, permitted a more friendly look to come into his eye3 when answering questions. At last Fitzgerald said to him— "What is your name, now?" "Murtough Dunne, sorr." "But what do they generally call you ?" "Murtough, sorr." " Very well, then, Murtough; you stop the horses for a minute, and I'll get out and come up on the box; for I want you tell me about the country." "As ye plase, sorr." So Fitzgerald got up on the box; but he knew better than to begin on the subject of topography. He praised the look of the greys. Wellington, he discovered, was the showier of the two, and always made a fuss about starting; but Dan was the one for real hard work. Dan had taken the dog-cart sixty miles in one day, over bad country, and was as fresh as paint after it. Dan was his honor's favorite. But indeed, as ap peared from hints continually cropping up in this desultory talk about horses, and car riages, and hay, and shooting parties, and what not—his honor, that is to say, the late owner of the place, seemed to have had a great many favorites, both among the human beings and the animals around him, and to have left behind him a reputation for con stant kindness and consideration. He was quick-tempered, it appeared; but his wrath was over with a word; and there was nothing the people round about would not do to serve him and to please him. " That made it easy for the keeper, then?" said Fitzgerald. "No trampling of nests in the spring—no chasing of leverets by the dogs?" " True for you, sorr," said the coachman. "There was John O'Leary, up at the Knock garven farm, and he had a dog—sure, sir, there never was such a rascal for hunting, and worrying, and schtaling—both bird and baste. What does he do but bring down the dog, wid a string round his neck, and ties him up in the yard, and laves word for his honor to shoot him or drown him as he plased. ' Bedad,' says Mickey " "But who is Mickey?" " Sure the keeper, sorr! ' Bedad,' says he, ' his honor will do neither the one nor the other when he comes home; and wid your lave I'll get rid of the baste my3ilf.'" "And I suppose the gentleman up at Knockgarvan expected a little compensation ?' Fitzgerald said, suspiciously. Murtough grinned, and said nothing. " How much was it ?" " I think it was tree pounds, sorr, his honor gave him, and the cur not worth the sound of a sixpence!" In tins way Fitzgerald managed to obtain a large amount of information about Boat of Garry and its neighborhood; and the long drive—through occasional woods, or along high and stony hill roads, with always the far Atlantic in the south—was rendered cheerful enough. He made it a matter of business to obtain these particulars. He had undertaken a commission as it were, and he tried hard to devote his whole time and thinking to this duty, so that amongst enquiries about the price of oats, and the probable introduction of hay-drying machines, and the different binds of nails for horseshoes, and so forth, other and less immediate things might be definitely shut out and forgotten. Was not this a new and strange experience for him— to be installed as the master of a house that he had never seen ? How would he get on with the other people about? This man seemed civil and honest, and was now rather more friendly, while always preserving a careful respect. And he could report that he, at least, had not been neglectful of his duties; the horses seemed in excellent con dition; the metal of the harness was bril liantly polished; the carriage throughout was as spick and span as it could be—much more so than is at all common with carriages in remote parts of the country where they get rough and constant usage. By-and-by, however, the sunlight seemed to withdraw itself from the thin mist; it grew darker a little ; then the moisture in the air was felt in points; at last a fine rain began to fall. " Will your honor be for going inside now?" Murtougli asked. "Ob, no," was the answer. "But I will hold the reins while you close the carriage. I know the south of Ireland. Besides, I have a waterproof." And very soon he had to put on that water proof, for the soft small rain now fell steadily and the outlines of the hills and the reaches of the lake were blurred over or altogether in visible, and the skies were growing dark. Murtough had a waterproof also; but he did not seem to think this rain sufficient to injure his livery. So the pair of greys trotted on monotonously, or splashed through puddles ; and the rain fell more slightly or more closely as the clouds came drifting over from the hills ; and all the time Fitzgerald was in teresting himself in particulars about the Boat of Garry household or asking the name of this or that feature in the ever changing and widening and dripping landscape. At length there was a sharp dip down from the high road, and they passed through an avenue of trees. Here the landau dragged heavily through the mud, and there was a pattering of big rain drops from the branches. Then they swung into the open again, passed through an open iron gate, drove briskly along a pathway of wet gravel, and drew up at the door of the house of which Fitzgerald was to be the temporary master. It was a plain, square, two-storied building, with a porch of wood and glass. The shrub bery around and the bit of lawn looked trim and well cared for; there was no sign of neg lect about the place. And when, leaving his dripping waterproof in the porch, he walked into the hall, and then into the dining room (where there was a fire, despite the fact that the weather had been unusually warm, even for the first week in June), everything around seemed neat and clean and well looked after. There was not the slightest air of neg lect about the place; on the contrary one would have expected a trim house- mistress to make her appearance to welcome the visitor. There were preparations for luncheon on the table. There was a pair of slippers on the fender. Beside the easy chair at the corner of the fireplace stood a smaller table, on which some books and old magazines were methodi cally arranged. "I beg your pardon, sir," some one said at the door. The voice sent the blood to his heart—it was so like another voice that he now re garded as being beyond the grave. He turned quickly. But this person was merely a quiet looking, rather pretty young woman of about six or eight-and- twenty, whose black hair and blue eyes made him conclude she was Irish. But then he recollected. Was not this the English maid whom her fellow-servants, according to Mrs. Chetwynd, had considered to have made such a frightful misalliance in marrying the good- natured Irish coachman? " I beg your pardon, sir," said she, in very pretty English, "I was having your things taken upstairs. Would you please to have luncheon now?" " Oh, yes," he said, " any time. I am in no hurry." "1 hope you will find everything to your satisfaction, sir " "Oh, I am sure of that. I am not par ticular." "If you would be so kind as to tell me anything you would like different, we could get it. We have had two letters from Mrs. Chetwynd, sir; and Mr. McGee has been here several times. I hope you will be com fortable, sir." " Oh, no doubt, no doubt. You are Mrs. — Mlrs. Dunne, I suppose?" " Yes, sir. My husband said this morning he thought it would rain ; and so I had the fire lit in case you might have some things damp." " Oh, thank you, but I don't think there will be any need to keep up the fire, in this warm weather." "Thank you, sir," said she, and withdrew. He went to the window. It was a pretty place, despite the wet. It was so quiet and still that you could not well tell whether the continuous '' sh—sh—sh" outside was the falling of rain or the murmur of the brooklet that, splashed along unseen behind the bushes : at the foot of the lawn, The rain, too, had ! made everything look even more richly green than it normally is at this time of the year— from the luxuriant rhododendrons, whose glossy star-like leaves were all shining wet, to the belt of trees, maple and chesnut, and ash, that made a circle round the place. But through these trees there were spacious open ings ; and through some you looked in one direction over broad meadows and one or two patches of wood, while in another direction a broad pale silver streak between the foliage showed where the shallow waters of a creek came up from Bantry Bay. And always, in thi3 loneliness, wa3 the murmur of the rain, rising a little as the wind stirred in the branches, and then again subsiding into a sort of semi-silence, in which one could hear the sharp twittering of birds or the lowing of kine at some distant farm. Again there was a knock at the door, and he started. He wished this woman's voice had not that peculiar tone in it. He wished she had the croak of a raven. Was it not enough that this soft veil of rain was but as a screen that seemed to hide behind it the fancies and visions and pictures of other days ? That is the saddest thing about rain"; it makes the landscape look far away; it in vites the imagination ; the world looks vague —just as the ghost of a woman's face may look, if you think of it, through tears. " Come in," said he, sharply. It was Mrs. Dunne, and there was an older woman visible—bringing some things to a table in the hall. He turned to the window again. Presently that pretty, startling voice said— " Luncheon is served, sir." " Thank you," said lie, thinking she would go. She remained, however, standing behind the empty chair. He went and took his seat. " I beg your pardon, sir," she said, "but will you have champagne or claret? I have not opened the bottle yet. Mr. Frank had sometimes the one and sometimes the other." At this Fitzgerald blushed, like a school- I boy. How could he explain to her that he was not Mr. Frank, that he was much more of a fellow servant with herself? It was clear that these instructions from Mrs. Chet- j wynd and from Mr. McGee were putting him into an altogether false position. " But I am not at all used to such luxury, Mrs. Dunne," said he, good- naturedly. " Is there any beer in the house V " Oh, yes, sir, I will fetch some. And they call me Kate, sir." When she returned with the ale, and put it on the table, he said (without looking up)— " Thank you, Mrs—Mrs. Dunne—that is, if you don't mind—if it is the same to you— to have that name, from a stranger, you know. And I would not trouble you to wait. I am sure there is everything here. If I want anything, I will ring." " Thank you, six-," said she, with the same pretty politeness, and then she stirred the fire, and left the room. As he sat, moodily and dreamily, at this far too copious banquet, it seemed to him—or perhaps it was only a bit of sarcastic phantasy that he played with—that women were by nature really kind, and thoughtful, and con siderate, as long as you had nothing to do with their affections, when they were as the tigers that slay. Think of Mrs. Chetwynd's solicitude about his welfare, her x'epeated in junctions ; the pi-oof3 being visible on the table here, at this ordinary mid-day meal. He, as well as any, and better than most, knew with what trouble or even difficulty many of these things must have been pro cured at a remote country house in the south of Ireland. Think of the anxious kindness of this poor creature who would have him consider himself quite as much at home as Mr. Frank. Kitty, even, when her heart had gone away from him, when her eyes were smiling only to deceive him and get i'id of him, she must needs i-ob herself of half her night's rest for the purpose of cook ing, and come rushing and panting to the station with the salad that her own hands had dressed. That was the mission of women, then ? There they found themselves at home, were natural and trustworthy ? There) they were truest to themselves! It was an odd theory—but he left the food before him almost untouched and went to the easy chair and lit a pipe, but soon dropped that on the floor and went fast asleep, for he had not closed his eyes the whole of the previous night. He was awakened by Kitty's voice (as he thought in his dreams) and he sprang to his feet with his face white. "Oh, I beg your pardon, sir," said the English maidservant, about to withdraw. " No, no ; what is it, Mrs. Dunne 1 Do you want to take away the things ?" "It is only Mickie, the keeper, sir, who would like to see you, sir. But any time will be convenient " " Where is he ?" " In the kitchen, sir." "Tell him to come along now, and we will go and have a look at the kennel." "Very well, sir." Mickie, or Mick, as he was generally called, proved to be a smart-looking, clean-built young fellow of about two-and-twenty, with reddish-yellow hair, ruddy brown eyes, and a face that could express more than his tongue. For he had come from one of the western most districts in Kerry, and his English was somewhat scant. Fitzgerald, on the other hand, had almost forgotten what little Irish he ever knew; so that the conversation that now ensued in the hall, about cartridges, and the cleaning of guns, and what not, was con ducted with a good deal of guessing on both sides. However, Mick showed himself shrewd enough; he quite understood Fitzgerald's monitions about keeping on good terms with the farmers and shepherds around; and when, in the little gun- room, they turned over the various drawers and cases—sad enough relics these were of the dead man—it was very clear he had done his best to master his trade. The guns had been beautifully cleaned, and carefully oiled and put away. Such cartridges as were there were well made. Not only that, but some sea birds stuck up along the wall were of Mick's own stuffing, and they were very fairly done, considering the difficulty of the performance. Master Willie had found a companion just to his mind. "The loicence, sir?" said Mick, as if his clear brown eyes conveyed all the rest of the question. "Yes, what?" " :Twas Mistlier McGee was axing would it he a gun loicence or a kaper's loicence he was to he getting for me." " "What had you before ?" " Sure I had the kaper's loicence; hut Misther McC4ee was saying mebbe you'd be shooting all the toime yourself, sir, and what would I be after wanting the game loicence for?" "What did you use it for before?" But this took Mick some time to explain the fact being that " his honor," as every one except the English maid servant called young Clietwynd, had been away frequently during the shooting season, and on that account the keeper had had a licence to kill game, so that an occasional hamper could be sent to London. Fitzgerald said he would have to settle that matter afterwai'ds; and together they set out for the kennel—through the silent thinwetthatseemedtohang in the atmo sphere like a vapor. He spent about an hour in the kennel and stable, and then returned to the solitary room, and got a book, and sat down to road in the melancholy silence of the rain. But he was restless. The type before him got into a fashion of fading away, and pictures formed themselves in its stead. This would not do. He threw down the book and went out, and put on his shooting boots and leggings and waterproof. Then he got out the fishing rod he had brought with him, and jointed it together on the lawn. Then he got his fly book, and chose indifferently the first cast that came to hand, which he twisted round his hat. Thus equipped he set forth through the shrubbery, and made his way to the side of the small but rapid stream that came down from the hills through the valley to the salt water of the bay. He had not stayed to ask what chances of sport there were. But the throwing of a fly would be sufficient occupation, he thought; one could not stay indoors the whole after noon ; besides, there would be practice—in case he might happen on some better fishing elsewhere. So he made his way through the rank, tall grass and herbage (the best shooting boots in the world could not keep out the wet) until he reached the side of the stream; and thore he put on the cast; and with a short line threw the flies on the swirling water. It very soon appeared that if he only wanted to exercise his skill he would have ample oppor tunities, Sor the streamlet was very narrow, long weeds grew down to the very edge, the water was rapid, and in the first three casts he got twice caught up. But when he had chosen his position better, and was a little more careful, he soon found himself catching fish—that is to say, small brown trout of about four to the pound. It amused him, and did no harm to them; nay, perhaps it was a benefit to tliera, for when they were flung in again they had learnt a lesson in life, and would be more cautious in the future. And to him there was a certain variety in the occu pation besides merely trying to dodge the tall weeds. To get at some of the pools and reaches of this sharply curving river he had to cros3 necks of land that were obviously covered at very high tides with the sea water; and as these contained a considerable number of deep, peaty-looking holes par tially concealed by the long grass, there was a possibility of his finding himself at any moment up to the neck in mud. So he kept on—on this sad, dull day, with the soft rain continuously falling; discovering new pools; hanging up on weeds; landing small fish, and leisurely throwing them back again, until Yes, until there was a sound that made his heart jump—the shrill whirr-r-r of the reel! Up went the top of the rod, out went the butt, in a moment! Then he saw his oppor tunity—he floundered down through the bushes, and got into one of the shallow reaches of the river where the water was not up to his knees; here he could deal with his enemy face to face. The fish had at first banged away down stream, but was now sulk ing under a bank; so he cautiously waded and waded, winding in his line the while, and keeping as heavy a strain on as he dared. If this was a grilsie or sea-trout making its first experiment into fresh water, he knew very well that it was as likely as not to resent this treatment and make a bolt back for the sea. And now there came between him and his prey a bend of the river where the banks came close together; and he was afraid it was too deep for him to wade. The fearful un certainty of that moment! Look at the danger of getting on either bank—scrambling up among the tall weeds—if the fish should just choose that precious point of time Suddenly there was a slacking of the line, and for a wild second he saw a blue and white thing flashing in the air and splashing d own again on the water. He dipped his rod. Quickly and sharply raising it, he felt no harm had been done. But now the line wa3 appreciably slackening again, and as he rapidly wound it in, he found that the fish was heading up stream, and must be ap proaching him. This was a serious situation. At last the rod was nearly vertical, though he was winding as hard as lie could to get the strain on again; and he was anxiously look ing at the point. Just at the instant of his greatest endeavor he joyfully felt the strain returning—nay, he had to release his grip of the handle of the reel—lie merely kept his forefinger on the line ready for any emer gency—and then with another great whirr-r-r-r away went the fish again, round a turn in the bank; and the next thing he knew was that his rod was quite limp and vertical in his hand; with the line, minus the cast, flying high and idly in the air. So far from disheartening him, however, this put a new aspect on affairs altogether; and he thought that the best thing he could do, before risking any further and similar losses, was to go straight away home and sit down and thoroughly overhaul his fly book, and see that his casting lines were in good condition. This, when he had changed his wet clothes, he proceeded to do; and the table in the diningroom was pretty well covered with fishing material when the English maid servant entered. "When would you like to have dinner, sir?" said the young woman. "I do not care. It appears to me I have dined already, Mrs, Dunne." " Mr. Frank used to dine at seven, sir." " Very well, seven, if you like. But please don't take so much trouble as about lun cheon ; I am used to very simple fare." "I am sorry we can't get any game at this time of the year, sir." "Well, I know that." She lingered and hesitated for a second or two. " I wish, sir—I beg your pardon, sir—but would you be so kind as to speak to Mickie ?" " What is it now V" said he, looking up for the first time—for he had been busy with his flies. "The Fenians, sir. Some of them have been down here, and they are frightening the poor boy. He does not want to join them; but they have been threatening him—yes, and threatening the house, sir, if he does not join them " "Send him to me, Mrs. Dunne. I know the fellows." Presently Mick appeared at the door of the dining-room, anxious-eyed. "Are there any Fenians about here, Mickie 2" said he, pulling at a casting line. Kate Dunne was listening all the while, though she pretended she was getting out the dinner things from the sideboard. " N—no, sir." "I am glad of that," said Fitzgerald. " I come from the Blackwater, and we know how to deal with them there. If any of the idle blackguards — I say if any of the idle bligards" he repeated, looking up, and speak ing with more significance, " should come bothering about here, and trying to get decent young fellows into trouble—getting them to drink whisky and march about all night—you come and tell me. While I am here I won't have any strangers come prowling about—do you understand. Mickie ? Wasn't it you made up the No. 4 cartridges?" " Sure it was, your honor!" " Well, now, it's one or two of the No. 4 cartridges that I keep in my pocket at this time of the year, just for anything that may turn up; and I generally have a gun handy— especially at night. Now, d'ye see now, if I catch any idle vagabond interfering about the place and threatening anybody, and talking about his marching and his countermarching, I'm not going to wait to ask him his business; it's the Queen's guinea to a quid o' tobacco he'll get a charge of No. 4 shot catching him up behind; and ye weighed the shot yourself, Mickie; and sure ye know it'll make the bligards jump." Mickie went away deeply impressed. That Irish way of talking carried conviction with it. He sought out his friend Murtough the coachman, and, after a second or two of thoughtful silence, he said— " Sure'tis the new master that can spake bismoind. Blood and'ounds, but I hope there'll be no murther about the house." In the ev ening Fitzgerald dined in solitary state; the pretty housemaid very quickly per ceiving that he preferred to be alone, leaving things about handy so that he could help him self. Thereafter he smoked and read. To wards nine or so she again appeared, bring ing in the spirit tray. " Thank you," said he, looking up in a be wildered kind of way (for he had been vaguely dreaming as well as reading) " I don't want anything more." "If you would rather have brandy, sir," she said, " I think there is some." " Thank you, but I never take spirits." "Oh, indeed, sir. I hope you will find your room comfortable, sir. You will find a candle on the hall table." " Thank you very much." " Good night, sir." " Good night to you." So thus had passed the first day in this new neighborhood; and it had not been unin teresting. He was not thinking of any work now; he had no thought of turning those fresh experiences into literature. Nor had he any reflection that this place, so remote and still, and silent and beautiful, was just the place where Nature, if she were communed with in her mysterious haunts, might reveal her subtler secrets to the listening and sorrowful soul. No; he had got through' a sort of day's duty; and that had kept him from thinking much—which was his chief good at present. He was glad to be able to do something in return for the Chetwynd's kindness. No doubt his being there and occupying the place would reconcile the old lady to the idea of letting it. He would be able, he hoped, to give a good report of both house and shooting. And no more than the man in the moon, it may be added, had he the slightest conception of the purpose Mrs. Chetwynd had in view in begging him to be so kind as to go and pay a visit of inspection to Boat of Garry. (To be continued.) A Maine grocer (says the Boston Post) who had just'' experienced religion," acknowledged in meeting that he had been a very hard sinner, cheated customers by adulterating his goods, &c.;, but, being converted, would repay any one he had wronged. Late that night he was awakened by a ring at his door bell. Looking out he saw a man. "Who are you, and what do you want 1" he asked. "I'm Bill Jones. You said to-night you would repay those you had cheated. Give me that §100 you've owed me so long." " Can't you wait till morning?" "No ; I ain't going to wait till then and stand in line all day." He was paid. " Why, of course you want a telephone put in your house," said the canvasser to the businessman; "it will be so handy when your wife wants to talk to you." "There," exclaimed the business man, picking up a stool, " that will do. I listened to you when you urged the point that I could order provisions from the butcher, and I looked \yith favor on your representations that it would afford unequalled facilities for order ing in the beer, but when you tell me that the only rest I get during the day is going to be ruthlessly busted into through the medium of a galvanised tintype then it was time you was breathing your atmosphere into other cars. You make yourself less adjacent young man," He made. 