LIFE AT THE PARSONAGE. BY M. B. W. PARRISH. (From the Christian at Work.) CHAPTER X.—{Continued.) The physician was summoned as speedily as possible. He pronounced the disease a brain fever superinduced by some strong mental excitement and overwork. He looked apprehensive, but said he could by no means decide what the ultimate result would be, for days and may be weeks. When the morning broke it ushered in a dark day at the parsonage. 0, the many, many dark days that followed 1 The busy, busy mornings; the long, still afternoons; the weary, dreaded nights, filled with fearfal apprehensions and possibilities, and the timid, prayerful watching for dawn. How the hours dragged by to the two lonely, anxious watchers who refused to share their vigils with any other, in the hushed and darkened chamber, whose deathlike stillness was only broken by their gentle footfall, and the daily coming and going of the reticent doctor, and the incoherent mutterings of the sick man in his delirium. The people in the village came with hearts of sympathy, and kind offers of assistance. They were desirous to be of service in any way, but it was but little they could do, as the mother and Daisy positively but gratefully refused all assistance in nursing. For five dreadful weeks he lay in this state of quiet, calm unconsciousness, never raving, or attempting to rise, but just lying there like a tired child, and talking whenever he seemed conscious that anyone was in the room. The state of his church was the burden of his thoughts. <1 didn't intend to teach dancing,' he would say. • I don't know why I did it;' and again, ' They were good people until I came among them. Isn't it fearful to think I've driven them away from God.' His mother knew his troubles better than any one else, and 0 ! how it made her poor heart ache to hear these murmurings. How she wrestled with God for him in secret prayer. • Surely, O Father, Thou wilt spare his life! Has he not suffered enough even now ? Has he not been for many months in the furnace of affliction ? And now his dear life hangs in the balance. Stay Thine hand, I beseech Thee, O Father, even now, and restore my son to health again, for the sake of Thy dear Son whose pitying heart while in human bondage restored even the dead to life, who was the only son of a widowed mother!' As she was getting old, and was not of a robust constitution, these days and nights of watching soon told so plainly upon her that she was no longer able to perform the duties of the sick room. So Daisy Howard insisted that Auntie Maxwell should take a little relaxation and rest. But she, herself, never left •him. Not a drop of medicine, nor of sustenance, had passed his lips during his illness that was not administered by her hand. Kind and solicitous as the neighbours were, she could not be induced to leave her post. As noiselessly as a shadow she moved about the room, and the doctor pronounced her the quietest and most efficient of nurses. Sometimes in bis very calmest moments of delirium she fancied she heard her guardian pronounce her name. She would listen eagerly for its repetition; but the voice was so indistinct she might so easily be mistaken. And then he never seemed vaguely conscious of her presence. The night came at length that the physician told her would decide the case for life or death. She listened to the professional statement outwardly calm, while her heart throbbed tumultuously, and a wild, beseeching prayer went thrilling up to the throne of the Heavenly Father. Daisy concluded at once that it would be better to keep this knowledge from Mrs. Maxwell, if possible, until the crisis came, as the anxiety of the last cruel hours of suspense might be more deleterious to her than all the rest. So with kind words of assurance she induced her to go to her own apartment and seek repose. When alone with her charge she sat down to wait and watch and pray. Toward the turn of the night, as the doctor had predicted, he grew quieter, and after a while slept. She arose and leaned over him, and listened to his breathing. It was calm and even, far more so than it had been during his illness. Then she covered her face with her hands, and the tear-drops oozed between her slender fingers and fell upon his pillow. They were tears of supreme thankfulness. Apprebensive lest the mother might come in and arouse him, 6he crept noiselessly from the room to convey to her the glad tidings. She found her wide awake, for she had been slumbering lightly, as persons do when some great fear is upon them, susceptible to the slightest noise, dropping down upon her knees by the bedside, said * Auntie, he will get well.' He is sleeping just as the doctor said he must.' Instantly the'mother fell upon her knees beside her, and together they offered up their sacrifice of thanksgiving. Not nntil she had told the good news to poor faithful Aunt Harriet, could Daisy return to his room. She sat dozing by the kitchen stove ready to be called at any moment. Without waiting to rouse her form ally, Daisy glided in and said: 4 Mr. Maxwell will get well again, Aunt Harriet. Get up and tell me how glad you are.' She sprang to her feet, frightened at the apparition in the dead of night, but when she comprehended what had been said, she exclaimed, while the tears coursed down her wrinkled black cheeks, 4 De Lord be praised now, sho, fur its jest what I'se 'spected. Didn't I feel somehow all along dat he'd 'store son back to life? I jes knowed He want done wid him yit. Laws, Miss Daisy, ye look jes like a ghost. Don' de book say de prayers ob de righteous prevaileth much ? 'Tween de prayin' an' den ussin' we've pulled him froo', honey." Without waiting to say any more Daisy slipped noiselessly back to her post. And the next moment, feeling that she hadn't done justice to this subject of thanksgiving, Aunt Harriet said to herself: * Bress de Lord, I can't stan' it. I'll bust. I'se goin' out to de wood-shed where I kin have a old-fashioned shout widout makin' much racket." At daybreak the doctor came in, and his patient was still sleeping. Rubbing his hands together, he said cheerily to Daisy: ' He'll come out all right now, thanks to the best of nurses and a medical expert, eh ? When he awakens give him this, placing a tiny package on the table,' and keep him quiet, mind, perfectly quiet. I'll call about noon.' She was sitting by him when he awoke. He looked wonderingly up into her face as she arose and leaned over him. 4 Daisy, is that you ?' he said feebly. 'Yes, Guardie.' 4 Am I sick ?' 4 Yes, sir, you have been very sick.' 4 How long ?' 4 For five weeks, Guardie, and the doctor says you mustn't talk. 1 4 Yes; so long as that ?' ' Yes, sir.' After a moment's silence,' Where's mother.' ' In the room here with you. Laying on the lounge sleeping soundly for the first time" for weeks. Now, you musn't ask any more questions. Doctor said you must take this,' and slipping her arm beneath his pilye was mighty close to the riber, son, an' ten chances low, she raised his head gently, and placed the medf cine to his lips just as she had done a hundred times before. ' Now, he said you must keep very quiet.' His eyes followed her enquiringly, and in another moment he said: 'Daisy, just one question more.* In a low but imperative voice she said: ' Guardie, please mind me, and don't talk any more just now,' and to emphasize her wordB Bhe placed her hand lightly upon his that lay so white and still upon the counterjane. Feebly his fingers closed upon hers, and in a ittle while he was sleeping again. Now commenced the slow, tedious process of convalescing. His recovery was so gradual, he regained his strength so slowly, that for a while his improvement was scarcely perceptible. The people learned the glad tidings, and came to express their delight. They renewed their kind offers of help, and now that he continued to improve, Daisy accepted relief, and yielded her place occasionally to an experienced nurse who waited upoH him with Mrs. Maxwell. Every day there came to the parsonage bouquets of bright, fresh flowers to be placed in his chamber, and the pastor was very grateful for these silent tributes. And as he continued to improve there came offerings of fruit of every available variety. Indeed, the people seemed to vie with each other to see who could show the most kindness. It was a long time before he was able to receive callers in his room, but when at last the doctor gave him this privilege, Aunt Harriet begged the privilege of being the first to see him. When she entered the room, and caught sight of his emaciated figure, propped up with pillows in the huge rocking-chair, she burst out with, 'Bress de Lord, son, ye ain't nothin' but a skillet' (skeleton). She commenced to cry and gather up the corner of her apron, • I know its ongrateful in me to be murmurin' when de great king has sot ye onto yer feet agin, but laws, I didn't spect him to do it Iookin' like dat. Why, when ye was a little babe ye was so likely and strong on yer legs, and den a big, fat, robusted boy, an* all along such a broad-shouldered hearty man, and now jes' look at ye.' He couldn't help laughing. " Why, Auntie, you seem disgusted with my appearance.' 4 Laws, no, honey, I ain't 'gusted. I'se glad enuf for to shout, ef I wasn't afeerd I'd skeer ye to def agin. 0: to one if ye hadn't launched out an' gone over, if de good Lord an' Miss Daisy, God bless her, hadn't clung to ye night an day.' Having delivered herself thus, she turned and fled downstairs, drying her eyes as she ran. Daisy, at mention of her name, bent lower over her work. Presently his mother left the room, and not a word was spoken for several minutes. Daisy sat opposite to him with some light needlework in her hand, with which she was diligently occupied. He, with his pale face framed in glossy auburn hair against the snowy pillows, sat watching her intently: 'Daisy,' he spoke presently. She looked up quickly. Sir.' 4 4 Are you wearied out with nursing?' ' 0, no, sir.' • Were you with me all the time, Daisy V 4 Do you forget that Auntie Maxwell and Mrs. Albert have had you in charge a great part of the time ?' 41 mean while I was delirious. Were you with me all the time then, Daisy ?' She answered in a loud voice, Yes, sir.' 4 4 Would you tell me what I said ?' 4 If I could, sir, but your words were so incoherent I could scarcely ever make them out. When I did, it was about affairs connected with your church.' 'And there was nothing else?' 4 Nothing, sir.' Silence again for a few moments, then he said: It is no wonder you look five years older, Daisy.' 4 4 Do I, Mr. Maxwell, and why should I ?' You have overtaxed your strength in taking care of me. If gratitude is any compensation, Daisy, I am grateful, more than I can find words to express.' 'I'd rather you wouldn't talk to me that way, Mr. Maxwell.' 4 They say but for your careful, constant attention, probably I would have died. Would you have cared very much, Daisy?' Cared ? The hot blood rushed to her temples, her heart seemed to stand still for an instant, then gave a great bound. The fingers that held her work trembled visibly as she answered as calmly as she could, You must think me capable of the vilest ingratitude 4 when you have been so kind to me.' He did not say any more, and presently Mrs. Maxwell came in followed by two ladies of the village, and Daisy, glad of so good an opportunity, gathered up her work and left the room. Alone in the seclusion of her own apartment she sat down, clasped her hands in her lap, and thought, ' 0, if he knew, I would sink with shame. I will not take my work there again. He bas only been kind to me, that is all. 0, so kind; and he never shall discover my worse than childish weakness. If I could only go away.' That evening George Burke came again. He had been to the parsonage twice during Mr. Maxwell's illness, but Daisy had not seen him. She went down to the parlor. She noticed at a glance that he was slightly under the influence of liquor, and she resolved to tell him that she would never see him again in snch a condition. He had taken more than he intended, and he was not easy and self-possessed. It had deprived him of his better judgment, his prudence, and discrimination. He was reckless, and before he had been in her company half an hour, he madly put all to the risk, and aBked her to be his wife; pleaded with an eloquence and pathos peculiarly his own. In astonishment she listened, then refused him, kindly but positively. Begged him to reform and prove himself worthy of some pure woman's love, and there was some one in the world who would help him to lead an honorable life. 4 Would she marry him if he did this ?' he asked. ' No; not under any circumstances.' Then, crazed with liquor and stung to the quick by her refusal, he upbraided her in unmanly terms for holding out hopes that she did not intend to fulfil. She denied having done so, or even thought of it. This only exasperated him the more, and he told her that she had encouraged his visits for years, knowing all the time that it would come to this, until she was compelled to leave his presence, when she found that she could not reason with him. She went weeping to her room, and excused herself from seeing anyone that night. Slowly the weeks dragged by, and slowly Mr. Maxwell regained his strength. The days were getting cool, and the leaves were falling, when the doctor gave him permission to go down stairs and recreate moderately in the open air. But he must net think of studying for at least another month. This was a great privation to him, for he was already longing to get to his work. The hearts of his people seemed more closely drawn toward him than ever before, and he abundantly appreciated their feeling. It was about this time tbat Daisy received a letter from her Aunt Burke, imploring her to come to them immediately She only stated that they were in trouble, yea, in thevery depths of trouble. Sbo placed the letter before her guardian and Mrs. Maxwell, and asked what she should do. They decided that it was her duty to go. Mr. Maxwell said to himself: ' I have no doubt that George Burke is the cause of the trouble, whatever it may be, and of course she is his betrothed wife, or his mother would not appeal to her in this manner. She has never told me so, probably because Bhe knows it would distress me.' Immediately she set about her hasty preparations,, and in a few days was ready. On the morning of her departure she dared not allow herself a moment of time when making her adieux, but hurried up stairs when the carriage was already waiting at the door to convey her to the railway station. But her only thought was to escape. To escape from what ? From the presence of the man she had learned to love better than she loved her life. (To be continued.) 