' Phiz*' (From the LondoA ' Dans' TStismi.*' Jo!* 11»- Mb. Habimt & Bnottins, better faadmi as PM«i whose death, we annonaced yesterday -was an artist to wiiom w& all owe a great deal of amuse* ment. He was not so versatile nor so original arf Cruikshank; he had not the geaioa* nor. tti* geniality, still leas th6 sensA of luuuifnT. at JTrttta Leech. In hia later yearfl his work became more and more raiequal, till he was eometiraea almost as apt to scribble hasty scrawls as (Jonstantin Guys. M. Guys, whose not widely known name we spell from memory, was an artist delected by M. Baudelaire aa the fine nower ot modern axt, and, the true) QioTigh lnxr- ried, designer of the fogiMya beauty' of the modern world* It is rMord«c( that M^Gnys was once sent to draw ^ft, «c«n« of triumph and certain illuminations Ift jjondon^. probably about the end of the Crimean war. His sketch did not reach the of&-56 of the psper «f which he was an artist in time* and tfomeoua went to see what the man of genius was doin/tt He was found in bedi but was eqnal to &« qpc&. sion. Snatching a sheet of paper and peoeu &* drew a curve. 'There,' eajd he» rfis libA triumphal axch, and hera/* Bcribhllna; a- number of scratches like «ccentei6 cornet^ ' here are the firewortsr/* Itr. Browne's drawings occasionally showed a tendenoy t& approach this rudimentary sort of ** pictpgraph' rather than to give what 4 dramatic critic calls 'a. solid and studied rendering ' of events', fiai many of Mr. Browne's illustrations of Dickens ara ? immortal. They are closely bound up with -su* earliest and latest recollections of the work of the 'incomparable Boss:'' Mir. Pickwick, wo l-elieve, -was not -wiiolly duo to the fancy of $fr-. Browne, bnt of the unfortunate Seymont; whosa death prevented from continuing the eeriss; EverJ' one has heard how Mr. Tiaoterary, tkeil ati unknown man, wished to illustrate one of Dickens's early stories, and brought Mx: Dickens examples of his skill. Fortunately bis offer ?was not accepted. Mr. Thackeray's pencil wag the proper ally of his pen. He saw and drew Costigan, Becky, Emmy, Lord Sterne; as no one else could have drawn them. But he had not beheld the creations of Boz in the same light of imaginative vision. Sometimes; too, it must be allowed that Mr. Thackeray drew very badly. His ' Peg of Limavaddy,' in the ' Irish Sketch Book,' is a most formless lady, and by no means justifies the enthusiasm of her poet , Thus the task of illustrating ' Pickwick' fell to Mr. Browne, and he carried on the concep tions of his predecessor with extraordinary vigour. The old vein of exaggerated caricature he inherited from the taste of an elder genera* tion. Bat making allowance for the exaggeration^ what can be better than Mr. Pickwick sliding, or the awful punishment of Stiggins at the hands of the long-suffering Weller ? We' might wish that the young lady in far-topped boots was prettier^ and, indeed, more of a, lady. But 'ifii. Browne never had much success, we think, in drawing pretty faces. He tried to improve in this re* speck, but either his girls had little characte*i an the standard of female beauty has altered. AS to this latter change, there can be no doubt at alL Leech's girls are not like Tl&ckeray;'« early pictures of women j and Mr. Dn Hsuxisr'a aar© sometimes sicidied o'er with foe* pal* -nw* ot an esthetic period. It is probable that the1 innuenoa qf 3fo Browne'e art redacted in some d&gree; on Dickens. In the old times tivvrj tare the author invented the artist ww pretty certain to caricature. Thas the snthor may have felt the temptation fb keep pace with the frolic humour of the artisfc. Mr. Browne cannot be blamed for a tendency to exaggerate noises and other f eatnres; which was almost ma.i^ versal in his time. Jfone of us can say what con ception wouid now be entertained of Dickens'* characters if Mr. Browne had not drawn fhemi In the later works o£ Dickens (when they were illustrated) other artiste were employed, as .'Mr. Stone and Mr. Fildes. These are accomplished painters of established reputation, and they of coarse avoided the old system of carica ture, the old forced humour. But we doubt ?whether their designs axe so intimately associated ?with the persons in the stories as are th6 designs of Mr. Browne. The later artists had this dis advantage, that the later novels (except ;' Great Expectations/' ?which was not illustrated), were neither so good nor bo popular as ' Pickwick/' ' Nicholas Nickleby,' ' Martin Chnzzlewit/' ' David Copperfield,' or even ' Bleak House.' TFe never can have any Mr. Micawber but Phiz's indescribably jaunty Micawber. His Mi. Peck Eniff is not very like a human being, bnfc his collars and his eye-glass redeem him, and af ter all Pecksniff is a transcendental and incredi ble Tartoffe. Tom Pinch is even less sympathetic in the drawings than in the novel. Jonas Cnnzzlewit ia elso 'too steep/' as a modern critic has eaid in modern slang. But In the novel, too, Mr.. Jonas is somewhat too precipitous. Nicholas-. Nickleby is a colourless sort of young man in the illustrations, bnt then he is not very vividly pre. sented in the text. Ralph Nickleby and Arthur Gride may pair off with Jonas Chuzzlewit, but ?who can disparage the immortal Mr. Squeere? From the first moment when we see Tmw at his inn, with the starveling little boys* through all the story, Mr. Squeers is consistently exquisite. In spite of his cruelty, coarseness, hypocrisy^ there is a kind of humour in Mr. Squeers which makes him not quite detestable. In ' David Copperneld ' Mr. Micawber is perhaps the only artistic creation of much permanent merit, unless it be the waiter who .consumed David's dinner, and the landlady who gave him a a pint of the Regular Stunning. In rfBl6ak House' Mr. Browne made some credible at- tempts to be tragic and pathetic. Jo is rentem* bered, and the gateway of the churehvard where the rate were, and the Ghost's Walk in the gloomy domain of Lady Dedlock. It is a singular and gloomy feature in the character of young ladies and gentlemen of a particular type that they have ceased to tsare for Dickens, as they have ceased to care for Scott. They say they cannot read Dickens, When Mr. Pickwick's adventures are presented to the modern maid of the semi-genteel type, she | * behaves like the Cambridge freshman, ' JSuclide also eohomiii et evasit.' When he was ehowa Euclid he evinced dismay, and sneaked off, JEven bo do vulgar young people, who would be thought refined, act when they are expected to read ' Nicholas Nickleby' and 'Martiu Chuzzlewit.' They call these masterpieces 'too gutterly gutter,' they cannot .sympathise ? with this honest humour and conscious pathos. They think Paul Dombey and little Nell little nuisances, and the page id nnmoistened with their tears. Consequently the innumerably references to Sam WeUer, and Mrs. Gamp, send Mr. Pecksniff, and Mr. Winkle which fill -Jnr ephemeral literature are written for these persons in an unknown tongue. The number of people who could take a good pass in Mr. Calverley's' Pickwick Examination Paper is said to be diminishing. Pathetic questions are some times put. Are we not too much cultivated ? Can tins fastidiousness be anything but a casual passing phase of taste ? Axe all people over 3d who cling to their Dickens and their Scott old fogies? Our answer to these melancholy in* quiries is very brief. People of sense and intel ligence read Dickens as much as ever, and the more cultivated they are the more cordially they relish what is characteristic of his geninSj'xmttdng most indulgent allowance for his faults. It is only to the vulgar— -chiefly the semi-genteel nil gar, the Mr. and Mrs. Wititterlys of onr day — that Dickens seems vnlgar. A gaUant soldier was onee heard to say iiiathiflonty measure of courage was this i ' Upon the first fire I immediately look upon myself as a dead man i I then fight the remainder of the day aa regardless of danger as a dead man should be. All my uxttbs that ttHrcj out of the field I regard as so much gained, oral id much eaved oat of the fire.'* A police- offieef , going round ibd harbonr the oihep day, observed a boy idinibiag np the rigging of OUA of tho voeeoU, and in ordering him to come down caid, 'If I find jon here again, twill take yon to Bride well.' TEel-OT-okedinhU faoscmikdjand.saidj ' I bide there already.' Hi was tho eon «f the macron. . ' * *:-~ . Signora Visoont* waa a anger of great power, but ?be gnaw go corpulent that^ier 6ge beiiijZ'the'Aiddeot of oonreniatioa isabon^ta&y; imimXAziaCiheBtnsali ' ;was prcneni, a gaatlamaa jriw iBmpowd ter to be sxuUtvcotr- Hi* Iiosdildc-2iitarniptln2 liun-:said( ''XbniDOanBtonWifiirjiioCTSszE.' ? i 