STORYTELLER BAFFLED; OK, CLARENCE DAWN'S FORTUNES. The Story of a. City that is Dead, t wd of People tcho Live. CHAPTER XV. MEZQUEN AND JACK FELTER SEE A CHOST. 'I declare 1' exclaimed tbe lawyer, when Elkins helped him to rein in his hoi'se ai the rendezvous, and he turned to Jook back at the fire, ' that is grand ! Perfectly grand, and awfully sublime ! I can imagine myself to be Napoleon gazing from a sate distance at me naming palaces of Moscow. But, I say, Elkins, won't that blaze some what depreciate the value of realty in this vicinity ?' Elkins thought the 5re would have that effect. ' I suppose it's done to get the insur ance,' said the lawyer, tiying to find out a motive. Elkins thought there was not a dollar's worth of insurance on all the property in Scrubb Creek. 'All! that's an oversight,' said the lawver. ' Only think how a fire like that could be made to pay, if it was managed under the advice of a good lawyer.' ' Like yourself, for instance.' ' Yes ; I think J could have made a good thing of it. But tell me, why is it done ? Why this vandal-like des- ruction of tenements that must harecost money?'' Elkins leaned forward in bis saddle, for Mczquen had come nearer and whis pered. 'The ohiect is to get tbem m our con trol.' ' Them ? ' ' Yes 1 Mrs. Palmer and her daugh ter.' ' But, may they not perish in the flames ?'' ' Would you lifk a hair to save then), if there was any danger of their so perishing ?' And Elkina looked into the pinclieJ face, with an indescribable expression. ' Oh, I'm very gallant, but I'm olJ, ar.d yon couldn't expect such an exploit from me,' laughed the lawyer. ' But you need not congratulate your self on the probability of their beini overpowered by the flames,'' said Elkins. ' Ho chance, eh ? ' ' That is not Felter's object. He is the blindest mule 1 ever met.' 'What, then, is his object? ' 'To get the women in his power.'' ' And run off with them ?' 'That is it, Bland.' 'And you think he will succeed?' ' I am as suie of it as that I see you sitting before me on that horse.'' ' And when they are in his power, we come quietly in, eh ? And with the aid of these dark-complexioned women, ac complish our purpose. Is that it?' ' That is it exictly.' ' And you are sure you can count on that fierce-eyed, old hag ?' ' As sure us I am that you are work ing for a fee, in this case, as big as a widow's dower,' replied Elkins. ' Very good ; a capitally strong illus tration, George. You should have been a lawyer. I wanted to bring you up in my footsteps. But you took to cards, horses, and so torth.' 'Thanks; lam a big enough rascal as it is. But watch the fire.' Elkins pointed to the billows of flame, and the o'd lawyer again began to ima gine h'niself Napoleon looking through a field glass at burning Moscow. Their enjoyment of the wild scene was put a sudden stop lo by a cry of fear and pain from Mezq.ien. At the same instant a horseman shot out of the woods behind them, and dashed away for the distant town. 'There, Pedretto ! There! D id you see his face ?' groaned the old woman, her yellow teeth chattering. ' I did not. It is but a resemblance of form,' replied Pedretto. ' No, no ! His eyes glared into mine, and flashed fire as he passed ! It is his spirit — 1 know it is hisspirit !'' 'I beg your pardon, Mezquen, but do you refer to the wild horseman who has just passed us?' asked Elkins. Mezquen rocked her body and nodded her head. ' I can assure you that is the most flesh and blood creature I have seen for many a day. He rides like a centaur, and if there be a belter horse in the West than Rockett, that stranger rides him. But if lie keeps on in that direction I wouldn't give a fig for him and his horse, twenty minutes from now.' To this the old woman made no reply, but went on groaning and swaying her body, as if the would hush some trouble to sleep in her heart. There were none of the horse thieves in sight. After the fire had expended its force Felter came riding back, and his foaming horse and jaded expression told that he had been riding fast. ' IIullo, Jack 1' was Elkins' saluta tion. ' You look played out.' ' And I feel played out,' replied Fel ter, with a groan. ' Why, what's up?' asked E.kins, in alarm. Felter motioned for Elkins to follow him ; and after they had ridden out of hearing, he asked, with a gasp : ' Cap, do you believe in ghosts ?' ' Not a bit of it,'' replied Elkins. ' Is your father dead ?' ' I don't know.' ' Is your mother.' ' She is.' ' And you saw her lyin' dead afore yon ? ' ' Yes. But why do vou ask ?' 'For this why,' said Felter, solemnly. ' I once seed a man not far from wliar you and me now is, a lyin' dead with a bullet in his heart ?' 'Surel It was my eye that guided the ball, and my finger that pulled the trigger,' said Felter with his old swagger. 'Then you have good reason to think it was a clean job. ' ' You-cau bet I have. The man was Pedretto's father, by a Mexican mother.' | Elkins sent forth a long whistle, and looked up at the quivering cottonwood leaves. ' But I saw that man to-night !' 'The dead uian 1' ' The ghost of tlie dead man.' ' Nonsense !'' ' I've said it was nonsense to them that told me they'd seed it afore. But I tell you ho passed me close tos I aiu to yon.' 'And you saw his face ?' ' Yes, even to the blood on his breast,' replied Felter. Thinking it wise to humor the super stitious desperado, Elkins saut : ' I have heard of such cases, but never knew of one to be so well authenticated. But, then, like all ghosts, it was harm less ; it did not hurt yon ? ' ' No, f .r I got out of the way. But liar's tlie. curus part : I seed that rider a plungin' through the tire just as a wild duck dashes through water; it didn't seem to harm him no more. And what do yon suppose he did ?' ' I couldn't guess, Jack, unless it was that he very properly disappeared in a becoming sheet of flame, with appropriate blue lights and a strong odor of sulphur.' 'Nothing of the kind; nothing of the kind !' persisted Felter. ' Major Harris and Dawn and the hull crowd was a ridin' for whar me and the bovs was hiil, as hard as they could tear, when that spirit leaped out of the fire and headed thein off to the right, and they escaped us !' 'Escaped you!'' exclaimed Elkins, with an unusual manifestation of excite ment. ' I meant to say they left the town, and didn't come to us, as we thought they would,' responded Felter. ' And where are they now ?' 'They're a restin' near the Haw Spring.' ' Are they watched ?'' ' You can bet they are.' ' And what is to be done next?'' ' They may move afore day so's to git a giod start. The boys are all around them — but principally in front, ten mile oil towards the burnt bridge.' ' I see.'' ? 'The boys are out iiuntin' stolen bosses ; they'll come up with the party early to-morrow and tiud their bosses.' ''Yes.' - 'And then they'll bring all but the doctor along.'' ' Wliv should tli-v bring any but the women V ' Because I .vant to get even with Dawn and Harris, aud I reckon you do too.' Elkins declared he was very anxious to get even. ' I may let Weldon and Rogers go, though they've acted all along like sneaks. I'll see.' ' ' And when the boys get back we start for over the Arkansas: is that it? ' ' That'sjust it, Cap ; for it's my 'pinion the sojers '11 be on this gronnd ivithin twenty-four hours.' ' And it will never do for them to find us at this time !' ' Nor at any other time, Cap. But come, let us give our critters a rest, and wait for daylight,' said Felter. 'lliey rode back and dismounted, as did the others. The mules were eased of their burdens and staked out to graze with the horses. The old lawyer and Elkins lay down on a saddle blanket, bat neither slept. The old woman started a fire, a id she and Pedretto sat beside it, while Felter lay (coiled up near by. And so they remained till the fire in the town and the fire in the woods grew dim before the light of another day. (To be continued.) Advice to Mothers !— Are you broken In jour rest by a sick child suffering with the pain of cutting teeth 1 Go at once to a chemiBt and get a bottle of Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Sybcp. It will relieve the poor sufferer im mediately. It is perfectly harmless and pleas ant to taste, it produces natural, quiet sleep, by relieving the child from pain, and the little cherub awakes 'as bright as a button.' It sothes the child, it softens the gums, allays all pain, relieves wind, regulates the bowels, and is the best known remedy for dysentery and diarrhoea, whether arising from teething or other causes. Sirs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup is 6old by Medicine dealers everywhere at Is. lid. per bottle. Valuable discovery fob tbeHaie.— Ji your hair is turning grey or white, or falling off U6e ''The Mexican Itenewer,' for it mil positively restore in, every case Grey or White Hair to its original colour without leaving the disagreeabble smell of most '? Restorers.' It makes the hair charmingly beautiful, as well as promoting the growth of the hair on bald spots, where the glands arc not decayed. Ask your Chemist for ' The Mexican Haib Re neweb,' sold by Chemists and Perfumers everywhere at 3s. Gd. per Bottle. 'Wholesale depot removed to 33, Farringdon- Road London Small Capitalists wishing to Establish a Business should see if there is an opening for a Mineral Wa'er Manufactory in their district. All information and receipts for the pnrpose of making Lemonade. SoJa Water, i-c., is given — previous knowledge is not necessary. Tne demand for these drinks is so much on the in crease, in all parts of the world, tbat tlie outlay for the machinery in all c.ises leads to a profi table and safe business. Cita'ogue forwardid free, or can be bad at ihe office of this paper on payment of Is. — Babnett and Fostj:b, Engi neers, 230, Forstoc-sH-'et, London, N. — [ADVX.] Flouilikk !—Foiithe Teeth andHreath — A few. drops of the liquid 'Floriline' sprink led on a wet tooth-brush produces a pleasant lather, which thoroughly cleanses the tee'.h from all parasites or imparities, hardens the gums, prevents tartar, stops decay, gives to the teeth a peculiar pearly-whiteness, and a de lightful fragrance to the brfath. It removes all unpleasant odour arising from decayed teeth or tobacco smoke. ' The Fragrant Floriline, being composed in part of Honey and sweet herbs, is delicious to the taste, and the greatest toilet discovery of the age. l'rice 2s. 6d, of all cbemieU, and Perfumers. Wholesale depot cinoved to 33 Farringdon Road, London As Sure as Eggs are Eggs.— An American Editor declares that ' out Wi st' eggs are fetching twopence cach, and that' the henBdo not care about business even at this price. We fancy this must be very far *? West,'1 or surely our American cousins would ere thie have resorted to the use of '? liorwick's Gold Metal Custard Powder.' which renders the housewife perfectly independent of the domestic fowl, since it produces the most delicious cus'ards, blanc-mangce, fcc,, at ball the usual cost, and in much less time. The heus had belter be cautious about 'stiiking,' or some enter, jriBing storekeeper will introduce this household boon, and ruin their trade for ever. There S6 no special ' laying season' fur ' Rorwick's Custard P-.wdcr,' — one can keep it always on hand in the neat little packets and tins in which it is sold. Can be had of all Storekeepers in the Colonies. — Civilian. 