? i - , ? THE BAY 03? SEVEN ISLANDS. ' Tho skipper sailed out of tho harbormoutli, Leaving tho apple-bloom of tho South For tho ico of tho Eastorn 8cas, In liis fishing schooner Breeze. Handsome and liravo and young was ho, And tho maidens of Nowbury sighed to seo His lessening wlnto sail fall . Under tho sea's bluo wall. Through tho Northern Gnlf and tho misty soreon Of tho isles of Mingin and Madeleine, St.'PauTs and Blanc Sablon, Tho littlo Brcezo sailed on Backward nnd forward along tho slioro Of wild and desolato Lnbrador, And found at last hor way To tho soven Islands Bay. Tho little liamlot, nestling bolow Great hills wliito with lingering snow, 'With its lin-roofed chapel stood Half hid in tho dwarf spruco wood ; . Green-turfed flower-sown, tho last outpost Of summer upon tlio dreary coast, With its gardens small and sparo, Sad in tho frosty air. Hard by whoro tho skipper's schooner lay, A fishorman's cottago looked away Ovor isle and bay, and behind On mountains dim-defined. And thoro twin sistors, fair and young. Laughed with their Btranger guest, and sung In their native tonguo tho lays Of tho old Provencal days. Aliko wcro thoy' save tho faint outlino Of a' scar on Suzctt's forehead fino ; And both, it so befell, Loved tho herotic stranger Both wcro pleasant to look upon, But tho heart of tho skipper clavo to ono ; Though less by his cyo than heart Ho know tho twain apart. Despite of alion raco and creed. Well did his wooing of Marguerite speed ; And tho mother's wrath was , vain As tho sister's jealous pain. Tho slirill-tongued mistress her houso forbade, And solemn warning was sternly said By tho black- robed priest, whoso word As law tho hamlet heard. But half by voico and half by signs Tho skipper said, ' A warm sun Rhinos On tho green banked Morrimac ; Wait, watch, till X como back. ' And when you seo, from my mast head, ? Tho signal fly of a kerchief red, My boat on tlie shoro shall wait j Como, when tho night is lato.' Ah I woighed with childhood's haunts and friends, And all that tho homo sky ovorbonds, Did ovor young lovo fail To turn tho trembling scnlo ? Under tho night, on'tho wet sea sands, ' Slowly unclaspcd their plighted hands : . One to tho cottago hearth, j And ono to his sailor's berth. What was it the parting lovers heard ? .Nor leaf, nor ripple, nor wing of bird, But a listener's stealthy tread On tho rock-moss, crisp and dead. He weighed his anchor, and fished oneo moro By tho ulack coast-lino of Labrador; ? And by lovo and tlio north wind driven, Sailed back to tho Islands Soven. In tho sunset's glow tho sistors twain ' Saw tho Broozo como sailing in again ; SaidSuzotte, 'Mother dear, Tho horotic's sailis hero.' ' Go, Marguerite, to your room and hide j Your door shall bo bolted !' tho mother cried : While Suzotto, ill at oaso, Watched tho red sign of tho Brcezo. At midnight, down to tho waiting skiff Sho stolo in the shadow of tho cliff 5 And out of tho Bay's mouth ran Tho Schoonor with maid and man. And all night long, on a rostless bed, Hor prayers to tho Virgin Margucrito said ; And thought of her lover's pain Waiting for hor in vain. Did ho pace tho sands ? Did lie pauso to hear Tho sound of hor light step drawing near ? And, as tho slow hours passed, Would bo doubt her faith at last,? But when shoTsaw, tlirougli tho misty pane, Tho morning Lreak on a sea of rain, Could oven hor lovo avail To follow liis vanished sail ? Moantimo tho Brcezo, with favoring wind, Loft tho rugged Moisic hills behind, And heard from an unscon shoro Tho falls of Manitou roar. On tho morrow'sjmom, in tho thick, gray weather They sat 011 tho reoling deck together, Lover and counterfeit, Of hapless Marguerite. With a lovor's hand, from hor forehead fair Ho smoothed away her jet-black hair. What was it his fond eyes mot ? Tlio scar of tho falso Suzotto ! Fiercely I10 sliouted : 'Bear away East by north for seven Isles Bay I' Tho maiden wept and prayed. But tho ship her holm oboyod. Onco moro tho Bay of tho Isles they found : Thoy heard tho boll of tho Chapel sound, And tho chant of tho dying sung In tho harsh, wild Indian tonguo. A feeling of mystery, cliango, and awo Was in all thoy heard and all thoy saw : Spell-bound tho hamlet lay . In tho hush of its lonely bay Aud when thoy came to tho 'cottago door, ? Tho mothoi* $oso up from hor weeping sore, And with angry gestures mot Tho scared look of Suzotto. ' Hero is your daughter,' tho skipper said : ' Givo mo tho ono I lovo instead.' But tho woman stornlv spako : ' Go, seo if tho dead will wako I' Ho looked Her swoot faco Btill and whito And strango in tho noonday tapor light, Sho lay on her littlo bed, . ? ? With tho cross at her foot and head. In a passion of griof tho strong man bent Down to hor faco, and, kissing it, went Back to tlio waiting Breeze, Back to tho mournful seas. Novor again to tho Morrimac And Nowbury's homes that bark camo back. ? Whether her fato sho mot On tho shores of Carrariuctto Miscou, or Tracadie, who can say? But ovon yet at Soven Isles Bay la told tho ghostly talo Of a weird, unspoken sail. ' I11 tho palo, Bad light of tho Northern day Seen by tho blanketed Montagnals ; Of sqitaw, in licr small lcyack, Crossing tho spectre's track. On tho deck a maiden wings her hands : Hor likeness kneels on tho gray coast sauds ; Ono in her wild despair, And ono in tho tranco of prayer. Slio flio's beforo 110 earthly blast. With tho red sign fluttering from hor mast, Ovor tho solemn seas, , ' ^ Tho ghost of tho schooner 'Brcezo. : —John GvcenUof Whitthr, / 