IN TRUST FOR SANDY. I.was eighteen'years of ago. when poor father died and left me with myself and a stationer's shop to take care of. Mother had left him before I could rmeember what mother was likeE She had `come a' delicate young woman from the Devonshire valleys, and London air and London shop life were the death of her in two years, my father had often told me. I think it was the regret of his life that be had ever brought her to London; I know it was the sorrow of his life that :she had left him-left him with a sickly child to call him father too, and to be christened by her name. It was thought by his neighbors that I should soon follow my mother, but I struggled on despite all pro phecies, had every complaint in turns under the sun, was given up in each, and yet fought through most wonderfully. At eighteen years of age, though not a strong young woman-on the contrary, a somewhat pale faced, black.eyed staring girl-I saw the old man out I It was his own hard phrase, not mine-a wondering kind of remark that this should be so, being often on his dear thin lips in the last stages of his illness. "I have.not made a will, Kitty," he said a day or two before he died, " because them's nothing to dispute, and I have nothing to leave but the stock in trade, which is neither large nor valuable. Ithas just kept the twoof us; keeping you alone, you may be able to save from at some ten or fifteen pounds a year if the library books hold together a bit longer, though their backs will want a deal of gluing." " Don't talk of all this now, dad." "It's business, my dear Kitty," he replied, "and I was always a business man. I should have made a will, if there had been anything to leave you, dear, of course. I'm sorry that there isn't." " Pray, don't say any more. The doctor said you were not to talk too much." "I shall have a lot to say to-morrow, though," he said, with a twitching at the corners of his mouth, which I could almost fancy might have been a smile with a little stronger effort. Poor dad I He did not smile again; he did not speak ever any more. The morrow came and found him lying grim and oncon. scious, and two days afterwards the little shop, in Sappho street, Drury Lane, put up three of its shutters before the dingy note paper and envelopes, the slate-pencils, slates, and wafers, the fancy stationery in general, and announced to the struggling world with out doors that Jonas Clatterbridge had re tired permanently from a business which Mr. Humphreys said had never been "great shekes." "I should think he was well out of it," Mr. Humphreys added too, a little con. temptuously; hbut then Mr. IHumphreys was a butcher, and had made a deal of money out of bad meat in general, and was the owner of the next four shops in Sappho street, my father's being one of them. Mr. HIumphreys was looked up to in Sappbo street, though I did not care for him myselt and poor father had once called him a pig. That was in very hard times one year, when the rent was not easy to pay, and Mr. llumphreys said be should put the brokers in if he was kept waiting after Saturday night, which he was not, for father sold his watch and chain, and mother's, too, I think, and so distraint was saved us. We did not like Mr. Hnmphreys after that; we set him down for a very hard, un. sympathetic man, and were only barely civil to him. But perhaps we were hard on Ham phreys in our turn; it was as difficult to make sure of his character as it is of any. body's. for that matter, even one's own; for when father lay ill, and people in Sappho street were curious and inquiring, Mr. Hum phreys came in every morning as soon as the shutters were down. and his son Peter came also, before he went to business, to ask after father's health, and Mrs. Humphreys sent in beef.tea and a sweetbread-with her love to Kitty, and her trust that I was keeping a good heart-many and many a time till all And when it was all completely over, and the shautters were down again, and I had begun to discover how very much alone I a-s in the world. and what a great responsi bility the little shop seemed now that at was wholly on my hands, the Humphreys still remained on a neighborly footing with me. Perhaps Peter Hlumphreys. junior, was a shade too neighborly considering all things, for I began to fancy that he was too regular a customer, and far more interested in my stock in trade than a young bachelor had any need to be. He was the only son of my landlord, rosy-cheeksl and sleeky somewhat, under five feet four in stature, not handsome certainly, and with two little dark eyes so unpleasantly close together that it was im. possible to look anything but crafty and cal culating with them, try how he would to hinder it. and I believe he did try sometimes very hard indeed. Young Humphreys, as he was designated in Sappho street, had not been brought up to the butchering business ; on the contrary, he had been carefully trained to have a soul above it by a prood, unwise, weak little mother, with a faith in her son's cleverness not warranted by any outward and visible sign which it was in the power of anyone else who knew him to de. tect. Young Humphreys had been brought up to look down on people in a retail line of business, and it was considered by his mother, and after a while by his father, that a big whbdesale office was about the best thing for Peter's expanding genius. So young Ilumphreys was articled to Messrs. Treacle, Slosh and Waters, the great brewers, who condescended to accept as premium the sum of five hundred of Mr. Hlumphreys' hard.earnod sovereigns in order to allow Peter to wander helplessly about the brewery and try and pick up anything in the way of thatinformation which Messrs. Treacle, Slosh nod Waters had not in any , way contracted to impart when pocketing the butcher's imoney. And Peter picked up nothing but had language from thle men and extravagant tastes from his brother-pspils, also striving very ineffectually to piek up something in a stragglling Inarn-fowl fashion. He kept his own time at "bnasiness," and worked or not according to his inclinations,' which, it most be confessed, were towards perfect repose and peace when not directed en etically to billiards at the HIogshead bote~opl·tes and to heavy bets upon "the "I don't think-he's going on altogether right," said Mrs. Humphreys one day to .,me; "he's never at home of an eveniog neow. He's always in the streets1 or at the billiard rooms, or the Lord knows where." "Perhaps he'll get wiser as he gets older," I ventured to snggest. "I hope he will," the mother anaswered. "If he could only find some nice young woman to like him-I wouldn't mind who it was--I'm sure he would'settle down, for he's as tractabl as a lamb" "Does he call here before he ges to the brewery, 'Kitty !" Mrs. Humphreys asked me so quickly that I almosbt blushed.. ' ' "He buys a great many lead pncils for th'e business. :1 often wonder what he does with them all, or what they are to do with beer." "Oh,' I"don't know. He's' a cleikr.lad; bht," Mrs. Humphreys remarked, "'I wish his f?ther. thought a little more of him, and didn't make-hislife a misery by asking every blessed night.he comes home, how he's sa getting on now I It's very aggravating to "Epecially if he's'aot getting on,"iI ven tured to remark. ' " Oh I but he is, in the brewery, you may depend upon that, Kitty. But out of the brewery, I should like to see him more. stead.-like, I mast say." Tlii-rwas 'all the' cohiveiiti6n betweeni Mrs. Humphreys and me, but it set me thinking very deeply. It told me that the' butchers were not so proud as I had thought them, and that perhaps they were disposed to patronize me, even to take pity on my or phanage and find a husband for me in young Peter Humphreys, if Peter and I were will. ing. But I did not like Peter a great deal. possibly not at all, and the prospect of Peter's coming into all his fathers pro. perty one day, and setting up a brewery of his own, did not tempt me with a dream of greatness. Poor dad had been dead about three months when the preceding dialogue oc. curred. They had been three busy months with me, and I was grateful for them, for they had saved me from fretting overmuch. I was lonely enough I felt that I had not a friend in the world; and though life in Sappho street, eternal life in Sappho street, seemed hardly worth the desperate fight it was, nevertheless the struggle had done me good. If the boy Mike was troublesome and careless, still it was someone to scold when the papers were delivered to the wrong cus* tomers, and the " Baptist Messenger" was left at the public-house instead of the "Sporting Life"; and even in its own wise way, Mike's putting the corner of the shutter through the top pane of glass came to me like a blessing which roused my spirits and sent my blood, as " Wix a Penny Nove lettes" say, coursing through my veins. Then there were all the rickety books of the three.volume sets to strengthen by glue and pack-thread, and it was quite the mid. summer quarter before I had got dear dad's debts in, and the shop in fair working order, and 1 could feel as if .the place belonged to me. ' Presently I found the time-ah I and the heart too-to put my father's things in order, to destroy all the letters and papers he had left behind him, and which he had had an old-fashioned pleasure in hoarding, and which, should anything happen to me, I thought I shouldn't like to fall into the hands of strangers. Hence I set myself a new task in the evenings after the shop was shut and Mike had gone home for the night, or was waiting at the pit door of the Olympic for a asurreptitious chance of sneaking in with a few street friends, who were partial to theatrical performances, when the check taker's back was turned. By degrees I got matters "neat and tidy," and burned hIn. dreds of old letters-even the love.letters of the mother I had never known, and yet whom I seemed to love so much-and docketed those papers and accounts which seemed worth reserving for a while. And at the top of one big box, which had been almost exclusively devoted to the epistolary correspondence of old times, I came suddenly upon a mystery-a treasure-trove-a some thing not to be solved, or even guessed at. It was at the very bottom of the box, placed there to be out of observation, out of the way, out of temptation even, who knows, when times were bad and business was slack, and Humphreys the butcher was clamouring for his rent.. It was a long, blue, office-like envelope there were dozens of them downstairs, and they had been part of our unsaleable stock for many years now-and on it was written in my father's handwriting, "Kept here in TRUST Fon SasDY. MIDseUsMMa D.r,A 1866." It was sealed, but as it was necessary to know what was in trust for Sandy, and who Sandy was-as I was sole executor, legatee, and what not, despite my not having troubled Somerset House with any claim to my little estate in the Sappho street business -I broke the seal and examined the con tents of the envelope. There was no letter within, not a scrap further of any informa tion printed or written, only-oexi l--the sum of five hundred pounds in Bank of Eng land notes; new Bank of England notes they seemed; but they bore the date of May, IS66, and had been evidently lying at rest, almost from the day of their birth, at the bottom of the mystersous big box. This was a leaf out of a fairy story to me at first, and I felt for a few moments that some good genius had made me suddenly rich, and that lo ! with a touch of the wand, all the struggles for one's daily bread were over for good. I was the heiress of Sappho street, and the rose-colored light was stream' ing into Drury Lane and steeping my new and altered existence in the most glowing colors. All this, as I have said, for a few moments, and then came the consciousness of the sum not being any money that I could touch, or had a right to touch,-that this fabulous amount was lying here in trust for Sandy, waiting for him to come and fetch away . "I should have made a will, if there had been anything to leave you, dear," were almost the last words which my father had said to me, and he would not have been likely to forget a sum of money beyond the brihtest dreams of his prosperity. This been Sandy's fortune, not his own, and it could not by any theory be considered mine. It was trust money, and not to be touched, or thought of, if possible, again. But who u's Sandy? And why had he stolenaway in Midsummer, 1866,and notbeen heard of again! And why had my father not spoken of this mysterious :individual, had nevei in all his long life with me as daughter, friend, confidante, and general housekeeper, alluded ,to the person who had left him in charge of so much money ? And lastly, where was Sandy now, and why had he left all his money behind him before vanishing away like a ghost? I re- sealed the envelope very carefally4-first taking the numbers and dates of the notes with a pre ciseness which was worthy of a bank clerk and then, with some grave doubts as to the safety of the receptacle provided for the treasure, let the packet rest again where it had remained undisturbed and profitless for the last fourteen years, taking no interest to itself. If Sandy should step in one fine day to No. 49 Sappho street, and ask for the in. terest as well as the priscipal-if my father had exceeled his instructions when he had written " Kept here in trust, for Sandy," and if Sandy should be angry t' the un business-like character of the whole pro. ceedingS, what was to be dones I fancied that had my father been spared ts .speakto me' again after talkingof my future' prospects that last sad night of us tbgether, I should have learhed the history of Sandy; I am sure it was on his mind when he faltered forth"I shall have a lot to ais to-morrow, though," and then the mior row never came I I tried to get the matt-r out of my head, but it ias diffienlt work for many weeks it was always beyond my power to dismiss it altogether, the discovery had been so stease and the mktter of the money lying idle thert so much stranger stilL I felt at first like one burdened with a guilty secret, weighed down by something that was heavy and aiful on the mind. It was not likely that" I 'could wholly forget this sum of money's being in the house, with me for its sole protector, or the fact that it was en joined, unless I misunderstood my dead father's meaning utterly, that it should wait in Sappho street the coming of its omwner. What if I should be robbed of it one night, or one afternoon or evening when I had tone to church! was another thought to distress me, although it was not probable that any human being of felonious proclivities would imagine me to be in possession of such riches, I and still less probable that I should take anyone into my confidence. And by de grees I got used to possession, and less nervous, and became less thoughtfnl' of the ipeculiarity of my position-at times forget ting the whole matter for many days, just as my father had done before me. There was another subject to distract my thoughts also-the marked attentions of Peter IHniphreys, junior. 'There was no disguising the fact,at last-though I-should have' liked to smother it-that Peteri was really in love with me. Itried not to be. lieve it likely-for I did not admire Peter at all, or Peter's manners, and should not have had time for love-making, even if I haod cared for him, which was never, never possible. I was not romantic. I looked at things practically, mine being a practical life-and yet the pecuniary advantages of marrying Peter were certainly great at first sight, and the young lady at the baker's over the way would have given her head and ears for my chances. I had been almost sure of that, before Peter told me so himself when he had made a clean breast of the state of his feelings late one evening, lolling all over the new Heralds and Journals, and smelling of Scotch whisky. But I declined tne proposal, flattering as it was to me. I did not want to get married -I had never seen any one in Sappho stseet that seemed worth the bother oý it-and I felt firmly convinced that had I even consi dered Peter an eligible match, he would have drank more and more, got more and more indolent and careless, and finally have spent every farthing of his father's money-just as it did happen years afterwards without my having to share his troubles, Heaven be praised. Still, for some time after his proposal, I had to be troubled very much by Peter Humphreys. He would not take No for an answer; he was sure girls were all change. able, and did not know their own minds, he said, and he called about twice a week-like his father's man for ' orders'-to learn if I had altered my mind yet, and he sent in his mother every Sunday morning with a similar inquiry. es, I suppose Peter was head over heels in love with me, he acted so foolishly, and yet with a pertinacity that would have made his fortune in any line of business-and I was growing a pretty girl. There, I own it candidly, the reader perceives; and after all, what is the use'of only hinting that I was well.favored, when I know that I actually was pretty? I don't think I was vain of it, I don't think I thought much of the fact even, till Peter came of an early morning or an evening-he preferred the evening at last -=and told me I was the beauty of Drury Lane, and fit to be a duchess, and tried very hard to come round me by his flattering tongue. Peter was trying to come round me, I remember, late one autumn evening, when a a very tall, square-shouldered gentleman plunged with two or three heavy steps into the shop, and said in a quick, deep voice "Is Mr. Clatterbridge in ?" "Mr. Clatterbridge i" I said with a little gasp of pain. "Yes-I should like to see him for a few moments, please." "Oh I would you, though ?" cried Peter with an unfeeling laugh that completely turned me against him then, if I hadn't been completely turned him before; "I don't think you would. old man." 1" ho are you calling old man I" said the other almost fiercely, and Peter grinned again, and said "No offence, I hope." "Oh ! no offence. But can r'-he began again, bowing to me, and then he stopped, seeing a look upon my face which told all the truth perhaps, for he did not repeat his question. Still I answered him. " y father died last spring, sir.". He did not answer at once. He stood with his hands in the pockets of the light overcoat he wore, and seemed to be consider. ing the news. "Indeed r' he said. "Did you come upon any particular business ?" "I wanted to take a subscription for your library, that's all," he answered very quickly now. "Thank you, sir. It's half-a-crown a qoarter." "Here's a year's subscription, then. I think I'll take it by the year," he added, as I looked up surprised. "Very well, sir. What name-and ad. dress?" I said. I treated the matter calmly, but I was excited and elated. With the exception of Mrs. Humphreys, and the bedridden father of Mr. Steane, at the sheep's head manu. factory round the corner, I had no subscrib. era to the library. " What name-and address I" he repeated slowly. "Ohl Brampton- Charing Cross hotel, at present" "Brampton-Charing Cross hotel. Yes, sir." It was a strange address -and a big address-to put down in my little book, but I was still calm over the transaction, looking, as I entered it in my best small hand, as if I were quite used to grand folk subscribing to the Sappho street collection. "Andwhat book will you take, sir?" I asked. "Oh.! I'm not particular. Hlave you got any poetry books I" "W are never asked for poetry- but there -are a few volumes on the top shelf, there." "I'll take one." "Wrhich poet will'- " " Oh it don't matter in the least. They're all in rhyme, I suppose. This will do." He reached a small volume from the shelf to which I had pointed--it was on his side of the counter-and then with a brisk' "good:evening" walked out of the shop. -"That's a queer customer, and no mis take," said Peter; "did you notice how he caught me up ?" '"Yes." I said, very thoughtfully. "A Red Indian I should think he was." " He was rather red." "Fancy a toff at the Charing Cross hotel coming into our street for a book to read. poetry book,' as he called it. My eye." "What's the matter with it, Peter?" "Matter with what!" "Your eye." "Oh i you're always catching me up," said Peter querulously. " You're always hard on me, Kitty. You haven't made up your milnd et, I suppose !" v "' There, don't letus have any nonsense this evening. Here's Mike come to put the shutters up.. Good-night." "Oh I god- night' Asid Pete went away a littlb " tiffed " he always left me in a fretful mood; as a rule, so his manner did not in any way dis. tress me. But the siew subscriber's did. I conuld not get the man out of my head--he troubledme when I began to think-he gave rise to a suspicion even. but that I kept to mysielf, being resolved to wait and let no outward manner of my own betray to him, or any one, what was in my thoughts. He would come again, I was qute certain, and the next evening, at an earlier hour somewhat, and before Peter hiad had what hecalled his last "nip" of whisky for the night, in he came again with his "poetry book under his arm. "I11 trouble you to change this, Miss Clatterbridge," he said, placing the volume upon the counter. "Certainly. What would you like in "e ll, I don't know,". he answered, doubtfully. "What can you recommend?!" "In poetry?" "N-no," he said with a-shadder; "I don't think I11 have any more poetry." "Novels?-I" I sulggested. . : "No-they're not in sny line," he replied. !' How are you off for cookery.boboks ? "Cooke -books l?"-,. 'Yes-they're always amusing. I would have given fifty pounds for a first-rate cook ery-book-a hundred pounds-ten years or so ago," "Indoeed I" "You see, I was in anout-of.the-way part of Australia-with a gold;hunting gang--and the cooking was the trouble of our lives," he explained. "I have always had a great respect for a cookery-book ever since." "I am sorry there is not one in the library." "Oh ! it doesn't matter in the least. I suppose you've a volume of sermons " I looked at him critically. Was he making fun of me and my small surroundings? Was all this part of a weak little joke to em barrass me and pass away his time? Had he no reason-no fair reason-for coming to Sappho street, and had my vivid imaginea tion carried me away? He bore my scrutiny very well, looking back at me with a pair of steady, rather large grey eyes. It was an honest look-not the leer of the prowler or loafer, a look with no sense of fun in it, rather with an expres sion of sadness, kept under by strong will. Altogether it was an earnest, even a hand. some face at which I gazed, despite its stern. ness, hardness,. and the redness that an Australian iun had burned into it. I did not distrust him, but I was sure that the motive for his coming to Sappho street and subscribing to my library had yet to be announced to me, and I fancied I know what the motive would prove to be in time. "I like reaiing sermons, if they're good ones and straightforward. I can call to mind the time when a sermon once did a deal of good-a wonderful deal of good," he re peated; "you would scarcely believe it, knowing what a heap of rubbish there is in sermons generally. But that did- straight away." "I am very glad to hearit. 11 see if- " "Yes-all right. I'm in no particular hurry about the sermons, though-I'll call to-morrow, when you have had time to look the books over. They're a seedy lot of volumes, take them altogether," he added. " Yes, they're old and wornt no'." "You have been here some time, per. haps?" Was he approaching the real motive of his presence at last? I felt my heart beating a little more rapidly, though outwardly I pre served my composure very well. " Yes-a great number of years." "I don't see that. You haven't had a great number of years set down to your account yet." " Well-all the years I have had, then." "Born here!" " Yes-born here." " And your mother and father died here, I epposoe!" e ? ca." "Your father-was he-" He stopped as Peter Humphreys, with a frown, came swaggering into the shop. He looked annoyed at the interruption and frowned too-or at least the grave expres sion of his face took a deeper shade. "Good evening, Kitty," said Peter to me; "quite well, I hope?" "Quite well, thank you." He did not take any notice of M1r. Bramp ton, save to puff the smoke of a very fat cigar at him, and Mir. Brampton did not appear to notice him. "I'll call for the book to- morrow," said my subscriber, and then with a sudden elevation of his hat to me that took me by surprise-for he had seemed of too rough and brusque a texture for the minor courts.e seies of society-he went away. "I don't like that chap," said Peter, before the chap in question had got quite out of the chop. " What is your objection to him ? " "I can see his little game last enough. He's a devilish clever fellow who can get over me, or knows more of the world than I do," he said; "I haven't been walking with my eyes shut all my life, I can tell you." "What is his little game, Peter, do you think ? " "Oh ! you're mighty innocent, like all the girls !" cried Peter with bitter irony; "you can't imagine such a thing, oh dear, no! Well, he's sneaking after you-that's his game." "Is it !" I replied. "Is it !" he repeated angrily; "yes, you know it is. What's a fellow like that want skulking down this beastly, slummy neigh borhood for?-what does he want subsecrib ing for twelve months to those broken backed, dog's-cared, trumpery old books He won't humbug me with his excuses, and he won't come here much longer interfering with me, either. Mark my words, now." This was assuming a right over my actions and over the management of my business that was unwarrantable, and though I had my own doubts of the bona jfde nature of Mr. Brampton's subscription, I did not feel called upon to express them very clearly to Peter Humphrays. "It's no Iusiness of yours, at all events, Peter, whether.he comes or not, or what he comes for," I said'several. "I beg your pardon-but it is my busi ness," he replied. " I am not aware of it." "I'm not going to be cut out by a fellow old enough to be your father, just because ho's passing himself off as a tellff," cried Peter more warmly still. " I'm not going to be chucked over like an olt glove, and have that beefy-faced cove lolloping here just when it suits him. I'll kill him first. I'll kill anybody who comes here after you. Blest if I don't!" "Peter, you have been drinking, or you would never talk like this," I cried indig. nantly. "I m not going to have you encourage that chap. I "Peter-go home directly. You're not sober, I'm sure. I shall run into your father's if you insult me any more." Peter was afraid of his father, who was volcanic also, although there was a method in his ravings which at times could be heard half down Sappho street, and occasionally brought a few score of inquisitive people round the shop door. And he always raved over the delinquencies of his son and heir, whose complete disinheritance he threatened regularly twice a month. " I have said my say i" Peter remarked inelegantly, "and if he comes here much oftener, he'll be found weltering in his gore; that's all." (To be conhinued.) 