SUMMARY FOR EUROPE. The mails for England and the Continent via Torres Straits will leave to-day for tranship ment to the R.M.S. Camorta, at Keppel Bay, and we therefore place, as usual, our summary of local news since the departure of the Roma last month. , As previously stated the Ministerial pro gramme furnished very little of actual local in- : terest to this town, but Parliament has had - b&Jore; it several measures of more than usual I Interest to the district, chief among which may be reckoned the proposed repeal of the 'Ooolic Act,' a law passed in 1862 to in troduce Coolie labor into the colony for planta tion purposes. The introduction of Coolies is being very generally opposed throughout t.his district, where a strong preference in favor of j Polynesian labor exists, if only from the fact that its fullest evils arc known, and what social changes the Coolie may introduce our people are practically ignorant of. Moreover, em ployers in this district are only just approach ing the means for an adequate supply of Poly nesians, and those interested in cheap, labor are slow to favor a new course for providing it while the old is in full swing and promises to work better. Another matter of importance now receiving the consideration of the Legis lature is a new Immigration Act. We can scarcely point to a single industry or factory in the town or vicinity that is flourishing to that full measure which an adequate supply of white labor would ensure. The Government intend, that in the ensuing 12 months 10,000 Immi- ' giunts shall leave Great Britain or the continent for Queensland, and, though late, this news is Jmiled with joy by our many employers of skilled labor and artisans. The arrival af tbe ' Western Monarch' this week with her living freight of 427 souls will only for a brief period of time allay our greed for white labor, caused i by the strain of work in our factories and 4;he increase, year by year, of land placed under , tillage. The Chamber of Commerce has been ex tremely active in laying before Parliament our several wants with regard to railways. The i preliminary survey for a branch line ? to Gayn dah via Kilkivan is now being pushed ahead, and a permanent survey 'is promised when the former is completed. The Government are being pressed to commence operations on this line as soon as possible, and the advantage of continuing it to some place on the Southern and Western line is also being urged. Govern ment has also been asked for surveys for rail ways from the Burrum line to Bundaberg, and also from this town to Pialba ; this latter, how- j ever, has been looked upon with little favor by the Government, and is one for which we can afford to wait, and meanwhile use our efforts to attain those of more importance. The extension of the rails from the new wharves, along the bank of the river balf- a-mile or so, to Ramsay and Co's. sawmill is now only a matter of time, and we 6hall shortly hare ail our wliarves enjoying railway communication. TJie Burrum line is now, though not opened, eligible for traffic to the river of that name. Much indignation has been expressed of late at the small heed taken by the Government to the welfare of our harbour an driver. As a sop to allay these grumblings we were given to un derstand that patch-work operations will shortly be entered upon at the Heads in the shape of dredging sufficient to allow of vessels of all ton nage to pass in. At the request of our local Members, the Government have agreed to have!a fresh surrey of thebarricrat the Heads, known as the Black Rock, and the reduction of which, to meet requirements, a fprmcr survey had esti mated would cost £40,000. However, an effi cient survey of the. Black Rock is now being carried out. The removal of this rock will save much future expense, as its presence is a per petual cause of silting up of sand at tho very; 6pot where the Government propose to carry out thoir.niake-shift improvements. We are I liappj nevertheless to be able to 6ay that the I new steam dredge Saurian is now ready for ' work, and that she lias been put on commission to dredge the flats below Dundathu ; a favor from the Government which is only our right, but which is looked at with greedy eyes bj the conservators of several of our Northern rivers. The tug which is to attend on tbe Saurian, also being built at Messrs. Walker and Co's. yards, will not be in readiness for a few months, but her assistance is not immediately needed, as the Saurian is 6clf- propclling and -can be tendered by one of the hopper barges now available. The question of dealing with theMarjtorough School of Arte, as to selling a portion of the land, on which it is situated, or leasing it, or in fact anyLhing that may bring money into tho coffers of the Committee, with a view to making the institution more of the nature of a Museum, has obcupicd two meetings and now stands .ad journed 'for fortnight more, .when tho impor tanee'of the subject will have had time to filter into tlhc minds of our citizens, and it is to be hoped tHiat they will bo prepared to strong! « * oppose the selling of any of this central property i during the present preliminary rising in valuo i of laua in this town. It may bo interesting to .know that for its frontage of ICO feet £60 a feot jwakofferod at the meeting. There can be no doubt that tho land will double or even treble its present value in the course of a year or so. While touching on the price of land, an idea may be gained from the fact tliat 10' .allotments liv^ tlic Croydon Estate, near, tho railway liijc, soitte two* miles' from tho Tost Ofli:c, realised £2837, and that private holders of property in^ ^ ?the town 'Wo^ery 'shy of parting [ having no ' doubt in view a greatly, enluiuced value of their property at no distant time. . , ; J ^So largo isxuriown that it is jiow a difficult matter to lay before tho public in a few words the many improvements that aro being carried on to completion. . The new Grammar School for girls is now a fine feature among the publie buildings, ' and will wo bcliere, though not entirely finished, be in readiness for the pupils after the Xtnas vacations. On the Saltwater Creek road a new Primary School is now finished. The new Infant School, near the Central School, a credit alike to the town and to the builders, Messrs. G. and E. Negus was .formally /handed Jover to . the Go vernment Inspector this week, and will he ' house warmed' to-day wjth an entertainment given by the children, under tho direction of Mrs. Cantrell, whoso energy in these matters knows no bounds. In Adelaide- street tho gaps are being' filled up, notably those where a fire recently occurred at the corner of Kent-street, where five brick buildings are going up to the order of Mr; Williams.- IntHe'uAun street Mr. Stupart's large odifice lias now attained dimen sions which give a clue to the magnitude of the intended result, wliile the A. J. S. Bank pre mises are being pulled down to make way for a larger and finer edifice more in keeping with its rivals, a hint which might be taken by the owners of ether somewhat insignificant build ings. We can congratulate some of our suburban citizens at the cxteusion of postal delivery to their doors, and look forward to a time when it will be eyen more general. Writing of postal matters summons up a host of grievances. anent our occiu mail service, which hero we have no room to enlarg on. The long sought for Telephone Exchange, now that the requisite sum of £320 per annum has, been guaranteed to the Government, will shortly be a settled means of quick communica*^ tion throughout the town. At no distant date we shall witness the much' vaunted electric light, for Messrs. Ramsay, and Co. and Messrs. Wilson,5Hart, & Co. are now get ting out- the necessary appliances to producejthis superb illuminator. ' It is not then astonishing that with all these signs of improvement that, the necessity for a thorough system of street conveyancing should have suggested itself to the minds of some of our shrewd citizens, and within the past month an Omnibus and Tram way Company has been formed, which will soon be enabled to meet a long-fglt in this somewhat scattered town of ours. Many half-yearly and annual meetings have^ been held by the governing bodies of the several local public institutions that flourish in our - midst r notably the Maryborough Building 1 Society, Gas and Coke Company, Farmers and Planters' Association, School of Arts, etc., all of which, together with other minor societies which go far towards hinging together our social : fabric, have proved to be in a most solvent con dition financially, and in most cases show an increased interest taken in them by tho public. In local mining affairs, though last month we reported many interestirg discoveries near us, yet owing to enquiries and the necessary delays in forming companies and getting samples assayed notliing definite has been arrived at. At Gympie the field is maintaining its last month's promises and results, and if anything mining shares have a rising tendency in that quarter. The estimates furnished by the Government shew a gross yield of 65,352 ounces from 30,066 tons of stone for 1881, being quite one-third more than the previous year. ? A recent crush ing of 236 tons from the North Glanmire pro duced GOG ounces, 'which satisfactory, yield was 150 ounces more than was expected by the most eauguinc, and many 'other mines are reported to be in a fair, way ? to giving good returns at crushing. There is a project to push ahead the Calgour Copper Company, to work the cupri ferous treasure known lo abound in that mine, with a capital of £45,000. We arc not able to report the fulfilment of our sanguine hopes that this winter would pass by us without our .feeling the uncanny grip of oid father frost. 'As if he liad reserved his forces for an unusual effort, the last month has been characterised by a series of cold nights with frost of unparalleled severity, reducing the sugar crops in the vicinity to a sorry plight, though luckily it has come so late as not to materially reduce the anticipated year's output, but it is feared no cane will be fit to be left over for the 1883 crushing. As low a temperature as 30° Fahr. was registered at Yengarie. Here, how ?ever, the question of ' labour-supply crops up again, and it is a great cause for regret that owing to the foundries not being supplied with sufficient skilled hands many acres of canc awaiting the presence of machinery have suffered, . The coal fields at the Burrum continue to command much healthy attention. The several working shafts now being put down have already struck wealthy seams. In the Whitley shaft, on the Queensland Coal Company's property, a fine 6cam 5ft. thick has been struck, - and which practical geologists consider identical with the splendid seam recently uncovered on Mr. Walsh's property on the other side of the .Burrum river. These and other discoveries indicate the inexhaustible nature of the Burrum coal-field. Pubh'c confidence in the future of the field was shown at a sale this week, of allot ments in Mr. Walsh's township, contiguous to the railway and the Burrum river. All the lots ofl'cred were readily sold and averaged the fine price of £70per acre. The township of Howard, adjacent to the Queensland Coal Co.'s property, is also highly valued, and trade there is daily improving. The public health is ' one of the matters on which wc are happily to be congratulated. At the annual general meeting of the'Hospital the medical officer's report showed deaths in the institution during the -year to be only 14in number, or 5'86 per cent., and Polynesians 39, or 291 per cent. Tbe number of patients ad mitted 393, outpatients 163, total 556. Steps are being taken' to secure a portion o'f the police paddock for the purpose of building a new Hos pital, a want wliiph, if not; immediately. felt,, is anticipated. The Government are also about to ercct a Hospital for Polynesians., So obvious arc the benefits which will accruo from such a work that comment on it is hardly Accessary, save that the internal management of the insti tution is occupying the rni^ds of several of the planters and those interested. As far as amusements go wc have lately had no reason to complain. A great treat was af forded us by the Liliputian Opera Company, whose effective rendering of ' Les Cloches do Cornville' will be remembered for many a day by*MBrrb:.rough audicnccs. Professor Pepper was the next to ungle with his highly intellectual and amusing bait for applause at ' the Town Hall, when his world-renowned ghost stalkod abroad as ever. This entertainment was fol lowed by Mr. Maccabe, who has been prevented giving us all we wanted on tho occasion of his ili6t visit through an unfortunate accident, but he is now drawing largo houses with liis clever and versatile performances. As a concomitant to our annual races a fancy dress ball took place, and was voted to-be without exception the most brilliant and successful ball ever held in Mary borough. A singularly pleasant meeting took placc a fortnight ago, at the Town Hall, at which1 em ployers and employees and all connected with the ironworks in the town sat down to a ban quet together. Toasts were enthusiastically re ceived, showing .the good feeling existing be- . tween masters and workmen. This mattcr, how ever, brings us round to a decidcd blotch in tho otherwise smooth surface of our social com plexion. Wc refer to a general strike amopg the, sawmill workmen 'in the town and vicinity, . Happily the struggle has been begun and ended within the month, and now all the sawmills ore ? ? ? ? ? 1 ? ^ ? : at work, but with a change v-tho cffoetiSbf'qtljcs ;i striko— -from 10 hours , to 9 hours' wo'rk^tjho , mon still receiving thoi^ nriginal lO hours'^ pay. - Thus, happily, our first jBtrikg, and wh^t weanay * hope will bo for a long jSmeWrljastta .oUprl \ ^ ^ Tho Right Rev. Bish6p Halo is expected bore ^ on tho 27th instant, when it is understood -ie will hold confirmation at the Anglican Church. Revival s^vitts {ire taking place this, \rook in' - connocti(fo»wHh'*tho Weslcyan Cliuroh| and tho Congregational Church inteud holding their anniversary pn fchn 9*1 ih jnafjipfc, ^ Wc hope we shall not shock tho feelings of this^iurch-M^ng^opiimimty if-yre take horse; racitogCiorJSii rneft.Siibjeofc. ' In Sporting, as indanfl in nrutrlj „ OYCrything-~el£6,~--thlg month lias shone conspicuous. The annual races of tho M.T.C. came off on Thursday the 20th and Saturday 22nd, the intervening day being too wet to allow of any work being done. The meet would undoubtedly have been the best over witnessed in Maryborough had it not been for tbe inccsssnt raui that so effec tively marred anything like satisfactory results. Ccrtaiuly never before has tho Maryborough sporting turf been honored with so many reput able strangers. The Town Plate, 70 sovs., was won by Mr. Mooney's Rioter. The M.T.O. Handicap, 100 sovs., was won by Mr. J. Hay garth's Centurion, after a good race, by a neck from Mr. Lillis' Pomona. At tho settling up Mr. Mooney took £206 and Dr. Power £155 in prize money. In rowing matters for the past month we have no reason to be ashamed of ourselves, thanks to the strict course of training undergone by our champion crew, Messrs. Willmot, B. Bartholo mew, Fetherstone, and Foster, since their victory over the Brisbane crew at tho Birthday Regatta. The Rockhampton Regatta came off on the 1st instant, . and , in;, the .event of. tho day Mary borough :waB f represented by the 'above crew, who, against no mean foes, retained their fonner laurels by winning the £25 trophy, open to all comers, in string-test outrigger gigs. We cannot let reference to the above victory pass by without once more referring to the gene rosity and manly feeling displayed by their, op ponents and the people of Bockhompton on the occasion of the visit. Wc can promise the Rockhamptonites a cordial reception should they come amongst us at any time to wrest away the championship/ The second event, for the Hurley cup and championship of the Mary, was pulled for on tho 29lh July, and C. F. Barton's victory proyed somewhat of& surprise to those who had pinned tlieir faith on M(Watters, the winner on the 24th June. The third event on 26th instant however, which will probably decide the matter, will be watchod with unusual interest. In matters personal we have to record, with regret, the demise pf some-valued jresidentif)in the district, Viz., Mr. David TCefly, of Glenbarr station ; Air. G. T. Watson, a retired merchant and familiarly and deservedly known as the ' poor man's friend' j Mr. Samuel Johnston, the pioneer sugar- planter at Miva; and Mr. John Simpson, keeper of Sandy Cape light house. - : The f last ;two -were unfortunately ^the result of painful accidbhtB. We h'avc also news of the death of Mr. James Menzies, of the local firm of Miller and Menzies, while on a voyage to London. ' i :? . j . . 