MELBOURNE, (from, our own correspondent.) Friday Evening. In reference to a paragraph which appears in one of this morning's Melbourne papers, reflecting on the conduct of the Attorney General ii appointing Dr. M'Inerney, as one of the revisers of the code of laws, I ftlli officially informed that the statements then made are entirely erroneous. It appears tint so far from the appointment having oH .inated while the notorious Gratt.m ad dress W!ls under discussion in theL gislative Assembly, the names of the proposed rovis [iiff barristers had been selected by Dr. Heara himself some days before the docu ment was heard of in public, and were already in type when the discussion was initiated. In making the selection, Dr. Hearn was guided solely by the question of fitness for the work, and the names chosen, including Dr., M'Inerney's, were those of gentlemen who had previously been asso ciated with him in his scheme of codification. All that Sir Bryan O'Loghlen did was to »ive his formal sanction to Dr. Hearn's proposals. , t , As some surprise has been expressed at tiie absence frotii town diiririg the present political complication of tli - hon. meniber for Belfast, ;Sir John O'Shanassy, I may men tion for the information of your readers that that gentleman was suddenly called away (jn Wednesday td attehd tlie funeral of the iiile Mr. Shtiiialiaiij a squatter in the St. Arnand district, and an old friend and rela tive by marriage. Sir John will probably be back in Melbourne to-night or to-morrow, and will, no doubt, be quite prepared to watch the progress of affairs with a keen eye to the section of the community of whose vie«;s lie is sb generally regarded as the poli tical exponent; . . 1 learn that the Minister of Railways has approved of plans for the improvements at the Ararat and Maryborough railway sta tions. The. work at the former place is to cost i'o.OOO; aiid,lit the latter. £15,000. The old Maryborough station is io be replaced by a new one, and there is to be crected in con nection with it an engine-shed, capable of holding 25 engines. _ The Australian Coursing Meeting was broughtto a conclusion to-day. Mr. Wagner's fiW. b Proserpine by Oharon—Elsa, Won the Australian Clip, tlie deciding .gourde, lying between her dhd Mr. CidQper 3 Eingilsliei* by Wheft—Royal Arine;. The purse was won by Mr. R. L. Tooth's Teddingtonj beating Mr. T. Hood's.Bellona; .. . . . , . , An inquest was Held b'y .Dr. Oandler.at tiie morgue to-day, on tlie body of Patrick Barrett, the unfortunate policeman, who was knocked down aud instantaneously killed yesterday by a passing train at the Balman railway crossing, Richmond. >. The jury f'ninda verdictof accidental death, but,added • " rider" to the effect that safer arraiige • .lit? were required at. the crossing, where : he deceased met with his death. Theiin f ■rtiinato constable was d teetotaller, but • viiiir to want of sleep, consequent on. nurs ing his sick wife, it is thought his sight was iiii' cted, and lie did riot notice the approach I.r" thi' train. , ... . ' ' * , It has been decided, td ask the Go^erniiient to place ;i stini of £3,000 On the e*tinia e3 to be divided between the two grandchildren of •John Batman. " Saturday Evenidg. . The trial of Mr. John Smart, for marrying, n woman with the knowledge that she had a husband living, has resulted in the convic tion of the accused. The defence pat for-' wiwd by Mr. Purves in a eleven speech, was t'wt the woman Mary Ann Lane, with whom tlif accused went through the form of a mar ri ye at a registry office, was a designing a ' viMit'vess, who, when Smart was binder the iniluctice of drink, induced him' tci marry her hi order that she might afterwards be in a position to extort money from him by throats of exposure. Ho also contended ttat there was no proof whatever that Smart knotf that the woman had ever been legally married, although she represented herself-to he a Mrs. Masom The jury declined to ac cept any thtwv) and as I stated before, con victed the accused, who was remanded for ■s.iitence. The barque Blackwall, from Burnvfel's Inlet to this port, is in A Vara tali, being dis masted. iShe was picked up l;y the steamer Gazolle, off Oape Liptrap, and towed into ■ thebaj'. The tug Rescue lias been engaged to bring the disabled barque to Melbourne. The officers and middies of the Japanese 1 warship Tasukubo, ara frequently ts be seen idiiiut the streets. They do not express iiuich surprice at what is to be seen in the city, but take things in a matter of course f"rt of manner. They appear, however, to have .1 strong leaning towards shopping, and Lwierally take a package of something or "ther on board with them as a souvenir of he shove, - In connection with the intercolonial ploughing mutch which is to take place next month near Melbourne, Dr. Plummer, the chairman of the committee, has taken steps to have two suggestions carried out that have lately appeared in the agricultural columns of the Leader. These were that inducements should be offered in order to bring to- gether the various cultivators, scarifying harrows, and other implements used in till- age, besides ploughs, and that Mr. W. J. Clarke's steam ploughing plant should also be shown in operation. Dr. Plummer has communicated with Mr. Joseph Clarke, who promises to do his best to have the plant shown in full work ; and arrangements are also in progess by which a general competition for tillage implements other than ploughs will also take place. These additions will render the gathering one of great interest and use- fulness to the agricultural community. A claim in Ballarat East is said to be haunted. An apparition, in figure a man, and in antics a mischievous school-boy, has from time to time visited this claim at mid- night, variously, during the past two or three years, and (says the Courier) entertained the men on the premises at the time of its visits by means of a brick bombardment with rocks, and its own sudden and mysterious disap- pearance whenever chased. The men did at first take much notice of these visits, but the manner in which the visitor eludes discovery or capture has been too much for their equanimity. The wizard bombardier does not, like the perturbed spirit of Hamlet's father, walk the night with regularity, and seem inclined to speak, but comes irregularly and heaves stones, and has not yet been en- countered by the men who would just like to get their hands on it once. The miners have chased it often, but at the moment they are overtaking it, it suddenly disappears until some of them begin to think that it is the devil himself that is worrying them so. Their eager pursuit after this will-o'-the-wisp has resulted in their hatching the wrong man more than once, only discovering the mistake in time for the captive to escape a belabor- ing. It is an exhilarating sight to see half a dozen men scampering over the the mullock heaps round the claim, yelling, and in grate- ful exclamations, wishing the visitor where the wraith of the Prince of Denmark's papa passed his days according to his own most veracious time-table for daily and nightly occupation. It must be a joyous time for the Ballarat East ghost, seeing it so far has escaped any penalty, but if this meets its eye it will do well to take a bit of advice—keep out of the way of the miners as carefully as of yore. If they fairly get the spirit once, it will be unrecognisable by its own family circle for some time after- wards , or their magnamity will be memorable. ,i ;'u'--;f'WVs Balsam of Hohkiiotoo.—No ,1"1 so quickly cures Coughs, Bronchitis, *, lma, Shortness of Breath and Weak ■'est, as this "Balsam. Excellent in whoop 1 j cougti. -Yery safe and efficacious fnr "i-usm. One dose gives instant relief. Its ' 'aionaluse greatly strengthens both chest ? Yulcc- Sold by all chemists and store keepers. f ■ ■ •••••• 