FOOTBALL. Border United v. Ohiltern. by drofkiok The second meeting of the above clubs came off last Saturday on the Oorowa Cricket-ground, when the Borderers again showed their superiority over the Chil- ternese by winning the game easily ; kicking six goals and twenty-one behindB against their opponents' one behind. Tho day was not a pleasant one tor foot bail, as Beveral showerB fell during the play, rendering the bail very wet and slippery and, in consequence, very hard to hold. Notwithstanding their dis advantage, there was some very good individual play shown, notably by Con nelly, Slattery, Clark and WorthingteD, who all played in grand form all through the match. Chivell, whe captained the Border, won the tosB ; and S. Travers, who did like duty for Chiltern, kicked off ; play being started abont 3 o'clock. It was evident from the start the game would be an uninteresting one from a spectator's point of view, as Chiltern had not a ghost of a chance of winning ; the Border men beiDg too fleet and strong, fairly beating their opponents in every department ofthegame ; and although the other team worked like Trojans to avert a defeat, they found it impossible to do 60, and had to acknowledge themselves completely beaten. Immediately after the ball was kicked off, it was taken to the Chiltern goal, when the Borderers had several shots for goal ; bnt owing to the wet state of the ball, it was difficult to steer the leather straight, eo that nothing came of. the tries but behinde, and the Border men were beginning to think it would be a repetition of the late Albury match — all trie3 and no goals. How ever, about half-an-hour after the game had begun, Donnelly broke the monotony by kicking a goal for the Border ; the ball being brought nearly the length of the ground by a succession of marks ; Slattery, Worthington, Cams and Don nelly showing some fine play. Kicked off by Travers, the ball was at once rushed back, and the Chiltern goal was again in danger ; Clark, Donnelly and Woribingtou proving too much for the Chiltern backs, though they were playing a good uphill game. Tubb particularly distinguished himself; while Hodgson and Travers also played in fine form. Shortly before half-time, Donnelly again did the needful by placing the second goal to the credit of his side from a very neat drop-kick, about 40 yards from the sticks. Chiltern now rallied up, and getting the ball up the wing kicked their first and only behind. At half-time the game stood — Border, two goals and nine bebinds ; Chiltern, one behind. Unfor tunately for Chiltern, just before half- time, Tubb, in jumping for a mark, hurt his kuee and bad to retire ; Chiltern thereby losing the services of a good man, though the Border allowed them to play a substitute. The second part of the game needs very little description, as the locals had it all their own way ; the visitors not having a ska-tow of a show. The game ended by the Border kicking six goals and twenty-one bebinds, against cno b.-hind for Chiltern. It i3 only fair io the visitors !o state that they had haif-a-di zen mrn in their team altogether too small to play a hard game of football against such a team as the Border. For the home team, Donnelly, Clark, Wor thington, LeviD, Barr, Carns and D. Oswald played in good form, as did also J. Levin, A. Thomson end Loach, three new players. Tnbb, Travers, Hodgson and little Gilmore played well for Chil tern. Mr J. Donnelly gave every satis faction as field umpire. 