Gilligan's Ghost. A Reminiscence of the Easteii Camp. By P. L. M. ' I'll wager none of ye ever heard of Gilligan's Ghost !' The occasion was the recent Easter encampment for the annual training of the military forces of the colony. The time was about 10.30 p.m. on Easter Sunday night, and the locality was the marquee of a field-officer, wherein a number of his comrades had assembled to pass away a social hulf hour. We had been discussing men and measures in that spirit of good-fellowship inspired by a glass of genuine whisky and the soothing accompaniment of a pipe of tobacco when suddenly the conversation passed into a somewhat gloomy channel. Poor L — , a much-beloved brothei -officer of the corps, had been taken from us by the ' fell sergeant, Death,' since the previous training. He had been for years asso ciated with the battalion, and had deservedly gained the regard of every one connected with it. For many years no volunteer assemblage had taken place without his participa tion, and now that he was no more the Easter celebration only the more vividly recalled to us his well remembered visage and kindly deportment. Some one in the little party made a remark touchinc his absence from us, and after a short conversation in which the good qualities of the de ceased gentleman were much eulogised, it was observed that perhaps, for aught we knew, he might be present with us in the spirit— he might be hovering in our midst in that very tent. This was rather an uncomfortable suggestion at that hour of the night, even fortified as we were by force of numbers and the flask of whisky ; and a somewhat disagreeable pause ensued, which was broken by the remark, adopted as a prefatory heading, namely, ' I'll wager none of ye ever beard of Gilligan's Ghost !' The speaker was Captain O'Flaherty, as jovial a com panion and incorrigible a jester as ever hailed from the ' green isle.' Bis quips and cranks, like Yorick's, were ' wont to keep the table in a roar ;' and his eccentricities of style, and ready fund of repartee, made his company much courted — doubtless they will do so on many future occasions. This evening, however, he had seemed somewhat preoccupied and pensive, and had spoken little prior to his making the startling observation before alluded to. We all disclaimed any acquaintance with the shade of the late Mr. Gilligan ; and begged for some further explanation, which readily enough O'Flaherty afforded to the following tenor— saving that my recollection of the narrative must fall very far short in point of the Hibernian humour with which the original was studded. ' I was born in the pleasant little village of Ballyknock Emithereen, in a wildish part of the weet of Ireland, where matters were somewhat unsettled, and the titheproctors and | gangers, process-servers, and revenue officers were regarded as lawful game by the primitive and peaceful peasantry. Many queei things I've seen there, only it's not of myself I'm going to discourse at present, but of Gilligan's Ghost ' Tim Gilligan was what's called a ranger, and used to be mostly in the wood, where he looked after the timbpr. and for that purpose he earned a ilttle chopper in his belt, eo as he could do any trimming or felling that was needful. Now it chanced that one night Tim had an odd dream. He thought his brother, who lived in the town of Whaok ! lashinsout, about five and twenty miles away, and whom be | hadn't seen for many years, appeared to him, and told him 1 bat be was on the point cf death, and would like to see him. ! Gilligan to be sure was rather upset by this, but after \- all, a dream is only a dream, and may be produced by taking; I your potheen too weak, or falling into the vulgar error of i not 'taking enough. And so you see Gilligan dismissed the ! matter from his mind, and went about his work as usual. : But next night he dreamt the same thing again ; more by token, his brother told him he hadn't but a short time to live and must see him before he died, and there was no time to lose, whatever ; and besides, if Tim didn't take the warn i ing and start at once he would have bad luck befal him. I 'Well, this made Tim Gilligan very thoughtful, and! j says ho to his wife, aft- r he told her the dream, ' Mary acushla, if I get any other sign to-day I'll start at once, for it doesn't do to fly in the face of Providence.' So with that he takes his chopper and goes off to his work as usual, though his wife would have persuaded him not to delay but to get away to Whacklaehinsout ; but he wouldn't, for he said all those signs came always by threes, and he'd wait foe the third before he'd stir. 'About a week after that a dead body was found floating in the river. It was a good bit decomposed, and the fiehes hod been at it too, but there was no difficulty in identifying it as Tim Gillian's, more especially by the clothing, and the chopper in the belt, marked with his name. And when 1he widow heard of it ehe said 'twas certainly a stroke oE Providence on the mistortunate creature for not taking warniijg by his dreams, and going away to his brother's bedside. ' We had no coroners in that district — people were not 60 civilised tbenas the Land Leaguers have made them since, so nil we could do was just to make inquiry into the occur rence ; after which we waked poor iim, and buried hini decmily, and eo more was thought about it, for indeed in them parts people thought as little or killing a man as of killing a ticut, and whether Tim drowned himself for diversion, or someone else drowned him for devilment no body bothered much to inquire. ' Now it appeared that for some time previous the widow Gillipan had been much regarded by a fellow named Clancy, and it would seem that she must have had a sneaking kind ness for Clancy herself. Anyway it wasn't long after the funeral before* Clancy up and asked her to marry him, and whatever she Eaid it couldn't have been ' no,' for off goes Clancy to the priest, Father Tom Duffy, to have the knot tied between himself and the widow. Father Tom thought it was rather indecent so soon after Gilligan's untimely end, and he said so to him, and he said so to her, but seeing they were bent on it anyway, he consented. We were not nasty particular about trifles in that neighbourhood. So the mar riage was celebrated ; but I must tell you that first of all, the priest told Clancy that he had a mind for a particular fat pig belonging to his intended, and he hinted that this would do instead of a fee. Clancy was only too glad to consent to this, for ready money was by no means plentiful, so he said there was no hurry, and when he wanted the pig he'd send for him ; and that same day he married them. ' Soon afterwards queer things began to happen. The first we heard was of a young tellow named Doolan, that had taken it into his head to have a little diversion at the expense of his neighbours. So what does he do, but he gets a big turnip and scoops it out, and cuts holes to repre sent eyes, nose, and mouth, puts a lighted candle inside, sticks it on a pole, and wraps a Bheet under it. Then he takes this elegant contrivance to a lonely place near the bury ing-ground, and looks out for some one to frighten with it. He hadn't been waiting long; when he sees a figure coming along through the dim twilight, so he fixes up his apparition and gives a most unearthly moan. But divil a bit was the foot-passenger frightened ; he just strode up and calls out, ' Pat Doolan, drop that, ye great omathaun ; d'ye think to frighten me with it 'r ' ' ' Ow, whow, whillelew, murther ! ' yells Pat ; and no man ever gave up the ghost as quick as he did, nor ran half as fast afterwards. For who should the new comer be but 'iim Gilligan, that every one believed bad been put away quietly under the sod ! ' Off goes Pat Doolan and tells tho story to every one he met ; but, of course, they all laughed at him, more by token that he was known to be a hare-brained spalpeen that said everything but his prayers, and them he whistled. But, lebold you, the same evening, about 10 o'clock, ropes a great knocking at the cabin, formerly Gilligan's, where now Mr. and Mrs. Clancy lived* ?Who's there?' calls out Clancy. 'Tis me!' says a voice. ' Lord betune us an' ayvil,' screams the woman ; 1 that's Tim Gilligan's voice.' ' To be sure it is,' saya the ghost ; ' and why am I kept out of my own cabin, and who've ye got in there t' ' Millia murther,' says the late Mrs. Gilligan, 'the unaisy sowl has come to haunt me for marryiu' again so soon after his death.' And ehe takes a fit. 'Faix then,' says the ghost, 'ye'll find that I'll haunt ye to some purpose, and the bosthoon ye've got there too, whin I come in.' ' But, indeed, the divil a bit would they let me in ; for they thought, wisely enough, that, ghost or no ghost, he'd be a very awkward visitor just then. So, as after a bit they didn't hear the voice any more, they concluded that tho spectre had retired to its grave for the night. Next morn ing at daybreak the priest's servant came for the pig, and finding that the Clancys were not stirring he went over to the fcty for the boneen, knowing that it was all arranged, when lo ! just bb he was about taking the beast, he hears Tim Gilligan calling out, ' Why, ye impident bog trotter, is it come to steal my pig ye are?' And there was Tim Gilligan himself right forninst him ! Off he goes, bellowing like a bull, rushes into the village, upsetting eveiy one right and left that came in his road, and roaring that Gilligan's ghost was going about. ' Well, what with this and what with Pat Doolan's story the previous evening, folks began to feel mighty scared entirely. However, the climax was reached that same morning ; for, whilst Father Tom was celebrating early Djass in the chapel, in walks the ghost, right up the centre aiele. Never was such a scene witnessed in the chapel before ! The men bolted, the women screeched and fainted, and there was a regular hurroo. For to see a man that was drowned, and identified, and waked, and buried walk coolly into the place, just as if he came to ask for the rites of the church, was rather discomposing, as I think you'll all admit. However, the priest stood his ground without flinching, though he turned a little pale ; and, when the apparition comes nigh, he makes the sign and commences, 1 Lxorcibo te in nomine ? ' ' * Not an exciseman at all, at all, yer riv'rence,' eaye tie other, « but only Tim Gilligan.' ' ? Arn't ye dead, then f ' says the priest. 11 ? Not a bit of me,' says Gilligan. ' Well, when the priest began to consider, he 6aid plainly enough lhat the figure was too substantial for a ghost— more betoken that a ghost would hardly salute the altar and per foiin his duties, as Gilligan did directly. ' To make a long story short, his explanation was this : On the day he left home, he met a man in the forest, who told him that he came from his brother, who sure enough was dangerously ill, and wished to see him ; and that not a moment wa6 to be loBt, as Tim's brother was in extremism Of course Tim yielded at once, but he was for going home to change his clothes and put on his best frieze suit. How evir, the sti anger persuaded him from this too, offering to change clothes with him, so that he mightn't be delayed, and to go to Gilligan's at once to tell Mrs. Gilligan where her husband had gone. So at last Tim consented, and they changed clothes then and there, and Tim gave him his chop* per to take home, and away he went. Then you see what a chapter of accidents occurred. Tim was delayed two or thiee weeks seeing his brother's funeral and looking after his affairs ; the other man gets drowned, and being in Tim's clothes and with Tim's chopper, and the body being as I said before, rather decomposed, is taken for Tim's, and all the other things I told you about happened. 'It was mighty vexatious altogether for poor Tom Gilhgan; and it wasn't long before he left the place and emigrated for America; and I've never heard of him since.' theF^What'6y--UrmOral-O'*lalierty?' kiuired one of ,i,il f h.eT?°ral !'v Mplied CaPtein O'Flaherty demarely, 'is this. ♦Never change your clothes with strangers, aad don t g,ve them your property to mind if it's got yonr naiie on it. Don t pay too much regard to warnings or dream* ; ooi. t niairy other men's wives: and don't talk about matti-r« ye don't understand.' ' 