CRICKET. PARLIAMENT v. PRESS mac uie J'.on. j, L. .Parsons suoubt nave oaa/i absent from the Typographical Society's dinner o a ■Saturday, November 4, and should have given as 1 by — tors m the annual struggle between tho Parliament; and the Press, and also pointed to the earnest spirit in -which the opposing eleven were bent upon enter ing the lists against their gallery companions of the fourth estate. Pope said— "The judge to dance his brother sergeants call, The senators at cricket urge the bail" And in pursuance of their ancient custom, which has prevailed, as far as can he ascertained, since the commencement of the eighteenth century, members of Parliament are continually to be met with in the cricket-field, while in later times, in most parts of the world at least, eleven of their number come for ward once a year to try conclusions with eleven of those gentlemen who have watched anil reported on their stern senatorial duties from tho reporters' ?alkry. Though not so ancient an institu tion as in other colonies, the annual cricket match, Parliament v. Press, in South Aus tralia has now come to be regarded with a considerable amount of interest, and always attracts a goodly numbers of spectators to ths Adelaide Oval. It cannot, of course, be coatended that first-class cricket it exhibited on cither side. Long debates and late boms preclude the possibility of practice, and without practice cricket, like almost everything else, cannot be artistically expomded. The public, however, tied a certain charm in the battfe between our lawmakers and ourselves, just as in other countries they crowd to.see the cricket ma tch between actors and jockeys, one arm players and one leg players, bound to occur, and at time3 tho play is a trifle "off color," yet a feeling of such thorough friendliness and good liumor characterises the game, and so much interest is manifested in the individuality of the leading players, that the match i3 always hound to ho a success a3 it is also always bound to be produc tive of a lot of amusement-. In order to enable gentlemen holding Government appointments to witness the match a half-holiday was given in honor of the occasion, and though the attendance was hardly as large as the fine weather and the impor tance of the match warranted, yet a numerous sprinkling of the general public was present, and the semi-completed new igrand stand had a fair com plement of spectators when wickets Were pitched at a quarter to 2 o'clock, conspicuous among whom were a bevy of fair damsels, in cool summer costume, who stayed during the afternoon, and who evidently took a lively interest in tbe result of the contest. Prior to the commencement of hostilities a reeherch6 luncheon, served up by Mr. Beach in the new saloon underneath the stand, was dis cussed by the opposing teams with a few other gentlemen specially invited for the occa sion. "When completed the room mentioned will be a great improvement on the small one hitherto used, and should it be finished off in time for the forthcoming cricket match against the Son. Ivo Bligh's team on Thursday will be a fitting recap tion place for our distinguished visitors. At the luncheon on Monday the chair wa3 taken by Sir H. Ayers, JI.L.C., who was supported on either side by the captains of the rival teams, while Mr. T. King' occupied the vice-chair. Amongst the visitors we noticed the Commissioner of Public "Works (lion. J". G. Ramsay), the Commissioner of Crown Lands (Hon. A. Catt), the Chief Secretary (Hon. J. C. Bray), Mr. J. L. Bonython, Mr. It. K. Thomas, and others, After luncheon, and after the Chairman had proposed the toast of "The Queen" and "The Governor," the Vice Chairman gave "The Parliamentary Team," and in doing so said that the only reason he could imagine why he had been chosen to propose that toast was that he had once been a member of the House and might' possibly again fill that position. (Hear, hear.) He hoped that the match would prove a close battle. The members of the Press were possessed of cool, calm courage, and they would do their utmost to win the game. The present contest he thought might re sult differently than on the last occasion, bnt ho was sure it would be characterised by the utmost good feeling throughout. Mr. Dixson, M.P., cap tain of the Parliamentary team, responded, lie said he could not help feeling, when looking at the friendly and genial face of Mr. King, who was now a member of the Press only, but who had once been a member of tire House too, that at their next annual match there would be a sort of battle going on between the two interests as to which he was to play for—r he Parliament or the Press. (Laughter, anil hear, hear.) lie had read of the Archangel Michael and Satan contending for the body of Moses, and he hoped that next rear both sides would ho contending as to which" side Mr. Kino should belong to. (Hear, hear.) In conclusion, ii'e thanked Mr. King for the toast, and hoped the match would bea good one whichever side won. 3 he Minister of Education (Hon. J. L. Parsons) then proposed " The Press Team" in felicitous terms, and referred to the conscientious manner in which the members of that team always fulfilled their offi cial duties. As Mr. Dixson had said they were younger than the members of his own team, and therefore if his side was successful the kudos would he all the greater, whereas if the Parliament should be bc-aten, the discredit, if he might so term it, would be all the less. He had not such a hope of victory as he had last year, but lie was sure both sides would do their best, and that the b83t men would win. (Cheers.) The Press were beaten last year, and now came forward again, and gallantly threw down the gauntlet-, and he honed they would cordially and heartily drink success to them. The toast was enthusiastically honored, and appropriately responded to by the captain of ths Press team, Mr. Evans, and by Messrs. J. H. Einlnyson and J. P. Stow. An adjournment was then made to the field, where an excellent wicket had been prepaied, and Mr. Evans having won the toss elected to defend the wickets, and play was commenced shortly before 2 o'clock. The first pair to wield the willow were Messrs. "lY hit taker and M. 0. Hocking, and after a few overs the baisruen succeeded in completely collaring the howling, run.sfortbenexthalfhourcomingliee water. Easts, slows, full pitchers, and grubbers, were treated alike and sent to all parts or tho field, ttre bats men being quite masters of the situation; 10, £0, £0, and 40 were telegraphed on the scoring hoard in rapid succession. Xhi3 state of affairs, how ever, was not destined to continue, for hardly had the quadruple unit been prefixed to the duck's-cgg when Hocking cried " content," and his place knew him no more. No. 3 batsman then appeared on tho crease, but after contributing 5 to the total "took a header down below," his fate being hailed with sliouts of delight from the opposition benches. How the remaining wickets fell will best be gathered from the subjoined scores; suffice it to say that Mr. Mattinsou after changing ends, accomplished the " hat trick" at a critical juncture of the game,and whereas from pre liminary negotiations the match seemed likely to be " a rooster", for the first men sn after an hoar and a ball's play the "stipendiary scriveners" were scattered abroad, and to the surprise of all, but 92 was totalled to their credit when the last wicket went down. A short adjournment to the reir of the grand stand was now necessary, as the sun baa made operations decidedly sultry, and, as an honorable member who had been severely tried by Whittaker's "two for his heels" hits remarked to the umpire.it was "too much of a jolly good thing, don't you know," and liquefaction in the shape of claret and soda was made " the order of the day" for the space of about ten minutes. Our worthy legislators then started the defensive, while Evans & Co. commenced a terrible bombardment of the timber, which at first threatened gleomy times for the House. Four wickets for 10 runs! Xheyof theprintingestablishment3were jubilant, last year's tables topsy- turvey—" We'll have'era all outforascore and send'em in again," was tbe cry, until Captain Dixson faced the gallant Blackmore, who (be it said to his credit) had blocked every straight ball with a provoking coraplecency. Then, however, affairs took quite another turn. We could almost read in the lion, member for Light's face as he took his centre, Mark Anthony's assu rance to Cleopatra, slightly paraphrased— " If from the field I shall return no more To kiss these lips, I will appear in blood j I and my bat will earn our chronicle; There is hope in it yet." Captain Evans's swifts were unavailing; 1'Tnlay son's in-and-outers did no mischief; Bathurst's in sinuating "mediums " were dispatched to Jerusalem, and generally the opposition corps was non-plassed. From 10 the score rose to 50, and Parliamen tarians began to chink there was com in Egypt, and that all was not yet lost, but "at length the fatal wound,"as thesongsays.was delivered,andaftera very careful and creditable display of batting, the captain had to succumb to an excellent ball, and amid great applause retired for a very well played innings. The House was thenceforward divided against itself, and consequently fell. Man after man was remorselessly disposed of, and eventually the legislators gave up the ghost at GO. After a short interval the Press team again took the wickets, and when stumps were drawn at G;30 ■ had scored 82 for seven wickets. The match thus resulted in.favor of the Press in the first innings by 23 rnns. At the conclusion of the game Mr. Whit takc-r was presented on behalf of the Rcgisiev pro prietors with a handsome bat in-recognition of his having made top score, andMr. Cockburn was made the recipient of a cricket ball for having made the best average in bowling. The following are the scores PRESS. Captain, Mr. H. C. Evans; umpire, Mr. A. W. Hill. First Innings. M. C. Hocking, at. Stirling, b. Gilbert .. . ■ «. IS S. H. Whittaker, not out ~ „ ... .. 42 A. T. Chandler, rim ont ., 5 F. H. Bathurst, b. Gilbert .. . 9 J. H. Finlayson, b. Gilbert .. 2 II. C. Evans, b. Mattinsou 13 A. B. Cockburn, b. Mattinson 0 W. J. Sowden, b. Mattinson .. .. .. .. o ,T. P. Stow. b. Mattinson .. , 2 It. Thompson, b. Gilbert 0 W. T. Banks, at-. Stirling, b. Gilbert • .. .. o Sundries .. .. i - Total 92 rARMAMEXT. Captain, Mr. E. Dixson, M.P,; umpire, Mr. W. M. Cook. C. C. Kingston, b. Evans 3 E. G. Blackmore, c. Whittaker, b. Finlayson .. 2t A. H. Landseer, c. Whittaker, b. Bathurst .. 0 J. L. Stirling, b. Bathurst .. ' .. .. .. 0 Hon. J. L. Parsons, run out .. 0 R. Dixson, b. Evans • .. .. 27 W. Gilbert, c. Cockburn, b. Bathurst '.. .. I W. E. Mattinson, c. Whittaker, b. Finlayson .. 2 U. V. Moyle, b. Cockbnrn — .. .. ..7 T. Johnson, b. Cockbnrn 0 Hon. J. C. Bray, not out .. .. ., ... o Sundries .. — ~ .. .. ..'5 Total .. .. 09 l'RESS. Second Innings. . W. J. Sowden, b. Dickson _ _ ',. 33 A. T Cbandler, c. Blackmore, b. Mattinson .. 10 F. H. Bathurst, st. Stirling „ .. „ .. 12 W. T. Banks, b. Kingston „ .. _ " 4 A. B. Cockburn, b. Kingston .. .. 2 E. Thompson, b. Johnson " J H. C. Evans, b. Kingston * J. H. Finlayson (not out) .. — — *• Sundries .. „ — — " 82 Unfortunately no bowling analyses were kept, and therefore, the results of the bowling canno„ be given in tbe usual way. 