my parti andat last, after a wakeful night, during which I fancied nil sorts of dreadful things as happening to Rolf, I determined to go at once home, nml promise my cousin to have nothing more to do with Harry Soiucrs. A letter was handed ino at breakfast- ti mo, written by the faithful old housekeeper, who informed me that " Something ailed Mr. Rolf ; sho didn't know what it was about, bat he had been like a ghost alwut the house, so whito and sad, nud seemed to be always thinking. Would I come home and cheer him up a little bit?" Would 1 1 I lost no time in announcing the fact of my intended departure, and. in suite of remonstrance from all the family, I left for homo that 6amc day at noon. When I reached the dear homo, and rang the bell with a trembling hand — thinking how glad and surprised Rolf would be, the dear fellow, when he came home from liis office later in tbo day— Mary, the waitress, admitted me. The housekeeper had gone out, tho girl said, so I went straight to my room. But. oh! I had not yet removed my hat and cloak ere tho girl Mary came hastily to my room with the cry that " Master Rolf was Ju the library, dead in tho chair Ouc scream which I could not restrain, and then I flew down the staircase with a throbbing heart and brain. There he was, my noble Rolf, the only man— I knew it now— whom ever I could truly love nud resect, and without whom I could not live, I thought in despair — there be was, iu the chair beside his table, his head drooped slightly, and the denrfneo was white, oh, to white ! "Rolf, oh, Rolf !" I called, springing for ward. Wat he really dead, or only iu a swoon? "Ho liad been sicker than I knew of," 1 cried, " and they ought to ltave sent for me I" But Rolf, was not dead, after all, for when my arms were closely about liim, he opened his eyes and smiled, and though bis mind wandered a little, for fever set in strongly. I, alone with liim while a doctor was scut for, listened to words which made mo so happy I almost forgot to be anxious about him. " I thought you would como to me, mv Clare. If you knew that 2 love you so, you would not leave me to love another, who has not loved you so long or so dearly ns I have — would you ?" Ho scarcely knew what ho said, poor fellow I but 1 knew it was all in Ms dear heart, although but for this I might never have known, and I was glad, more so than I dared confess even to myself. Well, Rolf got well pretty soon, and we had another talk, and the result was that Mr. and Mrs. Rolf Morton will be "At Home" on Thursday, November — , to any friends who chaiice to call. In our next— "Mystery ,H 