Tuesday. May 2. [Before His Honor Mr. Justice Boucautand a Jury.] Before the case against James Barker, Wm. Hides, Wm. Forsyth Bentham Paynter Morrison, and Otto DuBarry, for conspiring to defraud the Australian Alliance Assurance Company of the sum of AS,COO, was called on, Mr. Downer rose and asked, that the trial might be postponed till the next sittings. He made the application on an affidavit Jy H- W. Variey, managing . clerk for Messrs. H. E. A _H. F. Downer, in which it was set out that in March the defendants were com mitted _ for trial; a few days previously Wm. Hicks, Jas. Barker, Wm. Forsyth, and Thoa. Bobt. Horton were committed for trial on two charges: and recently Jas. Barker and Thos. Bobt. Borton had been convicted of the offence for which they were tried. |Tbe Court had been crowded during the hearing of the case; verbatim reports of the proceedings were taken; and published in the daily papers, several editions being ! issued almost hourly during the hearing, which lasted for eight days. After the trial lead j ing articles had appeared in each of [ the two leading papers, in one of which the following paragraph accnrred: — " We find Barker—whose plain duty it was, if he j had acte'd honestly before, to nave informed the Society at this stage bf all the facts—taking a cottage at Brighton to receive the living ghost in which the partnership first speculated. . . . The last scene at length came. Weatherhead, with ice in each hand ana in his mouth, grinned his parting recognition to Hicks, whom he hated and despised as thoroughly as he seems to have liked Barker; a convenient certificate was obtained from a pliable physician, attributing the death to a three months' phthisis; £23 was spent upon a decent funeral; Mr. Littlewood, the landlord, earned his ten shillings by following the 'dear defunct;' the telegraph went to work again, and notice of death was given to the Society on the part of Forsyth as assignee of the policy." In the other leading article it was stated that— "This is the greatest and mest remarkable criminal case that has ever occupied the attention of the Supreme Court of South Australia, considering the protracted nature of the trial, the position of the parties concerned, the magnitude of the issues involved, the many months occupied in the elabora tion and carrying out of the crime, and the many extraordinary incidents marking the course of the conspiracy. We have had murder cases in which there was a terrible interest, but that was more evanescent, and the attention of frequenters of the Court and the public generally was not so sustained as in this instance by variety of circumstance, start ling events, dramatic positions of the actors in the affair, ingenuity of plot, striking tableaux, and occa sional passages of comedy. There were not wanting either in this affair some touches of the horrible, especially in the last moments of the poor wretch Weatherhead. _ when, the power of articulation having left him for ever, he favoured with a 'grin of recognition' his vile confederate Hicks, on whom he had previously be stowed so many curses and lavished such foul epithets. No other cause cilibri in South Australia has ever occupied so large a space in people's minds and daily conversation as this has. The revelations in the Police Court of the'fraud created a great sensation, but public interest re newed by the flight of one conspirator, and the attempted escape of another, naturally quickened as the trial drew near, and culminated when the prime mover in the gigantic swindle became approver, and betraved his fellow-criminals. Since then the details of the conspiracy case have filled the newspapers, and have formed the chief topics of dis course in public and private, in railway trains, at the breakfast table, and wherever two er three people, whether young or old, are gathered together. The names of Weatlierhead, Hicks, Forsyth, Barker, and Horton have become unpleasantly notorious, but still as familiar as household words, and pro bably there are no names or events in ancient or modern history concerning which our State scholars, whether boys or girls, could sus tain a close examination so triumphantly as they could with regard to the actors and incidents in this strange drama. . . . Hicks conceived the idea of a wholesale system of fraudulent insurance; Barker brought the first sub j ject for the daring experiment, in the person of Weatherhead, and the gang made the most of him. He was almost 'too good' for the purpose, for there was danger of his dying so soon that suspicion would be aroused. About three years previously Weatherhead had been in the hospital for pneumonia. Within nine months of the time when he was proposed for insurance he had been in the Hospital, the Convalescent Home, and the Destitute Asylum, and had been declared by several medical men who had attended him to be suffering from incurable phthisis, from which he must soon die. He was emaciated almost to the condition of mere skin and bone, almost constantly coughing, spitting blood ana mucous matter, in nearly the last extremity of weak ness, and death was written in his face so plainly that no skilled doctor was needed to read it. This man was seen and examined by Dr. Horton, and pronounced sound, healthy, and in all respects a first-class life. Barker, who had known him for six years, gave a friend's report to the same effect. Hicks, after becoming acquainted with Weatherhead, dictated a similar report, which was filled in and signed by a person who has not been arraigned for the offence, but has acknowledged it in evidence. The conspirators insured Weather head in the Australian Mutual Provident Society for £3,000, and in the Australian Alliance Co. for £6,000." The offence charged was intimately connected with the charge on which the conviction had been gained, and the Jury was composed of residents in the city and the suburbs, and so much prejudice prevailed among the class of people of whom the Jury was composed that the prisoners would not have a fair trial. Mr. Dbwnerquoted Beg. v. Bolan2, Moody and Bobinson 192, and urged that the Jury empannelled consisted almost entirely of persons living in Ade laide, where the excitement was greatest; and it might be that they had been in attendance during the whole of the previous case had perhaps had conversation with the Jury, and would most likely be influenced more particularly by the verdict at which the other Jury had arrived. Then as to the question of prejudice, the public mind had been inflamed by the numerous reports that had appeared in the daily papers. The proceedings in the Police Court were analogous to those before the Coroner's Jury. Baron Park in the case he had cited had commented strongly as to the impropriety of publishing the evidence,and had saiathatthe proprietors were liable to be indicted for publishing it. The newspapers had published every scrap of information, ana it must of necessity have excited the public mind with respect to the pro ceedings now under investigation. Then por traits had been published of all the defen dants but Dr. Morrison, and comments on the course of the procedure clearly bad reference to the future as well as the past. The articles referred to Weatherhead as being a mere ghost taken to Brigh ton for the purpose of lingering on for a short time to carry out their designs. That appeared in Satur day's paper, and referred to the proceedings coming on, because one part spoke of the con spiracy , to insure in the Mutual Provident for £3,000, and the Australian Alliance for £5,000. The newspapers said that the man Weatherhead was a living ghost whom no doctors could reasonably pass, thus pronouncing an opinion to prejudice the public mind and the Jury against his client. They also alluded to the affair as a " gigantic swindle, and to the defendants as a gang" of con spirators. The article which did this was cleverly written, and brought the facts out dramatically, and in such a way that he felt it was utterly impossible for the Jury to calmly ' and dispassionately give their verdict on the evi dence alone. The papers, too, had also said one of the defendants had endeavoured to escape, and the affidavit showed that even the school children would be better able to pass an examination in the alleged doings of Hicks and Barker, and their co-conspirators than in the heroes of antiquity or of modern history. He asked for the case to be postponed. Mr. Pater said he had no objection to offer to jhe postponement asked for as he apprehended that the date of the punishment of his client would begin from the first day of the sittings. Mr. Degenhardt said nothing had appeared in the papers likely to prejudice the interests of his client Du Barry, and he was quite willing to let the case goon. Mr. Mann trusted His Honor wonld not make the order requested. The application in the case of Begina v. Bolam was the only solitary instance mentioned in the law books, and, as Baron Parke had said, it ought .in no case to be regarded as a precedent. In the case of Begina y, Bolam the papers referred to Bolam as a murderer before the trial, whereas all that had been done in this case by the papers was reporting the evidence and commenting fairly enough on the ver dict which had been given in a previous case. Surely the summing-up of His Honor, the counsels' speeches, and the solemn verdict of the Jury, would have far more weight on the public mind and on possible Jurors than mere newspaper comments. There was absolutely nothing in the commonts made as to Dr. Morrison; and H1b Honor of course would not forget that the public and possible Jurors had a right to be in Court during the pre vious trial. The cost of an adjournment would be a serious one, as witnesses had been brought at very, serious expense, and if this case were post poned till next sessions it would be equally fair that the third case should be postponed till the sessions after next. And was this to be done because a young gentleman named Varley said that in his opinion the public mind was so prejudiced that Dr. Morrison would not now get a fair trial. He did not know whether this was the Mr. Tarley who was so active in the last case. He believed he was a clerk in Messrs. Downer's office, and this of itself was a circumstance which led him to remark that in the case of Regina v. Bolam one of the principals in the case made the affidavit, and not a mere clerk in his office. Anu it might be interesting to know that Mr. Varley had recently returned to the colony, and was least likely of all people to be a good judge as to the alleged inflamed state of public feeling in reference to this ease. It could not he pretended that the public excitement was such that the Jury could not do their duty solemnly. Mr. Downer said that, although Dr. Morrison might not be referred to by name, the newspapers said that Weatherhead was a living ghost. Surely this was condemning the doctor who passed him. They also referred to the insurance of £5,000, which was the sum dealt with in this case. As to Mr. Varley, he might say he was managing clerk to Messrs. Downer, ana an attorney of that Court, and that, therefore, it was not disrespectful to the Court that he should make the affidavit. He a»ked B is xionor, if he had a doubt, to give the defendants the benefit of it, and postpone the trial. His Honor said the question of expense, though an important one no doubt, was insignificant com pared to doing justice to the defendants, and it did not weigh with him at all in this case. The other defendants, Barker and DuBarry, did not seriously oppose the trial at present; therefore, practically, the request for an adjournment was made only on behalf of Dr. Morrison. The Crown Solicitor had made some very proper remarks in reference to Mr. Varley having made the affidavit, as the Court had a right to expect that the attorney in the case, and not his managing clerk, should make the affidavit. He would postpone the hearing of the case if he thought Dr. Morrison would not otherwise get a fair trial; hut he did not think so for a moment. He did not know the circumstances of the pictures, though they might be a serious offence. It would have been better in the other papers if the very able writers there had been a little more particular to exclude from public atten tion the possibility of covering Dr. Mor rison. He noticed that Dr. Morrison's name was studlonsly excluded, and that there were nothing more than fair comments on the case tried; but it was to be regretted that some of these might he applied to cases still to be tried. He did not bt.ieve the public feeling would in the remotest degree prejudice Dr. Morrison, and he would there fore refuse Mr. Downer's application. Mr. Pater asked His Honor that Barker, who had pleaded not guilty in this case, might he allowed, under clanse 369 of the Criminal Law Consolidation Act, 38,1876, to hand in his plea in reference to the result of the last case. The clause was as follows:— "Under any plea of autrefois convict or of autrefois acquit it shall be sufficient for the accused to allege that he bad been lawfully convicted or acquitted, as the case may be, of the^said offence charged in the information, without specifying the time or place of last previous conviction or acquittal." His Honor said the plea could be handed in as a matter of right. The plea was handed in, and signed by Mr. Pater as Barker's counsel. It alleged that the offence now charged was the same one as he had been previously convicted for. Mr. Mann said Barker must withdraw his pre vious plea of not guilty before the Court could receive this plea that he had been "lawfully con victed" of a conspiracy, which was the same as the present charge. His Honor—The Crown Solicitor is right. The Elea of not guilty is inconsistent with the plea just anded in. The point had not escaped my atten tion. Mr. Mann—Nor ours. But we must have a little time to say whether we win join issue. His Honor — You could not have had an in timation of this, and have now a right to time to say whether you will traverse the plea or confess. Mr. Pater-rThey must reply, or they can abandon the prosecution. The Crown Solicitor appeared to hint just now that he would do so. Mr. Mann—Not at all. The present issue has not previously been raised. His Honor—What I propose to say is, that the Crown propose to traverse this plea. It will have to go to the Jury, and will take a preliminary trial. The whole circumstances may have to be gone into. This is a pure question of law, and the question wili he whether this alleged conspiracy so merges into the other as to be one. I will allow Mr. Pater a special case on it. Mr. Pater—Then I will not waste the time of the Court and the Jury by appearing further in this case. 1 readily agree to this, so that my client may have the benefit of yonr Honor's notes in reference .to the evidence of Hicks. The conspiracy is des cribed as a wholesale swindle, and therefore the acts cannot be taken as separate offences. His Honor—The Crown say there are three sepa rate conspiracies, and that the defendants may be liable in each. Mr. Mann—That is precisely so. Mr. Pater—I will point out that the newspapers refer to the swindle as one on a wholesale scale and syste m. His Honor—I will reserve a case, Mr. Pater, "as to whether I should direct the Jury on Hicks's evidence that they should return a verdict for the defendant on the plea just handed in." Mr. Pater—Also on the evidence of the docu ments. His Honor—I will say " ontheevidence generally." [Mr. Pater and Mr. Linklater then withdrew from the case, and left the Court.] The charge against the defendants was then read to the Jury. The Crown Solicitor (lion. C. ftlann, Q.C.) with Mr. J. II. Symon and Mr. Moore ap Seared for the prosecution; Mr. H. E. Downer with lr. C. C. Kingston for Dr. Morrison ; and Mr. De genhardt for fiu Barry. Mr. Mann intimated that he did not propose to offer any evidence against Hicks, and a verdict of not guilty was entered against him. Witnesses were ordered out of Court, an excep tion being made in favour of Mr. Gwynne. Mr. Mann applied that Detective Dunlevi might re main in Court, but His Honor did not grant the application. Mr. Mann, in opening the case, having briefly referred to the conspiracy as between Barker, Hicks, and Forsyth, pointed out how the prosecution proposed to connect Dr. Morrison with the offence. Hicks would say^that the doctor examined Weatherhead at Dorsetta-terrace with the stethoscope, and then said he could not live more than eleven months, but as a matter of fact had one foot in the grave. He still refused to be one of the parties to getting the insurance passed, but subsequently agreed, out of friendship to Hicks, to pass the man. Hicks would describe the different inter views with him with a view of getting him to make the report, and state that after Dr. Morrison had been told that it did not matter much, as Dr. Iiorton had passed Weatherhead for the Mutual Provident Society, he agreed to pass him for £25, and sat down and filled in the report from the report Dr. Horton had previously made. In corro boration of Hicks, it would he proved that the sig nature to the report was Weatnerhead's, that the doctor's report was in Dr. Morrison's handwriting, and signed by him, and that Dr. Morrison received a guinea from the Society for making the report. In reference to the £25 Dr. Morrison was to nave for the report, it would be shown that Hicks sent the following telegram to Barker, "Doctor will pass Jack; meet me at Post-Officeand that afterwards Barker, Hicks, and Forsyth went to the Bay, and that the cheque was cashed at Bickford's hotel, and that part of the change was a £17 cheque, which now bore Dr. Morrison's endorsement. Dr. Morrison visited Weatherhead at Brighton at least three times after he was removed there, and besides other evidence statements of the doctor himself would be tendered in corrobora tion of this. Mr. Mann pointed out to the Jury that if Dr. Morrison knew Weatherhead had one foot in the grave, and afterwards passed him as a first-class life, it did not matter whether he did so out of friendship to Hicks, or for gain to himself, he would be equally guilty. The evidence as to DuBarry was of a different description, but he thought they would say it was as conclusive. Having got the policy it was necessary to secure a complacent person to whom it could be assigned. From DuBarry's statement in the Police Court— although the gentleman was reluctant to answer questions—it appeared that he was in partnership with Forsyth, and he admitted that he agreed to allow Forsyth to use his name for the assignment of the policy in the Alliance Company on Weather head s life. He said he had no interest whatever in it; he simply allowed Weatherhead to use bis name. Assuming that to be correct, if he allowed Ins name to be useu with a view of forwarding the common purpose to get money from the Insurance Company, he wonld be liable even if he acted from friend ship to Forsyth. Barker and Forsyth had opened a joint account in pursuance of the conspiracy, and it would be shown that DuBarry received £25 from this joint-account, and several telegrams would be proved as having been sent by ' him to Barker and Forsyth. There was this tele gram from DuBarry on October 1 to James Barker— " Will buy Colonist, exchange correspondence, see to tr&nBfer; at once. Forsyth explained matters to me." On the day before that a telegram was sent from William Forsyth, Orroroo, to James Barker, Gresham Hotel —" Made right. Barry, buy Colonist. Form returned, exchange correspon dence, attend transfer, exercise . care, return about Wednesday." There were Other telegrams urging him to come to town, and on February 7, after the death of Weatherhead, the following telegram. was sent by DuBarry to ForsythY' Will he in Orroroo all day. Has anything fresh .turned up." The assignment alone would not be conclusive against DuBarry, but ail the matters made.a chain of circumstances which he might be fairly called on to explain. Algernon Sidney Clark, examined by Mr. Symon said—I am agent in Adelaide for the Australian Alliance Insurance Company. I produce a proposal for insurance purporting to be signed ,by David Weatherhead, and two friendB' reports purporting to be signed by James Barker and William Forsyth. Dr. Morrison was the medical referee in this case. I produce the personal statement and medical report. [The documents produced set forth that David Weatherhead was a first- class life.] Dr. Morrison was paid one guinea for his examination. I produce agent's report signed by William Hicks, and two friend's reports, purporting to he signed by Daniel Fergnsson and J. Bandvoght. The policy was issued for £5,000, and dated October 14,1881. This letter was received for Dr. Morrison by me. The letter was dated February 8,18S1, and in it Dr. Morrison said he did not know where Hicks was; but that the latter was going to study for a doctor, and that when Dr. Morrison knew of his- address he would terwaTd it to witness, or it might, perhaps, he got from the father of Hicks at Norwood. Cross-examined by Mr. Kingston—I do not know that I am the prosecutor in the case. I signed the information in the Police Court as the agent of the Company. I have caused counsel to be retained for the prosecution. I know Mr. Hicks; have known him since he came with the proposal. When he came he was allowed a commission, and we got another. I have formed quite the reverse of a high opiniom of him. Mr. Kingston—Would you believe him on his oath? Witness—It would depend on what he said. Mr. Kingston—Do you recognise him as the prime mover in what you are pleased to call thi3 conspiracy? His Honor—The form of the question is irregular. Witness—I have no objection to the term. I am not the Jury, and therefore cannot say say who is most guilty. I have read the evidence in the other case, but not in this trial. (Laughter.) Mr. Kingston—Do you not regard Hicks as the great author and originator of this conspiracy? Witness—I regard him as one of the authors, but I do not know whether he or Barker was the actual originator. I divide the credit between Barker and Hicks. Mr. Kingston—I think you have expressed an opinion as to " running the doctors in" by the aid of Hicks. Witness—I do not recollect having done so. I never used such a term. Mr. Kingston—Is your memory bad, or have you been contaminated by Hicks? Witness—I think not. Mr. Kingston—Have yon used expressions to the same effect? Witness—I have expressed a hope probably that the guilty parties would be brought to justice, even at the expense of letting Hicks go. Mr. Kingston—You were advised by counsel that you could not" run the doctors in" and Hicks also ; were you not? Witness—I was advised it was doubtful. Mr. Kingston — Were you not so advised by Messrs. Mann, Symon, Gwynne, and Moore, and a host of other learned gentlemen ? Witness—I don't remember the "host of others." (Laughter). Mr. Kingston—And you did not scruple to take Hicks's evidence. Witness—I acted under counsel's advice. At this stage of the hearing the Court adjournep for lunch. On resuming Mr. A. S. Clark continued — I was present at a consultation of the lawyers when it was arranged that Hicks should turn Queen's evidence. We were quite decided as to Hicks's iniquity then, and we let him loose. Nothing was said about whitewashing him and letting him loose on the public. I looked upon Hicks as an unre pentant sinner and nn unscrupulous rascal. It is not usual to communicate the result to the doctor whether the proposal is adopted or rejected. The guinea is pain for the examination. I believe my conversation with Dr. Morrison was within a day or two of the first case in the Police Court. I attach importance to the friend's reports, and to the fact that the man had been insured in another office in the present case There are cases in which a man is refused by one office and insured in another. To Mr. Dengenhardt—I know nothing about Du Barry. To Mr. Symon—I would certainly not accept *a man on the friend's report without a satisfactory medical report. After tue proposal and the friend's reports came in I saw Hicks in our office with reference to completing the insurance, lie professed to have a telegram, and had something in his hand. It must have been about the 12th of October. He said he had had a telegram from the Burra. indicating that if the life were not accepted it might go off, or words to tliat effect. I said the matter was in Melbourne waiting for decision, and we expected daily to get the acceptance of the pro posal, and he said the matter had better go on. The same day we either wired or wrote to Melbourne. To Mr. Kingston—I saw a paper in Hicks's hand, but I did not see what was on ft. I understood that the proposed insurer did not want to proceed. I also appreciated that my com mission was in danger, and that brought about a subsequent action on my part. It was pro bably within an hour, but I can't say the result of the action was the saving of the commission. I have drawn the commission. I don't think I said to Hicks that I would report that everything was satisfactory. I am not sure that I did not. I will not swear that I did not. The premium had been paid. Ilicxs was entitled to a commission supposing the thing was completed. We were entitled to a commission. We had taken great trouble in the matter. Everything ap peared satisfactory with the exception of the absence of Weatherhead, and we were looking foran answer from Melbourne to accept the proposal. I conveyed to Hicks that the matter was going on, it was near completion, and if it did not go on we should lose our commission. I will not swear that we had all the four friends' reports at this time Angus Cumming, clerk in the Telegraph Depart ment, Melbourne, Victoria, produced twelve tele grams from the Melbourne Telegraph Office, which had been referred to in the previous case. Thomas Irwin, clerk in the Adelaide Telegraph Department, produced several telegrams, among them being the following :—" September 20.—Dr. Morrison, Glenelg. — 'Can you come next train? Please reply, as I working with cases. Wm. Hicks. September 20.—Wm. Hicks, 91, King William-street. 'Cannot come.' B. P. Morrison, Glenelg. September 21—William Hicks, 91, King William-street. " Shall not be home at the time. B. P. Morrison, Glenelg. October 1— James Barker, Gresham Hotel. "Will buy Colo nist; exchange correspondence; see to transfer at once; Forsyth explained matters to me. O. Du Barry, Carrieton. October 7—William Hicks, care of Dr. Morrison, GlenelgShall leave here for Glenelg 4.30 train. Wait for us. Jas. Barker, Adelaide." November 1. Jas. Barker, Im ferial Hotel. " Will come to see him to-night. If do not see you will telegraph." B. P. Morrison, Glenelg. November 8. Jas. Barker, Imperial Hotel" Meet me at the hotel at half-past 2. Most important. If yoa cannot coma send Forsyth." B.P. Morrison, Glenelg. November 7. ffm. Forsyth. Adelaide. Will be at Orroroo all day. Has anything fresh turned up? ; O. DuBarry, Carrieton. I Joseph James Herring, Eesident Secretary of the Australian Mutual Provident Society, identified the handwriting of Barker and Hicks on several of the documents put in. [Most of these had reference to the trial concluded on Friday last, and have already been reported in these columns.] They included Barker's "Instructions" to Hirita in Mel bourne, telegrams, money orders, cheques, drawn by Forsyth and Barker on their joint account at the Bank of South*Australia, the notice of the assignment, of the policy in the Mutual Provident Society to Forsyth, and Dr. - Beaney*s certificate of death from "pulmonary and laryngeal phthisis." Cross-examined by Mr. Downer—Barker had been known to the Society about ten years, and had acquired the confidence of the office. I have had ten years' experience of insurance-work. Mr. Downer—Do von know the mortality of con Bnmptives is about 10 per cent, daring the first year after insurance. Witness—I don't know. Mr. Downer—Do you believe that out of 192 cases 18 died in the first year? Witness—I cannot say. The actuary attends te that business. Mr. Downer—Would yon believe that of' these 102 no less than 25 died under the fifth year? Witness—I cannot say. His Honor asked Mr. Downer whether it was worth while pursuing such questions when Mr. Her ring did not know anything about this phase of in surance. Mr.. Downer—Very well, your Honor. .-[To wit ness]—Are you one of the prosecutors in this case ? Witness—No. Mr.' Downer—Are the Mutual and Alliance Com panies not acting in concert ? Witness—No. Mr. Downer—Were not yon and Mr. Clark at the preliminary meeting with the counsel now engaged Witness—Yes. Mr. Downer—And was not Hicks to be asked to tnrn Queen's evidence, because of the difficulty in "fixing the doctors." Witness—There was a technical difficnlty, and because [of that Hicks was to be asked to give evidence. Mr. Downer—Would you believe him on his oath ? Mr. Symon objected. There should be a founda tion as to the witness's knowledge of his veracity or otheiwise. His Honor said in all other cases the general repu tation would be taken, but this was the one excep tion in which the witness's opinion went to the Jury. Witness—From my knowledge of facts I believe all he has said in this case. Mr. Downer—Would you believe him on his oath ? Witness—That depends. (Laughter). Samuel Summers, Superintendent of the Money Order Office, Adelaide, produced several applica tions for money orders by Barker and Forsyth. Walter Bailey, ledger-keeper at the Bank of South Australia, gave evidence of the opening of a joint account at the Bank by Barker & Forsyth on No vember 29, by the payment in of £400. On January 30 £100 was paid in by Barker to the account, which was operated on by cheques, and closed on March 20. To Mr. Degenhardt—I don't think the two tele grams produced, one of which was signed by Forsyth and the other by DuBarry, are in the same hand writing. Mr. Mann—I may say at once I believe they are both written by Forsyth. I am glad to make the explanation, because my attention had not been drawn to the similarity of the writing when I opened the case. Joseph Conigrave, clerk of the General Post Office, said—I saw the notice of assignment pro duced, signed by David Weatherhead, at Mrs. Blair's on October 7. I went to Mrs. Blair's with Mr. Barker. He saw Weatherhead as well. I attested to the signature of Weatherhead to the assignment of the policv on the same day. That was the only occasion on which I saw Weatherhead. To Mr. Downer—He wrote bis name freely as far as I remember Adam Adamson, accountant, identified the signa tures to several cheques as those of Forsyth, among them being one dated September 23 for the payment of £1 Is. He identified the endorsement to a cheque for £25 as that of Du Barry's, and further telegrams (one purporting to be signed by Mr. Phillips, and the other by D. Weatherhead) as having been written by Forsyth. He also identified Du Barry's signature to the telegram beginning, "Will be Orroroo all day," but said the telegram referred to by Mr. Mann, and purporting to be signed by Du Barry, was really in Forsyth's handwriting. H. Measday, bootmaker, at Glenelg, said—I am secretary of two Oddfellows' Lodges, of which Dr. Morrison is the doctor. The signature to the medical report, the body of the report produced, the signature to the receipt for the medical fee, and the endorsement on the £17 cheque, drawn by S. and J. P. Bickford, are in Dr. Morrison's hand writing, also the telegrams produced. To Sir. Kingston—I have known Dr. Morrison since he has been in the colony, and during that time his reputation has been undoubted. C. M. Muirhead, solicitor, said—By the instruc tions of W. Forsyth I forwarded the Registrar's certificate of death and the declarations of identity to the Australian Mutual Provident Society. I pre pared the assignment of policy, and forwarded the notice at Forsyth's instructions. I was first in structed on September 19 to prepare the assignment of a life policy, the name to be left blank, but after wards at an interview with Barker the name of Weatherhead and the sum of £3,009 were filled in, and Barker returned next morning with the document, duly signed by D. Weatherhead, and attested by Joseph Conigrave. The Court, at this stage adjourned till next morn ing at 10 o'clock. 