A LADY BURIED TWICE AND FINALLY BROUGHT TO LIFE. A WOMAN in Snicarte, Mason county, 111., to all appearance, died. But a few weeks previous to this she had given birth to a child, and was ap parently well, with tho exception of a nursing sore mouth, from the effects of which she had grown quite weak ; so much so that her husband thought it was necessaiy to call in a physician, but she objected, insisting upon waiting a few days longer, thinking she could manage the affection without the aid of a physi cian. She soon afterwards veiw suddenly sank away, and to all appearances gave I up the ghost. Tho body was kept till the next day, about 2 p.m., when it was enclosed in a coffin and taken to the gravoyard, followed by a great many mournful friends. In laying her out her arms were tied together above the elbows with a strip of cloth, so that her hands would retain a natural position across her breast. At the grave some of her friends wished to view her remains and the coffin was opened that they might do so. On removing the lid over the glass they could not see through tho moisture on it, and it was then seen that one of her hands had been torn loose from the band and was lying by her side, and her arms wero as limber as of one alive. The circumstances bore upon the minds of several present, but still they could not enter tain any notion but that sho was dead. Her hands were again placed in position across her breast and retied with tho same strip of cloth, and she was buried. After returning to their homes several of tho parties who had noticed tho singular appearance of the corpse commoncod to talk it over, and they soon raised a doubt in their minds that sho was not dead. About 5 o'clock tho samo evening several went to the grave and look tho body up. On opening the coffin they found fresh moisture on tho glass of the coffin lid, and her hands were again broken from tho strip of cloth that bound them, and they were both lying by her side, and instead of her limbs being in the least rigid, they and her fingers were flexible. Notwithstanding all this, they could not convince themselves but she was dead, and she was re-buried. The matter was generally discussed in the neighbourhood, and hy the following Sunday the excitement had grown so intense that it was decided to re-exhume her the following clay. The next day, Monday, after she had slept beneath the sod for four days and nighty, she was again resurrected .and taken to her home, where she has been slowly but gradu ally improving. Hov friends entertain the strongest hopes of her recovery, which, if she does, will be a remarkable occurrence, lou g to be remembered by the people of Snicarte. The way in which this affair was managed Avas, to say the least, very singular. 