Aquatic Jottings. Bv Chahon. The sad death of our amateur champion, Mr. David Lord, has come so suddenly that it seems scarce possible to realise that he is dead. It was known that he was seriously ill of diphtheria; but the welcome news towards the end of last week that the crisis had passed and an improvement had set in encouraged the hope that we would soon have him with ub again. On Saturday afternoon last, about 2 t o'clock, 1 was standing on the Circular Quay and heard the sad news that he had died but a couole of hours before. There were a number also waiting like myself for the steamer which was to follow the skiff-race between Solomon and Messenger ; the news quickly spread, and the sorrow was general. Among them were men who can boast of little refinement or delicate feelings; but the tenderness with which they spoke of the departed champion, though it made one realise the more his line nature, raised a flush of pride that onefhad possessed the acquaintance and confi dence of such a man. Since then I have at least a hundred times heard his name mentioned with the greatest affection and respect by all classes. 1 have listened to anecdotes of him illustrating in every instance his kind, unselfish disposi tion. How generous as a friend ; good-hearted as a com rade ; the life and eouI of every camp of which he was a party ; strong as a lion, with the tenderness and simple mindedness of a child ; a tower of strength in a crew, and stout-hearted in the face of all difficulties. Though 1 always held him in the highest esteem, and knew he was a favourite among all his companions, I never realised how much he was valued until his death. There was something in his manner and bearing that captivated the estimation and good feeling of all he came in contact with. Possessed of the rich and rare qualities that make the true man and gentleman, by hiB more intimate friendp he was more than liked. It is no figure of speech to say that he was really loved. On Tuesday morning last he was buried in the cemetery at North Shore, ; the soil is already rendered sacred by the grave of that noble man, Commodore Good enough, and close by is the hut resting place of Dave Lord. Among those who were present at the grave were a number of old comrades who had fought many a hard battle with him, and there were not a few of those who ' had met him oft in honest rivalry. To recount his deeds as an oarsman seems at the present time to be almost out of place ; suffice it to say that in the opinion of many good judges he was the finest we have had for many years. His victories were many, but of all I think the most precious he ever won was that which placed him is possession of the many hearts that now mourn for him. Only 28 years of age, in the prime of life, with all the vigour and strength of manhood, the suddenness of his death, and knowing of what 'good quality he was made, seems inexpressibly sad. I believe that there is not one who knew him well but will recall in after life, with feel ings of the most sincere affection, the memory of the best of friends and companions, in the boat or on shore, true hearted. Dave. Lord. I am indebted to my friend Mr. Philip J. Holdsworth for the following beautiful lines in vtcmoriam: — How fair the harbour gleams ! Serenely fair The sun, arrayed in might, Shoots, through the shining spaces of mid-air, Its shafts of golden light ; The 'woods resound ?with song — the birds make known Their joy from branch and leaf ; All nature laughs with glee, and man, alone, Seems doomed to tears and grief. Forlo, before us, comrades, while the land With happy songs is rife, Relentless Death has stretched his ruthless hand, And crashed this noble life. Most pitiless of powers ! Couldst thou not spare This young man's brilliant years ? For manhood's budding hopes hadst toon no care ? None for a father's tears ? Men thaw like frost before thee— quail and quake Half palsied at thy tread — 0 tbou -whom tears or threatening)} cannot shake, \- Why is this loved one dead ! Decrepit lives are thine, and strengthless age, And those whose hearts are stung With fierce and hopeless grief? ; yet, in thy rage, Slay not the loved and young ! Vain, vain my pleading cry. O'er yonder grave The dread king shakes his dart ; And, hurn ing past the rile, Death marks this brave, This noble, manly heart ; Tes, glides past men whoBe lives are stained like mire, And leaves them, one by one, To slay this dear- loved darling of his sire— His lather's eldest son ! They bore him to the grave, while heartfelt sighs 'Were heard from those that wept, And strong men's eyes avowed What tender ties Were tombed with him that slept. For, void of envy, malice, and the flaws That stain the meaner man, Loed lived a manlike life in honour's cause, And died as he began. Beloved by all, he chose life's nobler part, And, gentle-EOulei and mild Combined the athlete's courage with a heart As tender as a child. .._ And, at the last, ranged mourning round, were those Who loved him all his life. Young 6trong-limbed rival rowers— friendly foes In many a bloodless strife. Then rest, dear sleeper, rest ! This verse of mine, Like flame amid a gloom, May haply reach that narrow home of thine, And cneer thee in thy tomb. And thus, with slow and reverent steps, beneath Yon dome of heaven's bright blue, 1 place upon thy grave this funeral wreath Of cvnresis. mixed with vew. It is no unusual thing to find, when a crew who start strong favourites in a race and are defeated, that their admirers produce excuses and explanations for the turn of events with a promptitude that is surprising. So long as it gives them some balm to their wounded feelings and con veys offence to none, it is usual to allow them the sole en joyment of the gratification they may squeeze out of this quaint process of settling the matter. In last week's Aus tralasian an article appears, under the signature of ' Cloanthns,' anent the late intercolonial eight-oar race. It is a somewhat extravagant specimen of the kind of apology above referred to, and under ordinary circumstances it would receive a similar recognition. It contains, however, some statements reflecting on our representative crew and the sporting press of this colony that cannot be well allowed to pass without comment - 'Cloanthus *' commences by stating that ' few crews have ever faced a starter with less encouraging or more cheerless prospects, so far as both public and private criticism are concerned, than the Sydney Intercolonial Eight who bore away the palm on Saturday week.' This state* ment is thoroughly correct so far as the Melbourne critics are concerned; but when the statement is made that for this the Sydney sporting press is mainly responsible— that 'all the sporting prints of thatdty' (i.e. Sydney) 'pooh-poohed their representatives as not having any chance whatever with the Victorian*,' and that 'there can be no ques- tion about it that the character sent over with onr friends was pretty well taken for granted here,' I must Rive it a most emphatic contra diction. Three weeks prior to the nee I expressed the fol lowing opinion ef our crew :—' Bnt though light, they are all good men of their weight, and among our lighter oars men it would be hard to improve them. One feels, how ever, that were there more weight in the boat we might be more sanguine in onr expectations ; and this year, should our representatives win, it will be a most agreeable surprise. It is merely a question of staying qualities ; they are very fast for a* mile, and should they lead for that distance at the start, which 1 believe is by no means improbable, it will then be a question as to whether they can last the whole of the distance. K early the whole of our crew can boast of some very creditable performances,'7 &c.; The opinion expressed by the Tetcn and Country Journal was in similar strains. If this is pooh-poohing our representatives and proclaiming that they bad not the ghost of a chance, I will leave my readers to determine; but even supposing that it was so, the interesting fact remains that a well-known and acknowledged Victorian critic in rowing matters confesses that he no longer has an opinion of his own, bat pins his faith to its judgment of his brother critics, and they in a neighbouring colony. I will not, how ever, be so hard on the writer of the article referred to as to ask my readers to accept such a conclusion. Let ub examine how 'Cloanthus' arrived at the very strong opinions expressed prior to the race. He says, ' We have no 6-eam launches fit to accompany an eight in even a practice spin ; and, after all, this is the only reliable way to gauge the power of an eight on the Lower Yam.' Here is an acknowledgment that he had no opportunity of watching the crews to form a miture judgment of their relative merits. Yet we find that prior to the race he con sidered the Victorian crew one of the best that up to that time had been selected to represent the eolony ; but now he confesses to be heartily ashamed of them. Of our own crew on the morning of the race, he says their chances of success were nil — that the race would unquestionably be a third victory for Victoria; and a salve was graciously tendered to our crew in the intima tion that they should consider it no disgrace to be defeated by the Victorians. In his own words, ' although it was announced that the members of the crew had mostly per foimed well in Sydney, it was apparent, as soon as they showed on the water here, that their meeting so good an eight as their opponents are believed to be would not add to their reputation as oarsmen. While the personnel of the crews is greatly in favour of Victoria, it mu6t be said that our form is much superior to the style of the New South Wales crew.' We have seen what facilities the writer had for forming these opinions, and we have also seen by the result of the race how far they were correct. It is not tobe wondered at that under the circumstances our representative eight should complain of the harsh treatment they received at the hands of the rms in Victoria. Not one single word was said to encourage or cheer them in what appeared to be an uphill and hopeless task. At every opportunity the absurdity of their pretensions was in no mild language thrust upon them. It is but fair, however, to acknowledge that on every hand but this they were treated with the greatest kindness and courtesy. In the same article our crew are stigmatised as being at the best an only second-rate eight. If this, indeed, be so, it is a source of great gratification to know that they have done so much, and have beaten the fastest time recorded in an intercolonial gig race on the Yarra. It is possible we may get together a really first-class crew on the next occasion. One thing is certain, that when our neighbours do visit us next year the critics of our sporting papers will use the recognised meanB, on which they will base their conclusions, and should they judge the Victorian crew to be deficient in pace or stamina they will not be wanting in meting out some words of encouragement. In aoy case they will tender them that courtesy which should be the recognised privilege of every gentleman oarsman. On Saturday afternoon last a race took place on the champion course between Messenger and Solomon in out riggers, for £25 a side. To those who were in the slightest degree acquainted with the performances of the two men, it BBpeared to be a foregone conclusion that Messenger would piove an easy victor. The result bore out that opinion, but there were many circumstances connected with the racs which appear to require some explanation. The whole pro ceedings did not appear to be looked upon by the public with any degree of favour. In the first place the match was made only on the previous Saturday. Messenger, who had been training Reynolds for his race with Beach on the preceding Saturday, was known to be in at least fair condition, while Solomon only commenced training four days prior to the race, and at the time the match was made was known not to be in a fit condition to row a race at a week's notice. In any cose, even under the most favourable circumstances, Solo mon is very inferior to Messenger in outriggers ; and as at least one of his backers is a man who has a thorough knowledge of our professional oarsmen, it appears somewhat strange that he should find the money for a man who had not the ghost of a chance with such an opponent, and especially under such circumstances. On the trip up the river the' public, as a matter of course, made Messenger the favourite, and odds were freely offered at 6 to 4. When both men appeared on the water the vast difference in their style and appearance made the discrepancy more apparent. As the men drew up to the start half-a-dozen individuals, and among them I understand were some of Messenger's supporters, eagerly sought the odds on Messenger, wishing, in other words, to back Solomon. Their eagerness, how ever, created a doubt, justly or sot it is not for me to say, and those who wished to bet pocketed their money. No betting was done. The men started, and Solomon soon forged to the front, having a length's lead at Uhr's Point. Ap proaching the Mile Point he was two lengths ahead, and then Messenger's supporters turned round and offered to lay level money on him, with no takers ; 6 to 4 was offered with the same result. At last, although Messenger was three lengths astern, 2 to 1 was offered on him. This bait in many instances was taken. When it appeared that there was no further opportunity for investing, it was said, in [the most open manner in the world, ??It's all right, Charley; you can get ahead of him now.' And Messenger, who, to my mind at least, had not been really extended from the start, gradually drew up and gassed his opponent with the greatest ease. I must confess that I cannot comprehend why, if a boat-race is to be rowed fair and square, both men on their real merits, tactics such as these should be resorted to. They appear to be degrading in the extreme, and can only have but one result — the utter ruin eventually, as far as our professional oarsmen are concerned, of what, when conducted in an honourable manner, is a splendid and noble sport. So far asjies in' my power, I am determined to use my best influence tojbring about a better state of -things ; and I shall not be slow in drawing attention to any apparent curious dealing when occasion requires it. In this instance there wts, without doubt, concerted action on the part of a number who witnessed the proceedings. I do not wish to insinuate that either sculler deliberately intended to sell the race, for, apart from -such a Probability, the whole affair was discreditable. Solomon believe to be honest, and incapable of entering into any compact other than the intention, if possible, of winning any race he starts for. Messenger has himself to blame for having achieved a not over-fair reputation^ late, but it is his own fault if he does not soon regain the confi dence of those who wish him well. In the race on Satur day last it is not the men themselves 1 complain of so much as the individuals behind them, who would transform these contests solely into gambling transactions— the men the bait, and the public the prey. To describe Saturday's race woutd, I think, be wasting valuable space as well as the time of my readers. It is a relief to feel that one has, at least for the present, finished with the matter. A great deal of interest is centred in the races for the Krug Trophy. Twelve competitors have eateied, these comprise all the talent amongst our amateur scullers, viz : — Messrs. J. Arthur, (the holder of the Laidley Sculls in 1879) ; C. Medcalf, (the stroke oar of the winning eight-oar crew in 187°) ; W.G. Brett, (the holder of the Sydney Mail Cup, 1881, and of the Ladley Sculls, 1880, and the Fowier Cup, 1881) ; F. Ivep, (the winner of tne Junior Sculls, Association Regatta, 1881) ; W. Cope, bow of the winning eight-oar crew, 1879) ; C. W. Gaden, (eight-oar crew, 1882) : J. Fittes, (the champion amateur sculler of Vic toria); C.Bros, (eight-oar crew, 1882) ; E.P.Simpson, (captain eight-oar crew, 1882) ; and Zollner, Middleton, and J. Bennett, all of whom have taken prominent places at the various regattas. On account of the large number of entries for the Krug Challenge Prize, it has been decided that the first heats ehallbe rowed on Friday, 26th. The first division will start at 3.30 from Gladesville to Ryde, and the *IT~, division from Hyde to Gladesville at 4 30 TbInWi?n-i will be rowed on Saturday. 27th, Ryde to GladeX1 The first and second competitors in the two DrevirmTv ' will start. The races will be started prJcSTtn ^ advertised time, each competitor wearing a distin!?ni-«v sash. Mr. Fittes, the Victorian representative ^lng rived, with his trainer, R. Edwaids, and has taken ot/' at Drury's, Ryde. From there he is doing .6teadv ti« k1* daily, and is pronounced as being very fit fortheSl!* struggle, so that our local scullers wiil have to look ^T,s their practice. ? weu '& With two exceptions the whole of the entries fm- «, Krug Cup are informal, in consequence of comiwH' failing to comply with the regulation requiring the w^{,7-rs be declared at the time of entering. B™ weight t0 The Krug Champagne Cup, just completed by Mr V Jones, of Hunter- street, is one of the finest specunenR' «f ,? silversmith's art that have been exhibited in the citv T« ? a very happy combination, emblematic of the wine it i ? '* tended to advertise and the sport it may serve to encnn7 m' The base, of ebony, is triangular, 18 inches across i ai^' decorated with springing flowers and gross, an accm^M designed model of a modern outrigger, and an exaukin carved goblet. The main trophy springs from this. a« Australian tree fern wreathed with a tendril of vinP ;» pendant bunches of grapes. The crown of the topmost f bears a crystal bowl, and above this, on occasion of. simile in silver of the Krug champagne bottle as ordinar Mv supplied. The trophy is on view m Thompson and fiii«? window. ? A special general meeting of the members of the M B, r Club was held this week at the Exchange Hotel Mr W ' u ' Benson, captain of the dub, in the chair. It was a.erZn i hold the usual ball in July, the date to be definitelv f\J2, next week. The ball will be a plain and fancy d^emS? An influential committee has been appointed tn carry out out the arrangements. Three very valii able trophies in the form of beautiful silver cun« have been presented by the Hon. J. B. to'^ president of the club, for competition by members of th* club during the current year. The first of these will come off this afternoon for one of the troubles, each of the three being of like value. A resolution was passed at the meeting last night by the members, thanking Mr. 'Watt forhw generosity, at the same time seizing an opportunity for coin veying to that gentleman their warmest thanks for the con tinued and liberal support which he has afforded the club since his connection with it. ? A junior sculling race took place on Saturday afternoon between several members of the Mercantile Rowing Club for one of the silver cups presented to the club by the Hon. J B Watt. The course was from the clubhouse round For! Denisoii and back to the starting-point, and as the wind was blowing fresh from the south the distance was quite lone enough to test the staying powers of the scullers. Much more interest than is usual on these occasions was taken ia the contest, the lawn in front of the boathouse being crowded with spectators, while a fleet of boats of every description, from the stately eight-oar to the tiniest out rigger, escorted the competitors over the course, and the scene was enlivened now and then by an impromptu tussle between a number of boats, the style of some members o£ the contending crews being exceedingly grotesque. The race waB rowed in heats, with the following results ?— First Heat : Whelan, 1 ; Eldridge, 2 ; Frazer, 3. The boats were sent away on equal terms, and kept in closecom pany till reaching Fort Denison, which was first rounded by Frazer, who was leading his rivals by a length. Shortly afterwards, however, he carried away the lashing of his poppet-head, and through this contretemps was compelled to withdraw from the contest. A grand struggle then ensued between Whelan and Eldridge for first position, which was secured by the former, who rowed in excellent form. Second Heat : Pickering, 1 ; Juletf, 2. This event was regarded as a soft thing for Pickering, but Julcfi 60on convinced the favourite that he was not to have it ail his own way, and it was only after an excifine race that Pickering managed to lead past the judge. To decide the winner of the cup the winners of the first; and second heats — Whelan and Pickering— rowed off. Immediately after the start Pickering took the lead, which he main tained, in spite of the spurts made by Whelan, The island was reached in fast time, and Pickering, who was rowing well within himself, looked all over a winner, but when opposite the Nelson he lost his slide, and at the same time his chance of securing the president's cup. Messrs. Ben son, Blackman, and Giltinan acted respectively as Btartcr, judge, and umpire. The closing of the sailing season having been fixed for last Saturday afternoon, a number of the members of the S. A. S. Club turned out on the occasion and took part iu the evolu tions. Owing to the lateness of the season, there was not as large a number of boats as there would otherwise have been, the close season being from April to September. On account of the uncertainty of the wind, boatowners at this time of the year prefer to dismantle and house their racing crafts, which are as a rule not launched again till the north-easters commence blowing. About 3 o'clock the Victor, with Mr. G. C. Elliott, the commodore of the club, sailed down the fairway, flying the signals ' Rendezvous in Farm Cove ;' and the fleet having mustered as desired, it proceeded with the following evolutions, viz.: — 'Form two lines astern of divisional leaders— the Adelphi, with the vice-commodore, Mr. A. J. Soutar. on board, leading the starboard division, and the Lizzie ' the port division ;' ' Follow in lina,' ' Form line abreast to starboard of commodore,' and 'Salntc commodore.'-' Each boat in its turn saluted the commodore and resumed its former position. The evolutions having been completed, the commodore invited the crews present to 'rendezvous' m Berry's Bay, to partake of some light refreshments he had kindly provided. These having been duly discussed, Mr. Soutar proposed the health of the Commodore and Mrs. Elliott, which was drunk with enthusiasm. Mr. Elliott, in a neat speech, replied, thanking the company for the hearty manner in which the toast was received, and the members of the club for their assistance in making the past seasonthe success it had been.' The health of the hon. secretary (Mr. A. Green) was next proposed and responded to, and a very enjoyable afternoon's proceedings was brought to a termina tion. The crews ihen rejoined their respective boats and set sail for home. ? At the adjourned monthly meeting of the Prince Alfred Yacht Club, Mr. F. J. Jackson in the chair, it was arranged that the closing cruise of the season should tatre place on Saturday, the 27th instant. The treasurer informed the meeting the financial affairs of the club were in a pros perous condition, and that after paying all outstanding accountsthere remained a large cash balance to the crettii ol the club. The final beat for the Public Schools Rowing Matel i (tele graphs our Melbourne correspondent) came off on «''?'$ afternoon, the contestants being Geelong Grammar benocu and the Scotch College, who had previously defeated WesHg College and Melbourne Grammar School. Geelong starts withl lead, and won by half a length, after an excellent contest. There was a large attendance, and great interest was manifested. Mr. James N. Oatley has been presented by die members of the New South Wales Eight with a ****&£%£ ealver, in recognition of Mb services to the ckwmWow coach. The gift was a pleasant surprise, and fwwg deserved. Tie crew fully appreciate the «!« ' « Mr. Oatley's assistance, and there is no doubt thata iwns share of the praise is due to him. It would, perhaW-^ been better if the presentation had been deferred unm public dinner in honour of the crew takes i place, oui recipient is of a manner so undemonstrative that his teeiwfi were, no doubt, studied in the matter. During the week Solomon challenged Messenger to row him in light skiffs, for £50 a side, over the enwv course ; but they were unable to come to terms. Mr. Fittes, the Victorian amateur sculler, a^^L^tb eariy part of last week, and has taken up his -Juaart:r^erfol Edwards, his trainer, at Drury's, Ryde. He is a .w* looking Young fellow, but his Btyle has not CT^T been favourable impression. Unfortunately, I 'f Te t jSEue able to get a glimpse of him on the water ; -but m* ^ I will endeavour to give my readers some informal011 eubject. 