NEW CALEDONIA. say (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) NOUMEA, JULY 11. The Progress, the ultra Radical organ of this colony, I, endeavouring to get up a contra petition to those circulated respecting the impolicy of stopping the New Hebrides labour immigration. ^ readers were directed to three different places to see and sign the petition The proprietor of one establishment has sent Lind a circular and published a letter in the Neo Caledonien, indignantly protesting against the unauthorised use of his name and declining any connection whatever with the movement. People are somewhat curious to know how the editor will meet the situation, also how he will reconcile his annexation to the immigration, with his phrase. I' poor Madezo " published in his paper a few days after the trial of "poor Made" for murder and kidnapping the New Hebrides natives. If a proper abhorence of the horrible facts revealed during that trial and the De Gimel one-that in which the women were, as a « comedy," bung until one at least was nearly dead had been evinced in Noumea, it would to-day, perhaps, have a better reputation beyond its own limits. It is hard, however, that a whole colony should suffer for the misdoings and 'shortcomings of a few" The Directer do 1 Interior, in reply to the letter sent him by the Chamber of Commerce, suggests the employment of the Loyalty natives. The Neo Caledonien publishes his own arrive in which he decides upon the employment of the New Hebrides men in Government service in lieu of the Loyalty natives, because these latter were too expensive, too independent to make more than the shortest engagement (three months as a rule, and in various ways quite unsuited for identically the same kind of employment for which he now suggests them. The tree of consistency does not flourish at present in New Caledonia, JULY 17. The fete day of the French Republic celebrated here On the 14th for the second time, passed off with the most perfect success. The weather was delightful throughout, veritable " Queen's weather," for the occasion. The town was gaily decked out in gala costume, flags of many colours floating all day with the gentle breeze. The french tricolour of course predominated. The firing of 42 cannon announced the commencement of the fete-day; at 8 a.m. a pretty little view was held in the square known as La Place Solferino, which being completely surrounded by streets raised two or three yards above its level, formed a sort of natural coliseum. A more advantageous place for the purpose could not have been made. The sports, which commenced at 3 p.m. and were of the usual kind upon such occasions. If some of the scenes at these sports could be transported to Sydney what scores of thousands would flock to see them. One, the "Mat de locgane,''was especially entertaining, owing to the numbers of natives of many islands who eagerly and most good-naturedly contested for the prizes hang- ing to an iron ring at the top of a pole 30 feet high and straight as a gun-barrel. At first one or two white lady jt'8.'fmljed up after the usual laborious manner of such 'IUJIM, when suddenly a native, comfortably dressed (trousers, vest, coat, and hat, all there), sprang upon the stick, and it would have done good to the ghost of Darwin had he-or it-seen the way in which the fellow walked up to the top without a falter, his body and legs forming, with the pole, a perfect triangle as he clung to the stick with his hands and pressed against it with the bare soles of his feet. The regatta would have been perfect with a little more wind for the sailing boats. The bonfires and native dances were kept up till past midnight, and the Government ball finished as daylight approached. The illuminations of the various edifices, public and private, were very creditable, those most remarkable for effect theness and elegance being at the Infantry Barracks, the Tribunal, the residence of the Procureur de la Republique, the residence of the commandant militaire, and the music and in the centre of our truly pretty square, the ' _ s Cocotiers, where the civil band ployed for an ^¡¡pH}?,^ proving what advance they had made during the 12-year. The races passed off; without any accident. The course was admirable, and the weather all that could be desired. The race of chief interest was for the Ladies' Purse, run on Sunday, before the governor and suite and the major part of the population of Noumea. By excellent riding the winner when in the straight running, and just before the grand stand, crept up to this hotel which till then had been leading and won the race by a length. The rider and owner, Mr. Atkinson, identified with the progress of the colony from its early commencement, received a most enthusiastic chorus of hearty congratulations from all sides. Ladies, gentlemen, and children, whether French or English, seemed to vie with each other in showing their unmistakable satisfaction at his gaining the prize, which, in the shape of 25 gold coins, each of the value of JOOf. (2-1), was handed him by a lady, who also presented the second and third prizes, £10 and £20 respectively, to the other two of the trio, which came in ahead of the eight horses engaged in the race. Two jockeys from Sydney, named Clarke and Allen, have been disqualified for ever from riding on the racecourse here, through their having, it is alleged, sold a race. JULY 21. The subject of the suspension of the "labour ' trade continues the topic of chief interest throughout the colony, from all parts of which arrive communications deploring the fact, the great injury which will accrue to the colony by the enforcement of this measure is SO widely and generally recognized that even the most rabid counter current of opinion must collapse from a sense of its own weakness. | The Havannah arrived on the 15th instant, bringing 101 New Hebrides natives. | The City of Melbourne arrived with the mails at 8 o'clock this morning. She met with very severe weather on the run across, having one of her boats stove in Some hours after the arrival of the mail a commission of inquiry was sent on board the Havannah, which has been in harbour between four and five days, to investigate the circumstances detailed in Captain Waun s letter, published in your issue of the 13th, a bien letter the owner of the Havannah and the master of the vessel avow is a tissue of fabri- cations The formation of the commission of inquiry seems unfortunate in the opinion of many, one of the members being the young Dufroml, who was Government labour agent on board the Aurora during the kidnapping voyage, for which Captain Madero was lately tried and condemned to four years'lmpiisonn ent, spite of the very formal and even highly complimentary testimony of M Paul Dufrenil, to the effect of it everything was perfectly well conducted on board the vessel 1, and Captain Made/o nee a fatherly, humane man to the natives. Had the English Consul who transmitted the letter of Captain Warm to the Government here, been invited to be present at the inquiry, its result would have the value of his verification. in support of the truth, wherever it was proved On nor and captain by th inform me that the commission of inquiry July clear the vessel of the charges brought against it. It is said that the ILnannah is to be placed under the English flag. She reports an attack by 80 natives armed with Snider rifles, * only one of which went off, the ball breaking the arm of one of her crew, now in hospital here. Had the 29 others not all missed fire every man on the vessel must line been killed. J. they landed and took a number of pigs as a punishment for the attack." They might well feel contempt for such incidents, though the marks seemed capable, the only ball fired making and breaking a man's arm. The master of the vessel assured me that he picked up some canoes with pigs in them, restored the canoes to the natives, who begged him to keep the pigs, " they did not care for them, but he persisted, and paid for them and they said " You very good man, because me tell em you keep em all a pig, and you plenty my em pig The master of the vessel, Mr. Petersen, has been well known here for very many years, and is much esteemed by those who know him, and is particularly liked by the natives. A Noumea gas company is being organized, and meets with great favour and support. It will be a great boon to the town, both for illuminating and cook- ing Durases Weather delightful. Thermometer, 53- to 76-. 