1 4V# \ JkUEYBOROÜjGHrlN I *- \>i) * t i - v i>> THE Maryborough Chamber of Commerco is deserving of commendation for the way in which they deal with subjects relating to tho interests of this community. Almost weekly meetings have been held lately, and these havo been numcrously.attcndcd by.our leading busi- ness men. On Wednesday afternoon the executive committee met, and further discussed the matter of the removal of the Black Rock, in the mouth of the river. The chairman (Mr. W. F. Harrington) considered that it would be' advisable to request the Government to under-i take the survey,, the cost to be furnished by the Chamber,of, Commerce.i By adopting that course no doubt of accuracy could arise. Other, members agreed with this,' Mr. Barns urging' . that the proposal of the Government to dredge a new channel would be useless. Finally the subject, which is felt to bo an important one, was postponed for a week. In the matter of the telephonic oxchangc a new difficulty has arisen. It transpires from com- munication , with the Postmaster-General's i Department that, in addition to the guarantee > of thirty-two members, at £10 each, other £10 must bo paid by each subscriber for purchaso of { an' instrument. This outlay of £20 was not ' contemplated by most of the parties, and is somewhat a " staggerer" to many, who now ask for time to consider whether " the game will be worth the candle." In this dilemma tho only resolution possible was carried, namely-" That the offer of the Government be accepted by the Chamber of Commerce, and that the secretary be instructed to got the necessary subscribers." Tho chairman called attention to the circum stnnco that there was no probability of the Sau- rian drodge being employed until a steam tug was ready. It was not likely that the latter would bo built until more mechanics carno to Maryborough. Reference was made by the chairman to the slow railway travelling to Gympie, and ho also urged a chango in the time-table to permit of a day's journey, afford- ing an interim for business of eight hours instead of five as at present. The need of a tug boat for tho port waa mentioned, and a strong caso in illustration referred to, in the fact that the Silver Eagle has boon detained for several weeks from this cause. It was feared that a bad reputation would reach English shipowners, and much hann to the port of Maryborough be occasioned. The chair- man, in reply to inquiry, said that the Govern- ment had promised a tug, but they might not receive it for two years. Owing to the push in relation to the business of the companies' steamers, theso vessels were now seldom avail- able for towing purposes. Both our public journals aro writing strongly against coolie immigration. It may thereforo be held as undoubted that a large majority in the Wide Bay district are adverse to our Indian follow subjects having any opportunity of blending their interests with ours, unless it can bo more clearly shown that the natural repugnance at present existing would be re- moved in time, and that a general good to Queensland would result. Even tho planters here arc not fully persuaded ; they believe that Polynesian recruiting may still bo carried on withsufficientextcnsivenesstomcctall demands. Ono of the largest employers of plantation labour has distinctly stated his disbelief in coolie importation. It is gratifying to refer to the speedy termi- nation of the saw-mill hands' strike. On Mon- day the Dundathu and Mungari" men agreed with the principals to accept a nine hours' day instead of ten hours as hitherto. The town mills employés remaining fixed in their deter- mination to "door die" for the eight hours, the leading spirits in the movement urged upon their comrades that to get the eight-hour principle asserted it might be necessary to sub- mit to a less daily wage. Of course to those men who were working for fivo shillings a day, a reduction to four shillings meant a severity which they were hardly prepared to undergo, and it was felt that whilst skilled workmen would also suffer, yet in tho present aspect of the labour market it was likely that every mechanic would be soon able to make his own terms with the employers as to w'açes. To this the higher class of workmen replied that the question of wages would soon right itself, and with this hope unanimity again prevailed. On the side of the employers it was announced that consent would bo given to eight hours' work for eight hours' pay. It was, there- fore, agreed that work should bo rc «".,,«.1 c,..- «Li* Dasis. If-, i, nnr )imv«-.i, expected that the prosperous mill-owners will insist on an arrangement which would bo so markedly unlike the courso pursued by tho foundry proprietors a few weeks ago, who agreed to the reduction of time upon former rate of wages. This action of the latter has so delighted their mon that a banquet to cele- brate the event is arranged for Friday next. I learn that a week ago a strike for higher wages occurred in one of our newspaper offices, and that after a short deliberation the demand was acceded to. The inconveniences of the strike havo not been so irritating in relation to loss of timo owing to a determination to make this week a holiday time for participation in the annual race meeting. Anticipated pleasures havo been largely upset, however, by most unfavourable weather. On Thup'.lay, the first day, the morning opened wita such decided assiiranco of rain that it was not until a late hour that the race stewards decided to proceed. Smart showers fell at intervals, making the streets, the road to the course, and the racing ground a most pitiablo con- dition of slop. Nevertheless a large crowd, in which numbers from Gympie and the out- side districts participated, made its way to tlio racecourse. What transpired there your sport- ing columns will no doubt accurately announce. In town a football match, between the locai Emu Club mid a team of powerful men from Gympie, camq off on the reserve. Severai hundred persons witnessed a most exciting game. Tile rival players were evenly matched, and a draw resulted. On Friday the weather was even worso than on the provious day. Tlio second day's races were therefore postponed until to-day (Satin day). 'Clio closing of all the Government offices, primary schools, and partially so of the post office, for two consecutive days, on account of a race meeting, is held to be an innovation that ought not again to occur. The annual fancy dress race ball enlisted tho attendance of 178 dancers. Seventy ladies anti forty-eight gcntloraen appeared in fancy cos- tume. Among tho distinguished visitors Mary Queen of Scots, Ourabi Pasha, Garibaldi, and a host of lesser celebrities honoured the com- pany with their presence. Tlio Pollard family discoursed the music, and Mr. J. II. Thompson catered for the appetites of tho brilliant assemblage. The Town Hall was beautifully docoratcd. Our stockownors are almost unanimously combined in an excellent society having for its object tlio prevention of cattle-stealing and firo-rnising. The annual meeting was luid on Wednesday, and from the report it transpires that no prosecution has boen needed during tho past year, although tho members represent nearly 50,000 head of stock. This happy state of absenco of crime is held to bo largely due to tho deterrent influence which the existence of tho society occasions. To-day, per the Lady Bowon, wo have des- patched our champion sculling crow with thoir Fiona boat to Rockhampton to tako part in the Fitzroy regatta on the 1st August noxt. Will- mott and his fellows aro in oxcellent trim, and will, undoubtedly, givo a good account of themselves oro thoy return home, A most liberal response is being made to the appeal for funds to assist tho widow of the late Robert Welsh, who met with his death at the railway workshops. The Burrum Railway workmen under Messrs. Fountain and Co. have contributed £23, and the fellow-labourers of the deceased at the workshops an equal amount. It is anticipated also that as the Railway Department do not officially contri- bute in a case of this kind, the individual members will be appealed to. The general public in Maryborough have assisted to the extent of some £50, so that altogether not far from £100 should be available for this praise- worthy object. Professor Pepper's "ghost" entertainments have drawn large audiences-very marked en- largement as compared with tho assemblages which greeted tho Professor a few months ago, when ho presented chemical subjects to the public. A now departure is announced for Sunday (to-morrow) in the form of a " sacred" lecture on " the end of tho world." Astrono- mical illustrations and organ recitals will accompany, and a chargo for admission will bo miule. Another of our leading townsmen has passed away. Mr. James Menzies, of the firm of Miller and Menzies, died at Port Said in May last. The deceased gentlemen was only 35 years of age. He has succumbed to the same fatal disease-consumption-which removed from us his brother, Mr. William Menzies, of Dundathu, a few months ago. Mr. James Menzies, during a nine years' business career in Maryborough, had gained very wide esteem, esteem and by his active business habits aided in building up the large drapery firm of Miller and Menzies. It is a singular circumstance that the proprietor, of another of our large drapery Establishments, Mr. G. Stupart, was a fellow-passenger to Europe, and that upon him devolved the painful duty of reading the burial service over the remains of the deceased in the Port Said cemetery. The weather is admirably suited for-, agricul- tural pursuits. Though well advanced through, the winter, frosts have not been severe, and the abundance of rain betokens an early spring and general prosperity. «..p., It is reported that Messrs. F. G. Simpson and Co. are in negotiation with äydncyjbuycrslor a regular supply of carcass meat from this port., The prico offered is very satisfactory, and Mr. IB. Borlar will bo ready with 300 carcasses so soon as theproVision for refrigerating apparatus and other details are completed. The output of sugar from our millswill bo better than usual this year. " 