SPORTING NOTES. Tub programme for the QjT.O. mectingon tlio 26tli August is so very nearly in accordance > with that advocated hy me in theee columns,' that I cannot but give it my unqualified sup port. The committee have besides been any thing but niggardly in the amount of added money, no less than £300 being proposed, which is, X consider^ very good for an off-day's racing. About tbe only difference between tnc programme proposed by myself and that by the committee is, that instead of a Maiden Plate they have inserted a Consolation Stakes. As a Forced Handicap also appears in the list, I can hardly see the necessity of the Consolation j and I notice that the Q.T.C. invariably omit a Maiden Plate from tbeir list. I think it is a race that might well be tried, as it would pr. bably be the means of introducing some fresh aspirants for turf honours, who would not venture to contend against well-known per formers in ihu principal handicaps. In the event of such a race not filling satisfactorily, the Consolation or some other handicap might be substituted for it. The Corinthian, of 50 sovs., has, I am glad to see, the condition appended to it of "gen tlemon riders to be approved of bv the stewards," and I hope to see the committee go still further, and after providing for tho riders n6t to forget the class of horses that should compete for such a prize as this. If horses, such us Mr. Finnic a Eclipse, Mr. Mooney's Rioter. (I name theBC because these were the winners of the Corinthian at the last two meet ings), are ullowcd to compote, the interest in tho race will be fur short of what I should like to • see, and besides, I contend that Corinthian, is hot a raco for first-class horses such as thc30, but ought to be if possible reserved for gentlemen riders riding their own horses, go as to encourage the pro duction of well-bred weight canters and-lead to their improvement. X therefore shall hope to 600 a further condition inserted, viz.: For all horses that have never won an advertised prize, or that have not won a prize of nioro than a certain amount, say, 30 sovs. I should also bo glad if tho committee could , see their way clear to inake a trial of small payments, at least, for some of the minor events, that is to say, £1 on entrance, and £1 on acceptance, for I am certain that the ulti mate result mil bo far larger fields of horses competing. It must bo remembered that largo fields mean a greater number of spectators, and consequently more business at the totalisa tor, so that any apparent loss in one respect will bo more than counter-balanced by the in creased receipts from tho sources.himvounmed. Not having the honour of being the profes sional adviser of tho. Q..T.C. Committee, it may, perhaps, bo thought ultra vires on my part to make these suggestions; but us I can speak from okperieuco, T trust Unit my interest in racing matters may bo considered sufficient ex cuse, nnd tho desiro to sec tho turf prosper and progress in this part of the colony, will always with mo outweigh oyory other consideration. By tho time. thefib hobs uro in print the Bockhbnjpton " meeting;will have become a tiling of the past, and it is unfortunate that owing to the days feed for the acceptances, and also for.tho racing, that I am thereby unable to comment on them as I should have liked. The Maryborough annual meeting takes place on the 20th and 21st, and the entries, which are very satisfactory, came to hand on Monday last. Many of the Bockhampton performers will be present, and will fight their battle over again on the banks of tbo Mary. In fact, with & few exceptions, all the names are those of performers at tho last Q.T.C. meeting. > • With regard to the weights for the important. "Southern" Handicaps, it is > curious to remark the difference between Mr. .Barnard and Mr. Scarr, who arc > justly supposed to be the most experienced and trustworthy handicappers in > Australia. Mr. Barnard commences the weights for. the Melbourne Cup much > higher than does Mr. Scarr in the* Metropolitan, and I cannot do better than > quote the words of "Caspian," of the Town and Country, who states tliat '• > another feature in the Cup handicap is that the postage stamp division (I > allude to those weighted at 5 st. 7 lbs.) lmvo been ignored, and 6 st. is > the lowest weight allotted to any borscin the Cup. I never knew or heard of > a good raco run in the colonies being won by a horse canying 5 st. 7 lbs, > and furthermore it has a tendency to rear a class of I.iliputian riders that > are of no service, and exclude from the ranks of sportsmen a better clats of > riders—those who possess coolness and pre sence of mind when in an exciting > finish. With the exception of Amendment, when he carried 5, st 8 lbs. in the > Metropolitan of 1877, and Banker in 1863, when he won the Melbourne Cup as a > three-year-old with 5 st. 1 lbs., and tlicn only from seven starters, we > hover bad a horse win a good race under 6 st. The sooner the A. J. 0. > executive pay-some attention to this matter. the better will be the results > to the turf generally, for then we might cultivate a more desirable and > trustworthy class joC jockeys for our future handicaps. As the case how > stands with a jockey over 8 st., unless he is a marvel of wonderment in the > pigskin, he has, perforce, to try and obtain a few horses to train, or, > failing that, to take to some mora precarious mode of seeking a livelihood. > If these handicaps generally were started on a higlier scale, and the > minimum not lower than 6 st., this state of affairs would be done away with > .to a great extent, and so many race3 .would not bo lost on the past through > the inability^ of a light weight to finish home." These reniurks, which are > intended for the A J.O., will'apply with still greater foicc to the Q.T.O.', > whose handicapping can sel dom. be characterised as satisfactory. Handi > cappers, as a ride, appear to be afraid of com mencing with a high standard, > which is the reason that all the handicappers, with hardly an exception, are > found to treat the inferior horses unfairly, and leave them barely the ghost > of a chance of winning. That this is the case, cannot he denied by anyone at > all con versant with these matters; but why it is, I amatalosh to discover. > One of the greatest living 'authorities in racing matters—William Day, in > his book; "The Racehorse in Training" *—argues strongly in favour of no handicap , being lower tlian 7 st, and adduces many argu ments in favour of such a course. He states that a 7-st. minimum would put the good three-year-olds over two miles and a quarter in the autumn at 9 st. 10 lbs, and the old horses at II st.—a difference of 2 st. 10 lbs. between tbo best and "worst of the three-year-olds, and of 4 st. between the highest and lowest of ull ages—a difference much the same as that how existing, and that in his opinion a horse that cannot win under such weights is not good enough to keep in training. Tho Hon. J. "White, who is now in England, bos purchased, for 700 guinea*, La Princesse, by Cathedral from Princess of Wales (dam of ; the Derby winners George Frederick and Albert Victor) by Stockwell out of the Bloomer, by Meibouue from Lady Sarah. Cathedral is by Newmir.der from Stolen Moments by Mel bourne from Lady Elizabeth. La Princesse is a chesnut filly, two years old, and has very valuable engagements. From English files I am sorry to observe that thecelcbratad siro Adventurer, byNewrainster, has died suddenly. He was one of the most fashionable and successful sires in the old country. Among many winners he produced the little wonder Wheel of Fortune, the property of Lord Falmouth. Her.victory in the Prince of Wales Stakes at Ascot wo3 a sight well worth seeing. The distance was,' one mile five furlongs, and, though the ground,was very heavy, she carried 9 s t.', and won easily; while the French horse Rayon D'or with 8st 13 lbs., could only obtain the barren honours of third place. There is now at Mr. M'LcnnanV stables one of the most highljtbred youngsters that ever came to Queensland, viz., a two-year-old colt by King of the King out of Richmond Belle (by Moribyrnong—The Fawn), the dam of Rich mond, Boswortli, Palmyra, and Segenhoe. He is a nice compact bay, with black points, but is rather on tho email side, and has unfortunately at some time or other met with an accident to his near fore leg, which must incapacitate liim from appearing on tho turf. His breeding, however, is so exceptionally good, and his dam's family so renowned for their racing qualities, that ho ought to bo, eagerly sought after as a sire. His owner is, I understand, Mr. Beard more, of Cooktown. I note that Mr. Clibbom has for private sale tho following well-known stallions, viz : —Haw thornden (dt. Leger winner) by Lord CJifdcn by 2\Ycwminsier out of Bonny Blink by the Flying Dulclnnun./Thc Friar, by Maribyrnong —Juliet, and Loup Garou, winner of A.J.O. Derby in 1S72. i The following is tho latest betting Hawkkswuhy Gkand Handicap.—ICO to 0, Kings worih • 100 to 5, Bathurst, Stella or Sardonyx. V.lt.C. Dkudy.—i! to 1, Sogenhoo; 3 to 1, Naviga tor ; 4 to 1, Golden Buttcrlly or rroiuctbous. JlKunouKNisCop.—100 to4,Gndarz; 100 to 3, Here-' ford Bay, Tim Gem. Sweet. William, Paul, ami others. Sardonyx and Kuclid, S st. 3 lbs. each, bare been Scratched. ; 