AT THE QUARANTINE STATION. (from a correspondent of the arcus.) Point Nepeax. Jan. 13. The appearance of the fine buildings on Point Nepean quite charmed the 205 persons who thought it desirable to spend a few days by the seaside before going on to noisy Melbourne. The medical inspection of "all hands" was very rapid, but Doctor Bulmer was able to pick out two hitherto unsuspected cases. Soon after lunch on Friday, January 6, the passengers to be quarantined landed on the jetty from the ship's boats, which were busSy employed while the Garonne remained off Point Nepean. "When the first saloon people were told that they were to be housed fa " No. I hospital " they felt as if they were indeed tide, and some even wished to be shifted to another part of the station. Each building contains four large dormi tories or rooms, three of which con tain each iron beds for about 25 people, the fourth wing, down stairs, being divided into double berths for married people, with curtains shielding them from the passage. No. 1 hospital is tbe one nearest to the road from Portsea, and the different classes of passengers were housed fa different bandings, the second class taking No. 2 hospital, and so on, so that the saloon people are quite isolated from the third and steerage, in which two classes only there has recently been any sickness. One lady fainted when she arrived under the verandah of the building she was to occupy, and it was some time before she was brought round. Directly the doors were opened, the gentlemen began to cany about mattresses for the ladies, who now occupy one of the large dormitories, as well as some of the little rooms set smart for nurses when there is sickness, each building containing four little rooms. The horse and cart belonging to the station was used for drawing off the wharf the luggage of the cabin passengers, one of whom acted as Jehu, while two or three trudged along the sandy road to stop the cart and pick up broken boxes and articles therefrom, when necessary. At first the tingle gentlemen of No. 1 meant to use the lower east wing for sleeping fa. hut at the request of the ladies they removed their belongings upstairs as there was plenty of room, so that the room below could be used as a . diningroom. This course was followed generally by the people in the other buildings. One kitchen is in use for the first two hospitals (as they are erroneously called at present), and a fire was soon started, but the kettles obtained after great delay were too small to supply the ' wants of the two buildings, and no tea was available until something like 10 o'clock at night. Two gentlemen sought ont and asked relief of the doctor, who threw the harden of neglect upon the Garonne people, who had arranged, he said, to supply the sanitary station with provisions. By 7 o'clock the various little ones were clamouring for food, and one lady who had three little girls asked a per son who had finished uting his spirit-lamp and kettle to allow her to make something hot for her young ones, but this "good young man," with characteristic caution, declined to wear his property out to save children from thirst or hunger. The water, when pumped up by the passengers to the cisterns, wsa like pea-soup, and it was only rectified after a few days, by some enterprising young men descending by the man-holes to dean the rust of ages from the interiors iff tbe tanks. Hunger, at last, emboldened some pasaengera to go as a deputation to the ship to ask for the remains iff the saloon dinner, and to state that scrap would be thankfully received. At this time the people generally had lost completely the good temper displayed on all hands .when they landed, and various persona came in for censure. According to the doctor, the ship waa to supply everything required until the com pany's agents could send a quantity iff necessi ties from the ship; on the other hand, It was stated that they did not know until at anchor, of the arrangements . made. When the moon was high .fa the heavens several heavy- laden boats were discerned approaching the wharf from the ship, and a general rani was made to the jetty. JUas ! alasl they contained only the. third-claas and. etomage bedding, which should, fa the opinion of many, never have been landed, j At abont half -past 16 some of . the i prisoners (as they , called themselves) managed to get bad tea or coffee, with-, butotthermilk or sugar. Hulf-acdnzanpoline- . men were scattered abont the station,-Aome \- keeping tbe steerage people off the wharf. The attention of one of them was called to two ap parently tick men who were wandnring to and from the wharf end the hill homtd, who found, 1 pa approaching wjttjn itpetfbg dirtwee "Q them, thai Uiey were two patients on the look ont for their baggage. The doctor was after wards seen helping them up with their belong- mge. At last the Garonne's chief steward brought some bread, biscuits, meat, and candles, and a cut leg of mutton and piece of beef found their sandy way to the dining -hall of No. L In the eagerness of hunger some smokers, pipe in month, hovered over the viands, but they were held back until pocket knives had .been placed at tbe disposal of the worn-out ladies, who, however, gradually brightened np under the influence of beef or mutton sandwiches. "Sweet good nights " were dished, and the ladies retired to their straw- beds, fa the gentle man s darmitoiy a merry night was spent, at feast for some, "The American Tramp," "fa the Gloaming," "The Heathen Chinee," and other badly appreciated ditties forming part of the evening's, or rather eariy morningV enter- famment Occasionally, by the dim candle- light, a ghost-like figure would tit up in bed to to request order. 